The Lost Bear ~nnters. ''z IT was December in the early part of the present century. The winterhad commenced in good earnest, althoucht the fall of snow; was lees thou usual in Canads. Time has wrought chanres' in' the' district of London, Ontario sinces then. At the date of ohr story it was -very thinly peopled; the seettlements were few and far bet?aen. Facilities for ermi?ation wre few; there were no eteam ships to bridge the Atr!ltit; railroads had riot jeen ?fream?d bf;'ths:Britieh goeerrmeit were les liberal with land.granto, and there were fewer inducements for that varied enter. prise which is now making the wilderness to blossom as the rose. Some centlemen "in redunoed ieonm staners.' whom necessity had driven to seer to repsir their fortunes in the land of deep snowe and long winters, had obtained posses. sion of large tracts of land, which they sought to let at a very low rental to the poorer class of settlers, in order to found for themeelves or their eucessgors ex ensive estates as landed proprietors after the English model. Mr. T--..held one of these extensiveo tracs, almost equal to a r odernize d conntr y in dimensions, Among the few who accepted his terms: a settlers were John Howay and Thomas NRolatn. Howay was aniEeglieh ear.nc'a -h? ondo-had spent th hole of his life asa 'ksonodsO man, which means that he was inured to all kinds of diffiinlties and dangers, and that he was not laskion in the ordinary resources of a man who had spent his best years in the wilds. Howni , though a young man, was past the middle age. Early one Derembor morning Howay stareed from his log huat for e day at wood-rcottit. Beordes his are, he had hie gun and his dog Lion. Ho soon discovered the traes of thre bears, which they traced to a large tree three miles ditant. Bears are not eomfortable neighbors; and rows and sheep and pigs are not safe within their reach; besides whiok, theirokins couldbes utilised for various pur. poeue;. while, if young, their flesh would prove an acceptabo addition to. the winter's stock of food ; and, moreover, the rat, i not bold for bear's grease, would be useful for many other purposes. Perhaps it was his eagernessto sereere one of the benr',"or even ll three, an his own prize, aihe'h led bim o to imototiete atttack, mre?ea:d cf eets;e:ieg to tha rettlsmaen for help, a he. should brao done. He began. thieforeat oncedto eat down the tree. But as the tree was at least rexteen feet in eir. numferenen, this was no tight work, It was needful, too, that he should keep a good look. out;in ease his movements should disturb the bears. This he began to do, hut, elackenino his attention, he was presently pat on the alert by the fall of a large piece of bark. Looking up into the treehe diceovered, to his eo small.conoternstibk ; the largest of the bears descending the tree, tail foremost. The appearanh e of the bear warned him to pre poare for the worst; to putting down his axe, he seized his gun, with the intention of firing. Second thoughtse however, led him to hesi tate. He might wound but not bill the ani mal, and so exasperate him, and increase his own danger. While he was thus deliberat. dingthe bear had nearly reached the ground, when the dog set up such a furious barking that the hear worked swiftly up the tree again. On reaching the top of the trunk where the limbs branched oat, he paused, and turning round, surveyed both man and dog with a fierceanes which was truly alarming. Howmy wished now that he had sought the help of his neighbours, for his position seemed more and more perilous. Ballying his courage, however, he seized hio gun, and lodged a ball in the animal's neck, which broght him lifeless to the ground. - But, strange to eay,this success rather eoxited the fears than limulated the courage of Howam.. He could not make sure of killing the others, and in turn he might be their prey. Instead, therefore, of felling the tree, he made the best of his way tocallin the aid of some neighbomr. He returned with two men, three doge,' and another axe. Tne tree was noon et through, bat in falling, it struok agaist another, and broke off just about the middle, at the identi. cal part where the bears had stationed them. selves. Stunned and confused, the animals ran so close to one of the men that he aotually put the muzzle of his gun close to the shoulder of the larger bear, and lodged two balls in its body. The other made off and escaped an burt, while the dogs engaged the wounded ne until h shook them offil with their flesh badly torn. It was now nearly sunsoret, and the men re turned to their homes for the night. The next morning, Howay was again e n the track of the bears, having now only one companinn, Thomas bowlan. They were provided each ith st rifle, 'an axe, about six charges of powder, andbread and. meat sufcient for one meal, hoping to be back before nightfall. The manner of hunting bears in Canada is that of tracking their footsteps through the snow to their winter retreats; and the knowledge that these. tracks oometimes take the hunter forty or even fifty miles from his starting-point, should have forewarned the men to have been better provisioned, knowo bng'also that their return mset be en their wn footprento, and that If there should come a thaw, or a snowfall, they would be left with ut a.trail of any kind.?; ::. The 12th December passed, and the adven turoes huntsmen did not return. The next day, and the neat, came and whent in like manner, and ctill they did not appear; thn only tidings of them being that' about two o'clock on the 12th they had been obeerved marossing a river, which, in accordance with the name of Landon given to the district,-i cealled the Thames. It is a onsiderabl river, and flows in'a direction south- west.by. west into lake St. Clair. ,Their friends and neighbours -now ,bearme alarmed, and concludedthat theyhadpcrished with hunger and cold, or had been killed by the wounded bear. AAeon of tbeprpmprietor of the district, nder whom some of them held their farms and lots, therefore assembled a large party of the settlers pertaining to the townships of London and Naeonuri, with thn purpoee of seeking the lost men. They doubted not, however, that they had :fallen a preyto the weather, even.if they had escaped hoer from the breas, for the coldwasintene; . Bheteninnitl~nrwdsaligit forti;dviistnr'nnaees 'on, they had no tinder box, annd vere en.' tirely without meas o any. kind .tp protect" them from the e.verity of the weather. The piaiyry' ovoet piepirod 'tknher uas iar'every way for their l:?-nrdoeo undertabing.' They stocked themeters with proviionas, pceket conpdases t rompets'ahbnndane ' of ammani; tiou, esufiient clothing, and the apparatus for lighting flees ; and, in addition, they took with them reome of thre best dogs in tho country: 8'"" ,_ There ws onue thing whioh added to their difeoltitr-a thew had taken place, and the bahod' bad"whsity 'disvpoeered frm'.:the groand, excepting in low add swampy eitua. ,ions. T?:Tyeyhad, therefere, na traoks .what emr; and nin ideaof the dieectitn the lost men mighi have taken, only' the hint obtaioea from the men who had seen them erosring the river on the day of their departure. They 'had.asaeoneneqnoe,nonverysanguinehopes of finding them. Thoy contineudtheir search, howeeer. for two eeys. exploring ebouseade of aemies 2 frmit erid esamp;swhere they 'raw no tracoel the foottef man. Givina op all hope of finding them, either living or dead for they had not onces coms pon their track I -the pnrty'reteened home. There was one consideration which tended 'to mitigate the diastres'of the eaitutcn;'to render the event less dintraeing than it might have been; the men had no family, so fnr ms was known, to mourn their loss, or to naleer by their death; it was simply the- neighbouee' -who were grived by the ead' en poenfal' nod which they conoluded Howay and N,-lan had come to. Thus day following day, and Christmas morning dawned. Y oung Mfr.e T--wwas just in the act of despatching mesengers to tale an inventory of the property of the loit'meln, when the news reached him that they had re toured a feu hoiirscbdfore alive; btin a oed-. dition of the most utter wretchedness. As soon asn possible, therefore, he went to see them, being anxnionstochnow for himself -that: they were really alive, and to hear from :them, an account of their adventures and'eofferings. It was a sight no oneneed wish, to see, nor, hiving once seen, to; behold a aecoond time, 'They were epectacledsot woo andmiseery and wretchedness almost beyond description theirgarments torn, their ountenanca emaci-.. ated, their eyes sunk, their flesh whitered away, and their whole appeorano: more like, spectres than living men. They were onlyt the ghosts of their former selves, and to con verse ;swith,,them seemed , like holdieg intereounie e ith' the ; spiiiti of t!the: de-, parted. Their privations and sufferings had ,been ao great, that the record of them seems more like romance thani sober history; their protracted enduraces was Co 'astonish-' ing, and their deliverance so remarkablse,, that it may be alike interesting and profit able to listen to a relation of their adven-_ CHA ORAPTER II. c ,r lci Is was on thajotli b Decomber' hiat odway Ty' soon ame upon hit?tltk, ,which they. followid in t north:westerly' direction for at' least twenty miles, when night.ioame oan. With difficulty they succeeded in making a fire, getting a light by placing a piece of dry linen on the pan of a flint-lock "gn "'whil' fashing it. Supperlese they lay down to rest, and sleeping they spent the night, whieh was exceedingly cold,'its rigour, being moderated by the warmth of their ample lire. At day. light, after breakfasting on the small frag mente remaining from yesterday's dinner, they started again on the track of the bear their faithfuol dog having shared with them the crumbs of yesterday. The bear's track now became very much involved, winding and donbling in a manner so perplexing that, about noon, when they must have proceeded . twenty miles, they resolved to give up the chase; for having no compass, and the san not being visible, they were unable to dis tinguish north from south. Their condition wasmost perilous ; in the depth of winter, without food or shelter or any knowledge of their relative position, lost in the bound less forest. To make matters worse, a thaw had set in; the snow was disappearing, and.. the rain was increasino hour by hour. They • 'snow reoellected that in the early part of the day they had crossed the track of another bear, which they thought might lead them to some settlement. They hoped, too, that if it did not conduct them to the abodes of men, it might lead to the bear's retreat, and that. if they were successfulin killing him, its flesh would afford them food, and its akin serve, as a bed. They followed the traek, therefore," until they lost it by reason of the melted snow. What to do or what course to take, they did not now know. Hunting the hear gave place to an effort to ward off starvation and to get home. They soon found themselves on the bank of a small river, which they conceived to be a confluent of the Thames. Heretheypassed the second night, at the close of a day of h;nger, disappointment, vexation,undfotigue. The situation was dreary enough. It rained in torrents, and their only shelter was a few strips of bark. The wolves howled around them, and the tempest was so fierce that trees were torn up by the roots and strewn around in wild confusion. The scene was unchanged" when morning broke. About noon, the vyo lence of the storm abated; but the rain fell relentlessly the whole of the day, while the cold was unabated. They again pursued their joumrney, still suostained by hope. Towards sunset;,Howay fired st apartridge, but missed it, and they went sopperless once more. On the fourth day, they felt the pangs of hunger, oe that they could have eaten almost anything, and their thirst was so insatiable that they were compelled to drink every few minutes. Sixty hours had nbw elapsed since': they had tasted food, and the appalling idea of death by starvation forceditself upon them, Jlst before eonset, owlansucceededin hoot ing a partridge, half of which they consumed for supper, and devoured the other half for breakfast the next morning. But so ravenous were they that, as; they afterward declared, their hunger was no more appeased by eating thits bird than it would have been under ordi nary circumstances by swallowing a cherry. Little more than one charge of powder was now left them, and this they determined -to reserve for lighting fires ; for, as thefrost had now again set in, exposure for a single night without fire would reult in speedy death. The fifth night was extremely cold, and Nowlan found in the morning that his feet sde? badly' frozen; Bnt- this was not all. To the excruciating tortures of frost bitten feet were added an unnppnesable thirst and burning fever. Hitherto, they had walked or rather run, from aunrise to sunset, doing' about fifty miles a day; but now it was with great difficulty, and with almost unbearable pain on the part of Nowlan, that they accom. plished half that distance. On the afternoon of the sixth day, the an'n appeared for a few moments, and convinced them that they were not on the banks of the Thames; and as they had crossed that river to the north, they could only conclude that they were on oneof the rivero which flow either northward into Lokb e Huron or.u est ward into Lake St. Clair, In either case they would be a long distance from home, and in a region then unsettled by white people. Still as it led somewhere, they chose to follow its course, as it might conduct themi to' some Indian settlement. In a shorttime they discovered a boat on the opposite side of the river, and, a little further down a cance.. The appearance of these craft inspired them with the hope' that there might bhe some human habitations or fellow-creatures' eiar. But after travellinge ceral miles, thby came to the donclueion that the..boats had' been driven down the river during the recent thaw and storm. They were jost commencing to out down a tree for the sight's fire, when they observed a stack of h?.y a heortbtdistance ' be fore them, an their ;le of the' river. The haystack convinoed.theni tbdt they were nedar some sttiemeet,. ad''it~i?tdefd ''th em4 a. ilepto o ondiyd rsesom be , w bbh their first propegr! a eclp1, m i leOVtf g;hiod9'l freohed by theirrreoaoe, obey etoetefeoth now erenery, satill. ?e, 't k bnk ofitbi river. The dog, however ithbsir faithul comnanion hitherto, could'folloi tihem no longer;, when they started he ;atepgered. ain pyees, and then fell,' Tie gejioitngs ethene er .engestadp that they hb-uld kill him to help, to sustain their own lte'; hut lidmiahity,' and affection for the eompancen which-hen served thim when a neow diffulty appeared in the shape .,f, an. impaseible swamp, which sompelled w'thed to leave the baok fo the erier ano d atrika !,oit into'the pathless i ate. -They walked all' that day and the next, and about four o'locke nibsth ninth doy.thee camen popd the tracks f two men nd ag. Hope leaped to the ,mnelnoien that they were ono near sums settlement, and cleat their toils ond soferiunge and the ri:tkcer harnger would eoon be over. Alas I they. -cre doomed to disappointment. fiter fcllooving the trocs oor some time, they were brought to the very epot where they had rested a few nights bfomer. The footprinte were those of their do. aod themselves. Despair now seemed to lay firm hands on' them. They eat down without even taking: the troobleto' kindle a fire,'feeling that it 'would be better to be frozn to death than to seek toerolong: a miserable existenoe." They gazeda on each other with counmtean-.es tall of the most painful emotions ; teaus. lowed freely down theirhaggard cheeks; and their chief dread was that one might survive' tlie other, to die Unpitied and nnseen. Thi' apprehension, too. that their bodies would be devoured by animale, was one that added point to Ihei'.mieoleoil.t' :' K After they had boh been theprey of melan choly for an hour or more, Howay seemed to' r-gain hiComannenpre, and told his companion, it w'as theiidcty till to 'employ meadns for.' nir'o'n pnreoreamii H r.os Ea \bo gave them bcin hbad alaon t!: right toa take a ty heir liver. ItRoU B y :h.seceonideratione, they see Aru-?kiOld!.r-n i fir-. aing.hor-las.t flsh of' ::uopod.e rjr"?h e'pn3rp?e6e. Thier· seemed tben nol ope that they. could possibly exist beyond ioe night of the following day. Th. morine found them in a ostat of apathy; bu they ronusdedheEiselves to pursue their jour,' ne,. and Bktiii;htall they reached the ha?? stinck where thbey had had their only leep,. Th , dog.wio still iiive, hat unable to rime, an aesP a mcraEerelenio., The desire of lil once moro revived in their breasts, and they ate with ravenous appetit. a larqdieii:ritv of the inner:bark of a species: of alm. , Th soon produced delirium, and they lay down amlong the hiy in the greatent' moen'l aeony. Dy diylight the next morn ing'theywere better;j'a!d would have risen; but redichUetain otat; their .m Stiaioer mak-n ' nog a fir wtre exhausted, they resolved to roll themelves up.in the hay again and await the ho atf ide?ti ' Segrcely had thiosP-ielnu' tion teen fToriedwhen they heard'the sound of a cow.hei.dll,.-ing apparently fromthe opl'; loitfrtan:aaSlivet TbiTsnnaud'o a co?e-d bell,.they kh'edw, )s'a:ireiiu iign o! a humdin' habitation at aoegreanfditaneo:' they there fare aroE atn once, as if gifted with neo energy, and soon perceived a log-honus, s if recently erected;-but no rign-of inhabitant; They ccold hardly believe theirerye, thinking, the.jo:;-houkoamight be, after'all. a ereatunro of their inmasination, dibordered by long ab stineln?' At ltength, convincid of its reality, b' they began to search for means to ford the river, which toeried ont to be the Stable. Finding a crceing-placs, they were not long in t.-acbing the'oppoeite shore,'where they were met by a white man and two Indiana, who took them to the house of a man named Towneend, who was well.known to them, and from whom they received every mark of kind. ness their forlorn condition required. ' The ringiug of tile, cow-bell was a happy .ireumtsance ior themr. The river flowed int.. ILake Huron at a point one hundred miles trom any eettlement, and they were only' Ihirty miles from the lake when, meeting with he swamp, they had indvdortently bent theai ateps back-into the waods along their own crack. Townaend's log-hut was fifty miles ri6m their.ho'me.,'and had only recently been erected near a ealt epring hoa had discovered some time before. Mrs. Towneend attended to the frozen foet ft Nowlan; and after they had rested and :ufliciently recovered strength, they started for their own settlement by the aid of a blazed line-bark taken from trees with an axe by a previons traveller-and on Christmas eve, thirteen dayb after they had left them, they had once more the happiness of entering their own homes and enjoying the comforts of their own fresidos. 