STH - WARRACUL CHOSTi' There has been considerable excite ment in Warragul, Buln Bulu and the neighborhood lately owing'to a ghost having made its appearance in a gully near the farm of Mr. H:. ogers. The apparition having been seen by more than one person, a party of four! started one night tohuut it, the leaders being armed with a' gun..i?Suddenly the spectre appeared, when the man with the gun dropped his weapon and fell down in a fit, wnile two 8f'dhis companions ran. away, a!ld;.the third, after running some distaince, returned and assisted h.sleader home. Suchan effect was produced on this maln that we hear that.he has had more than one fit since, and he will not now sleep in a hut by himself as was his wont before he saw the ghost. The youngladiesin the neighborhood are disconsolate, we understand, because their lovers will not dare to visit them after nightfall.' We were informed on Saturday last that a large party had been made up to go and hunt the ghost, and that the members of the rifle club had been re quested to join in, but as toe rillemen subsequently declined on the ground. thatas the price of ammunition had been raised, they could not afford to expend any on ghosts, the scheme foll through. For the sake of, the young ladies whose distress we have '°f dird to above, we thinksome of diur galla t defenders might 'turn out and so what the ghost is glad o. . can have the loan of the devil from tlin office, if they promise to return him 's' safe anril mound as tho1mlembers of the, party who actually started to'hunt'th6. 'spectre ltit Sunday night, and whol would no doubt have succeeded had their courage not failed them just as they approached the cemetery. "- A meeting of'the council of the Agricul. tural College was held yesterday afternoon; Dr. Plusmmer in the chair. Mr. Derhmn, M.L.A., Postuaster-General, and Mesasrs BIuchanan, M.L.C., Bain and J. Knight were also present. A communication 'was received from Mlr. T. K. Dow, suggesting as a site for the proposed college a plot of 630 acres of laid at Gemhrook, being a portion of the Acclimatisation Society's reserve a grant of which could be obtained on the council's reimbursing the society, for their expenditure in .improvementa, oatiumate, at £800. A lettci was readl from Mr. J. L Dow, Minister of Laiuls, advising that im mediate action be taken. On the motion of Mr. D)erham, it was decided tnat a deputa tion of the council visit the place and report thereon. The arrangements were entrusted to Mr. Uuehaamu.-Age. 