THE PROPOSED RAILWAY BOARD. [ByEoBT A. White ] The debate on the Bill for improving the management of the South Australian railways is dragging its slow length along in the House of Assembly, and its progress only serves to show the wide divergence of opinion on the subject held by different members ; but it seems quite clear that the majority think that some change is neces sary, and there can be no doubt whatever but that public opinion is very strongly in the same direction. Mr. Catt strove to make a point by comparing the relative cost of our railways with that of those constructed by our neighbors, but one might just as well compare the cost of constructing the expensive Nairne railway with that of constructing the Holdfast Bay or the Grange railways. Mr. Bees partially agrees with Mr. Catt, but appears willing to vote for the amend ment proposed by Mr. Stirling, while Mr. Landseer seems quite satisfied to allow things to remain as at present. I will attempt to show, as concisely as possible, what circumstances have created in the public mind that general consensus of opinion that a radical change is absolutely necessary, and those who have carefully followed the course of railway manage ment as it has existed in the past will be able to judge whether or not my state ments are in accordance with facts. A few years since—about 1878 — the Engineer-in-Chief, who was then also Locomotive Engineer, found that it was necessary to obtain the services of a first class locomotive engineer, and the present one was imported. In 1879 Mr. Thow, finding that he could manage the depart ment better and more economically if he had sole and separate control of it with respon sibility only to the Commissioner of Bail ways, applied to be placed in that position, and was so placed by the then Commis sioner, the Hon. G. C. Hawker. The result of this very wise action on the part of the Commissioner has undoubtedly re sulted.in a saving to the country of some three or four hundred thousand pounds, as was proved during the enquiry into the charges made by the triumvirate against Mr. Thow ; but this action on the part of the Commissioner resulted in strained relations between the Engineer-in-Chief and the Locomotive Engineer, which were very much aggravated by the Engineer in-Chief ordering twelve American loco motives withoutconsulting the Locomotive Engineer in any way as to the propriety of doing so, although he must have known that immediately the engines arrived they would have to be handed over to the Locomotive Department to work and maintain in good working order ; and how can any man be held responsible for the economical working of his depart ment if he is to have inferior materials ordered and thrust upon him against hi3 concurrence? The result of working these engines has undoubtedly justified the position the Locomotive Engineer took in regard to them in the first in stance, for the Public Works report show3 that as compared with the cost of working the English engines the American engines Bhow such an excess that I doubt if it would not be the most economical plan to throw them on the scrap heap as old material. They were ordered like so many pounds of sugar, and cost about £3(5,000. The late affair at Islington gives a fair sample of their value. The strained relations between the Engineer-in-Chief and the Locomotive Engineer culminated in open rupture after the series of fiascos and accidents, the first of which happened on the day of opening the Nairne Bailway for traffic, and peace was not declared until Mr.. Patterson had capitulated and disappeared from the scene, and Mr. Thow had dis played the noble generosity of his nature in stating that he Baw no diffi culty in working harmoniously with the Engineer-in-Chief and General Traffic Manager for the future, and thus allow ing those gentlemen to retain their positions, in doing which I, for one, think he made a mistake, as although he displayed a kindness of heart which has been seldom equalled, yet he would have done yeoman service to the country by insisting that the public interests would have been best conserved by dispensing with the services of two most expensive officers. The result of all these disputes and the well-known ex pensive mistakes in the Adelaide station yard and many other places was to con vince the public that a radical change was required in the control of our railways, and that the present system of having three separate heads of department under the control only of an ephemeral Com missioner of Bailways was a grand mis take. It was seen that the control was Bimply a delusion, and there cannot be the slightest doubt but that the public will insist upon some "other arrange ments" being made as early as possible. Suppose things are left as they are, where is the guarantee that similar blunders and squabbles will not be the result at an early date ? Having shown the disease, let us con sider the cure. I last year in your columns showed that as enormous busi nesses, such as that - of any of the great English railway companies, or the Ade laide and Suburban Tramway Company, are managed, and well managed, by a board of directors who only meet once a week, the whole time of three gentlemen cannot be fully occupied in the manage ment of the South Australian railways only. Several members of Parliament appear to be of this opinion, and suggest that only one man should be appointed ; and objections have been urged against this proposal, and New South Wales has been pointed at as an instance where the one-man system has failed ,* but I would point out that the one-man system aB inaugurated there carried failure with it in its inception for the simple reason that that one man was not put in full control of everything, inasmuch as he had no control of the Engineer-in-Chief, of construction of new railways, and the effect has been that friction has arisen between the two for just the same reason as I have previously explained with regard to ordering the American engines without consulting the man who would have the responsibility o'f working them. I would suggest that one man is quite sufficient to have the supreme control of the railways here. The details can well be left to be carried out by the heads of departments under his direction and control; and I would also respectfully suggest that there is no necessity whatever to import an expensive man, nor, indeed, any man, for you have the man in the colony at the present time, one who has been tried in the furnace and given thorough satisfac tion, one who possesses the necessary ability |and experience, and has shown also that suaviter in modo and fortiter in re which is so necessary in the control of large numbers of people. I refer to Mr. Thow, the present Locomotive Engineer. If a board must be appointed it should have control of not only the railways, but also the whole of the public works of the colony ; then the whole time of its members would be fully occupied, and there is no public work other than rail ways which could not be properly and effectively controlled by men who have had railway experience. _ The proposition to appoint one man, with the heads of departments to act with him as a board of advice, I look upon as the greatest mis take imaginable, and forverymanyreasons, one of which is that the heads of depart ments would practically only be giving themselves their own instructions and sit ting in judgment on their own actions. Whichever proposition is carried out I am certain that the control of the railways and. public works of the colony is one of the mostimportant and pressing matters which should have the attention of the Legisla ture, as 1 believe it would not be a diffi cult matter to show that the .cost of. the many blunders which have been made in the railway department has contributed. in no small degree to the disastrous finan cial position in which the cclony finds it self at present. The monthly meeting ot the Hiadmarsh Town Mission committee was held in the Con gregational schoolroom, Hindmarsh, on Tues day. There was a good attendance, and the ■ Rev. A. Stnbbs presided. The town missionary (Mr. T. Harkness) reported that during the month of June he had made 321 visits to the poor and others, rendered assistance in 26 casts, and expended" for relief purposes £6 7s. bd. The sum of £8 was voted for the current month. Mesdames H. Smith and W. T. Bleechmore had supplied clothing, &c.;, for distribution to the poor. The efforts of Messrs. T. Adcockand T. J. Bishop in giving an enter tainment in aid of the mission, funds was j cknowledged. A meeting of gentlemen who have passed the examination of .the St. John's Ambulance Association was held at Esselbach's restaurant, Ring William-street, on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. J. Withenck occupied the chair. He explained that a want had been felt for some society who could take up the work done by the Ambulance Association, and by means of mutual examina tion and practice retain the valuable informa tion gained from the ambulance lectures. It was unanimously resolved that such a society should be formed with the sole object of ad vancing the work of the St. John's Ambulance Association, and enabling its members to retain their knowledge of the way to act in cases of emergency. The name of the society and the rules were referred to the consideration of a committee. We have received from Mr, T. Pierce, sur veyor, plans of Gawler, prepared on the same principle as those which he executed a short time since of the City of Adelaide. The plans, > which are drawn to scale from surveys made by Mr. Pierce, show the whole of the buildings in Gawler, and by aid of a key the materials , of which the buildings are constructed, the number of stories, whether the buildings have cellars or not, the material with which they are roofed, the windows and skylights, and on the plan itself are Bhown the hydrants in the streets and almost every tree in the town. It is a work which must have occupied a great deal of time and seriously taxed the patience of the executant. It has been undertaken primarily for the purposes of insurance com panies, but will be found very useful in many other respects. An entertainment was given in the Glenelg Institute on Tuesday evening in aid of the local brass band. The attendance was very large. Mr. Summerhayes opened with an overture on the pianoforte, which was followed by " The storm fiend," given in good style by Herr Bebrndt, and " Hidden jewels," by Miss Middleton. Herr Mumme played "The laBfc rose of summer" on the violin with credit, and Mr. Goodale contributed " Steering home," which occasioned a recall. Mrs. Proctor narrowly escaped being encored for her rendi tion of the Vedrai Carino,"and Miss Mad dison responded to her song, " Thy face," by a.n]pQ<5?ncrir>o,nna'i»<<rrha heart, goodbye" and "The Death of Nelson" with good effect, and MissMorrissey well sang "Home of my heait." Messes. Hodder and Trenberth next gave a clarionet duet, "Deh conte," in clever time, which was followed by Mr. Virgo's contribution of Will o'-the wisp." Sirs. Proctor treated "Beautiful roses" successfully, and Mr. Bermingham came out with Wallace's " Let me like a soldier fall." Mr. Morrissey favored the au dience with the recitation "The progress of madness." A meeting of the council of the South Aus tralian branch of the Geographical Society of Australasia was held at the society's rooms, Victoria-square, on Friday, July 9. Sir Thos. Elder (vice-president) occupied the chair. The actiDg-president reported that he had inter viewed his Excellency the Governor, who con sented to read a paper in the course of a couple of months; also that Dr. Reunion had promised to read a paper during the next session. A telegram from the Victorian branch was read, inviting the S.A. branch to co- operate with the other branches in request ing bis Excellency Lord Carrington to ask that her Majesty the Queen will be pleased to grant her patronage to and permit the assump tion of the title of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia. It was resolved that a telegram be dispatched to the president of the New South Wales branch supporting tha: recommendation. Aletterwas alsoreceivedfrom the Victorian branch urging the necessity of collecting all matter relating to Sonth Sea and Antarctic voyages. The acting president pro mised to write to the president of the Geo graphical Society of New York to ascertain whether any information could be obtained in the United States relating to the whaling and sealing expeditions fitted out some 60 years ago from Several American ports, many of which expeditions had been in the habit of rendezvousing at certain points of the Austra lian and New Zealand coasts, but excepting a very few casual references by English writers we had no records of these important voyages. Mr. J. W, Jones (one of the secretaries) re ported that human remains were lying at Coongie station, supposed to be the remains of Gray, one of the illfated expedition of Burke and Wills. It was resolved that the Surveyor General be asked to arrange for any officers of the Survey Department who may be in the locality to bring the remains to Adelaide for a professional examination, and that the manager of Coongie station be written to for full par ticulars. . Several old maps and plans by Colonel Light and others were presented by Messrs. A. S. and M. S. Clark, and they were accepted with thanks. A special meeting of the shareholders in the Grange Railway and Investment Company was • held on Tuesday at the company's office, Cuirie-street, Mr. A. Harvey, M.P, (chair man of directors), presiding, to consider the " propriety of winding up the company. The chairman stated that the company owed be tween £15,000 and £16,000, their principal creditor being the Queensland Mortgage Com pany. Their assets comprised the railway and rolling-stock, which cost £20,000; land pur chased at a cost of £33,000; gocd mortgages to the extent of £5,000; and doubtful mortgages amounting to £5,000, which might be expected to realise £1,000. The only asset tbey could dispose of in the event of the com pany not winding up was the rolling-stock, which cost £3,000. They, could not raise any money at present to carry on the company, though if the times were better no doubt with assets valued at 80s, in the pound the company would be regarded as being in a sound condi tion. The question of carrying on remained with the creditors to decide, and these might be induced to allow them to go on a little longec until _ they could realise on some of their securities. The Government had agreed to run a limited number of trains on the fine at a cost of about £12 a week, and there would thus be some accommodation for the Grange resi dents, though the place had lost some of its in habitants lately owing to the reduced facilities. He suggested that the resolutions which had been drafted should be proposed, and then • liquidators might be appointed. This would give theni time to make another-endeavor to pay off thir debts. The first resolution was— " That it is desirable to wind up and dissolve the company," which could only be agreed to by persons holding at least two-thirds of th6 shares irsued. The second proposed resolution, which it was not necessary to carry, was— "That the directors, on behalf of the com pany, be requested to take the necessary steps to wind up the company in the provisions of the Companies Act." Several shareholders having spoken the meeting was adjourned",till Friday, there not being a sufficient number of shares represented for the resolutions to be carried. At the Poit Adelaide Town Hall on Tuesday evening the Rev. Canon Green delivered his lecture on "Haunted Houses" in aid of the funds of St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide. There was a large attendance, and the dis course was listened to with rapt attention throughout. The lecturer gave a graphic description of a haunted house, and then narrated an exceedingly interesting ghost story from the Christmas Carols, He said that many persons were superstitious, while others would not believe in supernatural beings, but whichever way it was taken there remained a body of evidence regarding apparitions which could only be dealt with by accepting it as truth. He spoke of the flaming awora which hung over the city of Jerusalem at the time of its destruction, and related that upon one occasion the inhabitants of Florence were alarmed by the appearance of a colossal figure c_f an angel in the sky, which npon investiga tion turned out to be the reflection of a statue from one of the celebrated cathedrals in the city. After dilating npon the superstition exist ing among the people ot Brittany, he related a story from the work "More Glimpses of the World Unseen," in which an instance was given of the ends of justice having been brought about by the intervention of supernatural powers. He also stated that a crime was dis covered in Sydney some little time ago by means of an apparition, and added that in some mysterious manner God permitted these things to take place for the detection of crime. An instance was given of some valuable documents being discovered by means of supernatural agency, and - the lecturer gave a ghost story, in which his father was concerned, and which was well authenticated. It was no secret, Mr. Green stated, that some ^time ago when the late Bi-hop Short and hut family were in England they were at a house which was decidedly haunted, and in which a "woman in grey" was frequently seen. A number of tales of apparitions were narrated in a thrilling manner. Some nice musical and vocal selec tions were given by Miss Smith, Mrs. Steven son, and Me88rs.Hillary,Mattin,and Saunders, and a thoroughly enjoyable evening was spent. ■. Aaeetfcg of the Meteorological Society of Aus tralasia. wlU beheld in the Bngineer-in-Qhiefs mew. hew this areoing;. 