* How our Ancestors outwitted the Ghosts. PRIMITIVE man knew how to outwit the ghost. For example, a ghost can only find his way back to the house by the way by which he left it. This little weakness did not escape the vigilance of our ancestors, and they took their measures accordingly. The coffin - was carried out of the house, not by the door, but by a hole made for the purpose in the wall, and this was carefully stopped ' up as soon as the body had been passed through it ; so that when the ghost strolled quietly back from the grave, he foundto his surprise that there was no thoroughfare. The credit of this ingenious device is shared equally by Greenlanders, Hottentots, Bechuanas, Samoieds, Ojib ways, Algonquins, Laosians, Hindoos, Thibetans, Sia- mese, Chinese, and Fijians. These special openings, or " doors of the dead," are still to be seen in a village near Amsterdam, and they were common to some towns of central Italy, as Perugia and Assisi. A trace of ^the same custom survives in Thüringen, where it is thought that the ghost of a man who had been hanged would return to the house if the body be not taken out by a window instead of the door. The Siamese, not content with carrying the dead man out by a special opening, endeavour to make assurance doubly sure by hurrying him three times round the house at full speed-a pro- ceeding well calculated to bewilder the poor soul in the cdffin. The Araucanian adopt the plan of strewing ashes behind the coffin as it is being borne to the grave, in order that the ghost may not be able to find his way back. The very general practise of closing the eyes of the dead appears to have originated with a similar object ; it was a mode of blindfolding the dead, that he might not see the way by which he was carried to his last home. .RUSSIAN TRANSLATION OF SHAKESPEARE.-MME. Mod jeska, a Continental paper states, has just set to work on a singularly ambitious task-that of.translating the plays of Shakespeare into her native language. She will, doubtless, if she succeeds in accomplishing it, be the first female translator of the great poet. George Sand attempted to adapt "As You Like It" to the French stage, but as she entirely recast the piece, and practically rewrote it, her version cannot be called a translation. The Poles already possess a translation of Shakespeare, but it is .said to be as feeble and wishy washy as the old French version of Letourneur. Mme Modjeska does not underrate the difficulties of the task before her, to which she means to devote several years of her life. 