A IVI ELi NE:. THEO- CONVICT'S BRIDE: A ROMANCE OF ENGLANDl AND AUSTRAtIA FOUNDN ED ON FACT, By YZAoN2V0 :1. DUJI VrAG, AOTnIOOn' 0 , "The SBrothers ? l Secr'et," "AL Lost LIfc," ' "'o-t,? i.loay," . a. S dCIIAPTI'R IV. (Uontinued.) S"Indeed !! ohe exolainemd; with `visible e "Ye,." he continUed:,"I sha'l not see that fair face for.many a long day." "If you are detaining me to repeat compli ments I must leave you,'! she said; "Mine is no common-place gallantry," he answered, ' though you have chosen to treat it as seoh. I love you with,the whole force of' my soul." Yet report says, my lord, that you led a wild lilo in Londo?, "I did. I plunged into dissipation to try to forget yoe." "And you are going away to try the same remedy again?" "Not so, by heaven I My love for you has purified my nature. I will never again do anything that you would disapprove, for -<ILJove - eve aou as muah as :oe hate "Do I really hear aright?" oriod Lord Herbert, seeiing her hand. "Is it possible that you do not spurn me-that you give me hopel" Jeannette withdrew her hand. " I give you no hope," she said. "I only ask you to let me go-to pity me. Farewell I farewal forover I If you have any regard for me, you will grant me one boon--forge ow." "- Forget you 1" he echoed, and was pro. seeding to deolare the utter impossibility of obeying her, but she was gone, speeding toward the hall at a rate that forbade pur. suit, oven it he had attempted to followher flying footsteps. The next day he was on hie way to London with Grave, thenceo to Folkestoneo, and mid. night found them tossing on the heanuel, in company with a number of other travelling' viotime. - "Me led,", said Graves, in an interval of pause from the agonies of sea-sickness, "'ad I hbantioipatod suh' 'orrors as this, I should have presumed to hadvise'going to the Oonti nont by land.'? Poor Graves' geographical knowledge was extremely limited. They earived in Paris at a aritical moment, Louis Phillippe in his dotage had defied the popular will, and a political volcano was on the eve of explosion. Lord Herbert .had toad. the signs of the coming convulsion, but poor Graves, happily ignorant of French, was unaware that the atmosphere was so eleotrical,. He was waiting orders in his master's par lorions evening.. Travelling in' company, the formal intercourse of master and man aSd yielded to something like the familiarity tole. rated on the Continent. "Me lud," said Graves, " there seems to be some kind of a- row going ,on in the streets." "Yes; a very uncommon kind of a row." "A large number of people aresinging some' thinkeor ether." "The Marsellaise." "Hand I pereoive," continued Graves, "a. number of persons with torches hesoorting a cart in which there are bodies. There must 'ave been some kind of a haonident-a 'ouus tumbling down, per'ape." " You are right," replied Lord Herbert "and thebhUding that has fllon,orisfallingl Is the Itoyal hotse of France." "Amazing I"eoxclaimed Graves, not at all followiog his master's drift.., Just then there came a rattling crash idf the distaneed. Graven jumped, "that:beg pardon, moelad; hobut what *a5e "Musoketry." "And that ?" eoreamed the terrified laokey, as a deeper detonation heeook the window panes. . "Oeanon. Load my pistols. We'll go down into the street and take a hand in this row,", " MH led I me lud I" oried theterrified flun., eoy, "if you'd only hoxouse my services on, this hoeeoion." - "Load the piatols, blookhead,".cried Lord \- erbert,' , -Twenty minutes afterwards, "IMilord Ang. lale," warmly welcomed by the fevolutiontste, was fighling on a berricade-for just then he woas a professed liberal-sond Graves, morn dead than alive, loading hib cavalry pistols as fast as his trombling hands would permit .him. " By Jove Il" said Lord Herbert, as he brought down no royal curaesier from his saddle, "this is what I call ' eal Life in Paris.' S OHAPTEIR V.' \-- oneonE .". " " 'theriravle and adventures of Lord Her. Sbert Klnightly during a year, the time allotted to his absence, have no bearing on the move. insent el our nrratite;' and are,.??eordingle ,.;a~' :At irst the tone-of his letters to his mother indicated to that keen-sighted womati that he was, ill at ease, and it was evident that he was seeking all sorts of excitements as an anodyne.for restlessness. Very soon, however, he. wrote in high epirits,.and the countess felt certain that he was radically cured of his fancy for Jeannette. He was presented at various foreign courts, and wrote home long letters about the ladies he met in society,. From Vienna he wrote, !!There are many lovely woman here, but were Lady Fanny Westover at court, she would outshine them all." This opinion was communicated to the English beauty, and she thought "perhaps the man loved me a little after all." Still, on the eve of hie return, the countees thought it best to give Jeannette an indefinite leave of absence, supplying her place in the i Interim. ".I: hope to reeall you very soon, my child,'.'" ead the oount..e, kindly, as the girl was leaving, Lord Herbert reoeived a warm welcome at Elwood Hall. He was the picture of ruddy health. ?Long pedestrian tramps In Switzer. land, boarbhunting in the German forests, boating on the Danube, had developed his muscles and strengthened his constitution. It was a young athlete who grasped the earl's -hand and threw his arm around his mother's waist. The day after his return he hotiaed, ap. parently for the first time, the absenre of Jeannette, and commented on it with the at. most indifference. "Do yon know, mother," he said, with a light laugh,"that I ones thought the girl wasi wonderfully pretty. Seeing the smart French servants, though, spoells one for thi? Engliseh weaists and aakles," gs It the countoee was delighted to find that her boy came back heart-whole the earl was equally pleased when he found that, instead ot overdrawing his account, he had brought back a handsome sum, notwithstanding the extent of his travels and the duration of his absonoe. S"Do you know, father," asid the young .man, ~'tht the example of the foreign no. bility teaches one to economize?. Lavish oo. penditure, with them, is a mark of horrible vulgarity. In France and Germany we try to find how much pleasure we can secure for a little money ; hre, how'tnieh money we can spend on a little pleasure." - One Important chango in Lord Herbert's domestie arrangements had taken place. Mr. Graves had left -his service to accept the place as head-.witer in a Swiss Hotel. His place had been supplied by a French valet Mr. Eugene La- Fleur-a keen, black-eyed fellow, very " sharp and' very polite, speaking three or four languages besides his own, for he had been a travelling courier. ' A few days after Lord Herbert's return he started -off on a little domestic tour, 'after which he was to settle down in London to read law . ,Before he left. thbo hall; hibe father an. nounced to him that he had settled his yearly pllowance for the future, and named a sum so magnificent as to surprise the heir' of Elwood. Soon alter leaving the hall, Lord Herbert gave certain minute instructions to his confi dential valet, and they parted company, the ' young nobleman pursuing his Journey alone in a pot"tohaise, his course lying through the northern countieos. inn in a northern post-town. She was'very plainly dressed but her beauty,as the opposite mirror assured her, stood in need of no ad. ornment. She was evidently expecting some one, for from time to time she consulted a -little Geneva watch which hung at her waist with signs of impatience. At last her keen ear do. tooted a step on the stair, then nearer in the hall; the door was flung open; a young man rushed forward, folded her in his, arms, lissed her cheeks, lips, ind forehead and ex. claimed: - "Jeannette I my own I my darling 1!' "Herbert I my love I my life I" " Is this not a dream'?" cried the happy young man, as he seated himself besilde her and olasped her hands. "You got my letter" - " Iwear it on my heart," she. whispered; and I can repeat every word'of it," " "Andyou consent?" " "I am wholly yours, Herbert. - '!I only ask for one year of seorecy and eo. olusion, At the end of that time I will avow our union in the face of the world, come what may. You are more to -me than .father, mother, fortune, r'ink. I have counted the minutes of my absence," ' Muoh more he said in the same strain, and SJhere was arconvinoing sincerity in 'the tone as well as the words. Lord Herbert Knightly and'- Jeannetto Wilson had corresponded secretly during the whole period of the former's absonoe. His first letter had'reomained unanswered a long time, and expectation had intensified his passion. T' Then her cool, dilatory reply had produced warmer protestations on his pqrt: an offer of marriage, which was rejected; a dispairing rejoinder, and then an acceptance on the part of Jeannetto, provided the offiler was renewed at the expiration of a year.: If, in the interim, he changed his mind, and she continued to implore him to forget her, then she released him from everypledgeandwould return all his letters. He had proved constant to his attachment, and now claimed the result of his fidelity. Jeonnetto had already written to the countess, thanking her for past kindnessees, but deolining'to return to Elwood Hall. This was a sort of tacit confession of an interest in the young heir, which it was her duty to suppress. ,She did not send the counteas her address.--------.. i Lord Herbert was determined to make as. :seuranco doubly nure. He might still bo se. paoteed and watched, and he determined at once to bafle family interference. A 'post. ohaise was at the door, and the young eouple entered it. La Flour had hboon dispatched in advance to secure relays nf horses along the northern road, and joined the pair at the last station on the seouth of the northern English frontier. ' S:The postillions drove as if their employer was pursued, though there was no shadow of danger. - , Lord Herbert did not draw a free breath Iu?til' Carlislo' was left behind, and glad enough was he when they alighted at the blaoeomith's slop in retnea Grecn , then the groat rendervoos of eloping couples. oThe blaokemith had a lioenoe to solemnies mar. riagos, andino prelimintery formalities wers requolite in Scotland. - - - The altar was an envil--tho eomiating 'oriest agcimy son "of -Vulean. - Fortuoately he nevoer elaemod.the privilege of saluting. brides; all he earod forwae the fee. In this case It was liberal. The blacksmith furnished ao ertifirate-the legal marriage- of Herbert ,Knightly and Jeannotto Wilson, andLaFleur endorsed-it as a witness. The bridegroom gave this important document to the keeping no the bride. They left Gretna Green man and wife; and their honeymoon began with deception. le. turning to London by unfrequented roads, they were registered at all theirhaltingplae?s as Captain and lIrs. James Horton, It was no Mrs. nLortoi, and not as Lady -oightly, that the bride took possession o aon. elegant littlo furnished house is St John's Wood, a district in the north- western part of London.. At Srst she was dauzled and delighted with thi elegance of the arhltreratle ber. Lord gr)oMr& lRod gieOy La Yietor carit?bJq,9?.? to furnishing it, and the man's Parisian taste had achieved wonders, Auops nd saddle horse were at her disposal-she had servants at ommncd-sbhe was told she need not economize In her expenditures. But, after all, this was a cage, though- a gilded one. Her husband could eonly visit her by etealth. She could not make acquaeint ancoes-and, indeed, the character of the neighborhood was rather dubious. When she rode in the park she must be closely veiled. She must observe constant preoa. lons. .Though a married woman, see was to lead the life of a cloistered nun. Daring his long weary absences, she could not be certain how her husband was passing his time-what temptations ho might beexposed Still he was here. She loved him person. ally--ahe loved hls rank. A year wouldsoon pass, She would then emerge from obeou. rity and dazzle the world with her beauty, vindicating her right to move among peer. eseee-te be presented at court. Bright dreams, poor little Jeannette I ea And there was a romance in her position after all. To be treated as the fairy of this domestic eetablishmet-rto be petted, loved,' adored-it was rapturous I The honeymoon was prolonged, and for moathse Lord Hert bert did not seem for a single moment to regrot the step he had taken. So the beaoti. ful reulose of St John's Wood Terrace was perfectly happy. C' OHAPTER. V •:I. TROUBLE, Feom the moment when Jeannette broke -Wild Kate at Elwood Hall, she had conceived ae.pasion for equestrian exercise. Every fair day he rode in Hyde Pork, followed at a respectful distance by a mounted groom, Though her hloe was hidcaE with a thick veil, still the elegance of her symmetrical form and the dkrlg style of her riding soon at. tra0ted attention. Dandy guardemen and old dlhbmen began to enquire after the ferail. nit? enigma. The groom was questioned, cash in hPt d, but he was mute as the sphinx. Some dering young men tracked her to St. John'd Wbdd Torrace, and there learned that it was a irs. Morton who it abited. the elegant little birdcage in the ceatre of the block. But the neighboring tradespeople were not communicative about her; all her bille were punctually paid, and that was enough for them. She never made any pur. ohesee pereonaily. Thefair equesetrienne becam the talk of. hotten'dow. Why did she always veil her face I Some said she was deeply pitted with the smail-poxe; othese that she was a colored woman; all sorts of rumore were flying in the air. Even Queen Victoria one day raised her eyeglass to her as sho'passed her in the park. . Sir Lionel Lincoln, of the Carleton, made a bet that he would speak to the Anonymoa,nd even make her lift her veil. Primed with champagne, he rode up to her one day, and accosted her. "A ne'day, madam." ' Jeannette took no notice of his remark,but 'touched her bay mare with the whip. The high-spirited animal bounded forward, but toe insolent cavalier kept at her bridle rein. e glancendround and cw that 's groupof .h aellowdaedice weare watching him?:' One s N ot yeI; 'btq I cn a 9woi he haid o bohe d,te grasit ..l ,3;.i him 'd-" (White with passion Jeannette turned in her saddle and lifting her riding-whip dealt the baronet a severe cut across the face, For one moment her own beautiful coun tenance was revealed. The next instant she had again shrouded it, and was galloping away followed closely by her groom. - She did not intend to mention this occur. anoe to her husband, simply resolving to give up her favorite exercise. Dut the groom im. parted her secret to Lord Herbert, or rather to Captain Morton, as they all called their' employer. 'eYou have been insulted today,. Jean. nctto," said his lordship, "I will avenge youo. 0I have avenged myself, IHerbert. The wretch will carry the mark of my whip for a a fortnight, and I have made him the laugh. legestock of hic follows." "But I must have my revenge," said Lord Herbert, darkly. "No man shall insult my wife and live." . m " "How will ypou compass it ? Areo you ready to acknowledge thatI am your wife ?" "oNot yet; but I can quarrel with him on some other pretonces-ght him--" "Perhape fall and leave, me alone in the world. No, no, Herbert, you love me too well for that. -There is hut one way to. end these difficultie ; present mo to your father Js'your wile; proclaim to the world who and what [am." "You forgot that our oeeret was to be kept for a year." "mI agreed to that, doarest but why not anticipate the avowal'" ' o' "Do not press me," replied Lord Herbert, gloomily. "I am not ready yet." At that:'moment an altercation, was heard in the lower hell, ,and a harsh voice ex. claimed: "I most :and will see the lady of the housoe f "-wi." " 'Let me go down,"esaid Janonette,turning pale. Some importunate beggar; I will soon goetrid of him." . . - "'But the man seems to be insolent.' 'I cean deal with him, dearest; I entreat you to let me manage this." 'She 'ran down stairs.' A shabby rough. looking. man who'had forced hib way past the lasoeyr eeood holding tho servant by the collar. "'. " . : The moment hoeaw Jeannotte, he said, in afamiliar tonee: .. " ' Call your curoff. He pretended that I had no right to enter yor hou tse." "He comese onbuenoes, Geoirge," said Jeannett to thoewoandering servant. You can -leave us," 'She was pale. as death, and es agitated that she could not ?oeak, but ashe beckoned the strange visitor into a side room and mutely invited him to take a seat.. ., "' ou'verkept. yourself confounded-secret ef late, Jeannette." eald the man, seowlingat lier. "Thought you'd throw me off the :scent, ehb 1 .Dt I was standing by the park rail legs this afternoen; and caught a glimpse of •your f?.e while yo.Lwoo heviag a row with your boeau and cutting him emcee the eyes. "-'oe saw me ehastising a villain I" "I saw what I sa?'. Well,,you;seem to be comiortably settled here--qulite thb lady.' A ice henes-- fine elthee--while I-' Lo looked down at hioebhabby garments, end uttered something like a snarl of rage, . S" I was not aware that yocl were in die trees,"' said Jeannette,.who woe' trembling violently. "I em cure I am ready to as ist you," and she placed her purse in his hands. " . ,'I've heard tha parcon say the wages of sin is death," said the man, weighing the puree in his hand and gloating on the guineas that glittered through the silken meshee "but I say that the wages o sin are' une clothes, moat, and drink. Don't you find it so, Joan "I de not undorstand you," answered JDan nette, blushlng scarlet;. '' ' " Why, how do you come by these luxuriese that eurroone you? . What are- yor doing sere 'idlend, I don't edme herb to blame pou, "1 acI hers," ccplied Peandetto,':" beeseus n y h'1csond hcb hcled tiht'ise for- ine, aan 'siirrounded by luxuries booause my haus band is generous! ... "I shoild lik:to'set my eyes upon -that generous chap," said the man,with adrunken laugh. "Very Well, sir, you om do it," said Lord Herbert, onteriog the room. "I am this lady's husband-Captain James Morton." : "My dear brother.in-law," 'said the in. truder, ofiering him a dirty hand; "I am happy tobmake your acqtiaintance." lford Herbert bent an inquiring look on his wife., "" This is 'iy' tler Thodnmas,'! she: said, casting down'her eyes-" the'only relative I' have on earth..' - !" I've had hard'luok, oaptain,"' said- Mr. Thomas 'Wilson,' throwing, himself in. a damask chair; " but I am a gentloman,every inch I" and he olinchedithe assertion with an. oath. '"l'm a jack-of-all- trades, but I never could makeoboth ends meet. As I before re marked, I'm very glad to make your acquaint;. ance, and-and-and wish you many returns of the same happy occasion. For three weeks, my dear esir, I haven't known- where to lay my head; now, I suppose you've got a; ,room sad bed at my'sorvicehere."' , .Lord Harbert signaled to his wife to -leave them alone, and sheguickly withdrew. "There is no room for you, here," said Lord Herbert, firmly.' "Whan I married your sister I was not aware of your existence. When I married your sister, I had no idea of endorsing her family.. This is my house, and I must tell you, sir, that its doors will be shut against you. Why, you can well imagine. You must have been begging money of your sleter,'I-soppose.. ',-;:. . "No. oaptain-.a gentleman cannot con descend to beg;: but she very politely re quested me to accept this trifle," and he held op the well filledpurse Jeannette had given him. " Vety well," said Lord Herbert, "I will 'add to the amount. Here ies' twenty-pound note. Now you are in funds. Get yourself decent clothes, and look out for some honest employment. I see the rock you stumble on is' intemperance. Avoid it. What I give you is burdened with this condition-that you are not to annoy your sister by coming, her. If you violAto the agreement, I shall bsmow how to punish you." VWhile Lord Herbert was speaking Wilson was ecanning him from head to foot, as if imprinting every lineament on his memory. "Very good, captain," he said, at last.' "Hand me over the fimsy-II accept the terms.e' I will never call here-without your permission. I will get- myself a decent rig out, and the rest of the money shall be judiciously invested, - I will do'no discredit to rmy genteel brother-in-law. Sorry my en 'gagements will not permit ?e to stay and take supper with you. My:compliments to my sisterl a Au rsvoir, captain.- We shall 'certainly meet again." " Heaven forbid I" thought ,Lord Herbert: as be bowed the vagabond out of the house. " I have got rid of him," said he, as -ho rejoined his wife. "He will not trouble you again." The name of Thomas Wilson was not again mentioned between them, and Lord Herbert had almost forgotten, him, when, strolling one afternoon through Itegent street, he came upon an individual dressed in the extreme of fashion, with a. glass stuck in his eye and a lavender kid glove on the hand which twirled a little ease,. "Ah I Captain Morton, delighted to meet. .you l!'exolaimed this exquisite, who was no othervthan:Thomae Wilson, ahe extended with ay'iong gnardhtnan, he replied', frees. ingly: "Sir, you are mistaken, I haven't the honor of knowing you." "-Ah I indeed," said Mr Wilson, staring at him through his glass. " Not Captain torton I whom then have I the supreme pleasure in addressing 7" But Lord Herbert 'and his friend had already passed on. ":'Silsng under' false colors, eh ?', thought Wilson. "Not Captain Morton I There's double-dealing here. ' But I'll find out who and what you are, or my name's not Tom, Wilson." And he turned and stealthily followed the young nobleman and his companion. S CHAPTER VII. . THE oAUVE AND TMn n iLTto, M: onths rolled' on. At first: not' a a'ay passed without' Lord Herbert. visiting hie wife. Then came intervals of abseneo, dar.' ing' which he did not even write. Of course Jeannette. inew he was obliged to keep up appearances, to study, to show himself in ooieoty, to 'visit his home. But'then' his manner changed. He was no longer im. -' pastined. ' ' He was often cold and constrained, moody and silent. She. would not think at 'first that he was growing weary of .her, but .by degreestho convistion, forced itself upon her, and preyed upon her very soul. Her cheek grew pale, her eye dim, her beauty cadea. Fatal ohange I for. beauty and tenderness were her only weapons. She lacked the aso. complieshments and the graces which are the birthright of aristocratio ladies, and if her humble charms should desert her, she had no hold on the heart of the man who had. stooped from his high station to wed her. Lord Herbert Knightly had indeed failed in more than one respect. He had broken his plodge to his father not to gamble, and he had again exceeded hie liberal allowance. He had debts and duons. lHis establishment in St. John's Wood Terrace felt the effects of hise ombarraesments. He alleged to Jeannette unfortunate specula tionse as the reason for entailing his domestic expenses, and she cheerfully saw horses and carriages sold, grooms dismissed, and the household reduced to a meagre minimum. But it was hard to have to press her husband for money, to meet the grocer's, -baker's and butcher's bills, She knew there was some. thing wrong, dreaded something fatal. During the first months of .his secret marriage Lord Herbert had avoided sooiety ; now he was at every distinguished ball,' concert, picnic, archery meeting. - Every-' where he meot Lady Fanny Westover. -Since their first acquaintance her bcahty had ripened into something maryollous, and she was followed by a train of ardent admirois. But she distinguished him above all others, -and his marked attentions compromised both. Though he never said anything to Jean. netto about'hirsocial movements, the newon. papsers, suchas thoMorning Po?t, nnd'Court oernal, chronialed them. Thoelfact is, he was.lcading a wild; desperate lifo, regardless of all consequences.. High play and deep drinking divided his nights with theatres, balls, and dinner parties. He betted on the turt with the varying luck of a follower.ot' -fortuno. The earl and the countess both hobamo un. easy about him. They looked on a brilliant marriage as the only means of saving him, and they already treated Lady Fanny West. over as their future daughtcr.in-law. Lord Herbert's attentions to her wore unmistak able. No honorable man could bhe so as. siduous without giving the object of his ted. dresses and the world to undoratand that he lovedher, Yet Lord Herbert never deliberately pur. posed to ropudiato his marriage with Joan. ncto.t He oeven, pressed by his father to isettle 'in life, meditatoed precipitating an avowal, and braving all the consequnooes, though his 5rmb love had lung since grown ; old, - ': ' - He had, long, been absent from 'his chambers in the temple, and left no address, and therefore was without news from his wife ;but one night he thought he would pay her a visit. There were reasonsewhy he should not have been a single. day away from her side, but his heart was now steeled, and hehad ignored those reasons. The servant who opened the door said not a word to him. He passed up into the draw ing-room, found it empty, and then into the chamber overhead. Jeannette was lying on the bed; beside her a new-born infant. An old nurse, who was present, rose and left the room. "Ah I you have come at last, Herbertl" said Jeannotte, in a faint voice. !'I was; afraid you would come too late." Lord Herbert leaned over and kinscd the` white faoo. Heo was onsieoas.etrikesn. "Our child-our baby-daughter I" 'eon.: tinued the wife, inclining her head towards the little pink face, on the pillow. "You' will'take care of her-when-I am gone.' "What do you meanl' cried Lord Her. bert, bending.over the couch. "Are you not: doing well?" '." !I-am-dying;" murmured thb poor woman. "Hush I Herbert. 'It is Heaven'd deeooree. The child- call her Carmeline-it is a fancy of mine. You will not balk my lest wish-will you, darling?" . !' Jelanette-dearest-live I--live for' my sake-for our child's. I will acknowledge you as my wife to-morrow---you have the proof 1" ".Here I" she said, touching the bosom of her dress. Then she. added: *"Give me your hand, dearest." He took her hand ;.It.was already cold, but the fingers pressed his slightly., He was not made of steel-lhe was.a. man, add his tears dropped likerain upon the poor; thin White hand..- . , " Do not:weep, dearest," murmured his wife. " Believo me it is better thus. Kiss me l- Now good-night I Baby-do not forget." With a wild cry :he wrenched his hand from the:tightened grasp. He gazed in his wife's face-it was the face of death. Long he'eat there in the darkened chamber. After the.first 'burst of human, passionate ,grief,: an awe (fell upon him. Then there' came a harder feeling, for dissipation, debt, 'distress, hadsteeled is heart. !! Btter thus." he muttered. " It was she who said it. Better to die than to outlive love.', And she .is dead. -That yellow waxen figurewas once .my poor bright Jeannette I What a soul she had I' But is 'all over now. :I am free 1, She died just ini time.' He . had the. nerve, 'that permatnrely hardened man, to fumble in her dress, 'and take' forth: the certflioate of marriage. - It was the little: sleeping baby's biithright, andi he was robbing both the living anit the' dead. As ho rcmoved the paper, it seemed as if a frown passed over the face of the corpse, but it was only the wavering of the wax light that. produced the effect. Lord Herbert 'opeiod the paper and made. aure that it was genuine. Then he held it in the flame of the candle till the laet inoh 'was burnt to' ashes.' The blaze scorchd his fingers,- but he did not feel the pain. " Goodoevening, my lord I" - said a man's voice, that 'ounded like thunder in the hush, of the death.ohambor." ' " Why do you call me my lordl'! asked Herbert, trning on Thomas Wilson: "Because it is respectful, Lord Herbert nightly," answeed the man,.. . - 'i "Are'you aware w'hom you areaddreessing, sir ?" . "Perfectly. 'I am speaking to Lord Her bert Knightly, my sister's husband." "Prove what you say." "It is very easy to prove your'identity." !' But the marriage ?" Wilson looked blank. " You do not deny thaP you were married to yonder dead mother?" "I do deny it, and I challenge you to produce. contrary evidence." -"You do not deny that your arei the father of that child, my lord " ' " I do not deny that."' "And you proposq to 'abandon the: in. font ?" ' ' "I' propose to do no such thing. Hear me.; I have a proposition to make to you. 'You are needy-so, for the present, am I. But I can command money, when I 'strain a nerve. Herearo a hundred pounds for the funeral expenses of your unfortunate sister. As for the child, I offer you five thousand pounds' sterling, to take oharge of it-to adopt and roar it as your own. If you will call at my chambers to.morrow at noon, ,I will'satisfy you as to the payment. :I give you 'fiv minutes to consideor the proposition. Reject it, and I will make an arrangement' with a stranger.' ' Thomas Wilson did not need five minutes to consider. He aoepted. The nobleman' and .adventurer ratified, the' bargain . by clasping hands over the bed of death. From that moment Lord Herbert did not cast one look upon the face of his dead wife, her whose fair 'name he had slandered for the sake of her own brother. Without a look' at the bod where the silent form of her he had loved lay, he left the room and stole out of the house of death. "To the Carleton I" he ordered almost foiercely, ano he srang into his cab He was in feull evening dress, lavender kids on his hands, a nosegay in his. button.hole. Ho was engaged for a ball at a duhoess? that ovening, and he meant'to keep his appoint. ment. But first he must have brandy. rHe drank so deep that one of.his acquaintances stood aghast at his 'recklessness, and rii. monstrated. " Mind your own aff[ira, Westley," re.I torted Lord Herbert; " I an take care of He wa 'ascool, alpparently; as itfhe-had swallowed so much water' only the guests at theduohess' noticed that he was in unuseually high spirits. Lady Fanny Westover was his partner in a quadrille. He hung over her after he had conducted' her to' her seat, where.'n 'old dowager, 'her chaperon, was. waiting for her. , h"emember, you are mine for the waltz," he whispered. ."To- night I :monopolize you." ..- ' The orehestra soon struck up thesymphony of one of Lannier's wildest, most maddening waltzes. "This is something like lifel" he'whis. pred, asehohungon hisehoulder, and the pace became fast and furious,s as a tunrman would say. . "For what is life itself but one long, wild,whirling waltz ? When we have done spining, we sink into the 8grave-don't you see?" r "You talkvery strangely to.night', ipanted Lady Fanny, ' " 1 DpoI ?'that in because I am in such high spirits. Youknow Ilove you, and now that I feel the pressure of your hand, your per. fumed breath upon my chook, I am in Para' dise. Are eJoU happy ?" "Yes," was the murmured reply. \- uddenly the musio stopped. They were alone upon the floor. As he led her to her seat he pressed her hand, and the pressure was returned. ' '"Mine ?" he asked, bending down to catch the reply. "Y ours wholly,, .was the answer, distinlct, theoghiow. The ae epted suitor of Lady F6anny Weal. overi And what about the unburled woman thatlay at that moment on the little white bed in St, John's WVeood? .Why did that still 'faoe rise among the blooming cheeks, and the fair forms and.tho glittering diamond, and "as:lights of ihtb duchess' bU:in B0OlgavtjR i Why? Why l. Th?ae was no aooounting lo' Boh things; but it was possible to drown a ghost in waves of ohampagne qnd, B gnidy. So L~ord Herbert drank, but ould not forget. Two weeks afterwars ther waAs an asrtoeoro tie marriag at St. Georgtib', Hanover equate, duly chronicled by Jenkins o the morning Post, and the bridegroom was Lord Herbert Knightly; the beide, Lady Fanny We tover. The " happy eouple departed immediately after. the wedding breahfat, for an extenaive tour on the O0ntlnent. - "Happy? 01course they were. *CHAPTER VI. ' TIIO D01.00LUU OT'TITB.OEOnOGO , 'Yoea have rolled by; Howhas Thomas Wilson performed his duties to hls sister'?"' Schild?-dties he was liberally paid'to petr form. A few words-will tell that story. vWhen Wilson. amento possession of thea ?iflrethobsandd ponds--- little fortund-he reanlly planed 'urnind vor a newleals H p tthe child out to a n ers in the eorutry, and the woman who kept her iot a ew years reared her well, and treated her not n. kindly. 'In the meanwhile Wilson leased a smell poblio hbnse, the George Inn, in the town of Warwiomehire, and tot some years did a rosperous busineas. His own irregalae abit were a drawbak'to the prosperity o the estobltshment, but then his hsosekeepet -an old, one-eyed widow, Mrs. Brinton--by her sharp management, rather more than made both ends meet. Wilson gave himself out as a widower, and spoko a ohis daughter Carmeline. At. the George Inn the mail- ooabh stopped to change hores, and wagoners put up or the night ; b hut that trade was soon mined by a branch railroad that was ran through the town, Sa that finally the oncern depended principally upon the patronage 6f the village topers. When matters came to this pass, Wilson thought obringinghome little Oarmeline and making her. useftl, child as she was. He had a right of pasturage for a eouple'of cows and some sheep, and her services in Staking care ol them would cost him only; her bad.and ahostd. ,One day, accordingly, when she Was about eight years old, he drove out to the village . where she lived, and tqolk her away from he fostrmther. e. It was a cruel parting, for the woman and child .loved each other! dearly. (ToIbe cb<;i,;terrfd.) HO0W THE -WOMEN WENT TO DOVER-1662. The tossing spray of Cocheco's fall Hardened toice onits rocky wall, . : As through Dover town, in the chill, gray dawn Three women passed, at the cart tail drawn I, By the meeting house in Salisbury town ' The sufferers stood, in th rel sundown, Dare for the lash 1 0, pitying Night, Drop swift thy curtain and hide tiec sight I With shame in his eye and wrath on his lip, The Salisbury constable dropped his whip. " Thiswanrrant means murder foul and red ; Cursed is he who serves it," he said.-.: .: . S"Show me the order, and meanwhile strike' I A blow at yotirperil I'-r - said Justice Pike. Of all the nrlers:thle land poslessed,:i ' Wisest and.bohldcst was he, and best.'' " ' 9a Ivi c crae 5itpinesC r-tei:e . aedLki 'n n ;n"hitee t ahe'set': i Beyond his old age, standing upright, u ''rig Soul-free, with hIs face to the morning liglit; , IHe read the warrant : "These convey , , From our precincts; at every town on the way Give each ten lashes I" ." God judge the brute I tread his -order under my foot. " Cut loose these poor ones ind let them go; Come what will of it, all men shall know No 'warrant is good, though backed by the L Crown, ', For whipping women in Salisbury town I" The'hlcarts of the villagers, half released From creed of terror and rule of priest, By a primal instinct owned the right Of human pity in law's despite. For ruth and chivalry only slept - His Saxon manhood tihe yeeoman kept ; Quicker or slower, the same blood ran In the Cavalier and the Puritan. The Quakers sank on tlleir knees in praise And thanks. Alast low sunset blaze - Flashed out from under a cloud, and shied A golden glory on each bowed head. The tale is one of an evil time, When souls were fetcred, and thoughte was crime, And heresy's whisper above its breath Mcant shameful scourging and bonds mnd death 'What marvel, that hunted and sorely tried, Even-woman rebueed andl prophesied. And soft words rarely answered black The grim persuasion of whip and mack I If her cry from the whipping post and jaill Pierced sharp as the Kenilte s driven nails., 0 woman at ease in these happier daysi Forbear tojudge of thy sister's ways I I-low much thy beautiful life may owe To her faith and courage thou canst not know *Nor how Irom the pJaths of thy calm retreat.' She smoothed tile thorns with her bleeding feet. . , -.Jolhn G" 1Whittier in Atlanticdonthly 