CHAPTER VI. I AM CODDED. Received wilh formal cordiality by my aunt and ber family, I eat down to the break fast, which they were careful to inform me they had delayed npon my account. After this I was shown to my room, a ghostly apartment, fairly ■ furnished, however, and looking out npon the Cathedral yard. It was now nine o'clock, and I hastened to sohool, the duties of whioh had already commenced ere I arrived. The little dootor looked somewhat shame? faced as I saluted him, but as I was careful to preserve the utmost respect in my demeanour towards him he soon became at ease, and questioned me ep to my acquire menta. He told me that I must oommenoe forthwith the study of the olaseies, concern ing, the value of which he was most enthuai “ The modern languages my dear boy,” said he, “ comp afterwards. The basis of an elegent education are the classics. As for Frenoh, he addad, with a faint smile, “ I am afraid you know more than I can teach With this he handed me my books and con ducted me to my class desk at the lower end of the largo hall which served for the school room. I was mortified to find that my elass mates were in all cases my superiors, and deter mined to do my ntmost to acquire the position held for the most part by thoBe of my own age. Filled with this resolution, I conquered my curiosity in respect to my Bohool-fcllows, and set to work with a will to master the initiative steps of Cresar’a Commentaries. Uy memory waB excellent, and as I possessed (and still possess) a superior faculty for con centrating my thought and energies upon any j snbjeot which I took in hand, I was quite ready with toy lesson when the olass was called up. The Doctor was very pleased. “I see, I see,” said he, “ you and I will get tlong together,” and he patted my head. At twelve o'clock tbs work ceased for two hours and we we were released. With a rush the boys *passcd into the play-ground whither I followed them. I wa3 instantly sur rounded. “ How old areyou, yokel,” asked a big hulk ing fellow with the visage of a cowboy. “ What’s you dad ginger,” inquired another referring to the auburn tint of my hair. “ Let us oob him. Fine or cob, fine or cob, and the cry was taken up as half a dozen of the bigger boys seized me and threw me on the ground. “ Now new boy, said the big fellow to whom I have referred, as he proceeded, in common with others to tie hard nots in his hand kerchief. “ It is the custom of this school to initiate every comer into the mysteries and ceremonies of the guild. Ton have the option of baying off, you know,” and he stood ever me ready to strike. I was furious, and Betting my teeth swore that I would have a mighty revenge. “ Torn him on his face lads,” cried the big fellow, and in a trice I was set with my face to the gravel. Then at a given signal, each boy struok me with his pooket handkerohief, chanting the while.' “ New boy, new boy, why has he come to us ? Cob him, cob him, pugnis ct calcibus. 80 he’ll learn, so he’ll learn docendo decimu»\ Let him know, that we rule, propria qua man• It waB with the greatest difficulty that I controlled my cries, far the pain was intense. At last, however, my flogging ceaeed and my captors sprang aside. I leaped to my feet, and without more ado walked up to the big bully who was the ringleader in my torture, and struck him with my best strength straight between the eyes. For my age, I was very powerful and in this case rage and pain lent me added force. The bully dropped upon the ground, stunned and ineensible. “ Now,” said I as I brushed the dust from my clothing, “ you fellows have got hold of the wrong pig by the ear this time. I’ll thrash you one by one before a month is out,” and with this I walked off. As I left I turned my head to observe that my bully bad arisen and waB being supported into the house by some of his oomraaeB. “ Well Master Abberton,” said the Reverend Mr. Porter as we sat down to luncheon, “ and how did you get on to-day. “ Very fairly," I answered, as I disposed of a slice of ham. “Sir, I bad to thrash one .ffiriljr, and, I supp_oee will have to deal with My annjt looked at me, eghast. “I’m afraid little boy (she used this phrase to take me down a peg) that your disposition for fighting will bring you into trouble. Ton had. not been in Exeter an hour ere you blackened Barnaby’s eyes, so that he is now unpresentable." “ I fancy," said I, “ that my friend the bully is in a similar fix by this time. The faot is madam, I do not choose to bo insulted or imposed upon.” “ In your journey through life,” remarked the reverend Mr. Porter, sententiously, you will find, I think, that you must put up with many insults, many impositions. •*I don’t think I shall,” I nnswored, “ qnless indeed it should be expedient to do so. May I trouble you for another Blice of ham.” I saw the girls glance at each other, as the reverend Mr. Porter, first staring incredulously at ms, proceeded to cut me a minuto slice of “Thanks” said I, “another slice please. School work makes a fellow hungry." The ghost of a grave smile was to be seen for a moment upon the High Church butler’s countenance, bb he handed me my plate; and I was not displeased to note that Lilian the youngest and fairest' of my cousins, was entertained by my cool and audacious manner. As for my aunt she stared at me haughtily. I met her gaze. “ What is it madam," I asked. “ I was thinking, little boy,” she answered with a frown, “ that nowadays ohildren are wonderfully impudent." “You are right, madam,” I answered, “ though why the thought Bhould have caused you to Btare so at me, I do not understand.” “ Then yon have less wit than I give you credit for," she replied. “Possibly, madam,” was my answer, “I doubt not however, that my residence here will serve to sharpen. it. But as to. your judicious observation concerning the impu dence of the modem boy, I quite agree with you. He is an audacious young cub. But have you not considered, my dear lady, that the cause of his impudence may be traced to his natural rebellion.against the tyranny of hiB elders. Positively it is so. The modern boy objeots to be snubbed. In his revolt he perhaps goes to extremes, and so snubs those who snub him. It is a mere matter of retaliation.” It is impossible to convey any idea of the expression of the reverend Mr. Porter's face as I delivered this little address. Always heavy and stupid of aspeot, his visage no w ex pressed the utter bewilderment and conster nation of its owner. He eet down his knife and fork and gazed at me. As for my aunt, her frown grew darker asshe sharply rejoined, “Youtalk too much, Sir, for a little boy. Children ebould listen, not speak.” “ Nay,” I laughed, “ my tongue must wag. And I suppose, aunt, that I am an impudent fellow. The Spanish saying doubtless ap plies to me: “Poea barba poca virgutnza," and I drank my small beer with an air. •f And what may that mean young Sir,” said my reverend host, at last finding his'' tongue. “Little beard little shame,” I laughed,.aB I glanced at Lilian, whose blue eyes were danoingi “ Then," said my aunt venomously, “ the sooner your beard grows the better for your modesty.” And with this Parthian shot she arose. I flew to the door, opened it, and as she passed out bowed to the ground. It was evident that our relations were soarcely of a peaceful character. When she had gone with her brood, the reverend Mr. Porter called mo to him. “Have a glass of wine my boy,” said he. “And I like you none the less for your iiqpudenoe,” and the reverend gentleman chucked. “ To tell you the truth,” he added, “you are the first.who has ever had the courage to tackle her. It seemB a strange thing for the master of the house to say, Master Abberton, but the fact is my wife is a trifle overbearing. In short, I don’t like her temper.” “Andso," I laughed, “you rather enjoy the spectacle of another’s rebellion against the kitty's eccentricities.” (Xo lt etntiimii) ' 