PORT EL' .A.'D IN THiE . . . OLDEN ,',TIME. No. IV. Great works has been going on ddirins the week ending July 15, 1843, with the Leviathans. We are' informed-" We have been unable to record circumstanti ally two escounters that have taken place during the week in our bay, between the "Leviathans of the Saas' and the 'Lords of 'the ,Creation,' who gave them battle.:' The restlt has been,' however, that reason has : roved itself superior to instinct under Very disadvantageous circumstances, and botih affairs have ended in raising' the inimes of Robinson anid Conner in their re?spectie parties, and certainlty increase the supply of oil in the British market to the benefit of Portland in a very short time. The following is the record for the, week :-Henty'sparty- Casght by Robin. son, 2 fish; Caught by Wales, 1 fish; Caught by Dutton, 2 fish. Total, 5 Griffiths' party-Caught by Smth, 1 fish ; Caught by Stevenson, 2 fish. Total, 3. Garrat's party-Caught by Conner, 2 fish. Here were ten' leviathans' captured in one week, suffieen', I think,' to .let us know what sort of stuff the whalers of old Portland were made of. The difficulties that editors of news papers labour under, in their endeavours to please their constituents,' are capitally described mn :poem in this ,number. There is nothing to indicate its being of local: origin. TRYING TO PLEASE EVERYBODY. HsINT TO EDITORS. :One reader cries your strain's too grave, Too much morality you have ;Too much about religion ; Give me some witch and wizard tales, Of slip-shod ghosts with fins and scales, And feathered like a pigeon. I love to read, anolise c'ries, Those monstrous, fashionable lies In other words, those novels Composed of Iings, and priests and lords, Of border wars, and gothic hordes That used to live in hovels. No, Not cries one, we've 'had enough Of such confounded love-sick stuff To craze the fair creation; Give us some recent foreign news Of Russians, Turks, end Poles, and Jews, Or any other nation. The men of dull scholastic lore Would like to see a little more .Of first rate scraps of Latin; !.r I The grocer fain would learn the price Of tea and sugar, fruit and rice;. The draper; silk and satin. Another cries I want more fan A' witty anecdote or pun, A rebus or a riddle; Some wish for Parliamentary news,; And some, perhaps, of wiser views, Would rather have a fiddle. The critic, too, of classic skill, Must dip in gall his gander quill, And scrawlragainst the paper; . Of all the literary fools Bred In our colleges and schools, He cuts the greatest caper. 4.aother cries I want to see Ajumbled up variety-' Variety in all things; . A. miscellaneous hodge-podge print 'Composed (I only give the hint) Of multifarious small things.. I want some marriage news, says Miss, It constitutes my highest bliss " To hear of weddings plerty ; For in a time of general rair None suffer from a drought, 'tis plain At least not one in twenty. I want to hear of deaths, says one, Of people totally undone By losses, fire, and fever; Another answers, full as wise, I'd rather have the fall'and rise Of racoon, skins, and beaver. Some signify a secret wish For now and then a favourite dish. Of politics to please them: But here we rest at perfect ease, For should'they swear the moon wsecheese, We never should confute them. 'Or grave, or humotoas, wild or tame, Lofty or lows-'tis all the same To hanughty or to humble; So, brothbe editors pursue The path that seemeth beit to you, And let the'grdhblers'grtiuble ' It would appear from a short paragraph in this number of, the .Guardian. that although Mr.: David Blair in his history says " That when the lands of this locality were afterwards disposed of Mr. Henty and his family acquired no advantage over others," the following, headed "Heuty's Claims," would lead us to. suppose that some coneessions were made in their fiavour:-" The claims of Messrs. Henty, which have been so bong pending, are at last determined in their favour, and they have, we hear, the option of purchasing certaio town blocks at opsei pricc; and their country portions at ,2 per acre. V'We are further informed ',By the over land mail from Melbourne we have received the gratifying intelligence that the Govern ment has resolved on offering for sale forty allotments of sixty acres each at Meaount Clay, situate about 12 miles from Port land. The land is reported as being of the very bcest kind, and has scenery of the Bnest description, and, moreover, is lightly timbered." Even blackfellows in those days do not appear to have enjoyed an immunity from the "venomed tongue of slander." One of the native police had been accused of maliciously maiming a cow with a toma hawk; but we are assured that the maliciousness is in the story, and that the sable guardian of the peace was innocent of the offence imputed to him. In the following number of the Guar dian there is a sub-leader wlhich confirms the justice and truthfulness of MJr. David Blair's strictures on the conduct of the Colonial Government with reference to the claims of the MIessrs. Hlentv. It is as follows:-" We are sorry to hear that the claims of the Messrs. IIenty, to which we hastily alluded in our last number, are not likely to be settled so soon as we then expected. The delay must be nlojurious to the prosperity of 1'oitland. There is too niuuh land in dispute in the township to admit of its adequate extension until the claims upon certain parts are finally settled. Sir George, Gipps has made a sad blunder in oieing out for sale a town. ship, to the lands of wlich the Govtr. ment had nnt a clear title, nod in selling lands without fully and satisfactorily ascertaining the nature of the claims of those he found in possession. His Excel lency has already been rebuked by the Home Government, and yet he proceeds in his hull-headed policy of attempting to resist ela;ms which his superiors in office have broadly hinted he ought not to dis pute.: What will His Excellency do sup. Posing that he adheres to the terms he has proposed to the Messrs. Henry ? He must do one of the two things-be mass either sell land in the township which the Colonial Government has not a clear title to, or otherwise refusa tt.e sale of town ship land altogether, and thereby restrain the advanaee of the town and district. Neither way is safe and honorable for him to pursue. Let His Excellency act in either way he must be wrong; he has fixed himself between the horus of a dilemma; from which escape is impossible otherwise than by treating his officers, to,whom he has referred the matter, as though they possessed understandings, and his own instructions as though he were capableh" of giving. them without their being understood. What a chance for the Messrs. lleasty to purchase land at double the price Goaernment will ask asybody else I How astonishingly benevolent in Sir George Giipsp to allow these gentlemen to purchase land to which they have a strong claim for £toopr acreson an infant town ship, when Mr. Atkins has purchased a whole township on tile coast, and but a few miles from Portland, for £i per acre I Sir George has acted as supremely ridien. lous, as - his worst enemies could hare .wished himi; and wsi know tot by what 'rethod lie can escale'- the` disgtpcaful odium he must fall into with the Imperial Ministry ?ut by submiisioti to;ite decision of his own officers. The treatment Sir George's own officers have met with, from the'council minutes, is a beautiful speci men of the consistency of Hieixeaellency'a Government in appoitting a commission aid.th?n setting its judgment aside." 'In' the shipping tstelligence in this iumber I find in the list of passengers who arrived in the schooner Mlineras, Captain Fawthrop, the name of Mrs. Datton., I have not the least doubt hut this'is the Mrs. Dutton, or Mrs. Bell, for I believe she married a second time, that death claimed for, his own a short itime" back, and who at the time of her death was an outidoor pensioner. on our Benevolent Asylum, ;nd who, moreover, was in 1843 wife of the man whosg":pme: appears so often in this first volume of the Porftqnd Guardian as the most successful of those whose daily avocation'itwas to?battle with the " leviatmans of the deep." ;But Dutton has a bighei claimi to historical'cntisiderac tion than his prowe gas ga irhaler; he was. one of the pioneers of the towni possibly he rod oar shores before Edward .Heity him-' self, andsomethingought to be donetokeep the memory of the man from dying out alto gether.; Thye Guardian a short time back suggested that the ttownship where he for a long time lived should bear his 'name a most inexpensive memorial of the man, and one I hope to 'see shortly carried out. Even in these' early tjmes, small as Portland was, it seems it could not sp-. port all the people who were in it, for I real in this number-" That a few of our tradesmen are retiring into thebush, in consequence of their expenses.: being too' great for their support in the town." In turning 'their 'attention to rural pursuits they will certainly be more' usefully em ployed than remaining without full em ployment in the town, and they will there by' be amuch': more - likely ' to :benefit' themselves and others by the step they are taking." This suggests the thought was living in Portland expensive at that time ? On turning to' the column headed "Port land Prices Currrent" I find thatin the" re tat Iprtces" butter (fresh) was _s per lb, potted Is 9d per lb; cheese, re 3d per lb; bread, as the 41b. loaf; flour, L£ 2s per too lbs; beef, 5d per lb; mutton 4d per lb; potatoes,9gts per ton; tea, 3s per lb. So'I think that we may infer that it cost mote to live in Portland 43 years ago than it does now. It likewise appears that the exportation of Mimosa bark from thd colony was assuming extensive pro portions, se'prpl ships having sailed from Pdrt Phittip laden with bark, salt beef, horns, hides, and other colonial produce, but without a single bale of wool. I have already given an account of the stranding of the brig Diana, its purchase by MAr. Henty, and the -ecce;sftl attempt at getting it afloat. But trouble of the direst kind 'very nearly arose out of this maritime diaster-nothing less than a duel between the EG?itor of the Guardian's con temporary, the Mercury, and g butcher. This is how the Editor of the fMercury tells the story.-" On the night of Mon day, the 3rd inst,, a brig ran ashore in our harbor, and a great concourse of people assembled on the beach, where they re mained for a considerable time. The night having been extremely wet and boisterous, .everal, and I amongst the number, adjourned to en ins coorenient for the purpose of obtaining some refresh ment. I, as Editor of one of the local journals, Portland AIercury, had incurred the displeaarae of a gentieman, the pro prietbr of a butoehering establishment, on account of my having in my official capacityexposed what I conceived to be exorbitant charges for meat sold in the township, and during. conversation on tlhe tuhject the dispute ran so high.as to end in an exchange of cards, and a duel would hare been the consequence had not the police interfered on the ground." It could hardly bh expected that where rival feelings ran so high as they were doing at the time between the Guardian and the Mercury that this could pass unnoticed, and accordingly we have a satirical account in the Portlond Guardroan of the affair, under the title " Panorama." Here the belligerents are made to figure under the nameof Great A. and Little A., sod the warlike Editor and sangoinary minded proprietor of the butchering estab lishment represented as having quarrelled osera pot of porter. and that after cards were exchanged lad the challenge given and accepted, the hbations to the rosy god were prolonged till daybreak; then each of the combatants is msde to retire, as well as they could, to their respective homes to take tender farewells of their wives and familie, and when, at the last moment, they stood face to face wth tihe life destroying weapons in their recabling hands, tihe police opportunely appear on the scene, and bloodshed is arertel. 