Our Loudon letter. ; (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) . , : LONDON, June 4. "tfUftiTLTS OF THE GENERAL ELECTION. Mr. Gladstone'B name ; is stilt a power to oonjure With, and tho dofeotion of Hodge last year, who went over . in a body, to 'the Liberals, deserting nia bottera,?' to whom, the cateohiBm had tanght him to be " lowly and reverent," and snapping his fingers, at the, polling booth, at his " spiritual pastors and teaohers," all make a political forecast difficult in the extremo; The question really lies between such a Btate of things- at Weat munster as blocks all legislation on English affairs, and keeps Ireland, in perpetual ferment and disorder, murder, : outrage,/ , and sedition, rife-or something in tho shape of autonomy, whian will- serve as a sop to the Nationalists, at least for some few. years to come. Tho position of Ulster^ of course, immensely complicates the problem. To give Ulster a separate autonomy would be to out adrift from the roRt of the country its- only rich province, and leave the Nationalist Parliament in a state of chronic beggary. It relies for its exohequer on Ulster. Ulster iB.its taxing ground, and.Ulster can. ¡be made to revive, by suoh taxation, the decayed in-, dnstries of the reBt of - Ireland, over which the, . Nationaliste make Buch lament. But enough of home, rpolitioa, for this, week at any rate. . ;. ?. THE BEAPPEAAÀNCB OF THE QUEEN ' ; -in public after ao many years, of seclusion haa! ¿awakened in all classes of society a sentiment which, ahowed how deeply the Queen, who has been , personally so much- a. stranger,'to all' classes Of her subjects, still lives in their affeotions.1 ' This, may, perhaps, be in deference to àôme extent to the suggestion of her Ministers Ï but I am rather inclined to think that the change is due rather to the spontaneous action of the Queen' herself, who desires in this way . to show her sym pathy with, and affection for, her people in hör -jubilee yoar. Nothing will be more gratifying to colonists all over the world than tho warm interest " taken by her Majesty in the Colonial and Indian Ex hibition, to which she pays long and frequent visits, and evinces the most lively interest in all she Bees, asking many questions, and making hero . and there , purchases of what . takes "her royal fancy. Nothing can surpass tho boauty and completeness of this exhibition, which are only equalled by its immense popularity. On Borne daya, I observed by a reoord kept in the_ vesti bule, that as many as twenty-five thousand;visitors passed the turnstiles in one day,, and our beautiful New South Walea Court proves certainly one of the chief attractions, though at my last visit tho expected consignment of silver in ingots had not arrived, lt 'is unfortunate that this has been delayed solong. Nothing impresses John Bull and his wife BO muoh as solid gold and Bilver and precious stonoB. He gloats over the Victorian nuggets and the Cape Colony dia monds, and the rioh silver mines of N. S. Walea ought to have been represented by something moro attrao tivo than bloolrs of argentiferous rook, which are caviare to tho genoral public. The grounds aro just now in exquisite beauty. The pink and white chest nuts, tho May, the laburnums, to say nothing of the blaze of budding plants, make the scene look like fairyland, especially when toward nightfall the gardens are brilliantly lighted with variegated lamps, and tho splendid military bands are discours ing their muBio. Our great annual race on Epsom Bowns, though favored with glorious weather, and attended aBit deserved to be by countless thousands of holiday makers, was more interesting as a picnic than a race; Both tho Derby and Oaks winnerB, Ormonde and Miss Jummy, were almost foregone conclusions. Ormonde is a grand horse, and if ho keeps right, has the Leger at his mercy, and will he crowned with tho highest honors a horse can hope to attain to. This is tho third time the Buke of West minster ha? won the Blue Biband of tho turf, and 'everyone rejoices that suoh marvellous good'luck: Bhould have fallen to ono of tho .most excellent and' deservedly popular noblemen of the day. It is a far ory from Epsom races to ; THE SALVATION ARMY,: j who are just now making a tremendous stir in Lon don with an International Congress. Passing Exeter, Hall i got wodged in among a solid mass of " sis ters," with a sprinkling of "brothors,'' and. had to thank my broad shoulders and the vis inartiae of I had rather not say how many Btone to push my way through the crowd which blocked opposite Exeter Hall, the main thoroughfare of tho Strand. Before I take a hasty glance at affairs in Europe generally, I should mention the publication,, this week, of tho hew book by the young Princes, Albert Victor and George of Wales, entitled ;, THE CRUISE OF THE BACCHANTE. It will bo in tho recollection of all your readers that three or four years ago these young midshipmen took a trip round tho world in H.M.S. Baoohante, visiting, among other plaoes in Australia, Sydney. I have only been able to give, the moBt hasty glanoe tosthe book, whioh is but just out, but I am suro that the expressions of admiration, and surprise. UBed by tíie young princes, who, by the way,, were known among their messmates aa ,. , "SPRAT" AND "HERRING," ' as to tho glories of Australia, will delight all loyal colonists. I may. be.pardonod, perhaps^ if I consider that a fow extracts may be moro interesting to your readers than the perennial words of wisdom and knowledge whioh distil from my too familiar pen. Tho volumes, two handsome ootavos, are edited and occasionally annotated by the Rev. J. Neale Dalton, M.A., the young princes' ohaplain, who accompanied them; but tho work is practically the young princos' own, being a transcript of the diaries which they kept on the long cruise, oxtending, if I remember, from 1879 to 1882, and whioh they were compelled by .tho desire of their father, the. Prince of Walea, to write up every night before they turned in. It waa hia intention to give his sona a mental and moral training-an ond whioh could not have been accom plished otherwise than by requiring them, whilo see ing all that was best worth seeing in the world, and : espeoially in tho British colonies, to "rough it " like the rest of their shipmates. Says Mr. Dalton : " Aa long as they wero "on board ship tho princes were treated exaotly as the other midshipmen, and per formed all the duties which usually fall to their lot ; they took their turn in all weathors, by day or night, at watching or going aloft, at sail drill or boat duty. Thero was no difference, not even the slightest of any sort or kind, made between them and their gunroom xneasmatoB," At Barbados they rooord a characteristic Sunday experienoo on board ship : ' Por our morning serviao tho Bishop of Barbados came off and preaohed a oompaot and rousing littlo sermon on St. Paul's : M keep under my body and bring it into subjection.' He Bpoko in a most pug» naoiouB manner of ' hitting under the eye,' and * bul ? lying ' tho flesh by self-restraint, temperance, and «elf-denial. The men were very attentive as he stood- ap and spoke to them on tho main dook for twonty minutes without note or hook." Sailmganidway' between St. Lucia and Martinique, tho Princes observe with pardonable enthusiasm : "Wo should bo less than Englishmen, less than moa, if.we did not feel a thrill of pride while sailing hore. It was in these waters that Rodney, on the glorious 12th of April, 1782, when he heard that the JFrenoh had,-at last, como out from Port Royal Bay at Martinique to meet their expected reinforcements, broke Count de Grasse'B line (tenoning thereby Nel son to do tho same in like case), took and doBtroyed seven French shipB, and scattered- thft rest, prevented tho Prenoh.fleet from- joining the Spaniards at St. Domingo-thus saving Jamaica, Barbados, and the wholo Wost Indios, and brought about by that single tremendous blow tho . honorable peace of 1783. Tile battle bogan at 7 a.m. and lastod till 6.30 p.m. .The loee- of the English ¡ was 261 killed and 847 wounded ¡ tho Prench loss | was 14,000 taken or killed, and of these 5400 were French troops. On what a scene of crippled and sinking, shattered arid triumphant Bhips in this very aea must-the conqueror hare looked round, from the Pormidable's poop l! . , And it is not yet a hundred years since all this was done. The air yet, even in clearest blazo of:sunshine, socms full of ghosts-tho ghosts Of gallant Bailors and soldiers. Truly here The'spiritsof 'our fathers: C . Might start from every wavo ; i For the deck it was their field, of fame,??'??.'* « And ocean was their grave 'start and ask us, their sons-' What have you done ¡(with, these islands which, we, won ;f or, you with pre cious blood?' And what could we>anawer?, We have misused thom, neglected them, till, at the present mo ment, ashamed of the slavery of thé past, and too ig norant and helpless to govern them as a dependency of an over-burdened colonial bureau in London, now Blavery is gone, wo are half minded to throw them away again and 'give them up,' no matter much to . whom. But was it for this that these islands were taken and retaken, till every gully and every foot of the ocean bed holdB the skeloton of an Englishman? Was it for this that these* seas were reddened with tho blood of our own forefathers year after year? Did all those gallant souls go down to Hades in vain, and leave nothing for the Englishman but the sad and proud memory of their useless valour ?" Prom Gibraltar to Port Mahon (Minoroa), and then to. Sicily, sails the Bucohauto, and to Palermo, Mes sina, and Taormina, on. the slopes of Mount Etna. ThoPrinooa woro evidently much interested, as is Bhown in the following passage, a fair oxample of descriptions scattered through their volumes : r " We breakfasted at tho hotel (Belle Vue, Taor I mina), and afterwards walked through the town by the Saracenic palace in the market-plaoe, and in front of the church, with ita painful statues of souls enduring tho torturos of purgatory, up to the peak of Mola, Ü083lt. . .. . ... It was afine climb, and the view looking down bvor the mountainous valleys, covered with vines and olives, arid away to the sea, was magnificent. Wo were to have gone up Monte Venere, but itwastoow'et, andit» dammit was covered by a cloud. The top of. Etna, too, is oloud-covored, but tholongand grand slope of its eastern sideetretoh ing away up to the spot whënce the recent eruption took place, and from which, smoke : is atill issu ing, is dearly visible. ., . . . We gathered specimens of the three several kinds of lava that have been ejected from Etna at various times, and which aro very distinct tho one from tho other. We then wont back and up to the Greek and Roman Theatre, which was tho most interesting thing" we saw. It is difficult to say whether the view off the terrace on its very summit, looking away towards the north, br that to the south looking out aoross tho ruined Btage, is the more.' extensive and impressive ; below on the left is. the sea, blue and smooth, on the right the mountain ranges, green and brown, in front the red Roman brick and the gray marble of the older Greek building; all these colors contrast and.harmonise together in the foreground, while in the distance risea Etna ln.its majesty." ' ? ': . ; IN AUSTRALIA. : '"; ; The young Princes'-first acquaintance, with the Southern Continent was made at Albany, in Western Australia, from/thence tb Melbourne, and a brief oxtraot will show how their Boyal Highnesses were impressed by tho fine Victorian capital :-" This city is just as old aa the Queen'a reign. It was founded inl837, and called after Lord Melbourne* the Premier at the Quoon's aocesBion. It was then a few wooden huts and a wooden church, with a -bell BUBpended from a tree. It is now one ot the two largest cities in the world south of the equator, .the other hoing Buenos Ayres, and is seventh city for size in tho Britiähi Empire. . ..... ; Few,, if ¡any,: cities 'over attained/ so great a. Bize with such rapidity. Old colonists remember cows being tied np to tho trees where the Town Hall now stands ; land that was then thoughtdear at ilanaorenowrealißes ¿8500per square foot. The parks, squares, and gardens are so numerous that with only one-thirteenth of the popu lation of London it occupies very nearly half as groat nn area. Ten miles by seven is its extent, and into it have congregated one-quarter of the popula tion of Victoria, just, as in tho same way into Lon don arepacked one-fifth of the inhabitants of Eng land. . . Whether it bo for the real advantage of either oity thus to draw togothor to itself BO large a proportion of the population may bo doubted. The rapidity of its growth and development is a striking proof of what the ontorpriso of mau and the power of wealth oan effect oven in ono generation." We can fully appreciate the remark of Mr. Dalton i -"Impressions were produced in the Princes? minds at each port which will remain to their dying day, and foremost among theae are the' vivid remem brances of what they saw in Australia, where the interest they evinced in different matters connected with tho political and commercial development of that portion of a United and. Greater Britain was most keen." ; , I have not left myself muóh spaoe to say a few briof words in conclusion upon the general aspect of AFFAIRS ON THE CONTINENT. Madame la Republique is talking of expelling pre tenders to the throne of Prance, and there ia al BO a motion for confiscating their property. I doubt its coming to anything. Anyhow, tho Orloans family, who are very popular here- Louis Phillipe and his Bona having resided for several year» after tho fall of his monarchy at Riohmond-would be warmly wel comed in this country. Troubleaome little Greece has at last been coaxed into putting down her "dooks," as the fancy hath it in merryo England, whore, by the.way; le loxe is evidently reviving aB a national pastime fortho lowor Buhatratum of rough and blackleg publicans. The disarmament is progressing rapidly, and ere theae lines seo tho light of print, will no doubt bo oom I pleted. The ostentatious display on tho restoration of I the Russian Fleet, which received BO fatal a blow in the Crimean war, and tho Czar's ominous speeches then and at MOBOOW. seem to indicate that, aooner or j later, an armed intervention by Kassia will take Elaoe in Bulgaria to crush- ont porhapB the riaing bertios of that young principality, and ita devoted 1 and courageous ruler, Prince Alexander, Tho grow ûM{J -.j- / ' ;. y i i', t .. - Í ^ Í. ing fealing of jealousy between Austria aniRusaiar will, no doubt, some day culminate in a struggle for the supremacy of the Peninsula. . . SIE CHARLES DILKE". I do not romomber whether I have mentioned in previous letters tho sensational divorce case of Crawford v. Dilke, in whioh tho wife of _ an M.P. accused herself to her husband of infidelity to the ex-Cabinet Minister. A decree nisi was granted on her evidence, though Sir Charlea Dilke was dismissed from the Buit with costB, there being no evidence to criminate. As the thing stood, with Mrs. Grundy looking over her spectacles at him, this charge meant, unlesa disproved, political extinc tion. It notoriously kept him ont of tho present Cabinet. He haB now, or his friends for him, stirred up tho Queen's Proctor to intervene, when ho will go into the witness-box and deny upon oath tho charges made by Mrs. Crawford, as he has already denied them in tho most emphatic terms possible at public meetings of his constituents. I have nlwijs been of opinion that the whole thing was, from beginning to end, an hallucination on tho part of an exoitable and hysterical woman. I hope sincerely that Sir Charles may be able to whitewash hia flyblown character. He is one of the most able and rising of the younger Liberal statesmen, and a Liberal Cabinet oan ill spare him from the Treasury benches. [By cable we have learnt that Sir Charles Dilke has been de feated ;. also that the proceedings instituted by . the Queen's Proctor have been commenced.} ULSTER IN CANADA. , The latest bellicose rumor that appears in the evening papers to-day is that the Canadian Orangemen havo sent a consignment of 300,000 rifles to their brothers in Ulster. So the fire will fly if ; things come to a rough-and- tumble in Ireland.. To-day is poor old King George's birthday, which the Eton boya are celebrating with their usual vigor. His granddaughter bas reigned nearly half a century, and the heir presumptive to his throne has attained to man's estate. Poor honest old " Farmer George," he would turn in the royal vault if he could seo in Hades a copy of Mr. Gladstone's Home Bulo Bill ! J THE MOMENTOUS QUESTION. June ll .--Fortunato indeed were those who, like myself, were privileged to witness the Boone in the House of Commons on Monday laat, when probably the most momentous question ever submitted to that august assembly was decided. The scene outside the House was very similar to that on tho occasion of the introduction of the Homo Bule .Bill. The streets wore lined by a masB of people, who saluted Mr. Gladstone with vociferous cheers aa ho drove along ¡from Downing-street. In the House .itself tho absence of all apparent exoitemont was very marked ; but it waB there never theless, like a pent-up volcano, ready to burst forth at any-moment. Punctually at five, minutos to 4 the Speaker entered the chamber, which was. nearly empty. The private business on the paper oooupied but a few minutes, and then there was a lull. One by ono members dropped in and took the places whioh they had secured early in tho day. By degrees .tho HOUBO began to fill, and BB each of the more prominent, men entered he was re ceived with cheering. Mr.. Chamberlain's, arrival elicited some cheers. Mr. Goschen was applauded. Lord Hartington came next, and from, all sides, but from the Tory benches in particular, ho rocoived c salvo of ohoers. ; TMB was gall and wormwood to the noble marquis,-who shows an unpardonable want oi appreciation for the approval of that section of thc House. A freBh burst of choering: : salutoc Mr. _ John Bright as he ..entered and walkec to his customary place. ,Mr. Parnoll'a appearanci was the ' signal for a burst of Irish yells As the,band of the cloak pointed to kàlf-paatéal eyes were directed toward tho Speaker's chair, an< aa Big Ben ohimed out tho half hour Mr. Gladstone walked in with the jaunty Btep of a " dude " of 25 He was attired in evening dress,and wore a gardenh in his button-hole. Tho cheers whioh greeted hil appearance made tho roof ring again, and it wai Borne minutes before quiet was restored. , A ; loni array of questions on all kinds of subjects was thei answered. RESUMPTION OF THE .DEBATE. : The debate was resumed by Mr. Goschen, who o course opposed tho bill. Twas muoh disappoihtet with his Bpeech, though he made several . tpllinj points. It was¿ however,; too labored, and MB husk; voice marred the effect very muoh. Mr. Parnel spoke for a little over an hour in his usual calm, un impassioned manner, and was frequently applaudei by the Prime Minister, who listened attentively t< the speech. Sir Michael Hicks-Beaoh summed' u] the caso for the Opposition, but the subject had bee) so threshed out that it was hardly fair to oxpeo anything original from him, I GLADSTONE'S BEPLT.; He had no sooner resumed his seat, than th» Speaker's sonorous voice was heard calling' upon Mr Gladstone. Deafening cheers from all parts of th» House, renewed and renowed again, greeted th» right honorable gentleman when he zoso. A gestur< from him, and the vast assemblage beoame hushed the silence was almost painful, and you coull literally haye heard a pin drop. Commencini slowly and' deliberately, this marvellous oh man . held tho House spellbound and enthrallei by his eloquence for nearly two hourB. No ono of bia opponents' arguments did ho loav untouched, meeting some with playful irony, other with bitter sarcasm. Never again can I nope t< liston to such eloquence, and long will this marvel lons rhetorical feat live in tho momory of those wh heard it. " Almoßt thou persuadoßt mo to bo a Hom Balor" said ono of his bitterest opponents, and tbi was the effect of his speech on thoso who heard him Many a man mho sat and liatoncd i: tho gallery that ^evening wont homo mor than half convortod to tho cause whio had boen BO earnestly and so magnificently pleaded But not evon tho "old man eloquent" oonld turn vote that night-party ties, Bolf-interost, persona feeling, religious bigotry and intoloranoo wore to strong, and tho second reading of tho bill (that mee sago of poaco which was to undo tho wrongs of hundrod yoars and to wipo away the momory of ago of miagovernmont) waa torn np, as Mr. Goßohon Baie1 almost beforo tho ink with which it waa written wa dry. As I sat and watohed hon. members trooping on liko sheop into tho lobbies, I_ wondered to myBel how many had measurod or woighod tho signifioanc and importanco of tho vote thoy wero about to give how many even cared a single straw as to whothe Iroland had Homo Eulo or not. Somo thoro woro n doubt-must havo boon-who opposed or supporte' tho bill conscientiously and from well-formed oon viction. But hundreds corod not ono fig for th principle, but followed tho party whips aa woll trained sheep do a shepherd. Tho division is by fa the largest that has evor taken placo in tho EngliBl Houso of Commons ; for out of 670 membora n fewer than G53 voted. Of tho 13 absontees 4 wer I ill, leaving only 9 mombers who had not the oourag of their opinions. Of these 7 were Liberals, viz., Mi H. A. Bass. Mr. Blades, Mr. M*Lagan, Mr. R. Daviot Mr. Cobbold» Mr. Hingley, and Mr. Cozena-Hard] 1 Conservativo, Sir Robert Peel, and 1 PaxnoUitt Captain O'Shea. The majority of 341 was made np of |249 Conservatives and 92LiberaIs. Thominority of 311 j comprised 226Liberals and Eadicals and 85 Parnellites, at wari' thought oven up to tho last moment that the ! Government might carry the second reading, andi believe that Mr. Gladstone bolioved that his appeal would turn many waverers. But so closely did hon.-. members koop thoir intentions to themselves, that tho votes of half-a-dozen were counted on both sides. At dinner Mr. Labouchere told me he thought tho Government might have a majority of two or three, but that they would certainly not bo beaten by moro than BÍX or eight. Mr. Ashmead Bartlett calculated the majority against tho bill as twenty. Even thf Tory whips did not calculate upon moro than that number. A scene of UNPABALLE JOED EXCITEMENT followed the announcement of the numbers, and the cheering and counter cheering was deafening, and lasted for fully ten minutes. At length an Irish member jumped on one.of the benches and called for "three cheers for, the 'Grand Old Man,"* which were heartily ghren again and again in all parts ol the Chamber. THE . NEW HEBRIDES. The English people are at present so much absorbed by the one topic of Home Rule for Ireland, that they have no time to notice what is going on in other parts of the world. Even the London proBS has, up to the present, made no comment on the important telegrams which have been published with reference' to the movements of the French in the New Hebrides. A question was last night asked in, the. House' on tho subject, which elicited thc usual reply, that tho Government were in com munication with the Frenoh Foreign Office on the subjeot. The news arrived at a most inopportune time, for, with a dissolution decided upon, and th« possibility of a change of Government, the interests of the Australasian coloniea in so great a matter as the independence of the Now Hebrides will probably meet with lesB attention than they deserve, i doubt not that Lord Rosebery will do hhs utmost to prevent a Frenoh occupation, Bnt after all, what can ho or the Government dop Suppose the French, in contravention of, | an honorable engagement, choose upon one subterfuge or another to land troops on the islandc and_ establish a quasi protectorate, does any mau. in his senses believe that England will make it ft casus belU? The Foreign Office may, no doubt will^ protest against the conduct of the Frenoh. But e. good reason will bo given for their notion, and so the. matter will probably end. Tho old English spirit ot enterprise has long since died out. We are no longer a nation of adventurers. Occasionally, perhaps, a Conservative Government may, in defiance of thc public protests, do a little quiet annexation, but no enlargement of the Empire is possible. England surrenders, but she will not acquire. THE EXHIBITION. . The oftener one visits the exhibition the less satis fied doea,one become ..with'the New , South Wales Court.': Cortainly of late many improvements have been made. .The foul-smelling leather haa been rële^ gated to a position whore it ia lesa likely to offend the olfactory organs of those desirous bf inspecting the mineral exhibits. The photographs have, been roarranged ; and ..above all .those horrible speoi menB of home-made jams haye boon con signed to the dust-bin, or some equally suitable place, so that now the court has been made KS presentable as the extremely paltry nature of, the exhibits will allow. But the snakes, the stuffed birds, beasts, and fishes, and the collection of New Guinea curios are still there, and it only requires the presenoe ôf a mummy to oomplete its resemblance to a miniature copy of the Australian Museum. The oase of Kilver'ingots from; Silverton, which has just arrived, is very attractive, and adds considerably to the, grand display of mineral wealth ; but, taken altogether, the exhibits from New South Wales are, as I have before said, nothing short of a disgrace to tho colony, and refleot' the utmost discredit upon those who have had the management of the affair in Sydney. The only re deeming point about the showiB the courtesy of the officials. Sir Alexander Stuart-[Since deceased.-? Eb,]-is urbanity personified, and Captain Loftus; Mr, Kenneth Stuart, Mr. Binny, Mr. Collins Levey, Mr. Price, and Mr.'Hardt areovery ready to answer questions or "personally conduct" visitors round the court. Nor should I forget tho one little " snùg:> gery ". where, liquid comforts are dispensed to the thirsty, and where the weary traveller may rest his jaded, limbs and . smoke the .calumet'* pf peace. This, I need hardly 'say, is the most popular seotion, inr,,, the. -, exhibition. ^Visitors from the. colonies haye no; reason to [com plain of alack of English hospitality, for; they'are going through a severe, oonrso of r feasting and jun-' Setting, to which many of them have been little aoonstomed in thoir own.land. MB. HENNIKKB HEATON STILL ON THE WARPATBS Mr. Heaton doesn't give the PoBt-offiôe people much peace. The other night ho interrogated Mr. Forster aa to whether the Postmaster-General would favorably consider a Bohemo Bubmitted by him for conveying letters from England to Australia for a charge not exceeding one penny per letter. Mr. Forster replied that as tendera for the conveyance of mails under other conditions aro nuder consideration, tho Postmaster*General felt himself in a position of difficulty as regarda Mr. Keaton's scheme. Mr. Heaton then asked what was dono with all tho newspapers posted in England, which for any causo wore not Bent to tho person to whom thoy wore addressed, at home or abroad. Mr., Forster replied to this, that all papers stopped for non-payment of postage or other cause, and whioh bear the sender's address, are at onco returned. Such as do not bear any name or address are kept for one week and then destroyed. But as this will not account for all tho missing papors and packets, Mr. Heaton proposes to return to tho charge. By the way, I may aa well mention hero that the hon. member's re-elootion for Canterbury without of ¿o» $.> tion is ßooure.. By hiß tact and attention to every request of his constituent», he has made himflc't V» popular that no one would havo had at the presort time any chance of dofeating him, OBITUARY. The death of Sir William Vernor, Bart., has just been annonncod. This gentleman was the proprietor of largo property in Australia. Some yoars ago he married Annie Wilson, a well-known figuro in Sydnfcy and Melbourne, who has proved a moBt discreet and attentive wifo to him, and to Bee her lolling back in her C spring carriage with powdered coachman and footman, ono would think sho had hoon born in tba purple 