?' *}.^i?j: Brevities. . - . 'Salazie, from Marseilles, to arrive to-morrow. .'' 3LM.S. Sorata, from London, to arrive on IM jclay. ? Baimaia Bowing: Club Ball at Sydney Town &&11, on July 30. ? South Australia has spent two millions on *jra.ter conservation. ? Mr. G. ~SL Eeid on- freetrade and protection in jfche Assembly, this evening. A holiness convention to be held in Brisbane. 3Much good may it do them. i Victoria will probably find, at the end of the year, a deficiency of £4-1,122. H JLS. Sapid will come on the Australian sta tion in place of H.M.S. Miranda.. Mr. BL C. Eussell says that three comets are now on view. This is too niuch. . ? ? j H.l.ti.M.S. Hysene left Mauritins for Zanzibar on May 3, after effecting repairs. ? I ELM.S. Thalia, with relief crews for the Austra lian station,- left Devonporfc on May 26. Sir. H. Biers, chief draughtsman in the Victorian Lands Department, is dead. When a man has been married three times, it is iilrivelling idiocy to doubt his courage. ?{- The New Zealanders are protesting against the French annexation of the New Hebrides. Yeoman,, steamer, landed 293 head of cattle from Gladstone. None lost on the voyage. The South Australian Government says that .£300 is the highest premium it can offer for a man who sacrifices himself on the railway. ?? -Mr. E. G-. Miller, bank manager, Ararat, who iehot himself a week ago, has given up the ghost. '? Now, ye unemployed! The Orange Pastoral and Agricultural Society offers a prize of .£10 for plans fora pavilion. 'Where would we be without woman ?' asks a writer. We would be all right ; but the little pug dog — where would it be ? Mr. Wright has been elected to the vacancy in the Victorian Legislative Council caused by the' death of Mr. P. B. Wallace. Leinster Masonic Lodge (N.S.W.C), collected i£27 10s in a few minutes on Monday night for the relief of the Ly-ee-Moon sufferers. Subscription lists for tlie relief of the sufferers by the Ly-ee-Moon disaster are being opened in the lodges under both banners of the E.A.O.B. ' Man may be pardoned for smoking,' says Beecher, 'but charity hasn't a mantle broad enough to cover the man who uses bad tobacco.' Dr. Stirling is coming forward as the champion of women suffrage in S. A. Every man in his place and every woman to her work — outside poli ;tics. ' I should have no objection,' said ahenpeeked husband, ' to my wife's having the last word, if I could only be assured that it would be the last.' Mr. E. B. Holt likes hospital life better, than solitary confinement ; but he -would like liberty better than either. Patience ; all things come to :him who waits. We are requested to announce that Lady Car rington will accompany Lord Carrington to Par ramatta on Thursday afternoon, the 17th instant, to be present at the distribution of the prizes at the King's School. The latest is that there is more convict labor at Noumea than is required, and that natives are ?being sent from there to the New Hebrides. This is not much like annexation ! Thieves are prospering in Newcastle. If the doings of the past few days are continued, the district will be justly entitled to be called the Black Country. A Curious Anomaly. — In the parish of St. Peter's, Cornhill, London, where the rector re ceives £2300 a-year, there is only one bona-fide resident ratepayer, and he is not a member of the Church of England. A seaman named William Norton has reported to the Newcastle police that he had been robbed of .£59 and a watch and chain in the vicinity of the Lake-road. A baker named Luke Burke also reported that he had been robbed of his watch aud chain and .£12 in Market-square. Mr. G. H. Reid intends to take advantage of the debate on the second reading of the Customs Bill this evening to go fully into the question of free trade and protection. During the first four months of this year 12,817 emigrants sailed for Australasia from British ports, as compared with 10,687 who left during the corresponding period in 1885. The municipal council of Paris lately resolved ts vote a sum of 5000 francs to Georges Poucher, to enable him to continue his investigations into the course of the Gulf Stream. 'Were you ever caught in. a suddezusquall ?' asked an old yachtsman of a worthy citizen. .' Well, I think so,' responded the old man. 'I have helped to bring up eight babies.' People are asking how it was that thetPremier ,'instead. of the Minister of Works, took ujp, in the Assembly last night, the question of the alleged railway frauds. Was it that Mr. Lyne is not considered competent to deal with a. matter in . which his own department is chiefly interested ? ' To ventilate a room, and at the same time avoid a draught, raise the lower sash, and shut it down upon a folded blanket placed beneath it, leaving an aperture of several inches between the lower edge of the upper and the upper edge of the lower sash. First Lady : Mrs. Gibbs, I hear your ; husband has failed. Second Lady: Yes; he is the most unfortunate man I ever knew ; fails in everything: he undertakes. He tried to hang himself after Ms failure. Eirst Lady: Poor man!, Did he succeed ? Second Lady : No ! Failed ? even in that. The rope broke. Dr. Burnaby lectures this evening in the ? Sydney Bethel, in aid of the Ly-ee-Moon fund. He will examine heads blindfolded,- read char acter by persons walking before him, by hand writing, and matrimonially, all ladies and gentle men presented to him according ? to their disposi tions, capabilities, and affinities. On May 1 Martina Simonsen, daughter of Madame Simonsen, of Melbourne, was married to George Schreiber at the German Church, Sydenham, London, by the Rev. Mr. Wagner. The bride was given away by Mr. William Howard Smith, jun. After the wedding break- fast the happy pair left for Paris, en route for Marseilles, and sailed thence on May 8 in the Salazie for Melbourne. ? A gang of convicts sentenced to transportation to New Caledonia mutinied lately at La-Boquette : (said a London correspondent). Just as the work shops were being closed they attacked the officers on duty-with their hammers, punches, awls, and other tools. . A small detachment of soldiers having reinforced the guard, the outbreak was suppressed; and the ringleaders, fifteen in num ber, were sent to expiatfe their folly in tiie dark cells. A man -with a red nose applied to the feeatrieal manager for a position. ' Where were you employed last ?' asked the* manager. ' I was in ?the orchestra.' ?' What instrument did you blow — the trombone ?' ' No ; I. blew- out the kerosene lamps after the performance was over.' A school teacher give3 the following sentence from the pen of her youngest and brightest scholar, furnished in- answer to the request: ?*' Write in twenty words a, definition of 'Man.'' It reads thus: 'Man is an animal that stands up ; he is not very big, and he has to work for a living.' ? . Out of the crowded city, on to Albert Park, Eookwoofl, where roads are from 65 to 80 feet wide, where lots are ot jrood depth, where you can buy the best on £5 deposit. .Watkin andWatldnseH next Saturday.— Advt. £100 Prize Essays.— 'Free Trade versus Protection. The time for receiving the essays extended to 31st August. For conditions see ' Tear Bookof Australia.' — Advx. : A luxury and health preserver, Kew Turkish Bath ? BliKh-street. Single, bath, 8s j four tickets, 10s.— AJ-tt. . ' Luncheon, considered: best in city. Great Northern: HoteL/eorner George-street and Charlotte-place— Anyr. . ? TattersaH's Monster -Consultation, Coronation. Stakes, :j000 subscribers. 20s each, iiosropen.' First liorso £500.' Aiso on Jnly Stakes, 2000 Elite, 20s each, £10Pf». firsfhorse. i Early application TattersaU, care -G. Adams, Ktt-s treet.— Advt. ? ? ? ? ? '? ? ~ ' A Want Supplied.— H%u-elaas Tailoring at moderate prices. Thomson, Gates, iui& Co,, 148, 3?ltt--sV— Advt, ( ( BoBOT/eH Er.BCT3poirs.-r-The jnotfon to make absolute the xuleaisi for a quo.warranfco against William Cable retaining Ms seat^s aafliderman for the boro^h of St. Leonards; has been ad-' ; joumed until Wednesday nest, .: IMr. Browning, appears in support of~i3i03motibn. -'' 'The grounds on which, it is sought to obtain the rule are trHCl.),* That a person other ? *han those engagedin the ballot Tfas;'iUa^S',::*- eafeivjttie ,*boni vrheteMte] voting papers 'wer&tf;&Mg;, j&epiaM; ; aM (2.) that'; the 3«turning^6iB5.©pr fffidfjaSfc ^mgtf j^^ftgeesgapk number of voting j&pers;, in accordance vom tne provisions of the Jfouricipaliiiea Act 