"TALBOT FANE, BACHELOR." 1 1ST TIHZIEIEIE BOOKS. By "ATHA." Author of 44 Puck Pikrmont," " Other People's Money," " Maoris and Pakehas," " Fire," " Kiorani," " Gadabout Papers," " Living or Dead," " Australian Elves," &c.;, See. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER "VIII. — Continued. BOOK I.— EVENING. fg> ID the idea occur to his host which had occurred to Jp b|| him ? If so, it produced a different effect. Major I jifl Weldon smiled, certainly not with dissatisfaction, J )&)) and resumed his reading. 4 They all like him. He wins upon everyone — child and man — what wonder — and yet — oh,' with petulant distress, that wretched secret ! why cannot 1 forget it ? Why did I ever know it ? Why is the onerousness of it put upon my shoulders ?' Still, he added, 4 is Fane the dishonourable man to obtain a young girl's love without confession ? If he be — then surely the reasons which would now hold my lips mute would be removed.' He had sauntered on to the verandah, and now paused. The song had been found ; in a rich, clear baritone, Fane was singing 4 The Admiral,' As Talbot ended, there came up from the direction of the shrubbery three sharp, quick cries, like those of some night bird. 4 What bird is that Miss Weldon ?' he asked, as she and his partner joined him. 4 1 did not hear it,' she answered, being too busy in asking Mr Fane how ever he had the courage to convict himself of falsehood by saying he could not sing, 4 but hark !' she added, raising her hand, 4 there it is again !' Three times the cry rose quick and sharp. 4 1 do not know at all,' she replied. 4 1 do not think I have heard it before. Perhaps it is some night bird who keeps more to the wooded gorges of the hills. Will it come again ?' 4 Let us go a little nearer,' said Cyril. They stepped down into the garden, and moved noiselessly along the path, not to startle the bird — if bird it was. 4 If there were bushrangers near,' said Grace, 4 we might think it them. I hear they sometimes use birds' cries as signals.' 4 And are there not ?' Fane asked. 4 No I' shaking her head. 4 While the gold fields yonder ' (extending her hand) ' are so prolific, they find too much work to do.' 4 Are the gold fields very distant ?' 4 Not at all ; not a day's journey.' 4 They do not trouble you then ?' said Temple, 4 Only in occasionally bringing very rough-looking charac ters past the station on their way to them ; and as they take care to time their arrival about sundown, as a matter of course they beg a supper and a night's shelter 1 4 Which is given them.' 4 Of course,' answered Grace, simply. 4 How could it be re fused, when to do so Would compel their sleeping out in the bush.' They had reached the shrubbery by this time, and advanced a few yards along one of the paths. While doing so there was a slight rustle among the bushes, then silence. 4 It was a bird !' exclaimed Grace. 4 Did you not hear it 1 We have startled it away.' As they returned to the house they looked up to one of the first-floor windows, where burned a faint light. It was part ly open, for the night was hot and heavy with the storm which had not yet broken. Behind the muslin curtains lay poor Nita, unconscious of all about her. That day, however, she had been better, and they had hopes that the doctor would on the morrow speak favourr a.bly. Fane had kept his promise of writing to Barry Blake ; in deed, had sent the letter by the messenger who had gone into Wiaroa to fetch the medical man, but no notice had been taken, which could not have been otherwise, as it still was lying at the office. 4 He's gone off somewhere on his own business,' said Temple to Talbot. 4 The man is a scoundrel ! well for the girl, per haps, did she never see him again.' 4 Possibly ; yet it's hard to be without a friend.' 4 She might be without a relation,' responded Cyril quickly. 4 She would not be without a friend or,' — he added, 4 friends.' Fane turned and looked at his partner who, at that moment, also turned to enter the sitting-room, for the two had stopped awhile on the verandah to speak of Nita, letting Grace Weldon precede them into the parlour. The light from the lamp shone on the young fellow's face, and a suspicion of the truth flashed upon his friend. For a second a brighter expression came over his own features, then gave place to one hard and scornful, as if the thought which had caused the former had been ruthlessly, sternly crushed out. 4 Madman ! Idiot !' he muttered, between his teeth, follow ing Cyril. As they entered Mrs. Elmsleigh appeared, coming from her duty as nurse. 4 How is she now, Auntie ?' inquired Grace, anxiously. 4 1 am sure, on the whole, better,' replied Mrs Elmsleigh. 4 She was sleeping, it almost seemed quite calmly, until a few minutes ago, when she became restless, and started up in her bed wild and scared. It was with some difficulty I could soothe her to lie down ; all the while, below her breath, she kept whispering, with troubled brow, 44 But I must ! You do not know — I must !'' 'Poor child, when delirium possesses us we are helpless,' said Major Weldon. ' It was I who sang last,' put in Talbot Pane. ' Perhaps I disturbed her.' Grace looked round with a bright smile. In her opinion such a thing was impossible. Mrs Elmsleigh however became reflective. ' I cannot tell, yet I should scarcely think so. It reached her room but faintly ; still, now I remember, she did say something like 'you hear' — and inclined her head, listening. ' We will not sing again until she is better,' said Grace, decisively. ' Now it is you who are generous,' whispered Pane, with a smile, ' for it will be a great deprivation.' ' Yes, she smiled, in response, since I have discovered you can sing. ' Good gracious I what is that ?' A sudden yell rent the air, followed by quick heavy foot steps advancing along the verandah. All started to their feet, but before they could do more, there dived in amongst them the gaunt form of Teranga the Maori. CHAPTER IX. An Old Pace with a New Mask. j-T is night — a night that does not present itself many \ I times during the summer season in Maoriland. The moonlight glimmers on rock and chasm — on tree and zJl shrub, and on the wide, dusty Great South-road leading to Otago. With the privilege of the novelist, we must leave those of our characters at Pinefalls under the tender care and hospi tality of Major Weldon and his family, while we draw aside the curtain and reveal some others who have prominent parts in this serio- comedy of actual life. Across the uplands and the rugged slopes, shimmering under the moon's rays, long shadows lie, mingled with a pale, flitting light, which shifts from ridge to ridge, and then is gone like a ghost, leaving the landscape ribbed with bars of gloom. Out on the western ridge, bearing seaward, and fully ten miles distant, the lurid glow of the city is clearly discernible. Right and left, as far as the sight can pierce, the shadows of thick forests stretch, like black garments, awaiting the magic touch of the sun to change them into the green and golden glory of New Zealand foliage. In among their embowered darkness, lonely even in the night, flicker and shine the many lights of a large mansion and from whose open windows there comes at fitful times the faint echo of music, which reaches the lonely, dusty road. It comes like a lost voice calling into the night for some solitary, wandering spirit, for whom it had wearied and waited long. As if in obedience to the mournful, call, limping slowly withm its echo comes a wayfarer, so gaunt and ghastly that it needed but one touch of moonlight to change him into a ghost. His tattered coat, and the pale face above it, bathed m the wan glimmer, had a weird, unearthly look. .Ain ,a. ?oft refr"in rushed across toe kauri trees and into the highway, where the vagrant wayfarer stood and shivered. He started as though a living voice had called him by name. ' I am coming— coming,' he said, hurriedly. Then, mut tering a low, fierce oath on his folly, sat down to rest himself. He had hardly slid down upon a heap of debris at his feet when a sharp voice called out — ' Halloa, man 1 do you want to be run over ? Get out of the way ; my horse evidently does not like you.' The tramp rose slowly, but kept in the shadow of the tall ferns, which hereabout grew taller than the fence. Prom his vantage ground he scanned the well-appointed vehicle of the new-comer, his high-stepping horse, and lastly his handsome face, on which the moonlight fell with a cold glitter. Look here, my man,' he cried, ' There's a gate about here somewhere ; find it for me, and hold it open, and there's half- a-crown for your trouble.' I know nothing about your gates ; I'm a stranger here,' cried the other, roughly. A stranger, eh ? Never mind ; you have eyes, and you know a gate when you see one,' responded he in the trap, trying to sooth his horse, which was becoming very restive. 1 know nothing about it,' muttered the man on foot, shrinking further back into the ring of gloom shrouding him. An oath sprang out from the other. I)on t you see I can't get down ?' he cried, through his set teeth. ' If you are not some lurking thief, you will come forth and do what I ask. I would not trouble you if this brute was at all manageable. My groom — confound him !— has missed me somehow.' Not the appeal — or the taunt accompanying it — but some thing in the voice of the speaker, caused the weary and ragged sundowner to emerge from his obscurity into the full light of the moon. He took three strides to the conveyance, and looked hard at the personage in it. ell ! will you find the gate for me ?' asked the other, without deigning to notice the rudeness. Yes. Where is it — which side of the road ?' ' To the left, near yonder log.' ke gate was opened, and, with hat slouched over his eyes, the wanderer stood holding it as the handsome dogcart dashed denl" yards away the vehicle was pulled up sud- ' Thank you 1 Here's your money,' he cried, and down came the ring of a heavy coin. ' What place is this ?' asked the tramp. ' Glencourt, and this road is a short cut to it,' replied the other. « Shut the gate, and put yourself on the other side of it, my man. There are any amount of fierce dogs at Glen court, and they are by no means partial to tramps.' S toat Glencourt away yonder with the lights gleaming through the windows ?» queried the tatterdemalion. ' That's it. There's a ball there to-night, and I'm late, so must say ta-ta. If you're thinking of trying your luck, better w/-rr0W" 0U'N nothing to-night.' . kistling a snatch from some opera, he drives on, the dust kis wheels flying back in the face of the man holding the gate. ihere is a queer look on that same face, as he closes the ga e with a sharp snap, as if it had been the terrible jaws of some sea monster closing on its prey. The man does not even look for the money thrown to him, but limps slowly along the path the other has gone. It is a broad carriage drive, lined on either side with noble kauri pines, but it has many zig-zag windings. From tree to ree». eeP1Qg. still in the gloom, he treads his way, until a turning of the long avenue brings him in view of the house. is a large structure, the ground being open about it. He can see the great gates of the lodge, and the lodge itself a aze with light, and the road leading to it crowded with carnages. The place is fully a mile distant, but all the surroundings are p ainly discernible. Beyond the mansion, on the opposite 81 a r toere is a long shrubbery, like an arcade, 2P Wlth Chinese lanterns and other parti-coloured ig s. From this there floats upon the ears of the wayfarer aug er, and the low hum of many voices, with anon a strain of soft music. ' What a devil of a strange world this is,' mutters the tramp, talking and looking wistfully before him. ' Here have I been two whole days without a grain of food having passed my lips, and yonder the people are surfeited with dainties. 1 wonder what they would Bay if I presented myself and begged a good square meal ? Bah ! I'm not on for any such foolery. I'm strong yet, and can wait. Patience is a virtue, and, ecod ! it is the only virtue left to me, since no other alterna tive has been left to me but to practice it.' He looks about, and finding a soft couch of young ferns beneath the lofty canopy of a wide-spreading pine, seats him self thereon, with something like a groan of pain. ' I'll stay here till morning,' he continued, in the same muttering tone, as if that kind of self-colloquy was habitual to him. 'There's the dog- star only a yard high. It can't be far off daylight. Ah ! it's a good thing for a man who hasn't the time of day in his fob to know something of the stars. How many long hours of the night — which, if they could be totted up, would go into years — have I watched them from between the bars of my cell at Pentridge 1 They have seemed to me just like a man's life— rising— soaring— falling, then gone from sight altogether.' His reflections seem to bring another train of thought, ' I had hoped that the terrible picture of my old life had gone for ever from my memory,' he says presently. ' The face of this man brings back the ugly dream in all its stern reality. Why should I think of my sufferings in that dread ful, earthly hell, Pentridge ? Why ? That man brought memories that formed the connecting link. Humph 1 Jasper T. Yane, if that was not your voice, it was that of your ghost. Let me think.' And he lay back at full length on the fragrant ferns, with his hands clasped firmly round his head. In fitful gusts the early morning breeze brought the strains of the far-off music to his ears, intermingled betimes with a faint peal of merry laughter. . Whatever might be the subject of his thoughts, it took him a long time to think the matter out. The stars had begun to pale, giving place to the purple blush of dawn, ere he moved, When he rose, however, there was a settled, fixed purpose in hiB eyes, and in every line of his rugged face. ' I'll do it. Yes, by the living Lord, I will,' he cried, as he bent his steps towards Glencourt. CHAPTER X. Sergeant Gunn. fpESTLING amid some of the most bold and romantic 1(1® hills to be found in the whole of New Zealand, Glen- jp MfJ court stood pre-eminent among the few places in the U fll province of Westland as the seat of Major-General Ashford. , The drives around the estate are charming and matchless in their beauty. From the broad terrace on the south side ot the building the landscape has a gradual fall, revealing glimpses of exquisite patches of rock, river, and forest, and beyond these the waters of the South Pacific ocean. The house and grounds have cost their owner large sums of money, but General Ashford is the local millionaire. The 'Sinbad' gold mine, which yields enormous sums annually, belongs solely to him. " . . . . For the most part the General iB of a retiring disposition. His only daughter, Hilda, does the honors of Glencourt occasionally, and does it with a skill befitting one of the o Northumberland Ashford breed. . The morning is gloriously fine, and especially so around Glencourt— so the tatterdemalion thinks as he wends his slow way towards the lodge. In the broad glare of day he looks the most wretched hang-dog thief that ever left the precincts of a prison gate. The burly, well-fed lodgekeeper, standing at his gate, notes the ragged tramp's approach. ' Now, then, my man, what is it ?' he cries, ' If you've come for money, this is the wrong shop ; but if you wants a feed, well, I've no objections, prowidin' as you eats your wittles here, and does a job o' work for it arterwards.' ' I neither want money nor food at your hands,' answered the man, gruffly, at the same time surveying the portly flunkey with contempt. ' Ob, you don't want money, eh ? Pray what do you want, then ?' cried the other. ' What you don't seem to possess — common civility,' answered the tramp, sharply. ' Ah, indeed. Here's my Lord Duke of Rag Lane going to lecture on etiquette,' cried the lodgeman, in sarcastic tones. Then, changing to sudden passion, he said, hoarsely, ' Damn you for a battered, moulty, gutter chick ; what's your busi ness ?' ' I wish to see Mr. J. T. Vane,' responded the tramp, quietly. ' Of course you do — or the man in the moon — or any other imp'obable personage. Now, who's Mr. J. T. Yane?' ' A gentleman who came to the ball last night in a drab dog-cart — came late, and by the short cut along the ravine, yonder.' The lodgekeeper opened his sleepy eyes wide, and looked at the bundle of rags before him more attentively. ' Captain Jasper Trenton drives a dog-cart, and is at the Hall ; but I know of no J. T. Yane who visits here,' said he. ' I may have been mistaken in the name of the gentleman,' replied the man. ' Did Captain Trenton arrive by this road, about 1 1 o'clock ?' ' Just about that hour.' If, as you say, he is at the Hall, be good enough to convey a message to him from me.' 1 What message ?' 'Tell him the man who opened the gate for him last night wishes to speak with him on important business.' The keeper of the lodge, placing his fat thumb to his rubicund nose, and extending his fingers like a fan, said — ' No you don't, old man. That game won't wash with Peter Rlowcome. I have no doubt but what you are one of a gang of bushrangers, come to rob the place.' The tramp laughed. i Every thief thinks that his fellow is a bigger rogue than himself,' he said. ' If you won't carry my message, I shall easily find other means of communication. Good day to you.' 'Stop a minute. What is your name, friend ?' enquired the lodgeman, seeing that the tramp was moving away the road he had come. The other reflected a moment. ' If you are inclined to take my message, no name will be needed.' ' Yes ; but the Captain may have forgotten all about your service last night.' ' True ! If he has, I am content to depart without an audience.' Yery well ; stay where you are. I'll send and see if Captain Trenton will receive you.' He went within the lodge, and presently a youth in buttons came forth, and crossed the lawn. Within five minutes he returned with a request that the tramp be admitted. « Good luck, my friend ; you're but a poor, seedy devil at best,' says the keeper, opening his lodge-gate. Take care the Captain doesn't pack you off to gaol for your pains.' Without deigning a word in reply, but with a look of withering disdain at the speaker, the man of tatters passed through, with his limping gait, and, following his conductor, entered the grand mansion. There are so many grand rooms, and corridors, and passages to be traversed ere they reach the wing in which the Captain is located that a change of conductors is necessary. An old grey-headed personage, tall and erect as a bar of iron, and dressed in the undress uniform of a Dragoon, comes forward to relieve the page. 4 Who is this man ?' he asks. 4 A visitor for Captain Trenton, Sergeant,' answers the boy. 4 Good ! Right-about-face, ray lad. March !' cried the Sergeant, as if the page had been a squad on parade drill, and the boy, with a smile, instantly obeyed. The Sergeant watches him pace the long corridor with even, military stride ; then, turning to the new-comer, surveys him from head to toe with unmitigated surprise. 4 You've been in the wars, comrade,' he says, holding his head on one side, and pursing up his mouth. 4 Wars?' echoes the tramp, looking hard in turn at the man before him. 4 Why, yes ; I reckon I've seen service, Sergeant Gunn.' At the sound of his name, the old fellow drew himself up as stiff as a ramrod. 4 What, you know me ?' he cried. 4 I do — certainly,' answers the tramp. 'Tom Gunn, other wise the Slasher, as his comrades termed him, served twelve years in the 7th Dragoon Guards ere he was selected orderly to Colonel — now General — Ashford.' 4 Swords and pistols ! Who are you ?' cried the veteran, when his surprise enabled him to speak. 4 Only a poor reprobate who fought for his country in the Crimea and in India in the ranks of the old 7 th — that's all.' 4 Hold up your head, and let me have a good look at you,' said the old Dragoon. 4 I knew every man in the corps, from Sergeant-Major Halsora to Bates, the trumpeter.' 4 Can you remember my face.' 4 No,' said the old fellow, after a close scrutiny of the other's features. 4 I have no recollection of you. Perhaps you joined the regiment after I left it,' 4 Not so,' replied the tramp, with a peculiar smile. 4 I was saddle to saddle with poor Major Denby when he was cut in two by a round shot at Balaklava ; and I remember, when the melee was over, binding up a certain corporal's hand who had the misfortune to lose part of it, with his two fingers attached. Stretch forth your sword, hand, Sergeant ; let me look at it.' The veteran laughed. 4 Here it is,' quoth he, 4 or, at least, what the Russians left of it. Damme, you're no fraud, man, if you know these things. Allen Grange, of D Troop, was the man who ripped the sleeve lining out of his coat to bind up my maimed hand.' 4 I am that unfortunate fellow.' 4 You !' 4 I, Sergeant Gunn.' 4 Why, Grange was but a boy at that time, and you — you look fifty or more.' 4 I have had enough hardship to make me look twice fifty,' returned the tramp. 4 Do you recollect the 27 th of August, 1857 ?' 4 That was the day of the attack on Delhi.' 4 Correct. On the evening of that day Sergeant Gunn, with a search party, found one of his regiment amongst a heap of dead Indians. The man was bleeding to death from a bullet wound, which had shattered his knee.' 4 Ah, I see you're the man,' interrupted the Sergeant, in a more kindly tone. 4 You were lamed for life.' 4 For life,' echoed the other. I was discharged with a small pension, and — this limp,' and he hobbled three paces along the well-carpeted corridor and back again. 4 You have still the pension to fall back upon, Grange ?' £ 4 No, Sergeant. When I emigrated to Australia, soon I after the Indian Mutiny, I sold the pension for a hundred | pounds ready cash to one Isaacs, a Jew, in Bond- street, | London, by permission of the Horse Guards. In Melbourne, \ I had an idea that I should make a fortune with my small f capital, but, lo ! it vanished like a Will o' the Wisp.' | 4 What did you do V | 4 Oh, the Government provided me with a billet soon after- | wards,' said Grange, with a short laugh. 4 A lame man has j but a poor chance for a living outside the wing of the Civil ; Service.' \ 4 Y ou were in the. Civil Service ? That should have been a good thing, comrade.' 4 Perhaps ; however, I didn't like it, and was very glad to — to resign,' responded the ex-Dragoon, with another laugh. 4 It was in Victoria I first saw Jasper — I mean Captain Trenton.' 4 Where ?' 4 In Victoria,' answered the other. 4 It is something like five years ago since the Captain left Melbourne, but I knew him again the moment I saw him last night.' The Sergeant burst into a gruff laugh. 4 You had better mind what you are at,' he said, after a pause. 4 There is evidently some mistake. The Captain has never seen Victoria. He came straight here from Penzance, Cornwall, to superintend the New Venture Coal Mine at Green Island, of which he is part owner.' The tramp stares at the Sergeant, with just the shadow of a doubt in his mind as to the Captain's identity. 4 Mistakes are often made,' he says, presently, 4 and it is just likely I may have made a blunder in this case. I mean to be certain about it, if you'll have the kindness to show me where he is to be found.' 4 All right, comrade ; but let me warn you to be careful. The Captain's a hard, stern fellow, and a magistrate to boot. Come with me to my room, and I'll try and make you a trifle more presentable for your interview,' and,' wheeling suddenly about, as if he had been practising the 4 balance step,' the old Dragoon led his companion up a narrow stair to a wide apart ment set out after the manner of a small barrack, and, entering here with the tramp, he closed the door. CHAPTER XI. Captain Trenton. JgpT was fully two hours before the tramp came forth, his | j outer man transformed out of all recognition — save for 2 his lameness — by a respectable suit of clothing and highly J 11 polished boots, furnished to him by the Sergeant. 4 Clothing does not make the man,' says the adage, but in this case the old saw was wrong. The tattered, limp ing wretch who had entered the Sergeant's room, scarcely anything human in his rags and dirt and misery, stood here now a smiling, liale-looking man of forty. A clean shave, with a copious supply of water, and a suit of brown tweed had made all the difference in him. At worst he was not a bad-looking fellow. Save for an ugly scar, which gave to his mouth a sinister aspect, he was well-featured, and not by any means the hang- dog footpad he had seemed through the prejudged spectacles of the lodge- keeper. Captain Trenton reclined on a sofa, smoking a very aromatic cigar, when the wayfarer was ushered into his pres ence. For a moment he sat up and stared at the figure before him. 4 Are you the chap who opened the gate last night ?' . 'Yes.' ' I'm glad to see you have made yourself presentable before calling on me,' returned the Captain, with a most gracious smile, in which a sneer was hidden. ( Take a seat, my good fellow, and tell me to what fortunate event I am indebted for this visit.' The tramp, not seeming to heed the sarcastic taunt, looked coolly round the luxurious apartment. There were one or two cozy seats at his side, but the man limped across the room to an arm chair with a high back, which stood by the window. Seating himself here, he had the Captain's face full to the light, which was evidently what the visitor desired. ' I thank you, Captain Trenton, ' he says, quietly, but laying peculiar stress upon the two last words. ' It's very hard for a lame man like myself to get about with any degree of comfort.' ' You are really lame, my friend V quoth the Captain, looking keenly at the tramp. ' No shamming to create sym pathy? Men of your class are usually clever rascals, who can adopt the cripple in all its phases to suit time and circumstance. Why did you come here? Did I not warn you that beggars were unwelcome ?' ' I am not a beggar.' ' Oh, I see ; your begging has departed with your rags. You are a gentleman now , I suppose. Well, let me ask again why you have sought an audience with me ?' The Captain turned his look full towards his companion as he asked the question, at the same time rising to his feet. The tramp looked at the man before him, and smiled. ' I trust you will be patient with a poor devil, sir. I came to you to crave a boon.' ' Of course you did ; I knew that,' responds the Captain, with his merciless sneer. ' What did you do with the crown- piece I flung you, eh ?' ' I could not find it in the dark ; besides, I do not want money,' reiterated the ex-Dragoon. ' Let me repeat, I came to you for advice, Captain Trenton.' The Captain stared. He was beginning to think that the man was some poor lunatic broken from an asylum in the vicinity. ' Fellow, what can there be between you and myself?' he said, sternly. ' What is your name ?' 'Allan Grange ; but better known to my friends as No. 3762,' replied the tramp, quietly, without so much as looking at his companion. For just the ghost of a second a short, sharp spasm of pain, or fear, or some unexpected surprise, caused the thin lips to tighten about the small, glistening teeth of Captain Trenton. With a hearty guffaw, he lay back on the sofa the next moment. ' Egad 1 you're a character in your way, Mr. Grange,' he said. ' I should like very much for you to explain what you mean by No. 97G2. Was that your number in the mad house ?' ' No ; it was my number in Pentridge Stockade Prison, Melbourne, Australia,' said Grange, in the same quiet tone. ' Ah 1 then you are a convict at large, my fine fellow,' cried the Captain, again showing his teeth. ' That's true. I am a convict, and at liberty ; but lawfully so — mind that !' ' You mean to say your are a discharged prisoner?' ' I do.' ' Have you your discharge with you ?' ' I am not bound to auswer that question, am I ?' enquired Grange, with a queer light in his eyes. ' Certainly not, my good man,' says the Captain, soothingly. ' The law has it that a man may not criminate himself ; but unfortunately I happen to be a Magistrate, and my duty will be to hand you over to Sergeant Jenkins, the Officer in Charge of Police at Dunstan, if you cannot prove what you say.' ' Your Worship will not be hard upon a poor devil ! How if I have lost my parchment ?' ' In thut case I shall feel it my bounden duty to send you back to Victoria for identification,' added the Captain, with a smile. The tramp shuddered. God help us ! There are some natures that nothing will change,' he muttered, more to himself than to his companion. The other heard, and replied in his soft, yet mocking voice — ' You are right, my friend. There are some men whom it would be useless to attempt to reform. Besides, justice de mands that every honest man must be protected from the rogue.' 'Just so,' replied the tramp That is the creed of your respectable churchgoer — the modern Pharisee, who goes his way rejoicing that he is one of the elect. The Lord help any poor wretch who should, even by accident, come between the wind of his — or her — saintship's nobility. I say, the Lord pity us poor fallen, weak, and sinful ones — we, whom Christ came to save! — pity and shield us from so-called Christian love, and the ready sympathy of our kind!' The Captain indulged in a hearty roar of laughter. ' Egad, my friend, the efforts of the gaol chaplain have evidently not been thrown away on you,' he said. ' Let me call your attention to the fact that you came here to seek my advice. Now to. business.' . "That's it, your Worship — to business,' said the tramp, at the same time pulling an old newspaper from an inner pocket of his coat, and opening it out before him. ' You said just now that the honeBt man must be protected from the rogue. Well, it is upon this one point I have sought an in terview with you.' ' Good ! Proceed.' ' What I have to say may appear somewhat strange to a gentleman like your Worship,' continued Grange ; ' but I can vouch for the truth of it. Some years ago a young man in the Civil Service, Victoria, became acquainted with — and, I may add, eventually married — a very wealthy widow. This same widow was old enough to be her husband's mother. She had sons and daughters much older than the man who took her to church, but that did not signify, The young man had not married for love, but money.' ' What was his name, friend ?' asked the Captain, lighting another cigar. ' Name ? Jasper Trenton Vane — better known amongst a certain horsey portion of the Melbourne community as " Tat Vane." As I was saying, your Worship, Vane married the widow for what she had, or, more properly speaking, what he could get from her. On their wedding day she gave him a cheque for five thousand pounds to settle certain debts of honour incurred on the turf. Soon after his marriage, Tat Vane made the acquaintance of two notables, viz., one Emile Barjew, a Frenchman, and an imported turfite — well-known on the English racecourse — Sydney Black. The latter kept a fashionable gaming hell — the resort of all the low and vicious of the city of Melbourne. Amongst such a worthy trio, Mrs. Vane's coffers underwent a severe drain. The good lady saw, when too late, to what a soulless wretch she had mated her self, and resolved to save the remnant of her money for her children. She absolutely refused to give her husband another penny. Vane had been a plump pigeon to pluck, but under the guidance of his friends he became a hawk in turn. The three men met in consultation one fine day, and determined that Mrs. Vane had lived long enough in this wicked world. It was well known to the hnsband that his wife had made a will leaving the bulk of her property to her eldest son. The three conspirators formed a plan to steal this document, and replace it with one in favour of the husband. Do you follow me, your Worship ?' ' With both ears, friend.' ' I need not detail to your Worship,' continued Grange, ' how the Frenchman managed to get into the house of Mrs. "Vane as cook. This man, although a villain, excelled in the culinary art. A certain cognac became the instrument by which he purposed to effect his ends, for the sole task of the crime had been entrusted to him. Chemists will tell you that a little brandy now and then is a very excellent remedy for many of the ills that flesh is heir to, hut brandy absorbed in everything you eat or drink continually becomes a sure and a deadly poison to the absorber. The Frenchman determined to kill his victim by small doses of brandy. To say by what means the ruffian accomplished his crime ( for he did accom plish it) is beside my purpose. Mrs. Yane died, and was buried. When her will was opened, it was found that the whole of her property was left to her husband, without codicil or proviso whatever. Messrs. Barjew, Black, and Vane were in high feather for a time, but "murder will out," they say, and it came out in this case. A clever young medico, who' had attended Mrs. Yane, discovered sufficient evidence to warrant an enquiry. Enquiry led to the arrest of the offenders, who were committed for trial. If these three men had remained quiet, they would have been acquitted ; but Sydney Black, while in gaol, became alarmed for his own personal safety, and turned Queen's evidence.' ' Ah ! I see. Emile Barjew and the man Lane, or Vane, were hung ?' interrupted the Captain. ' Not so, your Worship. The Frenchman died in prison before his trial. Jasper Trenton Yane was found guilty, and sentenced to ten years at the Stockade, Pentridge.' ' And the informer Black — Sydney Black, I think you said V ' Was released, and went his way rejoicing,' added the tramp, quickly. 'Your story is a strange one, as you remarked just now,' said the Captain, after a long and thoughtful pause, in which he had mentally measured his companion as surely as an athlete may gauge the strength of an adversary. 4 Now, my friend, will you tell me what bearing any or either of these ruffians have on the matter at issue.' ' Certainly, your Worship. Jasper Yane, one of the three murderers, escaped from Pentridge, September, 1873— just five years and two months ago.' ' Well ?' 'I know where the escaped convict is to bo found at this moment,' said the tramp, slowly, and looking straight into the eyes of his companion. ' Indeed 1 Stop a moment ; your testimony had better be taken down m black and white,' and Captain Trenton rose up, and stretched forth his hand for the bell-rope. ' As you please, your Worship,' said the tramp. In the act of ringing the Captain paused. ' Perhaps I had better hear all you have to say, my friend It may save time.' CHAPTER XII. Fencing. jjgjg.0 greater contrast could be found than between these PI f iu T1' T, onf ea8er> and watchful as a lynx : Pi \vlll ? £ C<? ' careless' and cynically indifferent. Por7oe.tter < wh£f 7 hfve t0 say,' repeated the P . " all, the whole business may not be worth investigating.' 1 'Your Worship will think differently by-and-by,' said Grange. ' Perhaps so, my friend ; but first I should like to know something about yourself. By your own showing, you have only just emerged from Pentridge. How did you get there 7' Jo ' For stealing a racehorse — so my prosecutors said,' replied the tramp. . ' Of course you did not steal the animal, friend V ' No,' said Grange, not appearing to heed the sarcasm ; ' I am an old cavalry man — a sort of useless commodity in the colonies. After a few ups and downs, I managed to get a billet as one of the grooms to Major Weldou, a noted sports man, who at that time owned some of the crack racers of the day.' ' Do you mean Major Weldon, of Pinefalls Station.' ' The same, Captain. The Major had his stud at Haw thorne, under the care of Harvey Thomas, his trainer. Before that I had been groom to Jasper Vane, and, having somehow got myself mixed up with the trial of that gentlemen, inas much as I was obliged to give most ugly evidence against him and his confederates, the trainer hesitated to employ me. I got a place, however, and my especial care was to watch and ward a grand chesnut called the Cardinal, whom Thomas was preparing for the Cup. One evening, three weeks before the great race, I received a note from the trainer to bring the Cardinal over to Flemington. I obeyed. On the road I was beset by three men, who dragged me from the saddle, and stupified me with chloroform. Insensible, they conveyed me to an old untenanted house on the Sydney-road, beyond Coburg, where I was found by the police two days afterwards. I told my story, but was disbelieved, and sent to gaol on suspicion of haying sold or made away with my charge. While I was in prison, the horse was found by the police. This was after the Cup had been run for A man named Danglars, in whose possession Cardinal was discovered, swore that I had sold him the animal for £30, A witness corroborated this man's evidence, and, hi 1 presto 1 I was settled.' The tramp paused to wipe the perspiration from his rugged I&CG;, sentence was seven years on the roads of the colony, he first year in irons,' continued Grange. 'I was alone— without kith or kin to mourn my degradation ; so didn't mind i „ the7 dd wfth me By degrees, however, the whole force of the damnable injustice done to me began to plague my thoughts. In that hell-hole, the quarry, and be neath a fierce sun, they made the cripple work with the reBt. Many a time I have hewn with my pick a rough outline in e solid granite of the man's face who swore my name and my liberty away, and it has given me a savage pleasure hack ing it out of all shape and likeness of anything human again —as, I swear to you, I will do with the real face of the villain who has plunged me into such misery.' A loud grunt from the Captain, but whether of assent or dissent at the speaker's threat none could say. I had not been long in Pentridge, your Worship, before I became intimate with my old master Jasper Yane. Some- \ i i clever way of reasoning, he managed to convince me that he had no hand in the death of his wife. We were in the same gang, and, one day — feeling his way cau lously with me at first — he proposed a plan for our escape ondage. Some of his friends outside — and, I may say, r. Vane appeared to have some very faithful and daring rien s— managed to secrete the necessary appliances amongst eroc s m the vicinity of the quarry. Acting on the advice ?, ane» f secreted the tools about my person, and conveyed em safely to my cell. This being accomplished, my friend walked straightway to one of the warders and disclosed the plot — save and except his share in it. Jasper Vane was pro moted to an easier life for his — zeal, your Worship, while I — well, I don't remember much of the next twelve months, for I was as one taken out of the gladsome sight of the sun into the murky blackness of hell. When I came forth again, lo 1 the treacherous scoundrel had vanished. He had made me the stepping-stone to a more sure plan of escape for himself, which he succeeded in effecting.' ' Ah ! I see my friend. Vane, as you call him, was never captured V ' No.' ' And how long is it since he escaped from Pentridge ?' ' Between five and six years ago.' ' Humph ! A man may change considerably in that time,' says the Captain, reflectively. 'Jasper Trenton Vane will never change in this world out of my recognition of him,' cried the other, solemnly. ' Five years, or twenty-five, will make no difference to me.' You say you know where this man is at the present time ?' ' Yes ; I know.' ' Did you come here to give the information to me because I am a Magistrate ?' ' That's it, your Worship. I want your help to capture this man, and send him back again to Pentridge,' responds Grange, quietly, at the same time taking up the faded news paper before him. ' If you will read this, you will find there is a reward offered for hisurecapture.' Captain Trenton stretches forth his hand, takes the paper, then rises and goes to the window with it. £500 REWARD. The above will be paid over to any person who will give information leading to the capture of Jasper T. Vane, who escaped from Pen tridge Stockade Prison, Victoria, on the 8th of November, 18 — . Description— Height, 5 ft. 10 in. Fair complexion ; eyes blue ; has a method of half closing them when looking at anything ; prominent nose, with scar on bridge ; mouth good ; lost one tooth left upper side ; about 30 years of age — appears younger ; address gentlemanly. Information to be forwarded to the Commissioner of Police, Mel bourne. 'The description is very minute?' says the Captain, glancing from the paper to his companion. ' Does it fit the original ?' 'Pretty well, I think.' (To he continued.) 