The greatand constantly increasing demand for '? penny dreadfuls' is one of the worst features in modern literature ; and with each succeeding year these publications appear to more incredible. The ' penny dreadful' of to-day is fiction with the intellect left out— that is to say it was left out of the writer ; and the only brains in the whole combination are those which are plentifully spattered over the bloodstained deck of the pirate schooner, when boarded by a band of wildly improbable British tars. The natural and daily occupa tion of the latter class appears to be that of charging, sword in hand, oo something or other ; and they are so perpetually engaged in cheering that it would appear as if they never opened their months for any other purpose. The heroes of the story are mainly of the Byronic order, though here and there we meet with Montgomery's murderer by way of a change — the gentleman who stood at midnight on the heath with ' his asby lips in cold convulsion spread. ' Lara and the Corsair, however, ore the favourite rnrtflpfo, and we meet with these again and again, until we are tempted to cry like the Israelites in the wilderness—as represented in Colonel Ingersoll's revised version — 'my soul abhorreth hash.' The unities, as the dramatists lore to term them, are conspicuous only by their absence ; and we meet with the heroes in such incongruous places that we begin to think tbe world is turning upside down. To a novelist of the peculiar stamp to which we allude, it would be nothing to represent the Giaour riding down Bolsover-street with his Arrant band, and slaughtering the noble Hassan just as that valiant Osmanli emerges from the School of Arts. Or else, perhaps, he plunges into the realm of historical romance, and tnen we may find Hannibal ' driving Napoleon Bonaparte across the plains of Gibraltar,' or Christopher Columbus, in a Roman toga and arrived with a gladiator's sword, chasing vermillion savages through the American backwoods. A Victorian author of this grammar, and more grammar *??!'' ability* has taken it into bis head that Queensland is one of these ftgions of mystery and crime in which his soul delights, and doubtless his effusions will be read with interest and the deepest faith by a multitude of readers. Re viewing his work a southern contemporary aayB : — 'We have a North Queensland labour ship as a fnll-blown pirate, manned by sangui nary ruffians, with a concealed fortress in Twliiti, and the ship is ultimately sunk, after a bloody engagement, by a wax vessel, under the direction of the virtuous French com mandant.' Vet this Bort of composition goes a. long way to make what is termed public opinion in England. The lover, perhaps we might say the lowest class have acquired a vast share of political power ; and to many of them anything that comes behind a yellow cover is gospeL if it is the pleasure of tenth rate novelists to represent our colonists as a horde of blood-stained filibusters, there is no law to Iprevent them doing so ; and all we can do is to ask that the authors may be pleased to pot a little less gore and a little more brains into their future productions. For British statesmen to be over-reached, outmanoeuvred and outdone by foreigners is now a matter of such common occurrence that the prospect of one more swindle of the kind seems hardly worth mentioning. Recent news from Egypt, however, seems to point to the chance of a worse Jtaxeo even than those to which \re h&ve; lately grown accustomed. Ever since Arabi Pasha^s insurrection the great object of British diplomacy has been to prevent the Ottomans gaining any secure foot hold in Egypt ; and though on more tiian one the despatch of a Turkish army to the land of the Pharaohs, the restrictions imposed were of such a character that the Sultan preferred to stand aloof. The mission of Dervish Pasha, shortly before the bombardment of A^**'iTi- dria, led to nothing ; for that wily Asiatic found himself opposed single-handed to a nation in arms, and tbe hero of Batoum was swept away with the tide and reduced to a mere cipher amoo* the armed and. angry multitudes. But the Porte has now, for the second time, gained a voice in the affaire of Egypt, and tbe man who bas been selected as ness. It is significant that the choice fell in this instance upon a soldier rather than a diplomatist. Ahmed Moukhtar Pasha is emphatically the fighting man of the Ottoman empire, and few European commanders axe such adepts at stonewalling an overwhelming enemy. His title of Ghazi, orthe Victorious, was won in Armenia during the last war, and his wonderful running fight frouj Ardaban to Zewin probably did more for the Turkish c*.ase than even Osman s much praised defence of Keroa. The business of this strong willed Oamanli is now to re-establish the Sultan's influence in the Egyptian councils, and apparently he is doing it in a way which seriously threatens Britain's hard ?won supremacy. Already he seems to have acquired a strong hold upon the weak- minded 4^-hedive, and even at this late hour he is fagt paving the way for a Turkish occup^iaon of Egypt. His fame bas reached Cairo before him, and his name, uhich, by-fche-bye, few of our contemporaries appear able to spell twice iii the same way, is a power in the jand. Jf tbe Egyptian fellah possessed a vote and knew how to use it, he would undoubtedly plump for Moukhta-r Pasha, in .preference to .Sir Henry Drummond Wolff or any other foreign representative j and the chances ate that since the Ottoman general has secured a place in the Khedive's councils, he will quietly hold his ground, until some exigency compels the llritish troops to withdraw for ii^u»ter oi tili titji»tioD, The home govern* meet has already been brow-beaten by Russia, and over-reached by Germany ; and it only requires now that they should pe sold by tie Turks to make the happiness of the British taxpayer complete. We are glad to learn that there is at length a prospect of spirits being induced to render some genuine service to mankind. In speak - imr thus we may explain, to avoid any mis conception, that we do not allude, however remotely, to temperance matters, the spirits in question being of the disembodied — not the disembottled— order. Ever since the days of the Witch of Endor men have been possessed with the desire to commune with their own — and other people's— ancestors, and have en deavoured to do so, with more or less success — generally less. Hamlet met with better fortune in this respect than the majority of mortals, but he knew about as little of spirits as does Sir Wilfred Lawson, and irreverently addressed his parent as an '* old mole,' a term which is probably equivalent to the 'old hoss' of modern America. Owen Glendyr was in the habit of calling spirits from the vasty deep, but as tbe spirits did not roll up in response to his summons we are inclined to think we could do as much ourselves. Spiritualism now-a- days has produced better results than in tbe times of the old Welsh magician ; and the ghost of Julius Ceesar or Marcus Brutus comes in answer to the pleasant evening rattling the remains of his skeleton against the leg of a mahogany table, in replying to questions which he could ? never have answered while in the flesh. But hitherto nothing tangible has resulted from these manifestations, excepting perhaps a little damage to furniture, and it is therefore all the more gratifying to learn that there is a prospect of our spectral visitants being turned to good purpose. An Italian mediatn, who has devoted years to converse with the overproof spirits of the departed has been endowed by his familiars with tiie gift of prophecy, and believes this to be the natural result of his deep etody of the occult science. Should this be the case Spiritualism may reckon on gaining many thousands of adherents. There is no gift for which men would pay so lavishly as that of reading the future, and if it is to be acquired mankind will have it or ' bust.' The num ber of ways in which a really reliable prophet might be rendered useful, too, is incalculable. A prophetic policeman, for example, would knew what was going on round tbe corner, and would probably as a conseqnence keep on tbe near side of it, antil the coster in the next street had quite finished ' jumping on his mother,' and relapsed into * state of quietude. A prophetic poet, again, would know better tW to trouble ns with these verses on ' The Coming of Spring,' because he could foretell exactly what the fate of his manuscript would be; and we are prepared to give high wages to any prophetic com positor who may chance to be disengaged. There is, of course, a danger that seers may one day become too numerous. A time may come when H will be impossible to spit twice consecutively ont of a window without hitting a prophet ; bnfc that event is yet very- l&r; off, and for the present we wish to give the movement all possible encouragement. We confess to having but little sympathy with faith healers and spiritualists, but all the prophet* with whom we have the pleasure of being acquainted with proved themselves men of the most estimable chai&cter;, and as a class we think they deserve to prosper. The scarcity of men is one of the great diffi culties of the present day, and judging from a letter in one of our contemporaries, this evil is beginning to be felt even in Australasia. In England the superior animal has long been in a decided minority, and nothing short ot the introduction of polygamy, seems likely to restore the H^11^. In America ladies at one time were very scarce, but this state of things has long since passed away. The early settlers of New England were men of reli gious tendencies, and the command to multi ply and replenish the earth was one which had great weight with them. Families of twelve and fifteen were not uncommon ; and the old Puritan, when he reared ten daughters to womanhood, entertained no idea of the wrong he was doing to posterity. Somehow, in those days, daughters were numerous and sons were scarce ; and the evil has been per petuated ever since. Perhaps it b on account of this circumstance that so many American ladies have taken refuge in law and medicine, in the pulpit, on the lecture platform, and even in politics — anywhere in fact where their surroundings give a fictitious dignity to that unjustly despised and contemned indi vidual, the old maid. Id Australia the gentler sex have not come to this pass yet, bat in the neighbouring colony of New Zealand tbey seem to be tast approaching it. Mr. Turn bull, M.H.R., has brought aii avalanche of devoted spinsters upon his bead. Mho are demanding tbat he should procure them husbands, or point oat how they may find partners for themselves ; and as it happens he has only himself to blame for the misfor tune that has befallen him. In a moment of rash self-confidence he undertook the dis: tribution of prizes at the girls' school in Timaru ; and after the ceremony he filled up tbe measure of bis folly by giving a little Bjbl£ lesson to his auditors. He took for his subject the story of Isaac and Kebccca, and on tn£s tjfieme the misguided wretch dilated at great length, showing hou- tbe good qualities of tfee heroine procured her the reward of a husband, and virtually telling hie eager listeners to go ana do likewise, ije inqa.nya (heir zeal, too, by telling them of the felicity of the married state, till it dawned upon their minds that it would be well to devote tbe vacation to the search for husbands, ami abandon grammar and geography for ever more. Next day, however, the unfortunate man met the just reward of his misdeeds, when five hundred iodi^ottuc ppineters fell upon him and crashed him flat. Tbe popula tion of Timaru, it may be nwntioned, , is only about five thousand; and of these no less than ten per cent consist of Udies looking ont for husbands ; while of the others about thirty per cent are married people, forty per cent are children, and the miserablef raction remaining, after deducting civil servants, misanthropic old bachelors, lunatics, and confirmed Tronic ards, would not furnish partners for one fourth of the ladies who may be reckoned eligible. The latter, therefore, stamgly object to Mr. TuxnbuU's conduct, in inciting the bread and butter misses of the public school to enter the lists against them. fitore over, they consider Rebecca a presuming young upstart, and Isaac a very common place and much over-rated patriarch. One young l&dy; who Bi£ns ticneu ' RirnH) writing to the local jonnial, concludes an in dignant letter as follows :— 'I would respect fully remind onr worthy M.H.R. that there are five hundred giris in this town who would willingly draw water for tigers — let alone camels — if tiiey coold be sure of getting an Isaac at the well, and would get up quite as early in the morning as Rebecca did.' There are no wells, bythe-bye, in Timaru, but tbe young ladies, if they like to try the experi ment, may get up early in the winter morn ings, and take their stand by tbe Corporation water-tank to await results. (Tnfortunately, however, there is no guarantee that the same reward will be bestowed upon them as fell to the lot of Rebecca, and the chances are in favour of meeting a swagsman with a bull-dog, rather than a patriarch with a camel. Mr. Tumbull, M.B.R., had better, we should think, choose some less exciting passage of Scripture on hiB next public appearance, for matrimonial topics are a sore point now in New Zealand. 