.EH1OES OF MELBOUUlNE. [BY THE GHOST.] The business of legislation has run smoothly during the week, and the Govern ment has been able to make satisfactory progress with the Irrigation Bill. Thisroe sult has been achieved by the tactics pur sued by the ministry. Instead of sur mounting the obstacles as they present themselves in the measure, the clauses that would have produced debate have been postponed, and the discussions in committee will be revived. Messrs. Gillies anid Deakin have shown themselves so ready to fall in with the views of the opposition that criticism of the measure has been disarmed, and when the Irriga tion bill emerges from the Assembly after its third reading, it will be sadly shorn of the charms which caused its advent to be so joyfully hailed by the farmers, for there are to be no "free grants" and in all probability the "postponed"pro posal not to charge interest on loans for the first five years of their currency will also be negatived. Moreover, it has been determined that the amounts to be paid by the farmers for water are to cover the interest on the amounts expended on the head works coming under the category of National works. The farming community will thus only get what they are compelled to pay for. They were certainly led by Mr. Deakin, when the Irrigation Bill was first introduced to expect much more favour able treatment. There were to be free grants, large reservoirs constructed by the State, no interest charged on loans for five years, and in some cases, no interest at all to be paid. All these boons have now been denied them, and it will not give cause for much wonder if the " country party," composed as it is mainly of representa tives of the agricultural constituencies shows its feeling of disappointment on the first critical division in which the fate of the Government is at stake. In the absence of questions of interest to the community elections for the Council are notas a rule provocative of much ex citement. A stranger inVictoria on Thurs day last would certainly have failed to reali=o that an important event in the Parliamentary history of the colony was taking place over a fifth of its political area. Yet on that day elections in six of the provinces, into which for Council electoral purposes, Victoria is divided took place. In three instances the retiring mem bers were re- elected,the forhtunate aspirants for Upper House honotrs being Messrs. Wm. Pearson, W. E. Stanbridge, and James Buchanan. In two constituencieesnew men replace the -ld members, Messrs. Roberts and Dowling taking the places recently occupied by Messrs. Meares and Wetten hall. The change will in no degree affect thp ponatitution of the Second Chamber. Both the rejected ones belong to the class of "respectable mediocrities," and-to borrow ft on the Mikado-" they never will be missed." The only close contest was in the Wellington province, which claims Ballarat as its capital,where only one votes divided Messrs. . W. Gor, and I. D. Wanliss, the numbers being respec tiyely 2512 and 2511. It is to be regretted that .?r. Wanliss, who founded the "Blflar at layr," and was for years its able editor, did not'seouro the seat. His talents as a writer on Constitutiional law are widely known, and his presence in the Gouncil would have materially added to the mental calibre of that House. It is to be hoped that the offer of .£500 and a free pardon to the accomplices will insure the discovery of the wretch or wretches who attempted a few mornings since to hurl a train to destruction by re moving a rail from a culvert on the line from Melbourne to Geelong. A more wantonlydiabolical act of senseless'mischief has never before been perpetrated. No motive can be assigned for the intended crime. His Excellency the governor was, to have been a passenger at a later period of the day; but Sir Henry Loch is so widely and deservedly popular that the attempt at murder cannot have been planned in his regard, and even a did charged railway servant would pause be fore endeavouring to seek '"revenge" for his supposed wrongs on an innocent public. Black trackers, detectives, and policemen have all failed to afford any clue to the offenders, who in all probability will escape the penalty-a death penalty Mr. Zux M.L.A. would fain make it-which they richly deserve. Mr. Gillies is evidently a believer in the doctrine that prophets should enjoy no honour in their own country. He has granted free railway passes to members of chambers of manufactures of other colonies, to visiting firemen, and to anll an 1: sundry who come to Victoria fromi " foreign c parts." Militia men, members of the Vic- 1 torian naval forces of all grades, and t members of the legislature of all the Aus- i tralasian colonies can use theVictorian rail ways at their sweet will and pleasure with out the disagreeable formality of first pro- t viding, themselves with ticlkets But lie hesitates at extending the privilege to I tihe pioneer legislators of the colony, who in the early days before payment of members brought "patriots", of-the stamp. of the representative of PRdney to the front, gave their gratuitous sereices to the country of their adoption, and framed the Constitution under which the Premier now flourishes. The Minister is awaiting the decision of the Assembly, and it is to be hoped for the creditof'that body they will show a keener sense of gratitude than the "Pooh-bah" pluralist at the head of the Government. Coming frosm the popular House the recipients of the long deferred favour will certainly appreciate it more fully than if they owed it to the will of any sihglo individual, and they will, moreover, have the satisfactiomi of.not being under any sense of obligation to " the honorable Duncan G illies." That Mr. William Lockhart Morton deserves well of the squatters of Australasia few will deny. lie invented the sheep-dip and swing gate, thus saving many goodly amounts which would otherwise have been expended on futile labour. But why whould this gentleman who has only specially benefited one class he rewarded by the entire.people of the colonies ? There are many thousands-in fact the great majority of Aust:'lasians-who never saw a sheep dipped, or drafted by means of the swing gate. Why should they be called neion to pay ? Forty years, too, is a long period during which to allow gratitude to slumber, indeed few are in a position to awaken it after such a lengthened sleep. Mr. Morton's "select committeo" of the Legislative Assembly now sitting will in all probability afiirm that the credit of the invention named is due to Mr. Mforton, but the committee should not recommend any apportionment of Government funds as a recompense for his ingenuity. The pastoral tenants of Australasia have surely cash and gratitude enough to obviate the neces sity for any such "' free grant" of public funds. What to do with a bust of Sir Samuel Wilson, which after lying on one of the Melbourne wharves for an indefinite period has at length found a temporary home in the precincts of the University is the question now exercising the minds of our Academical dons. No one seems to know 'whence "the counterfeit present ment" of the founder of the Wilson Hall has come, and all that can be told about it is that tlhe widow of Marodalo Wood the sculptor has written "asking for a cheque." To this request the Council of the Univer sity strongly demur. They consider it "very unlike the original," and have ordered the !' imperishable marble" to be "forthwith removed." The most curious part of the affair is that no one knows whence the bust comes, who ordered its execution, or who is expected to pay for it. Even Sir Samuel Wilson himself, writes professing his ignorance on these points. Perhaps the best way of disposing of the despised work of art would be to ship it to Portsmouth where it might be erected on a a suitable pedestal to servo as a reminder to the electors of the borough that their choice had fallen on an individual, whose classic features unknown artists were proud to transmit free of cost to posterity. 