IB IE P O X B L ^ CLV. [We do not hold ourselves rcsiiojisible for the opinions expressed by correspondents. POLICE OKiriOIOUSNESS. (To the Editor of the Times.) I request you will oliow mo spftce to reply to your foot note appended to my letter in last week's issue, on the above subject, as it impugns the correctness of my assertions, and implies that they rc inspired by prejudice. You state that the person first referred to pleaded guilty to the cliargo of "drunk and disorderly." Wc all know the elasticity of this pot iudictiuunt, and how a policeman's oath can cast such a glamour over the strictest sobrioty, as to make any of ns liable to the same charge. Not only myself, but other eye-witnesses are confident that the man was not drunk, end as to being disorderly"—well, if the ghost of Sam. Johnson happened to be straying about and heard such an adjective applied to the man's conduct, I am sure would be so £Hed with resentment never more to "visit the pale glimpses of the moon." When an unfortunate spends a night, in the watchhouse,and in the morning is surrounded in a police court with all the grim paraphernalia of the law, including,'of I course, the austere frowns of the attendant officers, he is not much concerned how he pleads, and generally thanks his stars for escaping with a fine, or a few more days " ill quod." The essential principle of law is " to protect one man against the trespass of bis neighbour, and to preserve equal liberty to all" — so says Herbert Spencerbut our - budding judiciaries have a definition of their own which in police lingo may be expressed thus: "If that 'ere man hain't got no quid and he don't walk quite straight, 'e must in the hinttrests hov Justico be run in." While theft is going on in private dwellings, horses and cattle are being stolen daily in the district, and mean and annoying practical "jokes" (?) are played on respectable people, our police arc sneaking about hotel windows, peeping through, cracks, and shepherding harmless individuals who happen to.be inoffensively jolly. "O temporal 0 mores f let us exclaim -with the Eouian satirist. You say my statement that people are afraid to come into the town absurd." Ridicule is not logic; and •when. I inform you that X have the testimony of at least two respectable citizens to support my assertion, you •will, I presume, admit its correctness, or, at any^rate, that it is far from "absurd." Police despotism has been a serious question in Nagambie for a long time, and as we are not subjects of the Czar of.all the Kussias, or convicts in the' Siberian mines, I assume we are free to state our grievances through the press, which has been termed before DOW " the palladium of Butoos' liberty." Yours, &c.;, | AN INDIGNANT BRITON. 