TURF TOPICS AND ART(CiP£T?Q3S. BY Asmodeus. litko tlio mnjonty of meetings hold under tho auspicee of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club, the February fixture is fust attaining to a position of protninonoe, of which fact pretty demonstrative evidonoe promises to bo forth coming this afternoon, for which occasion a rcc/mrciw bill of fare has been provided. Accord ing to present appearances tho fields pro mise to bo unusually largo, end as tho favorito heath novor lookod in hotter order than it does at prosent, an enjoyable outing is promised. Tho Hurdle Race will ho the first event submitted for discussion. Tho field pro mises to bo moro than ordinarily formidable, and I shall bo prepared to see the plucos filled from amongst Master Finetop, Sinking Fund, Mirth and Hippogriff. The Kun, Donald and Aglaos aro very likely candidates for the Criterion Stakes, and I like them in the order named. Next in rotation comcB tho chief ovent of tho day. the Oaklcigh Handicap. When the weights first appeared I remarked that it looked as if a mistake had been madu with Breczo in letting him in with fist. Bib., after his brilliant display at Elstern wick Parle. - HU moro recont viotory at Mooneo Valloy strengthens this opinion, hut tho oho3tnut lias thereby incurred a.. 7 lb. penalty, which raisos his impost to 7 St. 1 lb., or 3 lb. loss than he won with last Saturday. The Mordialloc staldo will bb hard to boat, with Ironmaster S at. 2 lb., and Xuntiupe 7 st. 6 lb. St. Odillo has lo put lip a ponalty, which places hor at 6 st. 11 lb., and even on these terms sho cannot bo ignored after hor meritorious display at Qeelong. Another filly I ontertain aparliality for is Juanna, 7 st. 7 lb., au undoubtedly good lanimal when well. Umbra 7 st. 3 lb., is another flyer ; whilo Silver Mine 7 st, 9 lb. , The Ghost 8 St. 11 lb., aud Fair Ellon 7 st. 7 lb. must each and all bo rated dangorous. To attempt a placo selection, I shall name them thus: — Coronet, Juanna, St. Odillo. For a good rough outsider, recomuiond mo to Salvo. I liko Studley, Progress and Sailer in the order indicated for the Steeplechase; and in tho probable absence of such superior platers as Dirk Hattoraiok, Mistake and Breeze, the Selling Race may go to Tho Chanter or Snip. Tho . Hawkeburn Handicap will form an interesting featura in tho aftornoon's affairs, and the placos may be filled by Danlop, Gipsy's Warning and Moonslieo or Bohemian. . Last Saturday's racing at Mooneo Valloy was unfortunately productive of an accident which vividly called to mind recollections of the appalling catastrophe at C'aulfield, and whoii G'hildo ifarold, Berkeley, Aobmot, Phan tom, Violot and Gonoo were porcuivod to tumble over each otlior in rapid succession, fears were imminent of another slaughter of .jockeys aud hors03. It was with feelings of relief that five of the b!x riders were seen to regain their lege after the horses had ewept past. Tho only inoapable jockey was little Macdonald, tho rider of Violot, who was found toliavo received a severo concussionof the brain, and was subsequently removed to the Alfred Hospital, whoro the poor little fellow died on Monday. Soon after he fell ha re- ceivod tho assistance of Drs. Owen and Baok- houso, who wcro present on tho course. Ten horses started for the La Rose Handicap, tho conrso at tho timo being in a very slippery icoudition, owing to a heavy shower having fallen just prior to tho start for the race. Though tbo course is a very safe one, the run ning ground being kept in excellent order, it was still quite likely that a fall might occur under the circumstances, and it unfortunately happened that the horso to fall was the leader, jChilde Harold, Phantom was nearest to bini, and ho swerved aud stumbled, getting rid of his rldor, Ellis. . Berkeley, who was next, foil, 'and then camo Aclimet, Violet and Gonoe, who Toll ovor one another. Tho jockeys, Woasol, Ellis, Banco, Flannagan and Williamson, all got ,up almost unhurt, aud walked in, whilo their riderless stoeds went ou in pursuit of Salvo, .Mavourneen, Islander, and Bnroaldine, who had escaped the mClce. Later in the day Flannagan got another fall on Mln Gara, again escaping uninjured. Tim 'successful light woight will thus havo reason to remember tho La Roso and La Roy llaudicaps for soma time to come. ; To revert to tho racing, Qninlin Matsop oponcd with ou easy viotory iu tho Maiden Plato, whereupon thoro was a run 011 him for tho Newmarket Handicap, in whioh I10 is tvoightcd at 7 st. 3 lb. Ho was backed to win a good stako, hie prico oyentually short coming to 100 to 5. Quiutin Matsop is a vary handsomo 6- 'year-old horso, by Tubal Gain, from Pride, and consequently bred at Bundoova. Ho 'nover raced beforo he foil Into Mr. \V. iE. Daltin's hands a few months ego. His first 'appearance on a rnoooourso was in tho January Handicap nt Flemington. Previously ho had lioen. doing 6tud and hack duties in tho neighborhood of Goolong. Ho' is a grand looking horso,' etnnding 16 hands 1 inch, dark chestnut in color, with a promi nent whito blaze and legs. Ho is in ovory respect a . perfeot gontloman in appearance, and as I10 is as yet quite green to tbo business there is no knowing how good ho may provo himself. Apart from tbo inferiority of tlie field opposed to him last Baturdny, he ehotvod n dcoidod disposition to gallop. It is somewhat unfortunate that ho is not nomi nated for tho Oakloigh Handicap, whereby a hotter line would bo obtainable relative to ' liis Nowmarlcet liandloap prospects. Ishmaol was well supported by tho Caulflold division, but ha had 110 show against Qulntin Matsep, and, moroovor pullod up very lamo. After the ranks of tho aandidatos for the La Rose Handicap had boon Ihinuodby eixof tho loading competitors coming to griof, Salvo was fairly in his element in such a small field, and romped hams an easy wiuaor in advance of Islander and Mavourncon, both of which wore hoavily supportod. Tlio odds laid on 8nip for tho Selling Rnco wore novor in doubt, and Allander won tho La Roy Handicap with a bit iu hand, albeit had not so muoh osa been mada n( Soldier Boy tho up country nag . would havo showed to greater advantage at tho finish. Dulcet upset a hot pot in Trishna for tho Novel Soiling Race, aud Breozo brought tho performance to a closo by easily settling hie field in tho February Hancicap, for which ho was heavily supported. Tho entries for the V.R.C. autumn meeting afford further demonstrative proof of the bene ficial results forthcoming consequent on tho adoption of tho 1 sov. nomination system. The only exceptions aro tho Hurdlo Race -and Stooploohaso, aud why these' distinctions should bo mado in tho case of jumping oontests it is difficult to comprehend. Wore it desirable to make concessions ono \viay or tho other, tho satno should lie iu favor of jumpers rathor than against thorn, for tho simplo faot that tho expenses of schooling hurdlo' racers and jumpers are grantor tlia'n fhoso attached to tlio preparing of horses on the flat, whilo jockeys' fees.arolikev/iso heavier. Besides, in tho matter of breeding our best jumping exponents compare favorably with thoir contemporaries on tlio flat ; and surely it is us dcsirablo to brood - horses of tho Denmark and Meruder, The Agout, Duration, Hazard and Hippogriff stamp as it is to encourago tho cultivation of fashionable weeds. Tho sweeps aro also heavier in the jumping than in the flat raots. For instance, the added money to tho Hurdle Race and tho Steoplechaso is 250 sovs. and 300 sovs. respectively, the sweep in each case being 10 bovh. ; wliilo all the other races onlered for lost Monday have a standard sweep of 5 sovs., the added money to which in eovorai instances equals tho amount attached to tho Steeple chase, and in one case exceeds it by 50 sovs. It will thus bo gathered that owners of jumpers are placed at a disadvantage as compared with ownere who raco on tho flat. In order that Viotoria may maintain hor supremacy over tho sticks, it is dosirahlo that the V.R.C. ehoiihl extend every assistance iu that diroo- tion. Now that oheap nomination feos havo done so mnoh by way of rescuing both the Now Year's Day and Aulumn inooliugs from years of comparatively uninterrupted failure the cxcculivo of our premier club may sately pursue tho samo policy in regard to the Melbourne Cnp, Champion Stakes, Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup by reduoing tho sweeps attached thereto. It is essential in tho interest of sport that owners' liabilities bemadO as light as possiblo. Whenever gigantic stakes havo boon attempted, wherein nominators were expected to furnish the bulk of the money, the same have always ended in disappointment. Of this tho Eclipse Stakes iu England and tho Adelaide Cup, won by Malun, are Btriking exainplos. Thanks to the liberal spirit in which tho moro recent programmes of tho Y.K.C, have been framed, neither tho spring, summer nor autumn rdunions at Flemiugton are iikojy to suffer for tho want of an innovation which has proved unsuccessful elsewhere. Now that tho executive havo discovered an oifioacious antidote, thoy cannot do better than stick to it. Lot nominal nomination feoa and sweeps for ever be their motto. As I have previously re marked in theso columns, whenever there is a prospect of large fioids and interesting contests, bounteous patronago on behalf of tho publio can always be relied on. If horse owners, will only provide tho sport the publio can be de pended on to subscribo the funds. Tho ontrios whloh were published at .the commencement of the wook favor the an ticipation that the approaching oampaigu on tho famous fiat will provo tho most brilliant of the nuinorou3 autumn manoeuvres celebrated undor the auspices of the V.R.C. What a galaxy of taleat for tho Initial event, the Essendon Stakes, a weight for age contest over a milo aud a half of ground I Foremost is last year's runnor up, Malua, who, although not confronted by his old rival Commotion, is opposed by doughty opponents in Shaet Auohor, Reginald, Grace Darling, Sardius, Coronet, Welcome Jaok, and Duration. Kordenfeldt is a notable absentee, but tho thrco-year-olds nro well represented in Ring master, Thunderbolt, Winchester, Monte Ohristo, Cralla, First Prince and Matohlook. As all the foregoing are, with the exception of Winchester, engaged in tho St. Leger, to be do-: cided on tbo same day, the issuo will probably bo left to tho elder division. In point of enthusiasm thostruggle will fall little or nothing short of tho Championship Itself, and the winnor will in all likelihood furnish a tolerably reliable cluo to tho great throe mile raoo. Kordcnfeldt's name ie conspicuous by its absence right through the list of outrios, and the ohance3 of seeing Mr. White's ornck carrying silk in cither the St. Legor or Champion Stakes are extremely, re-: moto. .- J.; \- There is just now au apparent doarth -of weight tor ago horses in Now South Wales, a fact which forces itself upon us on perusing the ontrios for the ensuing autumn mooting.Rt Flemington. Athough well represented: in all tho' principal handicaps; with overy prospoot of success, Nordonfoldt's contretemps. >yiU leave the- sister colony with a ; poor chanco of proving victorious in oithor ;,the: Essendon or Champion Stakes, unlo33 Match-; lock or Monto Christo comototho rescue. -.It is a significant fact that Mr. White's team' are tho only Now South WbIos representatives likely to put in an appearance for tho races men tioned. South Australia, on the other hand, will have an excellent weight for age. candi date in Sardius, who lias thrown off all traces of tho Caulflold Cup disaster. There Is much weeping, wailing and gnashing of teeth among tho roaogniBod uadcrtakors iind dead meat men gonornlly over tho Nordonfoldt episode. This timo it was not the ktiQti scented nostrils of tho eons of Israel that sniffed tbo carcase from afar, but tho lynx oyo of tho "blatant Englishman" which disoovored tho corpeo, and he did not scruple to make tho most of tho " find." Ho bartered with tho wholesale traders in their own com modity, and did a roaring business before the atmosphere became taintod with tho uu whole some carrion. Fortunately, it was tho ¦pro fessional dealors and habitual foroslullcrs wlio wore subjootcd to tho " milking" process,-, on thij occasion, and for onco m a wbj' a would- bb j idolised favorite has boon docontly buried-- an- j wept, without the mee.l of a publio tear. Muob as Mr. A hi to is to bo sympathised with, it cannot bo denied that tho retire-, mout of Nordonfoldt will tend to inoreoso public,' interest in both tlio St. Loger and Champion Stakes. Had tho crack kept right the chances are that ho would have loft tho paddook an' "odds on favorito for both ovonts, and now that ho is out of tho way it will bo enrious to - know what candidates will bo soleotod to fill tha positions oftavorites. Tha St. Logor and Essen don Stakes, tobedecidodontheopcningday, will be tho ohief factors in rospeot to forming a Champion Stakes market. Present appear-: ances are certuinly iu favor of tho winners of these two raoos, and without wishing to ossay a- tip thus early, I fancy tho best of tha older division will have the call of tlie 3- i year-old, unless Matchlock proves a worthy substitute for his fwrs tie combat stable associate In the St. Loger his most i .liiiidablo rivals will spring from, amongst Ringmaster, Thunderbolt, Remus and First Prince. Isouomy would prove a worthy : foe were he to come over. Sunny Days, Soio, < Dunlop, Porohaneo, Highland Chief and ifa- roondah aro tho only others with a chanoe of : competing against the best of Mr. White's loom. _ ! A few weeks ago I called attention to tho ; remarkable fact that a horso should have bean allowed to run on the English turf at a wrong ' age for five consecutive seasons. Tho same, however, appoars to have beau the case, tho horse in question being 'Pattcru, who won soven raco3 daring the lato season, for all of . which ho has since been disqualified. Tlio bet ting authorities have ruled that beta go with > stakes, so that some ourious complications must have arisen. Tho Haciw/ (Jakmltiv says that Captain Middlcton and Mr. Graham, the pre- . sent and late owners of Pattern, have refunded ail tho stnkcs won by tho horso whilst in thoir possession, nud for whloh ho was orronoously . entered as five years instead of six, and tho money lias been paid ovor to tho owner of tho . socond horso in oach race. In consequence of the the scarcity of rolling stock, and want of timely notice, tho railway authorities aro uuable to supply a special train service for the Williamstown race meeting in- . tended to ho held on the 20th inst. Tho club lias necessarily been put to a doul of expense, and havo selected the 23rd inst. as tho date of the mooting. As far as tho racing public are concerned there is uo urgent necessity for visiting 'Winiamstowii, seeing that there is a plethora of meetings announced to take place within tho metropolitan radius from this to tho end of March. Tho near approach of Iho V.R.C. Autumn Meeting is indicated by the daily arrival of horses from tho other colonies. The latest ad ditions at Flemington are Cheshara, Blair gowrie, Poter, Magnifier aud Maroondah, from Sydney, under tho care of Mr. '1'. Lamond. The flvo-year-old mare, Morcean, also front Sydfiey, has arrived in clinrgo of G. Jones. Mr. D. M. Itobortson has decided lo throw Anohorite out of work. After a spoil ho will ba again tnkon up and prepared for the next Mel bourne Oup. The steeplechaser, Denmark, niter a short respite irom active aorvicc, is again in slow work. Tho injury to Nordonfoldt, which will in all probability necessitate his withdrawal from his Autumn engagements, was caused by hla striking himself on tho near foreleg whils working at Flomlngton. Mr. Fennelly almost despairs of being able to get the big brown to the post this day fortnight, but if it is. possiblo to do so, and he can be raced without nny foar of injury he will ba started. Bookers, howoror, must he prepared for a reverse, as ; unless more favorable symptoms set in, there is no possiblo ohunce of Ms carrying silk till later on in the season. ' A meeting of the Benalla Race Club was held nt tho Royal Hotel on Saturday, when tho pro gramme for tho annual races, he held on tho first and 2nd April, was adopted, as follows First day: Trial Stakes, of 20 sovs.; Prince of Wales Handicap, of 60 sovs.j BonsIIa Handicap, . of 60 sovs. ; Selling Race, of 15 6ov.i. ; Flying Stakos, of 20 sovs. Second day : Handicap Hurdlo Raco, of 35 sovs.; Railway Handtoap, of '50 sovs.; Selling Raco. of 30 eovs.; Ladies' Bracelet, of 25 sovs. ; Consolation Stakes, of 15 sovs. Mr. Vowlcs was appointed hr.ndi- cappor. Tho following programmo has been adopted for the Wyndham meeting to bo hold on 5th March:— Hurdlo Race, of 40 eovo., one mile and a half: Selling Stake, of 50 sovs., five fur longs; Mnmbourln Handicap, of GO sovs., one milo; Flying Handicap, of 50 sovs., six fur longs; Trial Stake, of 30 sovs., half a mile, woight for ago. Nominations for tho nboyo races closo at Frevot'a Australian Hotol 011 Monday, tho 22nd inst. Tho committee of tho Casterfon RaoingClub hnvo framed tho following programmo for the moating to bo hold on 1st and 2nd April ! First Day: Handicap Hurdlo Race, £50 i .Trial Stakes, A'25; Juvenile Slakes, £30; Handioap Steeplecliaso, £60; Casterton Hnudi- 'cap, £60 ; Selling Race, £30. Socond Day : 'Handicap Hurdle Raco, £40; Racing Club Hundicap, £40 ; Hni.dioap Steeplechase, £40 5 ; All Aged Handicap, £20; Soiling Race, £45; Mounted Infantry Race, £10. Mr. J. F. Cussen, was appointed haiulioapper. Tho full pro grammo will shortly appear. Mr. R. J. Hunter's Bridegroom was weighed out for in tho Maidon Plate, at Moonoe Valley ; ! on Saturday, but as his owner'B name is in the . _ V.R.O. forfeit list for 35 sovs. tho colt was not allowed lo start. .. ' i The Australian Jookey Club programme for 1886, reoently to band, differs very Uttlo from tbo preceding y'oar's manifesto. The conditions and value of the principal raco3 are repeated. Tho A.J.C. Sires' and Champagne Stakes hava changed places on the first aud seoond days of the Autumn meeting, while tho value of. thr Doncastor Handicap has been increased from 100 sovs. .to 200 sovs. . These are the only per- cepiihle innovations.' . , . . M.vsrs.\y. C. Yuillo and Co- held a sals of m—m — — woohoi" 03 at Tattorsall's Bazaar, on Tuesday ISBt, u!jon tho following changed handB:— jffopotoi u, by Proto-Martyr— Indian Princess, Mr, Keli. -, 25 guinoas; Belmont, by King of tho plag— l. -'lia, Mr. A. B. Robertson, 55 guineas ; Pii-k Hur.cntick,- by Smuggler— Paradox, Mr. Dldridge, 190 guineas; Laudo, by King Arthur, Ur. Riley, 145 guineas. Sale promises to bo well worth a visit next week, when X anticipate seeing tho racing re sult something after this fashion : — Junior Stakes : Black Snako, Don Qiovan, FirstLady. All Aged Stakes: Lord Chancellor, Jacklloach, Eugenic. Disposal Stakes : Temptation, In surance, Prince Regent. Soiling Hurdle Raco t Brown Girl 1, Colonol 2. Salo Handicap : Gardenia, Jack Roach, Tantaliser. Hurdle Kaco: Fusilier, Brown Clirl, Canute. Stcople- qhase -. Trumpeter 1, Prido 2, Publicans' Purse: Gardenia, Lord Chancellor, Castilian. . Camp bell Plate : Mustang, Don Giovan. Tho Plunger, Anohorito and Oudcis have . l>ecn withdrawn from tho Champion Stakos, The next mooting at AVyndhnm is announced to take place on 5th March. Nominations close On tho 22nd Inst. The dale of the Williamstown raco mooting ha3 been fixed for tho 23rd instant. The meeting of the Seymour Raco Club will take place on the 24th inst., not tho 281b, as previously aunounced. .Further particulars liavo transpired relative to the entry for tho. Eclipeo Stakes, to ho run at \- Sandown X'ark in 1888. Although tho nomina tions are not so numerous as had boon wished, they still make a goodly show, and (remaks the ImiJoii S/iorltmaii) it is pleasant to read thoso lines which, tell that Mr. Louis Smith bus engaged: tho bay. colt Australia, : by Liberator out of Princess of Prussia, by South Australian (bred in Australia). Tho liorEe will bo three yearn old when' tlio raco is run, and all good sportsmen must bopo not only to seo him amongst Uio starters, but occupying a pro minent place at the finish of tho contoet. Ex cellent judges of thoroughbreds and Uorso racing who have visited this country from Aus tralia during tho last Tow years, express their Loliof that tho colonial cracks would comqwith credit out of a struggle against tho best wo could produco to oppose thou), more cspocinlly over long distances. Thero Is, no reason to suppose that such expcrieuced men aro mis taken in their estimate. Metal, by Sterling, purchased in England by Lord William Beresford from tho Duke of West minster for 800 soys., won tho Viceroy's Cup at Calcutta. Ho was ridden by Dunne, a light weight formerly attached to Matthow Dawson's stable. The victory is said to havo been ex ceedingly popular, and compensates Lord Bores- ford for tho breakdown of Barnacles, who was sent out the same time as Metal. Sting ran second to Metal, and Sir Grerillo third. Ring- wood and Statesman also took part in tho race. For the bettor protection of baudicappcrs from insult, tho English Jockey Clnb havo framed the following now rulo:— "Any person making a complaint personally to any official bull be liablo to bo fined. All complaints shallbc made In writing to tho stewards, who, if they shall consider them either frivolous or unwarranted, will inliict a lino on tho com plainant." " Among the. bequests of the late W. H. Van- durbilt, tho American sportsman and .mil lionaire, was .£20,000 to tho Moravian Church . of New Dorp. It is a striking faot, saya an American paper, that tho two largest church contributions should havo been mado by the former and tlio present owner of Maud S. , neither of whom over drove out on tho road on Sunday, ft is also a striking fact that Maud 8. noTcr wore harness on a Sabbath during tho whole riuie she was undergoing preparation for her two greatest triumphs, 2.09> and 2.08 J. < On tbo authority of Tie World a strong com bined attack is to be made next English season against sport in geuoral, but mora especially against hunting. : Our Sydney correspondent telegraphs that the committee of tho Australian Jockey Club have adrertisod for a starter at a salary of if50 per annum. They also intend presenting their lnle starter, Mr. W. Gannon, with a piece »f plate.- 