THE RIVAL CABLES. The New South Wales Government appear to have assumed the position of foster parent to the proposed cable between Australia and Vancouver's Island. The late Sir Alexander Stuart, on his way to England, interested himself in the line, and evidently came to some understanding with the Canadian authorities respecting it. His premature death has caused the advocacy of the undertaking in England to devolve upon Mr. Fleming and Mr. Want, the latter of whom occupies the position of solicitor for the Government of Hew South Wales, and is to that extent an accredited agent of the sister colony. The promoters of the scheme have got the length of draw ing out a statement as to the cost of the cable and the assistance that will have to be guaranteed before the work of con struction can be entered upon. This statement has been laid before the Australian Agents-General in London, and shows that the 'capital outlay will not be less than two and a half million ster ling, and that the guarantee required from England and the colonies will be £67,000 a year. Mr. Fleming is sanguine enough to believe that Great Britain will contri bute one-third of this amount, but we are at a loss to know what authority he has for assuming that she will do anything of the kind. A gua rantee is required by the proprietors of the cable at present connecting Aus tralia with the mother country, but the mother country has shown no disposition to take a share in the responsibility of thai guarantee, and why special favour should be shown to a competing line it is difficult to imagine. It is all very well for the promoters of the rival cable to try to impart a stimulus to the movement with which they, are connected by giving out that Imperial aid is to be looked for, but the colonies may rest assured that no such aid will be forthcoming. If they are bent upon having the luxury of a second cable they, will have to pay for it them selves to the tune of at least £67,000 a year. . . ; We note that Sir Arthur Blyth, after learning all the statements as to the pro posed line, expressed his opposition to the scheme and withdrew from the Con ference. Whether he adopted this course in compliance with instruc tions from Adelaide or on his own responsibility we do not know, but in either case he adopted the only proper course open to him. If Canada and Aus tralia are determined to lay down a cable to connect thair respective terri tories well and good. South Aus tralia cannot prevent their doing so, but at all events she cannot be expected to co-operate with the movement. After all, however, there is very little danger to her interests to be apprehended from this new . line. The various colonies will heaitate a long time before binding themselves to an annual payment of £67,000 for telegraphic facili ties which are really not needed and will not be needed for, many years to come. In process of time - no doubt it will be well to. have a cabie across the Pacific, but meanwhile the existing line is capable of carrying three or four times the amount of business that passes over it. If the prospects of opposition become really serious the Companies which now have a monopoly of the cable business to Australia have it in their power to offer concessions which should for the present drive competition out of the ; field. As the importance of .Fiji; and other ;. British, stations* in the South Seas increases it will be essen tial that some such line as thai proposed should be constructed, but as' yet ifcean not be deemed a political necessity.'' The cables already laid down bring Great Britain into fairly rapid communication with all her important dependencies, and the work of completing the electric girdle for the earth which Mr. Fleming on behalf of Canada and Mr. Want on.behalf of New South Wales are so industriously promoting may with safety be postponed for another decade or two. Australian Borro wing. —Tasmania is the latest colony to make essay of ita borrowing powers, and, like the rest of the Australian colonies, it ha3 been received by British capitalists with open arms. What ' it aaked for was the modest amount of £1,000,000, and it courageously fixed its minimum at £09, the same figure as that adopted by South Australia in calling for its last loan. The response has been even more gratifying than that accorded to oar appeal to the moneyed men of the mother country. The loan lias been subscribed twofold, and the average price secured is 18s. above the minimum. It is evident that so far as Tasmania is concerned the efforts of certain London newspapers which affect to be authorities upon finance to depre ciate colonial credit have been unavailing. It is true no Bpecial warning note was uttered in the case of thiB particular operation, but vehement protests against the tendency of Australian Go vernments to borrow have been raised Bince the announcement of tbe loan. The truth seems to be that so long as the colonies continue to pay interest with regularity and to make good progress in population, production, and trade, capitalists will be found ready to thrust money upon them. Tasmania at present stands in such a favourable position financially that the success of this loan is not at all to be wondered at. The tight little island has in the past competed with Western Aus tralia for the distinction of beiDg the Sleepy Hollow among these Southern colonies, but like Western Australia, it has been shaking off its lethargy and has been advancing with rapid strides. The next colonial applicant for money is New South Wales, With amazing courage she has fixed the minimum for her Three and a Half per Cent. Lean at £94, or £3 higher than the last minimum. Con sidering that she is asking ' for £5,500^000, asd that it ia only a few months Bince she floated a loan for a like amount, it is evident that she has the greatest confidence in her financial reputa tion. There is every reason to believe that her moBt sanguine anticipations will bo realized. Money is plentiful at home, and it seems a light matter in the eyes of colonial creditors to add within the short space of a twelvemonth £10 or £11 to the indebtedness per head of colonists. New South Wales has certainly been well advised in re ducing the rate of interest upon her loans to £3 10a. Instead of damaging her credit it has improved it, and she can now confidently reckon upon getting the five and a half million sterling which she asks for granted upon very advantageous terms. The Contract fob Watermpes. — Yesterday the Government laid upon the table a copy of the contract with Messrs. Fulton & Co. for the supply of iron pipes to the Waterworks Department. The document was called for on the motion of Mr. Bews. Ab in consequence of the Beetaloo Water works scheme having been passed last year the supply of pipes required during tho next three or four years will be much larger than was expected when the con tract was entered into the impression pre vailed that the Government would be bound to obtain the additional supply from Messrs. Fulton & Co. at the rates men tioned in the schedule. The clause in the specifications referring to this point is as follows: — 'The total quantity of pipes required for the South Australian Waterworks during the next four years will consist of not less than 12,000 tons of straight pipes and 750 tons of special castings. The Hydraulic Engineer shall have power to increase this quantity to the extent cf 25 per cent, of the esti mated amount without violating the con tract. Should a still larger amount be required the contractors shall be at liberty to decline the excess ; and the Hydraulics Engineer shall be then at liberty to obtain it elsewhere.' From this it appears that Messrs. Fulton & Co. are to supply not Iobs than 12,750 tons, and the Hydraulic Engineer may in crease the quantity to the extent of 25 per cent, without violating the contract ; but we infer that it is optional with the Hydraulic Engineer to require an in creased supply under the contract. If this is the correct view, then the Govern ment are not committed to thiB par ticular firm for the additional -uantifcy that may be required. The point ia a very important one for several reason?. It will be remembered that the Com missioners of Audit pointed out that Messrs. Fulton & Co.'s contract would amount to about £119,986, and of thia £38,000 was a bonus upon the actual price at which similar pipes had been imported, or at the rate of 46 per cent, upon the latter. If, however, we have regard to the value of the actual outlay in the colony in connection with the contract the bonus comes to 115 per cent.- In other words, in order to secure the expenditure of £33,000 in the country, the State is paying a bonus of £38,000. We do not desire to say anything in disparagement of the contractors, who, we believe, are doing their work well j but it would be most unjust to the country and to the districts ?whose rateB will be increased by the cost of the waterworks to pay anything like so large a bonus for the additional pipes that will be required. The Governmeat, if it is not debarred from doing so, should at once call for tenders for the further supply that will be wanted, so that ample time may be given to local and other firms to send in offers. By this means a large saving will no doubt be effected even if the work is retained in the colony, and the interests of the tax payers will be duly protected. The Queensland Paeijament.— As might have been expected, the Governor's Speech at the opening of the Queensland Parliament deals largely with the foreign policy of Australasia. Queensland has taken a leading part in this policy. Mr. Griffith is the Chairman of the Stand ing Committee of the Federal Council, and in this capacity it has fallen to his lot to take certain stops which have not altogether commended themselves to the approval of the colo nies. His latest important movement has been to make proposals as to the govern ment of British. New Guinea. Herein he acted as Premier of Queensland, not as an officer connected with the Federal Council. In these proposals he suggested that the executive power so* ' far as concerned the New Guinea protectorate should, be entrusted to Queensland. This colony has no need to raise any objection to that scheme, seeing that she has refused to contribute to the cost of main taining the protectorate. But, at the same time, it is only fair to remember that there are many grave objections against the proposed plan. Queensland is not so important a colony as to warrant the handing over of the -care of a new de pendency to her, and it Is especially to be regretted that a colony which has shown herself incapable of pro perly dealing with the matter of native labour should be empowered to deal with the; new British dependency. However this may be, New South Wales and Victoria have given their assent to Mr. Griffith's scheme for the governance of New Guinea, and the Queens land Government entertain hope3 of winning the approval of the Imperial Government Another point of foreign policy upon which the speech under notice touches is the New Hebrides question. Upon this there is not much to be said, but we may presume that expression (is given, to the wish, that jthe French Bhould be prevented from annexing these islands. The ' Federal Council of Australasia' 13 a pes project of the QueenskndPremier, andit is not surprising to learn, that h.e makes the Governor express the wish that the colonies which are at present unrepre sented on the Federal' Council should before long join it. We cannot unite with him. in this hope- until we learn that there is a prospect of the' Council becoming truly representative of the colonies. We are glad to learn, on turning to local matters, that the interns ' affairs of the colony are in a satisfactory state. It is noteworthy, notwithstanding the jubilant view, taken of the prospects; of the province, that there is a strong incli nation on the part of a certain section of the population .to secede from Queens land, and, further, that there is n- official notice taken, of this movement . It is interesting to note amongst ths measures to be proposed to -the new Parliament the introduction of a law con cerning the storage and distribution of water by local authorities. Intothemeritaof this particular measure we cannot of course enter until its details are published, but it is satisfactory to find that Queensland, as well as New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia, is determined to make provision for turning to the best account the water resources of the colony. From the telegram which appears elsewhere it is evident that there is plenty of work in store for the Queens land Parliament, and we can only hops that this work will be performed in a businesslike way. Tuesday's Paeliasient.— The new Chief Secretary (Hon. D. Murray) was formally and even heartily welcomed by the Legisla tive Council on Tuesday, July 13. Air. Sp-3ncp, the retiring Minister, took Mr. Murray's vacant seat. Mr. Bosworth was introduced aa a new member, and he set to work promptly by giving notice of a motion in favour of the sale of Crown lands to pay off the deficit. Mr. Scott piS3ed through jts earlier stages the St. John's Church Incorporation Bill. The Rsal Property Bill was received from the Assem bly, and Mr. Scott gave notice of clauses suggested in the other Chambsr, but not moved there owing to the fear that that step might somewhat delay the passing of the Bill. Wearisome was the oft-renewed dis cnEsion which, followed UDon the Local Cou:t3 Bill, which has yet further to be dealt with next Tuesday. Till then, the Council at twenty-five minutes to 4, adjourned. . The Assembly sat until five minutes past 6. T jto ?: notices which aroused general interest in an unusual measure were one by Mr. Caldwel — 'Is there any reason why the Parliament of South Australia should not follow the custom of the Imperial Parliament in having the duties of the day commenced by an acknowledgment the Divine Being?'— and one by Mr. Fox proposing in somewhat grandiose and uncertain terms another remedy for our financial troubles. Answer ing questions, Ministers mentioned inter alia that the Government arranged with a party to prospect for gold in the locality of Dixon's, Bishop's, and Tennant'a Creeks ; that a temporary agreement has been made for trains to the Grange, it3 continuance to depend upon whether it pays or not ; that Mr. Parker, C.E., of Port Adelaide, has been appointed at a salary of £3 a week and travelling expenses, with the privilege of private practice, to help the Conser vator of Water in examining Bites of proposed waterworks, but that the engagement (which Mr. Rees protested against) is not likely to be permanent ; that the late sittings of the House will begin next Tuesday; that Brigadier-General Owen has prepared a Bill consolidating and amending Military Force legislation, and that he will te asked to place before Parliament imme 3 lately the report upon the forces promised some time ago; that in the contract for ocean mail steamers the Government reserve the right to employ a better landing vessel for an extra payment of £350, and that the other colonies interested are being consulted upon the wider question of European mails. The latest change in the Ministry was announced by the Premier in few but fitting words. The Sewers Connection Bill passed ita second reading. In Committee the rate of interest was reduced from 6 per cent, to 5 per cent., and the concession was made ospective to the extent of covering existing agreements in respect to which payments have not been received by the Government. Mr. Castiae, continuing the financial debate, spoke for two hours in a practical way. His speech was evidently the result of a ood deal of in dustrious preparation. Mr. 'aid well fol lowed briefly, and then the House resumed. The discussion will probably be finished and the Stamp Bill introduced on Thursday. Mr Caldwell also said a few words concerning the Water Conservation Bill. Mr. Coles will take up the matter again on Thursday This afternoon Mr. Ward will explain hb resolutions |n a speech which will probably la&t; about three hours. All prior notices bave been withdrawn to allow him a clear start, and the Orders of the Day will, it is undeistood, be postponed, so that he may have no obstacle to a satisfactory finish. A Feje Passage with Hoeses.— Messrs. H. Muecke & Co. have received advices that the steamer Bucephalus had arrived safely at Singapore with 251 horses from Melbourne, and had not lost one animal during the passage. The vessel coaled at Newcastle and left there on June 7. Such, a voyage thoroughly justifies the vessel's reputation for Bafel) conveying horse-stock. JUYEOLE NSWSBAPEB SEtLEKS. — The Advertiser in a paragraph in yesterday'* issuea referring to Alderman Bullock's motion with reference to the sale of newspapers at night by children, said—' He expressed hia pleasure at the fact that the proprietors of one of the daily newspapers [Advertiser) had refused to allow their publisher to give papers for sale to young female children.' Alderman Bulloek requests us to state that as he did not wish to make invidious distinctions he did not say which firm he referred to when speaking In the Council.' As a matter of fact, however, he had ascertained from enquiry. at both newspaper offices that the proprietors of the Begister and Evening Journal did not supply female children with papers, while it was the practice at the Advertiser Office to do so. We have received the following letter from Mr. A. T. Chandler, a member the Ad xertistr L staff j— ' With regard to tho para graph which appeared in the Advertiser intimating that that was the newspaper referred to by Alderman Bullock as having refused to supply girls with papers for sale in the streets allow me to explaiu that when the matter was mentioned at the meetm* of the City Council I, ? as representing the Advertiser, remarked ^hat I thought the Alderman possibly meant that newspaper because1 ahnOBt every day I purchased a Journal from various little girls in &iag; William-street.^ The representative of the Begister imme diately concurred with the remark. 'Yes I think Journals are supplied to any one. On that the paragraph-was written, and as the Sub- Editor of the Advertiser knew noth ing to the contrary it was passed and inserted without the cognizance of any one better informed.' We can only say that we are sorry Mr. Chandler Bhould have jumped to eo incorrect a conclusion upon such inadequate data, TfiE KEttBEKLEY GOLOTIELnS. — Mr. Dia 'Kfcd (of Messrs. P. Ealk & Co.), now in Western Australia, has written to that ™a from Derby as follows:— 'I Baw a number of returned diggers, and from all the information gathered there can be no doubt that the goldfields are genuine. Gold ~har been found over a large tract of country, and there are evidences of gold-bearing xeefs in profusion; at the same time it cannot he too often repeated that it is madneas for any but well- equipped parties to attempt the journey. Horses are a sine gu& ncn, and a good supply of money to par chase supplies, which will be found plentiful in Derby and reasonable in price. At prs Bent water is very scarce en the field, but is in good supply on the track. I would not advise parties to bring drays ; packhor3e3 are preferable and safer on account of the state of the track in some places. I Baw in a Perth newspaper that clerks and shopmen are oa their way up to Derby. It i3 simply madness for such to go at the present time, as there b no chance of employment.' The Builbihg Trade.— It; is satisfactory in these times to learn that the City and Suburban Steam Brick Company, Black wood, have orders and promises to the extent of 12,000,000 bricks. They have, we are in formed, a present output and delivery of 19,000 per day, which will be shortly largely increased. It iB the intention of the Com pany to erect outside kilns on the property to supply the demand. ' \ THABKSQiyraG ^Service. — Tuesday waa set apart by a Eection'of-tne community a3 a * special day of praise and thanksgiving on account of ' the abundant rain- which has fallen within, the past fortnight. At half past 10 o'clock a number of persons met at the Y.M.C.A. Rooms and engaged in a service which had been arranged by Messrs. M. GoodeandR K. Fintayson. The New Building Society, nr Nobwood. —We understand that the Building Society which has been started in the eastern suburbs to take the place of the one which wa3 ruined by the frauds of the late Secretary, Godfrey Egremont, promises to be a great success. Already something like 300 shares have been taken up, and considering the dulness of the times this may be considered highly satisfac tory. ' ? . _' ? . ' - - . .. ' .V ; , The Ftbe Actions.— Three cases arising ont of the fire in the Woolshed Block have been set down for hearing in the Adelaide Local Court on Friday next, before. His Honor Mr. Commissioner Stuart and Juries. The cases are Love, Biggs, and Fry re spectively against Sabine. The Salisbuby Cemetery.— The work io. connection with the laying out and planting of the new cemetery near Salisbury is now in progress under the direction of the Conser vator of Forests. Some difficulty was; at first experienced in getting the holes for the trees dug. The work was at first tendered for, but the successful tenderer, having quoted a very low figure, soon aban doned the undertaking. Subsequently the work was offered to the local unemployed about Salisbury, bat those also soon adopted the same course. Last week, however, the Conservator suc ceeded in making arrangements with some of the Adelaide unemployed to accept the work at 6d. per hole, and the men appear deter mined to carry it out. The ground is very hard, and having a subsoil of marly limestone, the work of digging ths holes is imore difficult than was at first supposed. It is proposed to plant over 2,000 trees in the cemetery this season. Te£Epho5E to Gawleb.— On Tuesday afternoon the Hon. J. Martin, M.L.C., and Mr. Basedow, M.P., introduced to the Minister of Education a deputation consist ing of Dr. Pepham and Messrs. W. F. Wincey and if. Harris, who requested that Gawler might be connected by telephone with Ade laide and Port Adelaide. It was Btated that the outlay would be small, and the residents were willing to guarantee the interest upon it, but it was thought that the extension would result in a profit to the department. The Minister promised to obtain a report upon the matter and communicate the result to Dr. Popham. ? A Rollbb-MilietgPlast h-s Balaclava. —By the s.s. Port Phillip, which arrived from London last week, there was received a com plete wheat-cleaning and roller-roiUing plant for Messrs. Yerco Brothers & Co.'s mill; at Balaklava, The machinery is all from, the establishment of Messrs. Thomas Robinson and Son, of Rochdale, who have just com pleted the Standard Roller Mills at Port Adelaide, described by us last week. The Balaklava plant has a capacity of five Backs per hour. Mr. Jndson, milling engineer for Messrs. Robinson & Son, has gone to Balak lava to fib np the new mill, Mr. J. -D. Stevenson, the firm's milling representative in Australia, whose office is in Sydney, is also here on a visit, and is now engaged in a final supervision of the machinery at Messrs. Thomas & Co.'s mill before handing it over. School Accommodation at Willochba.— Mr. T. Burgoyne, M.P., and Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P., on Tuesday presented to the Hon. the Minister of Education a petition from residents in the Hundred of Willochra, asking for school accommodation for their children. They suggested that the building should be erected near the 8-mile post 'on Che travelling-Stock road between Wilming ton and Quorn. The Minister said he would obtain a report on the matter. : Supeeme Court.— la the Fall Court on Tuesday, July 13, their Honors Mr. Justice Boucaut and Mr. Justice Bundey heard a friendly suit, in which Sophia Farr sought to obtain a title to land which had been left i to her by a married sister, who died in 1866, but whose will had not been made with the consent of her husband, who survives. Ths deceased acquired the land under the Real Property Act as a gift after marriage from her father, who Btates that he meant it for her own separate use, and that, ;as she left no issue, if her will jis Invalid, he can claim the land aa heir-atlaw, and thereby hand it over to the plaintiff. The Court discovered several diffi culties in the way of giving judgment, and finally directed that the case should stand over with a view to the plaintiffs solicitor (Mr. A. Daviea) conferring with the Registrar-General for the purpose of getting title in some form. In the Civil Court His Honor the Chief Justice disposed of the case of Seymour and Others v. Hawker and Others, as to the construction of the will; of the late Eliza Seymour, of Killanoola, widow, in which all parties were agreed. Allegations in a petition for judicial separa tion entered by Mary Moroney against her husband, Patrick Moroney, on the ground of adultery and cruelty, were also proved on evidence, and His Honor said he would report ob the facts to the Full Court. Cost of Water Conservation Reports, — According to a return moved for by Mr. Martin, and laid before the Legislative Council, Mr. Culcheth (the Victorian Civil Engineer) receives £51 10s. for Mb report on Murray River irrigation, £35 3s. Id. for that on Beetaloo, and £31 Is. 2d. for that Ion BaroEea— altogether £117 14s. 3d. Plan op Gawler.— We have received from Mr. T. Peirce a lithographed plan of the town of Gawler, showing the various streets with the buildings erected thereon, together with tbe names of the occupants, the cha racter of the walls, whether of wood, brick, or stone, and of the roofs, whether of iron, elate, or wood. The plan has been prepared specially for the use of Insurance Companies, who will find the information it contains of great value in accepting and renewing fire risks. The Geelong Footballers.— On Tuesday evening the Adelaide Football Club enter tained the Geelongs in the Town Hall Ex change-room. About 100 gentlemen were present, and a very pleasant evening was spent. Refreshments were provided, and a lengthy programme of musical selections and toasta was gone through. Several of the visitors gave excellent songs. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. Acraman, the patron of the Adelaide Club, who3 in a complimentary speech, proposed success to the Geelongs. He referred to their excellent record, and con gratulated the team oa having reached such a degree of efficiency. The toast was acknowledged by Messrs. H. Steedman and D. Hickinbotham. The former mentioned that it was a singular coincidence that hitherto when a team returned from Adelaide to Melbourne it almost invariably took the premier position for the season, and he expressed a hope that the present team would be no exception to the rule. Mr. B. Hall submitted ' The South Austra lian Football Association,' and referred to the benefit of Bach an institution, which if ^^ properly' worked 'must' necessarny greatly improve the game.' Mr. R.1 W. Hall (the Chairman) and Mr. H. W. Pounaett (the Sec retary of the Association) responded. ' The Adelaide and Suburban Football Associa tion' was given by Mr. A. Gill, and replied to by Mr. W. J. Hill (the Secre tai} ). Mr. H. Steedman, in a pithy little speech, proposed 'The Adelaide Club,' to which the captain (Mr. J. D. Stephens) and Mr. W. H. Sharland responded. A fribute was paid to the S.A. Cricketing Association by Mr. G. M. Evan, who pro posed its success. Mr. Creswell replied. The proceedings, which were evidently greatly enjoyed, terminated at an early hour. Insolvency Cotjkt. — In the adjourned matter of the deed of assignment of A. Macgeorge and the claim of one F. Davis, over which there had been considerable argument, His Honor Mr. Commissioner Stuart gave judgment on Tuesday. It was an application for a special order, declar ing that the moneys to arise from the Bale by the assignor, Mr. Macgeorge, to one Cox, and which were receivable by the Com mercial Bank, might be charged with the payment to one Davis of a sum of £208 ltis. lid. in full, and that the property so sold, the deeds of which were in the Bank's hands, might be charged with the £208 15s. lid. His Honor held that, taking all the circum stances into consideration, the applicant was entitled to succeed, and he ordered that so much of the psrehase-moneys due by_Cox as might be obtained to satisfy the applicant's claim Bhould be held by the trustee when . required to answer that claim, and that in the meantime the securities held for such payment should bs subject to the like charge in forwardiDg the application. He thought also that this was a proper case for the pay ment of costs, both of the applicant and_of Mr. Macgeorge's trustee, out of the estate of the assignee, except the applicant's costs of the meeting, which might be paid by the liquidators. Taxation. — A meeting of ratepayers of the Apoinga District was held at the Council Chamber on Monday, July 5, to consider the question of taxation, the Chairman of the District Council (Mr. Joseph Flower) in the chair. The following resolutions were carried:— 1, That any increase in the land tax would be prejudicial to the. interests of the colony. 2. That a property tax is unnecessary and undesirable. 3; That in - order to secure local representation in Par liament the payment of members is desirable, the amount being raised by a rate through out the electoral district. : : R.V.F. General Order.— Lieutenant G. H. Heaney is appointed Acting Adjutant to the Northern Group R.Y.F., and is attached to the Qnorn Company, R.V.F. , , . The 'Colonies' -ExHiBiTioN.— A lady writing from London recently gives her im piesaions of the South Australian Court as follows : — ' We have spent one day at the Colonial Exhibition, and well indeed does South Australia figure in it. There is a bit . of Australian bush with an aboriginal family —the man skinning some animal, his lubra withher piccaniny on her back emptying a baskcC, and a boy lying full length on the grass beside the fire, and this fire represented with some of the sticks still glowing. At a little distance, on a s'leefc of water, a man is paddling along in a canoe formed of a strip of bark. Parrots and emus, two kangaroos, and all sorts of wild creatures are around stuffed, and in the most lifelike atti tudes. Not far off is a bushman's hut. This is really wonderful, for it is made just as he would have left it if he had gone out shooting, with his rough furniture, billy, gridiron, iron spoons, &c.;, and outside a rough bench with h'i3 tin basin, rough towel, and a half -used bit of soap. I thought all this bo very realistic. There waB also the little wooden stand in front of his door, with his saddle, bridle, stockwhip, &c.; This bushman's hut is usually full of people, who shut the door and try to fancy themselves really in Australia. I must not forget to say that above the aborigines' hut a hawk is suspended in. the air with a young kangaroo in its claws, and not far off is a flight of five red-breasted parrots, ail so cleverly suspended and arranged that it is impossible to believe they are not flying through the air. You can fancy how much we enjoyed it alL'. ' j Tbee- planting. —Although the season is well advanced, the Conservator of Forests intends to plant out his usual complement of trees this year. Since the recent rains operations have been in full Bwing in the plantations. At Mount Brown, near Quorn, about 20 acres will be put under trees; In the Wirrabara Forest at least 150 acres will be treated in a like manner. Not less than 300 acres will be planted at Bunda leer. At Kapunda 15 acres of the Waterworks Reserve will be dealt with as well as 20 acres at Mount Mclntyre and 10 acres at the Cave Range Reserve in the South East. The Port-road plantations have been extended during thelaat two months,aad up to dateabont 700 trees have beenplantedin them this season. Should the weather continue for some time like that enjoyed during the past fortnight the Conservator expects to put in about 400,000 trees this season. The Willowie Forest Sleepers.— We understand that upon the representation of the Conservator of Forests (Mr. J. E. Brown) the Government purpose arranging with Messrs. John McDonald & Co., who lately tendered for the sleepers about to be obtained from the newly discovered forest lying between MountRemarkable and Wilmington, to cut a portion of the sleepers required immediately, under the direction of the Con servator. Mr. Brown has felt compelled to adopt this course owing to the very considerable amount of other work now devolving upon him, and the difficulty . in obtaining a thoroughly competent man to superintend the undertaking. It is proposed that Messrs. McDonald & Co. shall simply be sub-contractors under the Conservator, and that the work will still be done under his direction with hand labour. By this means all sawyers, local teams, and labourers will, be engaged in the work. There are a number of sawyerB at Port Pirie, and by the direc tion of the Commissioner of Crown Lands the Conservator telegraphed to them yes terday to meet him at Wilmington this week with tha view of being engaged. As far as possible all tents, tools, and provisions will be taken from the local firms at Wilmington and Melrose. General applications have been received for permits to erect stores, butchers' shops, &c;, in the forest, and these will be dealt with by Mr. Brown at an early date. The road into the forest is now in course of construc tion under Mr. Irvine, the Government Surveyor of Roads. About 150 man are em ployed upon this work. The Conservator leaves Adelaide this morning with a view of making final arrangements in regard to the cutting of sleepers, so that there is every probability of the work being in full swing early next week. S.A. Branch of the Geographical Society of Australasia. — A meeting of the Council of the South Australian Branch of the Geographical Society of Australasia was held at the Society's rooms, Victoria square, on Friday, July 9. Sir Thomas Elder (Vice-President) occupied the chair. The Acting President reported that he had interviewed His Excellency the Governor, who consented to read a paper in the course of a couple months ; also that Dr. Kennion had promised to read a paper during the next Eeesion. A telegram from the Victorian Branch was read, inviting the S.A. Branch to co-operate with the other branches in request ing His Excellency Lord Carrington to ask that Her Majesty the Queen will be pleased to grant her patronage to and permit the assumption of the title of the Royal Geo graphical Society of Australasia. It wa3 resolved that a telegram be dispatched to the President of the New South Wales Branch supporting the recommendation. A letter was also received frora the Vic wrian Branch urging the necessity of collect ing all matter relating to South Sea and Antarctic voyages. The Acting President promised to write to the President of the Geographical Societyof New Yorkto ascertain whether any information could be obtained in the United States relating to the whaling and sealing expeditions fitted out some sixty years ago from several American ports, many of which expeditions had been in the habit of rendezvousing at certain pointe of the Austra lian and New Zealand coasts, but excepting a very few ] casual . re erences by English writers we had no ' records of these important voyages. Mr. J. W. Jones (one of the Secretaries) reported that human remains were lying at Coongie Station, supposed to be the remains'ofiGray, one of the ill-fated expedition of Burke and Wills. It was resolved that the Surveyor General be asked to arrange for any officer i of the: Survey Department who may be in the locality to bring the remains to Ade laide for a professional examination, and the Manager of Coongie Station to be written to for fnll particulars. Several old maos and plans by Colonel Light and others were pre sented by Messrs. A. S. and M. S. Clark, and they were accepted with thanks. Lecture at Port Adelaide.— Whenever Canon Green is announced to lecture at Port Adelaide a large attendance indicates his popularity there. This was the case on Tuesday evening, when the rev. gentleman gave in the Town Hall his entertaining lec ture entitled ' Haunted Houses.' The belief in the supernatural during all ages and in all places was related to the audience in an in structive and at times amusing manner, and from a number of authors were quoted re markable 'ghost stories,3'' visions, and pre sentiments, which from their apparent con nection with contemporary facts could only be described as mysteries. At intervals during the lecture a choice programme of vocal and instrumental musij was rendered by a party of ladies and gentlemen from Adelaide, who at the close were thanked for their services. North Adelaide Institute. — The first annual meeting of subscribers to the North Adelaide Institute waa held on Tuesday evening. There was a small attendance, and the chair was occupied by the President (Mr. C. H. Goode, J.P.). The Chairman thought they might congratulate themselves upon the success of the Institute so far. They had expended about £3,800, and had the satisfaction of knowing that the build ing itself was now free ' of debt. How ever, they could not say that the Institute was not in debt. They were anxious to provide all the facilities possible to make the institution successful, and the expendi ture would principally represent the cost of books and furniture. The Institute had lost one of its principal supporters in tbe person of the Hon. J. L. Parsons, now in the Northern Territory. That gentleman had worked most assiduously for the Institute, and so had all the officers and committee. Mr. C Proud, who at first took the position of Secretary, had worked hard; but having other urgent duties, he resigned, and Mr. G. H. Crawford had undertaken the office. Their library would shortly be much more attractive than it was at present, and he hoped that the residents of North Adelaide would endeavour to partici pate in the benefits to be derived from such an institution. The balance-sheet, which was then read by the Treasurer (Mr. Wright), showed— Receipts, £77 63. 5d. Expenditure — Balance from last statement, £372 2s. 2d. ; furniture, £67 17s. 2d. ; books, £14 193. Id. ; current expenses, £111 Is. 7d. ; leaving a balance due to the Bank of £518 13s. 7d. The total liabilities amounted to £560 7s. 6d. The Secretary (Mr. G. H. Crawford) reported that at present there were 381 volumes in circulation, and an extra 80 had been ordered, besides the monthly numbers for the current year of 13 periodicals. The Adelaide Institute had supplied 30 volumes quarterly. Since the opening of the library in March last 46i volumes had been circulated. The number of members up to June 30 was 50. There were no arrears. The financial statement and Secre tary's report were adopted, and the following officers re-elected for the ensuing year: — President, Mr. C. H. Goode, J.P.: VicsPre sident, Mr. W. Gilbert, M.P.; Treasurer, Mr. Wright; Secretary, Mr. G. H. Craw ford; Committee, the Rev. W, E. Rice, Messrs. W. B. Wilkinson, T. W. Harris, D. Garlick, C. Willcox, R, McLaren, H. Mildred, C. Proud, M. Huddlestone, and 3. Moss, jun.; Auditors, Messrs. H. Mildred and A. S. Neill. It was mentioned that it had been proposed to borrow £800 for the purpose of paying off the overdraft. A dis cussion ensued, and the question was even tually left over to be dealt with by the com mittee.; ' Union Fire and Marine Insurance Company ^ of New . .ZEALA^p^-^From . the ninthreportof this Company, of which Mr. W. Herbert Phillipps is the Adelaide Manager, it appears that the revenue (including balance brought forward from previous year) amounted to £161,897 3s. 3d., and the ex-, penditure, after making usual provision for unadjusted losses, to £143,279 13s. lid., leaving an available balance of £18,617 9s. 4d., which amount the Directors recommended to be dealt with as follows :— To payment1 of dividend at rate of 10 per cent, per annum (inclusive of interim dividend- declared in January last) £10,000, leaving a balance to be carried forward of £8,617 93. 4d. =£18,517 2a. id. The assets of tha Company are set down at £187,278, of which £109,359 is invested and £34,695 on deposit bearing interest. i Aid to the Injured.— A meeting of gen tlemen who have passed the examination of the St. John's Ambulance Association was held at Esselbach's Restaurant, King William- street, on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. J. Witherick occupied the chair. He explained that a want had been felt for some Society who could take up the work done by the Ambulance Association, and by means of mutual examina tion and practice retain the valuable infor mation gained from the ambulance lectures. It was unanimously resolved that such a Society should be formed with the sole object of advancing the work of the St. John's Am bulance Association, and enabling its members to retain their knowledge of the way to act in cases of emergency. The name of the Society and the rules were referred to a committee. Young Women's Christian Association. —The monthly social was held at the rooms of the Association on Tuesday evening. There was a good attendance and Mrs. Cotton presided. Interesting addresses were given by various members of the committee and the choir rendered selections in a creditable manner. A pleasant evening waa spent, i Caledonian Society. — The ordinary monthly meeting of the Caledonian Society was held at the Caledonian Hall on Tuesday evening. There was a good attendance of members, over which the Chief (Mr. J.; L. Stirling, M.P.) presided. Nominations for the various offices of the Society, to be Con sidered at the annual meeting, were received. Notices of motion for the alteration of the rules were given. A discussion as to the ad visability of electing life members resulted in a motion, proposed by Mr. Bews, M.P., that it be a recommendation to the annual meet ing that it is advisable to elect life members, which was carried unanimously. Port Caledonian Society.— There was a large attendance at the meeting of this Society in the Oddfellows' Hall, Port Ade laide, on Monday night, July 12, when the Rev. J. Y. Simpson repeated his lecture on 'Crotchety Grumblers.' The lecture was well received. Hill River Station. — The Northern Argus writes:— 'The lambing at this station is finished, the percentage being SO, which, considering the season, is satisfac tory. The mortality has not been so great amongst the lambs as amongst the ewes, and especially the old ones. The young sheep, however, owing to their hardy constitutions, have so far got through the bad season re markably welL Two small flocks of stud sheep have returned a percentage of 120 and 107 respectively. Owing to the absence of sufficient rain no water has run into the dams at the head station for two years. Since the rains the pasture land is assuming a green tint, and the feed i3 coming on nicely.' . Australian Artists in London. — A recent issue of the European Mail contains the following, which may prove of interest to artists and their friends :— ' Australian artists are conspicuous by their a ence from the present Academy Exhibition. Mr. Wil liam Strutt, however, cornea prominently forward with a telling picture, an original and very amusing version of c The Course of True Love Never Did Run Smooth.' Two Norwegian lovers have seemingly met' by chance in a wild waste of snow, and, driving their reindeer sledges up closely, are locked in each other's arms, oblivious to all else, including a pack of wolves, whose stealthy approach has been hidden from the observant eyes of the reindeer by a rising bank. As these hungry visitors burst on the scene th j two antlered steeds dash off in opposite directions, dragging their canoe-like vehicles from under the love-lorn couple, who are suddenly left in the lurch in a highly realistic and unsentimental situation. The incident is cleverly treated, and is quite a ' hit.' Mr. Chevalier is represented only by a water colour of Mavora Lais, JNew Zealand. The Academy holds cat no encouragement to water-colour painters, many of whom have been contented this year to send their work to the other Societies, where watr? colours carry off the honours. Mr. Charles Gregory has reserved all Mb work for the Royal So ciety of Water-colour Painters, where he is seen in his strength ; and the same may be said of Mr. H. J. Johnstone, who exhibits excellent drawings at the Dudley Gallery, Messrs. Agnew & Son's Old Bond-street Gal leries, and the Society of British Artists. I am glad to note Mr. Johnstone's recent ele^ tion into tbe last-named Society, and the rapid &teps; he continues to make towards a recognised position in the ranks of London artists.' Ibelasd and Home Rule,— A correapon dent of the Times, who recently visited Ireland, asserts very strongly that among the Irish generally there is no genuine desire for Home Rule. He says :— 'I wish some of the Ministers' who refer with such satisfaction to ' the wish of the country constitutionally expressed' could have been with me during a visit to Ireland, from which I have just returned. I went there with the impression that the damand for Home Rule is largely a fictitious one, and I came back with that impression more than confirmed. I found when the people talked to one quietly and disclosed their real opinions that they fully realize that the agita tion has done nothing but harm to the country, and that the Parnellites alone have profited by it. A hard-working and indus trious tenant farmer and Roman Catholic, whose rent amounts to some £30 a year, thus expressed himself :—4 Times are bad,' he said, ?couldn't be worse. This agitation done a great dale of harm. And they think to bring a Parliament home to Dublin, as if this counthry was a sheet of gold!' 'Misther Parnell got plinty of money,' he went on ; 'sure didn't he get enough to. redeem 'his property and to pay those fancy mim bers!' 'Evictions,' he said, 'did ye ever Bee a striving industrious family evicted ? The farmers are living in grandeur, and not mindin' their land at alL' I did not in any way ' interview' the men ; they, started the subject in each case themselves, and evidently expressed their genuine opinions; and yet I have not the smallest doubt that they voted for the Nationalist at the last election.- I said so to the keeper of a small hotel in the neighbour hood. ?Yes,' he replied, 'they must; they're lashed up to it, and they must.' ; In fact, as Mr. Brodrick put it in an excellent letter, there is no such thing as independent public opinion in Ireland. The next man I came across was a well-to-do Protestant farmer. ' Well, will the Bill pass?' he said. ' If it did, we might all go out of Ireland. T he counthry is beat down altogether with the agitation. If they'd attinded to their work, instead of going about to meetin's and drinkin' and Land Lagin', they'd be a great dale better off.' ' Oh .' all the money is gone out of Ireland with the agitation,' he went on, ' and the farmers ar'nt inclined to pay rint at all. I saw a good cow in a fair the* other day. 'That'll pay the rint, I said;' and they were all np at me at once to spike of such a thing as rint at all.' ' They want to put every Protestant and every landlord out of Ireland,' he said, ' and thin they'd fight each other, and Mr. Parnell and the Archbishop 'd be the first to go.' Ask whom I would, nowhere could I get a satisfactory answer to the question how they expected to be better off under Home Rule, or what beneficial results were likely to accrue to the country from its establishment.' Australian Wool and the American Market. — The Chamber of Manufactures ; at Melbourne— a body specially set for the de fence of protectionist principles— has (ob serves the Sydney Morning Herald) resolved to appeal to the American Government to adopt free-trade principles, so far as relates to the free admission of Australian wool, so as to increase the trade in that article with the United States. Yet to increase the trade in raw material is the very thing that stinks in the nostrils of a good Protectionist. Accord ing to him raw material ought to be worked up in the oountry where it is grown, and the idea of sending it thousands of miles away to be brought back manufactured after other countries have, had the profit of the manufacture is abhorrent. Nowadays Victorian Protectionists, Tar from trying to keep all their produce in the colony, are' hungering for markets, that is for com merce, and- they are going on their knees to other Protectionist countries to ask for a little instalment of free trade. Victorians could not use up their own wool even if they refused to sell it, and so weak is their manu facture after many years of coddling that it is entreating the Government to put a new duty of Is. 6d. a pound upon woollen goods. Even if thiB were obtained, it would make very little impression on the export of raw wool. That wool must be sold, and even Victorian manufacturers understand that the country cannot do without foreign trade. But in asking tbe Americans to buy more wool, and to diminish the protection to their own woolgrowers, that they may buy more, what are they offering in return ? Do they propose to take off the duty on American agricultural implements, or on American cloth, or ion American machinery ? Nothing of the kind ; they .do not in anyway suggest the idea; of quid -pro quo ; they simply ask to have Aus tralian wool admitted free into America, and propose nothing in return. If Victoria were a free-trade colony, and they could say, ' Behold, our ports are free,' they could ask ? for similar consideration ; but, as it is, it is really somewhat impudent for a petition to go from Melbourne asking America1 to practise free trade towards Melbourne's greatest export. ; : ' The Three Graces.— There has (says PvJblic Opinion) been another remarkable discovery in the gardens of Sallust, where excavations are going on relative to the process of establishing and building up a new quarter of the city. It is ? no less than a colossal marble group of the Three Graces, evidently a work executed in the palmy days of ancient sculpture, and of rare merit. It is in a wonderful state of preservation, except the unfortunate loss of all three heads, which it is hoped may yet be unearthed. If these1 be found it will be one of the most important revelations that this mania for progress and the rebuilding of Rome has yet given us. . River Levels. — The following figures show the state of the rivers at the under mentioned places at 9 a.m. on Tuesday, July 13 : — Murray — Wahgunyah, 1 ft. 7 in.; Eehuca, 1 ft. 11 in.; Swan Hill, 3 ft.; EuBton, 1 ft. 8 in.; Overland Corner, 2 ft. 6 in. Murrumbidgee— Wagga Wagga, 6 inches; Hay, below summer level; Bal ranald, 4 inches. Darling— Bourke, 29 feet ; Louth, 25 ft. 6 in.; Tilpa, 30 ft. 8 in.; Wilcannia, 28 ft. 6 in.; Menindie, 20 ft. lia; Pooncarie, 18 ft; Wentworfch, 6 ft. 7 in. Namoi and Barwon — Alungundi, 24 ft: Mogil, 28 ft. 6 in.; Barwon and Walgett, 37 ft. falling; Namof, 4 ft. 2 in,, falling ;Bre- warrina, 34 ft. Culgoa— Goodoga, 8 ft. 6 in., falling. ' An Ancient Traveller.— A correspon dent writes : — ' Among the passengers '? by ths Sorata, which sailed on Monday, is a 'Mr. Prior, who thirty-one years ago arrived in this colony and settled on a farm at the Little Para, where he had the misfortune to lose an arm through a rsaping-machine accident. About fourteen years ago he left for Tasmania, where he has since resided, and now at the mature age of 80 has sailed for England, where he intends to spendthe remainder of his life. His wife, a hale old lady, accompanies him.' S.A. 'Any-Ritle' Association.— Practice was held on Tuesday at the Henley Beach Range for the forthcoming priza meeting, when some excellent shooting was made by Messrs. J. H, and R. Robertson and G. Lawson. The rifles used were the Rigby breechloaders and Webley-Wylie. The dis tances were 800, 900, and 1,000 yards. : Meteorological Society op Austral asia. — The adjourned meeting will take piace to-night in the Engineer-in-Chiefs Room, New Government Offices. Charity Concert. — An entertainment in aid of the Children's Hospital will be given this evening by the Adelaide Comedy Com pany in the Academy of Music 