SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. V.R.C. SPRING RACE-MEETING. The opening (Derby.) day of the Spring Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, on Saturday, was very successful. Upwards of 30,000 people visited the Flemington course and shared the enjoyment of the weather, the almost perfect arrangtments for their comfort, and as good racing as one could wish to Eee. Their Bxceltencies the Governors of Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, and Tasmania, and Lady Loch and Lady Carriogton were present For the big event Trident maintained his place in public favor, starting at "5 to 2 on." His stable companion, Volcano, made the pace in the interests of the favourite. Chesham ran splendid horse, and many of the spectators consider that had he been able to maintain to the finish the pace at which he came round the turn and led in the early part of the straight he must have won. Chesham went faster from tbe sheds than probably his rider desirud, and spent himself in getting a lead which, naturally, he was unable to maintain. Robertson, at the last moment, agaiu tried to rouse his horse for a final effort, but Cheeliam could not respond, and he was beaten by a couple of lengths. The favourite had won, but with nothing like the ease expected. As he came back to scale the horse's flanks were red with spur marks, while CheBham, who was ridden without spurs, bore less traces of punishment or distress. At the finish Trident and Chesham had come clean away from the others, so that the third place, gained by AglaoB, carried very little honour with it, as the colt was nearly 20 lengths behind the winner. Both Mr. White, the owner, and Bales, tbe rider, was congratulated, the former having now won four VEC Derbies and the latter three—the owner with Chester, Martini-Henry, Nordenfelt, and Trident; the jockey on Briseis, Grand Flaneur, and Trident. The time was exactly similar to that made by Martini-Henry in 1883. Just before leaving the bend Volcano staggered against tbe rails, having swerved, and for a moment it was thought that Ellis had been thrown, but almost before tbe fear found expression the jockey waB seen sitting up on his horse again. Volcano's shoulder was cut from contract with the rails, while Ellis's costume was tore about a go-jd deal, and his left leg bleeding. Appended are tbe results of the different events:— MELBOURNE STAKES, Of S sovs. cacb, with 200 added; second, 50 sovs. One mile and a quarter. Mr. M. Locke's Isonomy, by Winterlake— lluby, 9st. (Quino) fl Mr. S. Miller's Boolka. 9st. 41b. (Olds) ... f2 Mr. W. Boyd's Bravo, 7st, 111b. (Gallagher)... 3 Also ran.—Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, Industry, Menotii, Lord William, Tamarisk, Crossfire. This race resulted in a dead heat between Isonomy and Boolka; 'time, 2min. 12}sec. Ia the run off Isonomy won easily in 2min, 13}sec. HOTHAM HANDICAP, Of 5 sovs. each, 1 ft., with 300 added; second 50 sovs. and third 30 sovs. One mile and a half and a dietance. Mr. J. Whittingham's Claptrap, by Tim Wblffler—Talkative, 7at. (Bamage) ... 1 Hon. J. White's Hexham, 7st. (Huxley) ... 2 Mr. J. B. Smith's Lancer, 7st. 101b. <Smitb)... 3 Ringmaster, Silver King, First Prince, Leebls, Remus, Salvo, Genoe, The Penc'.l, and Fish o' Silver also ran. Time, 2min. 6{scc. MABHJYBNONG PLATE, Of 30 sovs. each, with 1000 added. For twoyear-olds ; second, 300 sovs.; and third, 200 sovs. Five furlongs. Mr. C. L. Macdonald's brf Horlense.by Gang Forward—Josepbinp (including 141b. penalty), 8st. 51b. (Campbell).,., ... ... 1 Mr. D. Ccoper'a br -c Huniingtower, by Darebin—Atholine, 8st 101b "(Kelso) — 2 Hon. W. Pearson's br f Bedouin, by Darriwell —Atholine, 8st. 10lb. (Power) 3 Matamua, Essex, Escutcheon, Albert Lodden Jebusite, Loyalist, Aberdeen, Perhaps, Mistletoe, Fancy Free.Eckersley, Esperance, Lava, Oceana, and Miranda also ran. Time, lmin. 7Jsec. THE VICTORIA DEBBY, Of 25 sovs. each, with 650 added; second, 100 sovs., and third 50 sovs. One mile and half. Hon. J. White's ch c Trident, by Robinson Crusoe—Cocoanut, 8st. 101b. (Hales) Mr. D. Cooper's ch c Chesham, by Grand Flaneur—Lady Chester, 8st. 101b. (Robertson) Mr. A. R. Blackwood's ch c Aglaos, by Apremont—Aglia, 8st. 10)b. (Power) First Consul, Kingfish, Volcano, and Maddelina also ran. Betting.—5 to 2 on Trident, 5 to 1 agst Madde lina, 10 to 1 agst Volcano, 16 to 1 agst First Consul and Chesham, and 50 to 1 agst Aglaos. Before the starter had walked up to tbe horses First Consul broke away once, and pulled so hard that at one time it was feared that he would get away with O'Brien. As they waited for the fractious First Consul, Chesham was next tbe rails, with Trident on his right, and Maddelina and Volcano on the outside. Maddelina behaved well, and at the first effort they were sent off to a splendid start, Chesham having rather the best of it, while First Consul was the last to move, Chesham was in tbe front for a brief half-dozen strides, and then Volcano, shooting over towards the inner fence, moved out on his mission to make a pace for the favourite. Passing the stand be had a couple of lengths lead from Chesham, who was followed by Kingfisb, Maddelina, Trident, and Aglaos. As tbey went round tbe turn Volcano increased his lead slightly, Chesham and Kingfish maintaining their paces. First Cousul was running last. Turning to run down the river bank, Volcano was leading Chesham by three lengths, while two lengths further back came Kingfish, the others already well strung oat. In this stretch tbe favourite was quickened up slightly, but Volcano kept a clear f ur lengths' gap between himself and tbe nearest horse. As Trident im| roved his] pace Maddelina still kept beside him, and before they reached tbe bridge the pair both showed slightly in front of Kingfisb, and were running head and head for third place. When they got to the bridge Volcano's lead was reduced to two lengths, while close at tbe heels of Chesham were Trident, Kingfish, and Maddelina, close together, with Aglaos next, First Consul still last, and already hopelessly out of the race. Wheeling to the back Volcano held his lead, and here it was evident that Maddelina, too, was beaten, as 6he bad fallen three lengths behind Kingfish. The exact positions at the abattoirs were—Volcano leading by two lengths from Chesham, then after a gap of three lengths came Trident, while two lengthB alike separated the favourite from Kingfish and the latter from Maddelina and Aglaos. At tbe scraping sheds nothing in the race was going better than Chesham, who had drawn within a length of Volcano, while Trident, two lengths back, was double that distance in advance of Kingfish. Aglaos had passed Maddelina, and was improving his. position At the first enrve into tbe bend Chesham was pulling double, but Volcano still headed him, and Trident wa« being urged along after Robertson's horse. At the middle of the bend Chesham was taken along with a rush, and getting close to Volcano the latter swerved againBt tbe rails. Chesham was going so well here, and the favourite responding so sluggishly to Hales's calls upon him, that nearly everyone believed tbe favorite to be beaten. Turning into the straight Hales was still hard upon Trident with the whip, but Chesham kept several lengths clear of him. Half-way down the straight it was evident tnat Che-ham had gone his distance, and as he faltered Hales was harder than ever upon the favorite. Amid great excitement tbe gap between them shortened, and at tbe distance Trident's victory was a certainty. In a few strides further he caught Chesham, aud although easing slightly on p tssing him, won by about two lengths In the struggle the two had drawn clear away from the reat of tbe field, and there was a gap of nearly 20 lengths between Chesham and Aglaos, who finished third. First Consul was fourth, Kingfish fifth. Maddelin* next, and Volcano last. Time, 2min. 39sec SELLING RACE, Of 3 sovs. each, with 150 added. Weight for age. Seven furlongs. Mr. K. Howie's Huron (nil), 7st. 71b. (Howie) 1 Mr J. G. Keid's The Ghost (nil), 7st. 5lb. (Gorry) 2 Mr. R. K. Maitlan l's Stafford (uil), 7st. 51b. (FiddeS) 3 The Baron, Ellington, Louis, Straight Shot, and Riysterer also ran. Time, lm. 29s. The winner was bought in for 230 sovs. COBDBG STAKES, Of 5 sovs each, with -200 added; second, 60 sovs. , One mile and a furlong. Mr. G. Davis's Daystar, by Mercnry—Grace Darling, 6st. 3lb. (Williams) 1 Mr. T. Coffey's St. John, 7at. 12lb. (Williamson) 2 Mr. S. Martin's Hogmanay, 7st. 61b. (Robertson) 3 William Tell, Dunlop, Lord Wilton, Satyr, Recall, Gardenia, The Nun, Pocahontas, lhe Agent, Newmsster, Gadfly, Albanus, Maroney, Myall King, Gold Lake, The Fobber, and Rosary also started. The light-weight won cleverly by a head. Time, lmin. 67}3ec. 