New Guinea. (SI M. Herald's Corresponc(£nt.) Port Moresby, August 7. ? I am writing this for our monthly .imall, which Is at last fairly established. The s.s. Victory, belonging to Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co., has been subsidised by the Government to carry maiJs, and will come here regularly once a month from Thursday Island, calling at Damley and Yule Islands en route. She nrfived here on the 28th ultimo, and has -gone - on to Diuner Island, aud is due here again to-morrow. This regular communication with Australia will do much to encourage ' tradersou the coast, whose greatdifflculty ; hitherto has been the abBenoe of : means | for shipping their produce and receiving their supplies with regularity. It also puts New Guiuea within the reach of enterprising travellers, who can now pay a visit of whatever length they please to this land of golden name aud hopes. I have just returned from a voyage to tbe west in the mission schoouer Ellen gowan, during which I have had an opportunity of seeing much of the coast country between this and Port Chalmers. Our first calling place was Hall Sound, a fine harbour between Yule Island and the mainland. The beauties of Yule Island have been described almost as often as those of Sydney Harbour, so I spare any readers. Two years ago it was, except for one family, uninhabited ; now a con siderable village has been formed on the south-east side of the island by natives of Roro ou the opposite mainland. Some years ago they migrated from the island ou account of the number of ' ghosts '— which, divested of superstition, means that so much sickness and death prevailed that the people were afraid. Ou a shadeless hill above the village is tbe Roman Catholic establishment. I called to pay my respects to the Fathers, and was received most cordially by Father Ver j us. He told me that Father Navarre, the head of tbe mission, was a^vay at Thursday Islaud, but that he had two lay brethren with bim as his colleagues. The Roro district, at the back of Hall Souud, is low and swampy — the home of malaria and mosquitoes. But I counted ' uo less than eight ranges of hills on the western Bide, lyiug one behind the other — like the leaves of an open book, as yet unread aud unexplored. Mdiva' is the uext district to Roro, and as there is no auchorage there we went iu a whaleboat. Tbere is no protecting reef, and during tbe south-east monsoon it is always difficult, aud often impossible, to land. Ours proved to be one of the impossible, times; aud so we bad to return to Aoo Point, just opposite Yule Island, and tramp it for 12 miles along the beach. Groves of cocoanut trees begin some miles before iva is reached, aud extend right away to Cape Possession, but, although the trees are so plentiful, there was not an old nut to be seen. Cobra traders would have a poor chance here. The people are very numerous, and their garden grouud limited, so the cocoanut comes to be one of their most important food producers. Tbey gather the fruit before it arrives at maturity, and store none. At Kavori, a few miles beyond Maiva, the cocoanuts are all tabooed for a feast. To insure the taboo being respected a number of young meu patrolled the vil lage wearing maskt, and covered down to their feet with dried banana leaves or grass. The masks were most elaborate and ingenious. One was made to repre sent a boat with two or three men in it ; another a hawk, one a crocodile, and an other a pig ; but the most surprising was a fair representation of a young woman dressed in European style. As tney never can have seen more than two or three white women, their skill was very re- j markable. They stood in front of us' in « a row for the usual backsheesh— a piece | of tobacco. They generalty carry a short stick under their arm, and cause much terror among the women and children. This custom seems to be similar to the '? duk-duk' of New Britain ;but it has not the significance and sacredneBS which it seems to have there. They slee|) at night, but my rest was broken by the coustant thud of falling cocoanuts gathered by hungry people while ' kaiva kuku ' slept. ' ' The first villages to the west of Cape Possession are those of Oihapu. It is a pleasant walk along the beach of about 12 miles from Kivori. This is the begin ning of the Elema district, one of the largest and most populous in tbis part of New Guinea. It is also the beginning of ; tbe sago country. Tbe people are da&er; in colour than those further east, and different in their habits and customs. The men are powerful and muscular. The women cannot be said to be /beau- tiful according to European ideaa,- of beauty, while their clothing is of .thp. scantiest. There are three viilages at Oihapu, of which Levo is the largest, and most important. Food seemed to rfeiplen tiful, but consisted principally 0f sugar cane, bananas, and sago. T'^ere is 'no sheltered auchorage, and during 'the south-east season lattdio-g through the surf iu a good whalebo;at is not alwkvs practicable. ? One of the party 0f South Sea Hlknd teachers who passed through Sydnejr'feat January was placed at Oihapu by Mr. Lawes ou the occasion of our visit. :The people seeo^ed glad to receive him,' and had huili, a good house for.himin antici pation of his arrival. Of course they only desite his resideuce among them for the material advantages it may bring them in the shape of tobacco, knives, and toma hawks. At the same time they under stand that if they accept a teacher- they must live at peace with their neighbbrs. One of the Oihapu villages is deserted. The people have quarrelled with the larger village, and have gone away, and i are encamped on the beach three or four j miles off. The principal chief' has pro- | mised that they shall be brought back di rectly, and peace made with them. The next village, about eight miles dis tant, is lokea. It was a most plealsttnt walk along a hard sandy beach. Cocoa nut trees abound, and plenty of young nuts were brought to us to drink, but we saw no old nuts. Iokea is but a small village. The people came from Lese, and formed a colony here. I wanted to walk f'orn Iokea to Motumotu, but, the numerous creeks and rivers prevented my doing so. There are a good ' many uncomfortable crocodile yarns about, and the mouths of rivers are the favourite resorts of these ugly creatures. There Is a very large native population at Motu motu. They are much darker in colour than those to the east of Yule Island, and a much finer aud more powerful race. The village is not a fine oue. Therejare good houses, but every street has ^fftle enclosures with dilapidated fences and wretched, low, broken-down bouses. These are the tombB of the illustrious dead. The streets and squares are terri bly disfigured by these memorials of the departed. A number of fiue new djubus were just building, and some were finished. These ' dubus ' are a kind of club house for the men, and at some seasons houses of seclusion for the young men. At particular times youths of about 16 retire to the dubu. Their/Jhpir up to tbis time is kept short, with only a little tuft in front and behind. . They remain iu the dubu until their hair has grown long euough to come down over their faces. The teacher told me that it was generally eight or nine months, and sometimes more than a year, befune they emerged from their pHsonrhouse. .During the whole of this time they are sacred, iff must not see a woman. Their food I 1b cooked for them by mother or Bister, and taken to them by one of the men. . .. There is great rejoicing when they come out, and much feasting. After this they Wear the dress and ornaments of tbe men, but cannot marry until they have reached another stage, and attained a different sty le of hair dressing. When the dubu is not occupied by these young recluses, it is used by the men as their special quarters. On tbe large platform in front they discuss politics, plan expe ditions, and talk scandal, while they chew betel nut, and pass round the bam boo tobacco pipe. The floor is about 15 or 16 feet from the grouud, and the building about 80 feet long. The roof is high in front, and slopes down to the back. There is a narrow passage down the middle of the dubu, and on either side sleeping places, about 4 feet wide, alternated with a fireplace. There is no window or aper ture ; the thatch comes down to tbe floor, and when the fires are going tbe mosquitos have no chance. This is a great sago-making district. Motumotu makes great quantities for trade with other tribes and villages. The people were busy preparing it on tbe river bank when we arrived. The sago palm is very plentiful up the river. It is generally brought down to the village for manufacture. The tree is usually cut When it is 25 or 30 feet high. The log is brought down to the village, where the pith is dug out with a very primitive Implement. This is done by the men ; the women then wash it in a rude trough of bark, and it is strained through the coarse canvas which grows at the base of the palm fronds. It is packed wet iu bags made of the same coarse material, each bundle weighing from 301b. to 401b. Twelve feet of the tree will make three or four of these, so that one palm of 30 feet will yield about 6001b. of wet sago. The Whole process of preparing it is primitive and rough. Before it would be fit for any civilised market it would need to be rewashed and dried. After spending three days with tbis most interesting people, the Ellengowan picked us up, and we sailed for Yule Island. Two Protestant teachers have been at Motumotu for about two years. The natives, who are great warriors, were very quarrelsome ; but a chaDge has come over them in this respect since the teachers have been living amongst them. Tbe young men are now agitating for some fighting, that they may inau gurate the new 'dubus' with feasting and military glory. On our return voy age to Port Moresby we met the Gover nor Cairns iu Bedscar Bay, with the Special Commissioner on board, bound to Thursday Island, via Hall Sound. August 12. We found civilisation had made rapid strides in our absence. A gaol was in course of erection, and the site for a ceme tery is marked out. The Government surveyor, Mr. Cutli bertson, with his staff ot men, have been busy marking out the township, which is to be on the peninsula which forms the south-eastern side of the harbour. A good many plots of ground have been bought by the Government from tbe, natives, some of which, I suppose, will be ottered for sale whenever the Imperial Government assumes sovereignty. There was not an atom of truth in the statement which appeared in your issue of July 21, that the natives had interfered with the surveyor, and that he had been obliged for a time to knock off work in conse quence. An expedition of exploration and ob servation has been sent by the Govern ment, inland from Kapakapa to theKemp Welch River. The only Europeans were Mr. G. Hunter and Dr. Ciarkson. They returned on Saturday last, delighted with the countrv tbev nassed through. The district over which they travelled is, for New Guinea, thickly populated ; but the natives were friendly. Two mission teachershavebeen brought in from Bigo and Saroa by Mr. Douglas's orders, pending an inquiry into a charge made against them of speaking disre spectfully of his Excellency. The health of Port Moresby has im proved, and fever abated. Prom the East end we have news of Mr. and Mrs. Forbes. They were still at Dinner Island, and in good health. The natives were quiet, but a sad accident had occurred which may lead to trouble. Dick, the London Missionary Society ' teacher at Dinner Island, sent the mission boat, in charge of a native crew, to Teste ^ Island. The weather was very bad, and . and it is feared the boat is lost with all hands. There is but little shipping news. Tbe Government has bought the cutter Daisy from Captain Minster. The Governor Cairns is expected back at the end ot the month. H.M.S. Lark arrived yesterday from Cooktown, and will proceed in a few days to Hall Sound for surveying work. The Ellengowan left on tbe 7th instant for Cooktown, with Dr. CSarkson and Mr. English as passengers. She is expected back about the 2Stb. Our mail steamer, tbe Victory, leaves this afternoon for Thursday Island, via Hall Sound and Motumotu. 