i^'i;\' MINING. ??..^''?'?;' .-: Golden Crown. — Tho manager, T. Ram age, roports undor date June 10 : — During the past fortnight stoping north and south on tho Phoenix reef at the 600 feet level has been o*rried on with much about the same robults as usual. At tho 510 foot level the north drive and stopoB are being con tinued, as also the winzo in the Bouth level. A,t the 700 foot lovol the croaaout haa boen advanced 14 feet, total 44 foet ; tho rock is trory hard and breaks small. \t tho wo«t ern shaft the croBacut west at tho 830 feet ?level has boon carried in 18 foet, total 65 foot ; another floor of good slate has boen met with in tho bottom, of tho oroasout. Tho boilor hua been removed from tho Day Dawn, nnd sot in place, but the brickwork is not yet completed. On the 8th instant we washed up roughly from 10 head, and commenced orusbing for 3 North Phoonix tho same day. Columbia Smithfield. — The manager, J. Kemp, reports undor date Juno 11 :— Since' my Just report work has been oarriod on much as usual. In the north drivo and the first ntope following thore is about 10 inches of crushing stuff, with nice gold through it; in fact there is an improve., ment in all tho northern stopoa. In the atopos going- south there is about the usual amount of crushing stuff, with a little gold through it, The eastern oroascut has been drivon 6 feet, total length 32 feet ; it is in good country. We washed up at the Gympio mill from 118 tons 18 owt of atone, for a return of 114 ozs 1 dwt 38 grs of smoltod gold. 1 North Phoenix. —The manager, G. Argo, reports under date June 11 : — At tho 580 feet there ia a large root in the north drive, but it shows no gold ; in the slopes ovor this end a little gold ia to be seen. In the south drive there is very little quartz, but in the stopes over it there is a large body of crushing- stuff showing a little gold. On the new reef at this lovel we are getting a good deal of crushing stuff, with a little gold. At the 500 feet level the north drive is still showing a great width of crushing stuff, but not muoh gold. Iu the stopas over thia end a great iinprovamont has taken pl.ico ; the slate that came in and piuctioa out tlio oruaning-Biuo: nas gone back again, and there is now a fine body of crumiug-atuff in which good gold has been Been. Tho stopes iu the south end are showing gold. The crosscut to the east is in 364 foet from the shaft. The oountry ia very hard aud bud to work. At the 428 feet lovol tlio drive in the north end ia iu lirat-olaas nouu'.ry, and there is a good deal of crushing stuff showing gold occasionally. In the slopes ovor this level there is plenty of crushing-stuff, but it is rather poor. At the 332 fast levol a vvinzj has been started on a branch of tho middle reef ; it is down 10 feot. A start has boon made to put the pumps in tho shaft, and we expect to have everything- ready by the time the steam cylinder irrivep. The contractor has tha sued up for the new battery, aud has been pushing on with the other work as fast aa the weather would admit. T?or tho three Wonka onding June 8th 1050 tons wore raised and crushed for a yield of 787 ozj. 3 itwts. 12 gra. of gold, smelted. .4'. The average number or'uieii omuiv/uu has bbou 12(5 all toid. ' ? ??'??? Inglowood. — Tho manager, 0. Gorvett, reports undor date June 11 : — During thu past fortnight we have sunk the abaft 15 feat, whicti makes the total .depth 1020 feet from tho surfaao. The sinking haa beou chiefly through a dark green con glomerate, whioh has been very ohaugo able ; it lies in iloora from aoout 2 f- 4 feet apirt, and somo of it ia good looking country, more favorabe for working, aud promising for stato at any time. We out a change, in the north-west oorner thia evening; it' ia a fine-grained rock which looks very much like grey alato. The late ruins have giveu us a considerable amount of oxtru water. ? We shall have to timber up next fortnight. [Che half-ywarly most iug of this company waa held on Saturday evening, Mr. G. A. Potter presiding. The bal»nce-3heet and repor:s as read were adopted, aud ordered to bo printed for circulation amongst th.4 existing share holders. Sonid diaousaiou took plaoa as to the future working nf the mine, and a motion was mado in favor of employing tlu-eo shifts, but ovo'ituully it was deoided that only two shifts be employed, aud tint the sinking of the shaft bts continued. Forjue ensuing six months Massrs. J. it. Brown, G. A. . Potter, J. Brewer, J. Lluglius, aud G. Hay were eluded directors, and Air. J. VV. Dawson appointed auditor. The meeting ulo3od with the usual vote of thanks to the chairman.] Wiluiot Extended. — L'ho manager, B. H. Bennetts, reports under date June 11 : — During the past fortnight the main shaft lias been sunk 22 feet, making the total D90 feet. 'I'no country iu the bottom is a little darker than usual. Ou the 3rd insUnt wo out heavy water ; my opinion is that thia water drained from tho Wilmot underlie abuft, a? the water fell 40 feot below the level, the water boforo Doing drained up to the lovol. Siuoo then the water from No 1 South Wilmot has partly filled it up ngaiu. Wo had to start pumping to-day, bo we need not ox peot any loss water while siuking. North Phoenix. Freehold. —The manager, J. Pack, reports under date June 11 : — Since my last report the level' has-been driven IU feet, waking its present length 103 feet. There is not so muoh crushing stuff here as wo havo had, but we have Been bottor gold in it this fortnight than we used to. The firat two atopea ovor tho level allow a good lot of crushing stuff, with » littlo gold. Tho o:hor two Btopes are not showing muoh quartz, but wo occasionally soo a little gold in it. Tho riso has boon slopped this fortnight to allow of a stopo being commenced from it. Wo rosumo rising on Monday. We have drawu the timber in the slmft at the clumber, aud put in a frame 15 teethigh ; this was. neces sary as we oould not get timb.or lung enough down with .tho old framo. We finished crushing yiatei'dtiy, whon from 208 tons crushed wo got 114 ? ozd. 13 dwts. 12 gra. of smoltod gold. The yield was muoh below my oxpeotauon. . Lady ii'lora aud Dootoro': Extended. — Tho wanajitr, It. Edwards, reports under date Juno 11 :— During tho past fortnight another 5 feet hus lioou added to tbo depth of thu shaft, making tho total 305 foot from tlie surface. Wo have had a little ohango iu tho country, goitiug hss ot' ilm hard purplo rock, a bluiuh kind of rook having tukou its pluco ; it has boon rat hor bad foi shooting, owing to so many Muds biting, ni it. We have not mot with .any floor during tho fortnight; 1 ^xpect, tbu next fl.inr will cut thu purplo! route out altogether. We lmvo buun gofng u litllo woto \ytvtur uirnjQ tho rnius, ^ ' 1 South Phoenix. — Tho mantigor, T. Harrys, reports undor dato June 10 :— Since my luat report the south drivd dt..the ' 440 foot lovel haa boon advanced 10 foot, total 103 foot. There is a ohango in this drivo, tho conglomerate having given plaoe to black rook' and blaok olate nost the roof. Tho fooUViill ia oonglomorate. There is 2 foet botween tho walls, consisting of loaders and chlorite We hava seeti colours of gold in tlie hjingingw.ill londor. I hope to have something better to report here next fortnight. In stopes 1 and 2 the reef is from 4 to 6 inohea, and in tho top stopo it is 10 inohoa, with a littlo gold in ,. all. In the north stopea the reef. is 15 inches, and carries a littlo gold. At tho ? 500 foet level tho uouth drive has boon'' advanced 10 foet, total 24£ feet; tho . oountry is conglomerate ; the reef is more defined, and comprises 9 inohes of quartz ;' the hangingwall is a grey conglomerate. Wo started crushing at tho Phoenix mill on ou the 7th instant. Glanmjro Proapeotors.— The manager, T. ' McSweeiiey, reports undor dato Juno 11: — During the paat fortnight tho winze haa ' been sunk 7 foet. making the total depth ' 30 foot ; I saw a few colors of gold for tho first few daya. but none since ; the oountry is a_ ' aoft conglomerate. No 2 reef is , keeping about the samo as usual. The drivo going south on tho reef has been ' advanced 4 feot, which makes a total of 18 foot ; the oountry looks well, but I have - broken no quartz sinco my last report. The country ia still good above the 340 , feet lovel, but hero also no quartz has been broken for the fortnight. Acoording to instructions I took two men from the , winze and put them on No 1 reef ; 110 quartz was broken, but somo of the stone , coming down with the mullock showed a little gold ; thu oountry ia conglomerate with plumbago floors. I think it would bo advisable to put in a crosscut for the reef that waa cut in the sinking of the -? straight shaft ; 1 think about 7 or 8 feet of orosaoutting would get it. ; North Crown and Phoonix. — The mana ger, J. King, reports under dale June 11 s —Since my last report the eastern orossout - hiia been advanoed 10 fobt, making the . total 159 feet. There is no change here as yet. The riso ia up 6 feet, aud the coun try ia very hard dark conglomerate. 7 South Lady Mary. — The manager, H. Storer, reports under date June IL: — Sinoe work has been resumed in the eastern croascut the orossout has been advanooa ? 15 feet, total 104 feet. There is no ohange in the oountry. Phoenix Golden Pile. — The manager, J. O'Connor, reports under date June 10 :— , For the past fortnight the shaft has been sunk 12 feet, making the depth from (he surfaoe 581 feet. The oountry ia stilt very hard and bad for working. We are SO feet through the hard country, but I am expecting to cut through it every day, as the layers are coming in from the east. The machinery ia working well. 7 & 8 Monklaud Tribute.— The manager H. Irvine, reports under date June 11 :— During the past fortnight the jumpup at the 420 feet level has been put up 9 feat. on what was aupposed to bo No 1 reef in the Ilicholla Loiao, but according to Mr. Brewer's survey, it is over 100 feet east of the reef worked on in the Nicholla. The leadoi is very small, but oarries a little gold. I think it would be advisable to get a survey of the eastern ground. The water waa baled out to-day below tho 520 feet level ; ut 118 feet east of tha shaft there is a reef showing and a jumpup hns been put up 12 feet ; I would recommend that one man br employed to oontiuue the juinpup as I think there is every probability of getting; payable gold when the slate coun try is met with. One man is stoping on ' tho oasteru raof at the 420 feet level, north of tho slido, where there is 2 feet of crushing atufi showing colors of gold ; also threo men stopiug between the 250 and 360 feet levels, where the crushing stuff is 3inall, but shows colors of gold occasionally. [ do not think tho old ground will pay uu less it is all. worked oyar again in a faoe, kwpinii a batterv going. ^nE-ncoinx Machine. — io tons of stouo lrom'n '' the 1 South Phoonix, yioldwd 58 oza. of .-.''??-^ sold, smelted ; and 03 tous from the North. ^». Lady Mary, 189 ozu 16 dwts of amalgam, w Gympie Machine. — About 350 tons of atone from ilw Nicholla Laaie, yielded 190 ozs 7 dwta 6 grs of gold, ainelced. Inrepsrting thoopeniogof theLoni;-Tork debate in Brisbane on Tuesday the Courier aays:— At 8 precisaly Mr. M'Ma-iter,- the chairman, stepped to a oautral table fol lowed by Mr, Long, who took the right hand portion. ' Immediately afterwards Dr. York followed them to the left. In a momout the complexion of the audienod was changed. Applause from the olergy men and a generous cheer from the auditorium greeted the Glasgow man; when York oime from the wing a verit.ible yell wont up from tlo -r and gallery, that ought to hava reminded the chairman, thou iu the throes of mental composition, that an ex pression of his ideas upon theology would be like ousting pearls hi) fore swinj. But it didn't. Mr. M' Master wanted to go on record, and go on record he went. The introduction began successfully; it hardly puaaoiaed the truth whioh is generally sup posed to be unpopular. It waa ilutlery cut out from the wholo cloth, for Mr. M'Mistor comfortably forgot all about the average \ Valley cimpaigu meeting, and deolarud 'A, ihut lie hud nevor saou an audience iu Brisbane refuse to uivo any spoikor a fair lioariug. Thii brou^hs down tho house, which, however, rocanted suddenly , wheu the chairman went on to materialise tho thoughts which he had so painfully put together. He oouldu't be convinced, not by anything, if both dobaters talked for a year ; to him religion, be^an aud ended with Christ on tho oroas, and— Then the row bog m. Tho freoihinking section of tho audittuca — 1 well-lunged section by the way — had come to hear Mr. H. A. Long and not Mr. Jodu M'Maator. They . attempted to paraua le the latter sit down, ? everybody pordiiudiag at onoa ; as was human, if not sensible, ho qot exoited' aud wouldn't,. ' I will speak,' ho shouted during a short lull in thu oonfuaion ; but it swelled again till only his inoviug lips aud emphatic geaturos announced that the. speooh was in progress. Alderman Gal loway smiled ; freothiukor Campbell looked us though hu'd bnon left a fortune ; City Missionary Stowart looked indignant; and ' Alderman Hooker got the bonofit of it. ' Sit down.' murmured Hooker, sotto voce, from hia seat iu tho reur. A troachoroua lull botiuyod him, and his old opponent turned ou him iu a ruga. ' Shut npv Aldormau Hookor,' ho howled, ' .1 won'fc allow no foreignor to toll 1110 to Bhm up.' Naturally tho confusion redoubled. Hwaea, choera, groans, and shouts woro in order, of tlio laat tho most popular being that thoro woro no foreigners iuQuoansliind. Mr. M' Master glared iu Hooker, and ropuated' that ttmro wuvo, aud that Hoaker waa ouo of them, Dr. York, with hia showman in stiuo', amilud ; Mr. Long looked did^uated. Ultimately tho cry of ' Dobate, debate' ovurpowtu'od everything olsu, and fliough. ihe ohairuiiii attempted lo povsu ul.i M,.- ' uudionou Unit ha wuuiiiuV'Bi'i-'ili-i'wh iil». ; thoy lisiouod, ho yioidod ut lust, uiii^in- '.???*? tio tticod Mr. L')i«g by paniomim-j. ? \V hnii ^ ? ,' tlio Glasgow dtibiiu:r cu'uiu forward, ''iKb^!--..'.',-' disUirbaiioo a', oitoa uutiiiUed, , kcut ' the', dubato boi;an. Dui'in^ thu eVanim* Mr,1 'iV.''*.:, Lougstood calmly, exoept on v.uoocd.sioiis; ' whi'o Dr. York waudorod about tho plat form like un unhappy ghost, gtihtiuuluiing freoly,' -uid occasionally addressing iiimriulf Dnraoually to iudividural mpiuOurs of (hQ , -mZ ':?'-? \ ' ? € A:-'./^ ? JM 