Acceptance* V. ll. C. llwn«licni»*t. BV TELEGRAPH. ; " ' SYDNEY, MONDAY EVMÏING. THE following are tho acceptances for the New- market Handioap : - Malua, Mozirc, Stafford, Coronet, Merriman, Iraleo, Battalious, Honeydew, Silver King, Liverpool, Tho Ghost, Soa Horse, Plausible, William Tell, Tho Israelite, Oudeis, Uralla. Monto Christo, Watorloo, Bis Bis, Thunder- bolt, Solo, St. John, Dunlop, Ccrlso and Blue, j Napier, Mistake Winchester, Claptrap, Iron- master, The Andes, Tlomus, Tarpoia, Worfield, Euroclydon, Soldier's Wind, Calida, Gardenia, Squireen, Mario Louise, Xantippe, The Jowell, Quortcn, Malstep, Junntia, Fair Kilon, Copra, Bur rilda, Duke of Athol, First Light, Unstra, Oakleigh, Childe Harold, Silvermine, Tho Lovico, F. F" Vos cosa, All Gold, Astrooa, Miss Merlin, Bonnie Doon, Maroondah, Leporello, Prinoe Patriok, Barcaldine, Ncpicallina, Girod«, Pomona, Lady Bell, Corday, Uncns II.. Dclamia, Mavourneen, Sistor Unioa, Sedition, Sea Weed, Sauvignon, Salvo, Morceau, Ishmael. Maydew, Lovelli, Millstream, St. O'Dille, Islander, AUSTRAUX CUP. Malua, Sheet Anchor, Sardius, Grace Darling, Duration, Welcomo Jack, Mozart, Nordenfelt, Off Colour, Coronet, Moonshee, Kit Nubbles, Honeydew, Silver King, Britisher, Liverpool, Don Quixote, Min- erva, Thunderbolt.Matchlook, Plausiblo.Sandal.Win ohestor, Stornaway, Uralla, Tho Israélite, Eurady don.Cerlse and Blue. Remus, Thc Jowell, Mcntmoro, New York, Oakleigh, AHluenco, Kohai, Merman, Childe, Harold, Burrildn, First Princo. Ditto, Yel- low Hauimor, Hunter, Verbenn, GRAFTON HOSPITAL.-Tho adjourned annual meeting of tho subscribers, for tho purpose of reoeiving thc outgoing committee's report for tho past year, and election of officers for tho present year, will be held to-morrow afternoon, at the insti- tution. TUB ELECTORAL HOI L.-From a reoent compila- tion of tire electoral roll there appears to be a diminution in tho number, of oleotors for the Graf- ton electorate for tho past year. .'Hf names have been erased, while only 2(>5 new names have been added, rcduoing tho total from 2121 to 2075; or -J'.1 loss than at this time last year. QUARTER SESSIONS AND DISTRICT COURT.-On Monday tho Quartor Sessions will be opened before His Honor J udgo Murray, who is at present en tho .Richmond. There is only one case set down for hearing-a committal for larceny from the Law- rence benoh, viz. : Ellon Groundrey, HCI'IM Thomp- son, lilian Dav». The following is the list of oases that aro to bo heard at the District Court, which opens on Tuesday :-Uontiuued from last court. 1 ; postponed, 1 ; new coses, 70 ; and 0 va m applica- tions. I THE WBATHEB.-Some consternation wascreated in town on Saturday evening by tho receipt of a telegram from Mr. Kurnell, of the Sydnoy Observa- tory, intimating that the barometer hod suddenly fallen half an inoh, which it was alleged was indi- cative of an approaching storm. Tho telegram stated further that a strong Bouth-wcstorly gale was raging on tho Victorian coast, and if it travelled northwards might be expected in Sydney on Sunday at noon. This was sont to warn vessels from pro- ceeding to sea, especially those bound souUi. Tho Clarenoe steamer« had already left, and some anxiety was manifested as to their safe arrival, but this was materially allayed on Sunday morning, when the telegraph ollioials received messages from the various stations as far south as Gabo Island, intimating that the* weather was of an ordinary character. The only deference noticeable in Graf- ton was that Sunday was an insufferably hot and sultry day, and of this yesterday was a repetition. Rev. J. Smith, Casino, has been licensed to cele- brate marriages. Tho Wesleyan Conference in Melbourne exhorta ministers to urge their congregations to support at tho forthcoming elections moral candidates only, and Buoh as support Bible reading in State Sohools. A terri flo and destrnotlve storm passed over Glen Innes on Wednesduy. The storm was preceded by almost total darkness, which continued for a quarter of an hour. Rain then fell in torrents. A number of houses wero unroofed. Great destruc- tion was caused to tho fruit trees, while in the forest trees were uplifted and the limbs fell in nil directions. It is to thc Chaldeans, Chinese, Indians, and Egyptians that our kna'.vledgo of astronomy is primarily duo. The papers in the Spalding-Airoy case havo appar- ently beon beforo Lord Carrington and passed on to tho Colonial Secretary. Searle, winner of tho ¡1 milo Bkiff rana at Har- wood, on Tuesday, is looked upon by somo as tho " coming sculler." He is only 10 years of ago ; and has won five out of |six races,' 