VANE TRESHAM. A STORY OF METEMPSYCHOSIS. CHAPTER L Br HBBOK SHAW. I do not for a moment expect that any one will believe this story; the Anglo- Saxon race is credaloas to a degree, and probably second only to the Germanic and the Celtic in its love of the weird and mysterious, bat the credulity of yonr average Englishman is more particularly of that character which believeB implicitly in the wild and improbable in travel, and smiles dubiously at the narration of experiences which pass beyond mortal ken and are uuexplainable by any known law of nature. Set him down to a good dish of " moving accidents by flood and field, of hair-breadth 'scapes, and travellers' histories (wherein of art res vast and deserts idle, rough quarries, rocks, and hills, whose heads touch Heaven it is their hint to speak) bid him to a substantial repast of impossible adventures in impossible lands, and flavor it all with a dosing of downright barefaced 14 Munchausenisms," and see how greedily he will devour the spicy concoction. So with his leaning to the love of the ward and mysterious: Tell him a good old fashioned ghost story, a plain, unvarnished tale of 6beeted spectre appearing by your bedside at midnight, and warning you of some dimly foreshadowed danger—this, though strange, he will admit is possibly true. He will respect your family ghost, and probably think more of you afterwards for being thus honoured in the possession of such an eminently aristocratic heirloom ; and even if be do not openly acknowledge that such things can be, he will at any rate go sy far as to say that there may be " something in it," and, vaguely quoting Hamlet's speech to Horatio, will go musiDg on his way. Bat lead him out of the beaten track, bewilder him with a glin through a glass darkly into that as yet unknown region, which lies outside the material world of work and the wondrous realm of science, and you annoy him, and not unlikely end by drawing down on yonr innocent head the vials of his righteous wrath and nineteenth century scorn that you should attempt to take in him—him!— with such a glaring lie. He will curtly tell you with the splendid, outspoken frankness of true-born Englishman that he doesn't believe a word you have uttered, and will brand you henceforth and for ever as a most audacious—perverter of the truth. Hence, knowing that' the circumstances which I am about to relate contain so mnch that is utterly unexplainable, I start by repeating that I do not expect any one to believe them. I give no cause for outbursts of contemptuous scorn, or ebullitions of. indignant anger, seeing that I neither ask nor look for any credence io this actual history. I tell the tale as it was told to me by one whose character for veracity is unquestionable, and who possesses not the faintest spark of imagination; who, too, was personally acquainted with the principal actors in the scenes. It is sufficient for me that I myself believe, while confessing my inability to account for the extraordinary narrative. The reader must judge for himself, and draw his conclusions accordingly. The opening scene of this strange eventful history is a 6mall village in the midland counties, lying upon the outskirts of the Earl of B 's beautiful park, and nfestling bcnoath the shadow of mighty elms and oaks and beeches. The bulk of the dwellings were whitewashed, thatch-roofed cottages of the ordinary agricultural type (foi the fad of beautifyiog his estate by the erection of rows of Gothic red-and-black brick laborers' homes had not as yet seized upon the noble Earl), and the only two houses of any pretensions in the place were the Bectoiy and a rambling, antiquatedlooking abode called Barn Abbey. Of course there were plenty of good comfortable homesteads and granges on the surrounding farms, but this story has only to do with tbe village—Barton by name. At the Bectory, a square two-storied, dark-red brick house, situated in tastefully laid out grounds/separated from the churchyard by a noble avenue of horse-chestnuts, lived tbe Bev. Gwynneth Harcourt, Rector of St. Swithin's, a tall, well-built man of some 60 years. Hid still upright figure, graceful carriage, silveiy white •hair, ruddy smiling face, and kindly blue eyes were known and beloved by all his parishioners, whether peer or peasant, and there was no warmer heart, no more charitable hand, no gentler spirit than his in all the lengtn and breadth of toiling England! The Bev. Gwynneth was a widower with two children. A 6on, Cuthbert, about 24, who, having taken honors at Cambridge and subsequently Holy Orders, had for a brief period acted as his father's curate, and, the hoped-for living being apparently as far off at the end of two years as when bo lefc college, had, somewhat to tbe good old gentleman's regret, discarded the pulpit for the plough, and invested the small fortune .which came to him trom his mother in the purchase of a 6nug little neighboring farm of some 250 acres. Here he now lived, and devoted all his days to the science of the rotation of crops, experimenting with artificial manures, and the study of husbandry in general. As stalwart, manly, good-looking, and joyous a young yeoman farmer as all the country-side could show—and where will you see a fioer lot of young fellows, a more splendid race of young Englishmen, than among the gentleman farmers of- Midlandshire 1 Cuthbert Harcourt had a sister: the delight of her father's eyes, the almoner of his charity, and the gracious chatelaine of the Bectory. About 19; graceful as Diana; with her father's wondrous blue eyes, and her dead mother's wealth of brown gold-flecked lnir; dan as satiny and complexion as delicate as the pale pink petals of a maMen l»lu.-h r ; a perfect, oval face, with a br »a«l low brow like Juno's ; a patrician Utile Grecitn nose, and a mouth whose every smile was fall of love and tenderness— • —A. daughter of the Gods, Divinely tall and most divinely fair. Her name was Marjory, but her father and brother, and all who intimately knew her, called her Madge, and many a young farmer's worshipping eyes were turn-d to her sweet, pure face ia church on sunny Sunday mornings, as she sat saint-like beneath the great north window with her little village choir. In the cottages of the poor labourers, by the bedside of mmy a rheumatic, life-weary old darae, amongst the village children at SunJay-r-clwil, in the quiet Bectory garden with UIH rustic beauties who came to her with all their love troubles, "Miss Marj »ry" was regarded as nothing more n*»r less than an angel sent from heaven to cheer an I render happier the whole huram race. So also amongst her father's friemLs -m i up at the Earl's big house " Madge Harcourt" was equally a synonym for everything that is bright and beautiful and good. Chief among these friends of her father was Yane Tresham, who lived at Barn Abbey. The simple 60uls at Birton could not understand " Mad Tresham, 1 ' as they usually called him amongst themselves over their pewter pots and pipes at tbe " Barley Mow/' Because he was seldom seen inside the church, excepting at long intervals and special occasions such as Christmas Day— and then they said he only went to hear the anthem and see the holly and evergreens —from which you will judge correctly that they were proud of their singing and decorative taste at Barton ; because he lived all by himself io tbe many-roomed, rambling, traditionally-haunted Bam Abbey, having only a toothless old village crone, reputed to be a witch, to make his bed—all his cooking lie did himself—because he was independent in his mode of life, careless of the opinion of the little world of Barton ; known to tit up until all hours in the morn- ing, as could be seen from the light so often burning in his unshuttered study in the early dawn as the sleep-rested ploughman plodded past to his daily toil; for these and other occult reasons the agricultural population to a man, woman, and child confidently (though confidentially, for these things mast not be published on the housetop), affirmed that " Mad Tresham " was a wizard of the deepest possible dye and a secret practiser of tbe black art; and as he always took up his hat and walked out oT church if he happened to be there when the Athanasian. Creed was repeated, why, said these wiseacres, no doubt he has sold his soul to Beelzebub. They would have said Mephistopheles had they ever heard of Faust, for your chaw-bacon is fond of a good mouthful of a word when he is upon the subject of religion. Harboring these convictions, they naturally felt some difficulty in reconciling this theory with their Bector'e close friendship with ** Mad Tresham." This certainly puzzled them, and could only be accounted for upon the assumption that the parson was engaged in the good and holy work of' fighting against the Prince of the Powers of the Air on behalf of his soul-wrecked neighbor. Faint rumors of the belief as to his dealiogs with the Devil occasionally reached Vane Tresham, and many a hearty laugh had he and tbe Bector over the superstitious scandal in the quiet seclusion of the Abbey study. Of all men in creation surely Yane Tresham looked tbe least likely to enter into any such diabolical compact as that of which be was suspected. Considerably over 6ft. in height, with magnificent square shoulders, of a dignified, in fact majestic presence, and possessed of a most graciouB mien, none who met this much maligned gentleman and studeni could fail to be impressed with his appearance, and captivated with the charm of his manner and conversation ?, As for his real age, that it seemed impossible to correctly guess; his buoyancy of spirits, full deep voice, and fresh windblown and sunburnt face gave him more the appearance of a comparatively young man, or one at any rate not yet out of "the fifties." On the other hand, his personal reminiscences of events which occurred early in the century, his intimacy, as shown by many little old-time anecdotes, with sutevJie.j, philosophers, and actors who had nc.ir'.y all joined the great majority before the fathers of the rising generation were broached, and whose names are now for ever blazoned th-i scroll of bis snort- white h»ir, hanging in silky, silvery curls upon the collar of his old vhlct velvet jacket; a certain indefinable, old-world, sUtely grace htnded down from the far-off days of " the first gentleman in Europe," these combined to show that Yane Tresham must indeed be well past the Psalmist's " three score and ton." After his splendid physique, hi6 snow-white hair and bright healthy complexion were the tw.> things which first attracted the notice of strangers; but let them once be brought into contact with him face to face, and everything else of marked or striking character in his appearance was forgotten, completely eclipsed, in his rn irvellous cyos, of unusual size, in colour clear steel-grey, with big purple-black pupils, fringed with beautifully long upward sweeping dark lashes (with not a white hair amongst them), and overhung by thick, busby, jet black brows. When he spoke these extraordinary eyes literally entranced the listener ; there was something about -them— not exactly uncanoy, since they did not inspire those upon whom their gaze was directed with dread—but, what for a want of a better word, most people called un- natural The figure and face belonged clearly enough to the pi-osaic 19th century, and the eyes to who knows when ? They seemed to bo piercing through the mists of untold, ag*, and locking with sad pity, sorrowful yeiruing, or lightning flashes of. indignant scorn upon these degenerate modem times. .They were not the eyes of mesmerist, although their influence was closely allied to the mesmeric in its nature; they were not the eyes of. a basilisk or serp*ut, siuce they rather attracted and held spellbound by their rare beauty and mysterious depths than charmed snake-like by a pitiless, relentless glare, lit, as it were, by a spark from the uuquencbable fires of helL It i6 difficult to describe such eyes, since few if any have ever seen their like upon earth. Fortune Spindle, the consequential dapper, little church clerk, who was more than suspected by the Bector of secretly writing poetry, used to say he always fancied they were like the eyes of Lazarus afier he had been raised from the dead, *' if you see what I mean." He shouldn't like to say what those eyes had looked upon—"if you saw what he meant." CHAPTER IL But really in a general way there was nothing especially strange or uncauny about Yane Trecham. He certainly was eccentric, but probably not more so than a hundred other lonely old bachelors. He bad some few startling and. original notions, too, upon tbe subject of the secret of life and death, and the nature of the soul; but this was scarcely to be 'wondered at in a man who sat up half the night poring ov«r musty old volumes of ancient Greek philosophy, and who openly avowed himself a disciple of Pythagoras and a believer iti Metempsychosis. But only to the Hector and his family did he ever open his lips upon these mysterious subjects. "Bector," said he to his friend one starlit summer evening, as they sat beneath the big elm in front of Barn Abbey—" tell me, Bector, now, what is yonr candid opinion as to having had ia previous existence hereupon eirtb, or possibly in some other planet, What do you make of it ?" "I think it altogether unlikely," i swered the Bector ; " but even if it be you say, 6eeming that we don't appear to remember anything at all about our former state of being—neither its joys not its sorrows, its successes nor its failures—and as none of its lessons have left the faintest traces in our minds to guide us in thistbe latest stage of our journey through time, why, I don't think it matters very much whether it was so or not I know, Tresham, this is your particular hobby, but as for myself I confess I seldom speculate about such palpably unanswerable mental questionings." " But," said Tresham, " have you never of course you have—felt that well-known, vague, mysterious sensation of saying or doing again, in exactly the same place, with exactly the same surrjundings, and under exactly the same circumstances, something Which you suddenly seem to remember having done ages upon ages ago ? How do you explain this curious feeling if it be not the soul's semi-recollection of its doings in the body, miybe, when the world itself was young " It has been frequen tly anil U my notion most conclusively explained," replied the rector. " A mere mental idiosyncrasy, one-half of the perceptive facilities lagging a millionth part of a sccond behind the other and more wide awake half. Disordered stomach vtry probably. Never heard of a man wlioie bosom's lord sits lightly on his throne experiencing the fincy to which yon allude. I have certainly often had the notion myself though, but always feel inclined to put it down to irregular action of the mental clockwork caused by indigestion." All 1 in my own Ciee it is nothing of that kind," meditatively said Tresham. I know all about that dnal brain theory, and hare read np every wri:er upon the ;ubject, but the explanation, piaasiblo enough up in the sunace, falls a long way short of satisfying mo. ily memory of the event in such cases is too real, too distinct, to be accounted for by any mere drowsiness of one of the hemispheres of the brain giving the impression of a repeated image in place of the picture baiog instantly photographed upon the two hemispheres in a normal state of activity. Besides, as I get older these remembrances, vague and shadowy in my yonth, dim in my middle age, yearly grow clearer and more distinctly focussed a* it were. And, what is stranger than all," here Tresham laid his long, beautifully formed, white artist's hand upon the Rector's arm, and turning upon him the light of his extraordinary eyes, said in a low, thrilling voice—"and what is stranger than all, I sometimes now seem, ns it were, to see forward into a future existence, to have vagae visions of myself in til', 1 , guise of another selt in another sphere •—alike and yet unlike—but it is all faint and shedowy, and "—suddenly removing his eyes and hand and breaking off with a laugh, " what unconscionable stuff I am talking I Come in, and I will show you a splendid Elzevir and give you a Celestial ;alad of my own mixing, which I think you will appreciate. I liad the recipe from an old Chinese mandarin, away up the Yang Tze Kiang." Although conversations such as the foregoing were not UDcommon, particularly when the Bector went across alone to Bam Abbey, still they did not often take such a serious turn, and never—or at any rate but seldom, and then only briefly—was the topic of metempsychosis introduced on those occasions when Madge Harcourt accompanied her father in his evening visits to Yane Tresham or she acted ashostess to their guest at the Rectory^ Then, indeed, was Tresham more than ever the courtly gentleman of the old school— witty and sparkling in conversation, not wanting egotistically to have all the talking to .himself, like so many old and clever men who have seeu a good deal of the world, but listening with an amused smile to the rather prosy anecdotes of the Hector's college days, and sympathising with a kindly glance of his fascinating eyes and a gracions bend of his majestic head in Miss Marjory's perplexities and troubles with the village maidens and their swains. And then when he brought his violin, and Madge went to the piano, and sofilv played his accompaniments, he would draw such thrilling soul-stirring tones from tho rare old patched and rivetted Straduarius, aud would fill the big Rectory drawing-room with such a flood of more than earthly harmony, that the good parson -would close his eyes, and leaning back in his easy-chair let his errant fancy soar upwards to the bright Elysian fields, and Madge would quietly take her slender fingers from'the keys and sit in silence listening while Tresham all unconsciously wandered away from the original air, and wont on improvu- ing such sweet, sad musing as 6urely never was erstwhile heard by mortal car. Rising and falling, wailing and crying, now low mournful requiem, then breaking into a spirit-moving psean of prais-i OT song of triumph such as Miriam might have sutig or Deborah cbanted j and so coming softly, slowly, by imperceptible by-ways of song back again to the "Liede ohne worte" from whence he wandered off. Whereupon the Rector would open his eyes, Madge would let her fingers fall upon the keys, and thus after a few lingering chords the tide of music would ceasp, the spell would be broken, aud tho glamour of the musicians Vondrons power pass away. And, sometimes, when the nights were warm aud still, and the air was filled with the fragrance of lilac, and laburnum, and guelder- rose, and when the scent of the thousand clustering cones of blossoms upon the horse-chesnuts came wafting in at the open windows, the Hector and Midge and Tresham would leave the drawing-room and stroll around the grounds, or sit upon the cool, mossy, well-mown lawn, while Tresham told of lands beneath other skies, the glorious luxuriance of tropical forests, the" brilliant constellations of southern heavens, and of weird rites and mysterious ceremonies which he had witnessed on many a distant South Sea Isle. He seomcd to know everything—-he seemed to have been everywhere, and all was told with such a simple eloquence that Madge could almost fancy that she saw the places spoken of, and often caught herself wondering if she had not really been there with him at the time. In his own house, too, in the character of host, "Vane Tresham was equally perfect. Never were such salads as his—so deftly mixed, so temptingly, so artistically n- ranged within the bowl. Never did ladj ''s lips sip such delicate, silky, sofr, amberhued wine as that which he produced in long- necked, ruby-tinted bottles from the darkest corner of the old abbey's big, cool cellar; and in examining his priceless volumes, bis portfolios of engravings, his cameos, bis ait trepsures, his scientific cabinets, and the thousand-and-one objects of interest with which the gloomy lowceilinged, wainscotted room was filled, au evening soon slipped away. And then when conversation flagged and other things failed, was there not always the violin? Old Sukey Hodgson, "Vane Tresham's bedmaker, always averred that the violin was the master's familiar spirit, aud as Sukey was a reputed witch sho ought to have known something about such thiugs, and maybe she was right. Now as every village is au epitome of the world, and as Barton was even as are other villages whose inhabitants, unlike the gentleman in Scripture, did not need to ask Who is my neighbor ?'' but knew all u about him even to the minutest particular of his domestic life—in fact, we-o frequently better acquainted with his private afiairs than he was himself—it can scarcely be matter of surprise that tho bucolic Bartonians found engrossing topic of conversation over their respective wash tubs, or pipeB and pots (according to the sex of the gossipers), in the intimacy of the Bectory folks and " Mad " Tresham. And as is usual in such cases they saw quite clearly what neither of the parties most interested had even guessed at. Said Lucas Hopkins, ploughman, to old Amos Starmer, superannuated shepherd, one cold November Saturday night, in the snug taproom of the Barley Mow, where the rude forefathers of the hamlet were indulging in their weekly symposium, " Master Starmer, ' said he, removing his long clay to expectorate 1 gracefully in the spittoon, " I hears as how Miss Marjory at the Beotory is a gooin' to maake a match of it with mad Tresham. They're alius together a fiddlin' and a playin' onto the pyanner, so Fm a telled." " Oh! I've a knowed thaa was a comin' off this long toime gone by; any fool moight a seen that who had half- a oye in his head," sententiously returned tho patriarchal Amos, proud of his fourscore and odd years and consequent keener judgment than unobserved youngsters of five-andthirty or thereabouts. Lucas Hopkins appeared to be slightly huffed at this implied reflection upon his defective vision and general mental calibre, and sulkily withdrew into his pint-pot. But Jabez Snodgers, a good-tempered, simplelooking " rick thacker," who was fond of nnity and concord, chimed in with, you're a sharp 'nn, you are, Master Starmer. There ain't a many wot sees wot you sees. ' Catch a weasel asleep,' says some : catch Master Starmer a dozin 1 , says I, when there's anything a brewin' in the wind. 1 ' Well," said the mollified oldest inhabitant, 1 don't azackly think I woz aborn yistcrday, 11 young Jab^z. I fancy I knows a thing or two without abciu' told it by Lucas Hopkins" Ah ! " exclaimed the sycophantic thacker. " Give me a hold man. What his oye don't s <o ib'd taake a tolerable big taliscopo to Rpoy out." " But when'* it a comin' off, Master Starmer?" asked another of tho company. Said Lucas Hopkins, setting down his pint-pot empty, and grinning maliciously with the conception of a really brilliant repartue, as he pointed the waxed end of bis pipe-stem at old Starmer, " Whoy, any fool knows that who's got half a oye in bis head." This sally was greeted with such appreciative guffaws that tho offended ploughman was immediately restored to his wonted good-humor and Saturday night conviviality. But Amo3 Starmer appeared to be stunned. When boys of 35 or thereabouts ))egan to make fun of a man of his age and experience, surely the world must bo coming to an end, or if not it was about time it did. Young man," said he severely, as soon as he could recover his breath, "young Lucas Hopkins, if ynu d'-n't moind you'll come to a bad end; that's tho sort o talk and the sort o' conduck to them as is 1 your sinnyers as brought about the French Bevylution. Stopln toim?, Lucas Hopkins, for I should be sorry to see your father's son (for ho were a respectable man and alius looked up to them as woz his sinnyus) come to the gallus." Dash it all! Master Starmer," expos- tulated Lucas, " it ain't quite so bad as that; I was only a rcpeatin' your very own words." " Well, don't do it again, Lucas, don't do it no more," concluded the indignant patriarch ; whereupon the ploughman with a display of mock repentance promised that he wouldn't, and to show that there was no ill- feeling, offered, " if he might be so bold," to stand a pint for Master Starmer, which hospitable proposal the latter, equally willing to let bygone* be bygones, as cordiaKy accepted, and friendship was again cemented over two foaming pots. But when is it a comin' off, Master Starmer?" again enquired the inquisitive villager, who had previously asked the question. Oh, bymeby, bymeby," replied the ancient Amos, wipiug his mouth with the back of his hand. What's your opinioD, Master Starmer, about the suitability, so to speak, o' the match ?" asked Jabez Snodgers. " Tresham's a pretty old bird, ain't he Middlin* like," assented Amos ; " not so old as me, o' course, but a pretty good age—soventy or thereabouts, I should say." And Miss Maijory's about twenty, I '* Yes, thereabouts." " May and December 1" muttered a swarthy-visaged, black-eyed young man, who had hitherto sat silent in the background, quietly smoking his cigar and sipping his glass of hot gin and water. Beggin' your pardiog, Mister, but what did you please to hobserve?" enquired Amos, with some 'accession of dignity at this fresh case of trespass upon his own domain of leader of public opinion, as epresentcd by the voice of the village at Barley Mow assembled. May aud December, governor I" curtly repeated the stranger. " Vane Tresham will never see a hundred agaiu 2" " Lord sake, you don't say so 1" ejaculated the thunderstruck Jabez Snodgers. " It's as true as God made little apples," affirmed the black-eyed iudividual, adding to himself, " Good reason, as he has never seen it the first time yet." This statement was a staggerer to Amos Starmer, who suddenly saw himself dis- placed from his proud pedestal of " the oldest inhabitant;" and he could only sit aud stare with falling jaw, while the rest of the company gave vent to their surprise in a chorus of " Lord sake 1" This startling piece of news naturally drew the attention of the rustic circle to the stranger, who hitherto had been little observed, sitting as he did iu a shadowy corner at the extreme end of tho long deal table. He certainly was a strange-lookiug personage—dark as a Moor, with a jet-black eye and a nose like an eagle's beak. A thick black moustache, fiercely curled at the ends, a sneering, cynical mouth, gleaming white teeth, and a little pointed tuft upon his under lip—not a nice sort of man to know, evidently — and one of those characters who the more one looks at them appear to grow more and more forbidding in aspect. Every labourer's eyes wero fixed upon the stranger; and, queer to relate, as they afterwards each confessed, every one of the scrutineers felt that this uncanny-looking being's gaze was fixed upon him individually, and no other. An unaccountable sort of shiver ran round the room, aud when the stranger gave vent to a low, sardonic, chuckling laugh, Jabez Snodgers felt that be could stand it no longer. With his fat, simple face, the color of a tallow candle, and much about that length, he cried—"For the Lord's sake, young *man, don't laugh like that. You ma-a-ke my flesh creep I" Whereupon the stranger smiled, and Jabez really didn't know which he liked the least—the mocking laugh or the saturnine smile. " And so Vane Tresham is going to marry Madge Harcourt, you suppose, do you?" asked the black-browed personage. uYes," replied Amos, reduced by the late uncomfortable sensation to a monosyllable. As for the others, not a man among them could have opened his Hps to save bis life. " Ah, much you know about it, old wiseacre," returned the stranger once again, indulging in one of his peculiar blood-curdling laughn. Jabez Snodgers gave a gasp, and convulsively sprang to his feet. "Master Starmer and neighbors," faltered he, " I'll wish you good-night. I'm sorry to break up pleasant company, but I railly can't stand that gentleman's laugh, it —it maakes my flesh creep." Then pausing irresolute at the door, " If so be as you're a comin' my way, Lucas, I'll bear you company home." But Lucas bad not finished his pint, and was not quite BO much impressed by superstitious fears as Jabez, so he elecied to remain on a bit longer, and the latter, too full of nervous fancies to face the walk home alone, was perforce compolled to stop on also. " Sit down, Jabez " (" How the dickens did he find out my uame 1" wondered Snodgers), " sit down, lad j I'm sorry my Lugh grates on your nerves so; I'll bottle it up." Jabez sank into his corner of the long, high-backed settle, and with a poor assumption of valor called for another pot of beer. "One minute, landlord," interrupted the stranger, as that worthy rose to execute tho order; " if this highly intelligent company will do me the honor to join me in a glass, I shall be happy to stand pints all round." To most of the highly intelligent company aforesaid the invitation seemed none the less welcome that they mistrusted the giver of it. Even Jabez Suodgers began to think there couldn't be anything much amiss about a man who was willing to pay for pots of beer for other people to drink ; and as for his laugh, why—but no, " dang his buttons, he couldn't get over that 1" The memory of it mado him shudder; but, thought he, it wouldn't turn the beer There was one, however, who privately electod to stand out in this " drinks all round" business. This was old Amos Starmer. His cogitations upon the subject were most profound ; no temptations, said ho to himself, should induce him to accept the hospitality of this individual, who, if nut, as was probable, Beelzebub in propria persond, was at any rato evidently a pretty close acquaintance of his. " Still, on the other, hand, a pot of beer was a pot of beer," aud Amos scratched his head in perplexity. " Bight you are, my festivo Methuselah," suddenly said the stranger, " a pot of beer is a pot of beer, and I'm not the party you take mo to be, I assure you, nor are bo and I especially good friends." " Well, I'm blest!" slowly ejaculated Amos. " I'll swear I never whispered a word, and how the nation could4ie find ont what I was a thinkin' about)" He was, in fact, 60 thoroughly staggered that without distinctly knowing what he was doing he took his pot of beer from *he landlord with the others, and mechanically drained it dry, without, however, prefacing the draught with the short and simple ceremony performed by the rest of the highly intelligent company, and which consisted merely of a quick jerk of the head iu the stranger's direction and the brief salutation, " Good 'oalth, mister." Then the party separated, the rustics wending their way home with many comments upon the stringer's appearancc, and speculations as to who and wbat he was and what ho was after iu Barton. Tho subject of this wonder and suspicion quietly strolled up the lane leading to Barn Abbey, though what he should have to do with Mad Tresham at that time of night was more than any of his late companions could say. It more than confirmed them in their opinion, however, that if not the Devil himself he was beyond a doubt tho emissary, and this being so they further found verification of their long-established belief that Mad Tresham had sold his soul to the Great Enemy of mankind, who was now come or sending for him. Subsequent events quite satisfied them upon this latter point. CHAPTER III. In the middle of the night, when the whole village was wrapped in sleep, thero came a sudden sound of roaring flames, a noise of crackling timbers, a strange ruddy glare which tinged the whitewashed walls of every cottage red as blood, and from house to house there rang from the startled laborers the terrible cry of " Fire !" Half dressed, with boots unlaced, and heavy with the week's accumulation of Midlandshire clay, many hatless, all coatless, the frightened, clumsily-shod mob of fsrm laborers chattered noisily up the lane, where some three hours previously they had parted from the swarthy-visaged stranger, and there found Barn Abbey all in a fierce blaze. Handy water supply there was none, for Vane Tresham had upon sanitary grounds long since filled up the big pond which originally existed as a breeding-place for frogs and fevers at the rear of the house. But at that stage of the fire, even had they a lake to draw upon, with their lack of engines and other appliances, the villagers saw at once that it was useless to attempt to save the place. The building was old, the woodwork was worm-eaten and dry aB touchwood, and the flames had got far too strong a bold upon every room to render it possible that so much as a chair or table could ho preserved. Higher and higher the angry flames leaped, until all the country side for miles around was lighted up, and Madge Harcoutt's fair face was scorched in the fierce heat as sho stood upon the lawn watching 'ho fire with h r father and a little k... l o: 1*4* parisbiuLias. rt So for half an hour the work of destruction went on, and then there came a mighty crash, and a fountain of sparks went darting upward to the lurid clouds, as tho red-tiled roof full in, and a short time after all that there stood left of Barn Abbey was a square of smoking walls, through whose black »nd empty wiudow.s could be seen a smouldoring heap of burnt furniture within. Then there came the enquiry—" Whero is ' Mad ' Tivsham ?" No ono had 6eeu him during the progress of the fire, and in the excite in ont <'f tho hour had novor (bought of asking after him. It is true tho R'-ct'-rhad wondered for a moment why bo bad not joined tho little group of which Madge and himself were the centre, but no doubt he was busy somewhere amongst tho crowd endeavoring to save some few treasures of his priceless collection. The laborers, on the other hand, had they given the subject a thought, would have supposed Tresham to be with the Hector's party. But now the enquiry went up on every Bide —" Where was ' Mad ' Tresham ? Who had seen Mr. Tresham ?" The cold grey light of dawn, alas, told only too truly that no one was ever again him; for in that charred heap, scarcely recognisable as a once human body, lay all that was left of the Sector's old friend and, according to the villagers' belief, Madgu's stately lover. Vane Tresham had be&h; burnt to death. With a strange mixture of fear, awe, aud reverence, the men who now «aw in this terrible end their worst superstitious suspicions fulfilled, quietly laid a blanket over the poor little handful of cinders, and gave the half- melted blackened circle of gold which had once been Vane Tresham's big sapphire ring to Miss Marjory. Of course thero was an inquest, and equally, of course, the first person enquired for was the mysterious swarthy-faced stranger, whose presence in the village that Saturday night had been the theme of wondering speculation amongst the Barley Mow convives. There was no difficulty in finding him—he was passing the Sunday at one of the inns in the neighbouring town of Witherbridge, where on the following evening he was announced to give an entertainment of an intellectual character in the local Mechanics' Institute. Directly he learnt the news of the fire at Barton, therefore, he calmly walked round to the police station and gave in his name as a witness whose evidence would certainly be required —"not, however, that he had much to tell." i So there was no little stir in the big Club-room of the Barley Mow, where the coroner sat, when the polioeman called the name of San Joee; whereupon the stranger /stepped up to the table and-was sworn. • He described himself as San Jos6 Tresham, a Mexican by birtb, mesmerist, electro-biologist, spiritualist, aud mindreader. "The devil!" muttered the coroner under his breath—not, however, as adding another title to the witness's four, but as ail involuntary expression of surprise at the revelation just made with regard to his surname; But Jabtz Snodgers, one of the jury, who sat very near to the coroner and overheard his ejaculation, took it in its literal sense, and said to himself, " There! •wot dia l say 1 1 wish wo woz all well out o' this ; the very oye of him ma-a-kes my flesh creep!" Said tho witness—" The deceased was my fetber, though he did not know of my existence ; and I never saw him until the night of his death. Then, for the first time in our lives, we met. My mother was a Mexican, whom the deceased married at a little convent church near Puebla de los Angeles 30 years :igo. It was a clandestine marriage, for my mother's people would have killed her English husband had tbey known hiin to hs such. Tho deceased was then, I have heard my mother say, a •wonderfully handsome man, and in appearance about 85 years of age. He told her privately, however, before their marriage that he was in reality 50. They lived very happily in each other's lovo for a couple of months, though of course all their moetings were secret for fear of discovery by my mother's people before their arrangements were completed for flight from Santa Cruz." "Where's that thero place?" enquired Jabez Snodgers,-scratching his poll. " Port in Gulf o' Mexico," replied Fortune Spindle from tho other side of the table, " if you seo what I moan." " Jesso," sententiouely remarked the coroner. " Order, gentlemen !" " The deceased," continued the witness, u was then engaged in collecting data'about tho legendary hidden cities of Yucatan, and in tho course of his investigations was compelled to tnko a long and perilous journey into the mountains. He was absent from Puebla de los Angeles nearly six months, and upon his return immediately sought the old priest, who bad been their friend all through, to enquire after tho welfare of the Donna Juanita, my mother. The Padre was away at San Cristobal. My father, the deceased, hurried back to Puebla and made enquiries himself at tho house of his bride's father. They told him she was dead, and that night as he wandered disconsolate in the cemetery outside the city, searching for my mother's tomb, a hired assassin plunged a dagger into his side and left him for dead upon a newly made grave. But tho story of my mother's death •was a lie concocted by my grandfather in liis rage at the discovery of what he considered his daughter's d isgrace. As to who hired the assassin I have nothing to say. It 16 not necessary to my evidence here." " Umph," said tho coroner with a doubtful cou^h. "Well,at anyrate," continued the witness, " it' did not cause the death of the deceased, fur after a severe bout of fever, in which he was secretly nursed by the good old Padre, ho gradually recovered bis strength, and was one day quietly moved down to Santa Cruz and shipped back to Europe. That day I was born." "Ahem," said the coroner, "thisis— cr, a most—I may say an uncommonly romantic family history. Mr.—er—San Jose Tresham, but what can you tell us about the fire !", ••"r- " It's like a book out of Miss Marjory's lib'ry," whispered Jabez Snodgers to his fellow jurymen, " one o' them there yaller back horvals. - It ma-a-kes my flesh creep." " What light can you throw upon the fire, witness ? ' repeated the coroner. " I will onward with my tale and conclude as briefly as I may, Mr. Coroner," answered San Jose. " My mother died when I was fifteen years old, and on her deathbed told me the secret of her life. Since then I wandered all over the western half of the world, for the past seven years lecturing as a spiritualist and mind-reader. ~~ Desirous of learniug something about 'my father, whom I bad always supposed to bo long --since dead, and hearing that he had onco resided in the neighbourhood, I came down to this .village lust Saturday night, and found to my surprise, from the conversation of tho very highlyintelligent compauy ' assembled at the Barley Mow, that my father was still in the flesh. No sooner had we separated" (bowing to Jabez Snodgers, who skulHoJ bis feet uneasily beneath the table and seemed to be calling upremembrances of thestranger's laugh)—" no sooner had we parted than I walked straight up to the door of tho first house I came to, which proved to be that of Barn Abbey, I think you call it, with the view oi inquiring Vane Tresham's abode. My fathor came to the door himself; I knew him in a moment; from the miniature which hung around my mother's neck as she lay in her coffin, and immediately the light of his lamp shone upon my face he started back with a stifled, gasping cry as if ho had seen a ghost. " ' Juanita?' said he. •No,'said I, ' Juanita's son. At last we meet, my father I' _ . " ' I cannot, I will not believe it,' said !. 'Go. Ifo, stay. She—she is dead?' " ' Fourteen years ago/ said I. "'Fourteen?' 6aid lie. *Ah, now I know you lie; she diod full thirty years 'You were deceived,' I answered; and then he waved his hand as a signal for me to entor his house, and there in his study sat talking for a full hour; hut he seemed dazed, though I should imagine bim to have been a particularly bright, clear-headed man at ordinary times, especially for one of his years." Remarkably so ."interposed tho coroner. Ah ! hut my produce and unexpected news evidently had startled him ; he was confused and hazy and dull of perception. I had to tell him tho etoiy of my mother's death three times over, and even then he scarcely appeared to understand it. At last ho rose, and said, ' You had better gn now. I cannot ask you to stay bore to-night. You are young and strong, and the walk to Witherbridgo is nothing to on", of your age—and I am used to living alone. 1 Aud then, with some sletw of warmer feeling, he too-i. my hand, and looking me straight in the eyes, with a tee I .sort of smile, he Slid, 'Don't think vac lacking in hospitality or fatherly feeling, bu'. the tale you have told rae to-night is i-'trinye that I must have time t-i think it over. Good-night. Now go, and come agiiti (o me with yourpapers to-morrow.' i ;iecordingly loft him and reached the Wiiou'sheaf Inn, Witherbridgs, ju-it a-i the cluck was striking midnight. I rememhor noticing as I left his study that the wood firo upon the open hearth was still bright, u:.d made up as though to burn for som! two or three hours longer." Here ouded the evidence of San Jose Tresliam, and he thereupon resumed his scat. The landlord of tho Wheatsheaf, Withorbridge, confirmed the last witness's statement as to the hour of his arrival at that hostelry, and tho mysterious mesmerist, electro-biologist, spiritualist, and mindreader was perforce acquitted of having had any hand in tho fire, although the jury had entertained Tery strong suspicious of him previous to the recital of hi6 personal narrative. Medical testimony it seemed alimst useless to call, since the condition to which the body was reduced rendered it impossible for any doctor to state positively at what hour death had taken place; but bearing in. mind the normal activity of tho deceased, his quickness of movement, his readiness of resource, and his great physica~ strength and eudurance, it seemed im possible that he could have been quietly burnt to death in his chair without a struggle to escape. Besides, he was not a man accustomed to fall asleep over hiB books or papers; but even had such been his habit, it was not at all likely that he would have given way to the weakness after such a recital as that to which he had lately been a listener. Mo, as the medical man opined and as tho coroner coincided, the probability was that Vane Tresham, thoroughly unstrung and dangerously excited by the startling • nature of the news imparted to him by his son, had sat up for some time deeply pondering over the strange story, and .'ibout 2 o'clock bad been suddenly seized' with a fit, and fallen into tho fire, there to he burnt to death, and he the means of all his household goods being burnt about him to form his funeral pyre. The jury, therefore, were not long arriving at their verdict of " doatli by the visitation of God ;" though Jabez Snodgers always afterwards affirmed that in his opinion the visitation was by quite a different Personage. So Vane Tresham died, and was buried, and Sm Jos6 Tresham his son W it his way, mesmerisiug and mind- reading, and was seen no more in those parts. And the last clerical duty which the good Rector ever performed was to road the burial service over the grave of his old friend; for a cold caught the night of the fire settled onhis ches^ inflammation of tho lungs speedily set in, and in 10 short days he too had joined the groat majority, and with Vane Tresham had solved the wondrous secret which they twain had in life so frequently discussed and vainly speculated about. Madge, therefore, suddenly found herself deprived of both fathor aud companion, and possessed in lieu thereof of comparative wealth—for Vane Tresham's will, which for many years had been lodged with the Witherbridgo solicitor, bequeathed all his real and personal estate to " my dear and well-beloved friend, Marjory Harcourt." And tho Hector also left all his personal estate—some £10,000 in the Funds—to his daughter; his son Cuthbert receiving the small real estate, and being otherwise fairly well provided for by his mother's portion aud a respectable legacy from a bachelor uncle. Cuthbort and Madge were therefore called upon ti lay out some plan of their future ,. IV tlueo or f>ur months after the Hector's death Madge lived with her brother at Crauford Grange, an 1 then in the May following Cuthbert sold his farm to the Earl's steward, who had long looked upon it as a Naboth's Vineyard ; and he and go engaged their passage for Australia with a view to embarking in tho enterprise of sheepfarming. Fortune Spindle, who, liko Othello, found his occupation gone now that his old patron, the Rector, was dead ami a now king had arisen who know not Joseph—" if you paw what he meant" had for a short time been assisting Cuthbert Harcourt with his accounts, and at his and Madge's invitation gladly agreed to accompany them to Sydney. Thus, on their last Sunday in England, they all three attended the familiar old Barton Church, and after tho closo of the service, as they walked down tho aisle, they turned at the oiken door to take one farewell look at tho two white marble tablets, newly erected on either side of the great north window—the one on tho right— In loving memory of The IIEV. GWJTNNETU HAnooonr, M.4., for 20 years Rector of this Parish, who die'l 27lli November, I860, nged 01. The o'hi-r, <>n tho left, simply— CHAPTER IV. The events which led to Cuthbort and Madge Harcourt taking the step narrated the close of tho last chapter may bo briefly tild, Cuthbert had an old college chum in New South Wales, who had written to him early in the new year recommending him, if he could raise the requisite capital, to go out to the mother. of the Australian colonies and put his money into a sheep station, instead of pottering'along in Midlandshire experimenting with phosphates guano, and bonedust, and wasting his substance not exactly in riotous living, but in that which the cant phrase of the day ctdls scientific farming. To a man with a hking for a country life, no particular ties to keep him in Euglaud, a knowledge of sheep and cattle, and a few thousands at his command, au unusually favorable opportunity was, moreover, now open. A young follow, owner of one of the best runs in the "Warrego district—well stocked, well watered, and most completely fenced—had some little time back sustained a mysterious mental blow in tho shape of a sunstroke, which rendered him totally unfit to look after his business, and made it absolutely necessary for bim to take iu a partner. Full particulars of the station accompanied the letter, and pending inspection Cuthbert Harcourt telegraphed out to the agents to give him the first refusal of the partnership. ' On arrival in Sydney everything was found satisfactory, and it only remained for Harcourt to personally go over the run and inspect the stock in order to conclude tho business. Madge iu the meantime stayed with some clerical friends who had known the Hector in bygone days, and Fortune Spindle accompanied his young master to the run. The property fully bore out everything that had been said of it, and September 1 saw the legal documents signed, and Cuthbert Harcourt embarked in his new career as an Australian squatter, and part owner with Cecil Armstrong of the Mount Verity Sun. Nothing very definite could be learut by the Harcourts of Cecil Armstrong's seizure. AU that the agents could toll was the story as narrated to them by the overseer upon tho station, since dead. It appeared that on the morning of November 17,1880, the day of poor Vane Tresham's death, Cecil Armstrong had ridden out to look at a well . being sunk in a paddock some 20 miles from tho head station. It was a blazing hot day, and he had complained at treat fast of a pain in the head, and of feeling generally out of sorts. Soon after noon his horse camo galloping back to the headstation riderless, and the overseer, filled with apprehension, immediately rode forth upon the tracks, and soon found his young employer lying to all appearances dead beside a clump of saltbush. By this time a terrific hot wind was '^ blowing like a blast from the furnace of King Nebuchadnezzar, " heated one seven tiinos more than it was wont to be hoated;" the rays of tho sun—a molten globe in the midst of a brazen, burning sky—came darting down like arrows tipped with fire, the air was filled with scorching, blinding clouds of sand, and so fierce was the glare, and so blazing the heat, that it was dillicult for horse or man to breathe. Sunstroke," said the overseer; " dead . as a door nail, sure as my name's Jack Robinson " (which it wasn't, by the way). Taking off his sud.lle he placed it on the ground so as in some degree to shade his employer's head from tin: sun, and galloped bareback to tho head station for assistance and restoratives. They sonn got the young squatter home, but for many a long hour ho lay unconscious between life and death, and when at last ho showed some faint signs of returning animation it was quite evident that his mind was wandering, if not completely gone. Although, owing to go-id medic .1 treatment by a young doctor, lately settled in the 10-mile di-tant bush town, and careful nursiug by the overseer's kind-hearted wife, Cecil Armstrong gradually recovered his wonted health and strength, still his brain never seemed to awaken out of tho condition of stupor into which it had fallen. From that fateful 17th of November Tiis mind was a blank as to all his previous cxisw-uco. He remembered nothing, absolutely nothing, of what had occurred before; his very name, his childhood, boyhood, manhood, all the varied expediences aud juvs and sorrows which go to make up life, were utterly forgotten by him; his past was as though it had not been; .it clearly seemed to his dimly conscious brain us if he had really been born into the world on that 17th of November. Yet many of his mont d faculties were as bright as erst; he could road and write and converse upon the current topics of the tinics as they arose from day to day as clearly aud as intelligently as ever. It was in his memory of the past only where he was en*-., tirely at a loss. He remembered nothing' about his station arrangements or engagements, how he came to bo there, nor who ho was. Had -lie dropped from tho clouds and suddenly found himself an Australian squatter he would have known just as much about it. Hence, especially after the overseer's untimely death, the immediate need of a reliable, honest partner. Such, then, was the condition of Cecil Armstrong when Cuthbert and Madge Harcourt took up their residence at Mount Verity. For tho rest, he was a well-built good looking young fellow enough, with brown curling hair aud heard, aud eyes and mouth whose expression of melancholy, evidently of but recent growth, seemed to ill accord with the naturally laughing twinkle of the former, and humorous lines of the latter feature. He was a .gentleman —of that there could not bo a doubt—Ilia style was irreproachable, and his manners . particularly charming. This was of course a great comfort to Madge, who, to tell the truth, had looked forward with some little apprehension and dismay to living in the same house and upon the terms .of daily intercourse with this new partner. As it fortunately turned out,, however, nothing could have proved more pleasant in every way than the arrangement made, and before a week was passed Cecil ATmstTong and " Miss Marjory" were warm friends. It is needless toeay that Madge's innate delicacy prevented her from directly questioning Armstrong upun tho subject of his strange mental idiosyncrasy, and yet ^ it was almost impossible to avoid touching upon the matter in tho course of their frequent conversations. Naturally her womanly curiosity often tempted her to learn more of the actual facts of the oase, and with the highest and best resolves in the world she could hardly help occasionally trenching upon the., debatable ground. In short, she quite as often as not did so from, mere inadvertoncc as from deliberate intent. However, Madge need have felt no scruples, 6ince tho very thing Armstrong was longing for more than another was a sympathetic soul to whom he could confide all his bewildering mental doubts and speculations—one who would aid him in clearing away the thick clouds which obscured his memory of the past, and would assist him in understanding, or striving to understand, tho mysterious impressions, the vague, shadowy dreams which were constantly flitting through his wondering brain.. Just such a congenial spirit did be find in Miss Marjory, and before a month had passed by he had himseli broached the subject which Madge had so carefully shunned, and told her all his inmost thoughts and inexplicable fancies. More especially was he deeply moved and troubled in his mind on the fateful 17th November, the anniversary of his seizure, and, as Madge only too well remembered, of poor Yane Tresbam's tragic death. He was restless and perturbed in spirit all day and scarcely cared to stir out of the house, and Madge did her bosb to soothe him' by singing some of her old English ballads, for which her low, sweet voice was admirably adapted. . In one of the intervals of the music Cecil Armstroug rose fioui the couch and wandered aimlessly to the window, where, after gazing out for a few minutes with u fixed, puzzled expression, he suddenly turned and said, " Miss Marjory!" " Yes," said Madge. " Miss Marjory, 1—I know it's awfully foolish and incomprehensible and that sort of thing, but I can't get the notion out ol my mind that I am not tho same man I was before last 17th November. Isn't there a philosophy, or something of that sort, called metempsychosis—the transmigration of souls,' you know ? Upon my word, I believe I took a new lease of life a year ago, and neither in soul, spirit, nor mind am I now the old Cecil Armstrong, but some other being. 0 Madge • started. Why, this was dear old Yane Tresham's favorite theory, th>* subject upon which he was for ever harping. It might almost be himself talking again, and do what she would Madge could scarcely resist a cold shudder. " Yon remind me of a dear, dear friend, a grand old gentleman whom we knew in England, when you talk like that," said ehe. Cecil Armstrong was strangely interested. " Tell me about him 1" excitdely said he. " He was burnt to death a year ago today." " To-day "Yes. It.is a sad story. I cannot tell it now ; to-morrow, perhaps"—and Madge lefc the piano and walked out of the room quietly weeping, for the recalling of the old days at home had also brought back memories of the dear dead father and the happy, happy evenings at the Rectory and Barn Abbey. That same evening Cuthbert, Madge, *ad Cecil Armstrong drove across to the little bush township, where a certain Professor Angelo was advertised to give an entertainment of mesmerism and mindreading. Fortune Spindle.also accompanied them. Said Fortune on the read to the township, " Do you remember that San Jose down at Barton, Miss Marjory ? He was a queer 'un, he was, if you see what I mean." " I remember reading about him in the paper, Fortune, but I never saw him, you know. What a strange thing it would be if this is the same man." " Not at all likely, Miss Marjory. These mesmerists spring up like mushrooms and as quickly disappear, if you see what I mean. Ah ! he was a queer 'un, he was. Poor Jabez Snodgers, he considerably startled him, and that's a fact. And to think he was Mr. Tresham's son after all. WonderfulJ" The world, as has been. frequently aforetime averred, is a small place, and people are continually running up against each other in -the most unlikely parts of it, therefore it was not altogether surprising; that Professor Angelo should after all turnout to be San Jose Tresham. . Fortune Spindle know him directly he appeared upon tho platform, and whispered the fact to Miss Marjory. The mesmerist had not altered in the least, the same sparkling black eye, the 6amo fiercely curling moustache, the same cyuical, sneering mouth and saturnine smile. Madge thought that if he. were like his mother, and ho certainly did not 'bear any resemblance to Yane Tresham, then Juanita must have been n very unpleasant-looking lady. But perhaps this was prejudice. The performauce proceeded after the customary fashion, aud was, to tell the truth, somewhat slow, but the Professor undoubtedly possessed remarkable powers. At last, fixing his eye upon Cecil Armstrong, be invited him to take a seat upon the platform. Whether it were so or not Madge felt it difficult to decide, but it certainly appeared to her as if Cecil Armstrong had lost all power of will and was completely under the influence of the mesmerist. Without looking to the right or left, or hesitating for one siugle moment, he rose and walked straight down to tho indicated chair. Proiessor Angelo, or San Jose, then made tho usual passeB, and Cecil Armstrong commenced to murmur in a low, far-off sort of voice. " I see,", said he, " a long rambling old building; there is a lawn in front, with a big elm-tree in the centre. Mr. Harcourt is there, and his sister, and an elderly gentleman with white hair who looks like a clergyman ; and—and—I cannot understand it, but I seem to be there too—an old, old man, in a violet velvet jacket, and I am playing the violin "—and here he suddenly broke off, and rising swiftly to his feet ho seized a common public-houso tiddle which lay upon the table, aud (although he knew not a note of music) he drew such thrilling, soul-stirring tones from ihe cheap cracked instrument that tho audience were entranced. Rising and falling, wailing and crying, now a low mournful requiem, then a spiritstirring paean of praise, and filling all thu tawdry little hall with a flood of the most exquisite harmony. Evea the cynical San Jose himself was astonished and stood as one thunderstruck—when suddenly there, was a cry aud a sudden commotion in tho body of the room. Miss Marjory had fainted and was being carried out by her brother and Fortune Spindle. Outside, the weather had changed, the •iir was cold aud damp, and soon revived poor Madge. The horses were speedily put in, and Cuthbert was anxious to start with his sister for home, especially as there was talk of a heavy thunderstorm in the hills, and a big flood coming down ihe Bunda Bunda Creek. But Cecil Armstrong oould not be found. In tho sudden stir arising from Madge's swoon— caused by the awful revelation, as it seomed to her excited brain, that this indeed was no other than the spirit of Vane Tresham himself, in tho body of Cecil Armstrong—he (Armstrong) had somehow got missed.' Several people standing round, however, said they had seen him walking rapidly-down tho road towards Mount Yerity, and Cuthbert, therefore, in no little anxiety prepared to follow. • They saw nothing of him on tho way, and Cuthbert after a mile or two decided to turn back. Once again reaching the township they renewed their enquiries for their missing friend, but could learn nothing new. . Starting homewards once more, Cuthbert drove slowly and frequently pulled up and cooeed, but always without any response. At last they reachcd the Bunda Bunda Creek, and found it coming down a u bauker." There was nothing, therefore, to be done but cither to drive round tho "bend a couple of miles further down, and a nasty tord even at that, or return for the second time to tho township. They decided to adopt tho former course, and soon arrived at the bend in question. By this time the clouds had p&ssod; away to the southward, and tho full moon was shining overhead, and making all the country almost as light as day. Carefully guiding the horses down tho steep aud rocky, incline to the creek, and bidding Madge hold on tight and not be frightened, giving also like injunctions to Fortune Spindle, who sat behind, Cuthbert prepared to cross. At the edge of the water tho horses gave a sudden swerve, and nearly capsized the buggy into the roaring flood below. They had shied at some dark object caught in the limb of an old gum-tree which projected, over a whirling pool some few feet lower down the creek " My God!" cried Cuthbert, aghast, " it is Armstrong." How she held the frightened horses Madge never knew, but hold them she did, while Cuthbert and Fortnne Spindle got tho body out' of the waterhole, and lifted it upon the rocky bank. He was dead; there he lay with his white face upturned to the cold moon, whose bright beams played and sparkled on a big sapphire ring upon his third finger, which no one had ever seen there before, and which was tho exact counterpart of that once worn by Yane Trosham. 