AMONGST THE BOOKS. LITERARY GOSSIP. A Router's telegram from Berlin announces flic death of George AVaitz, the eminent Ger- mau historian. Mossrs. Longmans have iu the press n voiuino of rcminisccuccs by Hobart Pasha. It will bo entitled, 44 Sketches ol My Lile." Mr. A. P. Siunctt, not tired with expound- ing esetcric Buddhism m Annua, is going to bring out yet another tale, called 44 United," devoted to the mysteries of Tiieosophy. Professor vou Itaako had finished the seventh volume of his 44 History of the "World," bring ing it down to the German Erapcror Hcury V. This volume will bo published before Christmas. Messrs. Sampsou Low end Co. are the pub lishers of 44 An Account of a West Indian Sana torium aud a Guide to Barbndocs, " by the Rev. J. H. Sutton Moxly, who, as chaplain to tho forces, is personally acquainted with the island. The death is announced of Mr. Potter, formerly Professor of Natural Philosophy at University College, London, and author of a well known treatise of optics. He was sixth wrangler iu 1833, being about 40 years of age at the timo. For the benefit of collectors it may be stated that Prof, Clifford's autograph signature is ex ceedingly scarce, for he seldom wrote at all ex cept to very intimate friends, and thcu almost invariably signed only the short familiar name by whicli his friends know him best. Mr. Georgo Augustus Bala will contribute to Tin/ley's Magazine for July aud tire following months a series of new and original articles, entitled "P. aud 0. Papers," being tho record of a journey from Melbourne to Mccklcnburgh- squaro by way of King Georgo's Sound, Cey- lou, Madras, Calcutta, Aden, Suez, Port Said and Marseilles. An interesting study on negro dialect by Mr. Pago appears in the June number of tho Cen tury. Mr. Page's stciles of Old Virginia ought to be better known hero thau they are. A confederate general once said that he 'wonld rather hare writton them than Gray's 44 Elegy," whilst Mr. Ward Beccber holds that thoy aro tlio prottiost that have ever been writteu. We understand that the important work upon American Iustitutious — the nature and work ing of the American system of govern ment — upon which Mr. Bryco, M.P., has been engaged for a long time, is necessarily delayed for a few months by his appointment to tho Under-Secrotaryship for Foreign Affairs. Tho manuscript, however, is nearly reudy for the printer, anil as suon as the pressure of official work relaxes for a few weeks Mr. Bryco will he able.tu complete and revise it, nud the first vo lume wtli be issued immediately. Mr. John Dinsdale, whose Skotchcs at the Inveutories wero so popular last yerr, lias this year limned a series of Sketches at the Colonial Itud Indian Exhibition, which in point of truth fulness aud execution fully equal his former production. Mr. Diusdalc, besides possessing a facilo command over his pencil, has the rare gift of portraiture in nn eminent degree, and his likenesses of tho 44 real natives" at the Ex hibition, as well as tho features exhibited in the 44 official group" shown on thelast page, are striking pieces of portraiture. A few weeks since the rnauagement of Bell's Life — to borrow its own peculiar phraseology — 4 threw up the sponge," and the (Inn and oldest sporting paper is now numbered amongst the "have becus. Veil's Life was started in 1822 by ono John Bell, au.1 tbo profits that accrued therefrom enabled bis son, Robert Bell, to purchase Norris Castle, near Osborne, now tbo property of tho Duko of Bedford. 44 Veil " has bceu in a poor way for some time past, but its final collanso was somewhat sudden and un expected. The farewell words it utters iu its last issue explain the vicissitudes it has gone through of late years, and why it has been fonud impossible "to continuo the struggle any longer. Tho well known collection of illuminated MSS., tho property of tho lato T. g. IValkcr, or Liverpool, was sold by auction at Sotheby's ou tho 23rd of Jnne. Among the early speci mens ot German MSS. is a long and interesting poem, comprising nearly 20,000 vorscs, written tu tho yoar 1411 at Liechtenstein for tho Couut and Countess of Toggcnburg by Die trich, tli air chaplain. This beautiful MS. on vellum, which is finely decorated, was purchased at .tlio Braggo sale for £200. Another exqui- 'riely decorated hook is ' JIoitc Beatie Mariic V irginis. It has holders painted iu the best stylo of Flemish art. probably by Mernling or II. vundcrGoes. Among these uro the An- niiQciatioii, (lie Murder of lire Innocents, uud tire Descent of the Holy Ghost, which are worthy of any school or period. This MS was executed between 1434 and 1400. Tberc is also a 44 Missaic Romanam" by au Italian scribe, containing on the front pago the arms of a bishop, for whom the volume was doubtless executed. At the celebrated sale of La talliero it realised 740 francs, and nt the Per kins sale £70. 