Burra Jottings. ——■ <»■ * (By Mosquito.) Inquests.—Two inquests were held at the Burra Hospital during the last week. The first was on the body of a man named Win. Martin, who had been sent down from Terowie in an unconcious state, According to the decision of the jury it appears that the man had beed lark ing with a black boy and another person named Kelly on Paratoo run and Keliy'3 and Martin's liorses ran into each other causing them both to be thrown off. A verdict was given accordingly. The other inquest was on the body of a man named Jansen, who, whilst driving into Burra from Baldina got thrown out of the trap. It appears Jansen was the worse for drink at the time. The jury gave a verdict that "Jacob Jansen came to his death by being thrown from his trap and that it was accidental and not otherwise." ft, V. F.—A match took place on Wednesday last here between 12 members of the Burra R. V. P. and 12 members of B. Company, Adelaide Rifles. The ranges were 200 400 and 500 yards, 7 shots per man. The Adelaide company won by 69 points. Captain U older of Burra made . the highest individual score for the day with 63 i After the match a dinner was partakeu of at j the Burra Hotel, when several short speeches were made A few of the visitors returned by the evening train and several stayed for a days I hunting on Thursday. • Bkief Notes. The "Ghost" is found to have some sub stance, so says "Minnie"' I hear one of your footballers has been busy eating our "Joe's" tucker, allow "Mosquito" to warn " George" to be careful. The concert in aid of the Morton family which was so successfully got up here realised £15 clear. Jn reference to the Black Hill silver claims we have on exhibition here several buttons of Silver which has been taken from assays. It is sap. posed to be very rich. Good assays are being received from all round the district. Mr. John Roach had a concert at the Institute almost all to himself the other night. There were not a large number present. I hear Mr, Roach is eut of pocket by if. Our friend "Billy" is kicked out of the Wes leyan school here on account of his giving up the orthodox, some people aay he is a freethinker All I can say if he is not he ought to be. pri ncipal you know. 