CRICKET GOSSIP. TBt Longstop.1 The Dutton Parks added another victory to their list on Saturday, when they played the G-reenocks (who, by the way, hare a sort of arrangement with the Nuriootpa club for playing four of the latter in every match played and vice versa), thus making five wins and a draw out of six matches, and is the best start made by the club since its formation, eight years ago. The team selected to go was neither very strong nor very weak, but at the time of starting only eight had turned up, which doeB not speak well for the absentees. When the season started the match com mittee was blamed for leaving self-styled prominent members out of the first one or two home matches, but as soon as return matches are commenced some of those picked do not turn up or even send an excuse. The D.F. committee should put a stop to this and only select those players for home matches who will make an effort to play when matches are being returned. Bebbeck, the chosen captain of the visitors, lost the toss to Adams, and the ParkB were sent to bat on what may be called a fair, but not good, natural wicket, which bumped slightly at the north end. Mugg and Jones were the first representatives, Sam Plush and Finey opening the bowling. Off the former's first over 6 were scored and off the latter's 3, but in Finey's next over he got rid of Jones. 1—7—10. Uren filled the vacant crease, but after taking a couple of overs without scoring, was bowled by Finey with a ball which broke in from the leg. 2 for 12 was the state of affairs when the captain appeared, and he ably assisted by Mugg commenced to run the total up, the score being taken from 12 to 81 before a separation was effected. Mugg was the first to go, having compiled 27 by vigorous cricket, including a magnificent leg-hit for 5 off Sea. Plush, and his innings was not marred by the ghost of a chance. Fawcett came in and saw the captain caught by Leahy at cover off Finey for 37, which were secured by good and patient cricket. 4 for 85. WilliamB, who has been lately playing well with one of the junior clubs in the E. S. J. Association in Adelaide, was bowled by Plush first ball, much to his confreres' surprise, and thiB let in Jacob, who immediately settled down to run getting, and he and Fawoett hoisted the century. Shortly after the latter was bowled by Adams for 10 compiled in a stylish manner. Savage and the veteran, Clarke, failed to score, and Wells only managed to make 4, leaving A. Clarke not out, the innings closing for 124. Jacob batted in a very free style and deserved his 29, which included 3 fourers. The bowling was not at all first-class, the honors being as follows :—Adams 4 for 25; Finey 3 for 25 ; Sea, Plush 3 for 48. The Plush Bros, and Leahy made good catches, and on the whole the fielding was fair con sidering the ground wa9 not Al. Finey and Sam Plush opened for the home team to the trundling of Jacob and Mugg, the former dismissing Finey in his first oyer for 0, the total standing at 8. Seaward joined his brother and a long stand was made, both batting in good style, though Sam was inclined to be uppish, and gave two or three somewhat easy chances. The score was taken from 8 to 75, when Rebbeck cleverly snapped up Sam in the slips off Williams, who had gone on at Mugg's end, for 52, including good hits for a six, 2 fives, and 3 fours. The remaining eight men only scored 11 between them, leaving Seaward Plush not out with 41, compiled with | care, including a fiver. The total was 112, of ; which two men contributed 93. Jones and B. Clarke each made fair catches. Jacob bowled well throughout the innings, keeping up a good length, his average was 7 for 47 and Williams' 2 for 31. The fielding was passable. Taking both sides 236 runs were made, 203 being contributed by 7 men and there were 18 sundries. This left 15 runs for the remaining 15 men, ten of whom, five on each side, scored duckseggs. The following letter haa been banded to me by the Secretary of theDutton ParkC.C., which I think may interest some of my readers. The letter comes from one of the clubs in an Adelaide junior association :—" Adelaide, December 6th, 1886. Secretary Kapunda Cricket Club. Dear Sir—I, on behalf of the EoBemont Cricket Club, challenge to play your club a friendly game of cricket on your oral during the coming Christmas holidays on the following conditions—We are pre pared to play two or three days if your club are willing to bear the expenses of our trip, say for 13 ; we could help you in a concert if that would take up there; if you cannot see your way clear to accept this, please let me know what you would be willing to pay, and I will give you a description of and full account of past performances of the above club's team. Trusting we will be able to ar range with you. Yours truly, A. E. Bab low, Secretary Bosemont C.C." This is the first of such challenges yet received by the Kapunda cricketers, and it is to be hoped will be the last, as in the oountry they generally play for the love of the game—not to make a day's pay out of it. It may interest the Rosemont C.C. to know that both the Norwood and Adelaide cricket clubs have arranged to pay a visit to our town as cricketers in the proper sense of the term. On behalf of the D.P.C.C. the Secretary (Mr. J. H. Jones) replied to the letter quoted above to the effect that they would play on the usual terms, i.e., without any remuneration for expenses; but 1 suppose this will not suit the would - be professionals of the Rosemont C.C., as no reply as yet has been received. Similar dispoaitioned clubs from any of the associations in the city who cannot pay a visit to the country to play cricket with out wanting someone to bear their expenses had better stay at home and get association matches arranged for their benefit. W. W. Reud, the great Surrey batsman, played in 54 innings (4 not outs) last season in important mutches, scoring 2,100 runs, with an average of 42. This is something like run-getting. That cricket runs in families has often been proved to demonstration. When there were " three Graces" there used to be talk of pitting them against three only leas famous brother cricketers in Australia. Then there are the brothers Steel, and it is quite a long time since there had been ad inter University cricket match in which at least one Studd did not play. But the brothers Christapherson beat the Graces, Steels, Studds, and Lucases. Tue annals of cricket have probably no parallel to this team of brothers. There are eleven of them and they are all players. Onoe a year they take the field together against another eleven, and the " fixture," as may be supposed, is one of muoh local interest. 