WHAT HAS TRADES UNIONISM ACCOMPLISED? The rich are tolerated only that they may assist the poor.—Bossuet. Some of us think we see the dawning of a Christian socialism, when the strong in brain and heavy in purge shall need no goading to induce them to share their superior endowments with their weaker brethren.—L. Stanley LitUe. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—The first sentence looks like a prophecy when we reflect that a hundred years after it was uttered the rich, no longer tolerated, were removed by exile or death in the great French Revolution, and the lands they held were subdivided by Bonaparte among the progenitors of the 6,000,000 peasant proprietors of France who now occupy them, and who hold in their hands the political fate of their country. How long the dawn Mr. Little, who wrote recently, and his party expect will precede the anticipated day who can tell? At any rate Trades Unionism is ready to ply with some discretion the goad to make the surrender, even if voluntary, a little more prompt. Up to the year 1825 combination among working men to influence any advance of wages was punished as «a crime by English law. In that year Joseph Hume found the British House of Commons willing to repeal these penal restrictions on the liberty of workmen to protect themselves against the devices of capital. The following year the Tory Minister Huskisson implored the Parliament to reconsider what they had done and retrace their steps, but withont avail. The liberty gained mechanics, artisans, and factory hands set about turning to good account. Just before this time Dr. Birkbeck had given the first impulse to.Mechanics' Institutes, so that fortunately opportunity for the acquisition of the knowledge how to act as well as the power to do so was placed within reach of the working men at the same time. The history of the conflicts between employers and employed has now been extended over two generations. The results of strikes and lockouts—like the scarcely more disastrous strife of war—have shown that "the game is scarcely worth the candle." and now the threefold lines for diplomacy leading to the peaceful settlement of disputes have been inaugurated, viz., arbitration and conciliation, co-operation, and profit-sharing. But it was more than forty years after it was made lawfnl for labour to organize that it might take care of its own rights before the tillers of the soil gained any direct benefit from the measure. It is true their numbers were thinned by farm labourers going to the manufacturing towns where the drudgery was less, the wages higher, and they could escape the hated eye of the taskmasters, the squire and the big tenant-farmer. Beyond this advantage of reduced numbers the farm labourers that remained in the rural parishes toiled for a bare pittance, with the prospect of the Union workhouse, where, separated husband from wife, they might exist till death kindly released them into rest. So things remained. If ever the saying of Virgil was applicable to human kind it might be said of the farm labourers sic vos non vobis—you work but not for yourselves. At length Joseph Arch appeared on the field, and, to the dismay of the Bceotian farmers, it was found that there was enough dormant spirit left in the long-downtrodden labourers to combine like their fellow-workers in the towns had been doing so many years. But the struggle was terrinc, for the ghosts of the labourers exiled to the United States and the British colonists unwittingly united with the home-dwelliiig farm labourers to avenge themselves on their oppressors, the landlords and their lai^e-holding tenant farmers. From abroad have come wheat, and wool, and meat, the latter ficst alive and now dead, till landlords and tenant farmers are at their wits' end and England is on the eve of a great revolution, like that effected in France by Bonaparte. The land will have to be subdivided, not, it is to be hoped, by violence, as in France and in Austria, but as in Germany in 1810 by the wise councils of the rulers, who, in this country, are the people themselves. This movement is checked for the moment by the turmoil about Ireland, the troubles of which have been brought about in great part by the same insane spirit of land monopoly that is now so rampant in this colony. It is to be hoped that South Australians returning from the Exhibition (Mr. Strangwavs among them) will show that they have rightly interpreted the earthtremor that is now jeopardizing the stability of British institutions. It is just possible that some of them will not yet have discovered, what a speaker in England not long ago deplored, "That the accursed pauperism" of England is eating out the heart's core of the people. Doubtless some of these home-made victims of a clamorous kind of despair have already reached our shores, and we are in a fair way of manufacturing a good many more. It was to have been hoped that the Trades Unions in these colonies, especially when assembled in Congress, would have had some "bowels" for iheir fellow-workmen of every degree, however reduced in circumstances they might have become. Australia appears to be at least twelve or fifteen years behind Great Britain in its organization of country labour, and this is more remarkable because here we have vastly more of the supply of the raw material—land—upon which to work. This Congress, it is true, did Bomewhat anxiously enquire what shall we do with our boys, meaning, as it appears, their own children, not troublicg themselves to enquire what remedy was to be had_ for the terrible production of so many larrikins and paupers growing UD aiound us. I would say to the Trades Unions —"Your representatives in Congress have been hobnobbing and cracking compliments, but have you nothing to propose to cure this' alarming state of affairs ? Have you no spark of the nobility of that warrior who sua he would even, when away from the army, endure the roughness of campaign life till the warfare was ended ? The surplus population of our cities and towns must be brought np under healthier conditions morally and physically than at present. Working men must help working men of every grade. Any man whose eye is not blinded bv selfishness or obscured by prejudice ought "to see that to provide work for all by anv union of trades without having access to the laud is a delusion and a snare. In England, with the markets of the world open to her industry and enterprise, trades and manufactures cannot maintain all her people. With our limited markets, hewever protected from outside competition they may be, we shall soon have the craven cry learned from MalthuB, that father of eleven children preaching, "Do as I tell you and not as I do," and deploring the proper increase of the population. Trades Unions, as at present constituted, are made up of middlemen only, and have to learn that, if they would effectually help themselves, they must join in demanding that the land shall be effectually thrown open to every worker who wishes to have enough of it either for the support of his family or as a stand-by when out of work. The Scotch Crofters Bill introduced into the Parliament of this year by the Marquis of Stafford and Mr. Macpherson proposed that an authority similar to that in our Shire Councils Bill shall make loans to crofters, to be repaid in forty-nine annual instalments; and, as you remarked in the Register and Jowmal of May 15 last, " we are not merely spectators of the industrial conflicts of the world—and what is going on elsewhere may warn us against trusting to any artificial remedies as a cure for the evils that are in our midst." Henry Labouchere says—"The tiller must have his few acres, there must be fixity of tenure, and a graduated tax must be levied, dependent on the numberof acres belonging to each individual. The farmers of England are reported to have said that they do not wish to have labourers located on an allotment of land, because it makes them " too independent." But many of these selfsame farmers are now so. Impecunious that they will have to betake themselves to a few acres to till with their own hands. The testimony from many quarters in the old country is that such men contrive to hold their own while the large farmers have to give np in despair. That Trades- Unionists may have a pleasant picture to reflect upon I give a statement made by the Government United States Inspector of Jxdian reservations. Speaking of the Cherokee Indians, of whom there are 700.000—twice as many as of us unfortunate whites in Sonth Australia—he says—" There is not a pauper among them and only one lunatic; they spend one-half of their taxes in education. W herever thirteen children can be gathered together they have a competent teacher appointed. The have two Colleges, noble buildings, one for each sex." Even a Chinese Emperor could impress upon his nobles-not to take np too much land for themselves, because it was from the laud the people have to raise their food, and the 1,300,000 square miles of that empire sustain a population of some 300.000,000, or about 250 persons to the square mile. Did our friends of the Trades Union Congress never hear the song of the American countryman's wife?*— Oh ! give me the root and the Luscious fruit My own hands reared for food; And the btead so light and the honey white) And the milk so pure and good, For sweet the bread of labour is When the heart is strong and true. And blessings will come to the hearth and borne If our best we bravely do. I remember that a while ago some mfeg*ided tradesman took alarm at the Working Men's Holdings Bill because he thought it suggestive of outdoor work for his wife. 1 hope that since then no worse trouble has befallen his family than that bis wife should have to lift food to pigs or poultry, or gather fruit, or milk a cow, or make butter, or even dig a day's supply from the potato patch. The other day sitting in the Government land saleroom a fine hale working man, who was there to take a block of 19 acres, told me that his wife w a capital maker of butter, and he added, * Don't let her hear any one speak against {be homestead blocks system." But because the Trades Congress did nothing to aid their fellow working men outside of their own charmed circles it must not be supposed that they did nothing to advance the cause of the poor and the struggling. They showed the oligarchies of one grade and another that other classes than their own can combine and flourish ostentatiously the whip of political power and class distinction. The Congress pointed out to other portions of the community now weak that by uniting their scattered forces they too may become politically strong, when their rights will have a better chance of being respected. The Congress has spoken for payment of members that they may have direct representation of their own views in Parliament, This advantage cannot be confined to Trades Unions. They showed some appreciation of the doctrine that concessions must not be at all on one side, for both parties are liable to make mistakes. And another great advantage of Trades Unionism may be stated in the words of the late Lord John Russell, who said long ago of Sundayschool Committees and management— " In these institutions people learn the power of administrative ability." Thus, although for the moment they have missed a grand opportunity of benefiting themselves by speaking for the advancement of their brethren the proletariat and for the good of all parties, by urging upon the country the importance of fostering the settlement of working men on the homestead blocks, they have made a show of their power which cannot be disregarded. A word to the wise. A sneer is often an unwitting acknowledgment of want of capacity to comprehend the bearing of the subject under consideration. 1 am, Sir, &c.;, G. W. COTION. 