WAKES, ' Waking' is one of those anoient, but by_ no means laudable, Irish customs whioh still hold their ground, yet by no means to the extent nowadays that they usod to do, amongst the peasantry and poorer people of the towns, in spite of remon strances, both lay ana clerical, as union on sanitary grounds as any other, apart from the wretchedly indecorous exhibitions they involve. Some most shooking tales have been told of the outcome of these ex hibitions, specially in those days of old when ghosts aud hobgobblins, witchcraft and sorcery held sway among the masses, both in Ireland and England. A contributor to a Sydney paper has recently furbished up many ourious facts conneoted with some serious phases at wakes, both over the liv ing and dead. The most hideous wakes that took place in Ireland, the writer in ques tion savs, were those that were held over the patient in anticipation of death— namely, when a capital conviot was allow ad to be waked in prison by his friends the night before his execution. I havo seen porsons who have been present at these orgies, which the laxity of priBon discipline permitted in former days j but now they we discontinued. One of these horrid exhibitions is celebrated in the famous slang song of ' The night before Larry was stretolie'd,' the'nutborsUip of which has been variously attributed to John Philpotb Curran, Peter Burrowes, and a facetious Waterford shopkeeper, nicknamed ' Hurl foot Bill.' The gaol on those occasions was in an uproar nil night, and the unfor tunate conviotj as often as not, joined in tho ghastly revel, rising from his coffin for his share of whiskey, and mingling, as well as his fetters would allow him, in the free fight which not infrequently followed amongst his mourning friouds. The custom is noticed by the author of ' Ireland Sixty Years Ago. I cannot better con clude than with an oxtraot from tho work in question s— ' When so many petty offences were punishable with death, and commitment on suspicion was so often but the stepping stone to the gallows, it was natural that, to the unfortunate felons themselvos, an exeoution should be stripped of all the salutary terrors in whioh alone the utility of cap ital punishment consists, and should be by them regarded as an ordinary mis fortune in their coarse of life. The nume rous instances recorded of uttor levity and recklessness exhibited by convicts on the very verge of eternity clearly shows this to have been so, not merely in Ireland, but in the sister kingdom. Tho practice of pris oners selling their bodies to surgeons, to be disseotod aftor their execution, was common, wo believe, to both countries, and tho anec dote of the folon who took the money, and then told the surgeon, laughing, that 'it was a bite, for ho was to be hung in ohains' —we believo wo can hardly claim as Irish wit. But there was one trait, evincing a Bimilav careless indifference, which was peculiarly Irish. The coflins of condemned malefactors wero usually sent to them, that the sight might suggest the immediate prospect of death, and excite corresponding feelings of solemn reflections and prepara tion for the awful event. From motives of humanity, the friends of tho condemned wero also allowed free intercourse with him during tho brief space preceding his execu tion. The result was that the coffin was converted to a use widely different from that intended. It was employed as a caul table, and the condemned wretch spent his last night in this world gambling on it.' 