THE SUNKEN TREASURE,. Avery allowed himself to be conducted with a curious kind of of implicitness by his dark guide, and they soon after reached the the lantern of the lighthouse. Faithful Love-as seemed to be the African's fanciful designation--was the first to enter, Avery pausing on the threshold. There was no fire, nor even afiy fuel in the furnace to kindle one. They found an old man, muttering uninielligibly to himself, walking in a distempered manner round and round the gate. 'Ho, ho i the devil has come at last in person,. his he ?-You are welcome, Old Nick !--but you are younger than I took you to be,' said this strange old man, coming to a dead stop right before Avery's attendant. 'Has he gone fairly off, poor fellow?' murmured the latter, advancing. 'Why, David Trewavas, don't you remember your old schoolfellow, Laurence Avery?' 'It is Avery's ghost !--and come to see me in company with this black devil?' con tinued Trewavac, gazing steadfastly at them. 'We are neither ghosts nor fiends, but living men l Mr. Trewavasf' said Faithful Love. 'Ay, Ay I he wrote me word he was at New Orleans. But after that they sailed, and were never'heard of more !' 'And I have returned alone !--I have reversed your prophecy, David I' returned Avery. 'I understand who you are I' said old Tre wavas, with a strange smile. 'But who is this devil, that has such a pretty voice,' 'An agent, he tells me, of a secret 'Abolition Society, working incessantly for the emancipation of his race !' said Avery. 'This society understood, Trewavas, that I was condemned to perpetual imprisonment for having rescued a slave !--from her bon dage. They formed a plan to redeem, me, sand employed this young man, a native missionary of Madagascar, as their agent. He rescued me from worse than captivity-from despair and plans of suicide; and finally bribed my gaolers with large sums to wink at the means necessary 'for my escape-and I am here.' ' Large sums of money ! You have, then, secured the treasure ?' saidold Trewavas.. 'The treasure is still at the bottom of the sea, for anything I know to the contrary. Whence. my generous unknown friends. pro cured the bribe for my liberation I know not,' said Avery. ' Even from the treasures of Sultan Avery,' said the African. 'An earthquake raised the reef above the sea, and the first of the numerous bales of ingots riven from the keeping of the .rock were employed, through my agency, by Frederick Graham, in your re deinption.' 'Curse on the liberty, then, I have re ceived. Would I had rather perished within those noisome walls,' ejaculated Avery. ' Wherefore so ?' responded Faithful Love, falteringly. ' Did not Leppard confess to me, when he carried me to New Orleans, that the whole mutiny, even his pretence of--aiding me against Frederick, was carried iti concert with him ?' 'And Leppard led you to believe that your kinsman and .Orians, fled from the vessel in company, at Tamative, after having plundered it of your money .and valuables?' said, the African. S 'E ven so. ".' : ! - '. ,And yet, for a year and aahalf from the hour of the mlutiny, Frederick and Oriana never met.' S'A year and a halff. But they have met again, then? Anid does- Oriana still live? How know you this?' exclaimed Avery breath lessly. 'Oriana still lives;° and livesonly for you,' returned Faithful Love. ' It was'she who in reality despatched me to America on the joy ful task of your liberation; and the nieans that enabled her to provide all that was necessary for your escape were furnished by Frederick Graham from the first yield of the treasure reef.' 'Am I at last, indeed,:as Lkppard said, gone fairly mad?'. said Avery. ' Give me your hand, if you are, friend !' said old Trewavas, 'for at times, I hmni' little better myself i OnlylI:think if I could hear what had become of my s6n 'good or'bad-I shpuld be all-right again ! S'I have neither seen nor heard of your son, David,' replied Avery, with ..phinful emotion, 'since the hour of the& mutiny! And the last I saw of him was, that he leaped into the sea to escape I 'Into the sea ! the Madagascar Sea? where the sharks that maimed me thus My son,.my son, my son! A vgry,~ive me back my son i' And it seemed as if the infuriated old man was about to cast himself on his ancient friend, when the African interposed. 'Peace, peace ! - I saw your son, Laverock Trewavas, alive and well, in company with his friend, only a month or two before I departed on my commission to America ! And here on this very rock of St. Agnes, it was appointed me to bring Captain Avery to welcome back his long lost friends, and the immense wealth they have secured. 'And does he return with Oriana in his company?' exclaimed Avery. 'They will not return together, be assured,' said Faithful Love. 'Then I will cross the ocean in the merest cock-boat that ever sailed to kneel to her for forgiveness, and bring her home again I' sobbed Avery. '.Yet, if Frederick was innocent, into what hands did my wife fall? what fate has been hers ?' 'Heaven, and'her own courage, preserved your wife's honour also, Captain Avery!' said the negro. 'Leppard and his follow mutineers quarrelled for the spoil, and at length could only agree to deprive one another of it ! Oriana was sold-as a slave in .Madagascar, where----But what is the matter with the old man ?' ' Help me, help me, Avery, to male up a fire-to rekindle the furnace '- gasped old Trewavas at this moment. Oh, the -apgels have planned a terrible vengeance on me I I was weary of waiting for wealth-for my son's return; and I resolved to keep my lantern dark while this stormy weather lasted, in hopes that some ship, laden with a valuable cargo, missing the light, would mistake its way and drive upon the rocks !' 'Miserable old wretch ! what have you done ?' exclaimed Avery. ' But I hope your fears are unfounded ! Surely no vessel would approach this dangerous offing in such weather, however anxious to euter it !' As he spoke, Avery hastened out into the lantern of the lighthouse, closely followed by old Tiewavas, the negro attendant, and -the two boatmen. It was'now nightfall. The sun had. gone down in the midst of a mountainous mass of black volcanic clouds, on whose skirts the lightning heralds of* the tempest broadly displayed the ensigns of the comi, warfare. An'd lo, within the ken of those eager straining eyes, a vessel, laden almost to the level of the waves,-came ploughing her way through the deepening troughs of the sea, with her head set evidently towards St. Agnes. o A vessel, and of the very set and build of the Osprey. Avery immediately announced this fact: 'It is, it is, my gallant ship !' 'It is the treasure- laden ship of my dream i' shrieked old Trewavas. 'I see-I see-the yellow flag to the fore and the black on the main mast !' 'It i5 then indeed the Orprey !' ejaculated Faithful Love. 'Such was to be the signal to me of her arrival. The yellow flag, to signify that the treasure is all safely on board. The black, that Leppard is secured and brought home to receive his fitting punish ment. 