TURP GOSSIP. Br ACCUB. It was intended that the Victorian Club race meeting should take place at Flcmington this afternoon, but the heavy rains that fell during the week affected the track to euch an extent that it was considered advisable to call a meeting of the committee yesterday. After some consideration, it was decided that the meeting should be postponed until next Saturday. There WOB a suggestion that the meeting should! be postponed until after the Tasmania# meeting, but this would be an injustice to horeeowners, and the sooner the races are disposed of the better it will be for all parties. Had then been no change in the fixture, I should have fancied General Jackson's chance for the JBCocdle Race, but it is quite probable thai lie will leave for Launceston on Monday, in which case probably bis stable companion, Waverley, Insolvent, and Vulcan will be worthy of most respect In the Vic torian Clob Cop 22 horses are left in, Grace Darling being at the head of affairs with 9sL 2lb., and if this bril liant daughter of Tne Diver has re gained her form she will take a deal of beating. Acolyte is in rare form just now, and both he and Britisher read well enough at 8st 81b. Sea Horse is raised some pounds for his victory at Caulfield, bis weight now being 8st 71b., but I like Camerine better at ftlhi Chuckster. Don Quixote, Lord Wilton, and Velocipede, are all nicely handi capped, and the last-named has been doing some brilliant w.ork at Flemington. Stafford, Bohemian, and Claptrap all ran well in the Standish rlite,and of the three I prefer ClaPTUAP, who ! think will win, and next to him commend me to Camerine and Laving ton. For the Two-year-old Stakes I like Mainsail and St Paul. The Selling Race may go to The Ace, the Steeplechase to Lady Ashton or Wymlefc, and Islander, A1 lander, and Albanus may fight it out for places iu the January Handicap. That breeding thoroughbred stock doesn't pay in Victoria fias been proved, and when i see the Maribyrnong paddocks being cut up into building allotments, and Bundoora-parfc offered foraole lor a similar purpose, one begins to wonder when Glenornuslon and Bryan O'Lynn will lw divided and brought under the tmtamer. Lindenow, whence have come 6o tnitny good horses, is to be sold by auction, and I notice also that Pakcnhaw park, where Scan Mag, Pollio, and other good animals were raised, is to be subdivided and Bold in farms on Thursday, the 21st of January. " All's well that endB well," and the storm which threatened to create a scandal among the sporting men of Sydney having blown over. I suppose matters will go on har monlously tuttU 60Q& other owner fancies himself aggrieVed, and explodes. Mr. Gannon waaln lbs wrong when he attacked Mr. Long, bat he seems to have used the language ia a Pickwickian or Parliamentary sense, and having withdrawn bis charges the club could not do more than censure him, for,'whatever may be said to the contrary, Mr. Gannon has been - a very useful official of the A.J.C., and whoever his successor may be he will find starting on the Rand wick racecourse no sinecure. The com mittee of the A.J.C. met on Friday, the 1st of January, to consider the formal com plaint made by Mr. W. A. Long against Mr. Win. Gannon of incomi>etency as starter to the club, and bf his having made use of abusive language to him (Mr. Long) in the saddling paddock. The committee resolved that the start complained of was not in thpir opinion a good one, but they considered Mr. Gannon should not be condemned ior one bad start, and held that he still possessed the confidence of the committee as starter. Mr. Gannon stated that he never intended to impute any dishonourable conduct to Mr. Long, and also added'that if, as was alleged, he had charged bim with bribery, he (Mr. Gannon) unreservedly withdrew any such charge. Mr. Long having withdrawn his complaint against Mr. Gannon, it was con sidered by the committee that Mr. Gannon, being ah official of the dab, he should be censured for bis indiscretion in having used the language complained of. A numerous party assembled at Hoonee Valley on Saturday, and everything went merrily if I except the accident to Governor, which necessitated the horse's destruction. There were several surprises, none more genuine than those of Umbra and Ma von r neen. The former won the Ascotvale Han dicap so easily that it is difficult to understand why she was not backed to win a good Btake. Stafford's running did not give entire satis faction, and as there was an outcry from the ring the stewards called in the owner and rider for explanation. Mr. J. D. Robertson has since written to The Argus, and ex plained that he backed the horse to lose £50, but he does not appear to have considered it a " good thing," and as he didn't plank down the money in hundreds I suppose the metal licians believed the horse was out for a con stitutional only. Moore, I believe, when he discovered that it would be useless to pursue Umbra, ceased to persevere, and nobody could blame him for doing so if he found he hadn't the ghost of a chance, but I may tell him that his riding on several occasions of late has not been considered quite the correct thing, and be will have to look out for "squalls." There were several casualties at the V.R.C. meeting, but fortunately the jockeys escaped without receiving anything like serious injury. The Hon. William Pearson's mare Gasalier would have made a good brood mare could she have been saved, but the leg was fractured too "badly to leave any hope, and she had to be destroyed. In the Steeplechase Lizette injured one of her hind legs so severely that it is believed the bone has Buffered, and Uncas, who fell in the Standish Plate, was knocked about a good deaL When the last mail left Calcaita the Indian sportsmen were preparing for the great race meeting of the year. The betting on the Viceroy's Cup was 2 to 1 against Statesman, 4 to 1 ltingwood, 8 to 1 Sting, and 20 to 1 each Nulquine and First Water. The year 1886 promises to be a year of coin cidences. At the V.R.C. meetijig the Hurdle Race, Bagot Plate, and Steeplechase were each won by No. 2 on the cara-in fact, in the Hurdle Race and Bagot Plate the placed horses ranged identically the same. I am glad to hear that Tom Brown had so far recovered from his illness as to be able to visit the Randwiclc course on Boxing Day. } Mr. 12. PI Jones complains that welciiers were using the cards of Miller and O'Brien at the late A. J.C. meeting. Notwithstanding the richness of the prizes dispensed by the Victoria Racing C/ub on New Year's Day, there was but little interest evinced in the various contests. Duration was the hero of the occasion, and it was a matter for regret that Mr. Barnard hadn't been a little more lenient to the horse when he was the property of Mr. Arthur Blackwood, for men of his kind should be encouraged on the turf. When he ran for him in the Standish Plate last year he was handicapped at8st 31b., and as he was then only four years old, and failed to run well, he con sidered that hia subsequent handicapping was not just, and in a fit of disgust he sold the horse for the moderate sum of 150 guineas. Since he went into Cripps's hands he has done nothing but win, or run up well, and when a year older and better seasoned he was handicapped at 7st 61b. and 6st lllb. respectively. I Naturally enough Mr. Blackwood was terribly disgusted, pnd I think be had good cause to be, especially when he saw the horse win the double on the first day of the year. There is no reason why Duration should not be a race horse of the very highest class, for he is bred and shaped like one He was bred by Messrs. Wilson and Dougharty, and is by the im ported horse Hughenden from the imported mare Hinnomungie, by BVinkhoolie from Patchwork, by Young Melbourne, and as he is likely to improve with age it is quite within the bounds of probability for him to still further distinguish himself. Chuckster performed like a good horse in both races, but Mr. Wallace's ran of ill-luck has not yet spun itself out Gardenia surprised every body by the position she occupied in the Standish Plate, but I fancy that behind the first half-dozen there were two or three who were mere lookera-on, though under any cir cumstances it would have been impossible for them to reverse the verdict Maddelina's superiority over the other two year olds was manifested in a style which astonished even her most sanguine admirers, some of whom took alarm when they saw her performing a series of gyrations at the post She has thickened and muscled up since the spring, and I shall not be at all surprised if she should stretch the neck of Acme, Philip Augustus, and Co. In the autumn. Dividend, who had previously shown lair form by winning the Juvenile Stakes at Caulfield, couldn't ask her to gallop, and, as he and The Nun ate almost upon au equality, it was fortunate for Mr. Robertson thftt his filly was not engaged in the Nortnftpby Stakes, f orshe would have gone downbefotetheflyingdaughter of Neckeragat, and,havingbut a moderate lot to deal with in the Criterion Stakes, she improved upon her Moonee Valley form, which was certainly not correct, and won easily. The jumping races were won by two wry fine horses, In solvent and Mernder. The former, who is by liing Cole from Handy Andy's sister, is more of the Panic than the King Cole type, and Mernder is the biggest thoroughbred horse we have ever seen, standing uo less than 17 hands Bin. I was under the impres sion that Mernder required a little more time to mature ere he could successfully get over the stiff Flemington country, but be fenced in graud style, and those who imagined that Native would nave won had ue not fallen at Caulfield must have been satisfied that the best horse won the V. A.T.G. event Should all go well with Mr. Miller's grand-looking son of Kins Tom he will probably rival the doings o! Lone Hand, whose lost victory in Victoria was accomplished under the welter weight of 13st 61b. Mt. MlHer has acted wisely 4a. Muling Mernder "a dam to King Took this 8<jwou> and the numerous successes of the sons of this horse mast uuvke hi< former owner regret that the South Aus tralian sire ever left the Bacchus Marsh pad docks. Sheet Anchor disappointed his friends in the Standish Plate, but he proved his excellence in the Bagot Plata The perform ance, however, must not be ranked too high, iot Reginald was not nearly so fit as when he beat Commotion, and First Prince up to the present tame has proved a very indifferent performer. Loud indeed were the complaints respecting the victualling department at tferaiogton on New Tear's Day. I didn't patronise the luncheon myself, preferring the succulent oyster in the paddock to the turkey in expec tation under the stand, but many of those who did try Mr. Straker's bill of fare poured out their woes to me, and declared there was a great deal of hill bnt very little fare. The waiting, too, was of the most dilatory description, and altogether the luncheon was not what one might expect at Flemington on a comparatively quiet day. There was a time when the caterer gave pretty general satis faction, though it must be admitted that no man can provide for the immense attendance on Gup Day, but upon other occasions there was little cause for grumbling. Then the caterer paid only a nominal sum for the right of providing refreshments, but since then the members of committee have insisted upon letting the department to the highest bidder, and as Air. Straker pays the club some hun dreds of poundB per annum be is, of course, compelled in his own interests-i.e., to make both enda meet-to take that sum out of the members and others who patronise him. The result, therefore, is unsatisfactory, and will always remain so under the present system. From other sources came some grumbling-this time from the fair sex, who complained that while the lawn looked re splendent in in its verdant carpet of clover and other English grasses, it was very uneven, and not at all pleasant to walk upon. The secretary, whose mnltitudinous duties must keep his nose continually to the grindstone, should follow Mr. Bond's example, and lay down the promenade with couch grass, which makes a much more even surface than any other grass, and its elastic nature always renders it pleasant to walk upon. The ladies say, too, that they don't require any more flower beds-Mr. Moore is great on horti culture-because they cnrtail the promenad ing ground, and while they doubtless add to the beauty of the surroundings it will be as well to confine them to the plots near the eastern fence. More than two years ago it was suggested in these columns that the lawn in front of the stand should be carried out to the fence, and I believe that this and other improvements will be proceeded with after the autumn meeting, but there does not appear to be anything definite respecting a new stand, and I'm afraid that members will have to look in vain for an edifice of their own at the next spring meeting. Sydney Tattersall's had a very merry meet ing at Randwick on the first and second days of the new year, and the new Governor, Lord Canington, at this and the Boxing Day gathering of the A.J.C., had excellent oppor tunities of judging the character of Aus tralian racing. It was, perhaps, an unfor tunate circumstance that Tempe had so bamboozled Mr. Scarr that after winning the Summer Cup she should have been regarded as a certainty for Tattersall's Cup, for in con sequence of the lenient manner in which Tempe had been treated the longer event was reduced to a moral after she won the Summer Cup, and the great event of New Year's Day was deprived of all its interest. Remember ing how indifferently Tempe performed at Flemington. where she ran actually last in the Veteran Stakes, the New South Wales handicapper can scarcely be blamed for letting the daughter of Somnus off so lightly. A more extraordinary reversal of form has seldom been witnessed, and had Tempe been the occupant of some less distinguished stable it would have been regarded as some what suspicious ; bnt horses do improve and retrograde in a most unaccountable manner. Mr. White's filly must have been in wonder ful form, seeing that she won the Summer Cup and Tattersall's Cup, and got second for the Carrington Stakes. Had she won the last-named Mr. Scarr's enp of bitterness would have been full to the brim, but Ben Bolt, who also looked a pretty good thing, came to the rescue, and the bookmaker triumphed over the leader of the New South Wales turf. Mr. Oxenham deserves a slice of Fortune's favours, for he is one of the pluckiest men in the ring, and, though a little too impetuous occasionally, he backs his horses in a most spirited manner, though rumour hath it that he did not profit to any great extent by Ben Bolt's victory. The run ning of Off Colour in Tattersall's Cup must have been a disappointment to his friends, who imagined they had a good thing, but he cut a most inglorious figure, and seems to have lost all form. Mr. Halinbourg lost a good horse in St Lawrence, whose prospects were regarded with considerable favour by his owner, and our other representative, Metal, failed to get near the front, nor did Ringmaster distinguish himself. Philip Augustus couldn't stall off CheBh&m; at a dif ference of 71b., and I've an idea that we Bhall Bee the latter improve into one of the very best colts of the season. Messrs. Lee must have a really good hurdleracer in Caloola, who lately won both of his races like a workman, and I hope his owners will give him a chance of distinguish ing himself on this side of the Murray. He hadn't much to beat at Randwick, but, though he is not perhaps equal to The Agent, he is a long way above the ordinary run of hurdleracers, and worthy of a trial at Flemington. The Messrs. Cooper haven't had much luck since their colours were firsfhoisted at Rand wick, but they have a couple of good colls in Chesham and Blairgowrie, and the better of the pair will next season be quite a match for tfoe best of the wearers of the blue and white banner. Kingsgrove is more than a useful colt, but not, perhaps, quite equal to,the task of overthrowing the cracks in the autumn. The winnings of the Hon. James White for die present season are fast approaching £10,000, and should his team retain their form in the autumn the statistics will show the Kirkham studmaster a long way at the head of winners. Mcrnder, Studley, Leo, and Wymlet have made a name for King Tom as a sire of steeplechasers. I'm clad to hear that Mr. James Paterson intends to annually add to the list a number of the sons of King Tom, many of whom in years to come will be found in the first flight across country. Being great loose- framed youngsters, the descendants of King Tom require time to mature, and, though they may not ripen so early as others, judicious treatment will enable them to make their mark at four and five years old. . t rhe following, which is by the English sporting writer, Pegasus," will show hew carelessly English racing authorities fix their distances"The Erigtjbonrace track u generally believed to be 'very easy,' a notion that is engendered by the alternately gradual and steep descent into the * basin below the stand enclosure, t have, however, ipeasured the distances, and find that the five furlongs post is fully 1,900 yards from the winnmg Dostt and whereas the distance between the five and six furlong post is less than 150 the sixth and seventh are om _ 230 J3T? apart, and the seventh and eighth over s-W yards. It seems as it the management at Brighton might do worse than emplov a sur veyor to put things straight for them. If any evidence were required to prove the popularity of the Newmarket Handicap it is to be found in the list of entries received on Monday last No less than 123 horses have been nominated, and many of thosewbo sub scribe to the stake contend that it is aigh time the V.R-C. raised the added money to 500 so vs. The colonies of Victors, Hew South Wales, South Australia, >ew Zealand, and Tasmania are all represented, and nearly *11 the brilliant horaes of Australia are to be foand in the list As the Australian Cop is ran over a much longer distance the entry is a deal smaller, the total nominated bans 57 which is very respectable, and included are Malua, Sheet Anchor. Reginald, Grace Darling, Nordenfeldt, Welcome Jack, Sardiua, Winchester, and other good animals. The Oakleigh and Hawksborn Handicaps of the V.A.T.G. have also filled weii, there being 7S in the former and 55 in the iottatr This should be eminently satisfactory to Mr. Bond, who regards the innovation of a February meeting as one of the best moves ever made by his club. The Launceston meeting commences on ?Thursdav next, and the chief events will be interesting, because several horses. engaged in the Newmarket Handicap and Austi&Lun; Cup are litely to contest them. Mr. Monatfaan ha£ with the exception of ^ \\_nc»8' succeeded in framing an excellent handt cao for the La un ess ton Cup, and wioagto ne hZ placed Duration at the bead of afiaus with 9st 71b., the Moooee Poods tamer intends to take the son of Hnsbenden across the Straits, and I believe he aiU ¥*; c m Wilson s coloora. hotwithstanding his weight, I don't know anything among: the Victorian di^on likely to lower his flag, for with the weights on a heavy scale they are bound to suit so powerful a horse, and "V elocipede should also be well op to the weight allotted him. but Lnc» don t read j well at 8st- 91b. Hoban is only a moderate ] animal, but Kohai is about the best ot the . Tastnanian lot, and may have a show at 8st. 3!b- > Recall is the Ballarat colt that won the V A.T C. Maiden Plate, bnt it is doubtful u he is 'as good as Meteor at level weights. Granville is fairly in at 7st 121b., at J N ver mine. who has been Bojonmng at Brighton, has the same weight, but \u>ion read1i much more like a winner at (St. .lb. The Knave, too. strikes me as having a rare chance of appropriating the stake, be 7at 51b. Astronomer has been in Batty s hands for some time, but he has performed Tery indifferently in Victoria, though in the comoanr in the Lannceston Cop he might be more at home ®*,,arat i?f' j~ L in Tothiil s stable, and he mar cross the Straits. The Hon. Thomas Ileibey s repre sentative, Hawthorn, has a nice racing weight in Tst. 41b., and Clarendon's owner can hardly complain of a similar weight Of the others, the best known to fame is the ancient Vmbus, but his owner has scratched him ud I fancy The Knav*. DCBA noir and Visiox will fight it out for nlaoea. For the Visitors' Gift I like nothing Setter^than St. Albert and Tichborne. The Mowbray Hurdle Race may go to ueneral Jackson or Townley ; and the Steeplechase to Bob Cooper or Beresford. Mr Scarr has issued the weights for the Anniversary Handicap, to be run at the Sydney Turf Clnb meeting and he has taken such eood care of the A ictorian lot that I doubt if any of them will grace Randwick with their nresence, unless Merman's owner should con sider it worth his while to cross the border. Tom Brown baa been awarded the top weight, but with Merlin in at 8st 81b., the former doesn't appear to be very leniently treated. Tempe has been raised to 8st 61b. for her victories in the A.J.C. Summer Cup andTatfcer&all;'a Cup; but her stable com panion, Despot, has onlyTst 71b., and if this erey deceiver will only try the blue and white mar nrove triumphant in another big race. He strikes me as one of the beat things in the list I like Wanda, too, at 7*t. 41b., and Borrilda 7st 21b., Highland Mary 7at, Eapiegle 6st 111b., Bonnie Bee G»t. 9lb. , LenMi 6st 71b., and Recruit fet, 71b. al read welL From one of these I think the winner will come. The following uave been nominated for the Queensland Turf Clnb Sires' Produce Stakes of 1889: Fenman, Westminster, Melbourne, Wheatmeal, Newbold, Euclid, Darebin, Vespasian, Lord Lisgar, Monmouth, Cheviot, last week from an attack of inflammation of tbfi>°ffa8'Connolly scratched Marquis of Waterfordforthe Victorian Club Steeplechase' directly he saw the weights. A jockey named Donnelly had one of his | tWiiB broken while riding at TocnnawaL Tte Ausiland Stud Company's yearlings weredispoeed of on Monday, and 32 were aold. the highest price being paid few Norden feldt's brother. the ^UbyltoketfromOnyx. whowaa-piitdiasedtf W. Robinson fat 850 Eiuneas. The next highest pnee was riven for the colt by Musket from Rosetta, who realised 475 guineas. A sister to Martini-Henry was passed in at 600 guineas. At the Brighton (Tastnanian) Races, on New Year's Day. Mr. a S. Agnew was in good form, for he opened the year by winning the Bace with the veteran W est Coast; and he was successful in the Brighton Plate with wild Wave, by St Albans from a Peter Wjlkins mace. This mace last season had a fogi to Commotion's brother, Albert, and was then pot into training again. For this race Kohai started first favourite, buthe had shoes on. and on » bad last The stewards eonvdered bis nroning stwpicMWs, alM an explanation from ha owner, faster, and jockey. After heating it flay cameto^condosicmth^^eboraeBpwform ance was very onsatarfactorf, but they didnot MMidertberewassnfficientendencetojwriaff .tun, in Aisanalifying bun and his party. feW.JfiuSweatotia^r^ Albans from The West, won the All-aged Stakes: Me. J. on die same day, Date M AWOI, or os. AiKaw from Pussy, wca the New Yew's Gift» and Vision, by St Albwt f gig* th. Firing Handicap. It is reallywon derfnl bow these descendantsoiBt Albans confione wtoniat Mr. S. M. Wilson *M mo^sfnl In tto Two-year-old StakesmUi pS- SPaMS!"**4 Jft ^Thetitentionof np-coonto racing men isdi ?n being the Connra \tlan. -Tltoe is also included a Krn" ,0^. andnomina ' % received by gnii. up to 4 Ireederi will t of the Foal are also * misnomer, and the title should ^ ftUcred. These stakes are all for t wo ye*u olds, and j entries ciose on Tuesday, Iwarcn ii The Berwick races came off J»» .J* Year's Day- There was a good from the Trroundin\d^'c4uP«^ which event on the card was the HimiieFa«- whicn | was won by Canute (list \ ^eerond The ! ^.^sssKn^'sssss lahsrt ffiss^srss ?dDiSs^«sfifi?nft who Hector (Ute Chance), by a length. \ trotting race concluded the procramniCL l Should Uke to know what Lubra .t waa tha SEEA' ss£ ^hfJmieioo with tb®,E^0^tgfc^af^i. ine I have been requeued to ^te t^at " cnreion tickets will be. issued from; Mel bourne snd all other stations on the line to Echuca from the 19th, rertraable up to the 2lst The Deniliqnm and Moaina rau war authorities have asrreed to do likewise. The Sale Turf Club on Wednesday adopted the following programme for a meeting tc»be * held on February li and IS -.-Maiden riate, of 1 sov. each, with 30 sovs. added, one mile I £d « qnsSer: Junior Stakes, of 1 »v with ' 20 so vs. added, fire furlongs; Sale Handicap, j of S eovs. each, with 60 B°vs. added : Becond, 10 sovs.. one mile and a half, u&nd;'2P. ! Hurdle Race, of £110s., . ! second, 5 sovs., two miles : All-aged Stek«. j of 1 eov., with 20 sots, added, one mile t Seliinc Hurdle Race, of 1 sov., with 20 sovs. : added,onemileandab^f|Pnbh»ns l i 2 sovs., with 40 BO vs. added; second, 10 sovs.. ! one mile; Dispoe&l; Stakes, of 1 sov- each, ! with 2d sovs. added, seven jurloops; i -*»»- of 42 Ids. each, with 50 sovs. added , i second, 10 sovs., two miles anda^iaK; l^mp i bell Plate, oi 2 sovs. each, with 50sovs. added, second, 10 sovs., six furlongs. >ommat»ons I close on the 25th January, and the weights I will appear on February 2 ; general entry on I February 1L _ ,, , tn t The Hon. William Pearson has added to j hie Kilmany-park Stcd two of the beat-bred 1 mares ever imported to Australia. On Mon i day Messrs. V. C. Ynille and Co. submitted i to suction the two recently-imported Maca roni mares, but only one °f wa6.80,d' Mr. J. Cripps purchasing it for 225 guineas. Since then Mr. Pearson has given him an ad ! ranee upon the price he paid for her, and I Messrs. Ynille and Ca have also sold the other mare to him. I'm very that tteK mares have been bought by a \ ictonan stud master, for we are somewhat deficient in English mares. especially those descending from Macaroni, whose Wood has proved so successful in the old country of late, ibey should hit nicely to either Commotion or A 'trotting match for £50 aside between Mr. A. Saqui's Dagworth and Mr. G. Mayger s Biddy Moriarty took place at Elsternwick perkon Wednesday afternoon. Each horse was ridden by its owner, and Mr. Mayger won easily by 80 yards. The track was ray heavy, and the time occupied in trotting the two miles was 6m. 29a. The Kosehill Racing Club programme appears this week. The meeting takes place on Saturday, January 23, and there are five items to be disposed of. viz., Hurdle Rsce, of 100 sovs.; Flying Handicap, of 85 sovs.; Two year-old Handicap, of 100 sovs.; Selling Race, of 100 sovs.; and Cumberland Handicap, ol 140 sovs. Entries close with the secretary, Mr. G. W. S. Rowe, at 4 p.m. on Monday next, January 11, and entries will also be re ceived at the V. K. C. office. The entry fee for eadi event is a sovereign only. T , At the Longford Races, held in Gipps Land, Tant&liser; came in first for the Hurdle Kace, but was disqualified for not keeping thecouree, his rider going from hurdle to hurdle. The jockey only followed the custom adopted on Victorian grounds, when the coprse is not marked out with flags, and I would point out that even on the V. R.C. course the horses go from hurdle to hurdle. I believe Mr. Hice, the owner of Tantaliser, has appealed to the i V K.C. At a meeting ol the St Arnaud Turf Club I Mr. George Vowles was appointed handi capper for the meeting whioi takes place on the 18th February. Entries for the Creswick Turf Club handi caps close with the secretary, Mr. Edward Boyce, at 6 o'clock this (Saturday) evening. Entries for the Elsternwick-park meeting close at Mr. Hay don'a office, 100 Bourke steeet west, at 4 p.m. on Monday next, January 1L The programme includes a Maiden Trot of 40 sovs.. Hurdle Race of 50 sovs., Half-mile Handicap of 50 sovs.. Two year-old Selling Race of 50 SOVB., Steeple chase of 100 sovs., Selling Race of 50 sovs., and Elsternwick-park Handicap of 75 sovs. Some of the \ictoriaa» who have horses engaged in the Tasmanian Turf Clpb events, and are not quite satisfied with the weights allotted them, hare been blaming Mr. Bond for what they consider harsh treatment The handicaps were framed by Mr. Monaghan, who has done very well, except, perhaps, in the case of Uncas, who has teveral pounds too tnwh. Hie annual race meeting of the Buninyong Turf Club took place on Wednesday, 30th December, at the Buninyong Borough-park, and, favoured by grand weather, large fields, and good racing, was a great success, the at tendance being between 3,000 and 4,000 persons, and no doubt tbe financial result to the dub will be satisfactory. Proceedings commenced with the Trial Stakes, for which 10 started, and which, after a good race, was won by Sultan by a head, Pretender second, Scamp third. The next event was the Borough Handicap. Tbe winner turned op in Gazelle, who carried top weight ana beat five other*. The third race was the Handicap Hurdle which proved the event of the day, as the Jumps were taken I splendidly. All were in it coining into tbe straight the last round, and there was a .very exciting finish, Sultan winning ty a abort ball neck, Podus Okas second, Starfish third. Conductor and Idea also started. Only four came to the poet for tbe Selling Flat Raoe. Mary Blane came in first, but the owner of Jack lodged* protest for josUinjg. The stewards, after- taking evidence, dis qualified Man Plane, and »ve the race to Jack. Cassidy, the rider of Mary Blane, was also disqualified for a week. The Trot brought the largest field of tbe day 20 entries, and was won rather easily by Hindoo, who started 400 yards behind scratch. This closed a verr enjoyable day's sport A meeting of tbe committee of The Tas manian Racing Club was held at tbe dub rooms on Tuesday, December 29, tbe presi dent (Hon. John Lord) in the chair. Seven new members were elected. Tbe following officials were appointed to carry out their several duties at the ensuingsutnmer meeting -Starter, Mr. W. A. Guesdon, M.ILA.; clerk of scales. Mr. J. W. Palmer; handi cappers, Mr A. P. Miller and Dr. O. H. Butter. It was decided (says the Tamaman Mail) not to allow any games of chance at El wick during the three days fixed for hold ing tbe meet Arrangement* were left in the hon. secretary's hands for securing a band to play on tbe lawn at the coming races. Hie toll committee being present, opportunity was taken to express regret at the removal by death of their esteemed clerk ot the scales, Mr. Walter Graham, who«e valuuole services to the T.RC., and racing generally, were warmly eulogised. . . .Country people will not have cause to regret their attendant at Elwick on the score of being "lleeced by spielera, as the executive of toe T.R.C. nave determined to put their foot on the blackleg fraternity, and allow no frames of their call ing to be panned on the coarse. Patrons will speculate in some war of other how ever, and to meet the wants of those who do not, as a rule, accept the odds of bookmakers a totalisator upon the most improved prin ciple will be at their command. l'he Hawkesbury Stakes and Hawkesbury .Autumn Handicap have filled well, there being 69 in the former and GO in the latter. The list includes several Victorian nominations. At the Perth (W.A.) races the New South Wales bred colt Tremando won the Queen's Plate, Barley Bree, who formerly occupied a place in Mr. Redfearn's stable, being second. Mr. M. Whitty left for Tasmania in the Pateena on Thursday, and took with him Gasburner and Martyr; J. Cripps was also a passenger, and was accompanied by Duration, Derision, Monatteh, and another. Astrono mer, Townley Silvermine, General Jackson, and others will also visit the island. When Mr. Halinbourg commenced racing he had a continued run of good luck, but it has lately taken a turn, and after losing the services of The Broker through an accidentl St Lawrence died. I believe the son ot Glorious was suffering from a diseased spleen and heart In consequence of the intense heat on Monday and Tuesday, the men engaged on the improvements at CaulQeld were com pelled to desist from work, and as heavy rain has continued eince, a whole week has been lost The Broker rraa sold in Sydney for the | small sum of £70, and the son of Goldabrou^h will go to the 6tud. As the Geelong weights have to appear on Monday, Mr. Bond will not have the benefit of seeing the Victorian Club contests ere he publishes his handiwork. J. Scobie brought Insolvent from Bat lawt yesterday, and M "Gowan came down with First Mate. A. Ferguson also was in town, but they all returned to Ballarat when they discovered that the Victoria Club liacea had been postponed. By an error Bob Cooper's weight in the Tasm&nian; Turf Club Steeplechase was tele graphed as lOst Sib. instead of list 81b. During the New Year festivities in Sydney Mr. John Thompson gave a picnic to Mr. Robert Uowett A small steamer was chartered, and the beauties of "our harbour" were thoroughly enjoyed by our English visitor and his companions. Mr. L El worthy, the manager of the Mor phetville stud, has been on a visit to Mel bourne for the good of his health, lie returns to Adelaide to-day, and I am glad to My much improved by the trip. The general entries and acceptances for the Smeaton Meeting are due on Monday next, Januaiy IL Entries for the Echuca ILindicap, &c;, close on Monday next, January 1L SoFATcnrvo?. -Victorian C3ub.-Ilardle lUcc-Tat tler, Oculist, Waiter, Veroet, F»!oou, The Pyrenees, Gas&lier;, The A pent, Agitation, Koolyle, ilisee. G rattan, Ouiadhaun. Victorian (Sub Cup-Uncac. The Pencil, St. John, Norfolk. Two-year-old Stale* -Melpouicne. Selling Ilace-Meander. Steepleciiasr -Marquis of Watcrford, Mernder, Governor. Nar rung, Morvcu. January Uaadicap-Mooutlic^, Lando Vasoosa. 