A TALK OF A TAILOR. A BHIHE FOB BOYS. 'Twaa Christmas Eve, and to the " Golden Crown" Had many a village crony wandered down, Alleging, as an all-sufficient reason. To give his friends "the wishes of the season!" So for this merry purpose, fast and free Flowed whisky, beer, gin, rum, and eau-devie ; (Or, as to him the English came more handy, The landlord called the latter "fine old brandy!") While, ever on the move, the swinging door Opened and shut to usher in one more. Then some sang songs, and in that jovial round. Good listeners, if not able critics, found: And *' Bray vo, John!" " WeU sung, Tom!" was the cry That echoed from each side moBt lustily. Some told old jokes, at which the jolly shout That all those lusty country lungs threw out Jingled the glasses, and the table shook, - While every ham hung quiv'ring on its hook, And herbal bouquets, pendent from eacn rafter,. Danced up and down as if with secret laughter. As the hours passed and older grew the night Came tales of ghost and goblin, elf and sprite, Puds, pixie, gnome, witch, wizard, ana the rest, -Which, had each auditor the fact confessed, Sent a cold shiver down the backs of all And made them start at shadows on the wall; While every; man, as if by one desire, Drew his chair closer to the roaring fire. Nathaniel Brown, the little village tailor, At superstition was an active railer. "I'll bet fire bob to nothing," cried this -scoffer, "I think you'll all agree that's a fair offer- Not one now present ever saw a ghost f' Then every one, both customers and hoBt. \- With one accord, Immediately replied, That thongh f/iey.fiever had, they testified To some:relation—father, uncle, mother. Grandmother, aunt, a sister or a brother, .A great-grandfather/or a distant cousin— Who'd seen a ghost—and some of them a dozen! Perhaps this evidence was all too strong, For Nat was trembling like a leaf ere long,_ As the clock's hands moved on more timid grew And o'er his shonlder sidelong glances threw, While all the rest, with nod and wink aside, Did both his brag and want of pluck deride— For 'twas well known, whenever danger lowered Nathaniel fled! (He was an awfrd coward!) As night drew on the guests began to go, And poor Nathaniel, with a sorry show Of cool indifference, asked, looking round. If any of his friends were his way bound. It seemed none were, but, waiting till the last, Nat to each hope of company clun&faftt.; He chatted with thehoat till all were gone, Then, inly quaking, saUied forth-aU»a& Alone! And when behind him clanged tbe door. i He'd never felt so much alone before i- vAnd here I'll whisper, Nat, as I opine, . Was somewhat 'neath the influence of wiae^. But in his ears those horrid tales tooultL ring To his distraction—while, behind his back, Goblins and ghosts seemed-^following. in- a p ack! Faster and- faster o'er tbe glistening snow He caused his trembling bandy legs to go. Till all at once he stopped ip mid- career, Frozen as hard as stone by- very fear— For in his path so dire a spectre stood As curdled all the little tailorte-blood !- His hair, which stood on- end with fear and' dread, lifted his hat two inches from his head i His very eyebrows stiffened, and his «yes Grew at least twenty times their natural size! In truth, it was a very awful sight V There stood a ghastly figure clad in. white, With coal- black eyes, and nose of bright-red hue, And a fereat mouth quit&Jbig; enough for two. Gigantic form, extended arm, and hand Gntstretched, as if in action of command!: What wonder when Nat • Brown this vision saw He just gave vent to one loudcrj, " Ob,..law! The Ghost! The Ghost!" when all wliizzed round and round, And Nat fell fainting on the scowy ground! How long he lay Nathaniel neser knew,, _ While the cola wiads of winter c&r; hua. blew, Bnt he was rouBed by hearing some one cry„ Come, now, get ap! This is no place co lie ! JuBt pull yourself together, my good-man, " - ^ trot off home as quicklgr as yoiiean! at! Yen, Nalt Brown? Whatever bnagp you here?" .... And Nat, still ftremblins, told las causa of The Ghost! Ah, tiere, bahind you!" "Why, yea flat! , , . , t , Is that the desadfid thing you're frightened at? ^ , Hie boys set up a fins snow man torday-, And left it standing when they went away. That's all f 'Twaa true enough! In calm repose ^, The snow-man stood, a carcat for tuanoae (Which THNB possessed a calour warmly-red), A bunch of holly stickina in his head, _ Two coals for eyes, a piece of broken brick Made that great moukh, with hps so wide and thick* A piece of wood served for the outs etched arm, And here was all the cause of Nat's alarm! Now, boys! To find the moral ere we part— "The.loudest boaster bears the faintest heart," LINDSAY DCXCAN. 