■FXkNfc BUCKLAND AKD THE ' COBRA BITE. ' j (Live or Frank BucstAXti.) The following is nu account novv the great naturalist was oft vmo occasion bitten by a cobra, and lost his life. TlVc incident vxvucrv-A at the Zoological London, u 1 once had paihtiil experience,''' says Mr. Frank Bm-'ckftd, "of the awful effects of snap's poison. 1 have received a dosa vif the cobra's poison into my system* liifckily a minute dose, or 1 should Pet iiave survived it. The accident happened in a curioQs way. I was poisoned by the snake, but not fcittoli by him ; 1 got the poison secondhand. Anxious to witness the eit'ects of the poison of the cobra upon a rat, J took up a couple in a bag alive to a certain cobra, I took one rat out of the bag and put him into the cage with the snake, The cobra was coiled up among the stones in the centre of the cage 5 apparently asleep. When he h^ard the noise of the rat falling into the cage, he just looked up arid put out his tongue, hiss ing at the sanw. time. The rat got into a corner And began washing himself, keeping bile eye on the snake. Presently lie ran across the snake's body, and in an instant tho latter assumed his fighting attitude. As the rat passed tho enakc made a dart, but, mirs ing his aim, hit his nose a pretty Hard blow against the side of the csUe. This accident seemed tp artier him, for he spread out his crest, and waved it to and fro in the beauti ful manner peculiar to his kiud. The rat became alarmed, and ran near him again. Again the cobra made a dart and hit him, but did not, I think, inject any poison into him, tho rat, being so very Active j at least 110 symptoms of (poisoning were shown, The bite, nevertheless; dnhiscd the ire of the rat, for he gftthenid himself up for a spring, and, rrteriuring his distance, sprang right 011 to the neck of the cobra, who was wpHrt'g Aoout in front of him. This phiflsky rat, determined to die hard,. gAVi the cobra two or three severe biles in the neck ; the snake keeping Tvis body erect all the time, and endeavouring to turn his head round to : bite the rat, who was clinging on, like the old man in " SinbAd the Sailor." Soou, howere^, ttia cobra changed his tactic?, lured, possibly, with sustaining this freight of the rat, he lowered his head, and tho rat finding himself again 011 icrra finna, tried to run away ; not so, for the snake, collecting all his force, brought down his erected poison fangs, making his head felt by its; weight in giving vigour to tho blow, right oil the bedy wt- the rat. This poor boast now to know that the fiaht was over-, -Artd t\iat he was conquered. He retired to a corner of the cage, and began panting violently, endeavouring at tho came time to steady his failing strength With his feet. His eyes were widely dilated, and his mouth open as if gasping tor breath. The cobra stood erect over him, hissing And put ting out his tongue-, as if conscious Victory. Ill about thre-e lAitifttes t'tts rat fell quietly 011 its side and expired. The cobra then moved oif and tiiok no further notice of his dofarmfc Gfl'emy. About ten minutes afttfnvAVuii, the fat was hooked out oi" 'th'c Sane for 1110 to examine. No *j)idernal wound Could I see anywh^W, so 1 took out my knifo and began taking the skin off the rat. I soon disonv eVed twq very minute punctures, like small needle holes, in the side uf the rat whfij-e tahgs of the snake had enbsrciV. The parts be tween the skin *Wv\ Hie flesh, and thy flesh itself,, A^jp^ea as though affected with rAorUtltlatiou, even though the wound had Vlot been inflicted above a quarter of an hour, if so much. Anxious to see if the skin itself was affected, 1 scraped away the parts on it with my finger nail. Finding nothing but ihe punctures, I threw the rat away, and put the knife and skin in my pocket, and started to go away. I had not walked a hundred yards before, all of a sudden, I felt just as if somebody had come behind me and struck mo a severe blow on the head and heck, and at <;he same time I experienced a most acute pain and sense of oppression at the chest, as though a hot iron had been run in and a hundredweight put on the top of it. Iknew in stantly, from what I had read, that I was poisoned. I Said as much to 1113' friend, a must Intelligent gentleman, who happened to be with nie, and told him, if.I fell, to give me brandy and eau-de-luce, words which he kept repeating in case he might forget them. At the same time I enjoined him to keep me going, and hot on any account to allow me to lie down. I then forgot everything for several minutes, and my friend tells me I rolled about as if very faint and weak. lie also informs me that the first tiling I did was to fall against him, asking him if I looked seedy. He most wisely answered " No, you look very well." I don't think he thought so, for his own face was as white as a ghost; I recollect this much. He tells me my face was of a greenish yellow color. After walk ing, or rather staggering along, for soino minutes, I gradually recovered my senses, and steered for the ueasest chemist's shop. Rushing in, I asked for eau-de-luce. Of course lie had none, but my eye caught the wordfl spiritus ammonite, or hartshorn, in a bottle. I reached it down myself, and pour ing a large quantity into a tumbler with a little water, both of which articles 1 found oil a soda-water stand in the shop, drank it olf, thoughit burnt my mouth and lips very much. Instantly I felt relief from the pain at, the chest and head. The chemist stood aghast, and oh my telling him what was the matter,re commended a warm bath. If I had then followed his advice, these words would never have been placed ou record. After a second draught at the hartshorn bottle I proceeded on my way, feeling very stupid and confused. On arriving at my friend's residence, close by, he kindly procured me a bottle of brandy, of ivhich 1 drank four large wine- glasses one after the other, but did not feel the least tipsy after the operation. Feeling nearly well I started on my way way home, and then, for the first time, perceived a most acute pain under the nail of the left thumb ; this pain also ran up the arm. I set to work to suck the wound, and then found out how the poison had got into the system. About an hour before 1 examined the dead rat, I had been cleaning the nail with a penknife, and had slightly separated the nail from the skin beneath. Into this little crack the poison had got when I was scraping the rat's skin to examine the wound. IIow virulent, therofore, must the poison of tho cobra bo ! It already had been circulated in the bodj- of the rat, from which 1 had imbibed it second hand." 