NEW YEAR'S EVE ON THE BARRON. BY A. MESTON. HEAVY rain had been falling incessantly for six days, and at irregular intervals for six weeks. I am alone at Cambanora, on the banks of the Barron, alone, with the exception of Jan Yin, my chef de cuisine, who is asleep in the kitchen. Through the darkness I can see the white tents of the railway surveyors, Messrs. Monk and Amos, who are camped on the old rafting-ground. Through the black gloom rises the vast form of Mount Williams like a gigantic spectre, and towards the East I hear the loud roaring of the restless sea. Jan Yin is dreaming of the almond-eyed bouris of the phantasmal opium heaven, of perpetual banquets of roast pork and bird's-nest soup, of lichee nests, shark fins, and Chinese pastry that, in a Greco-Roman wrestle with tho epigas- tric region of a crocodile, would score five falls out of six against the baffled saurian. I am pacing up and down the veranda in pre- Adamite costume about 9 o'clock, with thoughts that are " combinations of disjointed things and forms impalpable and unperceived," and suddenly a wild procession ot unearthly sounds comes from the vicinity of the kitchen. I rush to the end of the veranda with the rifle, and call through the darkness to Jan Yin, who responds in a voice indicative of the maximum degree of human terror, " Too muchee big fellow crocodile come up long kitchen," and at the same time I hear sounds suspiciously like those made by a crocodile, and see some object moving close to tho kitchen door. During the evening tho roaring of a crocodile was heard in the river near the house, and my first impres- sion was that he had come up to pay Jan Yin a formal visit, and inquire about something to eat. Then Jan Yin struck a match, and I could see some animal indistinctly on the edge, of the reflection outside the window. Being, satisfied, from the, noise it made, it was not a man or a dog, I fired, and then went down to see the result. Beside the kitchen door-step was a largo-sized tame boar that had escaped from some of the flooded pigstyes of the China- men over on the creek ! The ball had entered the chest and come out at the flank, killing him dead. Then Jan Yin laughed like a fiend, and bled the pig, and went back to bed to dream, that a red dragon with iron teeth was dragging him into a cave strewn with the wrecks of Chinamen. I resume my walk on the veranda. Before me is the dark river rushing along in gloom and terror to the ocean, and behind stands the dark scrub, with the wild winds howling through the trees in mere revolutionary madness. The rain falls, in sheets, in cascades, in miniature cataracts; one blind, desolate, pitiless torrent from the open windows of heaven, and the broken up fountains of the great deep. Dark- ness deepens, not a darkness of the open air, but the black palpable darkness of a vault, a darkness that might be felt, a darkness such as that described by Croly in the magnificently eloquent description of the last days of Jerusalem, in Salathiel. Among the Alpine solitudes Byron must have seen such a night as this to inspire his dream of Darkness. Fancy recalls scenes from the Purgatorio and the Prometheus Vinctus. For the time being darkness was the universe, throned in the vast void, voicelcss and alone. Far off, down the gorge in the mountains, came the thunder of the Barron Falls, answered by the sonorous diapason from a hundred hills. One can imagine with what dcep-seated passionate fervour blind old Milton began that third canto of "Paradise Lost" with the apostrophe to Holy light, offspring of hoaven first-born, Or of the eternal co-eternal beam. In imagination I picture this darkness as perpetual, a never-ending moonless and starless night, that would transform all creation into A sea of stagnant idleness. Blind, boundless, mute, and motionless. Darkness and Silence! Dread twin sisters, fit to bo named among tho avenging deities 1 Fancy wandera towarda me, with her vast condor wings flapping ailently in the heavy air. Through time and cpace she carries me, and in the sunlit fields of air unfolds her mystic panorama of the Present and the Past. I behold the lonely timber-getter camped somewhoro in the desolate scrub, sitting in silence in his checrlesa tent, with his thoughta fondly recalling bright visions of departed days, visions that only arise to bo chased into oblivion by tho sombre ghosts of dead hopes and bafiled aspirations. Or perchance he quatia with calm joy his pannikin of hot rum, and ponders over some now method of dex- terously wedging tho ends of hollow logs so as to defy the lynx-eyed gaze of the suspicious timber-merchaut 1 And I bohold, too, tho pioneer selector aeatcd in his solitary hut, heroically atruggling with a poat-plioceno fragment of corned beef. He may be a man of classical attainments, and sits there communing with tho spirits of de- parted ages, or ho holds sweet converse with tho old Greek gods, provided his entire atten- tion is not occupied with the dread problem of how to aecuro a certificate without fulfilling conditions ! And in a vision I behold the lonely postman splashing along in rain and darkneaa, with " confused noiac, and garmenta rolled in mud ;" his mind wandering back to tho white cottage by the river, and the vine covered summer-house, where he used to sit with seraphic joy on calm summer evenings and make love to Maguftin's fair-haired daughter ! Many and beautiful arc that old postman's meditations as he comes suddenly to the flooded creek, considers for a moment, and then dismounts and jams the mail bags into a hollow log, after which he rides mournfully back to report his narrow escapo from an un- timely death and tho washing away of the mail bags, which ho afterwards finds (?) stuck in the fork of a tree, " whero thoy wero left by tho receding flood 1 ! " Ï mark, too, the pioneer prospector, seated beneath his two sheets of bark, eating his frugal but nutritious meal of johnny cake and goanna, as he reflecta philo- sophically on days gone by, and sees in tho shadowy moonlight of memory tho spectral figures of the loved and lost trooping sorrow- fully by on thoir way to the Unknown and Un- knowable. And he raises his toil-worn, sun browned hand to wipe away a tear, as he j remembers with a bitter pang that his scientific "salting" of that last claim was discovered beforo he had clear time to handlo the dimes and travel ! Now Year's morning ! Twenty-six inches of rain fell last night, the Barron rose over 20ft., and ia now within fíft. of the top of the main bank, a wide sweoping waste of water stretch- ing away to the opposite scrub COO yards distant, ruahing along at tho rato of twelve milca an hour, carrying everything before it to the aea. Along tho ned of tho river atand magnificently fohaged treea, thoir trunks hidden in the stream, their massive tops resting peacefully on the surface of the flood. Tall Leichhardts, beautiful trees, standing there in stately grandeur in the roar and rush of waters, like Faith gazing serenely down into the waste chaos of desolation. Two old pine logs drift by, all scarred and shattered by the savage rocks. They como from the far ot£ scrubs of the Upper Barron, and started on thoir wild journey on tho rising of the river. Down through gloomy gorges, across flats bordered by dark scrub, beneath the frowning faces of overhanging precipices, and whirled helplessly along in the resistless torrent. And now towards midnight they are nearing the Barron Falls 1 Down, down, towards the awful precipico, where the gulf yawns abysmal, where the waters shriek like the voicea of loat apirits in tho nether deep, and suddenly, in their last death leap into the "Rhadamanthine darkness, and tho Tartarean gloom," they aro swept down into tho gulf below, and start from thoro on their lone journey to the far Pacific. And wherein, oh mortals, do we differ from theso pino logs in our own journey to the palo kingdoms of Dis? Down the river of life, through gleams of sun- light, through storm and darkno33, through brief bright meadows, beneath the dark shadows of the ¡ron rocks of adversity, through pain and horror, joy and woe, over onwards, onwards to the inexorable doom, to the mid- night precipico of inevitable death I And we know not what bend in the river shall bring us face to face with that dismal cataract ! The steeds of Fate aro saddled, they champ their iron bits by the gate of Asgard, the fatal Twin Sisters como out from the ebony portals and mount the tireless coursers, their long black hair streaming in the wailing winds. Thoy gallop to tho edge of the river 1 Their summons is for us then ! Hark 1 the roar of waters ! the spectral mists rising in the dark- ness, one wild plunge into the unfathomable abyss, and wo aro floating downwards in the Luthean death sleop to the Pacific Ocean of the Hereafter ; to the greon aea-girt islands in tho Hesperides of the Spirits Paradise ! But why theso gloomy thoughts on a day when all civilised men and women are ongnged joyfully settling tho problem of bow far the human' binjio can bo distended without fatal results'; Reader ! those gloomy thoughts aro the out- come of an undigested pig'a ear ! By such baao guides aro our godlike thoughts piloted through the blue empyrean among- the eternal stursl Then why, in thunder, should the spirit of mortal be proud ? 