.Terror of Haiuited Locomotives. Locomotive engineers are almost, if not alto gether, as superstitious in regard to haunted locomotives as sailors are in regard to haunted ship3, says the Tribune. About ten years ago the engine Matt Morgan blew up while stand ing on the track of the Shore Line road near the station in Providence, R. I., killing the engineer. The engine was subsequently re built and put on the road. Ou the first trip that she made after being rebuilt she went tearing into Providence in the night with the train swinninc behind, and the sleenins town echoing to the shrill whistle. On approach ing the station tha engineer leaned forward to shut off steam, but to his horror a ghostly form appeared at his side, and a ghostly hand grasped his wrist and held him fast. When the station was reached the ghost dis appeared, and the engineer stopped the train some distance beyond. At least, this is what the engineer tells. Many people have not forgotten the terrible Richmond switch disaster, several years ago, on the Providence and Stonington road. A little brook became swollen by the rain, and carried away a rail-road bridge. The train came rushing along that night, and was hurled in the chasm. Giles, the engineer, when he saw the danger ahead, instead of leaping from the engine as the fireman did, grasped tha lever aud reversed the engine. But it was too lato. Tho train was going at such a Bpecd thai the locomotive leaped clear across the stream, and they found Gile3 lying under his overturned engine, with the lever driven through hi3 body and one band clutch? ing the throttle- valve with the grasp of death. Giles, when he came into Providence, was ac? customed to give two peculiar whistles as a signal to his wife, who lived near the railroad where it entors the suburbs of the city, that ha was all right, and would soon be home. The absence of those whistles waB the first in timation which was recaived at Providence of the disaster. When the eDgine which made that terrible leap on that F=tormy night was rebuilt and A put on the road again, there was at first great trouble in getting engineers for it, with suoh superstitious horror was it regarded. To- day there are people ready to swear that they have 1 heard whistles, such a3 Giles used to blow as signals to his wife, sound through the suburbs of Providence, when no train was coming up the road. Truly there ia something in the unruffled , calm of nature that overawes our little an- j xieties and doubts ; tha sight of the deep blue " i sky aud the clustering stars above seem to im- j part a quiet to the mind, J 