A QUESTION OF PRO PRIETORSHIP. A STOEY OP THE MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY. ♦ By Luke Shabp, in Detroit Free Press• When John Went worth put the last touches to his work he stood bsck and regarded it with admiration. He stood with his hands in his pockets and his cap well back on his head, and he felt that glow of self-satisfaction which a man feels who has just finished a loi.g tnd arduon3 taefe. " Well," he said, as he turned his head, now this way, and then that, " I call that a fir*t-cl&ES; job, by George 1" It was certainly a most complete piece of mechanism, every joint perfectly fitted, yet perfection is never altogether appreciated, and when Mrs. Jones, the landlady, deceived by the silence in supposing that Wentworth had gone out, and thinking the present a good time to fix np the room, came in, she gave a scream of terror, and, on catching her breath, cried: " Laws, Mr. Wentworth, what a start that horrid thing did give me. You're not going to keep that in the house, Mr. Wentworth ?" ^ " Mr?. Jore?, let me present you to our dis tinguished fellow-lodger, J. W. Stodgers. I venture to eay that a more complete or hand somer skeleton cannot be found in Ann Arbor, Mrs. Jones, if I did wire him myself. John W. will give you little trouble, Mrs. Jones, and if, when we're cut, you give Him a little touch up with the duster he will not only appreciate it, but yon will also oblige Mr. Smilie and myself, for we are partners in J. W. Stodgers." "Mercy eakes, I'll never come into thia room if that skeleton is to be here." "Oh, John W. is harmless. Besides, ho has been in that box here for some weeks. E tp only helped him to collect himself, as it were." At this moment the lower jaw of the skull firepped with a click to an angle of forty-five, acd Mrs. Jones gave another little shriek as ste looked with averted gaze at the sort of ary, bony, silent, fixed laugh of the skeleton. " That," said Wentworth, with pardonable pride," is a little device of my own. That jaw stays in place about half an hoar and then drops. By the way juEt notice what a lovely set of teeth John W. has. That's the fault I find with most of our American skele tonsi. They have poor teeth. It seemed to bmilie and me that this fellow must have been an Englishman, he had such good grinders, so we christened him Stodgers, an aristocratic name over there I am told." It gives me the chiils to look at it," said Mrs. Jones. The fading afternoon light threw deep shadows in the eyeless sockets that gave Mrs. Jones an uneasy feeling that the skele ton was looking at her. " That's because you always had «Lits' to board here instead cf' Medics.' You'll get used to John W. He's an nnobstrusive cuss. If everybody minded his own business with the exclusiveness J. W. does there wouldn't be much trouble in this world." Wentworth bitterly remembered this re mark later on. A= this moment young Smilie came in. 41 Jove," said Smilie, in admiration, " you've done that op tiptop, John. Thunder, I call that a triumph," and he walked around and took a Eide view of it. " That's what I call a deuced good job for a first attempt. Did yoa ever Bee anything handsomer, Mr3, Jones?" "Mrs. Jones thinks she has," said Went worth. I' It's awful," Bhuddered Mrs. Jones, " To think that that was alive and walked around hke the rest cf us I" " 'And thou hast walked about, how strange a story,' " quoted Smilie. " That's so, it'a rough on J. W., isn't it ?" Mrs. Jones went down stairs and the medi cal students closed the door. " His jaw drops a little, John, said Smilie. " That s all right; show the action, von know," and Wentworth with a ruler touched John W. under the chin and the two gleam ing rows of teeth came together and remained in that fixed grin so characteristic of all skele ton?. Wentworth had placed a narrow table against the wall, and on it John W. sat with his ekull fastened to the wall so as to keep him upright, while his spindley white legs dangled down and swayed gently to and fro, when the door opened or a breeze came through the window. The medical students sat down, and Went worth was telling Smilie how he had over come certain difficulties in articulation, when there entered with unnecessary silence a stranger. " Excuse me, genilemen," he said. "Begyour pardon," said Wentworth, "I didn't hear you knock." "I didn't knock." " Oh;" " Take a chair," said Smilie. " I will stay but a few moments," replied the stranger. Of course neither of the young men knew all the hundreds of students at the University, bat they thought the stranger belonged to one of the departments, although it seemed odd that he should enter without rapping. "Have a cigar," said Wentworth, pushing the box towards him. "I come on business," said the other," and do not smoke. That is my skeleton." "Oh, excuse me," cried Wentworth. "I articulated John W. myself." " Whom ? " " John W. We call him Stodgere. John W, Stodgers." "Oh,you do." "Yes. For convenience. Don't suppose thai was his name." " It certainly was not." " How do yoa know ? " " Because I tell you the skeleton is mine." " Show him our receipts for the body, John. You don't understand, I guess, that Went worth and I bought the body and have the receipts. It's not a store skeleton. It is John's upper and my lower and eo we fixed op the bones ourselves." " I wish to see no receipts. You don't ap pear to understand me. When I was alive that skeleton was the frame work of my body." " When you were alive ?" " Certainly." " What are you now t You don't mean to pretend that you palm yourself off as a ghost on us." . " ^ yon have any doubts about the matter, just throw that ruler at me." Srnilie at once took the stranger at his word and the ruler met no opposition, bat apparent ly passed through the spectre, and fell clatter ing to the flcor. At that instant the jaw of the skeleton fell whh its sudden click, and in the silence that enaued it seemed to regard the spirit with a sort of gleam of recognition. Wentworth walked across the room and picked up the ruler. Coming back he snapped the jaws shut and sat down. • That's singular, to say the least, John." said Smilie, helplessly. At this moment there was a knock at the door. " Come," shouted Smilie. In the gloom they recognised Tom Fulmer one of the students. Excuse me," said Tom, seeing a stranger present and preparing to withdraw. "No. no, come in, Tom; you're just the man we want to see." Tom took the chair offered to him. " I don't jaat know how to introduce you,*' *(To be Continued.) 