A REMARKABLE STORY Of AN APPARITION. (CamtWt Saturday Journal.) MANY people-a very great number» in fact-no more believein apparitions than the man in the moon. And we are not st all sure that wettrm't agree with them. At the same time the following story of an apparition is such a- marvellous and peculiar one, that we otmnot do better than receive it with the attention it deserves:-"YoungMr. Bligh, a lad of bright parts and of no common attain- ments, became on a sudden pensive, dejected and melancholy. His friends, observing the change without being able to discover the cause, attributed his behaviour to laziness, an aversion to school, or to some other motive- which they suspected he was ashamed do- avow. He was, however, induced to infora his brother, after some time, that in-» field through which he had passed to and from .school"'-that is to say, to and from Launceston Grammer School, of which Mr. Buddie was head-master-"hews» invariably met by the apparition of1 r* woman whom he personally knew while living, and who had been dead about eight years." Young Bligh is said to have been at this time about sixteen. " Ridicule, threats, and persuasions were alike used in vain by the family to induce him to dismiss these absurd ideas. Mr. Buddie was, however, sent for, to whom the lad ingenuously com- municated the time, manner, and frequency of this appearance. It was in a field called Higher Broomfield. The apparition, he said, appeared dressed in female attire, met him two or three times while he past>ed through the field, glided hastily by him, but never spoke. He liad been thus occasionally met about two months before he took any particular notice of it; at length the appearance became more frequent, meeting him both morning and evening, but always in the same field, yet invariably moving out of the path when it came close to him. He often spoke, but could never get any reply." To avoid this unwelcome visitor, he forsook the field, and went to school and returned from it through a lane, in which place, between the quarry pack and nursery, it always met him. Unable to disbelieve the evidence of his own senses, orto obtain credit with any of his family, he prevailed upon Mr. I Ruddle to accompany him to the place. "'I arose,' says the clergyman, the next morning and went with him. The field to which he led me I guessed to lie about twenty acres, in an open country, and about three furlongs from any house, We went into the field, and had not gone a third part before the spectre, in the shape of a woman, with all the cir- cumstances he had described the day before, so far as the suddenness of its appearance and transition would permit me to discover, passed by. I was a little surprised at it, and though I had taken up a firm resolution to speak to it, I had not the power, nor durst I look back ; yet I took care not to show any fear to my pupil and guide, and therefore telling him that I was satisfied with the truth of his statement, we walked to the end of the field and re- turned ; nor did the ghost meet us after that time but once. On July 27, 1665. I went to the haunted field by myself, and walked the breadth of it without any encounter. I then returned and took the other walk, and then the spectre ap- peared to me, much about the same place in which I saw it when the young gentleman was with me. It appeared to move swifter than before, and seemed to be about ten feet from me on my right hand, insomuch that I had not time to speak to it as I had determined with myself beforehand. The evening of this day, the parents, the son and myself, being in the chamber where I lay, I proposed to them our going all together to the place nett morning. We accordingly met at the stile we had appointed ; thence we all four walked into the field together. We had not gone more than half the field before the ghost made its appearance. It then came over the stile just before us and moved with such rapidity that by the time we had gone six or seven steps it passed by ; I immediately turned my head and ran after it, with the young man by my side. We saw it pass over the stile at which we entered, and no further. I stepped upon the hedge at one place, and the young nian.at another, but we could discern nothing, ; whereas I do aver that the swiftest horse in England could not have oonveyed him- self out of eight in that short space of time. Two things I observed in this day's appearance ; first, a spaniel, dog which had followed the company unre- garded, barked and ran away as the spectre passed by ;. whence it is easy to conclude that it was not our fear or fancy which made the apparition. Secondly, the motion, of the spectre was not grada- tion, or by steps, or moving of the feet, but by akindof gliding, as children upon ice, or asa boat down a river, which punctually answers the description the ancients, give of the motion of these spectres. This ocular evidence clearly convinced, but withal strangely af- frighted, the old gentleman and his wife. They well knew this woman, Dorothy Durant, in her life-time ; were at her burial ; and now plainly saw her features ia this apparition, The next morning, being Thursday, I went very early by myself, and walked for about MI hour's space in meditation and prayer in the field next adjoining. Soon after five I stepped over the stile into the haunted field, and had not gone abave thirty or forty paces before the ghost appeared at the further stile. I spoke to it in some short sentences with aloud voice, where- upon it approached me, but slowly, and when I came near, it moved not. I spoke again, and it answered in a voice neither audible nor very intelligible. I was not in the least terrified, and there- fore persisted until it spoke again, aud gave me satisfaction; but the work could not be finished at this time. Whereupon the same evening, an hour after sunset, it met me again near the same place, and after a few words on each «tele it quietly Vanished j and [ neither doth appear now, nor hath ap- peared since-, nor ever will more to say man's disturbance. ïhe discourse in ¡ the morning lasted about a quarter of an hour. These things are true,' concludes the Rev. John JsuduTe, 'and I know them to be so, with as much certainty as eyes and ears can give mer ^ and until I «an be persuaded that my senses all deceive me about their proper objects, and by that persuasion deprive me of the strongest inducement to believe the Christian religion, I must and will assert that the-Uiings contained ill this paper are true/" 