So Nearly Lost. CHAPTER IL She shivered even in the sweet July sunshine. " I cannot-oh l I cannot." ." Have' pity," he urged- "at least have pity on yourself. Child you have, no idea of the realities of London life. Young alone'and unaided, what is to become of you 7 You cannot fight life's, battle by yourself. Let me bear its burden for you." "I like you very much," she told him ; "but I do not love you. I know very little of love; but I am quite sure I do not love you.' ".You will love me in time." " You offer me all," she cried, in a oico; "love, home; care, affection,, and et I cannot love you back. Oh I Captain arew, do you think Mrs. Laington is K ht, and that I was very bad, to be so terribly ungrateful 7" " I think only that you are my dar ling," he said fondly. "I have room for no other thought." If only you will come with me I will bless the first day I saw your face in the gardens of Laington Court. She hesitated, and yielded. Captain Carew, watching her intently, know his courso was won even before he felt the little fingers glide into his hand, and heard the sweet voice answer I will come." "Only," she added, after a pause only you will not forget I told you how it was. I never deceived you Captain Carow. I told you I did not live you." " And I answered you that love would come, and that I was content to wait." A distadt clock chimed four. It roused Captain Carew' from his dreams. " Ve shall just catch the five o'clock express," he said a little awkwardly. Are you sure you can walk all the way to El ated, Florence 7' "lam quite sure." And so, side by side, the two walked through the wood, down the village lane, and to the railway station, which, small as it was, was yet a junction. Neither of thomspoko. The feverish impatience Flor once had shown at their first meeting seemed to have imparted itself to the captain. Ho hurried on, a passionate fear at his heart that oven yet his darling might escape him, and some mysterious providence might even yet save her front his selfishness. Hel need not have feared ; there wero few to trouble themselves over Florence's fate. Her father and his wifo believed her still cc pcnitnce in her own room. Thu passers-by, whom the captain and his compansion met in Elsfead, were not fa miliar with the features of the squire's daughter, she had boeet kept too carefully secluded for that. They were only just in time. Charles took the tickets, and led his troubling charge on to the plat form; and then the train came steaming in, a porter had popnted the door of an empty first-class carriage, a moment more and their journey had begun. " I feel so frightened,' she whispered to him, when the train had fairly left the little station. " Oh l Captain Carew, do you think I have been very wicked I" A trying question, since, if she had erred, lie certainly had been the tempter. Instead of answering, he bhnt over her amd kissed her lips. She drow her face abruptly away. " Are you angry with me 7" " No," she said, slowly ; " but-" "But what ? Do you think I shall be content to love 'you and feel your lips dre forbidden me 1" "You said," she faltered, ' thaet love would come in time. When it does, surely that will be time enough for kissing." He was vexed, and yet he could not help smniling. How simple and innocent was the village dower he had paused to gather I "Do you know," she said presently, "I never was at a wedding before in all my life. It is not strange that my' own should be the very first 1". "Very." " Will it matter I" And she 'liaked down at her blue cambric dress. " Brides ought always to wear white, oughtn't they 7,' "You shall 'wear what you 'liko, tny darling. I will buy you a dozen white dresses if you like." " Oh, no ; I don't want any. I must grow wise and prudent, and not cost you more than I can help," she said, earnest ly. " Indeed I will try'to be a good wife if only you will show me how." " I am not afraid ; and remember, dear, you are to havo all you want.. I am a rich man, and money is nothing to me, so that you are happy." An hour had passed since they left El stead. More than half the journey was over when the train stopped suddenly at Fulgate, a bustling plnao some twenty iiiles fr~om Londi. Sevomil peopleI were hasteining on the latform. Charles Carew, detormuined no istrusdors should trouble themn,'steood before the window, thinkin gte persuade would-ba passengr that else carriage was foll.' He thouh all dainger over, for the whistle hc sounded, so lie sat dowvi aiad deserted Isis pest. The train was ems the poiist of startiuig when the door was suddoisly flumig opel,, and a traveller ointored breathless with haste--a late comiier, who had almost des paired of ciutehing the London express. A niuttared auth passed the captain's lips. as he reco nieed the intrudor, find tried to niako his greeting cordial, "Ha t Forbes, you're the last person 1 expected to see. What brings you to this part of the world ?" The stranger was a tall military looking man of, perhaps, two or three-and forty. He had not thi haidisome fInc of Charles Carew, but his exiression was very at trnctivo. Dark hair and ayes, a strange ly thoughtful countenance, a broad opon brow with a shadow on it, as of sonic half-forgotten grief, a genial voice, and a smile rare but sincere. Such was Denis Major Forbes, an old acquaintance of Captain Carew, and the hero of this m a ao. " I mnight ask the saute of you,,' ro. turned the major, cheerfully ; "your leave is not half up yet, what is taking you to London." '" Business ?" .returned Charles ab ruptly. "I ,thought you left all that to your lawyer.?" And thou his eyes fell upon Florence, us lie started-started visibly, almost perceptibly, as if he had seen a ghost, supposing always that soldiers share the objections; of ordinary mortals: to ghosts. She was sitting at Captain Carew's side, her ungloved hand almost touched his coat sleeve, her gloves, handkerchief, and other properties reposed on the, captain's great coat opposite. The smost unsus picious of spectators must have seen that the two was travelling together, ,that the girl was under Charles Carew's protection -at least for the journey. ' There, was nothing in it to excite a stranger's wonder-a stranger might have guessed the fair girl to be fiancee, wife; or sister, to the handsome man near her; but Major Forbes knew alittie of Charles's history, he knew the one secret of his life, and therefore Florence's presence puzzled him. He never heard that the captain possessed a sister. No. other re lationship could be close - enough to ex plain the intimacy which evidently sub sisted between them. Major Forbes do cidedthatthis mustboMissCarew. Charles was not a communicative man, and rarely alluded to his family ; besides, this girl was almost a child-no doubt until lately she had been at school. " Will not you introduce me to your sister ? he asked, when he had convinced himself of this. Captain Carew felt intensely relieved.' He had been wondering whether it was safe to hazard such a relationship, doubt ing Isis companion knew lie was the only child. With one look at Florence he checked the denial rising to her lips, and answered his friend with well assumed ease. " Certainly. . Florence, this is Major Forbes, a superior oflicer of mine, who has done me many a good turn in days gone by. Denis, my little sister. You must excuse her shyness at present. I believe she thinks every stranger some thing terrible." "I hope we shall not long be strangers," said the major in his deep, musical voice. " I have known your brother for years, Miss Carew, ever since you wore a little child." The girl inclined lier head, she could not for the life of her have found words. Of an intensely truthful nature, the de ceit practised on Major Forbes greatly troubled liar. Tan LATE Mn. \V. A: BnomtInz.-Tho S.M. Herald announces the death of Mr. William Adam ]3rodribb. M. L. C. Mr. Brodribb was born in London on May the 27th 1800, and was therefore 77 years of age. He was the son of William Adam Ilrodribb, an English solicitor, who after wards resided in Hobart, where he held the office of clerk to the judge's advocate, and subsequently be~ame undersheriff. Mr. Brodribb left home for New South Wales, whore he was for some years superintend ent of Mr. W. Bradley's Monaro stations. Afterwards on hiis own account, lie cons snencod pastoral pursuits. In 1855 he settled on Wanganella run in Riverina, which, however. he soon afterwards sold and went to Victoria, where lie was elected a member of parliament for Brighs ton ; but about a year afterwards he regained and went to England, and, after two years' absence, returned and formed stations in the Lachlan district. In 1874 he again visited England, and whilst there did useful ivork for the colony, aiding and bringing about reforms in the wool trade. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society, and a fellow of the Royal Colonial Institute. In 1870 lie returned to the colony, and purchased Bucklihirst, where he resided up till the time of his death. In 1877 Mr. Brodribb was appointed a memsber of the New South Weles Commission at the Paris International Exhibition, and in 1878 a member of the New South Wales Inter national Exhibition. Ho was a magistrate of this colony and of Victoria. Mr. Brodribb was elected a member of the Legislative Assembly of Now South Wales on November 24, 1880, but resigned that position in the following year, and was appointed to a seat in the Legislative Council. Of that chamber lie hIas re mained a member ever since. Mr. l3rod ribb went to Melbourno about three weeks ago, amid was taken rather unwell whilst there. He was very anxious to return, and as soon as possible did so, reaching Sydney 'by the express train on Saturday morning last, At first, after his return to, Sydney, he appeared to be better in health but on Sunday lie was again taken ill, and his illness terminated fatally at five o'clock on Monday morning. 