TALES MB SKETCHES. JESS. tt Y H. HIDER HAGGARD, author op "Kixo Solomon's Mixes." Chapter VIII. — Jess goes to Pretoria. ,,That day, at dinner, Jess anddeuly an- nonnced that she wns going on tho morrow to to Pretoria to sec Jane Neville. " To sco Jnno Neville 1" said Bessie, opening her blno eyes wide, "Why it wns only last month that yon said you did not care about Jane Neville now. because sho had crown so vulgar. Don't yon remember when she stopped hero on her way down to Natal last year, and held up her fat hands, and said, " Ah, Jess — Jess is a genius ! It is a privilege to know her." And then wnnted you to quoto Shake speare to that lump of a brother of hers, aud you told her that if she did not hold hor tonguo sho would not enjoy the privilege much longer And now yon want to go and stop with her for two months 1 Well, Jess, yon nro odd. And what's more, I think it is very unkind of you to go away for so long." To all of which prattlo Jess said nothing, bu merely reiterated her determination to go. John, too, was astonished and, to tell the truth, not a littlo disgusted, since tho previous day, when lie had that talk with her in Lion Kloof, Joss had assumed a clearer and more definite interest in his eyes. Beforo that sho had been nu enigma ; now he hoi guessed enough about hor to mako hitn anxious to know more. Indeed ho had not perhaps realised how strong and definite his interest was tilt he heard that sho was going away for a long period. Suddenly it struck him that tho farm would bo very dull without this interesting woman moving about tho place in her silent, resolute kind of way. Ilessio was, no doubt, delightful and charming to look on, but sho had not got her sister's brains and originnli'y ; and John Neil was suf ficiently above the ordinary run to thoroughly appreciate iutellect and originality in a woman, instead of standing aghast at it. She interested him intensely, to say tho least of it, and, man-like, he felt exceedingly pnt ont, and oven sulky, at tho idea of her departure. He looked at hor in remonstrance, nnd even in nwkwardnoss, be gotten of his irritation, knocked down tho vinegar cruet and made a mess upon the table : hut she evaded his oyes and took no notice of tho vinegar. Then fooling that ho had done all that in him lay, ho went to seo about the ostriches ; first of oil hanging abont a little to see if Jess wonld come out, which sho did not. Indeed, ho saw nothing more of her till supper time. Bessie told him that sho said sho was rosy jiacking 5 but, ns one can only take 20 lb. weight of luggage iu a post cart, this did not quite convince him that It was so in fact. At supper she wns, if possible, even raoro quiet than she had been at dinner. After it was over ho usked her to sing, but she declined, saying tlint she laid given up singing for the present, and persisting iu her statement in spite of the chorus of remonstrance it aroused. Tho buds only sing whilst tliey nro mated ; and it is, by tho way, a curious thing, and suggestivo of the theory that the samo great princplcs per vade all nature, that Jess, now thnt her troublo had overtaken her, and that sho had lost her love which had suddenly sprung from her heart —full grown and clml 'in power as sprung jrom tho head of Jove — had no further inclina tion to uso hor divine gift of soug. It probably was nothing uioro than u coincidence, but it was a curious one. Alio arrangement was, that on the morrow Jess was to bo driven in tho Capo cart to Mar-' tinus-Wcrselstrooiii, more commonly called, n akkcrstroom, and thero catch tho post cart, Men was timed to leave thu town at mid-day, uongh when it would leavo was quite another utter, l'ostcarts nro not particular to a day rola !ko -Transvaal. Old Silas Croft was going to drivo her with it.i'i'0' '"'d 6onio shopping to do in Wnk- retrooai, as ladies somotiuies have ; hut at tho J«t moment tho old man got a preiuouitory nge of the rheumatism to which ho was a VnlV/l'' an, C0U' nt 8 i 60, of courso, Joliu rn1ii T) '.an thougli Jess raised some difii- hhi Mr' furthered the idea, and in tho oad otter was accepted. fill ak balf-past eight on a bcauti- twn laS up came tho tented cart, with its boom wheels, stout stinkwood dissol- bctdnf fit- uU.t sKritoa ynnB horses j to the Zulu hw! ''o Hottentot Jantjd, assistodby Moocha » r ? k swoet simplicity of a — ' a t'v feathers in his wool, and a horn rtahtV reietvcl"11 atnul';mtBt» thf author. snuff-box stuck through the fleshy part of the ear, hung grimly on. In they got-John first, thou Bessie next to him, then Jess. Then Jantjd scrambled np behind ; and after some preliminary backing and plunging, and show- lug a disposition to twine ihcmsclvcs affection- atcly round the orange trees, off went the homes at a hand gallop, and away swung the cart after them in a fashion that would have frightened anybody, not accustomed to that mode of progression, pretty well out of their fj V 'H "aS| 'in bad as much as he could do to keep the four horses together and to prevent thein from bolting, and this alone, to say nothing of tho rattling and jolting 0 . 0 TCbiclo over the uneven track, was sufficient to put a stop to any attempt at con versation. Wakkerstroom was about 18 miles from Mooifontein, a distance thnt they covered well w ltlun the two hours. Here the horses were outspnnncd at the hotel, nud John went into the house whence tho postcart was to start and booked Jess's seat, and then joined the ladies at the " Kautoor" or store where they were shopping. After the shopping was done, they w cut back to the inn together and had some dinner ; by which timo the Hottentot driver of the cart began to tunc up lustily, hut un- melodiously, 011 a buglo to inform intending passengers thnt it was time to start. Bessie was out of the room ut tho moment, nud, with tho exception of a peculiarly dirty looking coolie waitel", thero was nobody about. "How long are you going to be away, Miss Jess? asked John. " Two months more or less, Captain Nicl. " "I am very sorry thnt you arc going," he said earnestly. "It will be very dull at the farm without yon." " There will ho Bessie for you to talk to." she auswerod, turning her face to the window, aud affecting to watch the inspanning of the postcart in the yard on to which it looked. " Captain Niol !" she said suddenly, "Yes?" "Mind you look after Bessie while I am away. Listen ! Iam going to tell you some thing. You know Frank Muller?" " Yes, I know him, and a very disagreeable fellow ho is." " Well, ho threatened Bessie llic other day, and ho is a man who is quite capable of carry ing ont a threat. I can't tell you anything more about it, but I want you to promise me to protect Bessie if any occasion for it should arise. I do not know that it will, but it might. Will you promise ?" " Of courso I will ; I would do a great deal inoro than that if yon asked mo to, Jess," he answered tenderly, for now that she was going away ho felt curiously drawn towards her, and was anxious to show it. " Never mind me," she said with an impa tient little move. "Bessie is sweet enough and lovely enough to be looked after for. her own sake, I should think." Before he could say any more, in came Bessie herself, saying that the driver was wailiug, and they went out to see her sister off. " Don't forget yoar promise," Jess whispered to him, beading down as lie liolped hor into the cart, so low that her lips almost touched him und her breath rested for a second on his chock like the ghost of a kiss. Iu another moment the sisters had embraced each other, tenderly enough j the driver had sounded onco more on his awful ..bugle, and away went tho cart at full gallop, bearing with it Jea two other passengers, nud her Majesty's mails. John nnd Bessie stood for a moment watching its mad career, as it went splashing and banging down the straggling street towards the wide plains boyond, mid thou turned to enter tho inn again and prepare for their home ward drive. As thoy did so, an old Boer, named Ilnus Coctzoe, with whom John wns already slightly acquainted, came up, nnd oxtending an enormously big and thick hand, hid them " Goodon daag." Hans Coetzeo was n very favorable specimen of the best sort of Boor, and really came moro or less up to the ideal picture that is so often drawn of flint " simple pastoral people." He was a very largo stout man, with a lino open face nud a pair of kindly eyes. John, looking at him, guessed thnt. lie conld not weigh less than 17 stone, and he was well within tho mnrk of thnt. " How aro youCupteln ?" ho said in English, for ho could talk English wall, " nud how do you like tho Transvaal ? — must not call it South Afri can Republic now, you know, for that's trea son," nnd his eye twinkled merrily, " I liko it very much, Mcinhocr," said John. " Ah, yes, it s a beautiful veldt, cspccially about here — no liorso - sickness, no ' bluo tongue,' and u good slroug grass for tho cattle. And you must fiud yourself very snug at Om (Uncle) Croft's there ; it's tho nicest placo in the district, with tho ostriches and all. Not that I hold with ostriches in this veldt ; they are well enough in the old colony, but they wont breed here — at least not as they should do. I tried them oucc and I know ; oh, yes I know." . " Yes, it's a vory fino country, Moiuheer. I liavo been all over the world aud I never saw a finer." " You don t say so, now! Almighty, what a thing it is to have travelled I Not that I should like to travel myself. I think that tlio Lord moaut us to stop iu tho place He has made for us. But it is a fino country, and" (dropping his voice) " I thiuk it is u liner country tlmn it used to ho." " You mean that tho voldt has got 'tame,' Moiuheer." ' ' Nay, nay. I mean that the land is Eng. lisli now." ho answered in a whisper, " nnd though I daro not say so among my volk, I hope that it will keep Euglish. WTien I was Republican, I was Republican, nud it was good iu souio ways, tho Republic. There was so littlo to pay in taxes, aud wo knew liow to mauago the black folk ; But now I am English, I am. Euglish. I know tho English Govern ment , means good inonoy nud safety, nnd if there isn't n .'Rand' (assembly) now; ivqll, what does it matter? Almighty, liow' they used to talk tlioro 1— clack, clack, clack 1 just liko an old black koran (species of bustard) at sansot. And whero did thoy run tho waggon of tho Ropublic to — Brugers aud thoso damned Holleudcrs of his, and tho rest of them ? Why, into tlia sluit — into tho sluit with peaty banks : and there It wonld have stopped till now, or till tho flood carno down and swept it away, if old Shcpstono— all I what a tongue that man has, and liow fond ho Is of tho kiudorohios I (little ehildron)— had not como and pullod it out again. But look hero, Captcin, tho volk round hero don't thiuk liko that. It's tho ' voidowde Bri- tischo Government' hero and the 'vordomde Britlseho Government ' there, and ' hymakaars (mating) !i«e, mi 'JuoitiaflB ' folk, tliey nil run one after the other like sheep. But there it is, Captein, and I tell you there will be fighting beforo long, and then our people will shoot those poor rooibnatjes (red jackets) of yours liko buck and take the land of It ' " ' r thl"es ' 1 couW Cry when 1 tl,iuk John smiled at this melancholy prognostica- i?.!. a1? was allout to explain what a poor show all tho Boers in tho Transvaal would mako in front of a few British regiments, when he was astonished by a sudden change in his friend's manner. Dropping his enormous paw 011 to ins shoulder, Coetzeo broke into a burst of somewhat lorced merriment, the cause of which was, though John did not guess it at the mo ment, that he hud just perceived Frank Muller, who was in Wakkerstroom with a waggon load of corn to grind at tho mill, Btandiug within five yards, and apparently intensely interested iu flipping at the flies with a cowrie made of the tail of a vilderbeeste, but in reality listening to Coctzce's talk with all his cars. " Ha, ha ! ' ncf " (nephew), said old Coetzee to the astouishcd John, "no wonder you like -Mooifontein — thero are other mooi (pretty) things there beside tho water. How otton do vou ' opsib' (sit up at night) with Uncle Croft's pretty girl, eh ? I'm not quite as blind as an autbear yet. I saw her blush when you spoke to her just now. I saw her. Well, well, it is a_ pretty game for a vouug man, isn't it. ' net' Frank ?" (this was addressed to Muller). " I'll be hound tlio Captein here 'burns n long cnndle' with pretty Bessie every night, eh, Frauk? I hope you ain't jealous, 'ncf?' My vrouw told me somo time ago that yon were sweet in that direction yourself ami he stopped at last, out of breath, and looked anxiously to wards Muller for an answer, while John, who had been somewhat overwhelmed at this flow of bucolic chaff, gavo a sigh of relief. As for Mnller, ho behaved in a curious manner. In stead of laughing, as the jolly old Boor had intended thnt ho should, holrad, although Coetzeecould not seo it, beea turning blackcraud blacker ; and now that the flow of language ceased, he, with a savage ejaculation which John conld not catch, but which ho appeared to throw at his (John's) head, turned on his heel and went off towards the courtyard of tho inn. " Almighty !" said old Hans, wiping his face with a red cotton pockothandkerchicf ; " I have put my foot into a big hold. That stink cat Muller heard all that I wns saying to you, and I toll you he will save it up and save it up, and 0110 day ho will bring it all out of tho volk and call me a traitor to the ' laud ' and ruin me. I know him. He knows how to balance a Ion" stick on his littlo fiuger so that the ends keep even. Oil, yes, ho can ride two horses at once, aud blow hot and blow cold. He is a dovil of a man, a dovil of a man ! And what did lie menu by swearing at yon like that ? Is it about the inissio (girl), I wonder ? Almighty 1 who can say ? All 1 that reminds me — though I'm sure I don't know why it should — the Kaftirs tell me that there is a big herd of buck— vilderbeeste and hleshok — on my outlyiug place about an hour and a half (ton miles) from Mooifontein. Can you hold a rifle, Captein? You look like a hit of a hunter." "Oh, yes, Meinhccr 1" said John, delighted ut the prospect of somo shooting. "Ah, I thought so. All yon English are sportsmen, thougli yon don't know liow to kill buck. Well now, yon take 0 in Croft's light Scotch cart and two good horses, and come over to iny place — not to-inoirow, for my wife's cousin is coining to seo us, and an old cat sho is, hut rich ; she hhs a thousand pounds iugold iu the waggon box under her bed — nor tho next day, for it is the Lord's day, nnd one can't shoot creatures on tho Lord's day — but Monday, yes, Monday. You bo there by eight o'clock, aud you shall sco how to kill vilderbeeste. Almighty 1 now what can thnt jackal Frank Mailer have meant ? Ah 1 ho is tho dovil of a man," and, shading his head ponderously, tho jolly old Boer departed, and presently John saw him riding away upon 11 fat littlo sporting pony that cauuot have weighed much moro than himself, and that yet cantered away with him on his fiftoen mile journey as though lie wero hut a fcathor weight. CiiArTEn IX. — jax-riE's'SronY. Shortly after tho old Boor had gone, John wont into the yard of the hotel to see to the in- spanning of the Cape cart, when his attention was at ouco arrested by the sight of a row in active progress— at least, from the crowd of Kaffirs and idlers and the angry sounds and curses that proceeded from them, ho judged thut it was a row. Nor was he wrong about it. In tlio corner of tho yard, close by tho stable door, surrouuded by tlio aforesaid crowd, stood Frank Muller ; a heavy sjamhock I10 held iu his raised hand above his head, as though in tho act to strike. Beforo him, a very picture of drunken fury, his lips drawn up liko a suarliug dog's, so that tho two lines of his white teeth gleamed liko polished ivory iu the sunlight, his small eyes all shot with blood nud his face working convulsively, was tho Hottentot JuutjJ. Nor was this all. Across his face was a blue wheal whero tho whip had fallen, and in his baud 1 heavy white handled kuifo which ho always wore. "IIullol what is all this?" said John, shouldering his way through the crowd. " Tlio swortsel (black creature) has stolen iny lierso's forago and given it to yours!" shouted Muller, who was evidently almost off his head with rage, making an utlciiipt to hit Jautie' with the whip as ho spoke. Tlio latter avoided tho blow by jumping behind John, with the result that the tip of the sjamhock caught the Englishman on tlio log. Bo careful, sir, with the whip," said John to Muller, restraining his temper with difficulty. "Now, )iow do you. know that the man stole your horses forago j and what business have you to touch hiui ? If thero was anything wrong ypiVshould have roportpJ. it to mo." V ,'j' Ho lies. Boas, ho lies 1 " yelled out tho Hottentot in tremulous, higb-pitclied tones, '' Ho lies ; ho has always been a liar, and worse than a liar. Yah 1 Yah 1 I can tell tilings about him. Tho laud is Euglish now, and Boers can't kill tho black people as thoy liko. That man — that Boer, Muller, ho shot my fathor und my mothor — my father first, then my mothor j ho gave her two bullets — sho did not dio tho first time." Yon yollow dovil 1— You black-shinned, black-hearted son of Satan 1 " roared the great Boer, his very beard cnrling witb fury, " Is that the way tor talk to your masters ? Oat of tho light, rooibaatjo "(soldier)-thiswas to John and I will cut his tongue out of bim. . I II show him how wo deal with a yollow liar : and without further ado ho mado a rush for the flettfiatol. to b? caraet mm Most was now thoroughly up, put out his open hand, aud, bending forward, pushed with all his strength on Mnllcr's advancing chest. John was a very powerfully made man, though not a very largo one, and the push sent Muller staggering back. " What do you meau by that, rooibaatjo?" shouted Muller, his face livid with fury. " Get ont of my road or I will mark that pretty face of yours. I have some goods to pay you for as it is, Englishman, and I always pay my debts. Out of the path, curse vou I" aud ho again rushed for the Hottentot. This time John, who was now almost as angry as his assailant, did not wait for him to reach him, but, springing forward, hooked his arm around Muller's throat and, before he conld close with him, with one tremendous jerk managed not only to stop his wild career, but to reverse the motion, nnd then, by interposing his foot with considerable neatness, to land him — powerful man nsltc was — on his hack in a pool of drainage that had collected from the stable in 11 hollow of the yard. Down lie went with a splash, and amid a shout of delight from the orawd, who always like to see an aggressor laid low, his head bumping with considerable force against the lintel of the door. For a moment he lay still, and John was afraid that the man was really hurt. Presently, however, he rose, and without attempting any further llOStiln (lpmnncfrn + tnn A cnirii.rr n el.trvl/A ...---I tramped off towards tile house, leaving his enemy to compose his ruffled nerves ns best lie could. Now John, liko most gentlemen, hated a row with all his heart, though lie had the Anglo-Saxon tendency to go through with it unflinchingly when onco it began. Indeed, tho whole thing irritated him almost beyond bear ing, for he knew that the story would, with addition, go the round of tho country-side, and, what is more, that he had made a powerful and implacable enemy. . ,;"Thisis all your fault, you drunken little blackguard 1 " he said, turning savagely on tho Toltiej- who,' now that his excitement had left him, was snivelling and drivelling in an intox icated fashion, and calling him his preserver and his Baas in maudlin accents. " He hit me, Baas ; he hit rao, and I did not take the forage. He is a bad man, Baas Muller." "Be off with yon and get the horses in- spatined ; you are half-drunk," he growled, and, having seen the operation advancing to a conclusion, I10 went to tho sittingroom of the hotel, where Bessie was waiting in happy ignorance of tho disturbance. It was not til! they were well on their homeward way that he told her what had passed, whereat, remembering the scene sho had herself gone through with Frank Muller, ami the threats that lie had then made uso of, sho looked very grave. Her old uncle, too, was much put out when he heard the story on their arrival homo thnt evening, " You have made an enemy, Captain Niel," I10 said, " and a bad one. Not bat what you were right to stand up for tlio Hottentot, j wonld have done as much myself had I been there and ten years younger, but Frank Mailer is not tho man to forgot being put upon his hark before a lot ot Kaffirs aud white folk too. Perhups that Jantjd is sober by now." This conversation took place upon "tho following morning, as thoy sat upon the verandah after breakfast. " I will go and call him, and we will hear what this story is about his father and his mother." Presently he returned, followed bv the ragged, dirty-looking little Hottentot, who took off his hat and squatted down, looking very miserable and ashamed of himself, on the drive iu tho full glare of tho African sun, to tho effects of which he appeared to bo totally im pervious. " Now, Jantje, listen to me," said tho old man. " Yesterday you got drunk again. " Well, I'm uot going to talk about that now, except to say that if I find or hear of your be ing drunk once more — you leavo this place. " " Yes, Baas," said tho Hottentot meekly. " I was drunk, though not very ; I only had half a bottle of Cape Smoke." " By getting drunk you mado a quarrel with Baas Mailer so that blows passed between Baas Muller and the Bail's here on your account, which was moro than you nro worth. Now when Baas Muller had struck yon, you said that ho lind shot your fathor and your mother. Was that a lie, or what did you mean by saying it ?" " It was no lie, Baas," said the Hottentot excitedly. " I have said it onco and I will say it again. Listen, Bans, and I will tell you tho story. ' When I was young — so high — and he hold his hand high enougli to indicate a Tottie of about fourteen years of age — wo, that is, my father, my mother, my undo — a very old man, older than the Baas (pointing to Silas Croft) — were hi j wooers (authorised squatters) on a placo belonging to old Jacob Muller (Bans Frank's father), down in Lvdenburg yonder. It wns a busli-vcldt farm, aud old Jacob used to como down thero with his cattle from tho High veldt in tlio wiutor when there was no grass in the High voldt, aud witluhim camo the Englishwoman, bis wifo, and the young Baas Frank — tho Bans wo saw yesterday." " How long was all this ago?" asked Mr. Croft. Jiuitje counted on his fingers for some seconds, and then held up his baud and opened it four times in succession. " So," ho said, " twenty years last winter. Baas Frank was young then, he had only a littlo down upon liis cliiu, Ouo year when Om Jacob went away, after tho first rains, ho loft six oxen that wero too poor thin to go, with my father nnd told him to look ufter them as though they wero his children. But the oxen wero bewitched. Thrco of them took -the lungsick and died, a lion got one, n snake killed one, and one nto "tulip and died too. So wheu Om Jacob came hack tho next year all the oxen were gone. Ho was vcry augry with my father, and beat liiin with a yoke strap till ho was all blood, and though wo showed him tho bones of tho oxen, he said that we had stolen them and sold thein. "NowOm Jacob hail n beautiful span of black oxon that ho loved like children. Sixteen of them wore there, and they would come "up to the yoke whon ho called them and pnt down their heads of themselves. They wero tamo as dogs. These oxon wero thin whon thoy camo down, but in two months they got fat' and began to want to trek about as oxon do. At this timo there was a Basutu, ono of Seqnati's peoplo, resting in oar bat, for bo had hurt bis foot with a thorn. When Om Jacob foand that tho Basutu was there he was very angry, for ho said that all Basutus wore thieves. So nur father told tho Basutu that the Baas said that ho must go away, and he went that night. Next morning tho span ol black oxen wero gone 199, TI19 Kraa gate was down and the; had 33 gone. We hunted all day, but wo could not And them. Then Oin Jacob got in&d; with rage, and the young Baas Frank told him that ono of the Kaffir boys had said to liiin that ho had heard my father sell tlicra to tho Basutu for sheep which he was to pay to us in tho summer. It was a lie, but Baas Frank hated my father because of something nhout a woman — a Zulu girl. Next morning when we wero asleep, just at daybreak, Om Jacob Muller and Baas Frank and two Kuflirs came into the hut and pulled us out, the old man, my uncle, my father, my mother and myself, and lied us up to four mimosa trees with buffalo reins. Then the Kaffirs went away, and Om Jacob asked my father where the cattle were, and my father told him that he did not know. Then'ho took off his hat and said a prayer to the Big Man in the sky, and when lie had done Baas Frank camo up with a gun nud stood quite close and shot my father dead, and lie fell forward aud hung dead over the rein, his head touching his feet. Then he loaded the gun again and shot the old man, my uncle, and ho slipped down dead, and his hands stuck np in the air against tho rein. Next I10 shot my mother, hut the bullet did not kill hor, and cut the rein, and she ran away, nnd he ran after her and killed her. When that was done lie came back to shoot me j and I was young then, and did not know that it is better to be dead uiuu tu mc iiKc a aog, ana i begged and prayed for mercy white lie was loading the gun. But the Baas only laughed, nnd said he wonld teach Hottentots how to steal cattle, and old Om Jacob prayed out loud to tho Big Man and ' said ho was very sorry for ine, but it was tho dear Lord's will. And fhen, just as Baas Frank lifted the gun, he dropped it again, for there, coming softly, softly over the brow of the hill, and out between tho bushes, wore all tho sixteen oxen. Tliey had got out in the night and strayed away into some kloof for a change ' of pasture, nnd come back when they were' full and tired of being alone. Om Jacob turned quite white and scratched his bend, and then fell upon his knees nud thanked the dear Lord for saving my life; aud just then tho Englishwoman, Baas Frank's mother, came down from the waggon to see what the tiring was at, and when she saw all the people dend. and ine weeping, tied to the tree, and lcarut what it was about, she went quite mad, for some times she had a kind heart -when she was uot drunk, and said that a curse would fall 011 them, nud that they would all die in blood. Aud sho took a knife and cut me loose, though Baas Frank wanted to kill me, so that I might toll no tales ; and I ran away, travelling by night and hiding by day, for I was very much frightened, till I got to Natal, and there I stopped, working in Natal till tho land became English, when Baas Croft hired mo drivo his cart up from Maritzburg ; and living by here I found Baas Frank, looking just tlio same except for his beard. There, Baas, that is the trnth, and all the truth, and that is why I Irate Baas Frank, because he shot ray father and mother, and why Baas Frank hales me, because ho can not forget that he did it aud because I saw him do it, for, as our people say, ' one always hates -a man one has wounded with a spear " aud having finished his narrative, the miserable looking little man picked up his greasy old felt hat that had a leather strap fixed round tlio crown, in which were stuck a couple of frayed _ ostrich feathers, and jammed it down over his ears and then fell to drawing circles on the soil with his long toes. Ills nudi- tors only looked at one another. Such a ghastly tale seemed to he hevoud comment. They never doubted its' truth j'tho man's way of telling it carried conviction with it. And, indeed, two of thein at any rate had heard such stories before. Most people havo who livo in the wilder parts of South Africa, though thoy aro not all to bo taken for gospel. " You say," remarked old Silas at last, " that the woman said that a curse would fall 011 thorn and that they would die in blood? Sho was right. Twelve years ago Oin Jacob and his wifo wero murdered by a party of Mapoch's Kaffirs down on the 'edge of that very Lydcnburg veldt There was a great noise about it at the timo, I remember, but nothing came of it. Baas Frank was not there. He was away shooting buck, so he escaped and in herited all his father's farms and cattle and came to livo here." ' ' So, " 6aid the Hottentot, without showing the slightost interest or surprise. ' I know it would be so, but I wish I had been there to see it. I saw that there was a devil in the woman, and that thoy would dio as sho said. When thero is a dovil in peoplo thoy always speak the truth because they can't help it. Look, Bass, I draw a circle in the sand with my foot, anillsay words so, and at lost tho ends ' touch. Thero, that is the circle of Om Jacob and his wife tho Englishwoman. The ends liavo touched nnd they ore dead. An old witch doctor taught mo how to draw tho circlo of a mnn's life and what words to say. And now I draw another of Baas Frank. Ah, -there is n stouo sticking up — in the way. Tho ends will not touch. But now I work and work and work with my foot, and say the words nud say tho "words, and so— tho stono comes up aud the ends toucti now. So it is with Baas Frank. Ouo day tlio stono will como up and the ends will touch, nud ha too will dio in blood. Tho devil in the English woman said so, and devils cannot lie or speak half tho truth only. And now, look, I rub iny foot over the circles and tliey aro gone, nnd there is only the path again. That means that wheu they havo died in blood they will bo quite forgotten aud stamped out. Even their graves will bo flat," aud he wrinkled up his yollow face into a smile, or rather a grin, and. then,;, added in a matter of fact way': — ' "Does the Bass wish the groy lhsre to' havo'.'" ono bundle of green forago or: two?" 