THE POLITICAL DEADBEAT. '' An Old 'Un's Appeal Ad Misericordiam. «' I have found him a, double-faced leuavo, 'Whom no generosity conKl lcoop honest ; — . Who would rather lose' by it lie than gain by the truth. . ' ? (CriiON Foxall, in TnE Bhqgar on IfousiiiJAck.). . ,. ,\ ' ? Sm *Enry P. — Loquitur. ? ' ? Gome round' The Old Man'— give an oar to his sorrow, . , ' Political Mountebank, played out at last ; His : trimming1 and dodging won't brighten the \- ?, morrow': ' ' There's nothing to cheer in the voice of the past. - , ? For good thirty years has his life been a juggle, i His every profession to friends all my eye ; — ? Now the little game's up, and he feels the last , .gags16* There's poor: consolation in I — Myself — I. ? You'll say I've ' come down,' to be asking for Who rode ao rough-shod, as the saintly ' I am ;' .' 'While my old-pals all turn a deaf ear to the . ditty j— ' ,T. D.,' and the Doctor, no longer stand Sam, And when bumptious ' Old Jack' was a little bit mixed, he Stuck me up hard and fast, in the d ? 1's own fix ; — . . . When lie set himself down as supported by sixty Aud said that Sir 'Envy could only bring six, L3ce plenty ~ before me, I've damned my position, \- By leaving old messmates to paddle alone ; My day-dreains were all of a strong Coalition, Myself the Dictator .'—The game all my own ! lit things are not now, as in days that we wot of, With Watson and Eenwick, and other such men; For Governors think they can choose from a lot '-. . of Good Ministers, youngerjthan three scoreand , . ? . , ten. My ' tail ' of half-dozen- will never pass muster ; ? A terrible job- lot, we all must confess ; 1 And I don't want to try such an out-and-out buster, As landed Sir John in. this deuce of a mess. \- I thought I had Garvan ; but somehow he slip ped me, '. And no white man knows what is- Ms little game ; ..'??/'. With all my low cunning, the Eden Man's ? ? ' pipped me j ' He trusts to himself, not to me, forhis fame. 'Once Dalley and Hi went to talk Himmigra tion; — ' ? ? (One does come across some incongruous . pairs : — ) -But- we didn't agree long in stumping the ' ' ? Nation ;— His culture was shock'd by my ' Brummagem Wares.' 'Since then Fin well known as a leary old ' striag . ' . gler.;V- . ' We're both on the platform of politics still ; — iButthe country's full up of Sir 'Enry Paiijug . .-. gler'j— He's respected and honour'd, though only 'Plain Bill.' isLfter years as a Despot, 'mid Silvertails thriving, Hob-nobbing with Princes and Dukes I have met; Retiring, returning, now scheming, conniving, With all sorts of people, for something to . get :— It's hard this political last rose of summer, Deserted by friends, is. left fading alone ; TSfot a soft-goodaman handy, to join in a rummer ; Hut a d — d reputation most hopelessly blown. For -'Vases' and RuUish I've tried Yokohama ; ISasA useless old organ was sold me for new 5 AurfU E dragg'd from their graves many ghosts at Kiaina, 1 'Waffle, my ' Benedict' henchman, and ' Myers' thine Jew. . . ? ? Time was I'd be nothing unless, the '.First BSernon;' But vkow, I'm hardup, with no houses in fee, 'I'll retire with O'Dan, if he'll paddle with me,, man 5 — It's ' th« first thing that hoffers' for 'Enery P. ! ; , ; / nepos. Our Irish -Letter.— We commend to the peru ' ? sal of our readers the letter from our Irish cor respondent which appears on page 8. Not only ? -are the subjects treated of 'racy of the soil,' but the mode of treatment is of that gossipy order so delightful to the Irish reader. As an evidence that our correspondent keeps well ?- abreast of the times, we direct attention to that , passage of the letter in which the writer says the ?''Sydney 'Freeman had just reached Dublin con -' taining ithe lettei\ which had been written beside ! theMffey less than, three months before. -' -vWe ' understand 'that the Very Eev. Father . '''Gallagher,- president of St. Patrick's College, will, :-'at the request' of Cardinal Moran, preach in St. 1 -i- Mary's Cathedral; Sydney, on St. Patrick's Day. 'Our Bathurst correspondent says that every ''thing connected with the banquet to Mr. John ''Meagher, J.P.yis going on well. Ladies will be ap,dmitted to dress circle of the hall, ' . ' ?' 