CRUEL LONDON. A ROMANCE OP REAL LIFE. ' BY, JOSEPH HATTON. Author of " Cly tie," " Christopher Kenrick," Ac. BOOK n. CHAPTER XIIL— Continued. " loll me about your English firesides, Jack," said Tristram, his eyes fixed upon tho red-glow ing logs. " Perhaps Caroline Denton is sitting by one of them, I should like to think so, sitting with her grim old father. Ah, he was a hard oia man. was aecesn Denton, as they caiica mm. It wasn't my fault that I was a Federal soldier ) it was the chance of birth. A man can't help it if he's born in tho north ; everybody can't bo born in Maryland or Virginia. What we aro born at all for is a mystery to me. But talk of England, Jack, tho only placo whero it seems to me it's ever really Christmas. When I was a boy, I always used to look at the pictures in the books and papers my father got from Eng land, and read the ghost stories and about the yule log3 and things, ' and the Christmas bells ringing across the snow. Ther/s plenty of snow here, Jack ; we only want the bells, my boy, wo only want the bells. I hopo she has got a fireside to sit by, Jack, don't you ?" " I do, old man ; and I feel sure she has." 44 He said he'd sooner kill her than she should marry a man who had lifted a rifle against his beloved South ; and when I said if I had known him and his daughter, I would have foresworn my birthright rather than have offended him, he only shrugged his shoulders impatiently. How was I to know he and shewere living away out there in Maryland when I marched with the boys against the robs 1 You talk of beauty, Jack, yon should. bave scon that little »Southcrn girl. My God I And I loved her as if I. made up for only knowing her a fortnight by putting a life time into those fourteen days. Let's have a drink, Jack." " Wo will, old man, we will said Kerman, rising and fetching a bottle of brandy from a rough but capacious cupboard ; "a jorum, a hot old glass of grog, Tristy, and we'll wish ourselves all the good things of the season." He hung a kettle over the fire ; he brought forth glasses, and a jar of lime juice. . "I've got ono of my. talking Ills on, Jack; it's rather rough on you ; but you won't talk, and somebody must keep the game alive on Christmas Eve. Perhaps you'd like a hand at .cards, Jack; let's play for the chest, and the claim, and the Gulch, and the hut and the whole lot ; that'll wake you up." , "No, Tristy, cards will wake me up no more." " I shall not forget the night when you stood between rao aud that murdering thief at Sharky Nat's liell ; you're a brave fellow, Jack, you don't know how brave you were that night. You English fellows never do know. You ought to have been laid out that nigh, Jack." ' " I expect I didj" said Kerinan, measuring the brandy and lime juice, and pouring it into a jug." " You saTsd my life, and how yon got off without a knife in your heart or a bullet iu your brain baug mo if I know." "'Luck, old man, luck," replied Kerman. "I'm going to walk about a bit," said Tristam getting up from his cushions and skins. "I'm going to help you brew the punch." " That's rigllt said Koriaan, " bravo I" Wc shall make a merry Christmas of it yet. Get mo the sugar, Tristy." The American staggered a little as he crossed the floor of the cabin, but he opened the cup board and struggled with a great jar of sugar which he managed to place upon the table. "By the sacred stars and stripes, Jack, I fed ever so much bettor than I. did two hours ago. What a wonderful thing if I should get bet ter ?" "If you should get better! You shall old man, you shall," said the Englishman, laidling the sugar, with a wooden spoon in tho jug. " But, supposing, Jack, I should get better only to find that we arc buried alive. You don't know what snow means in the Sacramento, my dear friend. You don't know." Tristram spoko solewuly, and looked into the face of bis friend. " And is that how thou art going to talk just as soon as thou gets a bit better? Thou art a nice Job's comforter, .13 owd Kestcr o' tho Manor Farm in the Marsh would say." "I like to hear you do that dialect, Jack, be cause I know vou are happy, thiukiug of your native land. 1 should like to sec it. I suppose old Secesh Denton did take his daughter across, he said lie should in another name, and that they should forget and be forgotten. I was a poor devil theu, or I should never have left the n.f unci T null- primn niittn tills claim in the hope of getting money enough to fiud them and make them rich without them knowing where the gold came from. That was my plan. For I don't think that bitter old cuss had a thousand dollars left, out of all be was once;worth." The American bad sat down again while he was talking, and Kerman had brewed the grog. " Now, old man," said Jack, " let's wish each other a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year." They each took a steaming tumbler of punch, which Jack poured out, and repeated together, "A Merry Christmas aud a Happy New Ycar."i . 14 That's the regular thing," said Kerman, jug in hand. "Now then, we will driuk to Jaue and Caroline, married or 6inglc, God bless them 1" Herman's voice trembled, and Tristram said "God bless them 1" adding, "married or siuglo ; that's got too much bitters, Jack." 44 You Americans like bitters," said Kerman, " and I have begun to think they're good. I heard a fellow 6ing a song at the Footlightcrs' Club in London, called 4 Life's a Bumper, filled by Fate,' and I often think Fate's given you and me an extra dose of bitters ; hut it's better to 'nni KtraiL'hfc and not comnlain : so I sav.' married or single. I've every reason to think Jaue s married. I know Miss Caroliuc Denton's iiappinessus all you care for ; and women do get married, Tristy, old man. and there's snow aud ice and seas between us and the girls we love. It's true your little lady knows you love her; my great-hearted Liucolnsbire lass doen't know I care much about her ; I didn't know it my self till it was too late. Ah, well, it can't be helped. I 'expect we are a couple of old fools, Tristy. Now I'm jawing awav like a Yankee Orator — no stopping me once Irm set going, and I wanted you to do all the talking to-night." He drained his glass, pulled out a pipe, lighted it, sat down, and commeuced to smoke. I don't think your ideas of lore exactly fit in with mine," said Tristram musingly. 44 llave a cigar," Haid Kerman, " and tell me your ideas." 44 Yes, I'll have a smoke ; how many cigars have we ?" "0, plenty," replied Kcrmrui, going to the cupboard and bringing out a handful, ''plenty to see us into the spring." 44 Plenty because you leave them all to me. I believe you'd swear you hated braudy, if you tbonglit there wasn't enough for both of us, you're a queer generous, old cuss, Jack, that that you are." The American lighted his cigar and the two men smoked silently for somo time, looking iuto tho fire. They pretended not to notice the hiss ing which the red logs made ever' now and then, telling of tho continued falling of snow. Tho firelight threw weird flashes upon the rough wooden benches, upon the blackened hearth, and up among the multifarious tools, cooking utensils, dried fish, hams, herbs, and kettles that hung upon the cross beams beneath the tarred timber roof. " Look here, Jack," said Tristram, presently. 44 The better6tho day Ahoy say, the better tho deed. I've made my will ; I wish I'd done it before tho the enow came, because I guess it'll be a long time before Old Chump or any of 'cm can get up here from the Red Indian bar, or the camp down yonder, and I wouldn't wonder if they're not all buried down there before the week's out. I knew what I was about when I prospected this claim, and fixed ou Landell's Corner for our brown stone front. Trust an old hand ; I guess we re two of the richest men m uaiifarma ; at least, one of us will be, Jack — one of us. Hand out your pons aud paper, I'm going to sling ink." 44 No, no, sit anict, and let us talk." "I thought I'was the Boss here," said Tris tram, with an acted air of authority. 44 You're the Boss ; yes, old man, you're the Boss." 44 Very well, then, I tell yon I'm going to sling ink, old John Bull. I've made my will, and I'm just going to write it out ; it's not ex actly a will, it's just to show I've no title to the gold nor the claim, and that it is all yours, J ack ; pull it out, John Bull, and let us have a look at it." "I'm going to do what you ask me, Tristy, just to please you and pass tho time, that's all, miud. I'd rather yon didn't writo anything, and I don't want you to look at that dross ; it seems to me that we ought to be thinking of something more serious than money matters. I'll bet a trifle there will be no opening tho door in the morning." 44 Serious I Now there's a crusty old cuss, j never was more serious iu my iife. Money 1 Don't despise money." "If it could buy us a track down to tho camp, a highway into the valley, and a freo passage through tho snow, I would worship it. I have known what it is to havo money, as much as a man could want, but not more tlinr. a fno) can spend." « x thougnt you had. I guessed it long ago, but you are as close as a1 clam, you will never tell a man about it; you're, all. alike, you English fellows who come out here, you've all got some secret along aud' you chew it like 4 Yank, with an everlasting quid in yout mouth." . , " 0, no, it's no secret ; I had a heap of money left me. I was an ignorant, conceited chap, and I went to London with it to be a gentleman, and I worked at boing a gcutlcman as hard as 1 you aiid me have worked together getting these chests filled." 44Loudonl" mused Tristram.: "I'll never see your London, Jack." 44 You needn't want to, though you'd know how to deal with it. I thou glit I did ,_bu t Tho cxcIubIto right of publication iu Now fljuth Wales has been purchased by the proprietors of "Tho Dully Telogruph." London's liko one- of - them flash women of Frisko— fine tolook at, cruel as — "The snow," said the' American. "D'ye hear how it hisses in tbe.firc ? and I thought I I heard the wind ; hope not." " Crueller than the snow, Tristy, because you know what the snow means ; it looks you hard and cold in tho face, aud begins to wall you in and spin your winding sheet. But London cheats you all the time, it robs yon on the score of friendship, and it will trample on love and everything men and women hold dear, for money j and when you'vo got no money left, it jeers at you and leaves yon to starve. One day, my boy, I was rich, the next day I was poor. I went to the docks and bought my passage to New York, gave the agout a hundred pounds, so that I couldn't touch it, and then I went out to havo a last look round ; I thought I'd try what London was made of. X went to a swell club, which my money got mc into, I borrowed ten pounds of a man, just to pay a billiard debt, hadn't my cheque book about me, I said : be gave it inc at once. Then I went to a dear friendj to whom I had rendered many services. told him I was ruined utterly beyond hope, ana begged bim to lend mc a hundred pounds ; he asked mo if I thought he was a fool, and turned away. Presently the man who had lent me the : ten pounds came, and hummed, aud hah'd, and 'said, on second thoughts, he wanted that ten pouud uote himsglf ; the other friend had split on nie. I took the trouble to listen to the con versation of three or four men iu the anJoke- roora. . I stood in the shadow behind the screen. They said I'd come to grief at last, and served mo right. My affected generosity was damned ostentation. I was a pretentious, agricul tural booby. I hadn't the courage to come ont and acknowledge their compliments ; I sneaked away through the busy streets, with the lights flashing, and went to the docks, got into my berth ; tiic next day wo dropped down the Thames, and I was happy. I'd done my best to make others happy, and I seemed as if I'd just earned my liberty." "I like' to hear you talk," said tho American, " let me get into my bunk, Jack, and theu talk me to sleep, I feel like that ; but tell me about that old house where you were reared, with tho fire on the hearth aud the dog aud that girl, and the old woman." The American turned into his berth ; Kerman trimmed the oil lamp : put another log on the fire ; brewed more punch ; re-lighted his pipe ; and talked all the time to his friend, who lay dozing and listening like a child soothed by an old wife's story. 44 It's all so different in England, old man, everything's finished, tho land is under regular cultivation ; as for that old Kitchen at the Manor Farm, there's uotbiug like it on this side; at Christmas wc used to briug in a great log and pack it on a red coal fire ; you could sit in ingle nook, and there was a great kcttlo singing ou tho hob, and Jaue would come in and help Kestcr to make a groat spiced bowl, hot aud steaming, with dried applt. floating on the ton ; and the farm men would sit round the firo and then the waits would sing about the Babe of Bctheiheui ; nud—— Here Kerman paused. Tbe American was sleeping calm and still. Kerman went to the door. The entrance to the cabin was half block ed up with snow. A bank of it three or four feet high fell in upon him. He covered Decker up to protect him from tho wind and then at tacked the snow witli a shovel. He now wished that they had engaged men to help them in the gulch, or given more of the miners at Nipper's Creek a sfiaro of the claim so that they might have had neighbours to help in this battle with winter. It was hard work, one spade against a world of snow. But the Euglish miner worked with a will, until long after miduight ; and day light brought ample evidence of the bard neces sity of liis labors. (TO HE CONTINUED.) 