A WOMAN'S ERROR. All visitors who camec had something to say in praise of Mrs. Rivers. Most of them had been to see the schools, and the gentle, graceful governess, whose reputa tion was spreading far and wide, even as the perfume of a violet spreads when the flower is hidden. These constant praises made some impression npon Lady Lyle. Everyone said how this patient, tender woman loved little children; they told some pretty stories of her care and wisdom, and of the wonderful love the children bore her. Lady Lyle, pleased with herself and the whole world besides, said, one morn ing, that perhaps Mrs. Rivers, who was so fond of children, would like to see her baby. Sir Vivian smiled, thinking, from peeress to peasant, all women were alike proud of their own; he made no qbjec tion, and Lady Lyle told Rupert that when he rode by thle cottage he might give her message to Mrs. Rivers. So one morn ing-it was the end of May then-Rupert called and told what my lady had said. He wondered why Mrs. Rivers turned so white and seemed for a few minutes, unable to stand. 'You will come?' he said. 'I should so like you to see my baby brother.' She wrung her hands in silent anguish. 'How could she-how could she? It 'would? kill her.' And the boy looked at her with such wondering eyes, she was obliged to control herself. 'I hope you will come,' he said. 'I should like to show you my room, and the books papa gave me on my last birthday. Do come, Mrs. Rivers.' She could not resist the pleading of the boy's face. He wanted to show her his little possessions-the proof of his father's love; his eyes, of expectation, were rivetted on her face. 'I will go,' she said, faintly; and she was rewarded by the glow on his face. 'I am so glad! ' he cried. 'Lady Beatrice is very proud, you know; she would never have forgiven you, had you refused. My lady thinks the highest honour she can pay anyone is to ask them to see little Lance.' 'Is he pretty ?' she asked, with the old burning jealousy at her heart. 'The baby ?-oh, yes; beautiful ! They say he is the very image of Sir Vivian; and papa, you know, is a handsome man.' 'Is he-Sir Vivian-pleased?' she asked again. ' I think so,' said the boy. 'But when he kissed the baby, I saw tears in his eyes. Perhaps he was thinking of my mother. He loved her so dearly; better than any one else in the world, I am sure.' 'Do you think so ?' she asked; and the sick, wearied heart thrilled with joy. ' Why ? 'I know it,' said Rupert, decisively. 'He looks so quiet and sad sometimes When' I go to him, ask hi:n shat he is thinking of, he always says, 'Your mother, boy." She caiught her breath with a little fluttering sob. 'She had been right, after all,' she thought. 'He loved her memory, dead, better than he loved sersell living. In the midst of her desol.tion ahd anguish she felt that her sacrifice had not been in vain. He was happy, and if she had not made it, he would never hasie been so. She walked, and Rupert rode on his chestnut pony, back to the I-lHall. only God knew what she suffered when she caught sight of her old home. There was the park, through which her husband had driven her on the day she came home a bride; there was the broad flight of steps, on the top of which Sir Vivian had stood when he thanked his tenants and friends for the welcome they had given her; there were the fountains, the flowers she had loved and tended, the windows of the rooms where she had led so happy yet so wretched a life. One thing she knew: Mrs. Lyle would niot be there to increase the danger of detection. Sir Vivian had lost his mother soon after his second marriage. She died calmly and happy, the great wish of her heart fulfilled-Beatrice was her son's wife. She--the pale, sad woman, clad in deep mourning, and half hidden, by her thick crape veil--- entered the home that. had been. hers, and a strange awe fell upos her as she did so. The old familiar sights and du6~ids, the windows of stained glass, the /'pictures and statues, the flowers that had been her great delight-all these had been hers once; and where she stood now, poor; unknown, and obscure, she had once stood, the loveliest bride ever brought to Lyle Court. Rupert was very kind to her, as it was the boy's natuire to be to all whom he con sidered to be his inferiors. He pointed out ito her everything he thoughit most worthy of notice. . bir Vivian,- passing through the hall, :overheard himn, and pleased at this pioof of ani amiable dis position, he joined them for half a .moment, telling his son to show Mrs. Rivers all thelpictures in the house, itf she liksd them. How little-ahb I dear heaven, how little-he dreamed who the patient, gentle woman was I ' I will show you' my mother's portrait,' whispered Rupert, as Sir Vivian went away. . She had such a lovely face I so sweet and fair.' Then came· a maid to say that Lady Lyle was in her boudoir. 'I must not go withl you, I suppose,' said Rupert, looking wistfully at her. 'Lady Beatrice never asks me there. I should like to see you nursing little. Lance.' SShe followed the maid up the broad mnirble staircase, with its crimson cloth and stands of flowers. How often she h ?l trodden those same stairs, carrying ~liipert in her arms. In a few minutes, trembling and shrinking, wondering and fearing, ,he stood in Lady Lyle's boudoir. It was;'n't the room she had used, the one that had been fitted for her with such care, Even in the midst of her bewilder. ment she noticed that the door of her old room was locked, and Sir Vivian never parted with the key. She stood at the door, hardly daring to enter, yet thinking that she had never seen anything so beautiful as Lady Beatrice holding the little baby in her arms. ' Good-morning, Mrs. Rivers,' she said, graciously; .'I knew you had a holiday to-day, and' as you are so fond of children, I thought you would like to see my dear ,little baby. \' You are very kind,' said a faint voice, and Lady Lyle believed the gentle woman to be overcome by the soft luxurious splendour of 'the room, and by her own condescension. 'I hope,' she continued, blandly, ' that Syou are well. I often hear of you; it will be quite a pleasure for me to see my schools again.' But Mrs. Rivers never heard the words; her eyes were fixed on the babe. 11er husband's child, with her husband's face -and this woman, who had tr?dted her so cruelly, for its mother. Thle colour flushlcd in her pale face, then died away, leaving her white as marble. 'You would like to hold my baby in your arms?' said Lady Beatrice, with graciocs patronage; and, without a word, Mrs. Rivers took the child from her. 'Sir Vivian's child. Rupert's brother,' Her eyes filled with tears, which dropped upon thie richly embroidered dress the baby wore. ' Is he not like Sir Vivian ?' asked the proud mother. 'He resembles him a thousand times more than his eldest son does.' 'He is very beautiful,' she murmured, bending over the fair little form; 'beautiful as an angel.' 'Sir Vivian's eldest son has more of his mother's face,' said Lady Beatrice, 'and she was not beautiful.' The listener who sat so silent holding the lovely babe, would fain have made a reply, but she dare not. 'It is only natural,' continued hler lady ship, 'that Ishould deeply regret mny little Lancelot is not heir of Lyle. What is the matter, Mrs. Rivers? Are you frightened ?' CHAPTER XI. Lady Lyle had some reason for asking the question. Mrs. Rivers had started so violently, the child almost fell from her arms.. Two ideas had suddenly occurred to her: the first was, how cruelly Lady Beatrice would use Rupert, now that he stood between her own child and fortune. She would doubtless torture him as she had done her; mnake his life wretched, poison Sir Vivian's mind, if that were possible, against him. She foresaw, and with truth, endless sorrow for her most beloved son. The second thought, not much less painful, was the wrong she had unconsci ously done to the mother and child. She was Sir Vivian's lawful wife, Rupert his legitimate son. What were the two before her? She shrank shivering from the thought. When she made what she believed a most heroic sacrifice she had not forseen this. What was that proud, stately lady, after all ? Not Sir Vivian's lawful wife, although she believed herself to be so. And it struck her suddenly, as she sat there, that if she had designed the greatest injury, the most deadly revenge against this her rival, she could not have done more.than she had done now. More closely than ever must she guard her wretched secret--more closely than ever must she adhere to her disguise. The proud head of the woman before her, and the innocent head of the helpless child, should never be bent low in shame and disgrace for her error. She had not forseen this-truly as that she must one day die, she had not forseen it. She had made her sacrifice, believing that no one save herself would suffer, for getting the contingencies that might arise; and this was one of them. What, in the eyesof the law and of men, were Lady Beatrice and her little child? What if ever, by ary remote, unforseen chance, her fatal secret were maide known l What would become of them? Well might the fragile hands that held little Lance tremble -well might the troubled face under the crape veil grow ghastly in its despair. 'I did not think I should ever like children,' Lady Lyle was saying when her visitor forced back her thoughts and atten tion ; ' but I love my baby.' She murmused something to the effect that it was quite naturali thinking to her self that she would suffer any agony life or death could inflict, rather than ever bttray her own identity. SDo you think Lancelot a good name ?' Lady Lyle was asking, when the door opened and her husband entered. What would that unhappy womanr have given to escape! She was obliged to remain obliged to hear the kindly words Sir Vivian said to his wife-obliged to sit, with throbbing Iheart and burning brain, while he drew his wife's shawl carefully around her, saying that she looked pale and cold. Then lie crossed the room ani went over to her, touching the baby's little face with his hands, then bending down and kissing it; just as years ago he had done to hlier son. 'He is a grand little fellow, Mrs. Rivers, is Ie not ?' asked Sir Vivian, and she bowed assent. From her hieart, there arose a wild prayer to God for help and mercy; her courage was failing, her strength leaving her. How could she bear it? Yet she said to herself, it was her punishment, and she must endure it to the bitter, end. Then Lady Lyle took little Lance from her, as a sign that the interview, was ended. She rose to withdraw. 'If you are fond of pictures, Mrs. Rivers,' said Sir Vivian, 'Rupert will show you our collection; it is considered a very fine one.' She remembered the day when, leaning on his arm, she had inspected all the gems of art collected by the Lyles for genera tions past. She remembered how, when her own portrait was taken, Sir Vivian had declared that picture surpassed in beauty any other the house contained. Remem bering all this, she bowed her thanks, but spoke no word. SI think,' said Sir Vivian, 'that you have quite won that boy's heart, Mrs. Rivers; he seems to like being with you better than anyone else.' And again the dark-robed figure bowed. Wondering at her persistent silence, and attributing it, as his wife did, to awe and timidity, Sir Vivian passed out. 'I am waiting for you,' said Rupert, as she came to the stairs. 'Now we will go and look at.my'.other's picture. It used to hang in thie drawing-room, but Lady Beatrice sent it here to the library.'. Talking, as he always did, gaily and naturally, Rupert led her to the library. How well she remembered it; the dark oaken furnituire, the crimson carpet, the fragrant flowers the long windows that looked over the park, the crowded book shelves. When the door opened, a whole rush of memories overwhelmed her. The boy went into the room first, and she followed him. ''There,' he said proudly; 'have you ever seen such a face as that, Mrs. Rivers ? So fair, so true, and sweet 1 That is my mother.' She was almost afraid to raise her eyes to her own face. Herheart beat, and her brain burned; but it must be done I Slowly she raised her eyes, and looked into the pictured loveliness of those before her. Ah, heaven I was she ever like that-so lovely, so bright; a glorious sheen on the golden hair, a bright light in the starry eyes? Such fair, dimpled beauty; such purity of expression-was she ever like that ? Long and steadily she gazed on that beautiful face. That was Violante Temple, sister of the young hero who died in that far-off land, and, dying, had remembered her. WVho was she, standing there-the wraith, the ghost of that fair young girl? Surely not the same I T Is site not beautiful ?' cried Rupert. 'In all the pictures here, there is not another face like hers.' ''There is no sorrow in it,' she said, gently; 'it is light and bright.' 'My mother had no sorrow,' said the boy, proudly. 'Whenever I remember her, I think of the old proverb-'Whom the gods love die young.' She was very happy; my father says she did not change much in becoming an angel.' Then they had been merciful to her memory. Even her enemy, Lady Bea trice, had spared her, believing her lying dead. Her son knew nothing of the fatal unhappiness; they bad spoken well of her to him. She thanked God for that. ' Shall we go into the gallery now ?' he asked. ' I am so glad, Mrs. Rivers, you have seen my mother's face. You will iunderstand me better now when I speak of her, shall you not ?' 'Yes,' she murmured, softly. ' I have always understood you well; perhaps it is because I love my own lost boy so well.' 'That may be,' he said. 'I do not know why it is, but you remind me of my mother more than anyone I have ever met. She was gentle, and yet full of sweet wisdom, tender and simplein her manner, as you are. Will you come to the gallery now, Mrs. Rivers ?' 'Let me have two pleasures instead of one,' shesaid. 'I take with me the memory of your mother's picture. I should prefer coming another time to visit the gallery.' She longed to be away: the strain upon her nerves was so great, she could not endure much more. She must go out into the leafy solitudes of thle woods, where she could cry aloud in her anguish, and none could hear. 'How do you like little Lance ?' said Rupert, as he went with her to the door. 'He will be a handsome boy. I wish my lady would let me touch him sometimes; she always seems afraid that I shall break him.' She smiled adieu; she had not strength for another word, Down the broad steps, through the lawn and the pleasure-grounds, into the park she went, where the birds sang as though no sorrow had ever darkened the world. No one was there, thank God. She could weep to her heart's content; she could cry aloud; she could call upon Heaven for help, and human eyes would not see her. She plunged still more deeply into the leafy shade; the tall trees grew wild there-their thick branches were entwined like giant arms caressing; the blue sky was almost hidden by the dense foliage, flowers grew sweet and wild at the foot of the trees; and there she knelt, in the abandonment of her sorrow. It was a luxury to be able to fling herself on the ground and weep at will. She had controlled herself so long, she had driven back the burning tears from her eyes, she had held with an iron hand thle vast sorrow that was hers, that nw there was even a luxury in her passionr of grief. She leaned her desolate head against the ivied trunk of an old oak tree; she clasped her tender arms round it. In this the supreme hour of her abandonment and grief, there was no human heart for her to lean upon, no kindly hand to wipe the tears from her aching eyes. God, in His mercy, keep us from such tears as those. The whole sorrow of her life seemed renewed in them. Remem bering that hour in after years, she wondered that grief had not killed her. When she could weep no longer, she tried to think. The full consequences of her act had not come to her yet. That was reserved for another day; but she saw plainly, now, the wrong she had done to Lady Beatrice and her child. She must guard her secret with double zeali now; she had a double motive for it. Her son revered, nay, idolized her memory. Lady Beatridce had concealed from him all that she used to taunt her with. For very gratitude's sake she must guard her ri'al's fair name. Because Lady Beatrice had spared her son, she would spare her, let the temptation be what it might. 'There was no fear now,' she said to herself. 'She had stood with her hus band in their own home, and he had not recsgnisdd her. She had stood with her son before her own picture, and be had not known her. She had held the child of her mortal foe in her arms, and that woman still believed her dead. There was no fear; but if discovery ever should come, what should she do ? Then, in deed, would Sir Vlvian turn round and curse her; then would her son blush to hear her. name.' She began to have a faint, vague idea that she had donewrong; that the sacri fice she had believed to be so noble, was, after all, a crying evil; a deadly wrong to herself and others. The words that had driven her to it were-' If she were dead, he would be free !' She had forgotten what he would do with his freedom ; that with it he could love and marry another. Let it be wrong as it might, she must carry it through now. She only prayed Heaven the punishment of it might fall on her alone. What would be said of her, should it be discovered ? Ah, they would perhaps be merciful, they who told the story, and say it was a woman's error after, all; a mis taken notion, a mistakensi sacrifice. They could say nothing harder than that ofher, say what they would. So she rose wheri her weeping and passion of grief were ended, and walked back through the evening gloaming to her little home, while Sir Vivian and Lady Beatrice spoke much of her, praising her gentle, graceful manner, her retiring, quiet habits; and Sir Vivian declared that she reminded him forcibly of some one, but he could not remember who it was. And Lady Beatrice kissed her baby, little dreaming whose salt tears had fallen on its little face. CHAPTER XII. D. Hearne was one of the gravest and most serious of men, He could laugh, but such an event very rarely happened. He could even enjoy a joke, but then it must be a very solemn one; he enjoyed the mighty and ponderous sayings of Dr. Johnson; he would not have understood a jest ol Tom Hood's. He had been for several years at college, and the friends he selected there were all of the serious type--grave, learned, and austere. The living of Thornleigh was given to him by Sir Vivian's father. Dr. Hearne was, too, a dabbler in literatuie, but it was literature of a most grave and' learned kind. He never opened a novel; he considered history and biography.as slight reading; poetry was not his taste. He had written some very learned essays on the origin of Greek verbs, on Hebrew characters, and Latin idioms; and those essays being the work of a talented man, had made for him a solid reputation,. With all his gravity-his I:aning towards everything grave and ser;ous Dr. Hearne had a certain child-lik: a sim plicity about him that charmed a'l who knew him. He had one of the kindest hearts ever given to man; he felt for all sorrow, synspathised with all distress, relieved as far as lay in his power, all wants. No one ever asked hIis aid and was refused; no one ever appealed to him for assistance or compassion, and appealed in vain. Add to these qualities that he was up right, just, and pious, rather eloquent than otherwise in speech, humble in his opinion of himself, and you have a fair idea of Dr. Hearne's character. In person he was tall. upright, with a strong, well built figure; a grave, yat pleasing face; dark eyes and hair; a firm, well-closed mouth; white, shapely hands; a gentle manly carriage and bearing. Such was Dr. Hearne, as he sat alone in his dining room one June evening, when the air was heavy with perfume and bright with sun shine. All his life he had been noted for one peculiarity- his avoidance of the fair sex. Except in the way of duty, Dr. Hearne seldom, if ever, spoke to a woman. He would rebuke a sinner, console a sufferer, counsel one in doubt; but there it ended. No one ever saw Dr. Hearne seat himself by a woman's side, to while away the time in conversation. No one ever saw him talking to young girls or older matrons. His opinion of the sex no one knew, either; he never talked of women. It is to be feared that, somewhere in the depths of his mind, he had an idea that they were a mistake, that creation would have been more harmonious without them. As for love-except so far as the marriage ceremony was concerned, he had never given it a thought. It was a frivolous business, only fit for boys and girls; what had learned divines to do with such matters; he had never looked in a woman's face to see if it were fair; he had never clasped a woman's white hand in his; he had never whispered 'sweet nothings' in a woman's ca-. He thought more of the matter of one sermon than of all the love-making there had ever been from Adam downwards. As for marriage-he had not given it a thought. The Rectory wasa comfortable house; the housekeeper a staid, elderly person, who attended to all his comforts. A wife would have been sadly in the way. But a change was coming over him. No woman's face had ever hinunted him, no woman's voice made music in his ear. But now one face shone upon him night and day. Onesweet, low voice was ever in his ears. He was unconscious of the spell. He believed himself to be very zealous over the education of the chlidren; he visited the school daily, and remained there longer than he had ever done. If any one had told him the governess was the attraction, Dr. Hearne would have been horritied; nevertheless it was so. She was so quiet, so modest, so graceful; there was something in her fair, patient face so unlike anything he had ever seen before, that the doctor's eyes followed her with pleasure. He liked to see the gentle hand laid tenderly on the curly head of a village child. He liked to hear the low, cooing voice in which she persuaded even the most intractable of children. He liked to sit and watch the graceful movements of the slender figure; ttey pleased him as a delicious strain of fresh music would have done. He did not know--he had not the faintest idea, but in good truth he had fallen most earnestly in love with the governess, and he found it out at last. He found that the brightest joy in life was the one he had completely ignored. Why did he dream all night of this face, and think of it all day ? He opened a book of learned lore, and, lo i there it was. He looked up into the starry sky, and it was shining down upon him, pure and pale. He looked athwart the waving branches of green trees, and it was there; so sweet, so sad, so fair and true. No brightness of young beauty, but a gentle calm of heaven-not earth. And the fancy camne to him, what would his home be like if that face were ever by his fireside ? And when he asked himself that question, the good rector knew that he must be in love. The discovery filled him with dismay. What should he do? How was he to act ? How could he possibly tell her he cared for her, and wished to make her his wife? Then came a difficulty greater still. What would the world say if he married the governess? He, whose society was courted by all the people of note in the county. Would they receive her as his wife? The time came when even that question became of no moment, compared with his great love. Who was like her ? 01 all the high-born ladies he knew, theie was not one to compare with her. All irresolution died away at last. The doctor sat, this June evening, in his dining-room, fully resolved to ask Mrs. Rivers to marry him. He had dined well. He had enjoyed, in strict moderation, a glass of excellent wine, and his humours was a most genial one. He was picturing to himself how comfortable it would be, if the pale, sweet face he loved were opposite to him. It struck him for the first time that perhaps women had an honourable place in creation after all. He was resolved. He would ask Mrs. Rivers to marry him. But how was he to do it? What words should he use? Surely it would not be expected that he, a clergyman, should kneel-that would be lecidedly infia dmr. How did people make love? He must try his fate, and do the best he could. So, while the sweet evening air thrilled with the song of nightingales, while the flower yielded their sweetest perfume, Dr. H-earne went forth to woo. He found her in the little orchard at the back of the cottage. Some of the fruit was ripe, and Mrs. Rivers was busy gathering it. She looked up with surprise at the sound of the rector's voice. It was a most unusual hour for him to call. She placed her little basket on the ground, and went forward to meet him. How sweet the air of that orchard, was laden with the fragrance of cherry and apple blossoms. How fair and sad she looked, standing under the shadow of rippling foliage. 'Have I startled you, Mrs. Rivers ?' he asked. 'I wanted to speak to you. Can you spare me a few minutes ?' 'I can spare all the time you wish,' she replied. 'Will you go into the cottage, Dr. Hearne ?' 'No,' he replied, with a touch of senti ment not common with him; 'we will remain here, if you please. I never saw an evening so pleasant.' TO ,E CONTINUED. 