ECHOES OF MELBOURNE TBy The Ghost.1 ' Thank Heaven the elections are over !' Such is the exclamation of nineteen out of every twenty people now one meets, and really the bulk of humanity — at least of Victorian humanity — has much to be thankful for. Durine the last fortnight nothing has been talked of but politics and politicians, and' election gossip' is apt to pall as much on the appetite as tho pro verbial ever recurring partridge. iDdeed toujdurs perdrix would be preferable to the oft repeated parrot cries that candidates seeking Parliamentary fame use 'to ' tickle the ears of the groundlings.' The result has not been the great victory anticipated by the Ministry. There are a large number of out and out Oppositionists returned, and the ranks of the gentlemen who sit on Mr. Speaker's left will be largely recruited by the 'independent' section of the Assembly, which is not pledged to support the Coali tion, and will assuredly on tho first test division cast their vote' against the Government. The new Parliament con tains a fair number of novices, but as a rulejjthe cbnstituericies have been true to their old love. . The most noticeable excep tions are Collingwood and Creswick,-in both of which electorates gentlemen hitherto unknown in the political world have replaced prominent members of the Hou3e. The place of Mr. Mirams will know him no more, ' the Flat' and the 'purloins' — as the late Charles Jardine Don once termed Collingwood —having dis carded the loquacious and ambitious protectionist hero, and Creswick having endorsed public opinion in regard to tho Fish Creek scandal by relegating Mr. Richardson to private life. All the Ministers, with the exception of Mr. John James, the Minister of Mines, have been returned, and of this flatter gentleman it may be saidj as the chief executioner sings in the ' Mikado' — . .', 'From'the little list' He hardly will ba missed.' For in sooth: Mr. James was rather fond of prosing, and found it difficult when ad dressing Mr. Speaker to sink his local preaching proclivities and adopt the tone and style of Parliamentary oratory that does not1 bore its hearers. However, noither new nor old members are likely to bnjoy their recently won honours for any great length, of time, for- matters are so [' mixed' that another general election will be required to . unravel the tangle, .and' then perhaps we shall have a return to that, ;' government by party' which just now is' iiO much desired, but ' which- is -really too : thoroughly a^ Bri tish^institutiori^ to' be,' as it-has' been -of late, ' uricer'ernonibusly sot' aside. ?' ''' *lc -':-- [:w ' V-'! -?' Racing matters have during1 the past weok divided the honours wi h politic!. Tho autumn meowing of tho Victor! \ Racing Club has been held at 1 lernington with more than the aecustomod amount of success, and in presence of u ore than usual number of sporting individuals from tho other Australasian colonies. Tho arrangements for tho comfort of the numerous patrons of Englislimtn's chief national pastime have now, under tho able and intelligent managership of Mr. Byron Moore, tlio successor of tho ' inde fatigable' Mr. T3ngot, attained as near perfection as any human institution can ; tho wants of all classes, from his Excel lency the Governor dewn to the humblest Pressman, having all been carefully con sidered. Melbourne can now boast of a course at Flemington which in regard to the facilities and advantages oasts even the far-famed Epsom and Goodwood trysting grounds into the shado. To a visitor tb the Australian colonies the aspect of the racecourse during the late Champion meeting would have aff orded the most convincing proof that the ' hard times' prevalent just now in the mother country and over the whole European continent are not being experienced in this sunny southern land. The promise which carried the English and Scotch Liberals triumphantly through the late general election of 'three acres and a cow' would hardly have secured many votes in the crowd at Flemington. Most of the country visitors presented the appearance of being already the happy possessors of even more than the bucolic sunvmnm bonuin, the hope of altering which did so much . towards replacing Mr. Gladstone in power. ' '' Tho Scots Church embroglio has now entered upon the acute and, it is to be hoped, final stago of its development. The congregation has all but unanimously called Mr. Dods to fill the charge vacated by the Rev. C. Strong, and the orthodoxy of the ohosdri one has been mxblicly chal lenged. At last accuser and' accused stand face to face, and unless Dr. Mor rison can prove the charge of heresy he has levelled at the Rev. Mr. Dods, the Melbourne Presbytery will have to sanc tion the choice of the members and ad herents of the Rev. Charles Strong's late congregation, or avail itself of a law of the church which has lain dormant for some two centuries to set aside the call. Dr. Morrison, the chief opponent of the Rev. Mr. Dods, has at last ' screwed his courage to the sticking point,' and taken the manly course of libelling the too outspoken young minister. Whothor tho charge will be proven or not remains to be seen, but tho fight is' bound to bo a severe and acri monious one, and as even, at its incipient stage bnelle lias TDeen freely bandied about by the reverend parties to the qnarrel, another instance will be afforded thu world of seeing ' how these Christians love one another.' The Factories Act has been in force for about a week, and already there is tallc of meetings and petitions to protest against its inquisitorial provisions, and agitate for its speedy repeal. Nor does the new Licensing Act, brought into being at the cost of so much talk and bitter ani mosity, reach much higher in general estimation. It is safe to predict that a considerable portion of next Hossion will be taken up in undoing the grauclmotherly legislation of its predecessor, and will show that in the absence of a vigilant Opposition the Government has not been 'kopfc upto the mark,' and have consequently done their work in a slip shod and slovenly fashion. Were the Factories and Licensing Acts amended out of the Statute Book the country would assuredly be none the worse, and the ingenuity at present shown in evading the restrictions placed upon freedom of action by tho community could then be directed into some more profitable channel. The newspaper eclipse predicted in a, former letter has come off as anticipated, +.Viir wnnlr's lnsnivrvnn.v RnTindnlns p.onfcjiininD' the name of Mr. Mortimer Franklyn, the registered proprietor of tho Federal Aus tralian and Victorian Review, and the de ? f unct evening journal The World. There is just now a good deal of excite ment and much comment anent certain alleged conduct of the late Ministry in respect to a glaring case of forgery aud embezzlement, of which tho hero is tho son of an ex-Minister. Tho young gentleman, who was in one of .'our Government depart ments, of which the present Chief Secre tary was then the head, contrived by means of fraudulent vouchers to obtain a sum of about £300. On. the discovery of tho de falcation the father of the delinquent was apprised of the fact, and allowed to ' square ' matters by repaying the stolen sum into the Treasury. Had the offender been a mere ordinary clerk in private em ploy, or in the Government service, the. matter would probably have been dealt with by the police, but the last has not been heard of the matter, and the political opponents of the ex-Minister will hardly rest satisfied until tho whole affair has been ventilated in Parliament. The episode has been, so much talked about in the service that it»is no longer a secret, and it is only a question of a few days when the whole affair, with a full bill of par ticulars, will be through the Press, made coiimon property, and a Ministry that has done its utmost to mako every one virtuous by ant of Parliament will perforce have a, skeleton — and an ugly one to boot — dragged out of ..its own cupboard, for an offender who does not happen to boast of a. Minister in his pedigree has ;justbeen criminally ' prosecuted for, committing an', offerice very similar in^ oharacter. . ' 1 March' 6. .'; ','?.','',.'..'.'? i'.';'-/.- .- /:; -,.'-.', ' ; March, 17,^08 been :proclaimed a bank, , holiday inlthe towns of Latrbbe, Slioffield, arid For mby. ' IJ '' ''' ' ? - 