CHAPTER VII. THE GBAVS AND THE ALTAIC, 1 Months rolled on. At first not a day p&Bsed; without Lord Herbert visiting his wife. Then came intervals of absence, dar ing which he did not even write. Of ooarse Jeannette knew he was obliged to keep up appearances, to study, to show himself in society, to visit his home. Bat then his manner changed. He was no longer im : passioned. He was often cold and constrained, moody and silent. She would not think at first ! that he waB growing weary of her, bat by | degrees the conviction forced itself upon her, i and preyed upon her very sool. Her cheek ! grew pale, bu eye aim, iier beauty faded. ! Fatal change 1 for beauty and tenderness were her only weapons. She lacked the ac complishments and the graces which are the birthright of aristocratic ladies, and if her humble charms should desert her, she had no hold on the heart of the man who had stooped from his high station to wed her. Lord Herbert Enightly had indeed failed in more than one respect. He had broken his pledge to his father not to gamble, and he had again exceeded hie liberal allowance. He had debts and duns. His establishment in St. John's Wood Terrace felt the effects of his embarrassments. He alleged to Jeannette unfortunate specula tions as the reason for cutailing his domestic expenses, and she cheerfully saw horses and carriages sold, grooms dismissed, and the household reduced to a meagre minimum. Bnt it was hard to have to press her husband for money, to meet the grocer's, baker's and butcher's bills. She knew there was some thing wrong, dreaded something fatal. During the first months of his secret marriage Lord Herbert had avoided society ; now he was at every distinguished ball, concert, picnic, archery meeting. Every where he met Lady Fanny Westover. Since their first acquaintance her beauty had ripened into something marvellous, and she was followed by a train of ardent admirers. But she distinguished him above all others, and his marked attentions compromised both. Though he never said anything to Jean nette about his social movements, the news papers, such as the Morning Post, and Court Journal, chronicled them. The fact is, he was leading a wild, desperate life, regardless of all consequences. High play and deep drinking divided his nights with theatres, balls, and dinner parties. He betted on the turf with the varying luck of a follower of fortune. Tbe earl and the countess both became un eaBy about him. They looked on a brilliant marriage as the only means of saving him, and they already treated Lady Fanny West over as their future daughter-in-law. Lord Herbert's attentions to her were nnmistak ab!e. No honorable mac could be so as siduous without giving the object of his ad dresses and the world to understand that he loved her. Tet Lord Herbert never deliberately pur posed to repudiate his- marriage with Jean nette. He even, pressed by his father to settle in life, meditated precipitating an avowal, and braving all the consequences, though his first love had long sinoe grown cold. 488 He had long been absent from his chambers in the temple, and left no address, and therefore was without news from his wife; bat one nicht he thought he would pay her a visit. Tnere were reaflons why he should not have been a single day sway from her side, but his heart was now steeled, and he had ignored those reasons. The-«ervant who opened the door said not a word to him. He passed up into the draw ing-room, found it ensoty, and then into the chamber overhead. Jeannette was lyiDg on the bed; beside her a new-born infant. An old nurse, who was present, rose and left the room. "Ahl yon have come at last, Herbert 1" said Jeannette, in a faint voice. " I was afraid you would come too late." Lord Herbert leaned over and kissed the white face. He was conscious-stricken. "Oar child—our baby-daughter!" con tinued the wife, inclining her head towards the little pink face on the pillow. " Too will take care of her—when—I am gone." "Whatdo you mean?" cried Lord Her bert, bending over the couch. " Are you not doing well?" " I—am—dying," murmured the poor woman. " Hush 1 Herbert. It is Heaven's decree. The child—call her Carmeline—it is a fancy of mine. Tou will not balk my last wish—will you, darling ?" " Jeannette—-dearest—live!—live for my sake—for our child's. «I will acknowledge you as my wife to-morrow—you have the proof 1" " Here 1" Bhe said, touching the bosom of her dress. Then she added: " Give me your hand, dearest." He took her hand ; it was already cold, but the fingers pressed his slightly. He was not made of steel—he was a man, and his tears dropped like rain upon the poor, thin white hand. " Do not weep, dearest," murmured his wife. "-Believe me. it is better thus. Kirb me 1 Now good-night 1 Baby—do not forget." With a wild cry he wrenched his hand from the tightened grasp. He gazed in his wife's face—it was the face of death. Long he sat there in the darkened chamber. After the first bnrst of human, passionate grief, an awe fell upon him. Then there came a harder feeling, for dissipation, debt, distress, had steeled his heart. " Better thus." he muttered. " It was she who said it. Better to die than to outlive love. And she is dead. That yellow waxen figure was once my poor bright Jeannette 1 What a soul she had 1 But is all over now* I am free 1 She died just in time." He had the nerve, that permaturely hardened man, to fumble in her dress, and take forth the certificate of marriage. It was the little sleeping baby's birthright, and he was robbing both the living and the dead. As he removed the paper, it seemed as if a frown passed over the face of the corpse, but it was only the wavering of the wax-light that produced the effect. Lord Herbert opened the paper and made sure that it was genuine. Then he held it in the flame of the candle till the last inch was burnt to asheB. The fclaze scorched his fingers, but he did not feel the pain. *' Good-evening, my lord 1" said a man's voice, that sounded like thunder in the hush of the death-chamber. " Why do you call me my lord?" asked Herbert, turning on "Thomas Wilson. "Because it is respectful, Lord Herbert Knightly," answered the man. He was perfeatly sober, and perfectly cool. " Are you aware whom you are addressing, sir ?" " Perfectly. I am speaking to Lord Her bert Knightly, my sister's husband." " Prove what you say." " It is very easy to prove your identity." " But the marriage ?" Wilson looked blank. " Tou do not deny that you were married to yonder dead mother ?" " I do deny it, and I challenge you to produce contrary evidence." "You do not deny that your are the father of that child, my lord?" " I do not deny that." " And you propose to abandon the in fant ?" " I propose to do no such thing. Hear me. I have a proposition to make to you. You are needy—so, for the present, am I. But I can command money, when I strain a nerve. Here are a hundred pounds for the funeral expenses of your unfortunate sister. As for the child, 1 offer you five thousand pounds sterling, to take charge of it—to adopt and rear it as your own. If you will call at my chambers to-morrow at noon, I will satisfy you as to the payment. I give you five minutes to consider the proposition. Reject it, and I will make an arrangement with a stranger.' Thomas Wilson did not need five minutes to consider. He accepted. The nobleman and adventurer ratified the bargain by clasping hands over the bed of death. From that moment Lord Herbert did not cast one look upon the face of his dead wife, her whose fair name he had slandered for the sake of her own brother. Without a look at the bed where the silent form of *her he had loved lay, he left the room and stole out of the house of death. " To the Carleton 1" he ordered almost fiercely, as he sprang into his cab He was in full evening dress, lavender kids on his hands, a nosegay in his button-hole. He was engaged for a ball at a duohess' that evening, and he meant to keep his appoint ment. But first he must have brandy. He drank so deep that one of his acquaintances stood aghast at his recklessness, and re monstrated. •« Mind your own affairs, Westley," re torted Lord Herbert; " I can take care of myself." He was as cool, apparently, aB if he had swallowed so much water, only the guests at the duchess' noticed that he was in unusually high spirits. Lady Fanny Westover was his partner in a quadrille. He hung over her after he had conducted her to her seat, where an old dowager, her chaperon, was waiting for her. " Remember, you are mine for the waltz," he whispered. " To-night I monopolize you." The orchestra soon struck up the symphony of one of Lannier's wildest, most maddening waltzes. " This is something like life 1" he whis pered, as she hun g on his shoulder, and the pace became fast and furious, as a turfman would say. " For what is life itself but one long, wild, whirling waltz ? When we have done spinning, we sink into the grave—don't you see?" "You talk very strangely to-night," panted Lady Fanny. " Do I ? that is because I am in such high spirits. You know I love you, and now that I feel the pressure of your hand, your per fumed breath upon my cheek, I am in Para dise. Are you happy ?" " Yes," was the murmured reply. Suddenly the music stopped. They were alone upon the floor. As he led her to her seat he pressed her hand, and the pressure was returned. " Mine ?" he asked, bending down to catch the reply. " Yours wholly," was the answer, distinct, though low. The accepted suitor of Lady Fanny West over 1 And what about the unburied woman thatlay at that moment on the little white bed in St. John's Wood? Why did that still face rise among the blooming cheeks, and the fair forms and the glittering diamonds, and wax-fights of the ducheBB' ball in Belgravia 2 Why ? Why ? There was no accounting for each things ; but it was possible to drown a ghost in waves of champagne and Bar gundy. So Lord Herbert drank, but could not forget. Two weeks afterwards there was an aristocra tic marriage at St. George's, Hanover square, duly chronicled by Jenkins of the morning Post, and the bridegroom waB Lord Herbert Knightly; the bride, Lady Fanny Weetover. The " happy couple" departed immediately after the wedding breakfast, for an extensive tour on the Continent. " Happy ? Of coarse they were. 