The Argonauts in Queensland: A Tale of the Forties. BY MAX. GEBURN (Continued.) CANTO IV. Now, while in prison languished Wynnubet "Chewing the bitter cud of sad reflection," The Greek and Chiseleu, without regret Were on the coast. They followed up that section Of men who went to plunder race and bet, And now had got a very fair connection. They had some capital to work their trade, And, till one fatal day, a good thing made. And how they made the error, no one knew, But so it happened that on one occasion They bet against a horse who came right through. It seemed as though this race their fall would hasten, The Greek said 'twas the fault of Chiseleu, And Chiseleu laid all the blame on Jason. By which they proved themselves but mortal samples, Who followed other very good examples. Have you not read an article one morning Which talked in gushing language of "Our Loan," And sneered at wise men their forebodings scorning, Little hound which slobbers o'er a poisoned bone. A few weeks later, without word or warning, You find the paper altering its tone. It now remarks "The Loan of So-and-So, Has almost failed, the cable let us know." "Our Loan," becomes "The Loan of So-and-So" When it has not achieved a great success. But if the other way, rejoicings flow, It still remains ''Our Loan," as you may guess. And thus becomes a theme for constant crow, So human is the fourth estate, the Press, With "Our Land Bill," the papers do the same, If it should fail, they use the framer's name. The Greek and Chiseleu both credit took, For any scheme if they made money by it. But if it placed the balance in their book Upon the wrong side, both were very quiet. And from themselves the kudos quickly shook, A stew with pickles is a pleasant diet, But makes a bath which is not interesting, And which requires a good deal of digesting. They'd been hard hit, but had not asked for grace, They paid their losses up, and as they strolled About the northern town, with cheerful face, Not even those who knew them could have told How in their souls they cursed that fatal race, And that the horse which won had ere been foaled. How they'd have revelled, could he just have lost it, But as it was, their coin was nigh exhausted. One afternoon they walked along the bank, Beneath the trees which lined the river bed, And watched the water run as low it sank, While little birds were twittering overhead. And Chiseleu remarked, "I fear that prank Has left us but enough for beer and bread, What fools we were our prospects so to damn, And, blow me, how infernal dry I am." Jason replied, "You've got the river there, The taste of all the sinners in the flood Has left the water now. I would not swear That it was not their bodies made the mud. For water undiluted I dont care, Though I could drink with joy that horse's blood. Go down there if you're dry, you've got your hat, And you can make a flagon out of that. So Chiseleu approached the rapid stream, While Jason, onward walked wrapped up in thought, Weaving a web, as one does in a dream, Until his fancies to an end were brought By an unearthly, agonising scream, Which made him hasten back, with terror fraught. He called to Chiseleu—no answer came, And every fibre quivered in his frame. "Good God," he muttered, as there rose to view, Upon the water's surface, where 'twas still, Air bubbles, bursting, of a crimson hue, Which sent through Jason's soul an awful thrill; It was the life-blood of poor Chiseleu, A dreadful sight, which might the bravest chill. An alligator, by a gum-tree trunk, Had seized this man and to the bottom sunk. The Greek was paralysed, he could do nought; He sat and watched the spot, no body came, But playing cards were to the surface brought, A hideous mockery, as though some game Was being played by captor against caught, To settle if the beast this man could claim. As Jason gazed, he found himself beginning To wonder which antagonist was winning. "Euchred," he murmured, "Chiseleu, at last, Euchred, and by two enemies who yield No time in which to pay—with one blow grassed By death and by a beast—sent out to field Among the graveyard ghosts. Well, that is past, The devil has for ever your lips sealed." Here Jason rose, and with a gloomy frown Upon his face, returned into the town. He soon recovered, and would even jest About the game played between man and brute, He'd say the former had to give it best Although he played a very strong red suit; He by the saurian had been sore pressed, And could not play the joker in his boot. But though the Greek this way in public mocked, His better nature had been badly shocked. Where is he now? Why, back in New South Wales, The thoughts of that dark stream made his flesh creep So much that he left Queensland—I've heard tales That he is growing fat, and prone to sleep; And is the man who all those leaflets mails About the "Grand Hallucination Sweep." Ten thousand tickets at one pound apiece, This is the way he finds the golden fleece. It costs him something all this advertising, But would he do it if it did not pay? He always was a man most enterprising, Who'd suck out honey from a wisp of hay; To smell his bait the little fish keep riding, Small wonder if he takes their scales away. Stick to your fleeces, lambkins, while you can, When you get wiser, you need fear no man. 