THE EAST ADELAIDE ELECTION. SCENE BETWEEN MESSRS. TAYLOR, CLEMENTS, AND SINGER. A meeting of the electors of East Adelaide was held at the National Hotel on Saturday evening, to hear the views of the candidates for the vacancy in the House of Assembly caused by the resignation of Mr. G. D. Green. There was a large attendance, and Me. L. Singer ocenpied tie chair. Mr. H. Taylob, alter a cursory review of his remarks of the previous evening on the land question, said he would confine himself chiefly to the questions of free-trade and protection, reviewing the experiences of the countries which had adopted either one or the other. In free-trade England they found that the ever increating rent-rolls of the aristocracy were depriving the people of all chance of getting an honest living, and side by side with the owners of immense fortunes were those who had to exist in the most abject poverty and crime. In America, too, the most protected country in the work), they found the millionaires surrounded by thousands of people in the same state as the poor of England. He understood free-trade to mean unrestricted manufacture and exchange. Although Eng land na the first country to adopt the prin ciple of free-trade, it originated with a French economist Darned Guesnay, who Bought to abolish all taxes save a single tax on land. The free-trade of Great Britain attempted to carry out only one, and that the least important part of the sj stem of ftee-trade, leaving the land, the property in which was hedged around with all kinds of legal enactments, in the possession of the aristocracy. The protec tionist countries had also shirked the land question. Probably they found it easier to leave the burdens on the shoulders of those who so long had borne them rather than attempt to make those who bad escaped co long bear a fair share and face their strenuous opposition. The English tariff was necessary under existing circum stances, and although others denied it he con tended that it was a revenue tariff and not .a protective one. The duties levied on imported goeds could not be considered protective, because they were counterbalanced by the inland, excise, and revenue taxes. Protection was destitute of all scientific basis, for the theory which held it good for one country mutt hold it good for all nations ; and if fur countries, for .towns, districts, and even families—in a word it would, if carried out to this extent, cany them back to a state of barbarism. The natural conditions, the climate, and the circumstances of a country must determine what should be the industries of a people, and nowhere was this fact better illuEtiated than in the United States of America, There they found states as large as countries in Europe, and an empire as large as the continent of Europe, in which no tariff was allowed to interfere with trade between the States, and no restrictions were placed on the interchange of the manu factures and productions. There they found industries springing up in harmony with the natural conditions of the States. Many of the duties which were called protective were not protective, for if they were so they would cease to increase the revenue. When revenue was derived from a tariff the duties ceased to be protective. Our old tariff was simply a revenue tariff, and such also was the tariff for which the Attorney-General took to himself and to his .Government so much credit He bad it on the authority of Mr. A. M. Simpson that the present tariff was only sufficient to incrf ase the price of commodities without pre venting their being imported and thus giving scope for the establishment of local industries. The present taiifi had been impose! fcr the purpose of increasing the revenue and supplying' funds to a prodigal Government. At the present time nearly four-fifths of the price paid for certain commodities went to swell the revenue. The Free-trade League would not give the Laud Nationalisation Society a definition of what they meant by free- trade, and therefore he had refused to co-operate with them, for he could not support the system which prevailed in England of raising the revenue by means of inland and excise duties. This meant that the burdens were to belaid on the.industries of the country, and would compel the laborer, and not the land, to bear the cost of govern ment. He would resist the imposition of taxes of any kind on industries. It was neces sary to establish industries of a varied charac ter in this colony. So long as men differed so much in their gifts and inclinations it was necessary to build up aa varied industries as possible, and especially those manufactures which would tend to de velop the natural genius of the people. Under our present circumstances it would be im possible to establish local industries in com petition with other countries which, having a larger market, were in consequence able to manufacture in a larger way, and secure perfect plant, including costly and elaborate machinery. Not only so, but he was given to understand that whenever the establishment of local industries threatened the interests of the importers they brought large quantities of goods into the calony, and sold, at a loss for the purpose of Etamping out the* industries. This was unfair trading, and the only remedy for it was protection. If this was so they would have to nuke some present sacrifice for their future good. While be would oppose any attempt to bolster op any industries which would have no possible chance of surviving after the fostering care of the State was withdrawn, he most certainly would etccursge such industries as were suitable to the cdtny. In tire future, after these manu factures were firmly established such en couragement would be unnecessary, but at the present time it was otherwise. Therefore, to encourage the establishment of such manu factures as the trade of the colony would cause ctmpetition in, and so prevent monopoly, he would favor the imposing of such duties on the classes of goods so manufactured as would prohibit their importation. (Cheers.) A pro hibitive tariff would be necessary to do this. The duties which were at present levied on the necessaries of life he would remove, and in lieu thereof impose fresh burdens on the land. (Applause.) At this stage there were cries for Alexander. Mr. Clements—Mr. Alexander has given way for me. Mr. Williams—ls that gentleman an elector? (Cries of '" Let him epeak," and " He's a can didate.'') Amidst come confusion the Chaibiian rose and Esid—l do not know whether Mr. Clements is an elector or not, nor do I know whether or not be is a candidate. If he is a candidate we will accord him the right to explain his views; if not I phall consider it my duty to call him to order. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Clemkkts—l am both an elector and a candidate—(applause)—and I am very anxious to make an explanation totbismeetingand to the citizens generally as to the very awkward position in which I have been placed, during the week. I never authorised any man to say whether I would stand as a candidate or whether I would not. [Here the chairman had a conver sation with the speaker which was inaudible to those not near the table.] I think I have a right to make an explanation. (Applause and disEent.) It has been said in the public prints that I have retired in favor of Henry Taylor. That is not correct. (Confusion.) I never said so, and I dont allow anybody topprakmy mind for me. (Contusion, and cries of "Alex ander." Mr. L. H. Eebeks was understood to say that a pledge had been given. Mr. Clements—l never gave any pledge. The Chaibman—Whatever has {tasked at any mf eting which is not an electors' meeting cannot be discussed here,but can be discussed somewhere else. (Applause.) . Mr. Clements baa a perfect right to address the electors as a candidate, but I cannot allow anything to be discussed here which has dearly nothing what ever to do with this meeting. (Applause and distent.) Mr. Clements—l will abide by the chair man's ruling, and tell you that I am a candi date. ("And a nice one too." "Go it, Jimmy.") lam sot prepared to make a sreech uiton the questions that are occupying the attention of the public at the present time, bnt one thing I will say, and that is that I do not sgree with the vie?s Mr. Henry Taylor expressed to night. (Hear, hear.) Nor do I agree with his views of last night. I certainly was surprked to hf ar Mr. Taylor say he would n< t :ppo*e s. [?? p-t?>sive hind tax. I will dis tinctly oppose that. ("What for?") I will take the earliest opportunity of addressing the electors cf East Adelaide, and also of explain ing the very awkward position in which I have In en placed duricg the but two or three days. (Applause ) I s*e there is an inclination on the part of the meeting not to hear me. (Cries of "No," and "Go on.") I would like to explain n attere. I wish to contradict the state p.tct that I have retired in favor of any one. I tell you without the slightest egotism that I will not retire for any man in South Australia as a working man's candidate. (Applause, "Bosh," and confusion.) I will jiYld to no man in my sincerity for the welfare of the working community of South Australia, and it is my intention to contest this election. (Applause.) The Chaikmak—l do not wish Mr. Clements to leave under the impression that I stopped him. He can speak as a candidate, but it would be altogether out of order to allow him to go on with reference to what transpired at a meeting other than that of electors of East Adelaide. Mr. Williams said that as Mr. Clements's mouth would be shut after Tuesday he would move that he shauld now address the meeting. This was seconded and carried. Mr. Clements —I am simple enough, and have allowed myself to be used for a con siderable time, but I am not simple enough to jump up on the spur of the moment and deliver an electioneering speech. (Hear, hear.) Tuea bear; and a voice—'* You nave got a hostile chairman.") Mr. Tatlob—l want to reply to two obser vations made by Mr. Clements, because it is due to my friends that I should explain—i The Chaibhas—l am afraid I must stop Mjtf Tajlor. (Applause.) Mr. Tatlob said his explanation had no reference to personal matters, but was with regard to a progressive had tax. He then ex plained his views, and eaid as to a working Iran's candidate he did not quite know what 5 workingman's candidate was. He worked seven days a week early and late. He worked at bis trade with the jackplane, chisel, and saw. until 32 years of age, had belonged to trades societies for a long time, and had been identi fied with the labor movement ever since. If he was not a working man he did not want to be one. (Applause.) Mr. Alexakdib then gave an expression of his political views amidst a running fire of comments to which lie replied. He admitted! that he knew nothing about politics, but ha believed in South Australians being repre sented by South Australians, and be was going to the poll even if he only got one vote. It had been suggested that he should retire in favor of Mr. Fuller, but he would not retire for fifty Fullers. (Loud laughter.) If be were licked" at this election he would run for MJj.C. against Cotton. (Renewed laugh ter.) He favored the repeal of the Totalisator Act, because ever since the totalisator stopped —(A voice—" You have not had a living;" laughter.) Men will bet in defiance of tha laws. (A voice—"Yon are no better.") Ha knew he had not a ghost of a show of getting elected, but he would not leave one atone unturned to get the Totalisator Act repealed. (A voice—"Broken Hills;" laughter.) That was another swindle. (Laughter.) The speaker then touched on a variety of other topics, his remarks being received with ironical applause. Mr. L. H. Bebens proposed Mr. Taylor aa the most fit and proper person to represent the district in the House of Assembly. This was seconded, and supported. Mr. J. Clements said before the motion was put he would like to have an opportunity to explain the reasons which had led him to Decome a candidate. Mr. J. Tatlob proposed that Mr. Clements be allowed an opportunity of explaining why he had decided to contest the election. ("Sit down," "Yes;" Hear, hear.) Mr. J. Z. Sellae seconded. The Chaibman eaid he would put the motion in favor of Mr. Taylor before putting tna other motion. ("No," "Yes," and uproar.] A noisy altercation, in the ooutse of which several persons tried to speak at once, ensued, and eventually the chairman put Ike motion in favor of Mr. Taylor, which was carried! unanimously. He then put the motion in favor of allowing Mr. Clements to speaks which was also carried. Mr. Clements said—For eleven years Z have taken a deep interest in trade —??jr-n. and have always been in the van of every movement for the amelioration of the con dition of the working riiiwifw. but never Hm4ng the whole of that tune bave I been treated so disrespectfully or in co underhanded amaanec aB I have been by Mr. Taylor and others ovee this election. lam here this evening because tbeee person*, who have formed a clique with Mr. Taylor at its head, bave been trying to hoodwink you, and without my autboritybsva pubhf bed a statement to the effect that I have retired in favor of Mr. Taylor. (Uproar, and cries of "Give ns facts."j If you will give me brae I will explain what I mean. ('* Why i don't you do it ??") lam doing- it as fast as I can; but if any of you think you can do it better you should come forward and try to explain to a hostile meeting how you have been injured. On Wednesday morning I met Messrs. Taylor and Barker in King William, street, and a conversation took place respecting the vacancy for East Adelaide. I asked Mr. Taylor if he wonld stand, and he answered! that he would not. The Hon. J. C. Bray *h-n joined us and asked Mr. Taylor if he had any intention of standing. The answer was again that he had no intention of doing so. They then asked me if I would come out for the dis trict. Mr. Barker said if I would he wonld f; np a requisition to me to do so. At length consented, and Mr. Taylor, Mr. SeUar, Mr. Barker, and myself adjourned to the Bcgittcr office. Mr. Barker drew np a requisi tion and the other two_ signed it, giving ss. each towards the preliminary expenses. Tna requisition was shown to the officials of tha office, who inserted a paragraph to the effect that a requisition was being' signed by those who wished Mr. James Clements to be nomi nated for the vacancy caused by the resigna tion of Mr. 6. D. Green. (Laughter.] The requisition bad since been signed by several people, and I have it at my lodgings. (Oh.) A meeting of the committees of the \Vorkjng Men's Political a.<aWMriiitHi|ii jmil the Lami Nationalisation Society was subse quently arranged at Mr. Taylor's hoteL Mr. Barker told me before the meeting took placfl that he had tried to induce Messrs. Singer and Taylor to contest the election, but the? haft refused. X then told Mr. Barker that he mnit be very careful what be was about or he would spoil tbe Working Men's Political Association. I asked Mr. Taylor to publicly explain I the reason why he had been nozni -1 sated. He said, "111 be d dif I do." He also said, "Come to our meetings,' 1 but I said I would please myself about that, and that if he did not explain nutters I would. Now, I bare explained them to you, and I have determined to contest the election. (Applause.) I was the first in the field, and Henry Taylor was the cause of my being put into the field. But I w3l leave a chance foe him to prove whether he is a man or not. I am agreeable to call a meeting of tbe wsrkiog classes of the cily of Adelaide for Tuesday night and to invite delegates from the Trades and Labor Council, the Working Men's Political Association, and tbe Land Nationalisation Society, and if they choose him as their man instead of me I will fight for him through thick and thin, (Applause.} On no other terms will I yield to Henry Taylor. I never looked on Sun as a wot&ing; man's friend, and my opinion is strengthens!! when IfrndamanpoHtivdyaayinghewotikl not stand at X o'clock ***<\ at ywgh+- announcing his intention to come out. X never retired in bis favor, and it is a falsehood on the part of who ever said I did. If I bad been consulted it would have caved a great deal of trouble. [ The Chairman—This is a serious matter, and as my name has been mentioned let me tell yon only two or three facts. When Mr. Clements cays that be never withdrew from the contest, I positively Bay with that rough ness of language for which I am so notorious that I give him the lie direct. (Loud ap platJEe; and a voice—"Youarethechairman/'J . Well, I ask some other gentleman to take my place. Mr. A.M. Snrrsox was then voted to tbs chair. TT?* mentioned that he was not aa elector of East Adelaide. Mr. Stkgeb—The statement I am going to make can be verified by the members of the Working Men's Political Association and the Land Nationalisation Society. Thesa two organisations, of which Mr. Clements is a member, have a Parliamentary committee to watch elections and nominate candidates. Mr. Clements got up a requisition, and I am infoimed that Mr. Taylor asked him to stand, signed the requisition, and paid 6s. towards the expenses. Several working men —well- meaning men to tbe cause —came forward to Mr. Taylor and myself, and stated that while they had not the slightest objection to Mr. Clements or bis qualities, they thought Mr. Taylor might possibly have a better chance of getting into Parliament. It was positively asserted that they would not vote for Mr. Clements. We have had the president of an organisation who talks much of organisation ignoring our organisation. (Applause.) Wa had a mettirg on the previous evening in tha Working Mtn's Political Association, when I rat next to Mr. dements. We brought forward the question, and I said to Mr. Cle ments, "Mind you, it is not a question whether Clements or Taylor would be better in Parliament, but the question is who has the best chance of getting in? If both _ol yon think you have good chances let us call a meeting of electors of East Adelaide, and the one wbo is in the minority in the voting will fight for the support of the other candidate.*' (Applause.) Mr. Clements did notgive a 'straightforward answer, but said in his usual manner, " I have no wish to stand." I pointed cut that it might be necessary for him to stand, as if he really had a majority of votes he ought to fctand. But no he did not wish to. ttandfand said if Mr. Taylor wanted to ba I elected he would not oppose him but would i withdraw. Next day Mr. Barker, the secre tary of the Working Men's Political Associa tion, explained that Mr. Clements bad retired. If lam not misinformed he made a similar statement to Mr. Keane, the secretary of the Land Nationalisation Society. He said ha would abide by the meeting, and that ba would attend. He did not attend. We had! asked Mr. Thompson, of the Co- operative Stores, and Mr. Berens to come forward, but they declined. At the meeting one gentleman proposed Mr. Clements in order to test tha question. Mr. Taylor was also propoeed. (Mr. Clements—"You packed the meeting.") Wa invited every oce on both sides. I have not consulted Mr. Taylor or other committeemen, but I promise Mr. Clements that if a majority of the East Adelaide working men are in hia favor Mr. Taylor will withdraw. (Applause.} Fiom this moment, however, I shall never any more bave anything to do publicly or privately with Mr. Clements, who can desert prinnirJpy who loves :self better, and wbo is capable of using a lying and slanderous tongue. (Ap plause.) Mr. Hekdebeon (president of the L?nd Nationalisation Society) said at the meeting referred to Mr. Taylor received a unanimous vote. There was no person to second Mr, Clements. (A voice—" That is true.") Mr. Tatlob—l plead guilty to the very unwise course of suggesting that Mr. Clements should stand. (Laughter.) We. met ona morning, and were discussing the matter. Tna statement of Mr. Clements is so mixed op with falsehood and truth that it is difficult to teil which is which. I said that I was not going to stand, and then I bad not tbe} slightest intention of doing so. I said to Mr. Clement*, "Will you stand!" and he, turning to Mr. Barker, remarked " Go yon round to the Bqfiiter, and sdy that there is a requisition feeing got up, and lam going to stand." We (rent ?traight away. Mr. Barker got up a re quisition, I rigned it in good faith, and con titrated towards the expense*. I did that un trisely, Wcanse we ought to have consulted our eonunrttefg. Later od people came to the house time after time suggesting the unwis dom of Mr. Clements putting himself for ward. (Mr. Clements—" A public-house b?r.") In the evening it was thought better to summon the committees, and I challenge anyone to say that I ever suggested myielf as a candidate. (Voices —"You never did.") Mr. Clements did not attend the meeting. I left the room whtp my name wa? mentioned, and placed my- Bell in the hands of the meeting, faying, *' if you have no one more suitable I am at your services, and I will do the best to represent the principles for which we are allconttnding." lApplauee.) Mr. L. 1L Bebexs corroborated this state ment, and f aid there bad been no question of one man's views being Bet against auothers. There was no clique. This was a critical time in South Australia, and they must choose the best men. (Hear, hear.) Mr. & E. Hocking must say in jostica to Mr. Clements tbat it was stated at the meet ing that Mr. Clements had decided not to Etend. Mr. Barker (secretary of the Working Men's Political Association) reid a somewhat lor-g statement detailing eeveraiof the facts above mentioned, aodparticolars of the meet ing at which Mr. Taylor wu chosen as a candidate. Mr. Clements before the meeting contented to the decision of the committees being final, and mentioned in a eemi-officUl manner that his circomstanees would not permit him test the election, and that he thought it was only a dodge of Taylor's. Mr. Clement* requested him not to go further into the iratter. Mr. CI£KENTb —All that has been said is about true, but Mr. Taylor and Mr. Singer have failed to prove that I told a falsehood. My complaint is that there was a clique formed m the Start Hotel. (Two speakers— ?' It v a lie." Confusion.) The best way to prorett is to try oner again. (Voices—" Yes, Cry it over again." There were men at the meet ing who were not members of the Land WatrooaUfation Society. (Mr. Taylor—" No ; it is a lie.") Mr. Backer's instructions were to have nothing to do with it until we bad met, and Mr. Taylor had no inuirjtta to attempt to use me tor his ad vantage. I refuse to be so used. I firm!/ believe that'll was just a dodge of Taylor's, because be told me distinctly that "igtit that no mutter what it cost he would stand. (Mr. Taylor—"ldeny it;" and Mr. Singer—"lt's a lie.") lam of opinion that I hare been badly treated. (A voice^—" Settle it outside.") I am willing to submit to the members of both associations. The meeting was not called as it should have been, and too well Mr. Singer knows it. fie made a epeech telling me that Mr. Taylor had It public-bouse and I had not. (Uproar.) Mr. Pobtke, who said that he bad just as much rerptct for Mr. Clement? as for Mr. {Tajlor, denied that there bad been any clique in this matter. The Chaibjiax—We are a meeting of rat-igpng, and this is not a meeting ot the Land Rationalisation Society or the Working Men's Political Association. I mm very sorry tbat they have wa-hed their dirty linen before us. (Applause.) I do nut think this is a matter for us to decide; the associations should de cide it th?-~mselves. (Applause.) Mr. Tatlor returned thanks for the resolu tion passed in his favor. They bad no dirty linen of their own to wash, but in the whole coune of his public experience he had'never known a mare cowardly and dastirdly action than that of Mr. Clements. The meeting shortly afterwards closed. 