auimes holiday. 1 a Christmas Inns. / {Prom Qneexi Month.) Auntie's world was, compassed bv the square of the window. Had you passed along the street «.ny day yon might have seen Trithiiij at tbeside «Flhis window, a 'ittlej -did maid with a pinched pale face, and_grey tired eyes which were novr and then raised from her work to look into the" street. Here too.if yon had occasion to pass frequently—you might hare seen Anntie's sleek cat and her mature canary, »nd if you bad,been rude enough to stare right into the room, yoa would have seen some of the most extraordinory millinery designs it had ever been yonr lot to gaze upon. Auntie was a milliner. Not one of those great' dames who, dressed in fine gowns,-inove and have their being in the midst of a very paradise of lovely bonnets and sweet things in hats. Oh dear no! Auntie was quite another sort of milliner, ■She worked for * very different class of eustomers, but a tery exacting, very imperious class. She was the slave of the autocratic servant girl, and of the tyran nical wife of the eight hoars labourer. As a matter of course she herself had to work fourteen and - often sixteen hours daily; and poor Auntie had but a vague idea that there were some happy folks who worked only eight hours in the day. She. bad beard of the millennium, but her knowledge of either state was equally theoretical. However, there was one day j in the year on which «he put aside the garish velvet, and such brilliant artificial flowers as neither field nor garden had ever borne upon its bosom- That day was Christmas Day. It was now Christmas Eve. The shop over the way, with its great display of tinsel-paper and lemon-peel, its mountains of currants, and bowls of nutmeg and spiceB, had pnt up the last shutter, and the street was dark and quiet. The bright lights of the shop had been cherry and Christmas-like, but they were gone, and still Auntie sat at the window and worked—worked till the chimes sounded midnight, and Cbristmns Day had come. The last buoch ol preteroaturally red roses was fastened in its place, and Auntie's nimble fingers rested. The canary had long ago rolled itself up into a yellow fluffy ball, and bad gone to rest; and the sleek cat purred gently, dreaming perchance a dream of fat mice. There were the raisins to atone, and the pudding to make, and a citv-bred chicken, a forlorn fowl that had never seen any thing moTe rustic in its life than an occasional' blade of grass between the stones of the gutter, had to be prepared for the oven. At last the pudding was Dound in tbe clotb, and in tbe corpse of the city chicken was embalmed in drip ping. Then Auntie thought about bed, and after the little withered old maid bad read a portion of an eminently pious, thongh equally commonplace work, entitled * Sunset Thoughts,' she went to rest, at least such rest as she could obtain with the strains of a plaintive fiddle, a festive cornet, and a wildly intoxicated piano ' orer the way.' tingling in her ears. Up iu tbe moroing, and to early service. A dismal business. A dull cbnrch with a fen straggling worshippers, tbe only bright things in the building the flowers that decked the altar and the pulpit. Away in a dark corner knelt Auntie, quite a long distance back, for Bbe had never been asked, like those at the feast of olden days, to go up higher. The front pews and cushions were not tor folk of Auntie's order. Modern financiers bare discovered that the mite, when invested, does not yield a return equal to that of t'ie shekel. Tbe guinea bas a solid value in counting-bouse or temple. Meanwhile the city chicken and the plum-pudding—indigestible and luxurious fare, but seasonable witbal—were cooking under the superintendence of an obliging neighbor, and when Auntie got home they were laid out to cool, so as to be prepared for packing in tbe luncheon basket. The canary was fed, tbe cat looked after, and Auntie, arrayed in the best of her gowns, sat down to wait the bour of departure to the picnic, to which she bad been invited by an ex- apprentice. They were going out of the city, up the river. It was a glorified river, a river whose banks were evergreen, where gol den-wattle and epacris, and here and there in hidden places the crimson flower of the waratab were; where trees were white with snowy blossoms, and rocks were fringed with ferns. Auntie saw it once a year; and from year to year it dwelt in her memory, the only glimpse of poetry and beauty that struggled through the dust and work of tbe city into the unlovely monotony of her poor life. There is a sound of giggling and rust ling at the door, and then a knock, and Auntie admitB the apprentice, and that necessary appendage uf female apprenti ces, the "young man" who, in the expres sive language, of that locality, was "keep ing company" with her. He was & fine brawney fellow, and she a rather sweet faced girl, not too " genteel" in her man ner, perhaps, and may be her grammar might have been better, but she had frank good eyes and a kindly heart; as indeed one might see when she kissed the little old maid and pinned a bunch uf roses— real, not Auntie's stock—upon tbe mil liner's breast. Then the young man added Auntie'e share of the feast to h:s own, and with a great deal of fuss and joking they started for the steamer. Here is tbe steamer—a gigantic bouquet of white maslin skirts, and ribbons of all colours; and here also is the band of musicians, the harp, the fiddle, and the flute. Puff, puff, away they go, to Aun tie's glorified river. Tbe euu is bright, the air fresh and laden with sweet scents. They leave the city far behind, and enter tbe land of tree and flower. Auntie was very quiet. That was chronic with the poor soal. Doubtless if she could have spoken about it, there might have been some poetry in her thoughts; bat years of silence cannot be broken in a day, and at best her thoughts were vague and indefinite. Still she was quite restful and happy. One or two marriod men remarked to her in an affable way that it was " a fine day, ma'am," in which opinion Auntie expressed her ac quiescence. Nothing more. ' Her young companions were consumed with laughter at the tricks of a funny gentleman, who ultimately received what the doctors learnedly describe as '* ecchymosis" of the optic for carrying a pratical joke too far, the common result of funny gentle men's pranks. A stray dog, recognising in the sceut of the city chicken an old but defunct friend, squatted in proximity to the bneket. Auntie rested and wa,s thank ful for the fresb air. The picnio ground being reached, the pleasure-seekers were soon scattered far and wide. Now Auntie had laid ont her plans for this day—oh. months before. It was to be a quiet peaceful day. when bon nets and all the work-a-day would be for gotten. She would find ont some hidden place among the ferns, where she could lie down and breathe the sweet scented air, and look up to see the waving wattle with its golden clusters, and the blue sky beyond. Then she would read the other stories she had read so many years ago, and—quaint pathetic fancy—she might dream she was a girl again. The book she had brought with her was an old fashioned romance, with a very lovely and virtuous maiden as lieroine, and an alto " ether impossibly high-minded, gallant d chivalrous'young gentleman as hero; of couree a villain thwarted the plans of the young people, and, equally of course, the villain was thwarted in tarn; sod then in a very old-fashioned and equally modern fashioned way, the abnormably good young man folded the adnormally beautiful and virtuous maiden in his armB, and said, " At last, my dar ling." Doubtless you all know the rest. What a foolish little creature was this, at her time of life, with her withered-up body and spare unattractive face! Ro mance at her age 1 marry come up, good people! but she was a poor silly creature, an old woman with a girl's heart. Tears ago when Auntie was not * Auntie," when her eyes were bright, her cheeks full and rosy, and her limbs strong and supple, she had spent many an hour under the trees of the orchard at her fathers farm dreaming ot knights and ladies fair, and one day her own knight came, and she never knew how good and honest a knight be truly was till one day she awoke and found that her folly had driven him from her. Then she waited long years, if perchance the knight sbonld retnrn, but alack-a-day 1 he gave up his lance and shield, sad went into > far country whence there is no returning. The chestnut hair turned grey, and the bright eyes dim, the lissome limbs grew weary ; hot still she waited, and now she hoped some day to join her knight in that * far countrie,' whither he had gone. The laocb was finished, and * Auntie' wandered over the rocks t and along the winding bush path till ' the hidden place' was fonnd. There, with the patches of sunlight dappling the flower-sprinkled grass and bracken, she made herself a nest in which to read and dream. It was very quiet, very restful. She opened her book. Auntie wanted this to be a bright and happy day—it was her only holiday in all the year. She wanted to look back to it, as she looked back to the far, far away days of her girlhood. Even years of bonnet-making will not exercise the spirit of sentiment from a woman's breast. The prim, angular old maid, who iB the bntt of your wit, my good sir. or my dainty miss, may have, stored away iu the withered husk of her heart, hid away from all eyes and ears, a secret love, a monstrous foolish sentiment, over which when no eye watches her, she weeps, and which yet she chbrishes as the dearest thing in all her life. ' lud so it is with all sentiment,' says Balzac. * Our heart is a treasure; empty it at once and you are ruined. We no more pardon a senti ment for revealing itself entirely, than we pardon a man for not having a penny of his own.' This little old maid, this woman of a thousand bonnets, was a sentimentalist. She had all those strange fancies women have, be they eigbten or forty-eight; and the melody of an old-fashioned song would bring ber girlish thoughts back as on the day when first she heard it, bat not—not with the old freshness, not with the old brightness. Somehow she cannot read to-day; the shadow of her life still rests upon her. We cannot throw our daily toil aside as, we would a cloak or mantle. It clings to us ; the ghost of our toil, the shadow of the city. The daily desolate life, without the human sympathy for which a woman's heart yearns without ceasing—without a child's face to brighten the darkuess, with out little lips to press her own; O waste, unwomanly life! and yet hers. Dreaming sadly, her eyes close, and gradually the quiet and the fresh air soothe the tired out body into reBt. She sleeps. The day fades into the boor of sunset, and miles away the steamer puffs merrily home When she wakes the sky is tinted with the hues of fading sunset. She wakes with a start. Night is com ing on and the air is growing chilly. For a moment she cannot realise where she is ; then she remembers all, and hurriedly at tempts to rise; but there is something rest ing on ber. She puts her hand down, and it touches something warm. It is the face of a tiny little rascal who had nestled at her side and had gone to sleep. A. baby vagrant, whose tattered clothes and bare feet shows that he at least knows naught i of gala days and picnics. It is almost a pity to wake the little fellow curled up so snugly; but she must hurry, or the steam er will be gone. How late it is 1 how long she must have slept! She stoops and kis ses the chubby little face, then picks the child up and hurries with him to the pic nic ground. She reaches it to find the steamer zone. The babv head is trannnil ly lying on her shoulder, oblivions of all things earthly, sound asleep. What shall she do ? She was never on this spot be fore, and it is quite an isolated place, with no bouse or farm for many miles. Perhaps the child can tell her where to go; he mast have wandered from his home, not far away. She rouses him, but he only puts his head again on her shoulder, and murmurs " baby go sleep now,'' and re fuses to be questioned. It is getting dark er and darker, and a great fear fills the little woman'8 heart. To be alone in the bush at night! the thought makes her heart beat fast, and a rustle among the trees wrings from her a quick nervous cry of fear. Slowly the saffron-coloured sky fades into a tender violet, and a lovely star shines in the exquisite mellow light. The peace of evening rests upon the bush. The sky tints deepen into colder blue, then into the dark setting of night, studded with innumerable stars. Now the mgbt wind rustles mysteriously among the tree, and white blossom-powdered branches are swaying too and fro. The croaking of the frogs in the marshy land near the river makes the solitude more absolate by its contrast with the wispering voices of tbe breeze. Anntie, with the child still in her arms, seeks the bush track, and follows it as well as she can in the increasing darkness. Once or twice she nearly stumbles, then tbe weight of the child tires her. She wakes him, and taking his tiny hand they hurry on. The little fellow brightens with tbe exercise, and once he pulls her gown, and pointing to the bright star, says " Twinkle, twinkle 1" For two hours they travel tbus; and then worn with fatigue, Auntie rests on a fal len tree and sobs. Tbe track is no longer easy to follow, and the moonlight, with its dark shadows lacing and - interlacing frightens and confases her- At last even the moonlight, which, with the fantastic, weird forms it weaves, has in its way been some source of company, is lost. Then the bush is enveloped in absolute darkness. A terrible fear seizes ner ; and sbe presses the child convulsively in her arms, and rocks him too and fro. There is terror sni mystery on every side. Weak and nervous, sbe is wrought into a paroxysm of dread, and at last takes the child once more in her arms and again plunges into the scrub. Falling, scrambling, she still forces her way onward—anything better than to sit still—till the midnight spirit of the bush drives one mad. On, on, bleed ing and bruised, with torn dress and scratched face, till tbe first gleam of tho blessed morning lights the sky. Oh, Heaven- seat day '• Oh, cruel night! Sbe will rest now, now the daylight and the sun have come again Weary and faint ehe falls by the side of a withered old gum tree. Through out it all she has clang to the child. He cries for food, and she kisses the little face and comfortB him. In her pocket is a elice of cake which sbe bad taken with her from their little luncheon on the day before. She gives it to the child, and smiles to see him eat so heartily, Then tired with the long nights journey, he puts his head upon her* lap and sleeps. * * * # * * Again the night comes; and with it returns all tbe terror and agony of the one she had passed through. On again j aimlessly, weakly, but still ou; without rest, and without object. Again tbe morning—and two pale fear-stricken tacea —a woman's and a child's—are touched by the new day's light* * * * * * * Three days bare passed, and tbe woman no longer able to drag her boJy through the scrub, baa fallen among the course grass and undergrowth. Her eyes are very bright and her fingers are moving ceaselessly. ^She nits again by tbe win dow, and the nimble fingers ply the needle, as they hare done for so many weary years. It will soon be time for bed. The lights are out " over the way." Bnt what is this face pressed to here? what tiny arms are these abont her neck ? Oh dear God, she is given back her youth ! The years of blankness—of long waiting and then of hoplessness—were bat a dream 5 this is her child, her own little one. Oh baby face, press close, and little lips, touch her > So child ! but she will warm them. Yes, she will warm them, warm them when the night passes away, and the sun heat comes again. No dream! no dream! The good God bas sent her this divine happiness. She knows the joys of motherhood 1 What were tbe weary years, the years of biiterne&s; ? She bas forgotten thein ; are not ber eyes bright, her face fresh with youth, ber bosom round and full, and this baby whose arms are about her neck, is it not hers— her own child—and his P And yet she is sobbing, and her tears are on tbe baby's cheek ; but is for joy, for thankfulness. Closer, baby! closer, dear I till the little hps bare warmth and the white cheeks are flushed with life. Closet, closer, dear! * # * * * # The night sighs through the restless trees. There is no peace in the forest. Lift thine eye to the blue heaven, " sown with stars,'' and peace will come to thee, poor tired soul! Stars are (he emblem of God tears for such as thee. # * * * * # " Dead 1" and the rough hand of a wood splitter lifts with infinite tenderness the struggling boughs from above the pale faces of a woman aod child. The bosom of ber tattered dreas lies open, and the curly head nestles on the milkless breast of childless Auntie. 