THE OUTLOOK. We lately remarked (says the Broad Arrow) in an article on Russia, that neither the princes nor peoples of the Balkan Penin sula were anxious to become Russian feu- datoi'ies or Russian subjects, and that neither Germany nor Austria would ever consent to give Russia a free hand to deal with the' Balkan States as she pleased. Since then, very momentous events have occurred, and the action of Germany and Austria iu 'the matter is incomprehensible. On the one hand, we have' an all absorbing power like Russia pursuing a course'of action which would simply close the Danube for Austria, aud convert the Black Sea into a Russian ' lake with ‘ a vast fortress astride, of its lock gates. On the other ’ hand, we see two kindred • nations like Germany, .and Austria, whose interests would, seem '•to be identical, consenting to a policy which: must injure • themselves. What is the key • to the enigma ? It is said that the explana- ( tion of it all is the dread of Prince Bismarck of a Franco-Russian alliance, and having to fight France in front Russia in rear. If England were a reliable ally, the real league of peace for Europe .would, be Germany,. Austria, and England. Their interests do: not clash, and they are ; connected by race and affiuity. Around such a league of peace, the smaller - States, who tremblingly await absorption, might ally themselves. But. even without England, Austria and Ger-: many might stand ;ba’ck to back: against Russia-aud France- .with a fair-chance of success.’ But Austria is an linfortuuate nation. It has ever been her fate gal lantly to fight, and unfortunately to fail. Nations, like individuals, cannot afford to risk "partnership witli the ’unlucky one. Anyhow, the air is full of explosive gas, which a spark may ignite at any moment. Meanwhile how is it with the British army? Where is the first army corps ? Where are its generals, and who compose its staff? A tnember of the House of Commons may well ask where it is. Eighteen millions sterling spent annually on our’army, and the ghost of au army corps to show for it. Every nation’in Europe is ready to fly at its neighbor’s, throat, either to rob her or to preserve what she herself has stolen. Mean while we go. on experimenting as quietly as the philosophers at Laputa. Experimental rifles—experimental drill-experimental can non. With the greatest command of money and mechanical science in the world, we are the last nation in Europe, to 'invent or adopt any military improvement. No nation in Europe has our constant experience of war fare—for we are always ht ; war—and yet no nation in Europe knows less about it. 