THE COURTING OF MAR\ SMITH. By P. W. ROBINSON, Author ol "Grandmother's Money," "Ann? Judge, Spinster," "Little Kate Kirby," "The Black Speck," "Lazarus in London," &o.; (Published by peelal Arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK VI.—RENUNCIATION. Chapter VI.—Making it Clear to Him. There was not much for Abel Smith to wonder at, after all. It was tolerably evident that Mr. Jonathan Lovett was anxious to over take Ambrose Chinery before that gentleman caught the night mail for London. What might be the reason for this singular proceed ing—this rash haste exemplified in a man who generally acted deliberately, and from calm crnviction— it was not so eaBy to guess. Mr. Smith was afraid that it did not bode any good to the peace of his daughter, that there were elements of discord rapidly developing from the lecture at Ooalsby Town Hall, and that the lecturer's return to England—and to life—was not the unmixed blessing that it might have been to everybody who had the honor of his acquaintance. Mr. Smith would go home and talk it over with Mary—perhaps she could see farther into cloud-land thaa her old father. MeanwhiletheBrobdignagian hansom, drawn by a high-cheek-boned Brobdignagian horse, was whirled along with its fare to the Coalsby station, reaching that dusty, grim, fussy edifice as an illuminated clock, in an obtrusive turret built askew, marked three minutes to twelve. Mr. Lovett sprang out, paid his fare, and walked through the booking office on to the platform beyond. There was considerable bustle there, late as was the hour—many Coals by folk had evidently made up their mind to leave town in the middle of the night, and make for stations beyond the locality wherein they lived and throve; the porters were on the alert, the signal was "down," and the train from the North would be clanking up to the platform in another minute or bo. Mr. Lovett looked right and left of him. Yes, there was Ambrose Chinery pacing up and down the plat form, in company with a youth, upon whose arm he leaned. It was a sad, grave face enough now, with all the passion quenched from it, and with a long look ahead, ai it seemed, out of the eyes which God had sealed—hardly a patient face, despite its gravity, and marked by a sternness which one did not Bee frequently upon his countenance, Jonathan Lovett noticed that the journalist walked with difficulty, like a man tired out with his day's work, and having made this dis covery, the cotton- Bpinner remained in the background, and seemed perfectly content to watch the man he had taken so much trouble to discover. An instant afterwards the night mail had plunged into the station, and doors were opening, and tired and sleepy passengers looking out, and a few travellers extra hungry or thirsty, leaping forth and scampering to the buffets, in wild haste for any refreshment that a minute and a half's grace would permit. Ambrose Chinery was assisted by his atten dant into a first class carriage, who, however, did not enter with him. He was a Coalsby lad from the hotel, and knew Jonathan Lovett by sight, as most Coalsby folk did, and held him in considerable estimation as one of those shining lights—the representative men of Lan cashire. Hence Jonathan Lovett found an aide-de-camp more ready to his hand and for his purpose than he had anticipated. The lad touched his hat, and Mr. Lovett held up a warning finger and stepped quietly into the carriage after Ambrose Chinery. "Here, lad," said Chinery, dropping some silver into the hands of his late guide, "a little extra for keeping you out of your bed, And—many thanks." " Good night, sir. Thank you" " Good night." Ambrose Chinery spread a railway rug over his knees, leaned back in his seat, and gave a very long, heavy sigh, thinking probably he was alone and at peace- yfree at last from all those who had worried him, or whom he had worried. Going to London, and leaving Lan cashire for good, as he had promised Smith of Coalsby. At all events, in blissful uncon sciousness at present that the man that worried him most, who had upset all his calculations, changed his life, given a new turn to every thought, was sitting opposite him, with his big hands crossed upon nis stick, and his round eyes fixed steadily upon his sightless face. "Ticket, sir," said the railway guard, sud denly appearing. Ambrose Chinery took his ticket from his pocket, and the guard gave a clip to it with his nippers, and then shut the carriage door. He bad touched his hat to Mr. Lovett also, know ing him perfectly as a season-ticket holder, with a right to travel over a considerable stretch of the line, and thinking that Mr. Lovttt was in a hurry for once to get away from his native place. Then a bell rang, the doors were banged to, a shrill whiBtle was given, and the train moved from the Btation and gathered to itself speed, as a live thing might do, anxious to get away from a place so outrageously full of smoke and smother. The furnace fires were all aolaze that night, and from tall factory shafts the flame3 were licking at the sky; it was a town that rested neither night nor day. Mr, Lovett drew up the window, and this was the first intimation to the keen ear of the man opposite that he. was not alone fn the compartment which had been chosen for him. Ambrose Chinery gave another sigh at this, and sat back in his seat with closed eyes; but he was not composing himself for .sleep, only for a long think. Mr, Lovett thought it might be for the former, and as time wsb precious to him, and as he had made up his mind what to do, he thought it was as well to begin and get it over. He leaned forward and touched Chinery's hand, which was a very hot, dry hand, despite the coldness of the night, or the first minutes of the new day which had come to them both. Of the new life, too, though one was not aware of it. " Mr. Chinery," said Mr, Lovett, in a deep voice. Ambrose started perceptibly. He recognised the voice at once. "Mr. Lovett," he said, in a low, wondering tone; " is it realty you—or your ghost?" "It is I." "I am sorry you are here. I would have pre ferred your ghost to-night," was the response. " Very likely." Then Mr. Lovett changed places, and sat himself down by the side of Ambrose Chinery, who drew himself more closely into his own corner, and looked vexed at the contiguity. "You will hear what I have to say more readily if I sit here," said Jonathan Lovett, by way of explanation of his proceedings. " Have you anything to say tome?" inquired the journalist, "Yes." "Much to say ?" he added in a more wonder ing tone. "That depends upon yourself." "Oh 1 then you will not have a great deal to say ?" was the caustic response. Jonathan Lovett touched his hand again, and once more aggravated Ambrose Chinery. What did he mean by these odd little dabs with his hard, cold hand ? Was Jonathan Lovett going to patronise or to pity him ? He, a vul gar parvenu, with a fortune made out of shoddy —the man of cotton giving himself airs to the man of letters. Confound him and all his workB i And confound the ill-luck which had Bet such a man by his side, and possibly all the way to London. As if he had not been tried enough to-day—as if the day had not been long and cruel enough already! Or, rather, as if the new, young day which the chimes of Coalsby had heralded in a few minutes ago were to follow on like the old— full of the old day's bitterness and disappoint ments and griefs. " Young man—for you are a young man to me," commenced Mr. Lovett, "I am sorry you are running away in such desperate haste." "I am due at an operation to-morrow morn ing," replied Chinery, "and I should not like to baulk the operators with an interesting sub ject. Besides, this is the first time in my life I have ever been considered interesting, Mr. Lovett. Think of that." "I shall do nothing of the sort." "Ob, very well. It is not compulsory, of course." " I don't want to listen to such nonsense as you are talking now," said Mr. Lovett, gruffly and decisively ; anybody can say nasty, biting things who is cursed with a bad temper, and a disregard for other people's feelings—there's notlnng clever in it, and nothing smart. And if there were I shouldn't laugh at it for one." "Keally 1" "It wouldn't be in my line; You were rather partial to that kind of Btyle at Scarlet pool, I remember, before I knew who you were; and one or two of my mateB—gentlemen," he corrected—"whom I knew at the Grand— christened you the ' disagreeable dog!' That's all the credit you got from us Lancashire lads, Mr. Chinery." "I did not want any credit. I paid ready money for everything," the other said. "And you didn't deserve it, either," he went on, not heeding Ambrose's remark. " You were putting yourself out of the way to take us down a peg or two, because we were a bit too bumptious and independent for you; and, though it wasn't kind, I dare say some of us were fair game enough to a highly edu cated, clever, superior person like yourself." "That will do, Lovett," Ambrose said fret fully at last; "never mind about my superiority, or my education, or my cleverness. You have not left Coalsby to- night to tell me this?" "Yes I have," "It's a — Mr. Lovett, what the deuce are you driving atV' he exclaimed "I don't want to quarrel with you—I don't want to ex change many worda with you—but perhaps yon will explain this ?" " I am coining to it sharp enough 1" (To be continued.) 