TBE REREDOS QUESTION. "Wo have received a number of communications on tho reredos controversy from which wo juako tho following oxlrncts i-~~ " A correspondent, signing himself "iBcth," tolls a pretty story of flliul love, which by implication appears to point to tho roredos ns too vivid and Pam.f"1 a picture of tho great sacrifico for man, and ono which should be removed from a placo where it would constantly bring thal sacrifice too vividly before tho eye, but a repre- sentation which ought to bo preserved elsewhere as a work, of art. "E. J. II. Knapp" asks thoso in nulhority to pauso ere they sanction tho erection of tho reredos, as it will drive many loyal members from tho Church. Ile states that ho has boon assured hy a member of the Chapter that whim tho design was submitted to them thore was no ovidence thereon that an image was to bo set up, and ha, questions much if tho Dean over gayo his. consent to tho design of tho reredos ns it is now being erected. Ho points out. tho S2nd Canon states:-"A decent communion Inblo in every church, and that tho Ton Commandments bo set up on the eaBt end ol" every church, &c;," but no provision has been made to carrv out this rule. It would scarcely bo consistent to put up this crucifix and inscribo on tho samo wall tho second commandment. " Crux " is higlily pleased thati such an ornate, chaste, and beautiful pattern should have been selected for this artistic work in the Cathedral, and asks what could be niora consistent than to havo such a striking and beautiful memento of Christ's death, as contained in tho centre pieco (upon which tho controversy hinges.) Mo outciy was raised against tho painting of " Christ upon tho CrossJ" when it was inserted in the northern tran- sept of the Cathedral, but now that a similar aud moro substantial representation is put in its proper place an out- ciy of indignation aud disgust is raised against it, which ho hopes will be disregarded by tho bishops and chapter. Tho best test ÍB to leave the reredos where it is until be expon ouco it is Boon whether or not it is a stumbling block und a rock of offence. "Clarendon Stuart" forwards extracts from the Guardian of September 1 to show when Bishop Templo was asked to interfere with tho "idolatrous innovation " in a figure of tho Crucified in tho new reredos at St. Paul's, he declared that ho could "see nothing inconsistent with true Pro- testantism in such a reredos os it is proposed to erect in St. Paul's Cathedral, and tho courts of law havo so decided." "John Sulman" asserts that, for his part, he can see little cause for the outcry that has been raised, and states, from his own knowledge, that in hundreds of English churches the same subject in stone, marble, or glass, may now be seen, and apparently without offence to the most tender conscience. As a work of art, he says, the reredos is as good a specimen of ecclesiastical art as is to be found in any church in England, and one of which not only the members of the Church of England but all the citizens of Sydney may be proud. A correspondent hnB furnished us with tho following oopy of tho judgment of tho'Privy Council on tho Exeter reredos question, now so frequently referred to, but which is not in the possession of many persons, lnwyora oxcopted : "Tho Exeter reredos case wao argued on the '20th of January, 187Ö, and tho two following days by the following counsel :-Mr. W. F. Phillpots and Mr. Shancl forCbancellor Phillpots ; Dr. Deane, Q.C., and Mr. "Walter Phillimoro for tho Dean and chapter. Judgment of tho Lords nf tho i*udicial committee of tho Privy Council on tho appeal of 'hillpota v. Bovd and others from tho Court of Arches, dolivered 26th- February, 1875. Present-Sir A. Hathorly, Lord Penzance, Lord Selborno, Lord Chief Baron, Sir Montague Smith, Sir Robert Collior. The following para- graphs contain that portion of tho judgment which is based upon thc articles, homilies, and canons:-' Tho twenty-second article of religion declares that tho Romish doctrino con- cerning purgatory,-pardons, worshipping, and adoration, aa well'of imageB ns of reliques, and also invocation of saints, is a fond thing invented and grounded upon no warranty of Bcripture, but rather repugnant to the Word of God.' In other words, it condemns only tho abuso of imagos. ' But great stress hus boen laid in tho argument of this caso upon tho homilies against tho perils of idolatry, which uro recognised in tho thirty- fifth articlo of religion (amongst other homilies) as containing, a godly and wholesome doctrine, and necessary for these times, and therefore aro judged to bo road in churches by the ministers diligently and distinctly, that thoy may bo understood of tho ponple.' ' Tho 40th and -19th canons givo special directions as to tho reading of tho homilies, and tho 8Uth canon ordere tho book of homilies to bo provided in each parish.' ' This recom- mendation, however, of tho homilies cannot bo pressed ftirthor than as containing an approbation of doctrine» therein coutuined, and even that of a qualified character, os being speoially necessary for tho tinies when tho articles wore framed and published. Now tho homily against the ' Peril of Idolatry ' (contained in several parts) Bets forth in very glowing colours tho vanity and folly of paying adoration or worship to images or paintings ; but it recognises tho original intention of such images or paintings to havo been the better instruction of the ignorant, as set forth in' tho letter of Gregory to Terenus (cited by tho learned Judgo in tho Court below). The homily observes, ' You may withal note thnt, seeing thore is no* ground for worshipping images in Gregory's writing, but a plain con- demnation thereof, that such BS do worship imagos do un- justly allego Gregory for them.' Tho homily, howovcr, proceeds to affirm that tho worshipping of images ia a necessary consequence of their being allowed to exist ; and, therefore, concludes strongly for their entire abolition, irre- spective of actual abuso. Now, it is plain that tho ' doc- trino ' maintained b) the homily is that of the twenty-second articlo, and condemns paying ' honour and rovorenco to images as being an act ol idolatry, and contrary to tho Second Commandment.' In tho judgment of ita author tho existence of any image, whether originally intended for instruction or not, is uungerous, ns tending to idolatry. Tbiö cannot bo cnlíed doctrino. It is an opinion as to tho conscquencos which might at that timo follow tho use of representations of saored objects, and probably tho opinion might then bo well founded ; whilst it is, on tho contrary, ( notorious that numerous sculptures and pictures represent- ing tho Saviour and apostles and othor holy men exist, and have oxisted for more than two centuries in aud outsido. of our churches, to which no worship hos boen paid. Tho old assíoialionB wero broken off, and tho old ' monuments of superstition' had either been removed or become innocuous before tho reign of Elizabeth dosed. In the 9th of Eliza- beth, ou a visitation by Archbishop Parker, articles were axhibited, tho sixth of which inquired whether any taug ht 'that any minis homo with which do extol any superstitious religious or religious pilgrimages, lighting of candles, kissing, kneeling or ducking to images.' And ac nnothor visitation by tho sumo metropolitan, articles were exhibited, by tho sixth bf which inquiry is made ' whether images and all other monuments of idolatry and superstition bo destroyed and abolished uud Conveniently kept without wasto, de- struction, or abuse' of anything; whether tho rood-loft bo pulled down according to Ibo order prescribed, and if tho partition between tho chancel and tho church bo- koot.' Xheso urticlos appear to observe tho distinction noticod iu the Queeu's proclamation already referred to, between tho representations which ' had been abused and thoso which had not. It is not improbable that there had existed some conspicuous representation of a cruoillx in tho rood-lofts which had been abused, and thorefore was directed to bs removed, lu Cordwell's Annals (vol. I., No. LXXVII.) are articles intended to havo been oxhibited »t Archbishop Grintuil's Visitation in tho 18th of Elizahoth, tho fourth of which inquirios whethor (amongst; othor things), ' all images and other relics and monuments,of superstition mid idolatry be utterly defaced, brokon, and destroyed; and if not, where and in whose custody tboy remain.' It appears to bo doubtful whother theso articles wero Over exhibited. From this time, uud notwithstanding the revival in tho timo of Dames.I. of thc Act of 3 and i Edwnrd VI., there appears to havo been neither furtUer lojrislnnon nor inquiry with refersnco to pictorial or sculptured representations of sacred subjects in churches. "What, then, is tho character of the sculptures on tho roredoa in tho cano before their lordships? For what purposo has it been set up? To what end iu it used ? And is it in danger of being nbusrd ? It ia a sculptured work in high relief, in which uro three com- partments. That in the centro represents tho Ascension of our Lord, in which th« figure of our ascending Lord is soparated by a sort of border from tho figures of tho Apostles, who aro gazing upward. Tho.right compartment representa tho Transfiguration, and tho luft tho descent of tho Holy Ghost on*, tho Day oj Pentecost. The representations appour to bo similar to thoso with which evervouo is familiar in regard to tbs sacred.objectB in quostion. AU tho figures aro delineated as forming part of the connected representation of tho his- torical subject. Tho Ascension necessarily représentai, our Lord us separated from tho Apostles, who aro gazing at Him. on His ascent.;. As finials to tho architectural fonn'of tho reredos, there is on each Bide a sepárate figure of an-, angel, lt is plaiii to their lordships that tho whole erection \ has boen sot up, for tho purpose pf decoration only, lt is not suggested that any superstitious reverence has been, or iBlikoly.to bo, paid-to auy figures forming part of th6 rcredos, and their lordships are unable to discover any- thing, which distinguishes this representation from the numerous sculptured und painted representations of por- tions of. tho sacred history to be found in many of our cathedrals and parish churches, and which, havo been proved by long exporienço to be capable of remaining there without giving occasion, to any idolatrous or superstitious prácticos. Their lordships are of opinion that such a decorative work would bo lawful in any other part of the church; arid, if sp; thoy are not aware of auy contravention, of tim law» ecclesiastical by reason of its erection in the particular place which it occupies. Their lordships havo not adverted to tho caso of Cook and others v. Tallent, mentioned by the learned Judgo in tho court below, bocnuse thoy haye been furnished by tho registrar with a full nota of that case, which appears to have proceeded on consent. Their lordships desire it to be clearly understood that nothing decided Un this caae uffocts tho question of superstitious regard being , paid, contrary to tho 22nd articlo, to nnv represontut^ons or images that aro, or may at auy timo be, set up iu churches. Tho law will nt all times bo suffl cicntlv strong to correct and coutrol any such abuse; but their lordships aro of opinion that tho sculpture in question is not liable to bo impugned in that respect. Their lord- ships will therefore recommend her Majesty to reverie tba decree pronounced by tho Dean of Arches, so far aa it reversed tho decree of tho Lord Bishop of Exeter in' ?pronouncing tor his jurisdiction OB visitor and ordinary of tho Cathedral Church of St. Peter, in Exeter, but to affirm tho dee-roo of tho Donn of Arches'in all othor respects ; and' (heir lordships, regard hoing had to the argument in tho opurt below und before them, in opposition to tho jurisdic- tion oí tho Lord Bishop, do not decree tho payment of any coBta of tins appeal hy any party. Indeed, they understood IA 1 8tllî?d ttt tuo bar bytuo counsel for tho respondents that thev did not ask for' costs." v 