ECHQES OF MELBOURNE. (BY THE GHOST.) If the proceedings of the Logislative Assembly on Thursday night have any sig 2ificance at all and are not a mere exhibi- 1 Lion of the unruly and turbulent spirit w which, unfortunately for the credit of Aus. - tralia, would appear to: characterise her I legislative bodies, the sooner Mr. Gillies 81 dan terminate the business of the session H and retire into the safe and peaceable S liaven of recess the better will it be for thp. Ii safety of the Ministry and their chances of 0 a further tenure of office. For indepen- ti dently of the evident fact that Mr. Gillies C has lost :control of .the Assembly as its I leader, ibis quite apparezit thatthi petienco 73 of the supporters of the Government is. ri well nigh exhausted. Mr. Gillies was'told 5 this in so many words, and the votes of tI honourable members in two test divisions e during the disuossion of the goldfields' It prospecting vote-in the first of which the 15 Governoeout was beaton-by two- votes; and . in the secoind of which ,it barely escaped defeat by the casting vote of the Chairman of Committees-plainly emphasized the warning given. It would almost appear as if the House weretiredof coalitions,and was h once more anxious for the reestablishment of p the old party lines. At present the Govern- b meat must at times be sorely. puzzled to s distinguish its friends from ito foes; indeed 0 the line of demarcation between the n ".candid friends" of the Ministry and its u avowed opponents is so faint as to be h almost indistinguishable. The chief cause o of the Ministerial troubles during the week a has been in connection with money, which f M.. Gillies and his colleagues. may justly t consider " the root of : all evil." In the p earlier parc of the week they were very t roughly'handled-and deservedly so too- c for thm blrge excess bf railway expenditure h over the estimitee, vouched for is "care- a fully prepared" and 'S not likely ti? be 'I exceeded;" and on Thursday, as already I; stated, suffered .defeat over one of their a principal proposals in regard to the distri- 1 bution of the goldfields' prospectiugvote. In i regard to this latter matter the people's t representatives, or at all events a majority t of them, are in favour of a return to the f old pyptem of distributionwhen "proper reprpheptatjons" had their due effect in securing the coveted auounts for favoured J localities, and the livply: prospect of I " favours to copso1' kept thpe'gratitpd of a Ministerial supporters spp to the .sqrk It t will really be a relief shen next week thp Irrigation Bill is once more under discus. 1 siour-and-under the- sedative influence of- - coly water the Asseoiblyonco more regains its equanimity. E .- I Qovernmeutse ia-common with families 1 iie indiyidniils,' evidently areMat times i trohbled with "'pskeleton in the cup- 1 board," w5icih it is ejepirable to keep I hidden. It is evident that the Bj)Jies- I Deikin Coalition Government is no' the I "happy family" a Ministry should bhe and i tl tlio cpoamunications that pass between 1 thejseriesis-'~Jsvepiosent offices are not in var ably 4L.th io lvf~jgla its ;isollels by "tile Polite Letter Weiter.' 5 lee why, it I may bh asked, should the Premier iii Coply to a request for the productio'of-ettaiu 1 ofirgial papers moved for in, thqAsscsuhly,. state~tlsat,."itsdnnlntt- st tiujec' deolrsible to exhibit all meneorsuda. vsv~lsih passed between the, lepartnseiitd !"-:It wujuld, of co"gge, be too. much to expect that "isrivete" 'qjn nications on matters in volving peros{,op'f Ittese' shosld be sub mitted to the Puiticsii qf 9 ypliauisi)tl blt surdlytheroesihoild be no ebjectinto giving the public the fullest Inforexstoen tosoibho I concerning all public matters,. Mr. Billies is the first Victoriis.:Minister who has striven to.invest.the public conduct of the r busineeep f thescountry with. uol'sicesoary Sunystery. The honourable gentleman has 'evidently ypt to he taught that the Godern mont. is sot the glevpet of..Parliament, , but the servant of the peophe's pgoseh representatives, It I so easy to be gesp: rpus in dishisrsing otheor.poople's money1 that it is not at all surprising the Assembly Sphouldla-vecarried a resolution-to vote . £1149Q to the..widow of' thso.lato.author of . 2ill Natlseal.T ffp." . T hjs latest exlhibi .tion of the degirR -of fle polony lo rbcog nice services renderedi opelgs q u rlpT the question of what principle guiden the Assembly in its grants to the public funds ? They gave a good sum to the widow of MT James Macpherson Grant, who was in oc(spl oqf l haudsomo salary during a large nohisber of yeeirt asp Ninister of the o Crown, refuses to reeognise t e elaimo of the widow of the late Ifugh I'teh 'Ithe father of irrigation." to ths gratitude of t thl! colony, and are now about to give a luosp q 1fn or an annuity, to the family of a gentlemen piopap plgims as an author were recognised by the pmorntVy by the bestowal upon hin of a post in the Melbourne Public Library. These public grants, like kissing, evidsitly go by favour. It would be far better to leave such claims as those of the widow of the late Afarcuie CJarke to be dealt with by an appreciative public, The proposition was strongly opposed in the Ass piy, Iind e only eventually carried on a division by 30 votes to 28. Mr. Russell, the junior mouo ber for Ballarat East, who was otc of the ] minority, took tike sting out of his refusal by offering to subsoribs a lmonth's Parlia e mentary pay towards a fund for the mwidow. None of the other 28, be it noted, made a similar offer. Had the 80 " paid members" of the Assembly each agreed to give 0y7u half of the Amount offered by Str. Russell, the sum to be given to Mrs. Clarke would have been more than made up, without trbtching on the funds of the country. But why should honourable gen tlemen pay anything themselves when they can dip their charitable fingers into the colonial Treasury in a "free, casy, and accessible manner." The art of " how not to do it " is not confined to the Tito Barnacles of the old country, but is evidently well understood in Victoria. A short time ago tenders were called for the erection of a stone light house on Cape Everard. The Government steamer Despatch was sent to the locality with intending tenderers, in order to afford them a view of the locality, and enable them to form a correct opinion of the work to be undertaken. After tenders had been called for it was discovered by the ofilcials of "the Public Works Department that there was no stone available in the vicinity of the proposed lighthouse, and that the spot was inaccessible by road or by sea, excepting under most favourable circum stances at exceptional times. So an iron structure has to be substituted for the stone one, and the expenses of the con tractors' trip on the Dispatch, the cost of preparing planes and estimate, and the ex penes of advertising has all been wasted. Worse than all, while the Government ofilcers have been blundering, a dangerous part of the Victorian sea-board remains without a warning light to mariners. The advertisement that appears in the metropolitan papers in regard to the Barwon woollen mill may le asseumed to be the obituary notice of a Victorian "native industry." Brought into being sender a 10 per cent. tariff, tiele baetling of "the settled policy of the country" was nurtured on a 15 per cent, el valorem duty, and finally paid the debt of nature, inder duties equivalent to 271 per cent. At its birth-being the offspring of well to-do parents-the undertaking grow apace and gate promise of a long and successful existence. But too much legislative " coddling" has driven it into a premature grave, and although certain political quack doctors aver that the imposition of a duty of 1s ld a pound on imported tweeds would have saved its life, there can be little doubt that oven this lecroic dose-equal ecs it is to a duty of 160 per cent. advalorece would not have kept the ill-starred mill alive. Had it been left to grow untramel led by protection, and not pampered in its youth, its fato would have doubtless been a far happier one. Woollen mills, like individuals, may be "killed by kindness." Sept. 20. 