W I N S T 0 W E. CHAPTER XIIL PELHAM FETTIGB.EW, Q.C. BY MBS. LEITR-ADAMS. A small nuui of an immense presence, and « grand maimer that gave him all the social effect of a very big man indeed. Such was Pelham Pettigrew, Q.C. Though in perron, as I have already said, somewhat diminutive, his iron-^rey hair stood up npT his frown in mch fashion as added ci least fear inches to his height. This was the more remarkable because you would naturally have supposed that the wig, so often worn, would by this time have quelled in it so ambitious a spirit. Like himBelf, however, his hair was selfassertive. it grew npwaid from the top of his ears, and framed a peak so pronounced as to be quite a salient feature in his perso nality. Dark eyebrows, a good deal raised in the centre as if in perpetual astonishment at any one seeing fit to differ from him, added to Mr. Pettigrew's consequential demeanour, and the eyes beneath were keener and more penetrating than could be pleasant to the feelings of a witness conscious of a gentle inclination towards petjurv. It In startling contrast to his appearance, Mr. Pettagrew's voice was meilow and musical always, and could be on occasion deep and thrilling. It would "tremble with suppressed emotion" during the pathetic portion of some eloquent " pleader" to an extent that touched to tendercst pity the heart of each individual intelligent member of the Jury, and filled the hearts of all opponents with a cold and chill foreboding. We have heard of the mud whose "face was her fortune," and of Pelham Pettigrew we may say that his voice was, or rather had been, his fortune. For this fortune was long since a grand reality. One of his foibles was to speak of himself as though trembling on the verge ef bankrupcty. He would offer a friend a " shakedown" at Hazelcroft, his! shootingbox at the foot of the Cheviot Hills, and the "shakedown" would prove to be a room furnished with every known luxury. He would speak of Hazlecroft itself as a "little box," and invite a guest to " pot-luck," or a " chop or so, and a glass of Allsopp." The "little box" was an abode rich with carved Artistic furniture, priceless paintings, china -calculated to drive a Belgravian dowager mad with envy, and was perfumed with flowers •rom January to December. "I like plenty of flowers about me," the -great Q.C. would say, flipping lightly with his finger and thumb the petals of blossoms that cost a small fortune, "they cultivate the eye, and a poesy or two can't ruin any one." ~AB to the "pot-luck," it was a kind of " luck" a man would gladly look forward to a repetition of seven days in the week; and wives declared that when their liege lords a visit to the house near the Cheviot j they were wont to look with disfavour npon the brat efforts of the family cook for weeks to come. Speaking of the ladies reminds me to record the fact that Pelham Pettigrew was ever the most devoted slave of the gentler sex. His manner to women recalled the days of Sir Charles Grandison—so devoted, so courtly, so chivalrous was the homage he laid at their feet. In fact, he would do anything for them—anything, except marry one of them. On this point no man, or woman either, -could remember a shadow of indecision on his part. Even the most skilful manoeuvrer In the matrimonial field never gave a thought as to the beet method of attacking the invulnerable tower of his jealously guarded liberty. Ladies were content to receive and enjoy the • hospitalities of Hazlecroft, discreetly chaperoned by their husbands, brothers, and lathers, without a arriirepensie, either for themselves or their belongings, as to the . possibility of the courtly master taking to himself a wife. It was ln*n entsndu that ^Pelham Pettigrew was "not a marrying man," and among his legal brethren a delicious anecdote illustrating his anti-matrimonial proclivities had long since become current coin. Mr. Pettagrew's chambers consisted of three rooms en suite in a ceitain gloomy court. The rooms themselves, however, had an air of fallen grandeur quite expressive in its solemnity. The chimneypiece over the fireplace of the principal one was curiously ornamented with intricate designs in marble, apparently representing the funeral nrnsof various departed inmates, all joined together by wraths of fruits and flowers; here and there female forms, clad in diaphanous robes, were blowing lustily on various wind instruments as though trumpeting forth to an admiring world the fame of those defunct pleaders whose ashes were supposed to rest peacefully in the above-mentioned urns. The doors of this room were of solid ma- : hogany; none of your paltry veneer, or clever "graining," false as the bloom of Ninon on a woman's cheek, but real, substantial, respectable mahogany, that would close with a deep and sonorous clang. Well, by one of these doors, the middle one, leading from the outer to the inner room, there hung a tale—or, rather a man—for on a massive peg in that same door, and by means of his own silk neckerchief, a melancholy clerk belonging to Pelham Pettigrew in the earlier days of his career did hang himself by the neck until he was dead. Such an occurrence was naturally unpleasant to the owner of the chambers. We are told in the "Ingoldsby Legends" that " To see a man awing At the end of a string" gave a certain young nobleman a weird and gloomy satisfaction; but, perhaps, had the affair taken place in his own particular dwelling, that young nobleman would have changed his mind. At all events, Pelham Pettigrew was not a little disgusted at the inconsiderate behaviour of His clerk in thus making his very disagreeable exit from life on another man's premises. The only satisfaction the great man gathered from the subsequent enquiry was the bringing to light of the reason that had impelled that unfortunate one to put an end to his own existence. " Suicide while in an unsound state of mind, caused by 'domestic troubles.'" That was the verdict with regard to the motive of the act. In fact, the clerk's wife had made things so insufferable to the clerk that he had fled from his sorrows after a most effectual manner. ** Quite—quite!" said Pelham Pettigrew as lie heard the verdict, and the first smile that had crossed his face for some time curled in a sneer about his lips. Of course the vacant clerkship must be filled; and, In spite of any superstitious terror that might have been supposed to act as a deterrent, the applicants for the post were numerous. Mr. Pettigrew selected the man whose appearance and manner best pleased him; then fixing his 'keen eye on the unhappy being he thus put" the question" to him— " Are yon a married man ?" " No, sir," said the clerk ; then he grew all over a moist pink hue, ani id twisting his hat in his hot liaiMii, hazarded a . confession "But—I—I—hope.to _ _ » be i soon, sir. "All Ah ! hnm hum! ! VPPV very / fnwll [well; Jw .• then under the circumstances of such being the prospect before you, I must ask you to give me your solemn word of honour, before entering my employment, that when you find it necessary to hang vourself, you tc*fi not do it on my premises." The man left the august presence of the " rising man of the day with his hair standing on end, and his eyes wider open than ever they had been before; but he was of a dauntleas nature thiB City clerk, and he cud not shrink either from the possible fact that _ . . 8 way in the dimness of the eventide, or yet from the eccentricities of the ghost's former master. Alto, it must be supposed that all wives are not equally aggravating, for though the new clerk married in due conrse, he had never apparently had occasion to make away with himself, since, at the time our story first crotses the line of Mr. Pelham Pettigrew's life, he was still in that gentleman's service, having been promoted to the position of head and confidential clerk, with a subordinate under him. Fron. what root the tree of Mr. Pettigrew's hatred of legal fetters had grown, it u not our province to enquire, since he is not cur hero, bat only one of the wheels—a •powerful one, I grant you, though—in the jnaebicery of cur story. I shall by no means take upon myself to say that his life had keen an immaculate one; but, be this as it may, a fastidious refinement •was never lacking in his demeanour to the women of his own social world. In the uresecce of such women his conversation was always rcfbw to perfection, and though brilliant never trenched ever so slightly •upon broadness of expression. On the other hand, among society exclusively masculine, the orcer of things was reversed, and the dainty viands on the festal board were not more highly seasoned than the conversation of the host. Yet, as a proof of the marvellous powers of adaptation this man possessed, it may be told of him here that if he saw (with that quick iDtuition that had been the pilot of his professional career) a dislike in any man to stories Mnacking of the coulisses, and the world that is called " half," he at ones became the brilliantly intellectual man of •culture—the wit, whose humour was as refined as it was trenchant. (To be continued. J 