MISSIONARY SERVICES. THE Rev. S. McFarlane conducted three services in different parts of the city yesterday, in aid of the funds of the London Missionary Society. At 11 a.m. he preached in the Wharf street Congregational Church to a large audience, taking for his text Isaiah xiii, part of verse 4, "The isles shall wait for His law." The preacher, in speaking to the text, said that the subject of foreign missions might be profitably contemplated in the light of Hebrew prophecy, All the rays of light radiating from [Hebrew prophecy were found to converge in the promised Messiah as the central figure in the grand panorama of coming events. Christ duly appeared on the earth, and ere he departed he said, " Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost" That command admitted of no questioning from the clover disciples to whom it was given, and it was as binding now as when it was first uttered. These were the "marching" orders for all to obey. Comparing the islands of the Pacific as they were 100 years ago, when darkness reigned supreme, with their condition of to-day, he said that the spirit of God had truly caused a transformation in the state of the heathen nations. After the discovery of Australasia by Cook and others the cry had gone forth, " Who will volunteer to go forth as missionaries to reclaim the dwellers on these beautiful islands from heathenism to Christianity ?" Years passed away, but there was no response to the call. At length, however, it could be said that to the Puritans belonged the high honour of having been the pioneers in this bold work. To English Congregationalists was assigned the work in the South Pacific, and to those of America a similar undertaking north of the equator. The history of modern missions was but an appendix to the acts of the apostles, while Puritan missions in Polynesia formed a bright and glorious chapter in that appendix. In 1795 the London Missionary Society was formed, and a year later the good ship Duff bore away the pioneer missionaries to the South Sea Islands. After recounting the difficulties with which the party had to contend from the time they left London until their arrival at Tahiti, the history of the Tahitian mission was well known how the missionaries toiled for nearly twenty years before a single convert was made. At length the dawn approached after along night of toil and the glad news was received that a vessel was on the sea, bound for England, freighted with idols, which had been cast aside by the idolaters. From that time henceforward all missions in Polynesia had benefited by the experience of the Tahitian mission, and the history if that mission had entirely exploded the idea that civilisation should precede Christianity in the evangelisation of a heathen, people. He then reviewed the progress of the work from the time missions were established at the Friendly, Navigator, and Society Islands, Samoa, and also the Sandwich Islands, Tonga, and Fiji, and last, but not least, New Guinea and the New Hebrides. The number of native Christians belonging to Protestant missions in the South Sea Islands was now about 350 000, of whom 70,000 were communicants. The prominent features of all these missions were and are still preaching, Bible translation, establishment of schools and printing presses, organisation of churches, and a study of the general welfare of the people, including their civil, social, and physical condition. Whilst the missionary was forming Christian Churches his wife would be forming what was equally as impor- tant namely, Christian homes, and in the South Seas to-day there were multitudes of homes the centres of refinement, culture, happiness, and intelligence Referring to the valuable assistance rendered by the native teachers he said that from Tahiti to New Guinea the native converts had been the pioneer evangelists. Those native teachers were better acquainted with the habits, manners, and customs of the heathen than were the white missionaries, and were thus well adapted to fill the gap between the debased savage and the European missionary, and his experience proved that native teachers could influence the father of their class far more quickly than could the white missionaries. He maintained that the Mission Churches of Polynesia had been modelled after the New Testament and apostolic pattern, and the English and American Nonconformist missionaries had faithfully carried out the last command of the Saviour to "go and teach all nations." The seed had been sown, and much good had been produced. Many isles and tribes were still waiting for His law. How could they believe in Him of whom they had not heard. How should they hear without a preacher, and how could the preacher preach unless he were Bent The millions of heathens must remain for ever ignorant of the salvation of Jesus, and perish in the blindness of idolatry unless the news of His mercy be conveyed to them by the lips of His living herald. It was a great honour conferred upon all Christians that they should be permitted to labour with God in the great scheme of drawing the world to Christ, for on that Aherne depended their spiritual health,nay,tbeir spiritual existence. In the afternoon the preacher delivered an interesting address to children in the large room of the Town Hall. After describing the appearance of a New Guinea native, together with some of the manners and customs of the people, he illustrated by a number of amusing little anecdotes the fact that these natives frequently looked at matters in a far different light to that of the civilised races, and hence allowance should be made for many apparently faulty traits in their character. He then recounted in a very lucid manner thefeistory of the mission in New Guinea from the time of its formation in 1871 to the present day. He concluded by stating that none of those present were too young to assist in some form in the mission work, and exhorted them to aid to the best of their ability the advancement of this great and noble cause. In the evening he preached to a large audience in the Brighton-road Congregational Church, taking for in to St Mark vi, part of verse 3, "Who shall roll away the stone." He referred to the stone that had been placed on Christ's sepulchre, and which appeared as an obstruction to the women who had gone to visit and anoint the body ; but when they arrived they found the stone had already been rolled away, He compared the obstructions in the carrying out of the missionary work in the Pacific to these stones, and said that very many stones had been removed, and many more remained to be removed. He referred to all the hardships which had to be endured by these missionaries, many of whom had seventeen martyred in the cause, He asked his congregation of Christians, young and old, to take such an interest as would aid this noble cause. It was for the Church to do the work not for any Individual person, for it was a responsibility which should be shared alike by all, and even if they did not go to distant lands they could assist in many shapes and forms in the extension of the kingdom of Christ, both in this country and in the heathen lands. Collections at each service were taken up in aid of the London Missionary Society. 