POOR MISS BAINES. (CONCLUDED.) CHAPTER X. Lady North was dying. A little vanity aid a little imprudenco,'a -low necked dress, and a foolish stroll out of heated rooms into cool gardoens-a dangerous chill, as poor Sir Gilbert expressed it--had done fatal work; and the life so bright, so favoured by fortune, the life that had so craved for the good things of this world, and had secured them at any cost to itsold:or others, was. passing away from them slowly, but surely, leaving all sho longed so desperately to stay and en joy- love, rank, wealth, youth, power, all that men and women count good and pleasant. Horteonso North lay dying. Sir Gilbert hovered aboiut her with wild solicitude and fretting grief ; but in her weakness and-misery Lady North turned from the husbanid she had never really loved--merely valued for the good things he gave hior -to her only sister who loved her so devotedly, and to whom" all such heart ;as Hortenso could spare from; herself had been given. They were sitting in -Lady North's boudoir one warm, sweet afternooon, and Helen was trying by every means in her power to bring a smnile to the wan, beautiful, wretched face; to banish that look of.bitter despair that had booeen ever upon it since she overheard a few whispered words from the doctor to her husband. " Helon," said Lady North, inter rupting some cheerful tale Helen was relating, " how did Lance Vyso treat you at M- ? I only found out yesterday that hlie . was there with you." Up to Helen's dark hair flushed the sudden crimson. " He treated me much as I treated him," she said, proudly. "And how was that? Don't turn away, Helen.- I don't doubt,. your, truthfulness, but when conversation takes a very important turn I like .to see my companion's .face," with, a? ghost of her old.b right smile.. " Oh, we didn't see mnuch 'of each other, ino more than we could help."' H1elen tried to speak dasily.. " Whose arrangement ,was that ?" asked Hortense. . . "Mutual. WVe. did not quarrel when we-o. parted; in fact, we were very good friends:" ' " You were bidding fair to be morei than friends when he was staying: here, Helen. My little sister, i ain afraid I did you a grievous wrong." Lady North's voice shookla little,"and tears softened her bright eyes, as. she put one fragile arm around Heloaand arew her head down close to her own. "I have boon a wicked-woman, and perhaps it is only just that the happi ness that I spoiled others' lives to win should be 'taken from me before I Lhro Lad tieo 'u eujoy it. I6 is, .1 suppose, the punishment I deserved. I killed the man I loved; yes, I,loved him, Holen,-.even in .the moment I -dealt his death-blow. I deceived- the husband. who trusbed me so' kindly, and for that I sacrificed my sisters happiness. I have had time to think it-all-out, you sooee. The heartlessness, the falsity, the selfishnoss of it all. Oh,' Helen, if I could:live my own life over again I.would be different." Helen's tears were falling fast, as, eshe wound her arms round her sister's neck, but she checked them to whisper, sweet words of comfort, until the do spair.passed from the white, wan face, and peace stole in to soften it. "I can put-one wrong right," Lady : North said presently. "I got Gilbert to send for Lance Vyso yesterday, and when he comes-he will come to-day, I think-I will confess to him as I confoss to you now, how, to secure myself from scandal,. and all that, I let him: think it was you who jilted ,Dunstan-Grey." Just for an instant -the- soft- support -round Hortonse's neck relaxed, and Helen's face turned 'away- with an expression of incredulous pain upon it. "Can't you forgive that ?"- cried Lady North in quick \- desjiair. ' "But I can aind will.atone. I can make all that. right,, and .oh, Helen! remember you have all your life to live and be happy in yet, while mine is over. A long life, perhaps, *of love and happiness lis before you, only a little more pain and wbakness 'for me.." Think of that pitifully';" pleading ecarnestness flushing the 'boautiful face 'sand lighting the beau itiful eyes once:again. " Forgive your only sister, Helen, unless you want' to add. the last unboarablo drop to eer punishment; ' ' - . Darling, don't, I .love you,. and don't 'we forgive everything to , those we love ? It was only F mistake you ;made, dearest,. and-and," with-., a blissfuL-smile on her lips, "to -find out that it was a mistake,.that he' had reason -for his apparent fickleness, -that he was not thee kind of horrid man I. have, been thinking him for a year, youi know.; thatein fact, 'her tense," hidilng her pretty head shyly on the other's shoulder,. '' perhaps he ,dideovo -me-all the. nne, more than atones for any trouble I may have uindergone." ' "You will be verylvappy prsently, Helen," said Lady Noith, with asigh. " Then. entered Sir Gilbort. with inore dcidgety anxiety'than. ever iebout 1his expression and movements., He !wanted to know ifl her ladyship woiild like a drive.in the'.brougham,:or:au cagring in the chair, or have her lounge ewheeled,,into the conservatory for a little change, or whoeled ' along -the scorridoefor alittle exoreise..' But she Saniswered wearily, ' 'I think- note Gilbert; I am too tired ', then noting the look of pain on his face behie ?ife, held out her hand ind drew lis to her " I should like you to. si with me a while, dear. ?Havo-you-heard from Lance ? When is- he'coming?" ' "I have jdst had a telegram; he will:le 'here to-night.": ; R;emember, I want to see him at, once 'when he comes, and alone,." said Hlore- ise, feerishly. "You need not be jealous, Gilbert; it wvil be only a business interview," with an effort at a smile and a light tone. "My dearest, I would stifle jealousy and overy fooeeling my nature contains if it would benefit you/' the baronet answered, forgetting 'his pedantic stiffness in his passionate sorrow and love. "I wanted to see you, Lance," said Lady North, holding out her hand to Vyse some hours afterwards. "This is aprivato and confidential interview., I am going to entrust a secret to your care, but beofore I do so, to show me. that.I may have confidence in you, you must entrust one of yours to me, as they do in the confidence trick, you know," with a slight smile. "If I havo ,one," he replied, guardedly. "Are you better, Lady, North?" "I am feeling much betteor this evening, thanks, but you may make: those inquiries afterwards. Comeo here, please, whore I can get a good light on your face. I have taken a, fancy to study countenances lately, and invalids must be humoured you know. Now," with her bright; bright eyes on his face, as she slightly loaned towards him, "do you or do you not love my sister Helen?" "Lady North!" the dusky colour darkened his face as he uttered the ro sentfulexclamation; "I am at a loss to-" "You may call me Horteonse, if you like," she interrupted, blithely.. I am hoping we may be nearer relations than cousins. Of. course, I cannot say anything, about Helen's . senti monts, but I road youirs off just now to perfection. You do love her, as I though t." ' '. "1 said nothing.of the kind," he began, unsteadily. "But your face did. Like. all men, you prevaricate with your, 'lips when everyou get the chance; thatwas why I would have your features, under my supervision," with a laugh like her old days. "You love her, then, as she deserves to be loved, and that is do votedly, with. all. the strength and' passion of. your heart." The light 'words grew more earnest. "I am sure 'Miss Neville is worthy-" But again she' interrupted his stiff tones. . "You are sure Miss Neville is worthy of you! So she is-and you wouild have proposed to'her 'a year ago 'but for a mistake you' fell. into and I fostered. Come closer, Lance. Having got yours, I will tell you'my secret; you. will keep it, I know. My hus band hasonough to bear now without raling up old troubles- to poison the trust and love lie may give me for the little.time .I may claim it now. It 'was Iwho was engaged to Dunstan Grey; I who threw him over when a richer man appeared; ;'.I who wrecked his life and cared. 'nothing for' his sufferings; I who ani virtuallyguilty of his death., Helen had nothing whatever to do with it" " There was silence;' then "But I saw her meet him once here in the park-at night, secretly," Vyse said in odd, stifled tones. "Ah, instead of me-at my per suasion-to keep an appointment "I was unable to do,. and to coax my letters from. him... That wras all 'yan or anyone else eversaw, Lance." "But he told me.with his own lips it was Helen Neville who had Jilted I him. I asked him the question. . "He misunderstood your question, if he told you that; he was 'just half mad then, and it was easy to mix Helen and" Hortense Neville.' The photograph that he. had was exactly ike Helen:. I calculated upon that, and I helped your mistake on when, I saw you had made it, on purpose to shield myself.' I meant to put all right presently, but the time never, seemed to come ; and then I tried'to ease my conscience by believing' you neither of you cared." "Cared!" He echoed the.word in a tone that spoke volumes. "You believe me now ?" said Her tense, with her fictitious brightniess passing away, and. her face growing wearyas she leaned upon her couch. "You believe that I spealk the truth, when I tell you that. .Helen only knoew Dunstan as my betrothed. She never flirted in her life. ILdo not think she could if she tried; she does not know how to; some people don't, you know; to others it is an inborn' passion, like gambling or drinking, the curse of their lives. -Whoever wins Helen as awiffe will be the luckiest man on the face of the earth, for.a truer, sweeter, nobler, more unselfish, loviilg girl ?loes not breathe. Now go ?and' got lirto, entertain you in the drawing-room a little, and send Gil bert here to ese." "Let me thanik you-. first," he said, raising the. thin white hands 'to his lips... Asid--isd, Hortense, do yiou 'think after all that has happened after the fool I have been-the". base 'way 'I have dared to treat her, that she will-that.in fact I can--that I might venture, to' hope ?" " 'It is always better to ask such questions at 'head-quarters," L dy North replied,. smiling.' " ill you tell Gilbert to come here directly, pleaso?" "'Helen was . singing when Lance Vyse entered, the drawing-room, and meeting his cousin outside in the hall, and giving Hortenee's messsge to inm, he noiselesely' 'entered the rooni, arid the song went on undisturbed, It was 'Tennyson's.".Break, break,. and when it was. finished-domo one ,leaned over the piano 'and repeated two of its lines with menuining .mphasis:- ' "' Aud I would that my tongue could ulit-'" Tie Ihoughto thant ainei'dm...' ... "' Oh, Mr.-.Vyso, you are werse'than aghost f" --she sprang up with issudden bui"sh and' tremor, then, calling back her self possession, she offered her hand. with 'a convontional smilo, "How db youn:o ?, You-havo only just come, I suppoe . "T' have "been' here some. httle time; I hare 'beenh .upstairs with yoii~ sister," he said,:,commg a step nearer and looking it herwc'th earnest 'thril ling gaze.., Helen could not have uttered mere than'i fht' monosyllable to save, her life. ..Sho"moved away from the piano, hatdly.kknowingwhy, and beit over the forue grouped in pretty pots before one of the windows. "elolcn," Lance sazd, u.'Lt a-aun steady accent in his voice. "Is not this a pretty fern ?" she cried, hastily. "I will examine it, presently," he said, taking it from her hands and laying it down. Then as her- hands hung uselessly before her, he pos sessed himself of them both, and his close warm pressure sent a thrill to her very heart, a thrill of keenest, most exquisite joy., " Helen, what have you been think-. ing of me during the year?" "Not much," she faltered, trying to, look up and failing, while her coloud deepened painfully, and she wondered if she would over be cool again. "Not much? I should think not," he answered, "yetImay count myself a lucky man; I think, if you have not, been thinking me the most con-, summate fool and scoundrel upon this earth!" "That is a little strong, she said, with a fleet, arch smile. As his emotion increased and his. voice trembled, her self- possession began to return. "Strong? Not half strong enough for the fool, the villain I' have been. Helen,. do you. remember one even ing. a year . ago, -when' we stood in this room, alone, by that piano ?" "What evening ?" she asked, look-. ing out of the window. "Have you forgotten?" he asked, with resentful pain.in his voice. "We stood here by that piano so many evenings, Mr. Vyso." ".Only once alone; only once I dared to ask you for a flower you were wearing, and you gave me it. 'I liife it. now, treasured up. as my. dearest possession-youshall see it again some day•." . . ''Did you really keep it ?" 'she whispered, soft arid o16w. " Does not a man generally manage to keep the .thing he prizes most on earth.? He is an idiotif he does not." "Ali, but thenou most men are that, more or less," sheli said, demurely, with a happy'. laugh. He glance, at her admiringly, as if she had made the greatest discovery of the ago. then bonding towards.her, holding those trembling, hands as if he were never going to part from them again, hlie whispored,-.. "Do you remember after you gave me your.flowerwhathappened? You let me kiss you, Helen.'. ." You mean that you took a most unwarrantable unencouraged liberty, and kissed me Whether I would or no. If iou go into details, be 'correct, ?ir. Vysoe." "But you were so dear, so sweet, so kind, you did not resent it-and then I made a mistake, the greatest I everi made in mylife ;. one tlihat has given me the most cruel suffering,' Helen, for twelve long months." ' "Has it ?" she.whispered tenderly, raising her sweet kind eyes. Then she was giving him. every encourage ment, and he was madly in lore'.with her --lie took her.into his arms again, raising her fair arms and .twinin' them round his neck. as he presse her to his heart -and -kissed her,-not once but many times. " My darling, my sweetest, dearest darling; are you going to forgive me after all ?" he. asked, rather late in the day, perhaps, 'fdor suich a prelimi nary question. . . .. "I.. suppose I :must;"..,sho, said g uerous y, " Decaiuse -nher , head rested on his. breast,' her. face was hidden--"I.have, lo.ed d:you ,all - theo time, Lance." . * " You'know all about the wretched mistake.that I'mniade'?" lie asked, after alongpause,- far-more-expressive.and deli htful' than any conversation. "Yes;. Hortense told me every thing before she told you.. Poor. Hortense ! you- don't- bjame her, I hope, dear ?' "I blame nobody but myself-just at present I cannot do. even :that;"' heo said, rapturouisly. 'F "'Helen, I think there never lived- on earth a woman one-half so noble, so generous, so for giving, so unselfish, so true, so sweet as you." ' "No-I. doi't suppose- there -ever did," she replied, modestly. , "So you didnt want .to marry a flirt"-=leaning back to gaze into his with laughing, radiant eyes. . " I am going to marry a woman tar too good for anything so contemptible as that. But I think if you'were to tell 'me now that you 'were a flirt, Helen, I could. not.let you go agaiu. ' Darling," gazing into the sweat dark eyes,- "you- are everything- in-- this 'world.to meonow." "Indeed ! "What, a little world you are reducing yourself to,"- then tenderly again as she puits a hand up to hiiq face, she whispered,," Did you really suffer, Lance, all that time you were-so cold-and stern with me - "Did :I. suffer, when I saw ,that 'brainless BrUce daring to couiirt you-, pwhn I sa. you smiling and chatting '"It ,was very hard work, Ilance, sometimes." ""Only dometieild'?F'" " Oh, you ?ealous goose---Alwa.?y when you were not there.". " Well--" witha. 'sigh" of 'relief 'his day is ovei r now, and lie inay go 10 ,the? ogs1 for aught' yell care, darling,-mayn.t Iho i'"' • :. -"' SNo --he may' go 'to MiMs Ntillar," correctedi elen, gedt ly;' "she' will valub him alniasti'-"as' much as I val no, I-mean as-- much .as.. you .value me.e I ;:hope .'. some,' kind friend will correetMiss Baines' error," Miss Nevill. went on, .,ifter aiother paus,', "I don.t wantiany more pistols fired-at me by mistake, Lance, oven if you arethere-to save me" with a-le sug,- upward glance. " No, by' Georghe" said Vyse' with IA sludder. ;" "'Twil go. and see that womasi' iyself, and if her brain -can understand'.it eipiain the mistake a photograph- led. hei intoand also that 'vengeance has been taken out of- her 'hands now." ',"'," ? ' ' ' '--.Lance had a loung interview? iwith Sii BBainos; and she' did utde ?tad, .The cloud lia4' lifdtedtiisporsiik aird it seemed a relief to her ,that, she had not done the h'uiri"' 'ier madness had prompted.- -On- Helen's wedding-day \--an early day, because -Lady North begged bhatther sister might, bea par nied wlule sho'lived, and there was no timo'to spare, she knew--a box was put into the bride's hand containing an exquisite diamond cross and a card with the 'Words written in poiecil "Forgive and forget ;" and that oross and card came from poor Miss Bainos. 