CHAPTER II. Ezeklel Gathercole was the model of all that a gentleman's groom should be— keen-faced, clean-limbed, quick with eye and hand, nimble on his feet, neat in figure, and natty In dress. It was a pleasure, a study even, to watch him about a horse; a treat to see him seated, in irreproachable collar, and white scarf, and mulberry coat, and perfect breeohes and boots, behind his master's dogcart. He had been in John Langley's service from a boy, being the son of Jeremiah Gathercole, deceased, one time landlord of the Blue Bonnet Inn, on Haverings Green; and next in his love for the horse —the noblest friend of man—did Ezekiel Gathercole hold in high esteem and warm affection the three sons of Anak and their ] sister. But it is doubtful if any family, however old and endeared by kindly associations, could have taken first place in the heart of Gathercole so long as there was a horse left in their stables. With Ezekiel it was " love his horse, love him;" and just in the same way that he had his favourite in loose box and stalls, and, while faithfully fond and proud of them all, and thinking there was no stud to come up to Haverings, still set "Tim Finnigan" far and away before the rest, so also in his warm allegiance to all the members of the Langley family did he chiefly worship "Mr. John." ThiB present morning Gathercole has just brought the dogcart back from St. Bees Bail way Station, whither it has taken Bamrod, with all his impedimenta and shooting paraphernalia, en route to the Moors. "Well, Zeke," says 'Nimrod, coming into the yard just as Gathercole lightly j springs from the high footboard to the cobbled causeway. "Mr. Bryan catch his train all right ?" "Yes, sir; close shave though; juBt touch and go. Steady, Baron I" patting soothingly the smooth, shining neck of the big, brown horse, impatient to be rid of collar and bridle, and get to his break fast. " So, I hear you have your grandfather down to see you," continued Nimrod. " I hope he is welL" "Well and hearty, sir, and lively as a two-year-old. He says he is enjoy ing his visit amaaingly, and seems to take quite an interest in what he calls agricultooral-looral pursuits." "I suppose he misses his letter-bag, doesn't he ?" asked Nimrod. " A postman without his letter-bag must feel like a snail without his ahelL" " There's not much of the. snail about old grandfather, sir," responded Ezekiel. " It's really astonishing how he scratches gravel when on duty, up one street, and down another, and round the square in no time; but as you were saying, sir. about missing his letter-bag, the thing he seems to feel the want of most la the door knockers." "Ah, I dare say; 'the postman's knock,' eh V " Yessir; grandfather, he's a great | hand at picking up job lots, you know, sir. He's always talking about his splendid bargains." Nimrod looked, momentarily at his groom's expressive face to see if any covert satire lay hidden in this remark; but Gathercole, all unwitting of any personal application in hiB reference to the bargaining, tendency displayed by his grandfather, innocently went on. "Yes, he's a regular old woman for buying a pack of rubbish that he doesn't want, and never will want, and that nobody else belonging to him for forty generations ever will want, just because it's cheap. ' Qcite a sacrifice, Zeke, my boy,' Bays he after one of his famous purchases. 'There, look at that, now; ain't it a splendid bargain?' That's it always—'a splendid bargain,' and nine times out of ten of about as much use to him as a trunk full of patent leather | dancing shoes would be to a boa con strictor." "No doubt a good many bargains of one sort and another come under his notice," said Nimrod. " A postman must frequently get chances that way when folks are moving on bis round, or furniture sales are on, but I shouldn't have thought he would have found time to bid." "Oh, that doesn't delay him, sir; ' going, going,' he hears the auctioneer bawl through the open window as { be hurries round the square; he pops; no matter what it i a dozen of electro-plated spoons, or a box of prime old manilas, he has a bid for them, only one; if they are knocked down to him, well and good ; off he goes about his business ; if somebody else tops his offer, well and good, just the same, off he goes about his business, quite con tented." " Umph j he's a bit of a character, your grandfather, Zeke. I should like to have a chat with him. How long leave of absence has he got from London ?" Another week yet, sir. He'd be real pleased and proud to meet you, sir. And talk of the thingumbob, here he comes." Whereupon up trotted a sprightly, little old man, another Ezekiel, with forty yeara added to his age. The same keen face and quick eye, the same slender limbs and nimble step. "My grandfather, Solomon Gather cole, sir. The master, Mr. John," said Ezekiel by way of introduction, then leaving to get on with his day's work. "So, you are going in for a week's rustication, Gathercole 1" said Nimrod to the London letter carrier. "Yes, sir, that's about it, sir. The country, sir, is uncommon sweetandsooth ing to the spirit after the wear and tear and eternal rat-tat and buBhels of bills and billydoos of modern Babylon, d'ye see ?" " So I should think. I have no doubt you find your work a trifle monotonous and wearying at times." "Indeed we do, sir. To the thoughtful man, sir, it is a terrible thing to be the messenger of fate. Ah, the millions of blue envelopes which I have delivered. Breakfast blisters we call them. But I like the profession—the work is not easy, and the work is not always congenial to a man's higher feelings; but, take it on the whole, yes, upon the whole, Bir, I like it, and hope to end my days as a super animated poBtman. Still, it's uncommon pleasant down here in the country, sir, and the only thing I really miss is the knockers, though, with your kind per mission, sir, I hope to artificially supply that want, sir, d'ye see. ?" " Pray don't hesitate to ask anything we can do to add to your pleasureand com fort, Gathercole; juBt name it, and we'll try to carry it out. What is it ?" " Well, it's this way, d'ye see, sir. As I was saying, I certainly do miss the door knockers, uncommon. I was hoping that the woodpecker tapping at the hollow elm-tree would have partly provided a substitute for the familiar rat- tat, but you don't seem to have any woodpeckers in these parts, sir, and so as I was over at St. Bees yesterday, I dropped into the Fenshire Auction Mart there, and what should I pick up but a dozen of door knockers, all shapes and sizes—a splendid bargain, screwed off by some young St. Bees ' bloods' I'll be bound." " Yes, and what do you propose doing with your bargain ? Taking them up to town and disposing of them to the Home for deorepid postmen ?" "Not exactly, sir. No, what I was thinking, sir, d'ye see, was to fix them up in a row along the big barn, and then I could take my usual morning exercise. I should enjoy my breakfast a good deal better; not a doubt about that, and it would afford me a simple and I trust not extravagant gratification." "Oh, fix up your knockers by all means, Gathercole," said Nimrod laugh ing, "but beware of the prowling St. Bees ' bloods' lest they snatch away your treasures." "I hope I sha'n't disturb anything with the noise, the poultry or pigs or any thing. I am not very well acquainted with the habits of farmyard denizens, but I don't suppose any dangerous alarm will be created by such an innovation as a postman's knock. Are you of opinion, sir, that the roosters will put the unusual commotion down to the Cock-lane Ghost?" "Oh, you won't do any harm, Gather cole. Bap away as merrily as you please." Whereupon the cockney postman on leave proceeded in high content to affix his choice assortment of door-knockers to the west side of the barn, while John Langley mounted his sturdy cob to ride down to the barley-field. As Nimrod cantered along at that steady rocking-horse kind of pace peculiar to well-fed farmers' cobs down the black berry-bordered lanes leading from the back of the stables to what were known as the home meadows there drove into the front gates of Haverings Manor a stoutish, ruddy - complexioned, clean shaven, mild-visaged, young clerical gent, seated behind a fleabitten mare in a hooded gig. "Ah, F—Fishing-wod," said the visitor, pulling up at the porch, and ad dressing Geoffiy, just then coming out, and who cordially returned the greeting with a " Good day, Spilkins." The Beverend Horatio Nelson SpiUdns, M.A., Curate of All Angels' Church, St Bees, then with much agility sprang from his antiquated vehicle, having first looped the reinB Bafely round the whipsocket, and with a tremendous amount of fervour and energy—excess of nervousness it really was—vigorously shook Geoffry's outstretched hand. " G—glorious morning, isn't it f" said he enthusiastically, "Just the day for a" "Don't say for a Sunday-school treat," interjected Fishing-rod imploringly. "Say for a funeral, a flitting, an Irish eject ment, a goose fair, or a camp meeting— anything, right reverend sir, rather than a Sunday-school treat." "Iw—was about to observe for a—a barley-cuttiDg," remarked the curate in response to Fishing-rod's characteristic protest. '' la Miss D—Dorothy at home V " Yea, I think' she's in the conservatory Do you want to see her about one of your I —what is it you call them, Dorcas [ functions or song-of■ the-shirt symposiums, is it ? Come along, and we'll find Doll." " H—no, wesdly," stammered the Rev. Horatio. " It is n—nothing p—particular. 1 was p—pasaing, j—just p—passing—a n—nothing more. I—I musn't intwude upon MisB Dorothy at this early hour. She is d—doubtless busy with her d—domestic d—duties." " Humbug, Spilkins. You Churchmen UBed to have an old-fashioned book called ' The whole duty of man,' and the ' Banguine party after whom you were named is recorded to have expressed on behalf of England at Trafalgar the ex pectation that every man that day would | do his duty; but the duty of woman, what is it? And even supposing it has \- any existence, who on earth ever expected I to see her perform it ? Hot even kelson, credulous as he clearly was, went to that length." J " I—iwwevewent scoffer," exclaimed i the curate. "The—the whole duty of ] woman is to look beautiful, and as a wule, m—mark you, she does it to p—per fection. But I—I think I must be d—dwiving on. I was only p—passing, .just p— passing, nothing more." "Rubbish, come along, man," said Fishing-rod, linking his arm in the curate's, and cheerfully humming to him self "It was a friar of orders grey" as he marched him off the conservatoiy in -quest of his sister. "Good morning, Mr. Bpilkins," said i Queen Mab, snipping off a withered geranium truss. "How, please don't tell me the organist has bought a yoke of oxen, and must needs go and try them, or that the leader of the choir has married a wife, and so you want me to either play for you or sing for you on Sunday." H—no, Miss Dorothy, I am not pro posing to twespass upon your good nature this time. 1 was p—passing, j—just p—passing." "Pass again, parson. Look here, you know, my clerical friend, you have Baid that twice already, and besides it isn't strictly truthful, pardon me, because, don't you nee, ii you were 'just passing' you would not" "Pray, don't' argufy,' Fishing-rod,but | ask Mr. Spilkins to stay to luncheon," Interrupted Queen Mab. " Yes, SpilkinB, happy suggestion, Btay I to luncheon; no refusal. I'll write to the Archbishop of Canterbury and make i it all right, and in the meantime I'll go round and find somebody to look after that untamed steed of tartaric acid of | yours." "Butweally, m—mark you,"protested J the curate. " And after luncheon I'll drive into St. BeeB with you. I've got a little business to do there, so you'll really be conferring a favour on me by staying. I suppose you'll give me a seat in your chariot 1" "With p—pleasure, F—Fishing-wod, but m—mark you," vainly protested the Reverend Horatio. " That's settled, then. How I'll be off ] for half an hour, and leave you and Queen Mab to your edifying converse about Dame Durden, or Dorcas was it, who j kept five sewing girls to fashion the flannel—ahem ! But mind, Doll, no bazaars; and I charge you—an' you love me—no Sunday-school treats." "But m— mark you, weally," once again feebly expostulated the Reverend Horatio, only, however, to find his speech unheeded by Fishing-rod, who walked serenely off, leaving the bashful curate to the tender mercies of the mischievous, -capricious, bewitching Queen Mab. How, the Reverend Horatio Helson Bpilkins, M.A., for all his hesitating atammer, and inability to "pwonounce pwoperly," as he called it, the letter "r," was by no means a nervous nincompoop nor an affected noodle. The slight im pediment in his speech, not sufficiently marked to be annoying, and the other little peculiarity of utterance were natural to him from childhood in the ordinary -conversation of life; but hear him in the pulpit or on the platform when thoroughly warmed up with his subject, and the words poured out in a strong, unchecked torrent, and the Dundreary-like " w" in place of " r," which those who knew him -only casually set down for a piece of foppish affectation, disappeared, or was bo slightly marked as to be hardly noticeable in the grand flow of his marvellous eloquenoe, and amidst the magnificent imagery and wonderful word pictures of his almoBt inspired language. And there lived nowhere a kinder-hearted | man or a truer gentleman than the Reverend Horatio Helson, as many a poor | .pensioner or bed-ridden old woman, both in and out of St. Bees Almshouse, could, -nnd did—for there is still some gratitude extant in that ridiculously old-fashioned corner of the globe — most cheerfully testify. Of course he was in love with Miss Dorothy Langley. Everybody was in love with her, from Major Spratley, of the Fenshire Militia, down to the latest addition to the clerical contingent of the City and Eastern Counties Bank. They all were devoted to this imperious, tantalizing, winsome little Queen Mab, and more deeply than any of his numerous fellow-victims was the Reverend Horatio Helson, smitten with her charms, and the knowledge of his secret passion doubtless had something—a good deal, in fact—to do with the curate's unhappy nervousness in Dorothy's presence, and probably he never' appeared to worse advantage or i displayed such a lamentable lack of self - possesBion as on this eventful morning, when Fishing-rod, chuokling in his sleeve, left the poor fellow to a tete-a-tite with | Dorothy. However, the lunoheon-hour at last came round, and with it came Geoffry singing— Oh, the gallant fisher's life, It is the beBt of any, 'lis fall of pleasure, void of stiife, And 'tis beloved by many. Other joys Are bat toys. Only this Lawful is. For our skill Breeds no ill, But content and pleasure. Whereupon the Beverend Horatio aptly quoted — " Lady, my master left me alone for an hour this day, and I verily believe he retired himself from talking with me .that he might be bo perfect in thiB song. Was it not, master ?" To whom Fishing-rod as aptly answered, with a sly glance at Dorothy—" Yes, indeed. . . . And therefore, without replications, let us hear your catch, scholar, which I hope will be a good one, for you are both musical, and have a good fancy to boot." And Queen Mab most unaccountably blushed, and immediately afterwards re garded her youngest brother with magnificent scorn, and the Beverend Horatio confusedly protested—"N—no, indeed, I am n—no s—singer, though I am very f—fond of m—music, mark you." And with the luncheon-hour likewise came Nimrod, cantering home from the barley-field, and marching into the cool, shadowy dining-room with his long swing ing stride, with a hearty grasp of the hand and hospitable greeting for the Beverend Horatio, and taking the head of the table with the characteristic remark—"Bryan will have grand weather | for the moors. Say grace, please, Spil kins." That was John Langley all over. "Batnrod is mad on sport, and Fishing-rod is sott on 'the gentle art,' and neither of them are particularly fond of farming," said he frequently to good-natured comrades who delicately sought to point out that the lion's share of the work and responsibility, the whole of the management of the estate in short, appeared to fall upon his shoulders. " While as for myself," with a sweeping disclaimer of any pre tensions to more industry than his brothers, " now, I do like farming, and 11 don't like cub-hunting, and—and, fact is, what's a man to do to put through his time until hunting commences if he doesn't look after his property, eh ?' And so, now, although harvest was in full' swing, and there were a thousand and one things constantly demanding his attention and requiring the supervision of the "master's eye," and though he was in the saddle from dawn to dusk, or trudging here or driving there, it never for one moment suggested itself to his J unselfish soul that Bryan, speeding north ward to the moors, or Geoffty, passing j his early mornings and cool evenings throwing the fly upon the placid surface I of the Deadman's Hole in Haverings Brook, were unfairly taking life easily, and leaving all the cares and anxieties of | the estate for him to bear unaided. "Fact is, Bamrod and Fishing-rod don't 1 cotton' to farming, and I'm rather fond of it myself, and there's nothing but cub hunting for six weeks yet, which I abominate." That summed it all up in Nimrod's mind. And so the two big brothers and their absurd, little, delightful, duodecimo edition of a sister, together with the curate guest, sat down to their cold lamb | and salad, and Nimrod and the parson each emptied their big silver tankard J of cold, amber-hued, sparkling, home brewed ale, for the Beverend Horatio had been stroke in his College eight in his day, and was still a reputable bat in the Fenshire "eleven," and, "mark you," he was won't to observe, " although I cannot quite go to the length of convivial old ] Bishop Still in my praise of ' jolly good ale and old,' nevertheless I am decidedly of the opinion, expressed in another time honoured North Countrie song, that N—nothing on earth is so cheering As a b—bumper of good English ale." And after luncheon Nimrod rode down ] again to the barley harvest, and Fishing rod was driven in to St. BeeB by the curate to make up his assortment of flies. " Why don't you marry, Spilkins V abruptly enquired Geoffry as they rattled along between the honeysuckle hedge rows. " You'd make a capital Benedict, and you'll never get a good living unless j you first get a good wife." " W—well, you see," said the Reverend Horatio, flicking a fly off the fleabitten mare's near shoulder, "I couldn't very well m—marry as a curate, and I shouldn't t—think it f—fair to ask the 1—lady, e—even if there were a 1—lady, mark you,until I had the living already s—secured to offer her as well as my h—hand and h—heart and p—private f—fortune of one h—hundred and t twenty-five p—poundB sixteen shillings J and f—fourpence per annum." " Ob, go in and win, Spilkins. If she is anything of a brick of a girl she will J take you as you are; yes, and help you, too, to get the living afterwards. Jove, it's wonderful what an influence petti coats exert in Church preferment. So follow my advioe, Spilkms; don't let it be said of you any longer that 'he never told his love, but let concealment like a worm i' th' bud prey on his damask cheek,' but take unto yourself a wife. loan clearly see you have her in your 'mind's eye, Horatio,' and thus mount the first j rung iu that ladder of ecclesiastical > advancement which commences with the overworked, underpaid curate ' passing rich on forty poundB a year,' and ends 1 with Lambeth Palace and the Arch bishop of Canterbury." "Once in t—twenty t—thousand in stances," said the Reverend Horatio. " Generally such a step ends in a country parsonage with a very 1—limited income and an utterly unlimited f—family." " But you should pick up a girl with a little bit of money, Spilkins; that was good advice of the Northern farmer's to his clodhopping son— Doant thou marry for munny, but goa wheer munny is; and surely you must often in your parochial rounds 1 goa wheer munny is,' Spilkins, eh ?" All of which Geof&y; Langley uttered in simple good faith, never for a moment imagining chat his re marks had any Bpecial significance or in any way bore upon the relation in which 1 the Reverend Horatio stood towards Queen Mab. As for Spilkins falling in love with Dorothy, such a preposterous notion never entered his head, and yet what on earth else could he have ex pected 1 And that, of course, was just exactly what had taken place, and, if Fishiag- rod were ignorant of it, three people, at any rate, were well enough aware of It, though in different degrees of knowledge, namely, Nimrod, secretly sure; Queen Mab, secretly surer; the Reverend Horatio, secretly surest: but until he had got that living and called himself rector, or at least vicar, he had made a vow unto him self that he would not speak. Dorothy Langley, the charming girl mistress of HaveringB Manor House, should not marry an unbeneficed clergyman, country-town curate. 