ARGUS GLANCES. A visitor from Sydney was shown tlie illustra ted sheet of the Macleay Chronicle. " Now,!' lie remarked, " I can understand why 11. B. Smith has been so long member for the Macleay. Nobody but residents in cholera stricken buildings that these appear to be would vote for him." Mr, Kenny has constructed one of the most handsome graveyard iron palisading which is the admiration of all passers by. It is we believe intended to surround the burying place of Mr. E. B. Smith's political career. The s.s. Tilly May Mill run to and from the Frederickton Regatta and the Kempsey cricket match on Anniversary Day, and will not leave Kempsey till half-past 5 in order to give visitors full opportunity of witnessing the cricket match. Mr. W. E. Panton on his visit.to the Bel linger taught the Local Land Board the true interpretation of Farnell's Land Act. Mr. C. Sutherland, J.P. has made a dona tion of £5 to the Macleay Hospital. As he is returning to the Land o' Cakes this gentle man probably expects that he will have the prayers of the patients during his term of seasickness. The tender ' of Mr. John Watt has been accepted for the supply of drugs to the Macleay Hospital. It is estimated by com petent authorities that a saving of 50 per cent, will be made by this arrangement. Judge Windeyer has resigned the Presidency of the Sydney School of Arts. That institu tion has a chance of becoming popular now. If William Charles Windeyer would only re sign from the Bench — but no- — tlierc is too much bliss in the bare idea. Hopkins, in custody for an attempt to rob the Collingwood branch of toe Commercial Bank, has confessed his goilt- and given away his mates. There are 212 registered race clubs in New South Wales. The Salvation Ariny has opened .fire in Taree. We know of no place where its ope rations axe more required. The Taree-ble people of the Manning are reported to be the principal agents of the Devil in New South Wales. A dredge is about to be sent to Camden Haven. Its first work will be to clear away the empty whiskey bottles on toe crossing before attending to the bar. The most of the Camden Havenites are Good Templars. . Tee Macleay Chronicle has issued an illus trated sheet. With wise and commendable judgment the proprietors of the journal in question stated in prominent type that the views were those of Kempsey buildings. An ex French soldier on looking at the sheet said that the buildings strongly resembled those of an Annamese village after a week's severe and continuous bombardment. A Socialiet plot for the destruction of the Capitol at Washington has been discovered at Chicago. Nine thousand bombs had been distributed amongst the conspirators to carry out the plot. The Norddeutsclic Zeitung state that the German Government ha sordered the German flag, which was recently hoisted at Samoa, to be lowered. More building is going on now in Sydney than at any previous time. One of the causes of this is the unexampled cheapness of ma terial. The Bev._ Bichard Sellors has been elected President of the Wesleyan. Conference. Mr. W.H. N alder, licensed surveyor, has been appointed to the .permanent staff of the sur vey board of the Lands Department. In reply to the address from the wharf laborers, Lord Carrington said that the great est pride of his life was to think that ho owed his present position to the. integrity and industry of an ancestor who had risen from the ranks, The papers tell of a baby born without brains, who died in a few minutes. Nothing remarkable about his being born. The won der-is that he died instead of growing, up and going to Parliament, as so many do. The Hastings Biver is going ahead. A new wharf is to be erected at Wauchope, a new store has been established at Morton's Creek, or rather an old one has been resurrected. Two new stores are about to be erected at Beechwood. Dan O'Connor is making numerous improve ments in the post office. Among his inven tions is a system of holding post mortem examinations on dead letters. Mrs. Lane's Lime Juice Cordial is a most palatable and refreshing beverage. Try it. Mrs. Lane's Quinine Still Champagne, a healthy, invigorant, and innocuous stimu lant-. Copies of the Macleay Aryus may be ob tained from Mr. J. Watt, Kempsey, and Mrs. Jex, West Kempsey. The following is Josh Billings notice of a thoroughbred gentleman : — " A bobtail coat, a penny paper collar, a white kotton weskitt, yaller trousers without any cloth in the legs, shiny letlier boots; a pair of yeller gloves, and inside of 'em all a thing got up in imitation of a man, but, as the kounterfeiters say, ;poorly executed and kalkerlated to deseive. Mustasli indispensabul and branes onneces- sary. Fine specimens on exhibition." ' ' The South Australian Government is sur veying land on which to erect working men's small holdings, with twenty-one years' lease to be sold by auction at a reserve price of six pence per acre. Beer brewers in America employ an army of 500,000 men ; they have invested £50,000,000 in their business, and they sell 88,000,000 gallons of beer a year. A baronet whose pedigree occupies half a page.-ef'Debrett is working as a wharf la borer in Melbourne. He was formerly a well known figure on the English turf and a famous plunger. Should Mr. B. Burdett Smith be unseated, Mr. Kerrigan intends to contest the electorate of the Macleay with a view of becoming At torney-General in the next Ministry. £300 added money at -Greenhills. Pro gramme worth sporting men's while to look over. A man who has been there, discoursing on snakebites, says that the South Africans adopt the homoeopathic system' in treating cases. They collect the snake poison, dry it to powder, and apply to the wound when a snake bites them. He vouches for its com pleteness as an antidote. This is exactly the principle on which some people endeavor to recover from the effects of whisky. The brood mare Alpaca, dam of Bosworth, Palmyra, and Blchmohd, has netted her owner, Mr. A. Town, £10,000 by the sale of her foals. Bishop Moorhouse, of Melbourne, has had a call from the Lord to take the bishopric of Manchester. The episcopal screw of the See of Manchester is more than double that of Melbourne, while there are more " manave- lins" to be picked up in England than in Victoria. If the Bight Eev. Father in God had been Bishop of Manchester, and the Lordjvvauted him to go to Melbourne, the for mer would have to call and cooey till he was hoarse. Even then toe probability is that the . bishop" would not have heard him. ' ' The schooner . Lizzie Davis, from Sydney to the Clyde in ballast, went ashore at Tack ing Point, near Port Macquarie on Friday night last. She is a total wreck. Captain and crew were saved. The United Ireland threaten that renewed outrages shall be committed in Ireland unless evictions for the non-poyment of rent are stopped. . . A Chicago man wanted a divorce because his wife persisted in singing hymns. -Tlier Court laughed at him, and he would have lost his case had not the lawyer summoned the wife to the. witness stand and started her singing. At the fifth verse the Court threw up the sponge, and the divorce was granted. The cholera scare is over for the present. The quarantined patients at Brisbane have been released. Now there is a prospect of a more dreadful calamity than the cholera. For the next three months we may expect to find the newspapers full of inters from medi cal men discussing whether F.e complaint is cholera morbus or influenza. In 1860 only 5253 newspapers wore pub lished in the United States, or one for every 6000 inhabitants. Now 13,494 newspapers are published, or one for every 3176 inhabi tants — certainly a remarkable growth in twenty-five years. In 1885 about 2400 fresh newspapers were started in the United States, of which, it is suid, 1555 have already yielded up the ghost. The telegraph letter system, which has been adopted in America, came .into operation in Victoria on January 1. A letter bearing a 6d stamp may be handed in at any telegraph office for special delivery by a telegraph mes senger. Mr. David Walker, lately captain of the Cahors, has been appointed to the command of one of Howard Smith and Company's boats. Sir John Eobertson should tuke an example from Bismarck and claim the monopoly of manufacturing whisky or something, and thus solve the secret of making up toe deficit. A son of Mr. J. S. Farnell, M.L.C. perfora ted his skull with a revolver in Tamworth. The remains were taken to Sydney for inter ment. Mr. E. F. Budder has discovered a new goldfield on the Nymboida Creek, Grafton district. Mr. Griffith, Premier of Queensland, refer ring to the coolie labor question said that it was possible to cultivate sugar land in a different manner from the present method, and if coolie labor was persisted in another form of government would be required for the country. As to the Federal Council lie said that lie thought it would be prorogued in a fortnight by the Governor of Tasmania, and that the whole of the proceedings would be purely tentative. A farmer says that a cow can be cured of kicking by catching hold of her leg while in the act. Just so ; and a bee can be cured of stinging by catching hold of her sting while in the act. Try 'em both. It's fun. A man committed suicide at Mitiamo by swallowing a quantity of matches dissolved in beer. Lots of men commit suicide by swallowtng beer without the addition of matches. The Irish question continues to agitate the public mind in London, and much specu lation is indulged in . as to the course that will be adopted. Mr. Gladstone's views with regard to Home Bule have, if anything, be come more decisive. He is convinced that the Irish Parliament is essential, and being anxious to have the support of his late col leagues, in order that, if possible, the Liberal party maybe solidified on the question, he is endeavoring to convert those of them who have either opposed his scheme or have de clined to express an opinion on it. M. de Freycinet, in. a speech in the Cham ber of Deputies, propounded the policy of the new French Government. He hinted at thelike- lthood of the disestablishment of the Boman Catholic Church in France, and declared that rigorous economy would be enforced in the various departments, and that the Govern ment would undertake no farther colonising adventures. The London Daily Telegraph publishes a paragraph stating that the Government has resolved to re-introduce the boycotting clauses ill the Irish Peace Preservation Act. The receipts of gold at the Sydney Mint, for coinage purposes last year, shows a falling off of 52,883 ounces, valued at £203,783. 