RECENT POETRY. "OE njTV OF IB. M. .1. hAVAOE. ".i >■;' . • h ; i ■ > Jius of the long agone !»"•' a ci;;,- bv the sea"; 1 ;m ti:v ii In-nnoM woke, one siartled dawn, ' >:• !.■ t-oaet rtfUrittaiiy, !:''iir the white waves on the shingle liies, \ n! y.'ll out over the city of Is. Ami play with the sad debris. Eor the town had sunk in a single night ! And 'twas only yesterday That the bride had blushed in her young delight, 'That the priest had Jcneit to pray. ; linn the iislier cried his wares in the street, And all the life of the city complete Went on in its old-time wav. And still the city lies under the sea, With each square and dome and spire Distinct as some cherished fair memory Of a vanished heart's desire, Tliat once like a beautiful palace stood Hock-based to defy the wind and liood, .'Time's crumble-and tempest's ire. And as the sweet memory, buried deep, OYrswopl by the flooding years, Will still all its shadowy old life keep "With ghosts of its joys and tears, •so still, in the wave-drowned eity of Is, The people live over, in care or bliss, 'Their shadowy hopes and fears. When the sea is rough—so the sailors say— And the sunny waves are green, And the winds -villi- the white-caps are at play, The tips of the spires are seen, And peering-far down through the lucent deep, They glimpses catch of the eity asleep, A gleam with its fairy sheen. Or on boats becalmed, when the lazy swells Sleep, lulled by the idle air, They hear,-sweet-toned, the low music of hells Hull, calling the town to prayer. -A ever the shadowy joy of old Kings on, and forever the bells are tolled To echo some soul's despair. Each life is a sea still sweeping above Some sunken eity of Is— The long-cherished dream of a cherished love That only in dreams we kiss. \Yhat Yesterdays are sunk deep in the soul Above whose lost-treasures to-day's waves roll To mock what our sad hearts miss ! Ab, the glimpses rare of the submerged past"! They gleam in the light awhile, mock us with visions, that may not last, )f faces that used to smile, r.ow and then from the busy-to-day Vlie echoing tones of tlie far away. Our listening hearts beguile. Out not in the sunken city of'Is Khali the heart its treasures see, No jiilgriins forlorn to an old-time blise And a vanished past are we ; Dor all the glad music of olden times -.ill . faint, echoes of grander chimes '! ii.ii. ring in the time to he! 