SPOBTING. MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [By Telegraph.1 Melbourne. December 30. Messrs. Yuille So Co. hold an important sale of thoroughbreds on Tuesday next at Newmarket. The list includes a dozen year lings 'from Mr. J. Mitchell's stud. Among the colts are full toothers to; Edith and at Lawrance. The fillies include a siBter to Santa Claus and' a half-sister to Duration. Mr. W. Bryant will send up eight, including four three-year-old geldings, three by Tim Whiffler and one by Irish King. The firm will on the same day sell Stratford Strattle's Trotting Stud. The New Year's Day Meeting at Fleming ton offers an attractive programme. ? William Tell, The Ghost, and Kohai are most fancied forthe Standish Handicap, with Marooadah next in demand. Hortense, Escutcheon, and Bedouin should fill the places in theNor manby Stakes, while Mosstrooper, Blue Mountain, and Goodwood look best for the Hurdle Race. The Bagot Handicap will probably provide one of the best races ever seen at Flemington. Commotion will take a deal of beating at 9 at. 6 lb. if he ia the same horse as last year, but as this is doubtful Grace Darling, Silver Mine, and Lord Wilton may furnish . the winner. Cariosity should win the Steeplechase, and next to him Promotion and Lady'Ashton. The Criterion Stakes should go to Escutcheon, if he were reserved for it ; bat if he does not start Sumatra, Liedertafel, and Perhaps ought to fill the places. The betting market is Bmgularly quiet. Nothing h&3 yet been done on the great New Yeai's Day events at Flemington and Randwick. Post betting may be regarded as the chief, medium of speculation. A few books have been started on the double— Bagot and Standish Handi caps—at 100 to 1, but the business is not wojVq a quotatioiji The following sctatchinga from the V.R.C. Races were made to-day;— Stafford, F.F., and Highland Chief for the Standish Handi cap ; Buby for the Hurdle .Race ; Perhaps, Matrumpa. Sumatra, and Lord Allen for the Criterion Stakes ; Sumatra, Master Norman, Royal Dash, Dargon, Design, Albert Loddon, Laay Lovell, Glentwortb, True Bine filly, Harridan, Rich, Ruby, The Dreamer, Dag mar colt, and Lithologist for the Normanby Stakes.. Camerine has been backed to win the Bagot Handicap to £300 or £400 at .10 to 1. 