Mysterious Disappearance. On Thursday last, a young man, named Ludwig Bayrhoffer, employed as clerk with Messrs E. Mariredel and Co., left liis lodgings iu Herries-street, under circumstances which appear now to be somewhat suspicious. From what we can gather the facts are as follows :--On the evening of Thursday last, lie was seen walk ing in tho direction of the Main Rajigo, and when accosted, said that he was going North on some business for Mr Marwedel. He, how ever, returned to his lodgings at Mrs Wedd's, and went to bed, but during the night he must have got up and left the house, although no ono heard any noise, but in tho morning his room was empty. On tho table was found two letters, one in English and the other in German, addressed to tlio Bcv Mr Lange becker, Gorman Minister, and a parcel of business books belonging to Mr Marwedel tied in brown paper and sealed. Tho letter in English is as follows : — ' Please take possession of all my things and property at the Government Savings Bank and Mrs Wedd's, and do with it what you believe is best in Jesus Christ. Please receive my home letters for me whenever they arrive and pray with me joined in love to the Lord to givo his blessing in Jesus Christ to iny dear old father, and to the other family. Also, we pray for tho Queen and the German Emperor and tho whole Christianity, but, before all, let us pray for the poor heathens, that tho holy word of God might be fulfilled in their hearts. Pray for me, joined in love, that the Almighty good God might bless mo with his Holy Ghost, to do his will in mo through our beloved Saviour and Redeemer, Jesus Christ.' Tho letter concluded with tho Lord's Prayor. Accompanying the lottor was a bank pass-book showing a credit balance of £35 17s 6d, the address of his father in Germany, and an order to pay £1 to Mrs Wedd, his landlady. His employer, Mr Marwedel, states that for some time post, Bayrhoffer had exhibited signs of mental depression, aud appeared at times to be suffering from loss of inoinory, and unable or unwilling to attend to his duties. On beintr remonstrated with, be said ho would take the books home to his lodgings and post them urt there. He was permitted to do so, and for several days did not como to tho office at all. On Mr Marwedel obtaining possession of the books, be found that nothing had beon done to. them, but along with them was enclosed a pocket bible addressed to Mr Marwedol. In the telegraphic correspondence of tlio Courier it is stated that a revolver Buyroffcr had iu possession was amissing, thus leading to tho conclusion that tho poor man was purporting committing suicide. Wo learn, however, that this is not the cose, for tho revolver was found amongst his effects taken possession of by Mr Langbecker. It was evident, however, that Bayrhoffer was suffering from religious maniac, aud had some days ago oxpressed his intention of joining a mission for the conversion of abori ginals. Whotbor ho has gouo to tho bush with the intention of carrying out this idea which had evidently taken possessor of liis mind, it is of course impossible to tell, but it is certain, religious things have boon uppormost in his mind for somo timo past. As soon as ho was missed the police were communicated with, and search party organised by Mr Ruthuing- of over twenty voluntcors, were out mall directions yes terday, but up to 10 o'clock last night,' no trace whatover of tho man could bo found. In order that he may be identified we append a descrip tion of his appearance : — Age about 26 dark hair, and largo prominont oyes, height about 5ft. 3 or 4in, aud broad shouldered. Ho was dressed iu a dark tweed suit, and black soft folfc hat. Bayrhoffer was a uativo of Frank fort, and had only been in tho colony about 12 months.- He had no relations hero, but was well-known as a quiet steady young man, and was much respected by his employer. 