LAW COURTS. SUPREME COURT—CIVIL SITTINGS. Fbidat, Maboh 12. fBefore His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut.l A. HANNS V. H. HANN3. Mr. W. Symon appeared for the plaintff, and Mr. C. C. Kingston for the defendant. According to the plaintiff's case, on July 10,1883, the plaintiff and defendant, who are brothers, entered into partnership as wood and coal merchants, the capital consisting of £1,200, wliich was represented by £300 worth of working plant belonging to defendant, and £400 cash, paid by the plaintiff. A. Hanns was to take one-third of the interest of the business, and the defendant two-thirds; but it was subsequently arranged between the parties that in the event of the plaintiff con tributing £200 more he would have one- half interest in the affair. A subsequent agree ment was also arrived at by which the partnership was to date from August 1 instead of July 10. In the meantime plaintiff left for Sydney, from which place he shortly afterwards returned to find his brother in difficulties with the bank. He then com plained to the defendant that he had paid too much for his interest in the business, and that some other arrangement must be made. As the plaintiff had no further funds to con tribute towards the business, in order to obtain the increased interest therein, his brother agreed to allow him the half interest in the business, and instead of the plaintiff con tributing the £200 previously decided upon, the defendant would consider that as cancelled, and would, and did, give him a clean receipt for that amount. Subsequent negotiations took place between the parties, and finally the plaintiff, at the defendant's suggestion, was induced to buy the latter out, giving him bills for £500. At the same time the defendant did. not wish to absolutely retire from the business, and requested that he should be allowed to come back again should he not use the bills, to which the plaintiff consented, on the under standing that the defendant shonld let him know within a reasonable time, and that he should not have parted with the bills. The dissolution of partnership was advertised, and the defendant handed the bills to the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank as security for the amount advanced to him. Matters went on in this way until the defen dant commenced an action in the Adelaide Local Court against his brother, ■ as if he wa3 not a partner, to recover the money which he claimed to be due as set out in the counter claim to the present action. In liis evidence in the Local Court, Henry Hanns practically stated that although he claimed the moneys as if there had been a bona fide dis solution, the arrangement for dissolution, was made in order to prevent hi3 creditors knowing the true state of his financial position, in respect of the bank. On that the court nonsuited him, the special magistrate expressing the opinion that it was a bogus dissolution. Albert Hanns never said it was a bogus dissolution, and did not give evidence in the lower court. He was quite. | willing that his brother should re-enter part nership, but not after he had negotiated the bills for £500. The defendant now claimed to be allowed to return to the position of partner, and at the same time to retain the bills. If there was a dissolution it dated from Septem ber, 1885, when the bills were given. The plaintiff applied to the court to decide that the dissolution took place at that time, or that it should take place from the present time. Mr. Symon submitted that the accounts might be handed over to the master of the court for ad justment. The defendant denied the plaintiff's claim, and contended that if any agreement wa3 made for the sale of the defendant's interest in the business and the dissolution of partner ship it was agreed that it should have no form or effect between the parties. At the Local Court trial Albert Hanns had insisted that the agreement for dissolution wa3not binding, and the court had given effect to that objection by ordering a nonsuit. Afterwards it had been agreed that the defendant was a partner as before the alleged dissolution. The defendant also entered . a counter claim, which set out that if the agreement for sale and dissolu tion was held to be binding, it wa3 a term and condition thereof that the plaintiff should pay the debts of the firm and a sum of £106 5s. then agreed to be due to the defendant on cer tain accounts then stated; that the plaintiff was indebted to the defendant in the sum of £2G0moneyagreedtobe considered as lent by the defendant to the plaintiff from August 1, 1885, and at 10 per cent., and also in the sum of £lSt> 15s. lOd. for wood supplied by the defendant to the firm, all was a debt of the firm, which the plaintiff agreed to pay a3 a term of the agreement. In addition to this interest was claimed on the £200, which raised the counter claim to £506. Against this £23 was allowed by the defendant as having been paid by the plaintiff, and# claim for £162 5s. 6d., being an amount paid by Albert Hanns to the land lord, Mr. Landvoght, was established. Mr. Kingston urged that there was au agree ment between the two parties for the sale of the defendant's interest to the plaintiff, and all. that the former wa3 attempting to do wa3 what he attempted to do "in the Local Court—to. en force the terms of that agreement. It wa3 hard on the defendant that in the Local Court he should have beon met by th9 objection that it was a sham sale, and when he took his position as a partner the plaintiff harped back to the. original statement that the sale was good. Upon that statement he had obtained an in junction against the defendant. His client had taken his position as partner because the plaintiff insisted on it, but the latter had now changed his mind, and said there was no sale. The agreement wa3 made in the first instance for partnership with the stipulation that if Albert Hanns increased his amount of capital by £200 he should have an equal share of the business. The plaintiff admitted that he had originally only had a third, and that he had not paid a halfpenny more, but claimed half the business on the strength of a receipt that \yas given, according to his own account, to cover certain contingencies which never arose. He had thought it better to have a larger in terest in the business and simply owe the £20!) to his brother, and the real arrangement was that this amount should be considered as paid so far as the partnership was concerned, and should be treated as a loan between the two parties, bearing interest at 10 per cent. This, he submitted, was a much more likely state of affairs than that suggested by A. Hanns, who wished to get for nothing what he himself valued at £200. Another matter in dispute was the £106 5s., which he submitted was agreed between, the parties to be paid by the plaintiff. He urged that Albert Hanns, from whom in evidence he elicited the fact that he ■ had cut the entry of this debt from one of the account books, had wilfully withheld evidence from the court, and the court would therefore construe that withholding as evidence against the plaintiff's claim. At the close of the evidence, His Honor said this was a very easy and simple case, and if it had not been clouded in the Local Court in som8 mysterious manner, which he could not account for, it ought not to have taken more than half an hour to settle. There was a partnership between two brothers. It was afterwards dissolved on certain terin3, into which it was not necessary to enter. As part of these terms certain monies became due to Henry Hanns, who entered a suit for them. It appeared, however, that at the trial the lenrned counsel for Albert Hanns raised the- j objection that the sale was a sham sale. So far as he could see there was not the ghost of a ground for saying so. It wa3 a sham pre- ' tence and a sham throughout to say that the sale was a sham transaction, and ought not at all events to be supported by the court. Mr. Symon told him there was a bcna-fi-de sale, that his client was in the business and was sticking to it, and asked him to make a decree on that ground, on which he got an injunc tion some months ago. It was perfectly ridiculous- to come before the court now. It appeared there was some arrangement, not un reasonable between brothers and partners, that if Henry Hanns could get rid of certain difficulties he could come back again after pay ing certain amounts to his br.other. But be cause a man could fly back into a business again did not m any way make it a sham sale. It would be wrong to visit Henry Hanns with the consequences, because the counsel for his brother happened to be too learned and exceedingly skilful for the counsel on the other side in the Local Court. He (his honor) could not ignore the extraordinary blowing of hot and cold by Albert Hanns, while Henry had been standing firmly on his position all along. This did away with the right of partnership based on the ground tbat this was a sham sale, and that part of the decree prayed for was undecreeable. He mnst decree that there was a sale, and the rights of the parties would be adjudged by that sale.. That being the case he had to investigate the counter claim, and would have to deal with it as though an action for these monies had been entered by Henry Hanns against Albert Hann3.: Mr. Kingston had put it to him that the tearing out of a sheet in the account book ought to weigh very heavily against Albert Hanns. There was no doubt that the principle he laid down that the party who could ■produce evi dence and failed to do bo would be liable to the construction he alleged, and the court was bound to decide against the party so doing. That was a scientific axiom. Then there was the question whether there was anything to rely on for proof of that action? Un doubtedly there was. He had no doubt that Albert Hanns had cut the account out of the book, and he had mot given his evidence straightforwardly. ^jThe opinion left on his mind wa3 that the plaintiff had cut it out surreptitiously to prevent the court from deal ing fairly with his br.other, and he was bound to deal hardly with him on that account. There had, been cases in which he at first formed opinions of this sort which had after wards been shaken by the evidence on _ the other side, and when Henry Hanns was called ha had 'waited to see if he could assist Mr. Symon as Albert Hanns had assisted Mr. Kingston. The former, however, gave his evidence bluntly and straightforwardly, and he was bound to say that he believed Henry, bnt did not believe Albert Hanna, He could not separate between, the two parties, but had to take the case in the lump, and he adopted Henry Hanns's view of it. He was an honest and truthful witness, and therefore he would give judgment for him for £506, less £185 allowed for payment by Albert Hanns, leaving £320 14s. 6tL, including interest on the loan. . The defendant would also have full costs. The plaintiff's claim would be dismissed. Judgment was entered accordingly. The court then adjourned till Tuesday morning. 