»ReicDer* The Lost Bear Hunters. CHAPTER I. IT was December in the early pari; of the present century. The winter had commenced in good earnest, althought the fall of Bnow was leas than naual in Canada. Time has wrought changes in the district of London, Ontario, since then. At the date of oar story it was very thinly peopled; the settlements were few and far between. Facilities for emigration were few; there were no steam ships to bridge the Atlantic; railroads had not been dreamed of; the British government were lees liberal with land-grants, and there were fewer inducements for that varied enter prise which i3 now making the wilderness to blossom as the rose. Some gentlemen "in rednoed circum stances," whom necessity had driven to seek to repair their fortunes in the land of deep snows and long winters, had obtained posses sion of large traots of land, whioh they sought to let at a very low rental to the poorer clas3 of Bettlers, in order to found for themselves or their successors extensive estates as landed proprietors after the English model. Mr. T- held one of these extonsive traots, almost equal to a modern-sized county in dimensions. Among the few who accepted his terms as settlers were John Howay and Thomas Nowlan. Howay was an English man by birth, and had been some years in Canada. Nowlan was an American, and had spent the whole of his life as a backwoods man, which means that he was inured to all kinds of difficulties and dangers, and that he was not lacking in the ordinary resources of a man who had Bpent his best year3 in the wilds. Howay, though a young man, was past the middle age. Early one December morning Howay started from his log hut for a day at wood- outting. Besides his axe, he had his gun and his dog Lion. He soon discovered the tracks of three bears, which they traced to a large tree three miles distant. Bears are not comfortable neighbors; and cows and sheep and pigs are not safe within their reach; besides whioh, their skins could be utilised for various pur posee; while, if young, their flesh would prove an acceptable addition to the winter's stock of food; and, moreover, the fat, if not sold for bear's grease, would be useful for many other purposes. Perhaps it was his eagernesB to secure one of the baars, or even all three, a3 his own prize, which lad him on to immediate attack, instead of returning to the settlement for help, as he Bhould have clone. He began, ' therefore, at once to out down the tree. But as the tree was at leaat sixteen feet in cir cumference, this was no light work, It was needful, too, that he should keep a good look out, ia cn"o faig movements should disturb the bears. This he began to do, but, slackening his attention, be was presently put on tha alert by the fall of a large pisc9 of bark. Looking up into tho tree he discovered, to his no email consternation, the largest- of the bears descending the tree, tail foremo3t. Tho appearance of the bear warned him to pre pare for tho worst; so putting down his axe, ho seized his gun, with the intention of firing. Second thoughts, however, led him to hesi tate. He might wound but not kill the ani mal, and so exasperate him, and increase his own danger. While he was thus deliberat ing, the bsar had nearly reached the ground, when the dog set up such a furious barking that the bear worked swiftly up the tree again. Oa reaching the top of the trunk where the limbs branched out, he paused, and turning round, surveyed both man and dog with a fkrecness which was truly alarming. Howsy wished now that he had sought the help of hi3 neighbours, for his position seemed mora and more perilous. Rallying hia courage, however, ho seized his gun, and lodged a ball in the animal's neck, which brought him lifeless to the ground. But, strange to Bay,this suocess rather excited the fears than stimulated the courage of Howay. He could not make sure of killing the others, and in turn he might be their prey. Instead, therefore, of felling the tree, he made the best of his way to call in the aid of some neighbors. He returned with two men, three dogs, and another axe. Tee tree was soon cut through, but in falling, it struck against another, and broke off just about the middle, at the identi cal part where the bears had stationed them selves. Stunned and confused, the animals ran so cloae to one of the men that he actually put tho muzzle of his gun cloae to the shoulder of tho larg?r bear, and lodged two balls in its body. The other mads oft" and escaped un hurt, while the doga engaged the wounded one until he Bhook them off with their flesh badly torn. It wa3 now nearly Bunset, and the men re turned to their homes for the night. The next morning, Howay was again on the track of the bears, having now only one companion, Thomas Nowlan. They were provided each with a rifle, an axe, about six charges of powder, and bread and meat sufficient for one meal, hoping to be back before nightfall. The manner of hunting bears in Canada ia that of tracking their footsteps through the snow to their winter retreats; and the knowledge that these tracks sometimes take the hunter forty or even fifty miles from his starting-point, should have forewarned the men to have been better provisioned, know ing also that their return must be on their own footprints, and that if there should come a thaw, or a snowfall, they would be left with out a trail of any kind. The 12th December passed, and the adven turous huntsmen did not return. The next day, and the next, came and whent in like - manner, and still they did not appear; the only tidings of them being that about two o'clook on the 12th they had been observed crossing a river, which, in accordance with the name of London given to the district, i called the Thames. It is a considerabl river, and flows in a direction south-west-by west into lako St. Clair. Their friends and neighbours now became alarmed, and concluded that they had perished with hunger and cold, or had been killed by tho wounded bear. A son of the proprietor of the district, under whom some of them held their farms and lots, therefore assembled a large party of the settlers pertaining to the townBhips of London and Nasaouri, with the purpose of seeking the lost men. They doubted not, however, that they had fallen a prey to the weather, even if they had escaped harm from the bears, for the cold was intense, their clothing was slight for the winter Bea Bon, they had no tinder box, and wero en tirely without means of any kind to protect them from the severity of the weather. The party in quest prepared themselves in every way ior their hazardous undertaking. They Btocked themselves with provisions, pocket oompasses, trumpets, abundance of ammuni tion, sufiioient clothing, and the apparatus for lighting fires; and, in addition, they took with them some of the best dogs in the country. There was one thing which added to their difficulties-a thaw bad taken place, and the snow had wholly disappeared from the ground, excepting in low and swampy situa tions. They had, therefore^ no tracks what ever, and no idea of the direction the lost men might have taken j only the hint obtained from the men who had eeen them orossing the river on the day of their departure. They had, as'a consequence, no very sanguine hopes of finding them. They oontinued their search, however, for two dayB, exploring thousands of acres of forest and swamp, where they saw no trace of tho foot of man. _ Giving up all hope of finding them, either living or_ dead for they had not once come upon their track -the party returned home._ Thore was one consideration whioh tended to mitigate the distress of the situation, to render the event less distressing than it might have been; the men had no family, bo far as was known, to monrn their loss, or to suffer by their death; it was Bimply the neighbours who were grieved by the sad an painful end which they oonoluded Howay and Nclan had come to. Thus day following day, and Christmas morning dawned. Toung Mr. T was just in the act of despatching messengers to take an inventory of tho property of the lost men, when the news reached him that they had re-' turned a few hours before, alive, but in a con dition of the most utter wretohedness. Aa soon as possible, therefore, he went to see them, being anxioua to know for himself that they were really alive, and to hear from them an account of their adventures and sufferings. It was a sight no one need wish to see, nor, having once seen, to behold a second time, They were spectacles of woe and misery and wretchedness almost beyond description their garments torn, their countenances emaci ated, their eyes sunk, their flesh whitered away, and their whola appearano3 more like speotres than living men. They were only the ghosts of their former selves, and to con verse with them seemed like holdiDg intercourse with the spirits of the de parted. Their privations and sufferings had been so great, that the record of them seems more like romance than sober history ; their protracted endurance was so astonish ing, and their delivaranas so remarkable, that it may be alike interesting and profit able to listen to a relation of their adven tures. 