"John Ingleasant's" New Book" Abraham Lincoln, being questioned as to his opinion of a certain work of art, is said to have replied, "Well, I should think that those who like this sort of thing, would find this just the sort of thing they like." That is our opinion of Mr Shorthouse's new book. It will no doubt solace and edify thousands of perturbed spirits, chiefly of the softer sex, who find it hard to reconcile Christianity with culture — their weekly sermon with their monthly review. Mr Shorthouse is nothing if not cultured. He has a comfortable knack of clothing old dogmas in new and, so to speak, aesthetic dresses, whereby they are rendered presentable in modern society. He intimates that his particular shade of doctrine is not the vulgar, working-day belief of Tom, Dick, and Harry, but a sort of Christianized Platonieia, than which nothing can be more refined or distinguished. He talks glibly of "that pure idealism which is the foundation of all true faith, which, taught by the Greek Plato, is the foundation upon which true Christianity rests" — and to many simple souls this is greatly comforting. Moreover, he speaks with a fine contempt of the gases and gastric juices which materialism, as understood by him, proposes to deify. Towards science he adopts an attitude as lofty as that of the Frenchman who met a citation from St Paul with the remark, "I have read his book, but I do not agree with him.'' Mr Shorthouse reads the reviews wherein is preached the gaseogastric gospel, but he does not agree with them; and this is eminently reassuring to the thousands who, without reading the reviews, are vaguely disquieted by rumors of their heresies. On the other hand, Mr Shorthouse quotes with approval such sentiments as these: "I am for all extremes. The truth does not lie in the middle, or in one extreme, but in both extremes. I am for all extremes — for Paul and for John, for Calvin and Arminius." "That blessed word, Mesopotamia" is not more consolatory than an utterance like this, put forth with the sanction of a writer who professes him- self on familiar terms with Plato, and whom the organs of the higher crltioism delight to honor. To all those, in short, who are occupied with the great psycho- logical problem of our generation — how to disbelieve a mathematical demonstration and believe a contradiction in terms — the author of "John Inglesant" is a pillar of strangth and a beacon of encouragement. That is the secret of his popularity — a popularity which "Sir Percival" will certainly maintain. It is a much simpler work than " ohn Inglesant," or even "The Little Schoolmaster Mark." In these there were pro- fundities of romantic mysticism which the ordinary mind sought in vain to penetrate. The ordinary mind will have no difficulty with "Sir Percival," so far as comprehension of the author's dift is concerned. It differs from the commonplace pietistic tale only in the Platonic note (if Platonic it be) of its pietism. Mr Shorthouse on this occasion assumes the mask of an old woman, writing sometime in the nineteen-hundreds. In her youth (that is, about the present day), Miss Constance Lisle lived with her uncle and aunt, the Duke and Duchess of Cressy and de la Poie, at their ancestral seat of Kingswood. In the Duke's veins "ran the blood of Valois, of Plantagenet, and of Anjou," and he never read a newspaper less than two days old. The Duchess was the daughter of a Dean, and took a class for half-an-hour three times a week in a country school — "some survival of the early training of her life rendered it impossible for her to exist without some such effort for the good of others." The Duchess, furthermore, "was devoted to the writings of Miss Yonge;" but, says the narratrix, "it was impossible for that lady to keep her Grace supplied with a new work" each time she went to the circulating library — a remark which surely involves an under-estimate of Miss Yonge's powers of production. Near Kingswood lived the Rev. Charles de Lys, scion of a Jansenist stock, who is elaborately introduced to the reader, but serves no purpose beyond that of relating a miracle which happened to his grandfather, and preaching a sermon against gases, gastric juice, and "a sentiment of morality, borrowed from Heathen tombs." One day there arrives at Kingswood an Irish baronet, Sir. Percival Massareen, a lovely youth who "spoke with perfect ease, as though familiar with titles and the phrases of London speech." Miss Lisle at once falls in love with him, and at the dinner-table on the evening of his arrival, "I prayed," she says, "to Almighty Jesu . . . that this lively, pleasant boy might, in his calling and walk in life, achieve a fame not dissimilar to his namesake of the knightly romance of old." Sir Percival certainly resembles the Parzifal of Wolfram von Eschenback and Wagner, in respect of being "der reine Thor" — a harmless but brainless creature. Miss Lisle reads Keble to him, until he is on the point of falling in love with her; but unfortunately a still more exquisite damsel arrives on the scene, reads Shelley to him (on a Sunday morning), and entraps his fickle fancy. Virginia Clare (so she is called) is an Agnostic, an Anarchist, and a very ill-bred young person. On the evening of her arrival at Kingswood she takes occasion to remark that she is "the sworn enemy of everything that is old," that she "detests the social system which is the curse of civilization," and that she "wishes to subvert and destroy it all." "But how are we to live?" Miss Lisle inquires; on which she replies, "Every one will share alike. Every one will have two hundred and fifty pounds a year." At the dinner-table the same evening she assures the Duke and Duchess that "she has long since given up public worship of any kind adding: "The evolution of theology, you know, is quite as clear as the evolution of the human race. . . . . It began with nature-worship, the cult of the cosmic deities; then through scio-theism, the deification of ancestral ghosts, or ancestor worship; then through fetishism and totemism to the present state of intellectual shadow-worship." With this charming girl Sir Percival, as aforesaid, falls in love; but scarcely has he done so when, in the course of a charitable errand, she contracts a mysterious Oriental fever (an ordinary illness might have seemed like a concession on Mr Shorthouse's part to the gastric juices), of which she presently dies. "I" other dear charmer" being thus taken away, Sir Percival resumes his allegiance to Miss Lisle, who, however, will not suffer him to be unfaithful to the memory of her rival. He wins the Victoria Cross at Suskin; goes on an expedition to the West Coast of Africa; penetrates into the interior in an attempt to rescue a Colonial Bishop; and is sacrificed along with the Bishop to Mumbo-Jumbo. That is the edifying end of Sir Percival. Looked at apart from its tendency — not as a tract, that is, but as a novel, the book has a certain sentimental grace and pathos. The pictures of Kingswood and of the srrounding scenery are often very happily touched, and one finds here and there somee quaint bits of character. There is humour, for instance, in the portraiture of the old Duke; as to its fidelity to nature, the present writer, having but few ducal acquaintances, will hazard no opinion. One hopes, however, that even • "Sir Pervcival: a Story of the Past and of the Present." By J. E. Shorthouse. a Duke would think twice before saying, "My son is a far greater noble than I could ever be; his mother was one of nature's peeresses, and he inherits her manner." Mr (Shorthouse's style, unfortunately, does not improve as he advances in his literary career. It is extremely ill-articulated and incorrect. Here is a common but distressing blunder — a "vulgar error," if ever there was one — "Mrs Poins .... whom I have had since, reason to suppose combined the functions of housekeeper and head nurse." Here, again, is an extraordinary muddle "The Duchess in her secret heart detested shooting; . . . . but it was part of the institutions of the country — like the judges of assize, and hangings, and grand juries, and many other things which it was proper for men to do." "Opening his heart and his circumstances to his aged friend," is a curious expression; so is "listening for one connected sentence, one glance of recognition;" and "conceiving an intense attraction to the ceremony" is nonsense. The faults of composition, however, are all-pervading — invertebrate sentences, awkward parentheses, repetitions of words and phrases neglect of the finer shades of derivational significance. The critics who praised the style of "John Inglesant" were misled by a certain gift of color which Mr Shorthouse now and then displays. For a really good style,a stern sense of logic is a fundamental necessity, and Mr Short- house's logic is the reverse of stern. 