East Adelaide Election. SCENE BETWEEN MESSRS. TAYLOR, , CLEMENTS, AND SINGER. A meeting of the electors of Ea3t Adelaide was held at the National Hotel on Saturday evening, to hear the views of the candidates for the vacancy in the House of Assembly caused by the resignation of Mr. G. D. Green. There vas a large attendance, and Mr. I. Singer occupied the chair. Mr. H. Taylor, after a cursory review of his remarks of the previous evening on the land question, said he would confine himself chiefly to the questions of free-trade and protection, reviewing the experiences of the countries which had adopted either one or the other. In free-trade England they found that the ever increasing rent-rolls of the aristocracy were depriving the people of all chance of getting an honest living, and side by side with' the owners of immense fortunes were those who had to exist in the most abject poverty and crime. In America, too, the most protected country in the world, they found the millionaires surrounded by thousand.? of people in the same state as the poor of England. _ He understood free-trade to mean unrestricted manufacture and exchange. Al'hough Eng land was the first country to adopt the prin ciple of free-trade, it originated with a French economist named Guesnay, who sought to abolish all taxes save a single tax on land. The free-trade of Great Britain attempted to carry out only one, and that the least important part of the system of free-trade, leaving the land, the property in which was hedged around with all kinds of legal enactments, in the possession of the aristocracy. The protec tionist countries had also shirked the- land question, Probably they found it easier to leave the burdens on the Bhoulders of those who so long had borne them rather than attempt to make those who had escaped so long bear a fair share and face their strenuous opposition. The English tariff was necessary under existing circum stances, and although others denied it he con tended that it was a revenue tariff and not a protective one. The duties levied on imported goods could not be considered protective, because they were counterbalanced by the inland, excise, and revenue taxes. Protection was destitute of all scientific basis, for the theory which held it good for one country must hold it good for all nations ; and if for countries, for towns, districts, and even families—in a word it would, if carried out to this extent, carry them back to a state of barbarism. The natural conditions, the climate, and the circumstances of a country must determine what should be the industries of a people, and nowhere was this fact better illuBtiated than in the United States of America, There they found states as large as countries in Europe, and an empire as large as the continent of Europe, in which no tariff was allowed to interfere with trade between the States, and no restrictions were placed on the interchange of the manu factures and productions. There they found industries springing up in harmony with the natural conditions of the States. Many of the duties which were called protective were not protective, for if they were so they would cease to increase the revenue. When revenue was derived from a tariff the duties ceased to be protective. Our old tariff was simply a revenue tariff, and such also was the tariff for which the Attorney-General took to himself and to his Government so much credit. He had it on the authority of Mr. A. M. Simpson that the present tariff was only sufficient to increase the price of commodities without^ pre venting their being imported and thus giving scope for the establishment of local industries. The present tariff bad been impose! for the purpose of increasing the revenue and supplying funds to a prodigal Government. At the present time nearly four-fifths of the price paid for certain commodities went to Bwell the revenue. The Free-trade League would not give the Land Nationalisation Society a definition of what they meant by free-trade, and therefore he had refused to co-operate with them, for he could not support tne system which prevailed in England of raising the revenue by means of inland and excise duties. This meant that the burdens were to he laid on the industries of the country, and would compel the laborer, and not the land, to bear the cost of govern ment. He would resist the imposition of taxes of any kind on industries. It was neces sary to establish industries of a varied charac ter in this colony. So long a3 men differed so much in their gifts and inclinations it was necessary to build up as varied industries as possible, and especially those manufactures which would tend to de velop the natural genius of the people. Under our present circumstances it would be im possible to establish local industries in com petition with other countries which, having a larger market, were in consequence able to manufacture in a larger way, and secure perfect plant, including coBtly and elaborate machinery. Not only so, but he wa3 given to understand that whenever the establishment of local industries threatened the interests of the importers they brought large quantities of goods into the colony, and sold at a loss for the purpose of stamping out these industries. This was unfair trading, and the only remedy for it was protection. If this was so they would have to make some present sacrifice for their future good. While he would oppose any attempt to bolster up any industries which would have no possible chance of surviving after the fostering care of the State was withdrawn, he most certainly would encourage such industries as were suitable to the colony. In the future, after these manu factures were firmly established such en couragement would be unnecessary, but at the present time it was otherwise. Therefore, to encourage the establishment of such manu factures as the trade of the colony would cause competition in, and so prevent monopoly, he would favor the imposing of such duties on the classes of goods so manufactured as would prohibit their importation. (Cheers.) A pro hibitive tariff would be necessary to do this. The duties which were at present levied on the necessaries of life he would remove, and in'lieu thereof impose fresh burdens on the land. (Applause.) At this stage there were cries for Alexander. Mr. Clements—Mr. Alexander has given way for me. Mr. Williams—Is that gentleman an elector? (Cries of " Let him speak," and " He's a can didate.") Amidst some confusion the Chairman rose and said—1 do not know whether Mr. Clements is an elector or not, nor do I know whether or not he is a candidate. If he is a candidate we will accord him the right to explain his views; if not I shall consider it my duty to call him to order. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Clements—I am both an elector and a candidate—(applause)—and I am very anxious to make anexplanation tothismeetingand to the citizens generally as to the very awkward position in which I have been placed during the week. I never authorised any man to say whether I would stand as a candidate or whether I would not. [Here the chairman had a conver sation with the speaker which was inaudible to those not near the table.] I think I have a right to make an explanation. (Applause and dissent.) It has been said in the public prints that I have retired in favor of Henry Taylor. That is not correct. (Confusion.) I never said so, and I don't allow anybody to speak my mind for me. (Confusion, and cries of " Alex ander." Mr. L. H. Bebens was understood to say that a pledge had been given. Mr. Clements—I never gave any pledge. The Chairman—Whatever has passed at any meeting which is not an electors' meeting cannot be discussed here,but can be discussed somewhere else. (Applause.) Mr. Clements has a perfect right to address the electors as a candidate, but I cannot allow anything to be discuised here which has clearly nothing what ever to do with this meeting. (Applause and dissent.) Mr. Clements—I will abide by the chair man's ruling, and tell you that I am a candi date. ("And a nice one too." "Go it, Jimmy.") I am not prepared to make a speech upon the questions that are occupying the attention of the public at the present time, but one thing I will say, and that is that I do not agree with the views Mr. Henry Taylor expressed to night. (Hear, hear.) Nor do I agree with his views of last night. I certainly was surprised to hear Mr. Taylor say he would not ;ppo8e a progressive land tax. I will dis tinctly oppose that. ("What for?") I will take the earliest opportunity of addressing the electors of East Adelaide, and also of explain ing the very awkward position in which I have been placed during the last two or three days. (Applause) I see there is an inclination on the part of the meeting not to hear me. (Cries of "No," and "Go on.") I would like to explain matters. I wish to contradict the state ment that I have retired in favor of any one. I tell you without the slightest egotism that I will not retire for any man in South Australia as a working man's candidate. (Applause, "Bosh," and confusion.) I will yield to no man in my sincerity for the welfare of the working community of South Australia, and it is my intention to contest this election. (Applause.) The Chairman—I do not wish Mr. Clements to leave under the impression that I stopped him. He can speak as a candidate, but it would be altogether out of order to allow him to go on with reference to what transpired at a meeting other than that of electors of East Adelaide. Mr. Williams said that as Mr. Clements's mouth would be shut after Tuesday he would move that he should now address the meeting. This was seconded and carried. Mr. Clements—I am simple enough, and have allowed myself to be used for a con siderable time, but I am not simple enough to jump up on the spur of the moment and deliver on electioneering speech. (Hear, hear.) Tues day night will be time enough for me. (Heir hear; and a voice—"You have got a hostile claiiman.") Mr. Tat lob—I want to reply to two ob3er vation8 made by Mr. Clements, because it is due to my friends that I should explain— The Chairman—1 am afraid I must stop Mr. Taylor. (Applause.) Mr. Tatlob said his explanation had no reference to personal matters, but was with regard to a progressive land tax. . He then ex plained his views, and said as to a working Iran's candidate he did not quite know what a woi king man's candidate was. He worked seven days a week early and late. He worked at his trade with the jackplane, chisel, and saw, until 32 years of age, had belonged to trades societies for a long time, and had been identi fied with the labor movement ever since. If he was not a workiag man he did not want to be one. (Applause.) • Mr. Alexander then gave an expression or his political views amidst a running fire of comments to which he replied. He admitted that he knew nothing about politics, but he believed in South Australians being repre sented by South Australians, and he was going to the poll even if he only got one vote. It had been suggested that he Bhould retire in favor of Mr. Fuller, but he would not retire for fifty. Fullers. (Loud laughter.) If he were "licked" at this election he would run forM.Ti.C. against Cotton. (Renewed laugh ter ) He favored the repeal of the Totalisator Act, because ever since the totalisator stopped —(A voice—"You have not had a living;" laughter.) Men will bet in defiance of the laws. (A voice—"You are no better.") He knew he bad not a ghost of a show of getting eltcted, but he would not leave one stone unturned to get the Totalisator Act repealed. (A voice—"Broken Hills;" laughter.) That was another swindle. (Laughter.) The speaker then touched on a variety of other topics, his remarks being received with ironical applause, Mr. L. H. Berens proposed Mr. Taylor as the most fit and proper person to represent the district in the House of Assembly. This was seconded, and supported. Mr. J. Clements said before the motion was put he would like to have an opportunity to explain the reasons which had led him to become a candidate. Mr. J. Taylor proposed that Mr. Clements be allowed an opportunity of explaining why he had decided to contest the election. ("Sit down," "Yes;" Hear, hear.) Mr. J. Z. SKLtAK seconded. The Chairman said he would put the motion in favor of Mr. Taylor before putting the other motion. ("No," "Yes," and uproar.) A noisy altercation, in the course of which several persons tried to speak at once, ensued, and eventually the chairman put the motion in favor of Mr. Taylor, which was carried unanimously. He then put the motion in favor of allowing Mr. Clements to speak, which was also carried. Mr. Clementb said—For_ eleven years I have taken a deep interest in trade matters, and have always been in the van of every movement for the amelioration of the con dition of the working classes, but never during the whole of that time have I been treated so disrespectfully or in so underhanded a manner as I have been by Mr. Taylor and others over this election. I am here this evening because these persons, who have formed a clique with Mr. Taylor at its head, have been trying to hoodwink you, and without my authority have published a statement to the effect that I have retired in favor of Mr. Taylor. (Uproar, and cries of " Give us facts."; If you will give me time I will explain what I mean. ("Why don't you do it ?") I am doing it as fast as I can; but if any of you think you can do it better you should come forward and try to explain to a hostile meeting how you have been injured. On Wednesday morning I met Messrs. Taylor and Barker in King William street, and a conversation took place respecting the vacancy for East Adelaide. I asked Mr. Taylor if he would stand, and he answered that he would not. The Hon. J. G. Bray then joined us and asked Mr. Taylor if he had any intention of standing. The answer was again that he bad no intention of doing so. They then asked me if I would come out for the dis tiict. Mr. Barker said if I would he would fet up a requisition to me to do so. At length consented, and Mr. Taylor, Mr. Sellar, Mr. Barker, and myself adjourned to the Begister office. Mr. Barker drew up a requisi tion and the other two signed it, giving 53. each towards the preliminary expenses. The requisition was shown to the officials of the office, who inserted a paragraph to the effect that a requisition was being signed by those who wished Mr. James Clements to be nomi nated for the vacancy caused by the resigna tion of Mr. G. D. Green. (Laughter.) The requisition had since been signed by several people, and I have it at my lodgmgs. (Oh.) A meeting of the committees of the Working Men's Political Association and the Land Nationalisation Society waB subse quently arranged at Mr. Taylor's hotel. Mr. Barker told me before the meeting took place that he had tried to induce Messrs. Singer and Taylor to contest the election, but they had refused. I then told Mr. Barker that ha must be very careful what he was about or he would spoil the Working Men's Political Association. T asked Mr. Taylor to publicly explain the reason why he had been nomi nated. He said, "I'll be d—d if I do." He also said, "Come to our meetings," but I said I would please myself about that, and that if he did not explain matters I would. Now, I have explained them to you, and I have determined to contest the election. (Applause.) I was the first in the field, and Henry Taylor was the cause of my being put into the field. But I will leave a chance for him to prove whether he is a man or not. I am agreeable to call a meeting of the working classes of the city of Adelaide for Tuesday night and to invite delegates from the Trades and Labor Council, the Working Men's Political Association, and the Land Nationalisation Society, and if they _ choose him as their man instead of me I will fight for him through thick and thin. (Applause.) On no other terms will I yield to Henry Taylor. I never looked on him as a working man's friend, and my opinion is strengthened when I Andaman positively Baying he wouldnot stand at 1 o'clock and at night announcing his intention to come out. I never retired in his favor, and it is a falsehood on the part of who ever said I did. If I had been consulted it would have saved a great deal of trouble. The Chairman—This is a serious matter, and as my name has been mentioned let me tell you only two or three facts. When Mr. Clements Eays that he never withdrew from the contest, Ipositively say with that rough ness of language for which I am so notorious that I give him the lie direct. (Loud ap plause ; and a voice—" You are the chairman.") Well, I ask some other gentleman to take my place. Mr. A.M. Simpson was then voted to the chair. He mentioned that he was not an elector of East Adelaide. Mr. Singer—The statement I am going to make can be verified by the members of the Working Men's Political Association and the Land Nationalisation Society. These two organisations, of which Mr. Clements is a member, have a Parliamentary committee to watch elections and nominate candidates. Mr. Clements got up a requisition, and I am inlormed that Mr. Taylor asked him to stand, signed the requisition, and paid 5s. towards the expenses. Several working men—well meaning men to the cause—came forward to Mr. Taylor and myself, and stated that while they had not the slightest objection to Mr. Clements or his qualities, they thought Mr. Taylor might possibly have a better chance of getting into Parliament. It wa3 positively asserted that they would not vote for Mr. Clements. We have bad the president of an organisation who talks much of organisation ignoring our organisation. (Applause.) We had a netting on the previous evening m the Working Men's Political Association, when I sat next to Mr. Clements. _ We brought forward the question, and I said to Mr. Cle ments, "Mind you, it is not a question whether Clements or Taylor would be better in Parliament, but the question is who has the best chance of getting in? If both of you think you have good chances let us call a meeting of electors of Eait Adelaide, and the one who is in the minority in the voting will fight for the support of the other candidate." (Applause.) Mr. Clements did not give a straightforward answer, but said in his usual manner, "I have no wish to stand." I pointed out that it might be necessary for him to stand, as if he really had a majority of votes he ought to stand. But no he did not wish to stand, and said if Mr. Taylor wanted to be elected he would not oppose him but would withdraw.. Next day Mr. Barker, the secre tary of the Working Men's Political Associa tion, explained that Mr. Clements had retired. If I am not misinformed he made a similar statement to Mr. Keane, the secretary of the Land Nationalisation Society. He said he would abide by the meeting, and that he would attend. He did not attend. We had asked Mr. Thompson, of the Co- operative Stores, and Mr. Berens to come forward, but they declined. At the meeting one gentleman proposed Mr. Clements in order to test the question. Mr. Taylor was also proposed. (Mr. Clements—"You packed the meeting.") We invited every one on both sides. I have not consulted Mr. Taylor or other committeemen, but I promise Mr. Clements that if a majority of the East Adelaide working men are in his favor Mr. Taylor will withdraw. (Applause.) Fiom this moment, however, I shall never any more have anything to do publicly or privately with Mr. Clements, who can desert principle, who loves self better, and who is capable of using a lying and slanderous tongue. (Ap plauFe.) Mr. Henderson (president of the Land Nationalisation Society) said at the meeting referred to Mr. Taylor received a unanimous vote. There was no person to second Mr. Clements. (A voice—" That is true.") Mr. Taylor—I plead guilty to the very unwise course of suggesting that Mr. Clements should stand. (Laughter.) We met one morning, and were discussing the matter. The btaten ent' of Mr. Clements is so mixed up with falsehood and truth that it is difficult to teil which is which. 1 said that I was not gcirg to' stand, and then I had not the slightest intention of doing so. I said to Mr. Clements, " Will you stand ?" and he, turning to Mr. Barker, remarked " Go you round to the Register, and say that there is a requisition . being got up, and I am going to stand." We went straight away. Mr. Barker got up a re quisition, I signed it in good faith, and con tributed towards the expenses. I did that un wisely, because we ought to have consulted our committees. Later on people came to the house time after time suggesting the unwis dom of Mr. Clements putting him self for ward, (Mr. Clements—"A public-house bar.") In the evening it wasthcught better to summon the committees, and I challenge anyone to say that I ever suggested myself as a candidate. (Voices—"You never did.") Mr. Clements did not attend the meeting. I left the room when my name was mentioned, and placed myjj self in the hands of the meeting, saying, "If you have no one more suitable 1 am at your services, and I will do the best to represent the principles for which we are all contending." (Applause.) Mr. L. H. Berens corroborated this state ment, and said there had been no question of ODe man's views being set against anothers. There was no clique. This was a critical time in South Australia, and they must choose the best men. (Hear, hear.) Mr. S. E. Hocking must say in justice to Mr. Clements that it was stated at the meet ing that Mr. Clements had decided not to stand. Mr. Barker (secretary of the Working Men's Political Association) read a somewhat long statement detailing several of the facts above mentioned, and particulars of the meet ing at which Mr. Taylor wa9 chosen as a candidate. Mr. Clements before the meeting contented to the decision of the committees being final, and mentioned in a semi-official manner that his circumstances would not permit him test the election, and that he thought it was only a dodge of Taylor's. Mr. Clements requested him not to go further into the matter. . , Mr. Clements—All that has been said is about true, but Mr. Taylor and Mr. Singer have failed to prove that I told a falsehood. My complaint is that there wa3 a clique formed in the Sturt Hotel. (Two speakers— "It is a lie." Confusion.) The best way to prove it is to'try over again, (Voices—"Yes, try it over again." There were men at the meet iDg who were not members of the Land Nationalisation Society. (Mr. Taylor—" No; it is a lie.") Mr. Barker's instructions were to have nothing to do with it until we had met, and Mr. Taylor had no business to attempt to use me for his advantage. I refuse to be so used. I firmly believe that it was just a dodge of Taylor's, because he told me distinctly that night that no matter what it cost he would stand. (Mr. Taylor—"I deny it;" and Mr. Singer—"It's a lie.") I am of opinion that I have been badly treated. (A voice—" Settle it outside.") I am willing to submit to the members of both associations. The meeting was not called as it should have been, and too well Mr. Singer knows it. He made a speech telling me that Mr. Taylor had a public- bouse and I had not. (Uproar.) Mr. Porter, who said that he had just as much respect for Mr. Clements as for Mr. Taylor, denied that there had been any clique in this matter. The Chairman—We are ameeting of citizens, and this is not a meeting of the Land Nationalisation Society or the Working Men's Political' Association. I am very sorry that they have washed their dirty linen before us. (Applause.) I" do not think this is a matter for us to decide; the associations should de cide it themselves. (Applause.) Mr. Taylor returned thanks for the resolu tion passed in' his favor. They had no dirty linen of their own to wash, but in the whole course of his public experience lie had never known a more cowardly and dastardly action than that of Mr. Clements. The meeting shortly afterwards closed. A meeting of the Working Men's Political Association was held at the Reform League Hall on Monday evening to consider what action should be taken in reference to the scene which occurred on Saturday evening between Messrs. Taylor, Clements, and Singer. There was a meagre attendance, about 20 persons being present. When the hour for commencing the meeting had arrived the Chairman of the Association (Mr. J. Clements) asked tho secretary to explain by whose authority they had been summoned together, and what business they had to consider, none having been mentioned in the notice The Secretary (Mr. H. Barker) replied that Mr. Clements had stated in the presence of himself and two other members of the committee that he would have nothing further to do with the_ associa tion, and consequently, after consulting some of the members of the executive, he had con vened the gathering to consider what action should be taken with reference to the late scene at the National Hotel. Mr. Clements denied ever having made any such statement aB that referred to, and said a3 chairman of the association he should have been consulted before any action was taken. After a short altercation, in the course of which some personalities were indulged in, silence was secured. Mr. J, H. Wright (vice chairman), having taken the chair, Mr. Clements asked that as the meeting was very small in consequence of it being a holiday ' night it should be adjourned. Mr. Jno. T. Ready proposed that in accordance with Mr. Clements's request the meeting should be_ adjourned. As he un derstood that some serious charges were to be brought against Mr. Clements it was only fair to him that this should be done. Mr. Clements seconded the motion, and asked as a personal favor that the motion should be agreed to. Mr. P. StokEs moved as an amendment—" That the dispute between Messrs. Taylor, Clements, and Singer should be gone into fully." He thought in the in terests of all concerned that the matter should be thoroughly ventilated at once. He had known Mr. Clements for several years, and during the whole of the time he had never known him to intentionally do wrong. If he was in the wrong in this instance it would be a fresh experience for him. Mr. I. Singer seconded the amendment. The motion was loBt, and the amendment carried. Mr. Clements, and one or two of his friends, at once left the meeting on the result of the vote being de clared. The Secretary wasthen called on to read a statement, a digest of which we have already published, of the reasons which had induced the joint committee of the Working Men's Political Association and the Land Nationalisa tion Society to nominate Mr, H. Taylor as a candidate for the vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. G. D. Green. Mr. L. H. Berens said prior to the meeting of the joint committees an informal meeting had been held, at which Mr. Clements had distinctly stated that if Mr. Taylor was chosen by the joint committees to contest the election he would retire in his favor, and would support him. At the second meeting Mr. Taylor was almost unanimously chosen aB their candidate after a long discus sion of the merits of several members. The statements made by Mr. Clements meant that either he or the two committees were all liars. Mr. Singer corroborated Mr. Berens's state ment", and said at the meeting at which the choice of candidates had been made Mr. Barker had stated that Mr. Clements, who was not present, had declined to contest the election. He had urged at the meeting that they should lay aside all party feeling, and select the man whom they thought stood the best chance of being returned. Mr. Clements had previously stated in his hearing, and in the presence of others, that he would not stand. Mr. Singer ajso referred at length to the scene which had taken place at the anti-Chinese meeting, when it was announced that it had been decided to adjourn it out of respect to the memory of the late Dean Russell. He considered that Mr. Clements had no right to adjourn the meeting, and stated that as they left the hall Mr. Clements told him that if he wished to speak he would have to get up meetings of his own in the future. After the matter had been thoroughly discussed it was decided to call a special meeting of the association on Friday evening when it would be decided what action would be taken. 