THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOTES AND REFLECTIONS BY THE WAY. No. III. BY A. C,, Boree Creek. I was struck with the excellent quality ol theaoilall through my first day's journey of 45 miles, every acre of which ia a propitious season is capable of yielding from five to eight bags of wheat. The laud, however, is not cultivated except by some selectors whose homesteads are for the most part, like angels' visits, few and far between—the more the pity. The rest of the country on thia route, from the Murrumbidgee to Burrumbuttock (what an outrageous name !), is one prolonged sheepwalk, capable of supporting a large and thriving population if divided into faims of considerable size. Oa Urangeline Creek there are some good holdings of rich land, occupied by well- to-do selectors, but I find these, as well as those occupying much smaller blocks, prefer growing wool and mutton to cereals, probably because of the precarious nature of tbe climate. But should mutton and wool go down in price, and wheat go up, as is the case this season, then doubtless more attention will be given to agriculture in future, and fine fields of yellow grain will yet be seen waving throughout a district so well adapted for its growth. There ia one feature apropos of selectors' dwellings which is noticeable. Whilst some substantial buildings have been erected, with gardens, orchards, and vineries well laid out and planted, indicating permanency of occupation and a lifelong tenancy, yet many structures thftt pass for houses are simply make- Bhifts—mere shells composed of the roughest or slimmest material, their joints creaking with every wind that blows, their roofs leaning forward as if nodding a salute to tbe passer-by, ready to topple over the instant the props that hold them up are removed, or lifted bodily from earth to sky by the next strong whirlwind. 1 could not suppress a giggle as I passed some oi these grotesque and comic-looking domiciles. Yet far be it from me to deride the owners of these uncouth-looking mia-mias. Doubtless much uphill work, honest sweat, and horny-handed toil had to be gone through by the noble head of the family, who may have worn his fingers to tbe bone in order to secure a " bit of land as a home for the bairns." All hail to the pluck, energy, and manly dignity that fights the way to the top of the tree, despite carking care, grinding poverty, and formidable difficulty ! Such heroic qualities have made the Anglo-Saxon race to be loved at home and revered abroad. May the time not be distant when these patresfamiliarum, in lieu of these ricketty tumble-downs, shall be able to erect commodious and substantial mansions, in which with their families tbey may Jive Jong contented and die happy ] Yet, nevertheless, the presumption is that these selections which remain year atter year unimproved, except what improvements are absolutely necessary, are doomed to succumb to the power of the squatter's cheque. Whenever the term of occupation aB required by law has been completed, the 640 acres will probably revert to its original use—as a sheep run—and the selector, reimbursed, will hie forth in search of fresh fields and pastures new. I don't allude at all to those selections I met by the way, but to what has been done in a thousand and one instances already, is being done at present to my certain knowledge, and will in all likelihood be done in the future. Isthc poor selector to be blamed for trying to better his condition ? Certainly not ! Is the squatter doing what is morally wrong in seeking to add to his already over-swollen estate ? No ! But be it remembered that such wholesale mode of procedure (and selling out to the squatter has been wholesale in some districts) frustrates the design of the Legislature, which is to settle on the lands a sturdy and prosperous yeomanry; tends to the creation of immense estates; is antagonistic to the principles of true democracy; and when once the lands get back into the grasp of the squatters and the banks, they will remain there, locked up to all eternity. Think ot that, ye who dread an Australian democracy springing up in our midst! Wallendoon station has undergone a radical change since I was there last. The old, decrepit buildings, racked with rheumatism and tottering with age, have given place to brannew erections. These are situated half a mile from the old site, upon a rising eminence. The dwelling-house looks neat and substantial, with a tastefully-laid-out flower garden in front. Within the Bame enclosure are the servants' rooms, laundry, storeroom, and others. Some chains apart are the men's barracks, kitchen, and bedrooms; then there is the magnificent stable, well-ventilated, capacious, and built on modem principles. The chaffhouse, harness-room, and buggy-house are attached. The stable is double- built: one side for the ordinary horses, the other occupied bv the stud—for wallendoon patronises the turf. I noticed several fine-lookinganimals, of lithe limb and good physique, ?hat were in course of training. Water is supplied to all tbe premises by means of a windmill, which putnpB up water with every breeze that blows, into the different iron tanks. The station is surrounded wzth evergreen trees, that give it a pleasant aspect. Old Mr. Ryan, the proprietor, familiarly known as Lanty Byan—he likes to be called Lanty—looks as fresh and hale and canty as if he was nine years less than "thretty, sweet ane-and-twenty." Long may he continue so ! Next morning Joris was as fresh as daisy. No wonder! he was well cared for in a stable which Lady Carrington's flash ponies might well be proud to occupy. Hi! ho ! off we go; but not at railway speed, as on the former morning. Yesterday's storm had laid the duBt and cooled the atmosphere; a bracing southerly breeze exhilarated the frame and the spirits too. A few miles brought us to the famous Wallendoon dam, a great camping rendezvous for teams and travellers. It is a series of excavated waterholes in the bed of a creek, with stupendous bank built across, which serves to throw back tbe water a long distance up the creek. A solitary mount rising out of the plain, of picturesque beauty and a mile in circumference, serves as a partial watershed, while on the eastern side there is an extensive plateau with a dip towards the creek, so that the rain that falls makes its way to the great dam, which, I am told, never gets dry. Are there not many natural depressions throughout New South Wales that might be utilised as conservators ol water? Yes, plenty, and of vast extent too. Then why are they dry ? JuBt have patience for a thousand years, till Sydney gets reticulated, and the lands are all alienated, and tbe deficit in tbe Treasury has been met, and the population of New South Wales counts millions. Then will vox populi become vox Dei, and they will have water, by hook or by crook. Hitherto the policy of our Governments has been roads and railways, not reservoirs. The former are most essential, but the latter paramount — for what good is the land without water 1 A well-known squatter in the Albert district of New South Wales, has been compelled through want of water to file his schedule for £10,000. He declares that in the course of 16 months ending January, 1864, be lost through the drought sheep to the value of £20,872. How many have the same sad tale to tell ! On the western side of this lagoon I observed a long stretch of rich, grassy, meadow land, on which a herd of cattle were browsing. These oxen were remarkable for their bulk and high condition. What sleeky hides, straight backs, thick necks, deep briskets, round sides, and enormous buttocks! each a moving mass of beef, a grand sight to a butcher's eye—or an alderman's. I thought of James Tyson, with his 26,000 head of cattle and 150,000 sheep in this colony, his large properties in land and stock in Victoria, his still greater herd oi cattle in Queensland (estimated at a round million head), and the millions of acres he holds under lease in the three colonies. It would be nothing to a man who deals only in millions to hand in a seven-figure cheque to make good tbe deficit in tbe Treasury—nothing I Just as it is nothing lor a mountain to bear on its side one of bis shepherd's huts; just as it is nothing for the overflowing Murray River to fill a child's pitcher. But who would have dreamt that a knight of the cleaver and the owner of a butcher's shop on Bendigo in early days could have become tbe possessor of such fabulous wealth all in a single lifetime ! A brisk gallop, and the boundary line between Wallendoon and Walbundrie is crossed. Here the road is as crooked as a dog's hind leg, at one angle of which there used to be, fixed to a tree, a well-painted figure, in form of a beautiful lady with her arm stretched out, pointing the way, and underneath the words " This is the way to Wallendool." The hand of some vandal hath ruthlessly destroyed that unique sign-board. To the right, in the distance, looms the picturesque hill of Goombargana, to the left Mullaw JJlow Mount, and in front the Piney Ranges. I pass Thornhill Estate consisting of several thousand acres of good undulating land, with an everlasting spring of pure water on the ad- jacent hill. It formerly belonged to Gibb and Sons, who some three years ago sold out to Mr. Riddelland and emigrated to New Zealand—a step I understand, they have regretted ever since. They are now located on the Waikato River, North Island, and can't get enough firewood to boil the kettle with. The folks in the district also regretted their departure, for the Gibb family were esteemed all around. And now I must make a call upon two selectors whom I knew in days of yore. It is a relief to emerge from the solitary forest, tenanted only by fourfooted animals, by large lizards and larger iguanas, everlastiog trees, naked and bare, the ghosts of their former selves, which the feathered tribes have mostly all forsaken ; the profound silence broken in upon now and then by the jabber of the laughing jackass, or a group of jays that set up a horrid scream in a language best known to themselves, at tbe approach of every intruder on their domains; or it may be in the startling of a flock of sheep which bolt across your path in front, leaving you immersed in a beautiful cloud of red dust. And here, let me remark, is the only time the flies cease to torment. They get lost in the cloud, or they get choked and blinded with dnst, or they think it time to go to roost perhaps. Ah! but they soon scent you out again and renew the attack. Talk of finding *' tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, and sermons in stones," &c.; Why, a tree denuded of its foliage is like a former fair blonde bereft of ber beauty by cruel, wrinkled age. As for " running brooks," I didn't see any lor 50 miles, and the stones I met with could be put through the holes of a corn riddle. Here we are at Mr. Hare's selection—a good old soul from the land of the " mountain and the flood,"and his burly sonsle wite and their bright blooming daughter of sweet nineteen, as fair a maiden as e'er the sun shone apon, and the last of the buxom girls left, the others having been "wooed and married and a' kissed and carried awa';" and Katie darling, l am told, will soon follow her sisters' examples. It is no fulsome praise to sing— •• Fair Eatfc strikes the adoring eye; Heaven's beauties on my fancy sltfne; I see tbe Sire of Love on Mffb. And own hts work Indeed divine. I met with a true Highland welcome here, such as poet Burns desired to meet with the other side of Jordan, as he sings— «' When Desth's dark stream I ferry o'er— A time that surely shall come— In Heaven itself I ask no more Than just a Highland welcome!» (To be Continued.) 