OUR HEREDITARY LEGISLATORS . In the House of Comraona on Friday, March 5, Mr. Labouchere moved his resolution declaring it to. be inconsistent with the principles ot representative fovernment that any member of the .egisl&ture; should derive his title to legislate by right of hereditary descent. In a speech which excited much laughter he pointed out that hiB motion did not commit anybody to a single Chamber, but he insisted that an here ditary Chamber was an anachronism in these days of democracy, and any Radical who did not take the same view he held to be a hum bug. The best cure for those who admired the House of Lords was to go and see the House when it was sitting, (hi great occa sions peers flocked up from all parts of the country; they sat there tike a flock of sheep, and they voted like sheep; but on an ordinary occasion they would see one peer addressing half a dozen others nntti it came near to the dinner hour, when they vanished like ghosts. Who were the gentle men ordinarily made new peers? Some of them were politicians who had been bores and nuisances in this House, and who had been kicked upstairs; they were generally very rich men, who had inherited or acquired large estates. Then the House oi Lords was drawn almost exclusively from one class—and that the landowners. They had heard much about the Irish Land League, but could they imagine a more pernicious land league than this ? It was a disgrace and opprobrium to our civilization. Hn found that the peers had an average of £30,COO a year, and 33,000 acres of land a piece. A more self-seeking body of men could not; be imagined, for they were always ready to take some place about the Court or tbe Government, if onlya salary were attached to it. One gentleman was willing to look after the Queen's dogs, another after her horses, and a third after the Queen's footmen. They often heard that to pay members of the Souse of Commcns would degrade the House and sap its inde pendence. What did they think of the fact that these hereditary peers drew on an average £700 a year each from the public tundB ? They were not eatisfied with that. They had rela tives. Tbe relatives of peers bad received from 1855 until the present date 120 millions sterling. If that was a mistake, he would take off the 20 millions, and surely 100 millions was a very considerable sum for 4G0 or 500 families to receive. There was a list of those relatives. -The dukes had 514, the marquises 560, the earls 3.029, the viscounts 863, and the barons *2,1S3 relatives receiving money during the interval he had mentioned. By a simple sum in division he found each duke had had, since 1855, fifty-Biz relatives living on the public Exchequer. They were told it would be impossible to abolish the House of Lords, but it would be perfectly constitu tional. Lord Salisbury had referred to physical force being necessary to do it; but nothing would be more easy than to elect 300 peers to swamp them, and he believed there was such patriotism on these benches (point ing, amid loud laughter, to the Radical benches) that he could find 300 gentlemen on this side of the House who would ascend the altar of their country and sacrifice them 