SPORTING. V.R.C. SPRING MEETING. BY SUBMARINE CABLE.] . I ii , < i i I iFHOM'buit OWN CORRESPONDENT.] MELBOURNE Sunday. The spring ment of the Victoria Racing Club commenced yesterday on the Flemington course, and was largely attended, the spectators including visitors from all the Australasian colonies, steamboats and trains having arrived-mow tied to excess. The weather, which threatened adversely for days previous, became more settled, and hopes are entertained that it will hold out for Cup day. I ; ' ' of * Racing began with the Melbourne Stakes for which Sheet Anchor and Isonomy is stilled favouritism. The condition of the former was perfect, but, taking matters a bit easily, be allowed Boolka to run along side of him, and make a dead-heat of it at a the finish. -In the run-off, however, the Adelaide horse won easily by three lengths, in quicker time than was occupied during the race. U' <' 1 i ' ' ' ' ! Hoxliam's private form brought him into request for the Hotham Handicap. The' Kirkham representative had only last year's winner (Lesbia) and Salvo to shake off, when I Claptrap, had its 8 to 1 chance, came' full of running with a grand rush and upset calen ! lattouB i I i I A field of 18 two in excess of last year faced Mr. Watson for the valuable Mari j byrnong Plato. The 2 year-olds represented Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia, and, taken as a whole, wore a grand looking lot of youngsters. Half at least of the Hold men of backed, even to, they winner, who had no less than 9st. 8lb. in the saddle, the extra weight being the upshot of previous wins. After an interesting finish the South Australian bred filly, Hortense, pulled her backers through by winning from the New South Wales owned Hun-, thigtowe'r -J the other colony - Victoria' staking' third honours with Bedouin. I From the pedigrees given of the placed numery it will be observed that the second and third are sons of Darebin and. Darriwell respectfully, both Tasmanian'-' owned in their time. The winner, Hortense is by the imported horse Gang For 1 ward,' this being the first of his stock gain- ing Maribyrnong honours, I One or two defections reduced the field for the 28th V.R C. Derby to seven runners, which is the smallest field since Wellington won eight years ago, Trident proved the mover" he was voted for the event, though the hopes of backers were slightly shaken when Chesham was seen coming alone at the head of affairs at the bottom of the straight." A bit nearer home, however, the son of Robin- son Crusoe Was runs ering every stroke of the whip, and succeeded in passing Chesham, and winning by two lengths in the fast time, of 2min. 59sec., which, for this particular event, was only equalled by Martini-Henry.'Hales,' who rode Trident's brother, Navigator," to victory four seasons ago, had the mount on yesterday's " Hue riband "Here, this being his fifth win. Cheshunt, who is by the use beaton GrandFlaneur,from Chester Adamson gamely to the end, and the New Zealand bred Again did not figure indifferently, although he. was no match for those/ who finished in front of him. The Selling Race was a gift to Mr. Howie's Huron, e, and Daystar upset a pot in the Coburg Stakes z i' min' The placed horses are appended:- "''' . It MELBOURNE WAKES. ", ' , ' '' A sweepstakes of 2sovs. each, with 100 added ; second horse to receive' Cosies, out of the stake. For 3yr. olds and upwards. , Weight for age. One mile and a quarter i I ii Mr. M" Locke's b h Isonomy, by Winter- lake, Ruby, 4yrs., Oatley Mr. S. Millar's b li Boolka, by Glorious Bridget, aged, 9st. 4lb. ... ' ... +2 Mr. W. E. Royd's b o Bravo, 3yrs., 7st. ' rub. ( (... ;.' "... 3 Sheet Anchor and Isonomy were the favourites, the latter having the call. The South Australian horse appeared to be winning easily till Boolka challenged him, and a cloud heat resulted. in the run off Isonomy boat his opponent by three lengths. ' I HOTHAM HANDICAP'. A sweepstakes of 2sovs. each, with 300 added i Second horse to receive 7 Oso vs., and the third 30 sovs out of the stake. For 3yr. olds and upwards. One mile and half and assistance. Mr. J. Whittingham's b li Claptrap;' by Tim Whiffloi-Tulkativo, aged, 7st. ..., , .... (Rammage) 1 Hon. J. White's of li Hexham, 4yrs., 7st Huxley) 2 Mr. J. R. Smith's b g Lancer, Oyrs , 7st. 10th (Smith) 3 Twelve horses ran. Betting : 3 to 1 agst Hexham ; 6 to 1 First Prince ; 8 to 1 each Claptrap and Salvo ¡ 10 to 1 others. I Salvo led - past the stand, and at the turn out of the straight Hexham went to the front. First Prince fell coming to the home! line. Lesbian Salvo, and Hexham were at the head of affairs when fairly into the straight, but Claptrap came with a rush, and was landed an easy winner by three' lengths, Lancer half a length off third. I THE MAMIll'UXON« PLATE. A sweepstakes of 2sovs. each, with 1,000 added the second horse to receive 300 sovs, ' j and the third 200 sovs. out of the stake. I Five furlongs. , j Mr. C. S. 'MacDonald's br f Hortense, l Gang ' Forward Josephine, 9st, 5lb. I (including 10lb. penalty) 1 Mr. D. Cooper's bro- Huntingtower, by ! Duiebin-r-AthoIine, 8st 10lb. 2; Hon. "W. Pearson's br Bedouin, byiDar- ' j rewell Black Gipsy, 8st. 10lb. -'2',.. 3' i Eighteen started, Won by half a length. Time : lunn; 24sec. " ' THE VICTORIA UhllllY. j A sweepstakes T of 2sovs. each, with 150, added; the second horse to rccciye,Í00 sons and the third SOsovs. out of the s asked ,' 'For' three-year-olds. One mile and a half, a ,,. , Hon.' J. White's ch o Trident, by Robin- i I' son Crusoe- Cocoanut, 8st. 10lb -2 i . . riding' in . (Hales) '1' MrriD.lCoopor'ff'odi Chesham, by Grand Flaneuri-Lady*'"Cheater, 8st. '101b.,'"1 satin..'.,',' (Roborts'oD)',2' Mr. A. R? Blackwood who Ages', by Aprcmon't-Aglaia, 8st 10lb. beat 3 Four others ran.. Trident maintained, his position of first favourite up to the ; start,! and was even firmer at the post. The race was a grand one. Chesham shot out from the rearmost division at the sheds, and came away, with apparent ease from the field,' and entering, the straight was several lengths ahead of anything. Half way up the straight, ' however. Hales put the whip on the favourite,, who, gradually overhauling Clieshain','won at, the finish by two, lengths. Aglaos,;was,'20 lengths off third. Time: 2min, 20sec in a , in a < . SBfcMNU BACK. to ' ' A sweepstakes of Sovs. each,'witti"150 added,'! For, 3yr. olds and upwards!. Weight for age: Seven furlongs! A' Mr. R. Howie's ur li Huon, by Powhattan ,' , '- Mayfly.'4yrs.,.,1¡ Mr,'J,-G'. Ross's ch g The Ghost, aged . . 2 Mr. R. K. Maitland's b or br g Stafford,, ' Red ,. fillies won hard held. Time : 1min. 20sec. ; ' ' commit STAKES. A handicap sweepstakes of 2sovs. each, with 200 added. Second horse to receive 50 1 sovs. out of the stake. For three-year j olds and upwards. One mile and a fur , long. Mr. G. Davis' b o Daystar, by Mercury Grace Darling, 3yrs., fiat. 3lb. 4 Mr. T. Coffey's br h St John. 6yrs., 7st. 12 lb. ... 2 Mr. W. Martin's b g Hogmanay, aged, 7st. ' 5lb. 3 This was the concluding event. The meet will be continued to-morrow (Tuesday). 