THE "OPPOSITION" IN NEW SOUTH WALES. His Excellency Lord Carrington, Governor of New South Wales, is not only a nobleman of courteous and .winning manners, but the possessor of good, sound, common sense into the ^bargain. It is no uncommon practice for an Australian Opposition, when it finds that a Government cannot be put out, to organise deputations, &c.;, for the purpose of what is known as " getting at" the Governor. It is usually a futile effort, and in the case of Lord Carrington most wisely so. No doubt it was in his power to grant thedisBolution when asked or it, ju*d recent events hare hown that it would be no veiy serious loss to the prnstige of the sister colony—elder though she be— if her present representatives in Parliament were sent about their business without the slightest reference as to their political proclivities. On several occasions, the conduct of some of the leading men in the House has been UDseemly to the lowest degree. Challenges, and even blows, have been interchanged, and the language employed has been, sometimes, of a nature more suitable to a pot-house than a Parliament. Still, such as its members may be, they are, as Lord Carrington pointed out, the results of a comparatively recent election, and he has therefore every reason in declining to allow what would be a decidedly premature appeal to the country. Ministers have managed, as yet, invariably to secure a respectable majority-—in point of numbers— whenever any test question has been brought before the House, and a Governor might fairly be accused of favouritism were he to grant a dissolution in the face of an absolute majority in Parliament,simply because times were bad and an Opposition was able to secure a certain amount of outside sympathy, backed up by the always available clamour of the unemployed. Besides, there is in the nature of Sir Henry Parkes' Opposition nothing apparently deserving of interference in his favour. He is an excellent hand at pointing out faults, but he is singularly barren of suggestions in the way of remedial measures. It does not require the genius of a heaven-born statesman to discover that financial matters in New South Wales are, temporarily, in rather a bad way, nor iB that colony the only one the group which has suffered in manner. Hard times come alike to all of us, and must be tided over accordingly. No doubt, moreover, the Government has been somewhat in its expenditure, and occasionally indiscreet in its conduct f public business, but certainly it has done nothing to deserve being ent to the country with a majority at ts back in Parliament, simply because Sir Henry Parkes wants to "jump " he Treasury benches. The very harges brought against Ministers by he Opposition are of the vaguest and limsiest description, and even Mr. bigail, who poses as the champion of urity, has only succeeded in showing p some transactions in the Lands epartment, which were initiated efore the present Minister took office, nd to which attention was called long efore Mr. Abigail ever alluded to hem. It is satisfactory, of course, rom a personal point of view, that this entleman was enabled to assure his earers at a recent meeting that his ands "are cleanbut this is no reaon why those of Ministers should not e in the same happy condition. We ave, however, heard the phrase before. t is a common practice with public en when they are commencing to hrow mud at others, to anounce their own cleanliness. Someimes they are believed. More ften they are not, and when we ead in a report of this immaculate olitician's meeting that he was called pon to explain various inconsistencies n his past career, we can form a fairly uccessful idea of the character of the pposition he is connected with. It s the same with Sir Henry Parkes. s a mud-slinger, he is a success, but e suggests nothing for correcting the istakes he attributes to his enemies. uring all the Tecent debates we canot find that he has in any way indiated even the ghost of a policy. It is he old, old story of Short and Codlin ver and over again, and the chances ria almost certain that were the Goernment turned out to-morrow, Sir enry would come tottering to the ront with a hashed-up programme, ompiled from his adversaries' meaures. To quote a phrase employed a Sydney paper, Sir Henry Parkes as nothing but the " same dreary, eary old tale to tell, and it comes to is hearers as tasteless as Friday's old pea-soup warmed up for a aturday's dinner." The simile may ot be elegant or poetical, but is forcible and fairly descriptive. As lor the charges against the Lands department, every one of any experience knows that a Lands' department is always fair game for charges in any of the colonies, and that each Minister expects to succeed to a crop of scandals just as he expects to succeed to the portfolio and tbe salary. In Victoria, it is a toss up who are most abused, the officers in the Titles department or those in tbe Lands. In New South Wales we suppose it is the latter, and no doubt they are used to it. There is also a considerable amount of truth in the remark made by a writer in another Sydney paper that, perhaps, too much attention is sometimes paid to politics as a game. Presuming the work connected with the administration of public business to be fairly carried on, it matters really but little whether in the words of Charles Dickens, " Coodle won't go out, and Doodle can't come in." As a matter of fact, we agree with the writer alluded to that it would not materially affect tbe welfare of New South Wales, " were the Queen to make an earl of the leader of the Government, and a duke of the leader of the Opposition, and command them both to go home and take their seats in the House of Peers." Another Government would be formed ; another Opposition would be organised. The grass would still grow, except in a droughty season. Sheep would still be shorn. Fortunes would still be made and lost, and possibly other deputations would also clamour for a dissolution. But, as the constitutions of the Australian colonies include the game of politics, all the public ean do is to see that it is played fairly and honourably in accordance with certain rules, and that no player transgresses those rules. Up to the present, the New South Wales' Ministry have secured the necessary majority in the House, and, should they lose it, it will then be their turn to ask for a dissolution and receive—should the majority be against them — a similar refusal. In many instances Lord Carrington has shown that he inherits the business abilities of the first baron of his name, and his conduct in this crisis proves that he perfectly understands the duties and responsibilities of a Constitutional Governor. An appeal to the country is the final test, no doubt, but it must be preceded by something like a defeat in Parliament, and not granted at the request of an Opposition powerless to obtain its ends in the usual manner. 