: . ; ' A. OlioNt itcvival. SIMULTANEOUS with tho revival of business is a revival of ghosts, or rather ghost stories. Our exchanges are bringing them to us from every point of tho compass. At Vincennes, Indiana;' is a German Evangelical Church, parsonage, and graveyard. In the graveyard is a torobstome in the memory of a young man who committed suicide j* qunrter.,of n cen- tury ago.' ** On the stóiie'iÍtho Scriptural verse : ff. Whether we live, we live unto the, Lord j whether ive die, we dio unto thoLord ; whether we live, therefore,' or'dio we ara thb iiiord's.''. Since hts burial the clergymen ^occupying the parsonage have not; been able to stand it very long at ii time. ' Footsteps on the piazza whon no person is seen ; knockings at the door when no one is to be found whan it is opened ; strange noises ííñd lights' at the''windows of the church, and other .disagreeable, ghostly pranks mikes'life a burdon to the pastors and their families. : :>:'" " Not.long since the present inoiiobent, un ftble.jrto .sleep, arose 'and walkedr,arpurid the ohuroh-yard. '.'i lt .was the time for churchyards us well as a tired man to yawn, but the church- yard'did. most'of the1 yawning that night, ï)or';suddenly 'after,W strain of sweet music there appeared befóte tllö pastor' a figure of a man clad in greyish apparel, and beckoned the clergyman to,approach. . Tho spectre had a white face, .eyes sunken, cheeks rawboned and hollow, fingers Jong and bony and shrivelled, and worse than all, its breast wns hare, and its throat, neck and breast were red as blood. The clergyman was sb-overcome "that he was prostrated and speechless arid clung to a tombstone for support. At last he recovered sufficiently to ask the phantom what he could do for it. Tho speotre raised its right arm Blowly, and with its forefinger pointed ' to "itt own' gravestone, saying V" That i inscription should be erased. " Then it disappeared. / . The request was surely a simple and easy one, and if it were necessary to the tranquility of the poor ghost's perturbed spirit, almost anybody would have complied with it. ''? Ham- let agreed even to kill his uncle in order to save his father the necessity of u night travel, whioh he bad evidently grown too old to enjoy. But the clergyman has not yet seen,fit to gratify the ghost's wish. The inscription still remains, the present pastor, evidently intend- ing soon to leave, is bound that his successors shall not have any better time than ho has had with the mysterious knookings and the graveyard interviews. . Down in;Connecticut tho ghosts ave espb¡ ciolly active. At Stratfordafamily sceptical about ghosts moved into a haunted .house last spring with a defiant air. " "Wait until August, the anniversary month of Jonathan Biggs' murder of his wife," said the know- ing and well-seasoned citizons; "'Sure enough,' when August came the children were awak-; ened ot midnight by unseen visitors, who shook them out of bed.' Othor members of( tho' family saw spectres, ,heard knockings,' lnoauings, groanings, and 'strange footsteps, and tho nights aro a constant terror. On an island off Stony Creek an'aban- doned summer hotel is lit up everyr'night:by! flash-lights; and though a hardy,, party, ' bf .sceptics decided to row o vor. some.night, and isoe what was tho caiise of the lights,'they have never yet mustered up;thb 'courage io. ;do it. :' ' .' ¡ K '": j. '' A Connecticut f aimer near Middleto wn is covering his land , with , rocks, ;which 'jhp, ¡hauls and dumps upon his meadows at:rauchi expenso of time and money. Thcso, stones !he believes ore purified and exalted souls of 'men, especially of distinguished men. Com- mon men are not worthy of having their souls petrified. Napoleon Bonaparte, Queen ^Elizabeth, Hannibal, and "Washington aro included,in his fine collection of eminent 'stone souls, and they aro arrnnged mid located with great care. Many distinguished ;meh- Napoleon, Nero, and Pharaoh for example-havo always had the reputation of possessing hearts of stone, but souls of stone J are a new phase of evolution. I 