THE COURTING OF MARY SMITH. By F, W. ROBINSON, Author of 'Grandmother'fl Money,* ' Anne Judge, Spmst^,' 'Little Kate Kirby,' 'The Black Speck,' ?* Lazarus in London,' &c; ? {Published by special arrangement with the author. AU rights reserved-] BOOK L— LAUGHING LANCASHIRE. C&&PIER; X.— THB BEGINNING OF THE FlBE. Yes. The Grand Hotel, Scarletpool, was on fire. There -was no false alarm in it. The hot smoke was coming up the well staircase and stealing into all the corridors in choking fog like clouds, and a scared army of men, women, and children, with hardly a vestige of presence of mind left, and with hardly a vestige of wearing apparel in many striking instances, was flying downwards to the entrance hall and the outer doors, screaming and shoutine as it ran. No one at first took any trouble to as certain wbere the fire was; it was a funons stampede, with visitors and servants in a wild Jumble . together, and nobody knowing or caring which was which. The whole scene was burlesque and tragedy in one, only the scared white faces did not see any fan in it Just at present, ani the reign of terror was supreme. And such a getting downstairs as it was I— of such ghost-like figures, in such odd costumes, of no costumes at all to speak of, with selfpre servation getting the better of any sense of decorum, and unaware it was indecorous. It was everybody for himself, and for the huge outer doors that opened into the safe, cold street. The first consideration of the dis tracted human mind was to get downstairs there was not the slightest doubt about that —-and all the shouts of fire, the banging away at the gong, could not expedite the descent, for the utmost expedition was being already shown in every quarter. Mary Smith was in the hall as quick as any body. She was young and active, and bad not the least desire to be last, or to be left alone in the upper stories; but she was one of the first to recover that presence of anind which for a few minutes had very naturally deserted her. Looking up at the well staircase, and watching the shadowy figures darting to and fro, and coming nearer and nearer to her in their swift descent, was to imagine that she was still in the thick of that nightmare dream of hers from which she should wake presently with an unpleasant thumping in the region of the chest. 'Where is the fire?' she asked of one long limbed gentleman in a top bat and a night shirt who was scudding down toe staircase three steps at a time, with an empty blaek tag, bottom upwards; but, with his gaze far ahead of her, he sprang by and was gone. Mary Smith looked -round for some of the folk the had seen at the tatte d'Mte that evening, but she did not recognise anybody in the crowd— the Lovetts were not there, nor the Tysons, nor the honeymoon couple, nor the Kan with the flaxen wig. Assured, even at the worst, that the fire must take time to reach the basement floors, and satisfied that the outer doors were unbolted and could be opened -at a moment's notice, the visitors and waiters and chambermaids collected in a shivering mob in the hall, and about the various rooms that opened into the hall, and began to talk tcoEt volubly. 'Are you going to let the place burn down without an effort to save it?1 cried Mary Smith, in a clear, ringing voice. 'Cannot any of yon men do something better than stand etaring there?' And then Mary Smith ran upstairs again, followed by a few of the visitors and waiters, who began shouting for water, and on the first lauding she discovered Mr. Iiovett in his shirt sleeves struggling to get a fire annihilator from a bracket in the recess, and finding it beyond Mb strength to move. ' 'Can I help you, Mr. Lovett?' she asked, and he said, 'Yes, lass,13 and then, quickly, ' No — it's too much for you — or for the two of -us, Here, dash it, you, sir, can't you stop f he called to a stalwart individual descending with the usual amount of undue precipitation. But the gentleman was out of his mind for the present, and bellowing out, 'What win become of me? Where's the fire brigade ?' dashed by at 'double quick,' tugging a heavy portmanteau after \nm which contained all his worldly possessions, and which he bumped from stair to stair, and caught people unawares with, and tripped them up till he was fairly landed, panting and breathless, in the halL 'You're a stupid fool, sir!' shouted Mr. Iiovett over the balusters at him ; but the man did not retaliate. He sat on his portmanteau and burst into tears, and begged for somebody Co run for the fire brigade, being impressed with the idea that that notion had slipped everybody's memory but his own. ' If I could only get this confounded thing down,' cried Mr. Lovett, returning to the pillar-box kind of instrument which weighed probably a couple of hundredweight; 'not that I know how it acts when it is down : irat ? ' .. 'Let me help you, Mr. Lovett; I under stand it,;- said a voice that Mary Smith recog nised, and then her neighbor at tHmmr,, with Iris hair as black as a coal, and the flaxen nowhere, was standing in his shut-sleeves by the side of them both. 'Where is the fire?1 Mary Smith ashed again, ' Do you know ?' ' On this floor, the left-hand corridor. Come along, Mr. Lovett. Now then.' ' 'Where ?«' ATima Iiovett, 'asked ££&ry; Smith* 'She's in her room with, her aunt,' said JMr. Lovett. 'I told her to keep there tall I came back for flmw, as it was all right at present, their way. Go to them, Miss RmHJi, will you?— perhaps they had better get down with the rest now. The smoke's getting thicker, and ? ah ! look there !' A shower of sparks, followed by the ugly Crackling sound of splintering wood, came from a corridor between them, and Mary Smith leaving the two men straggling with .the anni iiilator fled down the passage to the apartment where she had been interviewed a few hours previously. The doors of the rooms were open the whole length of the corridor ; the inmates had not thought of shutting them after their Sitting, and candles- were burning on dressing tables, and articles of wearing apparel scat tered about the rooms and the passages in, wild disorder, many nervous folks having tried to dress and run away at the same time. Here Mary Smith encountered Mr. and 'MTra. Cargon, the gentleman in a huge and abso lutely pantomimic nightcap and a dressing gown incorrectly buttoned, and Mrs. Cargon with a shawl over her husband's great coat, a Xancybasket,andaheadasbaldasaneggr They were both in great haste, but they stopped to ask incoherently if the place was burned to the ground, and then resumed their progress, Mr. Cargon coughing Tiimiwlf almost to pieces on the way, and Mrs. Cargon patting him on the back and begging him to be a man and not to give up, for her sake. By this time a small corps of volunteers had been formed, and the annihilator was borne in triumph down the corridor where the fire was, and people ran about with jugs and pails and footbaths full of water, and clashed against each other and stormed and raved, and the man who had worn the flaxen wig was here, there, and everywhere, ordering, marrfiailiTig, and leading the way, with Mr. Lovett not .a bad second, and Mary Smith a very good third. For our heroine bad returned to the scene of excitement after leading MissTiovett very pale but very firm, into the hall, and seeing her aont carried in a big clothes basket into the billiard-room, a heap of senseless anatter^pro tan., with hear head surmounted by a forest of curl papers that must have taken a couple of hours to screw np, and presented at this crisis a very formidable mass of inflam jnatale material. One or two ladies had fainted with fright as well as Mrs. Dalrymple, and a medical man amongst the viators, having recovered bis own presence of mind, was doing his best to restore it to others, and to set the absolutely prostrate on their feet again. Probably the most self possessed at last were the honeymoon couple, who, having Bought shelter oat of tie draught in a corner of thecupboard-likecounting-houBe, were sitting side by side — and hand in hand, as usual — placid and smiling and mghteapped, with their rosy old faces just above the parti tion, like a Punch and Judy in dashabMe, about to commence business in earnest. Meanwhile the confusion on the lower flights -of stairs, and in (he upstairs corridors, was on the increase with the strenuous but amateur efaorts made to stay the progress of the fire, and there were many lending a hand who were very much in the way, and adding-to the con fusion by their noisy instructions, to which jio one paid the least attention. The smoke increased and hung about the upper part of the staircase like a big black pall, and there were little dots of fire quivering amongst it that looked particularly ominous! and the crack-crack of splintered wood went on in the far distance, and kept the motley crowd below very much on the alert. Presently the workers were driven back from the corridor Where the fire was and stood together baffled en the landing-place, and one man, in bis be wilderment, poored a pailful of water over the balusters into the hall, drenching the man seated on his portmanteau, who sprang up at once ana thanked heaven the fire brigade had come at last. But the fire brigade of Scarletpool was in no curry, as it seemed to the excited minds of those who were waiting for it— particularly to the manager of the hotel, who dashed franti cally up and down stairs as far as fiua first floor to eee how everybody was getting: on, and to proclaim stood Oat he was raineC and should ?fc-SSiKi?11??!? ^Higafe and was more fcewdderwltfci»balf »do«nof the wafers pat together, trot-that was because ke had six times XBore cb to mini than, they had. «— «- Mr. Lovett had to reason with him— hold him by the shoulders whilst he talked to him. 'The place is not burnt down yet, you idiot' said Mr. Lovett. 'There's only one corridor alight, and if we can keep the fire there till the brigade comes ifs right enough. We want some more help, that's all. Had ' you not better lend a hand, Jarvis, instead of running about bellowing like a town bull?* Mr. Lovett -wished five minutes afterwards that be had not pressed this invitation on Mr. Jarvis, for the new recruit, thinking it would be better to throw more energy of purpose into the proceedings, ran so violently against the retired, cotton-spinner with his first pail of water that Mr. Lovett slipped down three steps, put his ankle of joint, and sat helpless and indignant on the stairs for the remainder of the crisis. Mary Smith saw the accident, and ran to him. ' ' You are. hurt, sir.' 'Yes. That blundering numbskull has crippled me. By George ! I can't move, Mary Smith.' 'Shall I ? ' 'No— let me be. Dont begin to bother,' he said ungratefully. . ' There's quite enough . fuss in the place without anybody fussing over me. I daresay somebody 11 help me pre sently to get info the halL What a fool that Jarvis is ! As if— hallo ! Tyson, where have you been all the while ?' 'I've been up and down, Jonathan — np and down,' said the husband of the lady by whose side Mary Smith had sat at dinner, and who appeared with four coats on, and two pairs of trousers over his arm. ' I've got everything of my own downstairs now, except Mrs. Tyson's box, and that I have thrown out of the window, ae I could not get any of these con founded fellows to help me carry it A selfish crew, Jonathan, a ? what are you sitting here for?' ?'I have sprained my ankle.' ?lAh ! that's bad. I shall get nearer the door myself,' he said, leaving Mr. Lovett with a friendly nod. 'The fire's gaining ground,' remarked Mary Smith ; ' but f shall have plenty of time to run upstairs and secure a few of my own goods and chattels.' 11 Wait a moment,'3 said Mr, Lovett; ' never mind about them.' 'Oh! but I do.' ' 111 make all that right ? » 'Oh t but you cant' 'Don't keep interrupting me!' he cried testily. 'I dont like the look of all this now —it will be the end of the Grand when it catches the oak staircase. Some of the people are slipping into the street already, the cowards! It would not be wise for you to go up to the top, where all the smoke is. Yon might be overpowered, and there's nobody to help you down.' . 'I don't think there is anything to fear. There's too much to burn yet,' said Mary Smith, reflectively. 'You have a will of your own, I see,' he said, wincing at the pain in his ankle; 'but youTl never be so foolish as to go up there. Wait till those sleepy firemen come, and ask them if if s safe. Cant you do that?' 'I would rather not,' was the thoughtful answer. ' Well— of all the-good God!' 'What is it, sir? — what is it?' exclaimed Mary Smith, alarmed at his sudden expletive and looking wildly round. Mr. Lovett had struggled to his feet and then sank, down ^P5'*1, with ^^ back against thewalL 'To think I should have forgotten it — after all ! To think — Mary Smith,' he said, in a husky whisper, and with a strange, excited look upon his face that she had not seen before, 'you can do me a great favor— an immense favor — will you ?' 'If it's possible, I will.' 'In my room, in the same corridor where Mrs. Dalrymple and my daughter were — No. 43 on a chair by the bedside, you will find a russia leather bag. For heaven's sake, girl, fetch it for me— fetch it forme, at all risks/1 he urged. Mary Smith did not wait for any further in Btructions— did not think there was any danger in the adventure, or that he would have sent her into any danger. Carried away by Mb ex citement, she tripped up the staircase quickly and lightly, and pressed into the turmoil. No one seemed to notice her in the fight with the flames that was going on at the entrance to the corridor beyond — and though the Lovetts' corridor was thick with smoke, the gas was still burning there, and it was not difficult to find the room. No. 43 was printed on a little white medallion on a door at the extreme end of the corridor, and Mary Smith dashed into a handsome bedroom, where a night light was burning on a washstand, and a gold watch, a diamond ring, and a purse were heaped up on the dressing-table, and Mr. Lovetfs hooked stick was lying upon the floor 'along with a coat and overcoat, and Mr. Lovetfs photograph frowned upon her from the mantel piece. There was a chair by the side of the bed, but there was no ruEsia leather bag ! Chaptee XL — The Middle of tote Fibe. There was no rassia leather bag anywhere in Mr. Lovetfs room ; of that Mary Smith was quickly aware. There was a hugh black port manteau on a stool atthe foot of the bed marked J. L. in capitals, but that could not by any stretch of ?tike imagination be considered as a ruEsia leather bag, and there was no sign of the article concerning which Mr. Lovett had been so suddenly and desperately anxious, Mary Smithlooked carefully and quickly round, opened a wardrobe and peered in, opened two cnpboards, one on either side of the fireplace, and then paused to listen to some extra shout ing and g^Tipatrimg 3ti(i rfwwring fn (he distance. She went to the door' of No. 43 to listen more dearly — to make sure it was quite safe fox her to Eager any longer. She had recovered all her presence of mind— for she had taken possession of the watch and ring and purse as trustee for Mr. Lovett ; but her heart jumped a little at the extra noise, the women's renewed screams, and the men's ex cited shouts, and she became conscious that the smoke was rolling in denser folds .along the corridor, and that it was Eke a hot blast as it came along. Conscious of fresh danger, she ran towards the staircase again, but there rose up flickering flames across her path, and she was beaten back by showers of sparks ; a sense . of suffocation came upon her, and a smartness of the eyes that seemed to threaten blindness, and which bewildered her by its strange pain. There was to be heard now the. pumping and throbbing of fire-engines amidst the .babel of of sound; but Mary Smith thought, with a sudden sickening of the heart, that the brigade had arrived too late, and that the hotel most f), and she with it, too, without God's help, or the staircase bad caught, and the corridor . adjacent to* it — the corridor wherein she was trapped like a mouse — was in flames at the entrance, and by the way she had come. The young girl ran back to Mr. Lovetfs room, threw up the window, and peered into the darkness below. There was a drop of thirty-fire feet at least, straight down on to iron railings, and beyond that into a deeper area, wnere she would be dashed to pieces on the flagstones, if she escaped those javelins that seemed pointing np towards her. This -window looked into a side street and not on to the sea front, where the people were who could help her, and who had mustered now in crowds to see the ike, and the roar of whose voices she could plainly hear. It was awfully strange to be alone and cut oS from her fellow-creatures lifcip this ; to feel that the end of her life might be close at hand, and all those young dreams, ambitions, hopes, with which she had started on her journey, lasting not another hour upon the dial. She closed the window and darted from Mr. Lovetfs room to a door opposite, which was -shut, and which she very quickly dashed open with two impetuous nmwiw, and to her astonishment discovered at an opes desk, writing very busily and unconcernedly, and in the midst of a fair amount of fog, a man of some five-and-thirty years of age, a keen, brown-eyed, sunburnfr-faced man, with a club beard, who stared with some surprise at his unexpected visitor, as if her presence there was more remarkable to him than the conflagration of the premises. 'Good evening,' he said, very coolly j ' how's the fire getting on ?u ' Dont you— dont you know that the hotel hotel will be burned to the ground?' gasped forth Mary Smith* 'T shouldn't begreatiy astonished,' he re plied. 'These big hotels are constructed with every facility for blazing away their hardest. I must really ask you, as a favor, to shut the door and keep out some- of the smoke.' 'Why are yon riaiHng your Efe by remain ing, here ?T- asked Mary Smith, almost ia (jjgnaptly. ' ... The gentleman put a paper into an envelope, and began addressing the envelope, whilst he replied toher-questions. 'I am not risking my life, madam. I have been in worse straits than this before. I am rather used to them. There is* nothing to be alarmed at with & window so handy, and all these curtains reefed into ropes, yea see, already ; but how on earth did you get here?' he asked, with a sadden interest awakened in her presence, 'and, excuse me, please,' he added, almost politely, 'but what do you want?' 'To escape,' answered Mary Smith. 'I can't get back to the staircase.' 'Ah, yes, I see it is not easy for yon,' he replied; ' You haven't been trained on board ship to be as agile as a monkey, of course not. Wont you take a seat ?' He handed a chair very politely to her. 'N— no, thank you,' she answered, not yet recovered from her astonishment at these matter-of-faet proceedings. 'There is plenty of time, and it's cold out in the street,' he explained, 'and that's where we shall be if we leave this shanty is too much of a hurry. You had better sit down whilst I think what is to become of you.' The imperturbable demeanor of. this new comer on theeeene of this sensational drama calmed any undne «o»»rtfa«rij-nt wJush, Mary Smith was betraying; his maaneetsas refresb »£]; twlj feecftwe it «m Mfcwd w4 tm afieeted. She felt in less danger for the reason that he evidently experienced no sense of danger himself at a position which had shaken the presence of mind out of most folk in that establishment. 'I saw the fire-brigade arrive just now; they've a good steam-engine and plenty of water, and I think it's even betting that they'll get the fire under without our troubling to move. I remember,' he said, 'a worse fire than this at an hotel .in California, and by Jove ! that was put out before the whole place was down. What have you got there ?' He nodded towards the hands of Mary Smith, which contained a watch and chain, a purse, and a diamond ring. 'Mr. Lovett sent me to his room for some property of his, but I could only find these.' 'Put them in your pocket. Did you say Lovett?' 'Yes.' 'Jonathan Lovett, of Castle Lovett V ' Mary nodded. ' Selfish old brute ! why didn't he go himself for hisabsurdgimcracks?' remarked the gentle man, as Mary Smith put them away. 'He has just sprained his ankle and cannot move,' said Mary. ''Serve him. right. . Rich people have as' much right to sprain their ankles as other folk. I thought he'd get into some mess or other. What does an old man like that want muddling about,' he asked, 'and giving orders and killing himself with undue exertion? He would not leave it to me— he wouldnt do what I told him, no more would anybody else, so I thought I'd come back and leave the duffers to themselves, and finish the work I'd got to do. I never could get on well with a heap of incapables. They're better alone— don't you think so ?' 'I 'haven't time to think of anything just now,' said Mary Smith rather helplessly, as she went to the window and looked down into the street and across at the tossing sea. To her sur prise he followed her, and stood at the window too. . ' May enquire I who you are, or what relation you are. to old Jonathan, that he should send you on these risky expeditions V ?' I do not see ? ' ' That I have any right to enquire. Under ordinary circumstances, perhaps not,' he said, interrupting her; 'but you have intruded upon my studies in the middle of the night. I may say, without any exaggeration, that you have slapped yourself into the room like a harlequin through a trick Sap, and given me — absolutely me !— a considerable fright, and one naturally says, after such an unceremonious intrusion, 'Who are you? A man would hardly say less to a fashionable burglar, much less to a young woman. The man spoke with considerable rapidity of utterance, as if he were anxious to say .a great deal in the least possible space of time, and there was an odd smile flickering at the corners of his mouth that Mary Smith did not know whether to take courage from, or to consider that he was secretly laughing at her. His manners were eccentric, considering that people were screaming in the hritel and shout ing in the -street, and that the whole place was in danger of being burned to the ground. He was a cold-blooded, hardhearted kind of being without doubt, she thought ; but she repressed her excitement very rapidly. She moved away from the window, after one glance through it, and sat down upon the chair which he had placed for her a few minutes since, and looked rather piteously at him. He left the window immediately, sat down at his desk again, turned the bottom half of his desk to the top, locked it, twisted round it the whole of the cord which he had cut from the window-blind a quarter of an hour ago lor that express pur pose, and set the desk close to the window. 'That will be lowered before you and me,' he said, as Mary Smith watched his proceed ings with great interest, ' and if I am com pelled to have the pleasure of your company through the window down to the parade.' ' Is that all that can be done ?' asked Mary Smith. 'That is the last resource,' he replied, 'if they dont put the fire out in the corridor, or the fools can't remember where they left the fire-escape hist. Then, at the very worst, and when it is quite time to go, and if there is no other method of quitting these lively premises, I shall take the liberty of asking you to put your aims round my neck and hold on like grim death, and be kind enough not to scream or blow in my ears, whilst I take you down the rope with me into the street. Do you see that affair in the corner V 'Ye-es.' 'That's my own invention, out of the cur-, tains and. cords about, and the sheets and blankets from my bedroom next door, and a rope I always carry along with my luggage. Fve been, ready this half -hour myself, but I particularly wished to finish this article,' he said, putting the envelope into his breast pocket. ' ' Did I tell you I was a journalist — a special correspondent— just back from South Africa, and all that kind of thing ?' 'No.' ' ' You have heard of Ambrose Chinery ?' 'No.' ' Not Chinery, of the Daily WeAcrspmO— really?' ' No,' said Mary Smith, for the third time. 'Oh! ye gods, and this is fame!' exclaimed the gentleman, throwing up his arms and apostrophising the ceiling with an extravagance of gesture that Mary Smith did not admire, and which suggested to her suspicious mood suddenly that he was doing all this to amuse her, 'and have I gone round the world, and offered my life and services to my country— at a fair remuneration, payable in advance— and ' here is a young, and presumably an intellgent, lady who has never even heard of Ambrose ' Chinery. That's the worst of writing for the newspapers— thafs the ? ' . He paused, listened,- crossed the room, peeped out, and shut the door to very smartly again. Apoff of smoke came in after him, and added to the murkiness that was already in the apartment, and Mary Smith coticed that there were strange hissings and cracklings in the corridor without, and upon which he had summarily closed the door. ' The fire— is it ? ' ' It is getting on very nicely — I mean the firemen are getting j-n very nicely,' he cor rected ; ' are you very much afraid ?' ' No — not very much.' 'Do yon feel safe with me?1 he said; 'do yoa think you can trust yourself to go dewn a rope with me without shrieking, or fainting, or kicking, or any nonsense of that sort ? And if it comes to going down— of course, I take it yon don't want-to stop here after I'm gone.' 'I can trust you. You give me courage,' Mary Smith confessed. 'That's all right. Thafs just what I* have been trying to do,' he said ; ' yoa have more pluck than ' There was a sudden and awful crash outside, and Mary Smith leaped from her chair and ran at once to the window. He was before her, however, and standing at the window again, very much in her way. ' They are at work with the hatchet— capital instrument in a fire — chops away a lot of bad stuff,' he said coolly; 'if you'll sit down Til see how they'regettuag on again.' ' I would rather stay here.' 'Why?' 'It's— if s safer,' she confessed. ' If you think that, I'll stay tot.' 'Are you afraid I shall jump out of win dow?' asked Mary Smith. 'Many women would— they're a trifle im pulsive— and— well,' he said, 'that has been upon my mind, if not very deeply impressed ; but still I thought I would be on the safe side, and keep an eye upon you.' ' You need not have been afraid of my doing anything so rash,' said 3&ary; Smith, feeling a little hurt that he had been watching her thus keenly, and humoring her— keeping her mind employed— thus artfully. ' Womenare the least tobe relied upon when there's a house on fire and a window handy,' he said coolly, 'and, upon my honor, I should feel more easy in my mind jf you would go back to your seat. You attract the atten tion of the crowd outside, who Keep shouting up instructions of which I cannot understand a single word, and don't want. -If their common-sense does not suggest a ladder or a . fire-escape, why, I am not without resources of my own. Would you mind sitting down again to oblige me?' 'Very well, Mr. Chinery.' ' You have: not told me who you are, or what your name is yet,' he said curiously, as die returned once more to the chair she had quitted,, 'and that was the first question I asked you, if you remember?'1 'Mv name is Mary Smith.' 'From London ?' 'Yes.' ' I have not seen you in the hotel before.' ' I came this afternoon.' ' Poor girl— poor girl ! What a bad begin ning for you,' he said, in » sympathetic voice, which he suddenly changed to the old, dry, sharp tones,, which he evidently thought better for the occasion, 'although there is nothing to fear* if you'hold on tightly to me and don't scream. That is a promise?' *' If it's necessary, of course,' he said again. 'And what relation are you to old Lovett, may I ask?' ' I am tiie companion to his daughter.' ' Oh i thafs it,' he said, thoughtfully. ' I should havethoughtayouuglady with her wits about her — and you have— could have done better than that for herself in this world. Do you know Mrs. Dalrymple ?' 'Yes,' replied our heroine. 'I saw her this evening for the first time.' '?Like her?' ' I cannot say yet.' 'Most people very quickly make up their minds about Mrs. Dalrymple, but I am not quite sure they are always in the right. Yotfre looking seared* ATin« ftmiffli. Is your cenrage failing you? Is that your teeth chatter ing?' 'Ye— es,',she confessed. 'lam afraid it is.' 'You are a brave girl, and most not give up atthe last. There is nothing to fear; if yoa will leave yonraelf entirely in my hands,' ha said, more earnestly, ' I pledge yoa my w«& Gf honor that yoti are perfectly safe,' He looked very kindly at her out of ins brown eyes, and she took fresh courage from the CfilmneEs and resolution in his sunburnt - countenance. ' I will not be afraid any more,' she said. 'There's a good girl,' he replied, like a man speaking to a child. ' And now let me look out again. Shut your eyes, please.' Instinctively she did so, and Ambrose Chinery opened and shut Hie door smartly. . 'I don't see any great difference,' he said, coolly, but he walked to thecomer of the room, unwound his neatly-madeand extempore coil of bedclothes, window hangings, and a long strip of rope knotted in various- places, fastened Hie end of the rope to theiron bars of the fire-grate, twisting it in and out ingeniously between the bars, ana tugging at it to test its strength like a man used to ropes, and the splicing and bracing of them. Mary followed him, very pale but very firm. ' Can I help you in any way ?' she asked. 'No. I'm like a professional acrobat; I'd rather see to my own fixings, thank you,' he said. 'Are we going now?' ' In about eight or ten minutes,' he said. ' What a dreadful time it seems !' said Mary Smith, with a heavy sigh. 'I want to give all the dull people outside the last chance before I display my athletic accomplishments, ' he said coolly. ' I hate showing off. And the fire has not got to the next room but two yet,' he said, 'and the fire men are very busy in the hotel, and maying a good fight for it. One more look, Miss Smith, but — you must not stop here by your self. I must ask you to go back again to your seat. Will you?' ' If you wish it. If you cannot trust me,' said Mary Smith, almost tetchily. ' I only trusted one woman in my life, and she deceived me,' was bis strange reply, and Mary Smith remembered his remark a long while after that eventful night, and wondered at it, and what he had meant by it. It made no. impression upon her then; her heart was beating very violently with fear and suspense, -though her lips were compressed, and she was outwardly calm. As she went back to the chair he walked to the door and opened it once more. This time he forgot to tell her to shut her eyes, and she fol lowed his movements and watched the door open with her great grey eyes dilated, and saw the blinding smoke rushin and knew that there was a red glare behind it, and a sullen roar behind that as of a wild beast menacing de struction. He shut the door again, drew a sealskin cap from the pocket of his jacket, and put it on the head of Mary Smith, tying it under her round chin with his own hands, although she made a feeble little effort to do that office for herself.' ' There, you're ready, Mary Smith. Are yoa sure you are brave enough?' ' God helping me, yes, sir,' Mary answered. ' As He will, child,' was his solemn answer. ' 'Now then, take my hand. Courage !' And hand-in- hand, through the smoke which had come into the room more densely during the last few minutes, Ambrose Chinery and Mary Smith approached the windowtogether. Chapxee XII.— The End op the Fiee. . Mr.. Ambrose Chinery was methodical and cool to the last. He opened the window and lowered his desk by a cord to the ground ; he pitched out several articles of wearing apparel which he thought he should like to see again some day ; he flung hisextempore rope through the window, and, holding Mary Smith's hand, he leaned ont and calculated its length; he looked down at the crowd, which had collected to watch his operations, and which did roar up to him innumerable .instructions, as be had prophesied it would, and not one intelligible word of which reached his ears, as he had prophesied that it would not. 'Now then,' he said to Mary Smith, as he sprang on to the window-sill, 'you are not frightened ?' 'I am not frightened now,' said Mary, following him. ' You will have to imagine I am an old sweetheart — or a long-lost father — or some thing of that sort, whom you have not seen for years, and who is just back from foreign parts,' he said laughingly ; 'so put your farms round my neck and hold on. Then Itl fasten this bit of stuff round the two of us, and we'll live or die together, as the saying is.' 'I might wonder how you could jest like this, and at such a time,' said Mary Smith reproachfully, ' if I did not know it was your kind efforts to sustain my courage.11 Then her arms went very timidly round his neck. 'And just because there is no real danger, dont forget,' he added quickly, ' and it's so very easy to get out of Una ; and dont look down, for mercy's sake, girl ! By myself,' he said, as he very quickly and adroitly wound a ' saEh- line round both their waists, 'I should have enjoyed this adventure, and felt some thing like a hero. As it is, it puts me inmind of Jack Sheppard and Edgeworth Bess escap ing' from Clerkenwell prison. Are you hold ing, on, or not? You'll have to grip tighter when we start, Miss Smith, depend upon it. Ifs — why, confound it! here's the fire escape !' There was an unmistakable cheer from the people, who were more nervous than Ambrose Chinery was, and had less faith in the dangling medley of articles hanging from the window, and to_ which support: he had _ intended to tznst himself and his companion, and the cheers were repeated again and again as tine red ladder was pushed along . the parade, wheeled round in front of the hotel and directed to the window, on the sill of which they were still standing. Ambrose Chinery quickly unfastened the sash-line round them and escorted Mary Smith into the room again ; she was half dis posed to laugh hysterically now, and not to know exactly at what she -was laughing, unless it was at Mr. Chinery'a jokes. ' All this is disgustingly unromantic,' said he; 'fancy a hero and heroine going down a spout one after the other like two bundles at a pawnbroker's. And our escape — not this commonplace thing — mind your Fe, here comes the ladder — our escape, say, would have been in all the Lanca shire papers, and I should have been lauded to the skies. I am sure of that, for I should have written the paragraphs, myself. Now it will be,' he added dolefully, ' * two visitors were resetted by means of thefire-e3cape, which was promptly on the spot, thanks to . the energetic action of9 — some local noodle or other, who has never been heard of out of his own back street. Who— hallo ! — oh ! come in,' said Ambrose Chinery to the fireman, whose head, in its brass helmet, emerged over the window-sill; 'better late then never — cant ask you to have a drink— here's your first little parcel,' indicating Mary Smith, 'and look sharp.' Five minutes afterwards Mary Smith and Ambrose Chinery were standing together in the middle of the road with a crowd of sympa thisers round them, and the boots of the hotel, with the head waiter's dress-coat and his governor's best hat on, was imparting all the latest information, from which the fire had cut them off. ' Didn't know till just now, sir, anyone was left in the corridor,' he said. 'You'll come into the hotel, sir. The fire's being got under beautiful; it'll be all right presently. The staircase is out, and mosto' the rooms, bat its a rare muckery, o' course.' 'I don't' think it's worth while banging about the hall with a half-demented crowd, Miss Smith. The place may be burned down yet, or thereil be another panic, or,' he added dryly, 'old Lovett may want you to run on another errand for him.' 'I could not bear the smell of the smoke again. I should be glad of a little fresh air,' said Mary Smith, shuddering. ' Of course you would. Here, Tom!' 'Yes, sir,' said the boots. ' You'll find a desk, and a great coat, and a velveteen jacket— especially a velveteen jacket — and a billycock bat, and three pairs of tr ? , and all kinds of things, all over the pavement under room forty-one, unless somebody'snicked the lot. Put them where yoa can find them, and I'll give you a sovereign in the morning, Tommy.' .-, 'Thank you, sir.' . ' And bring me the overcoat, the velveteen jacket, and the hat— especially the hat. Thunder ! how sharp the wind is !' Mary Smith noticed for the first' time that he was bareheaded, and that the wind was blowing his hair — which he wore' somewhat long—all ways at once, and giving him a most ferocious appearance. ' I have your cap ? -' she began. . ' Yes, stack to it, please,' he Baid quickly. ' ' I never wear sealskin ; ifs so ticklish. Good boots ! here he is again. I shouldn't be sur prised if I don't reward this man with thirty shillings. Bravo, Tom !' giving the boots so appreciative a 'thump on the back that he nearly knocked the desk, and all the things with which it was heaped, ont of his arms ; ' this is business.' Mr. Chinery seized the felt hat and rammed it on to his brows, put the ulster on Mary Smith almost before she could remonstrate, struggled into Mb velveteen coat, which was not made to be worn over a second, and so be came a tight fit, and rather strained across the back ; then he dismissed the boots with the rest of the impedimenta. He looked at Mary Smith, and laughed heartily. 'We are an odd-looking couple,' he said; ' but I dont think anyone will notice us, and if they do, they will 'make allowances,' as my dear old mother used to say. What is the time by old Lovetfs chronometer, Miss Smith ?' Mary Smith- dived into her pocket and pro duced her employer's watch and chain. 'Why, it's only four o'clock!' she ex claimed. ' Time flies, bnt not so . fast as a fire,' he said. ' Shall I take care of the watch for vou till we find Mr. Lovett V ' ' Yes and his ring too, if you please.' ' Not his purse f he asked dryly. ' Yes, if you like,' Macy SuuthrepUed. 'Ah! yoa mast sot trust me too much,' besaid. 'You have only my word flat I am the celebrated Ambrose Chinery of whom you had never heard in yonr life ! Keep the money, aBdrU ttiek. ft th? net of the property j the watch being likely to get out of yout pocket, or dive through the lining, or something, and the ring being only fit fora clumsy finger like mine and the cotton spinner's. Thank you for yout confidence in me, Miss Smith — it shall not be abused. I will not run away with the ' swag.' ' He put Mr. Lovetts chain through his waist coat and dropped the heavy gold watch into his pocket ; he put the diamond ring on his finger and looked at it under the next gas- lamp, and laughed again. 'A dear old seedy pal of mine told me once that diamond rings were only worn by ladies and licensed victuallers,' he said, 'and there's a modicum of truth in it. But the pal is a 8 well dramatist now, and wears a Brazilian as large as his reputation. Sach is the inconsistency of human nature, Mary Smith. You'll find that out when yoa are as old aB I am. Are you cold?' ' No, I'm very warm, thank you.' 'There's a brandy flask in that ulster.' 'No, thank you.' ' Very well, as you please: I did know a lady once who was very fond of brandy. She was a tight-rope dancer, and thought it gave her firmness of carriage. But it carried her off - instead,' Mary Smith was not quite certain even now that this gentleman at her side was not still endeavoring to keep her amused. He talked at so rapid a rate, dashing from one subject to another with an ease and celerity that was very remarkable. Bat he was a pleasant companion, and she could scarcely believe that only an hour ago they had not seen each other in their lives. It seemed scarcely possible that they could be on speaking, even laughing, terms already ; that they were taking a stroll to gether by the seaside, at four in the morning, with, the stars still put and the moon jait going down ; that this man seemed almost a friend whom she might have known all her life and trusted all her life. Still, theirs had been an exceptional intro duction ; they had been thrown together and been in danger together. Without him, it had seemed only half an hour ago that the life and career of Mary Smith might have been wound up very neatly, if not profitably, and in a flash of flame! They stood side by side looking up at the Grand, where there was not much outward sign of fire to speak of at last, and before which the tire-engines were thumping and puffing, and men with brass helmets were still busy ; but within the hotel it was evident that there was a hideous confusion. ' Yes, we should have both been very much in the way there,' said Ambrose Chinery, 'and I hate smoke as much as you do. Are you tired?' 'Not at all.' 'Don't yoa think a walk would do us good?' 'Along the parade, do you mean ?' * ' No, to the railway-station. They'll take my messages there ; they're arranged for. I want to telegraph my report of the fire to the Manchester Waterspout ; but I cant leave you in the street in a seal-skin cap and a man's ulster on. Will you come ?' 'If yoa like,' said Mary Smith frankly. Then the two walked, away together down the Clifton-road. Chapteb XHL — The Walk to the Station. Away from the excitement and noise and confusion which a house on fire always creates, the streets of Scarletpool were silent enough, and after a while Mary Smith and her com panion had the upper stretch of Clifton road to themselves. The station was at the end of this road, a distance of half a mile from the sea. With the stillnesB of the streets there came freBh thoughts of a disturbing character to Mary Smith, and she said suddenly — '* I wish I had gone back to the hotel.' He looked down at her, and said— 'Why?' 'All this will be very difficult to explain to strangers, such as these Lovetts are to me,' said Mary Smith. ' Where lies the difficulty ?' ' I am sent for a russia leather bag^— -' 'Oh!' Mary Smith, stopped and looked up at him. ' What are you saying ' oh' tor ?' ' Nothing ; go on, please.' 'I do not return, with the bag; I disappear altogether,' continued Mary Smith thought fully. ' I may be causing great anxiety as to what has become of me— whether I am not burned to death evenr-and here am L at four in the morning, walking up the Clifton-road with you instead of hastening back to say that I am alive and I haven't found the bag! What wiQ they think of all this ?' ' What will who think ?' 'The Lovetts.' ?'Does it matter to yoa what they think?' he enquired curiously. 'I mean, does it matter very much?' ' One likes to be thought well of,' she said. 'And not to be misunderstood, or to have motives attributed utterly at variance with one's thoughts, one's sense of honor — with the truth?' he added. ' YeE.' 'Then it will be necessary to get out of the world as quickly as possible, Miss Smith,' he said, almost bitterly now, 'for it is not human nature to think the best of anybody, or the truth of anyone. We look for the smirches and smears hi our dearly beloved brethren, never for the flecks of white.' 'All of us, Mr. Chinery ?' ' Oh, yes ; I can prove it.' 'I dont think so.' ' Do you want me to say ' present company excepted ?' ' he asked. 'No; I am not fishing for a compliment,' was the reply. 'I do suspect and distrust folk myself more readily than I ought to do— the hidden motive for this and that is always so interesting, you see. He regarded her critically again from his superior altitude. He was very tall, possibly an inch taller than Foster Deans, and she was shorter than Verity Lovett ; consequently he could look down upon her very comfortably. ' I hope you are not a satirical young lady,' he said. 'I have known so many of that cUtBB dealing in such poor, secondhand material. I don't think you are sarcastic naturally. Are you?' 'I dont think I am— father tells me I am a little too sharp ; but then that is only his jest. L' added Mary Smith, after a moment's con sideration, 'should not like to be too dolL' ' Better be too dull than too sharp; I'm too sharp,' he said coolly. Mary Smith laughed at this, and he laughed with her. He was a good-tempered man, she was sure, by the natural ring of that laugh, by the twinkle of those deep-brown eyes. ' Can a literary man be too sharp V she enquired. ' ' Who told you I was a literary man 2' 'You did.' ' I said I was a special correspondent to the Mancluster Waterspout. .Do you think thatre quires literary ability ?' 'lam sure it does.' ' Ah ! you are very much mistaken,' he said coolly. ' I can write a fan: descriptive account of anything I have seen, from an hotel on fire to a bloody battle and ' horful slaughter of the henemy;' that is, I can write a letter to my employers ; but it is not literature.' ' Gentlemen of your craft do not desry their profession, as a rule.' ' No ; they overrate it,' he said. 'But what do you know of my craft?' ' I have met one or two who live by their pen.' ' Poor beggars ! Where ?' * ' Xn IionQODL ' Oh, indeed ! Do you write yourself, then ? Are you one of us ?:- ' Should I be running after a situation in the family of a retired cotton spinner if I could write ?' she replied. 'WelL I should say not. But there's no telling what a woman will do when she has a set object in view.' He was not looking at Mary Smith, or he would have^nbticed a red color mount to cheek' and brow, and a quick, startled glance, to wards him. He was' feeling in the pockets of his coat for the 'copy' he had written, and was speaking absently, or with some recollec tion of the past in his mind, with which Mary Smith had nothing to do, or with some thought of some woman who had a set object— pos- sibly a cruel one— and had pursued it to the end, and brought him much trouble. There was a grave look upon his face now ; but then he could not find his letter which Mary Smith had seen him seal and pat away. ' Have you lost anything ?' she asked. ' My copy,' he said dryly, 'and my tele gram. 'I .think you put a letter in the inner pocket of your coat,' she said— 'the coat you had on first.' ' Bother these two coats. Ah, here it is. Yes— thank you. You are observant,' he said. ' I shouldn't wonder if ? ; oh, here's the station.' They passed into the big railway-station, where, early as was the hour, some guards and porters were flitting, expectant already of the hrst excursion, which was always in before daylight, and Ambrose Chinery made at once for the telegraph department, a little office bright with gas, where was a clerk, who gave him good morning and seemed to know him very well, and was not surprised to see him. Mary Smith watched the delivery of the message, and the giving over the letter which he had written, and which was to go by the first messenger at the expense of the proprietors of the Waterspout, and by the first train — passenger, luggage, mineral, or special — making for Manchester from Scarletpool, and no expense whatever to stand in the way. The instructions and the length of the telegram took some time, and Mary Smith began to feel tired and to grow thoughtful again, and to wonder whether the boots of the Grand had told the Lovetts she was quite safe, and had gone for a stroll with the gentleman in. No. 41, after joining him in a little excur sion down the shoot of a fire-escape. When Ambrose CMnery said suddenly in her ears .' I am quite ready,' rf» gave a little jump, for she had almost forgotten where she was* ' I should like to telegraph to London my self, if I can,' she said timidly. ' There are friends who will see this in the newspapers, and who will be glad to hear I am safe.' 'Lucky girl to have friends interested in you bo much as that,' he said. ' Have not you ?' ' No one who cares whether I am alive or dead.' ' I am sure that is wrong.' ' Well, a few who would be glad to hear I was dead ? ' I forgot the men who are hanker ing for place, and so sure — so awfully sure — they could do the work better than I.' ' And no one who would be sorry?' ' I retract. Say one,' he added lightly, andMary Smith wondered who that one was, and why a brighter look stole, over his face whilst be spoke. ' You cannot telegraph before eight,' he said; 'you are. the slave of the postal authorities, and I am the genius of the special wire ; but I think it can be managed. There is a London office of the Waterspout, and the message will be dropped in their letter-box for the first comer to attend to. What shall I say foryou ?' 'You are very kind to me, said Mary Smith. ' Who wouldnt be ?' Then, seeing that Mary Snith looked up surprise, he added — 'Who would not be kind to a poor girl' turned — and burned — out of house and home at four in the morning ? What shall I say?' 'Let me see.' 'Here's a form,' he said, producing one from his pocket immediately. 'How will this do ? Please wire to Mr. Smith, of So-and-so, or send boy, if handy, that his daughter was not hurt in the fire atthe Grand Hotel, Seariet poot, this morning. All well — fire out.' ' Ye-es, that will do. It is not exactly what I wanted to say,' Mary Smith remarked. ' And not exactly the person to whom you wanted to say it, perhaps?' 'Not exactly,' confessed Mary Smith. 'May I write it myself — or is it against the newspaper rules ?' _ ' Oh ! you may write it — certainly. Shall I fill in my name and the Waterspout address first ? Then I need not see what yoa have written,' he added coolly. Mary Smith blushed, but she said 'Thank you ;' and, having scribbled in a few headlines with his pencil, Ambrose Chinery walked oat of the office into the dimly-lighted, broad space of the Scarletpool terminus. Outside he burst into a soliloquy that might have amused or confused Mary Smith had she heard it. And yet it was a soliloquy of only two words — ' Jolly girl !' he said. (To tie continued.} We have received from Messrs. Macmillan and Co., of London, through Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son, a copy of a new ' Elementary \- Algebra,' by Charles Smith, M.A. Consider ing that there are already several excellent elementary treatises on algebra in use it might perhaps be thought that another treatise is unnecessary, but any teacher taking up C. Smith's book will quickly find a raimn d'etre for its production in competition with the works of Todhunter, Hamblin Smith, and others. These latter as a role have little prefa tory theoretical reasoning, the definitions and fundamental laws being explained in a brief and extremely simple manner. Charles Smith appears to consider this insufficient to impart a good grounding in the subject, and hence he adopts a rather heavier and deeper style in teaching the preliminaries of the science. He is, however, very clear, and free from the slightest shade of ambiguity, while he explains and exemplifies to perfection. The book carries the subject as far as the initial steps in the binomial theorem, giving a thorough grounding in all sections up to that point. In the examples, which throughout evidence care ful preparation, are a number taken from the Cambridge local examination papers of hist year. As an initiatory work Charles Smith's treatise is certainly more comprehensive than many of its predecessors, but whether it is \- better suited for imparting the elements of algebra most depend upon the mental constitu tion of the pupils. 