WHISPERINGS. [BY LISTENER] That Moonta Salvation Army captain would like very much to see the repre of the Y. P. A. at the "come-asyou-are " meeting on Thursday night. That one of the most amusing and engthy programmes ever drawn up in onnection with Armyism will be gone at the above. That Big Peter was not a match for the poor old civilian on Saturday night, who intends waiting upon him at some future time. That our only Guinea is in trouble again—this time he was stuck-up by a ghost, who so shocked his nervous system that he was unable to give an opinion as to whether it was a man or a woman. That one of our bobbies has been indulging in revolver practice, and had eleven shots to kill one dog, said dog being tied up during the fun. That the scalp fee of five shilling will be bsorbed in paying for the ammunition. That some of the returned miners could ot land in Sydney, as the tide was out. ext time thay intend to sail in the over- land steamer. That impounding cows without a good and substantial fence and charging damages proves to be rather an expensive luxury. That it is expected the Legislative Council will throw out the Totalizator Bill, which passed with such a majority in the Assembly. That one of our butchers lost a custo mer last week because he said he hoped a certain prisoner at the Supreme Court would be acquitted. That a public meeting will probably be held next ueek to protest against the Totalizator Bill. That Judge Bundey snubbed the foreman of that enlightened jnry, and told him he had nothing to do with suspicions That consequently the foreman did not finish his remarks, and it is not known against whom his suspicions tended— whether the man or the girl. That one of our worthy ratepayers bjects very strongly to pay his moiety of the tar paving recently done in front of is premises. That the Corporation would very much ike to meet his views, but the subsidy would be lost, as the Commissioner of Audit told them " Not to do it again, and rutchett is on the watch," 