The1 Trapper's Advenftiare. They were waiting- for a train at a^waybaok atation up-in Humbolt Oounty, and! tlie oon veraation txrnod to spiritualism. A weather beaten trappor, who had come in with'&lot; of skins to ship, said : ' Wall, fur my part, I never gj muci on sperri trappina, ghosts, and aU them kind er things, but I tell yew, boys, I had a powerful score wunst.' 'How was tltatf' asked a solemn man, with long hair, who was evidently a travelling medium. 'Wall, yer seo, it was ope night about a year ago. I was a-Iayin' in my cabin upon the Little B'ar Biver. I woke up long er midnight and got tor thinkin' about my partner, Grizzly Smith, aa died in that very cabin er lung fever four yeora ago that very night Putty soon I felt somethin' teoh the blankits kindcr soft like.' ' Bats,' suggested' tho switoh-tender 'No, thar ain't no rats ia them parts. Patty soon I felt suthin' like a hand a-squeezin' my teg. I f Jt kinder Boarred then, fur I know'd ther doer dogs wus outside, and I was plumb sartin' thir wasn't anuther human bain' in 40' miles o' thar. I was sleepin' in Grizzly's blankits, too, so I aez, ' la that you, Smith ?r ' And there waa two rapa,' said the long haired mm. ' No, thar warn't no' raps, but a Borter buazin', lattlin' aound, lilie a dyiu' man's last gasp — 'zaotly the way Smithie let go. Then I felt suthin' clammy tech my oheek. ' 'Case of materialisation,' said the long haired party. 'Bats,' said the Bwiti-h- tender again. 'Hole yer thar warn't no rata up thar,' growled the trapper. ' I 'low I waa badly scared then, an' ther oold sweat a-droppin' offen me. ' Does yer wont ter kermoonioate suthin', Grizzly ?' sez- 1. Then ther buzzin' begid agin. Arter that suthin' teohed my other hand.' 'Bat-,' wedged in the switchman. ' You'll have ter heel yerself if yer Bay that agin, lantern - jerker, said the hunter, ominously. ' Wall, gents, it got so I couldn't stan' it no longer. I jest jerked them blankits offen me, jumped up and atruok a light.' ' And what did you see P'' 'Why, nuthin', gents, bnt a big rattlesnake. Nuthin' but a plain, ord'nary ratSer. An' me most scarred ter death by ther durn thing's monkeyings, to -. Wall, you bet I jest rolled over ani laughed til I thought I'd burst.' 'And' tha snake ?.' asked the orowd. 'The snake,' said', the trapper simply. 'Wall, I disremember what — I gue?B I Bteppedon it's head, or suthin'. No, gents, I don't tiko no stook in sperrits. Here's ther train.' ^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 