Chatter XXVIII.—Love-Ghosts Hauxt THE CHURCHYARD. What was it that prompted Vinnie a day or two after this to turn into the old churchyard '1 She had not passed its gate since the night of her attempt to drown herself. She had always felt a shudder come over when she thought of it. Yet this morning when return ing from her mother's lodging to Fitzurse House, she felt drawn and driven by a curious phantasy to go out of her way for the purpose of taking one look at the spot which was so loDg sacred to her love and her happiness. She reached the gate, opened it in a half-fearful way, as if something painful must happen to her should she go inside; and she went inside. She made her way to the wall that overlooked the river, and stood there a moment and re called the memories of that dreadful night. The place was in solitude; the solitude and the sight of the water sent a chill through her; she turned away, and feeling weak and faint, she sat down, just as she used to sit when she was waiting for Walter in the old days. Well, she was recovering from all that mad ness, she thought, and perhaps it might have been as well if she had not come into this churchyard so soon again. But she would have to see the old places and she must be able to bear it; she would have to see him again, and to be able to bear that. Suddenly she heard the gate move and she knew that some one had entered the churchyard. She did not look up; she kept her eyes fixed on the ground ; she wanted to see nobody, if possible, not to be seen. The steps came nearer and nearer; it seemed as if they were now coming directly to her; and she heard her name spoken. " Vinnie !" The word made her tremble and start. She looked up, and with crimsoning cheeks saw that it was Waiter Fitzurse who stood beside her. Ob, what memories of happy, hopeful, loving days and evenings, sunny afternoons, soft dusk, cpiiet contented hours in the glow of the fireside, with Mrs. Lammas at her work a little removed—what memories like these came rushing upon Yinnie as she saw him with his eyes fixed beseechingly on her! And then what recollections of bitter disappointment and desolation, of cruel loneliness and the agony or waiting in vain; of pain, and mad ness, and desperation, and of that ghastly midsummer-night's dream; that moment on the churchyard wall, that wild look up at ths sky, that plunge into the swift rushing river! Out of that river she seemed to have come up a new human being. Youth, and hope, and love,_ and disappointment, all were buried for her in that stream. Yet to see him now, and to be spoken to by him, seemed almost as if it could bring back the former Vinnie Lammas again, and torture her with the same mis placed love and the same cruel disappointment. He ought not to have come near her or spoken to her, she thought; and yet, of course, it must be sooner or later, and perhaps hejwas.. rigHl to got it over at once. She 'was deter mined that she would not show any weakness; the past was the past for her. " Mr. Fitzurse !" she said, making a despe rate effort, ana looking up to him with dazed eyes which hardly saw anything; "I am so glad you are come home again. I didn't expect to see you here." "No, Yinnie; and I didn't expect to see yon ; I turned in quite by chance just to have a look at the old place. But I am very glad to see you, Vinnie." "Thank you," said Vinnie, rather blankly. "Iam glad that you are well; and—and—I think I had better be going." " One moment, Vinnie. As we have met— we haven't met, you know, for a long time—I want to know—I should like—I hope you have learned to forgive me?" He spoke in a low, pathetic, pleading tone, and looked very humble and beseeching. "I don't know that I have anything to for give, Mr. Fitzurse; I think it was all my own fault. I was very silly; I fancied you were very really in love with me; and that it would last like that for ever. I know now what non sense that was, and how young gentlemen like to flirt a3 much as they can with any girl that comes in their way; and I thought it all meant something, and now, of course, I know it meant nothing." "Still, I want to hear you say that you for give me; I cannot feel at rest in my heart until I hear you say you forgive me." " Oh, yes, I forgive you, if I have anything to forgive, and I can't forgive myself quite a3 easily. I hope you will be happy, very happy, Mr. Fitzurse—all your life." The tears in her eyes were blurring for her the scene and the out lines of his face. " I don't deserve happiness; I did you great wrong; I don't know now it was " " It was all very natural and easy to under stand," Vinnie said. "You had only known me a short time, and you thought you—you cared about me ; and then you saw a beautiful young lady, rich, and of rank, and educated, and clever, and all that; and, of course, you fell in love with her. You couldn't help that; and she is much better suited to you than I could ever have been—and don't mind about me. I am all right; people are very kind to me; and I hope you may be very happy; and she—and please I think I must go now." " I should have been very happy, Vinnie, if I had never seen her; I should have been very happy with you " " Oh no, no, no," she exclaimed vehemently, " don't say that; it never could have been; we never were meant for one another. I think I felt that, or I feared it, even at the time. You ought to be in society and make a figure in the world; you were made for it and born for it; and I am only a poor little girl, and I should have been a mere drag on you and a dead weight on you—and oh ! it's ever so much better as it is, and I shall soon come to be re conciled to it." A throb of keen and cowardly delight went through him. She was not yet reconciled to it —that was quite clear.; she loved him still. He had come into the churchyard without the slightest expectation of seeing Vinnie, and, to say the truth, without one single thought concerning her. He had for the time shaken off all memory of her, and his chief idea in entering the churchyard was that it would be pleasant now in the pride of hi3 success to nave a look at the old place where he used to hang about in his unsuccessful days. The sudden sight of Vinnie surprised him and roused his curiosity. Why had she come there? Was it because she was still thinking of him ? This was interesting. He spoke to her; and from the moment of her reply he went on without any definite purpose but such as each new word or tone or gesture of hers might suggest. In a few instants he found himself playing the tender apologetic part of one who too late discovers that he has thrown a pearl away richer than all his tribe. Walter lived mainly for success in life; but unfortunately for him his power to play a part had a strangely incongruous and fantastic vein in it; and he was always turning aside to indulge in a moid, of semi-sensuous and dreamy senti mentalism. That was the one defect which for his other objects filled him with faults. For the moment it was nothing to him that ha was the recognised and received husband of an earl's grand-daughter. Fate had thrown Vmnia Lammas in his way ; Vinnie Lammas, whom he^ had tossed aside so heedlessly, and about whom half an hour ago he cared no more than he: cared for " Sally in our alley;" and behold he must sit down by her and indulge himself in: playing for a few minutes the part of the repentant lover who comes too late to see the full value of the love-treasure he has lost. He sat down by Vinnie and endeavored to take herh»nd. He.;had no evil purpose; no deli berate purpose of any kind. Chance threw in lii'g way the opportunity of a fresh and in teresting sentimental sensation, and he could not for the life of him resist the tempta tion. Vinnie drew her hand away and got up. " You are right," he Baid, rising also and standing not quite so close to her as before; " you are right, dear Vinnie, and I was wrong." She did not ask him what he meant, although she had not been offering any opinions as to the right or wrong of anythiug. "I was wrong in attempting to touch your hand," he said, "or to sit near you, or to detain you here. We are nothing to each other any more and should keep apart. We shall have to see each other, I suppose; but we must not meet any more; for I don't call seeing each other in a crowd or in a room with other people —I don't call that meeting. You will love someone yet who will be better worth your love than I was; and you will be happy. I almost wish X had not come in here to-day j but how.did I know? There is a fate in these things, I suppose. Good-bye." _ " Oh, Walter—Mr. Fitzurse," she exclaimed, " how I wish you had not come here to-day! Why did I come here? What brought me? I was getting reconciled and quiet, and I thought I was able to bear anything; and I waB.getting over the memory of that dreadful night. Oh, why must I think of it ?" "What night, Vinuie? What dreadful night ?" He asked [this questions in all sin Ce"That night—oh, don't you know? Oh, you do know—the night—that Sunday night— when I came here and tried to drown myself— flung myself into the river——" "Yinnie ! Yinn:e! I never heard— I never knew anything about this. What night was it ? Why did you do it ?" " I did it because I was mad, because I was in love with you, and you didn't care about me any more ? It was only a little while ago,, the Sunday night when you went away—went away—I mean when you went to be married to Miss Lisle. Oh, I was so miserable and eo wild I hardly knew what I was doing, and I wanted to be out of life, and I came here and flung myself into the water arid I must have been drowned only for Mr. Romont " " Only for Mr. Romont! Did he save you? Was it he ? " He saved me—he is so strong and brave ! Sometimes -I wish he hadn't saved me, but he did; and he and Mr. Pilgrim brought me to the rectory—and then every one was kind to me. And Sirs. Pollen is so good—and I was getting better—and I wish, Walter Fitzurse, that you hadn't come here to-day or that I hadn't come—and why, why, why, didn't you let me alene?" The poor girl fairly broke down in tears and hysterics. She was terrified at the thought of falling back again into her old love. She felt like some weakling lover of drink who has been doing his best to keep temperate and sees temptation suddenly thrust under his very eyes ; who longs to be reformed and finds all his worser nature craving for drink, and who can only moan and shudder at the thought that if this last long enough the spirit of evil must carry the day. She [sat down again, and Walter sat beside her more boldly now. A sensation of mere triumph was filling him, Vinnie had tried to drown herself for love of him! That was magnificent romance, but one cannot _ have everything; and there was a bitter drop in the thought that Romont had saved her, that Romont knew all about him and his love affair with Yinnie; that Yinnie had probably told it all to Romont; that Romont would re member how the very first night Walter and he met, Romont had talked a good deal about Vinnie and her supposed lover m Fitz.urseham, and had not .suspected that the lover was sitting there before him. Walter began to be almost borne down by the:thought of the number of things which Romont knew about him, and the dread of his some day-letting them all out. "I hope, Vinnie," he said gravely, "you did not think of confiding to Mr. Romont, or to. anyone else, that chapter in our history which has ended so strangely for both of us ? It would not be like you to do that." S " I never told anyone," Vinnie said, flushing a little; " I was never asked any question by anyone; they are all too kind and good to think of cross- questioning me—and I didn't know until after that it was Mr. Romont who eaved me; I didn't know it until next day; and I never spoke one word to him about it; I never even thanked him; I thought he would rather I didn't; at least that he would think perhaps it pained me to say anything about it, and so would rather I didn't; for he wouldn't misunderstand me, I know." Walter Fitzurse was conscious of a positive pang of jealousy shooting through him keen a3 a physical pain. He was made jealous by Vinnie's evident admiration for Romont. " S he is in love with him—they all like him—every one," was his thought. "Well, Yinnie," he said, " we must part. I mustn't keep you here. I am glad we have met again; and sorry, too, I think, but we should have to meet some time, and it is as well we should have our first meeting here, in this old place; this dear old place. You do not love me any more, Vinnie. Why should you ? How could you ?" "You shouldn't even say such words," Vinnie said, with some spirit; "you are married; you have a clever and a beautiful wife; you couldn't think so badly of me as to suppose that I could care about you any more except as a friend, of course," she added. " You will love someone else soon," he said, watching her keenly; "why should you not? Ptrhaps already " But the girl stopped him in hi3 speech. "Oh! for shame," she sobbed, breaking down again in tears; " why do you talk so 1 Why can't you let me alone? Fancy your telling me that I am in love with some one else already!" Fitzurse triumphed in his heart. "She loves me still," he said to himself; "that is quite clear." " Good-bye, Vinnie." He held out his hand, but Vinnie ran past him and out of the gate, and was gone. Fitzurse walked complacently to the rectory, to go out for a drive with Janette, who was pining for him, and was beguiling the drear time of his short absence by discoursing to Camiola about his gifts and his virtues. Fitzurse was made more tender than ever with Janette by the thought that Vinnie Lammas was still in love with him. The knowledge gratified his self-love, and made him all the more willing to be loving to his wife. He had, be it said, no evil purpose in his mind as regarded Vinnie. It would have been of no avail so far as she was concerned; but in fact he had no such thought. He was delighted to think that Vin nie was still in love with him, and he was pleased that he had met her and had drawn what was really an acknowledgment of this from her; and that was enough for him. He would tell Janette the whole story sometime, he thought—the story a little edited in his own interest. It would come out, we may be sure, a story of hopeless passion on the one side, and heroic magnanimity on the other. " Where have you been, child ?" Mrs. Pollen Eaid, as she stood on the lawn and Vinnie came up to her. " I've been to see mamma, and I gave her your message." "Yes, that's right; but what happened to you on the way back ? Did you meet any one V " Ob, Mrs, Pollen, why do you ask 2" She was frightened. "Well, because I know the sight of your mother whom you see every night didn't throw you into a state of confusion that lasted from her house quite on to mine. You have been crying;. let me look at your eyes. Come now ; I'll tell you one thing you have been doing. You have been in the old churchyard." "Oh, how do you know?" "You have been there, and you have been crying there. I can see that; and I know why." Mrs. Pollen suspected at first nothing more than that Vinnie had gone into the churchyard to indulge in morbid fancies and unwholesome memories there. " You must not go there for a long time, child; until you have got all over this. It is not good for you to keep the past iu your recollection. I guessed that you had been to that place the moment I saw your face." Then sne saw another expression pass quick as a flash of lightning across Vinnie's face ; the expression of one who has something more to tell, but fears or does not ,vknow how to tell it. "Oh, there is some thing more, then? I have not heard all? You met someone in the churchyard ; yes, of course, I see it all now. You met Walter Fitzurse there. That is what happened." " Oh, Mrs. Pollen, I never thought of seeing him there. I never thought of Buch a thing. I wouldn't have gone in there for all the world • it I had any idea of his ever being there now." "Ho, Vinnie; lam quite sure of that. I couldn't for a moment suspect you of any wish to see him again." " Ob, no, no, no," poor Vinnie murmured. " But he talked to you ; and he wa3 pathetic, wasn't he? He spoke of the old days, and excused himself, and all that, and rather implied that it was a pity things hadn't eLded otherwise, and destiny, and all that sort of thing ?" Why, surely, Mrs. Pollen,'' Vinnie asked with wide-open and affrighted eyes, " you never could have been there? You didn't hear ?" Mrs. Pollen smiled complacently. She was right then in her guosses. The rest would be easy. "I wasn't there, child, and I have heard nothing whatever about what he said or you said; but I have some experience of the world, and of men, and of girls; and I know what that sort of man would say under the circum stances ; and I think I know what he wanted to get you to say. ■ Shall I tell you ?" "No; please don't," Vinnie said, much dis tressed. "Yes, I must; to show you what sort of person he is. and how much a matter of common form all this sort of thing is. Well, let me see ; he hoped you would be happy with someone else—didn't he?—and said you would soon find someone worthier of your love than he had been?" Oh, but how do you know?" "Regular:sdrt of thing, my dear child; might as well be got off by heart out of a [polite letter-writer or sent abontin circulars. Then he asked you if you hadn't already found some one to love; and then you burst into team and made it only too plain to him that you hadn't. : Is that the whole story, Vinnie?" Poor-Vinnie had to confess with renewed shame and tears that that was the whole story; -that Mrr, Pollen knew it all as well-as if she had been a listener. Mrs. Pollen had given her a sharp and wholesome lesson. All that Walter had said must be in the common trick of such men—else how could Mrs. Pollen have known it?—and he was merely playing it off on her to amuse his own vanity. "He is not worth thinking about," Mrs. Pollen said. "Don't you think he ever cared for me any time ?" Vinnie asked timidly. " Never cared, and never will care for you, or any one in the world but himself," was Mrs. Pollen's answer. She was determined to call Vinnie's still undestroyed sense of self respect to her rescue, even though she had to sting it into action. (To be continued.) 