NEWS OF THE DAY. Tha great raoing event of the year — the Melbourne Cup — will be ran for to- day on tbe ' Flemington racecourse. There is every prospect of the event being attended with all its ac customed brilliancy and excitement. Mel bourne was, judging from the appearance of tho streets, never so crowded with strangers as nt present, and as the weather promises to be hue Cap day of this year should furnish a spectacle of oven more than ordinary interest. "The day, as usual, will bo observed as a public holiday throughout tho colony. Dotailed in formation with regard to the day's proceedings t given elsewhere. Tho Governor has received tho following communication from the hou. Edward Stan hope, Secretary of State for tho colouics, in reply to the iuvitation sent to the Prince of Wales to visit Australia during 1887 : — "l)owning-slicet, 17th September. — I have re ceived and lnid beforo tiie Prince of Wales vour despatch relative to the invitation addressed to his ltoyal Highness to visit Australia iu connec tion with tho opening of the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition in 1887. His lloyal Highness has desired me to convey his thanks to all those, bolli in Victoria aud in other of the Australian colonies, who have addressed him on the subject, mid to assure you and tlicm that bad it boon possible he would have experienced very great pleasure iu accepting this invitation. He re grets, however, that during next year, above all other years, it will be most difficult for him to absent himself from England during the summer, owing to the celebration, at that sea son, of the Queen's Jubilee." , Lord Carrington aud Admiral Tryon paid a visit yesterday to Mr. Gillies, at tbe Premier's otlice, ntid subsequently Admiral Trvuu also visited the Minister of Defence. Advantage will be taken by Mr. Gillies of the Admiral's presence in Melbourne to consult with him upon the subject of strengthening tho naval defences. The matter is one in which special action has been taken within tbe last few days by tbe Cabinets of the different colonics. A joint telegram lias been despatched to tbe Secretary of Stale asking what nciiou the Im perial auihoriiies propose to lake for tile better defence of the Australian colonies from a naval point of view, iu tbe event of war breaking out in Europe. The president of tbe Victorian Commission at tlie'Iudian and Colonial Exhibition lias written to the Department of Agriculture from Spain, under date 10th September, on the subject of vine culture. Mr. Posisto states that tie has Collected much valuable information on viue calturc and wine making in Spain. Esparto grass is, lie states, put to varied uses iu con nection with the industry, and it would, he cousidors, lie invtduable to Victorian wine growers. He bus secured some seed of this grass, but to ensure the growth of the plant iu Victoria it will probably lie necessary to plant roots. The Spaniards object to allowing roots to be exported, but -Mr. liosisto intimates that lie will make an effort lo overcome this prejudice. The Minister of hands yesterday received a deputation from residents anil landowners in tho neighborhood of the Daudeuoug Stute forest, who presented a petition iu favor of the forest being made available for selection. The peti tion set fortli that the forest was becoming a ource of danger to the whole community, being a refuge for rabbits, wallabies, wild dogs, and Teriniu of all descriptions. The clearing of the forest would give employment to a large num- lier of persons, aud the whole district would be beueticially affected. It was suggested that the atea should be cut up into small blocks, varying in extent from 20 to 50 ucres, and thrown open to selection at au upset price of £2 per acre. Mr. Brisbane aud Dr. ilroiuby supported tho prayer of tho petition, and stated that the forest was originally reserved for climatic purposes to induce rainfall, but. at Gemlirook tho settlers bad more rum tliau they cared for. Mr. J. Sharped, a local landowner, opposed the petition, and challenged tiie state ment that there Was too much rain at Gem- brook, although be admitted that that might lie the caso iu some parts of the district. Mr. Dow replied that public opinion was against any interfcrcuco with State forests, the idea being that, instead of diminishing, the Govern ment should extend its forests. He promised to have tho vermin kept down, but for the pre sent he declined to submit to Parliament auy proposal which would have tlie effect of dimin ishing State forests. The Central Hoard of Health lias been in formed by telegraph by the health officer at Albany Hint tho steamship Ilaukow from Eng land was quarantined at Albany owing to her having two cases supposed to be scarlet fever on board. The vessel is bound for Melbourne, and left Albany ou Sunday last. The health officers at Quecnscliff aud Williamstowu have been informed of the routeuts of the telegram, aud tho vessel on her arrival at the Heads will be subjected to a special medical examination by tbe health officer. Tbe Peninsular uud Orioulul Company's li.M. steamer Valetta' arrived at Albauv, Western Australia, from Colombo, tit G o'clock yester day morning. She will probably roach Glenelg on Thursday and Ilubsou's Bay ou Saturday next. She brings mails aud tiles to the 1st ult. The Commissioner of Trades aud Customs lets communicated with sevetal expert sailing masters and requested their assistance in tho formation of a board to inquire into the con dition of the pilot service at Port Phillip Heads. In the event of theso gentlemen ex pressing -their willingness to undertuko the duty the commissioner will recommend the Governor iu Council to appoint a board with full power to make a thorough investiga tion. There has been no further development rela tive to the series of frauds upon tho revenue alleged fo have been carried out by tiie Customs agent, Geggic. II. W. Al'Kenzie, the lauding waiter who passed the goods, and who has been charged with neglect of duty, lias written to tbe Commissioner of Trade aud Customs deny ing that lie was in any way blameworthy in connection with tlie matter, and requesting to bo furnished with "the particulars of the evi dence on which the charge is based. The re quest will bo complied with, and in the event of M-Keuzie still deuyiug the chargo a board will be appointed by 'tliu Governor 111 Council to inquire into the case. The Commissioner of Trade and Customs was yesterday waited upon by a deputation from tbe Quecnscliff borough council, accompanied by Messrs. Levieu and Carter, H.L.A.'s, aud 51r. Connor, M.L.C., with regard to tho new jotty in course of constrnctiou at Qucenscliff. It was desired that, instead of tlie transverse section being erected ut tho end of tlie pier, it should bo added to the length of tho latter, so us to incresso it from 1000 feet to 2000 foot. Atter hearing tbe arguments adduced in sup port of tho request, Mr. Walker pointed out that the nmouut of the present coutract for erecting tho pier was £3000, and to extend it the distance required would involve an addi tional cost of about £7000 He suggested that the deputation should wait until the work at present in hand was completed, and if the pier then should not prove satisfactory the appeal to tho Government might be renewed. The deputation accepted this proposal. At the Execntivo Council yesterday orders were passed establishing a cadet corps at St. Brigid's B.C. school, North Fitzroy : disband ing cadet corps at State schools No's. 1646, St, 'krnund, and 1852, Scuth Melbourne; estab lishing a rifle club at borne ; appointing tho Bev. H. G. Burke as chaplain to tho military forces, with relative rank of major. The com missions of tho following officers, who wero posted to tlie corps named, wero also approved of by tho Executive : — Lieutenants F. J. Tucker and S. S. Vickery, Victorian Artillery; Lieutenant S. J, Masters, Engineer Corps ; Lieutenants D. J, Luxtou and G, W. Coven try, 4th battalion Victorian Bities ; Lieutenant G. W. Coventry (Viscount Dccrhurst, 4th battalion Worcestershire Bcgimcut) to bo cap- tain, unattached list Victorian military forces, whilst holding tho appointment of aide de camp to Sir Henry Loch. Viscount Docrhnrst, who recently arrived by tho steamer T'asmaniu, was yesterday gazetted us aide- de-camp to his Excellency Sir Henry hocb. He has also been appointed a captain in the Victorian military forces. At a meeting of the University council held yesterday it was agreed to adhere to the resolu tion recenHy passed by tho council, requiring professors to act as officers in charge of rooms during the time examinations are being con ducted. Tho professorial board forwarded a re port containing a recommendation against charg ing professors with the duties, as was done by the resolution passed by tbe council, and the finance committeo recommended that the motion reliev ing professors of duties of officers in charge should be rescinded. This, however, was lost by five votes to four. Tho finance committee's object io desiring to aguin placo tho duty on tbs . professors was to save the expense of appointing scparato persons to take charge, as it was urged that this course would entail the payment of fees. The council also agreed to notify by advertisement that they intended to nominate a gentleman as eligible for a military cadetship in accordance with the ustutl annual custom, and tfcqyalw eoaaidand a letter complaining of the appointment of a gentleman as an examiner in physics, the ground of the complaint being that mH 6ent'e?lan nominated was himself a toacher. Tho council, however, did not coneidor that any Teason bad been ehowno cause them to change the appointment The subject of clinical in structors was again brought before tho council, and it was agreed that' a deputation from tho couuc.il should wait on ths-Promier, and direct his attontion to tho .desirability,. of the Govern ment. obtaining ,tho privilege of nominating, on the recommendation ' of tho council, two physicians and two -surgeons to act as clinical instructors at the Melbourno Hospital. Tho council also transacted other business of minor importance, and at its rising adjourned for a week. Amongst the numerous exhibits to be for warded by various manufacturers in Melbourno for the Bcndigo Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, a specially attractive one is being prepared by Messrs. T. W. Tram and Co., of the South Melbourne Marble Works. It includes several fine samples of imitatioa -"marble mantelpieces aud au icsthetic combined mantel and over mantel, tho glass in tho latter being beautifully embossed witli a female form embowered in leaves and roses. These articles will be shown, together with some exhibits of colored, glass screen work, in a special court reserved to tho firm's manufactures, the entrance to which will be formed by au elegant imitation urch of vari colored marble, shaped after tho Moorish stylo of architecture and inlaid with colored glass aboro the span. The imitation morblo work of Messrs. T. W. Train and Co. is particularly meritorious ou account of the natural stone colors being closely followed. Tho usual ntis- tako of embodying glowing tints into the patterns nt the expense of veri-similitndo is avoided. A gathering of gentlemen interested in tlio agricultural implement making business took place last night, at tho Hotbam town hall, the proceedings taking tho form of a diuncr. There was an attendance of about 50, the large majority being tho representatives of tho various firms who arc well known' as ex hibitors at agricultural shows throughout the colony. Tho chair was occupied by Mr. W. Do-.vites, of Messrs. T'. Henderson aud Co., and the vice- chair by Mr. G. Gibbins, manager fur Lenuon's manufactory. Amongst the guests wore Sir. J. Laurens, M.L.A., and tho mayor of Hotluun, Cr. T. Henderson, who is himself a maker of agricultural implements aud maciiiuery. Mr. Laurens responded to the toast of the Parliament of Victoria, which was proposed by the chairman, aud .Mr. T. K. Dow replied to tiiat of Tlie Agricultural Interests, which was given by the vice-chairman. Mr. J. S. Henderson, of Messrs. James M'Etvau and Co. , proposed Tho, 'Manufacturing Interests, which was acknowledged by tlie mayor of liolhaiii, Mr. Swan (of 8 wan and Co.) uud Mr. Gibb (of Gibb, Laverick and Co., of Bailnnit). These gentlemen were unanimous in con demning tlie present system followed bv agricultural implement makers of seadiug implements to al. tho siiotvs iu tlie colony, and later in the evening u resolution was proposed by Mr. II. Garduer, of T. liobiitsun and Co., and seconded by Mr. T. G. Foster, affirming tlie desirability of reducing the number of shows at which manufacturers should exhibit their implements and machines. This was unanimously agreed to, and another resolu tion. in favor of cheaper carriage by rail, was carried on tho motion of Sir. if. Grottbo (Swan and Co.). Tho preliminary steps towards forming uit association to give effect to these resolutions were taken, and a committee to work the matter op was ap pointed, it being understood that a general meetiug of tho trade should tako place curly next year. Amongst tho other toasts proposed was that of The Commercial In terests, given by Mr. J, B. Garde (M'Culiuuu Garde aud Co.), aud replied to by Mr. ,T. S. llcudersou and Mr. M'Laren, of -Messrs. J. and II. M'Lareu, of Leeds, England. Tlie proceedings throughout the evening were agree ably relieved by songs and instrumental music, and tlie company separated ut n late hour, the gathering having proved both cujoyublo aud profitable. Tlie Annual meeting of tho Commercial Travellers' Association, which was established iu 1881, Was held at the club rooms, Collins- street east, yesterduy afternoon. Tlie attend ance of members wus very large, and tho chair was filled by Mr. C. Forbes, president of the association. From tho report of tbe committee aud balance sheet the association appears to be iu a very llourishiug condition, thu members roll amounting to u total of 425 as against 330 last year, and ibe accounts allowing a credit balauce of £2306 7s. 5d. Mr. C. L. l'ridham was elected president of tbe association for tho ensuiug year. We are requested to stato that, as it is in tended to issue tn! re'e. cards for the inaugural dinucr of tho Mayor of Melbourne on 9th iust., it will be necessary to treat all invitations not accepted by Thursday next as declined. At a meeting of the llothom council held yesterduy evening tho action of tho Brnuswick couucil iu soliciting Mr. Nirnino to chaugo the name of Bruuswick to North Melbourne was considered, and it was unanimously agreed that tlie step taken by the Bruuswick municipality was altogether unworrautublo. It was decided, on the motiou of Cr. Fogarty, seconded by Cr. Beyuolds, that Mr. Nitntno be requested to stay his bands in tho matter till a pelitiou to the Uotham council, asking that the name of that borough bo changed to North Melbourne, had bceu brought uuder his notice. An important question in connection with the Licensing Act 1885 was decided on appeal by tho Full Court yesterday. William Coven laid an information" against Timothy Harring ton. landlord of the Kingston Hotel," before tlie Biclimond justices in August last, the defend ant being charged with having a door, by winch admission was gained to the bar on his licensod premises, unlocked during prohibited hours ou the night of Monday, the 16th August, ut live minutes to 12 o'clock. Ttro constables saw a light iu tho hotel and heard persous laughing aud singing. They kaockcd at the door, hut wero not admitted for about half au lionr. Tlicy then saw the defendant's wife sitting iu the bar parlor with three men aud three glasses of ule at a side table. The defeudunt was in tho bar with two men, and tho door was opeu. The defendant said he was entertaining somo friends who wero leaving in tho morning for Sydney, and his attorney, Mr. Gaunsou, urged tliut as 110 money had passed there was 110 case. The bench dismissed the information. Tlie court held that this decision was erroneous. The appeal was nllowed with costs. Mr. Hood appeared for the appellant aud Mr. Hamilton for tho respondent. A new tnnl was ordered by tlio Fall Court yesterday iu tho caso of Albrecht v. Patterson. This was an action for slander instituted by Miss Elizabeth Albrecht, a licensed victualler at Colliugwood, against Annie Marks I'attorson, a married woman, having property separate from her husband. Tho plaintiff alleged thnt she had been injured iu her reputation by the defendant's allegations regarding her uu- chastity. The case came on for hearing before Mr. Justice Kerferd and a jury, aud tho plain tiff was awarded £50 damages for tho injury she had sustained in her business as a publican and £200 for loss of friendship and hospitality. Tho Full Court, in points reserved, decided that the plaintiff wns not entitled to damages ou the first issue, aud the case now camo before the court on a motion for a new trial, ou the grounds that tho damages were excessive and that tho learned judge had misdirected the jury in telling them that if they considered special damage uuder tha head of loss oi hospitality to ho proved, they were then at largo as to damages, and might award the plaintiff com pensation for general loss of reputation. -With regard to the first ground tho court were of opiuiou that the finding of the jury should not be disturbed ; on tho second issue, however, they disagreed. Mr. Chief Justice Higiu- botham thought that tbe hardship of the existing law, whereby tho proving of special damage was precedent to a right of action in a case liko the present, might be mitigated by allowing the jury, after this condition was satisfied, to be at liberty to award general damages for tbe injury actually sustained by tlie plaintiff, iu additiou to that which had bceu specially alleged and proved. Mr. Justice Williams aud Mr. Justice Webb, however, were of opinion that the jury were limited to the assessment of special damages, Tho motion for a new trial waa therefore granted with costs, tlie costs of the first trial to abide the event of the second. Mr. Chief Justice Higinbotham yesterday delivered the judgment of the Full Court in the case of Regina v. Kenny. The prisoncr was tried at the Court of General Sessions, at Melbourne, ou a charge of feloniously wounding bis wife, Honora Kenny, at Avenel, in May last, and a special case was stated for the Full Court as to whether the evidence of the prisoner's wife was admissiblo to prove cireamstanccs beyond the immediate facts of tho assault, and whether the depositions of hi6 son, a boy. of . 7. years of age, were rightly admitted as eyidpnep against hint. On the first point, his Honor said it was an old and well established role of cobimon law that neither a husband nor a wife was compe tent or compellable to give cridcncc for or against the other in any criminal proceeding ; bat a common law exception to this rule, equally well established, existed, where per sonal injuries had been committed by 'the husband or the wife upon (ho other. If the testimony of the husband or wife was admitted ex necessitate respecting the facts iu issue, there! could be no sufficient cause for excluding it with reference to other less important, bat relevant facts, when such testimony was re quired to clucidnto or explain the main facts of the case. Tbe evidence of the lad James Kenny was elicited in au informal manner, but the conviction was sufficiontly supported by other evidence, aud, therefore, this could not be held to bo a solid reason for setting it aside. Tho conviction was affirmed. _,-zaS3 Tho Full Coart yesterday decided some points reserved in tho case of Easterbrook v. the Shire of Grenville. Tho plaintiff, Sarah Easterbrook, administratrix of Thomas Easterbrook, her late husband, sued the defen dant shire on account of injuries sus tained by licr husband, and by which he had met bis death while on iho rand to Lintons, on tbe 13th August, 1885. Tho road in question was under the defendants' control. It was 3 chains iu width, but ouly tbe central portion, about 15 foot, was formed aud metalled. At one point it crossed a water course, which further on encroached upon tbe unformed part of tlio road, and wns not gaardedby a fcnceor otherwise. Wliilstinaking use of the highway in this locality Easterbrook fell into the water and was drowned. Tbo action wns tried beforo Judge Casey ut Hie County Court, Bullarat, ou thu 19th Juno Inst, and the jury found for tho plaintiff, assessing damages at £250. Tho deionce was that tho shire was relieved from all responsibility, the accident having occurred on tho unformed portion of tlio road. ' llis Honor stated a special case for the Full Court; which upheld thu defendants' objcc- tiou. Mr. Box aud Mr M'yuuo appeared for the plaintiff ; Mr. Finlnysou uud Mr. Gold smith' for the defendants. Tbo mining suit of Sinnett v. Darby was resumed In tho Equity Court before Mr. Justice Webb yesterday. Tho plaintiff, Flora Sinnett, seeks to recover her deceased husband's share iu the Crown Cross Quartz Gold Miuiug Company at Bushworth, which she alleges she was induced to ecll at a price much below its real value, uuder circumsinuccs amounting, to fraud. Further evidence was called on her behalf yesterday, which was corroborative of the previous testimony as to tho richness ot the mine , at the time. Siuuett's half share was sold for £130, and Mr. Furvos, Q.C., who has been' retained for one of the deieudunts. sub mitted ttiut uo proof of trusteeship hud been established, mid that tbe plaintiff bud failed to .substantiate her allegations us to fraud. He therefore claimed that a nonsuit should ho entered up against her. Arguments on this point had not concluded when the court ad journed until to-morrow morning. The General Sessions for November were commenced yesterday morning, before Judge Molesworth and juries of 12. Geo. Maynes, a carter, in the employ of John Hutchinson, iron- founder, Post Office-place, pleaded guilty to forging and uttering a cheque for £3 on the 9th October, and was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, Edward Fitzgerald and William Armstrong tverc charged with assaulting uiiil robbing John Dalrytuple, a uowsboy, 011 tlie 16tli October. Tlio hid was walking uioug Little liourke-stroet aud tlio accused, seeing him counting some money in his hands, set upon him, knocked him down and robbed hint ut 2s. 2d. They were found guilty. Armstroug wns sentenced to a mouth's imprisonment- uud Fitz gerald to seven days' solitary cominemeut; Charles Muckiunou was presented on a charge of larceny us a bailee. Tlio compluiuuut, i'etrus Leesckamp, deposed that he entrusted tlie prisoner with two rings, and when he mode application for thorn he fouud that. Muc- kiunon Jtad sold them for £1 to Charles Brooks, batman at the Union Club Hotel. The defence was that the accused did not sell tiie rings, but merely borrowed £1 on tiioin. Brooks cor roborated this testimony by stating tliut tlio prisoner told hint when selling tbo rings that lie intended buying them back us soou 11s possible. The jury without lc-aviug tiie box returned 11 verdict of not guilty and the prisoner was dis charged. Win. Ormoud, Win. Harris, and Archibald Oliver were charged with stealing £160 wortli of jewellery from the shop of Phillip Blnsbki, Bourke-street, ou the Sib October. They asked for au adjournment iu order to ob tain the ossistaucc of counsel. Their request was granted, uud the case was postponed until Monday next. Tho court thou adjourned uutil to-morrow morning. A sovcre sentence was passed at tho City Polico Court yesterday ou a couple of gamblers caught iu tlio act of curd playing 011 tlio Flemiugton course on Saturday, nud it is in tended by the magistrates to make uu example of all such sharpers, whom tho police are in structed to seize. The pnir, who tverc appre hended before they had time to do any serious mischief, wero lined £10 each, and this punish ment is in store for all thimblenggers, card players aud Other dishonest sweep promoters who full iuto the bauds of the police to-dnv. Tho crime committed iu the city may fairly be estimated by the monthly return furnished by tho city walehhouse keeper of tlio number of arrests, convictions aud serious cases seut for trial. During tlie mouth of September there were 1050 churges dealt with at the City Police Court. During last mouth the number was 952, being uearly 100 less thau tlie pre vious mouth. The committals for trial were 25 in September, and 25 again lust month ; and it is noteworthy that- ' the same number of offenders Were committed from the City Court during thoso mouths lust year. Tlie Telegraph department hns received a notification front -Madras to the effect that tho Turkish routo is interrupted beyond Mossoul. It is probable (says tho Broad A rrvw, a journal usually well informed ou military sub jects) that a step which lias frequently been insisted upon by this journal as tlio very crux of tlio settlement of tbo Aiiglo-Egyptiau pro blem, uuiuely, tlio acquisition by England of tlio Kjiedivate, will be precipitated by tho march of events in the Balkan Peninsula. Lord Salisbury is not the passive spectator of tho Iiusso-Austrian counter- moiMKiivras which sonic people appear to think. He is foliotviug closely tho progress of the rival intrigues of Vienna and St. Petersburg, and will be ready with decisivo action ut tlio right minute. Our interest in the East has been somwhat removed of late from Coustautinopie, hut it is uud must ever be fixed on the shores of tlie Suez Canal and in tiie Bed Sea. There fore, upon any movement by Austria upon Sal- onicu — a thing which is more thau a dream of the liapsburglis, consequent upon Russia's linal claim to a water exit by way of tho Bos- phorus, equivalent to a Muscovite domination of European Turkey — our Govcrment will for mally seize and bo prepared to hold Egypt. Wo ventured to prophecy at tho time of tlie" British occupation of Alexandria in 1882, and to affirm during the subsequent sentimental chatter abont evacuation, that events nltogollier beyond our control, and moving in quite another part of Europe, wonld iueritably turn a temporary cccnpatiou of Egypt into u pcrmancut acquisi tion of the country. Wo lately remarked (says tho Broad Arrow) iu au article on Bussia that neither the princes nor peoples of the Balkan Peninsula wero anxious to bccoino Bnssiau feudatories or ltussiati sub jects, uud that neither Germany or Austria would ever consent to give Russia a free baud to deal with tha Balkan States as she pleased. Since then very momentous eveuts huvc occurred, tutd tho actiou of Gcrmauy and Austria in the matter is incomprehensible. On the one hand, we havo an alt absorbing power like Itussiu pursuing a course of action whicli would simply close the Danube for Austria, und convert the Black sea iuto a Bnssiau lake with a vast for tress astride of its lock gates. Ou the other hand, -we sec two kindred nations like Gcr mauy and Austria, whoso interests would seem to be ideutical, couseutiug to a policy which must injure themselves. What is the key to the enigma? It is said that the explana tion "of it nlPis the dread of Prince Bismarck of a Franco- Russian alliance, aud having to fight France in front and Bussia in rear. If England were a reliable ally, the real league of peace for Ettropa would be Germany, Austria uud England. Their interests do not clash, aud they are connected by race and afiiuity. Around such a league of peace the smaller States, who tremblingly await absorp tion, might ally Uicinselvcs. But even \ritliout England, Austria and Germanv might stand back to back against Russia and France with a fair chance of success. But Austria is au unfortunate nation. It lias over been her futo gallantly to fight, and unfor tunately to fail. Nations, like individuals, cau- not afford to risk partnership with tho unlucky one. Anyhow, tho air is full of explosivo gas, which a spark may ignite at any moment. Meanwhile how is it with tbo British army ? Where is the first army corps ? Where ere "its generals, and who compose its staff ? A mem ber of the House of Commons may well ask where it is. Eighteen millions sterling spent nnnnully ou our army, and the ghost of an army corps to show for it. Every nation in' Europe is ready to fly at its neighbor's tbrout, either to rob her or to pre serve what she herself, has stolen. Meanwhile wo go on experimenting as quiotly as the philosophers at Laputa. Experimental rifles — experimental drill — experimental cannon. With tbe greatest command of money and mechanical science in the world, we are tho. last nation in Europe to invent or adopt uny military im provement. No nation in Europe has our con- I stant experience of warfare—for we aro always at.fwxa.nhWi; yet no: nation iu Europe knows less about it. The Exhibition trusteos have decided to open the Aquarium to the public every evening daring the "present week. The caves will bo illuminated, and visitors will have an oppor tunity 0: inspecting the various additions that have been made during the last few mouths. Tho Melbourne Coffee Gnrdeus Society have arranged to givo an extra open air concert ou thu afternoon of Friday, in tho Zoological Gnrdeus, commencing at 3 o'clock. There will bo an orchestra of 25, under the conductorship of Mr. Jnlius Sieda. As there will be no racing on Friday, the entertainment will no doubt be largely attended. A meeting of the Shelley Society was held last evening m tiie society's "hail, at "the rear of the Assembly Hall in Collins-street cast, and iu tiioprescnccof a good attendance. Thotollowing papers were read and discussed : — Shelley's Letters from Italy, by Mr. C. II. Bound ; The Hymu to Jntellcctnal Beauty, by Mr. David Blair ; Alastor, by Mr. F. Scrivenor. Tbo exhibition of the Royal Horticultural Society will bo oponed to-morrow in tho grounds, Richmond Park, iu the largo pavilion recently erected. It is expected that the dis play of plants und flowers will be both largo aud. fine. Roses arc likely to be especially abundant, several valuable prizes being offered, and tlie recent fine weather bus bceu favorable to the expansion of tlie blooms. Tho Spanish and Columbian Festival in tho Exhibition Building was well attended last evening. Mr. Donegan's performing dogs afforded much amusement. Tlie great gun act and Signer Borzoui's discovery of America by Columbus wero received with applause. This evening Professor Sylvester, son of the Fakir of Oolu, will appear in his marvellous evolutions, Skating by Moonlight, Signor Borzoni's Discovery of America and the gun act will be repeated. There is also a varied and entertaining programme of side shows advertised. Tlio number of visitors to tlie Tubllc Library. Mu seum and Nutionnl Gallery during October wus 48,313, 0: wtiuni 33,554 visited the library. We arc requested 10 mention that Mr. Dennis pre sided at the meeting; of pilots held at Wllllamstuwii on Thursday evening. not Mr. lSiirtun as was staled. Tho presentation to thu mayoress, Mrs. J. C. Stewart, and Miss itewart. will taiie place on V.Ydue.sday. at 2.30 p.m.. ut thu Tmrn tlatt, to willed members af tho cuin- illltteo are Invited. A meeting of tlio Victorian Commission of tho Ade laide dntillee exhibition, will t.c held on Thursday afternoon, for tlio purpose of receiving tlio reixu- ls of the. president and secretary, and the disposal of general business. The number ot visitors to Urn .Naur, mil Museum o! Natural History and Geology far the ueelt ended 30th October svns- 1230; for tlie month. 5342. Tins Unrcuin is ones to the public daily (Mtndays cxcejdc't) Irani Id a.m. till 5 p.m.. in Use Xationut Museum building at tlie hnel; of the. University. Messrs. lluddait, Parker nud Co. notify that their steamship lixeelsior will make a stmcial excursion to tieelong and fortarlinuPm to-day, leaving the Queen's Wharf nt half-past 9 .1.111. l-'cir the convenience of those desh-ans of witnessing the rare-, the steamer Alert wit! not leave for Geclang limit ti p.m. There svlil he nn Informal rr'snion of members of the Victorian Public Service Association, at tluiir rooms In tiie .Melbourne Atlieiueum, on Wednesday, tlio 3rd ins.. Tliis will tie tlie lirst of a series of monthly meetings of members of the association which have heo'u proposed by the council, witli tlie twotold object of cu- nbling members to becmno better acquainted Willi one nnolhcr und of passing a frieudly hour together. Though these svlil t o no set programme on this occasion yet mi enjoyable evening may Iss expected. 