A QUESTION OF PRO PRIETORSHIP. A STORY OF THE MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY. '" \ ? ' BT LUKE SHABP, in Detroit Free Press. WHEN John Wentworth put the last touches to his work he stood baok and regarded it with admiration. He stood with his hands m his pockets and his cap well back on bis head, and he felt that glow of self-satisfaction , ca * m®n who has just finished a long and arduous task. "Well," he said, as he turned hia head, now this way, and then that, "I caU that a first-class job, by George I" It was certainly a most complete piece of mechanism, every joint perfectly fitted, yet o^ l10D vr3 n?ver ^together appreciated, and when Mrs. Jones, the landlady, deceived by the silence in supposing that Wentworth pad gone out, and thinking the present a good time to fix up the room, came in, she gave a rcream of terror, and, on catching her breath, cried: ? . fcnrlS^8-' ^Wentworth, what a start that horrid thing did give me. You're not goin« « 4 m the honae> Mr. Wentworth?" 'Mrs. Jone?, let me present you to our dis tinguished fellow-lodger, J. W. Siodgers. I venture to say that a more complete or hand *7" skeleton cannot be found in Ann Arbor, Mrs. Jones, if I did wire him mrself. John .W. will, give you little trouble, Mrs. Jones, aDd if, when we're out, you give him a little touch up with the duBter he will not only appreciate it, but you will also oblige ? t TTr oi f and myself, for we are partners in J. W. Stoogers." Mercy sakes, I'll never come into this room if that skeleton is to be here." "Oh, John-W. is harmless. Besides, he has been m that box here for some weeks. I ve only helped him to collect himself, as it were. . At this moment the lower jaw of the eknll dropped with a click to an angle of forty-five, and Mrs. Jones gave another little shriek as - oho looked with averted gaze at the sort of Z'mlangh of the skeleton. That, sajd Wentworth, with pardonable pride,"is a little device of my own. That ' *uW ®iaya in Plsce aboct hal£ sn and then drops. By the way just notice what a lovely set of teeth John W. has: That's the fault I find with most of .our American skele ton^ They have poor teeth. It seemed to Smihe and ma that this fellow must have been an Englishman, he had such good grinders, so ttq christened him Stodger3. an aristocratic name over there I am told." " It gives me the chills to look at it," said Mrs. Jbnes. The fading afternoon light threw deep shadows in the eyeless sockets that gave Mrs. Jones an uneasy feeling that the skele ton was looking at her. "That's because yon always had «Lits' to board hero instead of'Medics.' You'll tret used to John TV. He's an unobstrusive cuss. . If everybody minded his own business with ' the exelusiveness J. W. does there wouldn't be much trouble in this world." Wentworth bitterly remembered this re mark later on. Atthis moment young Smilie came in. Jove," Bsid Smilie, in admiration# r y°u dione ^haS nP tiPtoP>John- Thunder, I call that a triumph," and he walked around and took a side view of it. " That'B what I call a deuced good job for a first attempt. Jones?" 6Ver 868 anytllin2 handsomer, Mrs. worthT' JoDeB thillk8 Bhe has," said Went- ' . " It's awful," shuddered Mrs. Jones, " To - think that that was alivfe and walked around . like the rest of us 1" ; . "/And thou hast walked about, how strange, :, a story,'" quoted Smilie. "That's so* it's rough on J. W., isn't it?" i\ Mrs. Jones went down stairs and the medi- '. cal students closed the door, "" His jaw drops a little, John, said Smilie.^ That a _ all right; show the action,-vou4 TDwWWand Wentworth with a ruler touched John W. under the chin and the two gleam- ' itfg rows of teeth came together and remained . in that fixed grin so characteristic of all skele- ' vOBB* i. ? . Wentworth had placed a narrow table .against the wall, and on it John W. sat with his Bkull fastened to the-wall so aB to keep him upright,- while his spindley white legB dangled down and swayed gently to and fro, when the dopr opened or a breeze came . through the wpdow. , The medical students sat down, and Went worth was telling Smilie how he had over come certain difficulties in articulation, when - ; there entered with unnecessary silence a : stranger. ' : "Excuse me, gentlemen," he said. .. ."Beg your pardon," eaid Wentworth, «I aian t hear you knock." ;: -7- * . > . .'I didn't knock." - "Oh;" " Take a chair," said Smilie. "I will stay but a few moments," replied the stranger. Of course neither of the young men knew all the hundreds of students at the University, but they thought the stranger belonged toons - of the departments, although it seemed odd that he should enter without rapping.' . ' "Have a cigar," Baid Wentworth, pushing the bos towards him. "I come on "business," said the other, ''and do not smoke. That is my skeleton." . " Oh, excuse me," cried Wentworth. "I articulated John W. myself." "Whom?" " John W. We call him Siodgers. John W. Stodgera." , 1 '. "Oh, you do." ' - . "Yes. For convenience. Don't suppose that was his name." " It certainly was not;" i " How do yon know ? " " Because I tell you the'skeleton is mine." " Show him our receipts for the body, John. Ion don't understand, I' gaess, that Weftt- . worth and I bought the body and have the ^ receipts. It's not a store skeleton. It iB John's upper and my lower and so we fixed up tho bones ourselves." " I wish to see no receipts. You don't ap« pear to understand me. "When I was alive' that skeleton was the frame work of my body." \ v " When you were alive ?" "Certainly." 7 " What are yon now t You don't mean to pretend that you palm yourself off as a ghost on us. . . '1 ^, y°Q ^ave any.doubts about the matter, jU3t throw that ruler at me." Smilie at once took the stranger at his word and the ruler met no opposition, but apparent, ly passed through the spectre, and fell clatter ing to the floor. At that instant the jaw of the skeleton fell with its sudden click, and in the silence that ensued it seemed to regard the spirit with a sort of gleam of reoognitioni Wentworth walked across the room and picked up the ruler. Coming back he snapped the jaws shut and sat down. singular, to say the least, John," said Smilie, helplessly. do^ this moment there was a, knock at the " Come," shouted Smilie. In the gloom they recognised Tom Fulmcr one of thp students. , . " Excuse me," said Tom, seeing a stranger . present and preparing to withdraw. . "No. no, come in, Tom; you're just thfl' man we want to see." Tom took the chair offered to him. " I don't just know how to introduce you," (To He Continued.) 455. 