THE WAY IT WAS DONE DT 1793- .The ffoIUsiig Is a liberal -copy of a cartons pixytiill said to ba^e been issued in the year 1793 by tbe manager of the Theatre Itoy^l, Kilkenny:— " KLLKESS^J^THEATAE RJOTAL, ET HIS ' *MAJHSIT'S CTUFPAXT OF CojtEDIAi*a. •« On Saturday, May 14th, 1793, * s wQl be performed by command of several respectable persons in the most learned metropolis for -the benefit of the worthy Mr. Kearas, the Tragedy of Hamlet, originally written and composed by the celebrated Dan of, Limerick, and inserted in Shuuspear^s works. Hamlet by Mr. Keuns, vbo, between the acts, will perform several solos on the patent bag-pipes which ndavtiuee tones at thesaote time (!) Ophelia by Mrs. Prior, who will introduce several furonrito airs in character, particularly "The loss of Richmond Hill," " We'll all be unhappy together,', from the Rev. Father .Dibdirfa "Oddities." . The' parts of the King and Qoeen, by the -direction of the Bev. Father O'Callaghaa, will be omitted, as bong too immoral for any stage. The Ghost,' the Gi&vedigger;, and Laertes will be flwed by Mr. Simpson. Characters dressed in Roman'Sbapes. To which will be added <ui interlude, in which will be introduced, several sleight-of-hand tricks by the celebrated Hunt. TLe whole to conclude with the farceof Mahomft tkc Impostor. Mahomet ty Mr. Keajma. Tickets to be had at the ajguofthe Goatis Beard, in Castle Street. The value of the tickets as usual, will be taVrn in nsadles, bacon, butter, pork, cheese, soap, potatoes, Ac., as Mr Kearns wishes in «veiy particular to accommodate tbe public. Important.—No person shall be admitted into tbe BOXES without shoes and stockings." IT Is semi-officially stated Chat the letter addressed by the Pope to. the Mikado in September last has greatly encouraged the wing tendency in Japan to grant full irty to tie Christian religion, and to give at official recognition on the same footing as other religions creeds. A TICKLING SENSATION in tbe Throat, Bronchitis, A ^ma. Winter Cough, Sore 33iraate Shortness of breath, and all pulmonary diseases ^re-instanlty relieved and prematurely cured byROWLETS COUGH EMULSION. AUCTIONEERS, LAWYERS, CLERGY- MEN, SCHOOLMASTERS, PUBLIC SPEAKERS and SINGERS will find great benefit from one dose of the Emulsion, which will dear .tbe throat and.streugthen tbe chest and lungs. All t&oee; who Buffer from Coughs, Colds,' ^Influenza, etc., should try it. Be cantioninkgainst being put-off intb -any othe,' remedy. -It may be procured from S. Dabb- Maldon, and every respectable medicine ven dor. £ole proprietor—W. W. Rowley, 10 Soudie-slreet flast. Melbourne. Berkeley, Sept, 1869. ^Gentlemen, I feel it a duty I owe to yon to express my gratitude 'for the benefit I have derived by taking Norton's Camomile Pills. I applied to voir agent, Mr. Berkeley, for theabove-named Pills fre wind-in the stomach, from whidi I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, bat without deriving any benefit from alL After taking two bottles of your valuable Pills I w^a quite restored to my usual health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may tliue be afflicted.—I am, sir, yours truly, HENBV ALPAHS—Tothe proprietors of Norton's Camo. mflePflls TBBOAI ARFBCNOKS AKD HOABSKNHSS.—All suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surprised by the immediate relief afforded by the use of "Brown's" Bronchial Troches. These famous "lozenges" are now sold by all respectable Chemists in the country at Is. l$d. per small box. People troubled with a " hacking cough," \- *««!•<•*» » or bronchial affections cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, .result in serious Pulmonary and cthranaticaffectioos. See that the wtab Brown's Bronchial Troches" an on the Govwament fitamp around «acb bos. Prepared by John Z. Brnwn and Sons, Bostons tTJS. European r«p0t removed to SS Fanonci^, ItondoiL. 