The Storyteller. Tlic Mystery ol Abbot Hall. PEoi'LHsay that AbbotHall is linn nteil. Years ago, beneath tho roof, old Mont gotuery Abbot munlered his fair young wife, and afterward 'twas Baid ber spirit never rested. It is a fearful story that clings to the proud old mansion and gives it so ill a name 'Tin said tbe wife was beautiful, ami that oue black night her lord, when Hushed with wine and mad with jealousy swore an oath that no one's eyes but. his should ever look upon her face ; so after wards she was a prisoner in Abbot Hall. No one dared to visit her, aud she was restrained from ever doing beyond the uiassave portals of her prison- house. She was supplied with every luxury which wealth aud cunning could devise ; but. she wearied of her surroundings, aud they were hateful in her sight. She was dead to her friends, and in a little while she half forgot their faces, it seemed so long since she had seen them. She had no occupation but to mark tbe departure and return of her jailer. Is it any wonder that she drooped like a blighted lily iu tbe close aud cheerless atmosphere of Abbot Hall. Now, a kinsman of hers— a cousin who had played with her in childhood — tried to see her, aud was forbidden entrance to the house ; but as he was going away she saw him through a trellised wiudow of the library, and she longed to speak with him. All tbe color which had long left her face rushed back again, and iu her eager ness she tapped thrice upon the wiudow aud thrice again, until he saw her, then she hastened to the door to give him welcome. But when she opened it, still with that look of bappv expectation iu her face, her husband stood upon the threshold, with his drawn poniard iu his hand. He buried it in her bosom full to the hilt, and she fell dead at his feet. 'Tis said her shrieks rank iu his ears for ever after the dealh-crv of the fair youug bride of Abbot Hall.' I Aud when Montgomery Abbot sat alone iu his sombre library, 'tis said her spirit used to visit liim. He could hear the tap ! tap ! tap ! of her little bund, sometimes upon the table at which he sat, sometimes upou (he casement on which he leaned. Then he could hear her rustle through the great wainscoted hall to the heavy portal of the bouse. Aud 'hen great Heavens ! how he writhed and covered his ears to ^but out the sound I — be could hear her awful shriek as she fell dead by his own hand ! So the story is still told by the gossips of Abbotsville, who say that the giio-tly tap ! tap ! tap ! has never ceased in that beautiful, ill-fated building. Even wheu the nineteenth century was far in the decline of old age, wheu superstitiou had long ceased to be a com mon evil, the new owners could tind 110 human tenants for tbe haunted mansion. A family of two swallows had taken up their abode iu the cliimueys. But the great rooms, with th-ir faded tapestries, the gaunt walls and quaint furuiiure were uninhabited, when Mr. Berry Spofford aud his wife visited Abbotsville ou a house-huuting expedition. They stopped at the hotel for a time, where they nightly reviewed their experience, aud discussed their prospects. Mr. Spofford was a linen manufacturer, aud as his mill was located in Abbots ville, he deemed it advisable to live near them for at least oue half of the year. But when he had decided that this was expedient, he found it no easy matter to procure a house to suit his family's re quirements. There were only two houses to let in Abbotsville. Ooe was a little cottage, too small for their needs, and the other was the fauious hauuted house. The latter was always '? To Let,' if the time-worn sign-board on its gate was to be relied upon, for no one in Abbotsville could be induced to face the spectre which was said to glide about the sombre dwell ing. Mr. Spofford, bad nearly decided that he would have to abandon bis plan of living near bis mills, when his wife sur prised him by proposing that '.hey should occupy Abbot Hall. 'The house is alrea iy furnished.'' she said, 'aud if we rent it we will be saved the trouble and expense of moving our furniture. You and I are not afraid of ghosts, and can profit by other neople's superstition. We can rent tbe house at a very low rate, and what we save by so doing we can devote to the education of our children We ought to think of that even while they are still in tbe nursery.' Mr. Spofford gave a little, dry laugh, which was trying to his wife's temper. ' You are very brave here in this matter-of- fact inn,' he said, ' where no ghost would be allowed unless it paid its board and tipped the waiter besides. But your courage would wane iu Abbot Hall. Your ' bouuie brown hair 'would turu white in a night if you heard, or landed you heard, the rat-tat-tat of the ghostly Hand.' '?You treat me as if I was bereft of common-sense,'' his wife returned, with Jine scorn. ' Yet you know I am not to T-e frightened by the shadows of antique furniture, or the gnawing of a rat iu the wall. Why, Barry, if I even saw some thing that resembled a ghost, I'd know it was caused by some deceptive fault of my visiou, by some unexplained but natural cause, or more probably by some wicked trick of your own. And I wouldn't be any more afraid to get out of bed at midnight aud shake the ghost than I would be afraid of shaking you !'' Her husband laughed uproariously. ' I see you are uuwilliug to consider my proposition, even though it is made in the interest of your children,' she said, somewhat piqued by his scepticism. ' I half suspect that you have a little fear of the uncanny yourself. Now there would be more excuse for superstition in me than in you. I was born iu Glec garry, Scotland, and you iu matterof fact New York. My educatian was entirely different from yours. Before I was out of my cradle the old dames of Glengarry told me of 1 gbaists ' anil 'bogies,' and of witches and 'eerie' spirits, until my head was filled with terror. Yet I have outlived those early impressions, and am without a single superstition. I am really anxious to move into Abbott Hall, if only to prove that I am not such a weak woman as you 1 consider me.' 'My wife is not a weak woman,' he said, kindly, 'and would make any sacrifice for her husband aud little ones. What you say about saving money for the expense of their education is very true. But think what effect that house might have upou them. There are plenty of mischievous persons to tell them the traditions of the Hall. We don't want our children educated in witchcraft and folk-lore, while we are denying ourselves to give them belter Instruction. After discussing the subject many times, they decided to make the experi ment. They sent for the children— a boy of eight and a girl of six years, and told them something of the gossip of the place. They preferred to forestall the old dames of Abbotsville. They explained that the dead were with God. and at rest ; that they were all in a ' mansion not made with hands,' in a country from which is no returning. It was a bright Spring morning wheu tbey moved into Abbot Hall, and the .orange blossoms were iu their full glory. Tim old house bad been aired and re novated. A few modern conveniences had beeu added, which must have been very interesting to the ghost, who had never before seen gaslight or self-actiug wiudow shades. For a time these and various other in ventions seemed to astonish the Spectre into silence, for the tap 1 tap ! tap ! of the ghostly Hand never souuded. Mrs. Spofford had imported two ser vants from Gleugarry, who took up their residence iu tbe Hall. They were as su perstitious as theirclass, but were greatly attached to their master and mistress, and would not be frightened into leaviug them and the ' wee bairns.' Oue evening a party of Abbotsville in liabilants called to '.see (lie Spollonls. The visitors came ni wiw, as if they found courage in numbers. Tbey were received iu tbe library — the fatal room from whose wiudow tiie murdered bride had seen her kinsman. There was nothing specially spectre like about this room and its belongings. It was furnished plainly iu heavy rose wood aud brass furniture, bad curiously constructed dormer windows, and a highly polished door. The Spntlords used this room constantly, as they were iusatinble readers, aud loved the very at mosphere ot books. If they had been consulted iu tbe mat ter, the guests might have chosen ano ther room for their reception. Since tbey were not consulted, however, they made the best of the situation, and asked if anything had been heard from the ghost. Mrs. Spofford assured them that the Hall was a charming place to live in, aud that the tap, tap, tap, of the hand baa never souuded. Everybody pretended to disbelieve auy superstitious legends, and everybody laughed at the silly stories told of Abbot Hall. But everybody declared that no thing would induce him or her to live iu a bouse reputed to be hauuted ! While they discussed tbe subject, they were startled by the sound of knocking iu the room. They stopped aud breath lessly listened. It souuded thrice, like the tap, tap. tap, of the hand. There was excitcmeut aud confusion ? auioug tiie guests at once. First the ladies delivered a succession of little screams. Every bod v cried ' Hark V Everybody asked, '? Did you bear that'.'' One young ladv cried, and another giggled hysterically. One or two gallant swains seized their hats, with the ob vious intention of departing for more congenial quarters, but seeing Ibe ab surdity of their behaviour, thought better of it, :iud laughed at the hysterical young ladies. Mrs. Spfllord glanced at her husband with a sudden suspicion that lie was tbe author of this scene, but she saw at once that she had done him an injustice. He was giving his attention to the children, his face showing some solicitude for their alarm. 'It must have been the wind,'' Mrs. Spofford said, reassuringly. ' Certaiuly it was nothing v.-or-e.' ' But there is no wind to- night,' oue young lady shivered. 'It was .oiue thing worse than the wiud made that nowe.' ' It wasn't a friqhtfiil. noise,' her hostess insisted, seeing meanwhile that her husband was suffering from a desire to laugh. ' Why. a woodpecker on a hol low tree could make one almost as loud.' ' But there is uo woodpecker and no hollow tree in this room,' the youDg lady returned, almost sharply. 'The noise was iu this dreadful house and in this very room. I should die of fear if I atnv ?' here. You must excuse me, Mrs. Spoil. n if I take my departure rather abruptly. Mr. Smythe must take me homeatouce.' Mr. Smythe was extremely eager to do so Aud Miss Andrews said that since Miss Trepid was going home she thought she had hetter be going also. Then Mr. Harkuess. with commendable celerity, said he would escort her. Then the other members of the little party said they might as well go together. They had come in a body, and would uot disband until forced to do so at their own doors. They were all 011 their feet, getting into their wraps, when that decisive rattat tat sounded again ! Ir sounded so near that its effect was electrical. It was uot a muffled, uncer tain knocking such as is heard at clair voyant huhices. It was more clearly de fined every syllable of its weird com munication sounding through the room as distinctly as a death-knell. It sounded like the sharp, light rapping of the mur dered bride of Abbot Hall. What could it be? No one spoke, but the guests hurried on their wraps and prepared to leave as hastily as possible. Miss Trepid left without remembering to say good-night, and Mr. Smythe followed her. Everyone was embarrassed into silence. Everyone thought of the Hand and longed to be out of thiB ghostly library and the haunted house. ' I do not know what causes the noise,' Mr. Spofford said, smiling at the agility with which his guests were departing ; ' but I will find out to- night and will tell you in the morning.' After the children bad forgotten their excitement aud were asleep in their, beds Mr. and Mrs. Spofford had determined to examine these stairs and the cellar ceiling under the haunted spot. He car ried a lantern for this purpose, and his wiTe, out of curiosity, accompanied him. She soon regretted having done so. The air seemed damp aud heavy, and except ing where tbe lantern threw its wayward light, the darkness iu the cellar was in tense. Tbe place was like a vault— so cold and ghoulish. As they groped their way past mouldy boxes and broken furniture, tbe cobwebs hung so low that they touched their faces. The place was dismal — desolate. Here, in the gaunt blackness, loomed a figure like a scouling ghoul. Was it old Montgomery Abbot's ghost? Had he been condemned to pass liis days and nights in this unwholesome place? Did he haunt the cellar as his lady seemed to haunt tbe library? Did he never cease to hear the knocking of the hand— knocking against his conscience — until he shrieked in agony? This clammy place was fit for spectres, for lizards, for earwigs, for anything, but human life ! Now Mrs. Spofford had been proud of her lack of superstitiou. She had flat tered herself that no supernatural appear ance could deceive «r frighten her. She had beeu glad to show her courage to her husband, to prove to him that she was uot to be intimidated either by Glen garry tales or legends of Abbotsville. Nevertheless, she was extremely ner vous as she followed him through that uncanny cellar. In her secret conscious ness she knew that she longed to get uway from the ugly phantoms and uglier fancies which seemed to pursue her. But she could not turn back now. Barry would have tormented her to death if she bad shown the white feather. She tried to rally herself. She told he.velf that she was 28 years old and tbe mother of two children. Tbe idea of a dignified matron being afraid of the darkness or of ghosts was absurd. Still, she could not convince herself sufficiently to calm the nervous beating of ber heart. All this while her husband had bis lantern resting on tbe old staircase, and was critically examining every board in its construction. He waB still vainly searching for some loose or broken tim ber to account for tbe mysterious rapping, when bis occupation was suddenly in terrupted. Something rushed past his wife's head with frightful swiftness — something noiseless, but so terribly true in its aim that it struck the lantern and dashed it to the grouud. It broke into a million fragments, aud left the cellar in impene trable darkuess. Mrs. Spofford lost all self-control. She shrieked with terror. She made 110 effort to leave the place ; she was helpless aud bereft of her senses, when ber husband half dragged and half curried her up the stairs into tbe light of their living rooms. 'Why, Mailie, Mailie !' he cried, ' have you lost your reasou ? It was only a bat. It was attracted by the light, and came-in through the opei) window. It dashed against the lautern aud brukc it.' She was recovering her composure. ' If this house is depressing you we will leave it,' lie continued. ' Wc had better be laughed at thau stay where your uervous system is likely to be impaired.' But she was herself agaiu. ' I have beeu very foolish,' she said, ' but I will uot move on that aceouut. I always win afraid of bats, Barry, but I will overcome my fear at once !' He laughed immoderately at her dis sembling. ' So you are goiug to try to persuade me that it was the bat that scared you,' he said. ' I thought you had seen old Montgomery s ghost !' Aud then he begau to sing a parody of a well-known minstrel melody, with a refrain of ' Where was Mailie, when tbe light weut out?' w St- ?fc I The reputation of the haunted Hall began to spread. People in the city heard of the surprise which had been experienced by the Spofford surprise party, and many, out of curiosity, came to visit the hauuted house. On several occasions the ghost very accommodatingly knocked, as if to ex hibit a sample of its performance. Many came to the Hall to rally its occupants, but went away silenced and impressed by the ghostly demonstration. The knocking iu the library seemed unaccountable. Mr. Spofford had the flooring taken up aud the broken stairs removed, and for a Joug time afterward the rapping ceased. It was resumed oue evening wheu a physician was calling at the Hall. He ridiculed the idea of supernatural visita tions, aud had iutimated that the ghost was oue ot Mr. Spofford's practical jokes. And while Barry denied the charge the Hand knocked thrice, aud thrice again ! Wheu they had giveu up searching for the cause, Mr. Spofford declared his in tention oi'sooii leaviug the house. ' 1 have stayed longer thau I should have done,' he said, 'because 1 dislike being beaten by so small a mystery. Neither my wife nor I have any super stitiou, but we find the noise auuoying.' The doctor said nothing, but looked thoughtful. Before he left tbe house he went into Mr. Spofford's study, where the two gentlemen engaged in earnest conversation. Tbe doctor believed be had found tbe clue to the mystery. When his guest was gone, Mr. Spofford sent for his little girl, and sat along time with the child iu his arms. ' Annette,' he said, at length, ' we are going to leave this house before the chrysanthemums are in blossom. Will they uot be sorry when 'they open their eyes next week and do not find you here ?' Tbe child's eyes filled with tears. 'You know the ugly noises iu the house, Annette. They trouble us so tbat I am goiug to take you all away. Are you glad, my durliug?' ' No, papa.' She had hidden ber face in bis breast. ' But would you not like to go where there are no unpleasant noises? Are you never afraid, Auuette?' ' No, papa, I am not afraid.' He toyed with ber hair, and kissed ber soft, ripe mouth. ' Tell me why you are never afraid,' he said. ' Tell me what makes the ugly noise.' The hot blood rushed into the naughty culprit's face. She covered it with ber dimpled hands, but the tell-tale lips quivered. ' You must tell me at once, Annette,' he said, firmly. She was yielding, but she evinced a little prudent forethought. 'You won't whip me if I tell you— will you papa?' ' No.' Then she broke down completely. She cast herself on the floor at liis feet, she wept convulsively, aud in a frenzy of grief and penitence made her astonishing confession. ' There ain't any ghost, papa. I made the horrid noise with my foot It was as the doctor had surmised. He had noticed that the child bad shown no fear when the knocking sounded. This seemed to bim unnatural iu an excitable and impressionable child. He bad aiso noticed that she evinced uneasiness when her father declared bis intention of moving. There must be some secret reasou or she would have nearly died with fear. So the doctor had suggested to her father, who acted upon tbe suggestion at once. By dint of patient questioning Mr. Spofford succeeded in drawing the whole story from her, and I present it in ber own lauguage : 'At first I didn't mean to do it,' she said. 'That night when all the ladies and gentlemen were here, I patted the floor of the library, and I didn't know tbat I had done it. Then they all said, ' Oh, listen to that !' aud ' Oh, there's the Hand now liut I kept still because I wasn't sure that I had doue it. So after a little while I wanted to find out if it wan me, and I patted again. Then all the people ran away.' ' But why did you not explain to your mamma or me?' her father asked. ' I knew you wasn't afraid, papa.' 'Theu why did you let me have the floor torn up and the etairs pulled down? Think how much of my time and money have been wasted.' She weut off into another paroxysm of grief. ' I didn't know you were going to have the carpenters here until they were nearly done,' she sobbed ; ' and then it was too late, and I was afraid to tell.' ' But why did you continue to deceive people, Annette? Why did you knock almost every time that we had visitors? Why ? ' She interrupted him by such a violent storm of grief that he became alarmed. ' When they came,' she said, with feverish excitement, 'you told them about the knocking, and tbey laughed and said you was not telling the truth. They wouldn't believe you papa, then ' vjouldn'l hel-icve you 1 So I knocked again and knocked again, until tbey knew that my papa wasn't any story teller.' When she had been lectured and for given, he put her into bed and went to find bis wife. ' I have found tbe Ghost of Abbot Hall,' he said. ' Come and I will show her to you.' The child was asleep in her crib, her lashes still wet with penitent tears. As her mother bent over ber and kissed her, she stirred uneasily in her sleep, and spoke while dreaming. 'There is no ghostly band, papa. It's nothing but a foot.' 