Original Correspondence. [ JFe do not hold ourteltet retpoiuiile for the opiniont expreeted Ig our correipondenit,] QUEENSLAND RAILWAYS. (To the Ediior of the Examiner and Timet.) Sib, — Long era this uppoara in roar columns, the curbed bolt of Jove will bars flatbed llie intelligence of a Wartrick-St. George lino in estt, with a Via Bcota in pout, which means scoured beneHt to our colony generally, end southern portion particularly. Yot in this evenly balanced world of oura, every victoryjpUat be accompanied with a de feat, and iOkAWkineeht instance, let ui with oommond&blo; forlltuie, proceed to count the cost of this, our immediate and local triumph. To go no farther than Bydnev. the terminus there lias, since September, 1865, never been altered from its position, fixed then on the outskirts of the city proper, although some be over two miles distant from the lowering warehouses and quays, of Campbell's wliarf, &e;„ and although for 81 years the trade be tween such points lies be n greatly increasing, and in bulk far exceeds that of our metropolis. Why, Sir, it this ? Atk 3:er civic authorities, retired and existent, and, in reply, they will point to the well-filled money bugs of their council vaults, labelled—licenses, fees, fines, and rates, derived from the noisy, active, and interweaving traffic mediums, all of which could at any time have been abolished by a quiet, swift railway to the water'> tdge. Brisbane, not equally alivo to this existing advantage, (as ehown]and admisBable) of having a means of exhaustive conveyance attached to her civic ventricle must, it appears, pierce the heart itself with the same, at a coal upon some 3 miles of railroad that would suffice to put 100 miles of lino at the end of any of the mora level feelers already tapping her interior, aad ulthough a majority of one wns obtained, it would bo interesting to know for a certainty that or those voles which seourod that over whelming majority, more were of the " You pass my line, or we wont pass yours de scription." Nover mind, Sir, "Fortitude" and tenacity have gained what wo require, and while in this " Valley" of tears end uncertainties, it is not always wise to be too inquisitive, nor ob ject to the dinner-pill with the whitebait. One may remember Ifamlet's reply to Horatio, when he asked him about the ghost. " D'ye lltinit I'm blindP" Toura very truly, Oclobor SO, 1886. 8, M. 