CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Tuesday. The neir approach of the annual Bracelet meeting: of the V.A.T.G mates the doings of the horeee trsin iog at Caolfidd interesting. The firet to pot in an ap pearanoe this morning was P. Kelly, who sent Anarchy with Ben Bolt for a six-furlong spin. Several of his string were doing some good work, notably Preston, Warfield, Cbuckster, Lando, Oculist, ana others. Kelly is about rumoring to his newly-erected stables. In a few days Mr. Horsn will arrive at Gaul field with his team off horses from Warraamboot, and will be located at Kelly's old stables, lir. Connolly ap peared oo the ground with half a were konea, Lady" Asbton striding along for good work over three miles, the big mare looking bright and welL Bonnie Lad and others of the team were exercising. The steeple chase horse Peter was schooling ever the timber jumps. Beuoe had several of his team doing exercise —Footman accompanied Rich worth for a striding gallop over five furionga. Dsn. Bohineon sent Re seda, a son of King of the Ring and Fleur-de-Lis, a smart canter twice round the turf, followed by Gipty Queen, by Calami* from Litt'e Nell, who strod e along in nice form. The veteran, who carries his age wonderful y weQ, was superintending bis boises. Berkeley was moving along at half-pace for a circle of the tori. Violet and Louis IL, in company, after doing a canter, brushed along over three or four fur longs tor a fast gallop, and the former went the best. Mistral, who is growing, was working, and Bohemian, looking big and writ, did work. Master John and Lcporello strode along smartly, as also did St. Paul, who is growing into a useful-looking oolt, the latter wassentin company with Beckwith,aeon of The Diver. ■ lit- Duflett had Hot Iron, Crane, Millstream, Kitty Fisher, Gadfly, Grace Darling, and The Ghost all dote? exercise, the Chulfield Cop victress looting in pood health, lir. ■«. Grimwood was cantering a useful-looking two-year-old colt by Argus Scandal j from Eudocia, and be also has a Glorious Julia grid ing, and Harmony, by The Drummer—Maritana. 1L O'Brien was treating the colt by Gemma di Vergy —Helena to gentle exercise, and a very useful-look- < ing one be is. Batty had Pocahontas cantering, and she finished h me at three-parts pace over fire fur longs. He also had Brown Girl and Townley school ing over the hurdles, and Ingiesides was doing work. King had Stonebroke working mildly, followed by Onion Jack, who strode along on the sand for good work. Doogmlstoo was treated to some capital exer cise on the turf twice ronod. Mabel Gray was brushing along over half a mile, and Driamia can tered. Mr. Davia worked Camerine with the colts Dsystar and Oomus, the old mare leading them along at a briekish pace over six furlongs. First Pop, who went gaily, lea Honey Bee a round of the vround for serviceable exercise, and The Buck, by Tim Whiffler, was exercising on the sand. Mr. Harper was doing some useful work with The Forsaken and Phoebe Walton. There were several other horses on the tracks working during the morning. About noon Tichborne with Delamia ran a useful pipe-opener over six furlongs. 