TOWN TALK. The Government were quite right in re fusing Mr. Garvan full honours of war on his hostile motion. There is a desperately serious air about the hen. gentleman, es pecially on financial matters, which cer tainly seems to mean business, and may WelU, perhaps, inspire terror in those not used toit. But then Mr. Burns is used to it, knows quite well that the "Treasurer of the future," as the member for &don;'s friends are fond of calling him, is not hal: so fierce as he looks, and that in the pre sent case at any rate,he is nottherea' enemy. Of course, his motion, if carried, involves the defeat of the Government, but so does Mr. Copeland's, the only difference between the two being that the one is straight and definite, and the other, if not in the popular sense "crooked," at least vague and indefinite, as the honour able mover's own position in the present politieal "rough-and-tumble." And very much of such a mixed sort of melee does the parliamentary batch threaten to be come-at any rate on one side-a surging crowd of combatants, each fighting for his own hand. The only really conspicuous figure in the fray, the venerable man who, professedly yearning to support his old friend land colleague at the head of the Government, is unhappily prevented trom doing so by a still stronger desire to knock him on the head. There can be no doubt that Sir Henry 'Parkes, if not already the particular political Providence riding upon the storm in the present case, as often before, has every intention, if pcccible, of becoming eso, and these motions, or certainly one of them, is sut as the "puffs preliminary" t, his following whirlwind. That one 3Mr. Copeland's) will soon blow itself out, can hardly be doubted, and in view of the terrific damage to the country thlrough iuch a devastating tornado as another Parkes' Governmentlthere is surely enough patriotism in the lHouse to enable us to hope as much for the other. Evelyone will have been glad to hear that Sir Henry l'Parkes keeps a diary. Some day that diary wrill be a very inte·r estingpublication. It would be a very in tateating one now, quite equal, we should say, to most works of fiction of the period, or even tales of a traveller. Cautious people have held it dangerous to keep a diary, lest it should fall into strange hands, or hands not at all strange, but just the other thing, and so let out all the foolish things you hIad been thinking or doing. But thereis nofoolishness,we fancy, of that kind about Sir Henry Parkes's diary. This private confidence in thle ear of posterity will tell nothing, we may be asre, but lwhat the wily whlisperer would wish to hIave it supposed Ihe did or thought on any given occasion, tlhough it is true there may be a danger here too, for the occasion, of course, may change and with it the wish. In this view it may almost seem as difficult to keep a good diary as it is said to be a good liar, tlhoughl we do not despair of thle hen. gentleman even in that case. From the glimpse he has gives us of hIis diary in reference to his late deal ings withl Sir Johln Robertson, it is clearly not written up to date, or is it that the hen. gentlemankeeps severl diaries,andthatthlsa nccosnt given previously of the same transaction was taken from one diary, and the present version from another. After all, the difficulty with most diaries is to know how much of them is really true. It is somethling, at least, to know that, according to sample, with Sir Henry Parkes' diary there will be no such dill cnlty at all. LordlCarrington is now honorary Colonel of the Sydney Lancers, whilch may be held to ensure the existence of that gallant corps for some time to come. Hitherto, Sydney has always been somewhat unfortunate in this respect with her equestrian defenders. Infantry she has never lacked, from the famous New South Wales Regiment that marched on Government House and deposed his Excellency of the period in favour of its own Colonel, to the dozens of "awkward squads'," thlat just now in every direction are vexing the souls and exhausting the vocabularies of adjutants and drill-ser fgeants. But in the matter of cavalry, whenever;it has occurred to the martial enthusiasm of her citizens to "boot and saddle," and witch her little world, if not exactly with noble horsemanship, at least with fiery steeds and splendid unifprms, it has never been for verylong, and always at mther wide intervals. Phantom horseman they might almost have seemed, like the galloping ghosts of Burger's ballad, so suddenly they have come, so suddenly have vanished at a sharp teot, as it were, without even sound of bugle, to the shades. It may fairly be hoped that with the Syd ney Lancers, commanded by Lord Car rington, an end has come to thisdragoon ing diablerie--that Sydney has at last a cavalry corps which will not suddenly vanish some fine morning, like the poet's "headless trooper," at cock-crow, or at least postpone galloping off into space till the appearance of the enemy. 