CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. IBy Teleeranh.1 Melbourne, October 8. Silvermine went twice round the grass for slow work today, while Bonnie Doon occupied the sand for nice striding work, Bohemian and New York were cantering, winding up with a brush from the home turn. Ben Bdlt went about one and a .half miles, Chuckster bringing him along six furlongs, where he eased off and allowed the former to finish alone. Ruby and Lord of the Manor worked on the grass. Epicurean and Mia Mia spurted two or three furlongs. Ocean was given slow pace exercise. Grace Darling was given good strong work over a mile, the old mare going strong and well all the way. Melbourne. October 11. Monday as usual being an off day there waB nothing much doing with the exception that some of the Cup hones moved along. Beckwitb, Kenneth, Master John and St. Paul were given steady exercise on the sand track. Geraldine and Townley were each separately treated to a turn over the schooling huidles, .and both executed their work well. Lord Allen, Agnes, Blondin, and Highland Chief were restricted to slow-pace exercise, the latter looking none the worse after hia defeat in the Maiden Plate. Ben Bolt was given a couple of rounds on the grass at a good swinging canter. Ellington and Toronto ran a strong round on the grass, the latter easing, and allowing his stable com panion to finish alone. This was the best round of the morning.- Umberto and Pocahontas covered four furlongs on the sand, the mare having slightly the best of the gallop. Havelock was striding along on the tan. New York and Bohemian were doing a medium to half pace exercise on the grass. Newminster was doing mild exercise, while his stable campanion (Gasburner) ran a smart round on the sand. Milletream (Gorry up) was trotting and cantering, and he seemed not to like being on the course. Grace Darling went a long slow pace exercise. Carnival, Julian Gray, and Uncas moved along quietly. Silver minej in company with Sirocco, went round on the grass at a good half-pace. Glentworfch, Lady Lovell, Gentility, Chicago, The Chanter, and Mansion were all doing useful exercise. Camerine, Dayetar, Meerschaum, and Dexter were put through their facings on the sand and grass. The various strings were well repre sented, but as usual on off mornings slow- pace work was the general order. Melbourne, October 12. Ben -Bolt started on a mile and a half journey, old Chuckster bringing him along the last seven furlongs. The son of Newbold moved free and well, but the time made was not extra good. Silvermine traversed a round on the course proper in a very taking style, The Chanter acting as schoolmaster for the firet part of the journey, and Sirocco at the hitter end, Bonnie Doon put in astrong circle on the grass alone. Millstream negotiated a long gallop, having The Crane and The Ghost to assist him. The- eon of The Diver, having Gorry in the saddle, with whip and spurs on, sweated rather freely at the finish. Gadfly seemed as if she could have ran over- Grace Darling in a milespin, but she had apparently a lot the best of the weights. Umberto trotted and cantered. New York and Bohemian were dispatched for a good useful gallop of a mfle and a half, the pair, with light weights up, finishing together, Nabochsh was treated to a round over the schooling fences, hitting one or two of them rather hard. 