BURIED ALIVE. [From the London Daily Telegraph."] On ordinary ooeaBions there would pro bably have been more than a dozen—a score, perhaps—of lodgers in the casual ward, but this was a special occasion. Half a centnry before there bad died in that parish a wealthy and ecbentric inhabitant who had willed that on the anniversary of his birthday all those who were at the time in the workhouse, with certain exceptions, should be regaled with plum pudding and roast beef. It was the morning of the festival, and besides the wardsman there were but three in the ward; two of'them miserable, poor wretches enough, tattered and hungryJoooking, and probably what they profeesed to be—men who, though ■willing, could get no kind of wort to do, and were utterly destitute and friendless. But the third man was of a different sort—a sturdy rascal of the lazy ruffian type, past middle age, with a short crop of iron-grey hair, bull-necked, broad-shouldered, and with a face tanned to the color of rust with wind end weather. It was wearing dinner time, a fact was unmistakably made known, not by any visible clook or timepiece, but by the organs of smell of each of the casual trio. If it was not accidental, it was the refinement of cruelty to plant the workhouse kitchen so very near the apartment where the poorest of the pauper class are sheltered. The paupers proper were, as usual, to dine off baked beef and plum pudding, and a rich fragrance arose from the hissing ovens and the bubbling coppers. The pair of half starved out o' workers sniffed it, and licked their pale lips, and remarked doubtfully that they wondered if it would be their luck to come in for anything more substantial than a emell. But the sturdy rascal before men tioned was able to set their mindB easy on that point. They were sure to get a good dinner, he said, because the workhouse authorities were compelled by law to give effect to the bequest of the founder of the feast. " Not that they give it willingly," remarked the able-bodied vagabond, with a sneer, * the guardians one and all are a set of close-fisted varmint and would do any poor tramp out of a meal of wittles if they could. But they can't help themselves in this ere affair, d ye see. A bact of Parliament, or summat says that they must have it, therefore they get it. If I'm wrong let the wardsman here put me right. What do you SBy, old cock?" To which the " old cock," who was not of the flaunting barnyard breed but a bird of grey plumage, which was the lively of the " house (it was to him that I was indebted for the very extraordinary story hereafter told) —replied cautiously that it was no business of lue, and that at all events whatever the casuals' dinner consisted of, it bping now close on 12 o'clock, they wouldn't be kept waiting much longer for it. " You see he doesn't deny it," said the experienced tramp to the other two, and he then pro ceeded to enlighten them as to what, accord ing to law, they were entitled to as their << whack" for the forthcoming meal. They would, he said, each have 7 oz. of meat with out bone, lib. of potatoes, and 12oz. of plum pudding, and in addition half a pint of beer, and p'rap's a pint, and even while he was thus unneoessarily whetting their already razor-keen appetites, the door was pushed open, and in came a man with three dinners __a ^0 03. loaf and 3 oz. of oheeBe for each 1 The bully " casual" was, for the moment, speechless with indignation, but recovering the use of his tongue, he demanded," D ye mean to say that this is all we shall get?" <' jfo," replied the porter, "There's summat more." And fetching from outside the door a pitcher of water, he set it down with a grin, and the jocose remark that lie hoped that it wouldn't get into their heads, and took his departure. "That's all that's for you this time," said the porter; " it's at the master's discretion whether the casuals join in the feed, and this year he leaves 'em out." My informant, the wardsman, declared to me that nothing should induce him to repeat the many frightful oaths the tramp gave utterance to; but he gave me an idea of the number by stating that, if he were paid a pound apiece for repeating them, he should be able to clear out of the workhouse and re tire in easy circumstances for as long as he was likely to live. The other two poor fellows were bitterly disappointed, and devoured the unpalatable rations in silent sadness ; but the bully tramp was swearing the whole time, and expressing savage regrets he had not qualified for a-short term in " quod," rather than have trusted to such a mangy lot as workhouse officials notoriously were, and who did not scruple, when they saw they could take advantage of a poor helpless beggar such as he was to set the law at defiance, and rob him of his rights. On this the wardsman re marked that there was perhaps some—he mentioned no names, nor had be any wish to offer caps for the wearing of people they did not fit—who often had set the law at defiance, and who nevertheless had not got their rights, their deservings at any rate. In spite of his discontent, the bully tramp was not long in champing up his bread and cheese — indeed, he was swallowing the last morsel of it while the wardsman was making the unkind remarks above ^ "If you are aiming at me, old chap, you can fire away as long as you like, lie ob served, with a savage grin. " You are right, and I'm proud to brag of it. I have set the busted law at defiance and not got my deeerv ini's, come now! I've set the thundering Jaw at defiance, and done robbery wliat a never been found out; there, then! I've I done wue than that. I've done that what would make your hair stand upright to hear ] tell of, though whether I've ever had my ' deservings for it, mums the word ; who is to prove it P Wow, you are a moral old bloke," continued the ruffian, suddenly turning on the aged wardsman, with his great hauds extended before him. Hie attitude was bo threatening that the former retreated to a corner, feebly making a show of defending him with the fire-shovel. "You are one of them what's so mighty good that you can chuck Ihe law at a man like me. Look at 'hi-m hands. What's the matter with 'em ?" The wardsman mastered spirit enough to retort that they wanted washing; that was all what was the matter with them, so far as he could see. " There's nothing more amiss with 'em than a ba'porth of soap will fetch off, eh ?" returned the other, recklessly. " You don't see no blood on 'em ?" " Lord forbid," replied the workhouse ward smaii. "You don't see any traces on 'em of their ever having helped to bury a man alive ? And yet it's as true as that I've been swindled out of my lawful dinner that they've had a finger —these 'ere hands of mine have, I mean—in a job -of this kind. What! it's a lie, is it ?" " I didn't say so." " No, but you looked it j you two think it's a lie, I've no doubt," he continued, turning to the two harmless " out o' works." " All right. Let it pass as a lie. I don't care, I tell you what, though," he suddenly resumed, " I'll tell you all about it, lies, or truth. We've had a rattling good dinner; now we'll have a tale arterwards, like what they tell in the story books. " I was a-coming across a wood, 'twist Croydon and Kingston," he continued, launching into his narrative without further preliminary, " and I found a dead man on the ground—leastways he looked like dead. He was lying with his face among the dead leaves, and there wns a crack on his head that let out a lot of Iub blood, all round about "where his head being stained with it. It was middle of winter time, and I was hard up. I never remember to have been harder up. So I says to myself, ' What'll I do in this 'ere case F Shell . I leave it just as it's lyin', and go and ell the police ? No,' I answers to myself, ' I wont, cos that would be acting like a fool. You don't look much like a gentleman wots been taking a walk in the woods for the good of your elih, and they might suspect you of having a hand in it. P'raps it would pay better to see what's in the pockets, and let somebody else find the body what wants it' So I turned him over and see at a look that it wasn t worth while after all. It was getting a bit dusk, but when he was turned over I fi'und that the body was that of a shabby chap with a greasy old weskit on, which was all tore open as though he'd been having a struggle, and a dirty shirt that looked as though somebody had grabbed out a handful of it at the bosom part. There was one thing though. Laying under him was a gentleman's walking-stick—a thick one, with a silver top to it—and it was broke nearly in two, only hanging together by the 'splinters, andjjit was plain to Bee that was the weapon what the blow had been struck with. That there stick turned the balance in my mind. 'That'll Bhow that I didn't do it,' I pes to myself, ' and ►ixce, as is plain with arf a eye, that his pockets ain't worth overhauling, I think I'll go for the police after all." But it wasn't a dead. body. While I had mv hand in his weskit-pocket, thinking that p'raps be might have a chaw of'bacca there, what would serve to collect my thoughts on my way to the police- stction, he opens his eyes and makes a grip on my neckhankysher, and holds on to it, cussing me in his weak voice all the time. " But, soon as I spoke, be found I wasn't the one he took me for, and begged roe to get him a drink of water, which I did in my cap from a ditch what was close by, and that revived him. I haint a going to tell you who he was, or what his name was. If what Fm telling you is all a lie, it won't make no difference whether I mention names or not, and if I'm telling the truth its best for me the names are left out. I'll call him Seller, him, that's a good name for him, for he sold me. So Sellei', feeling I was friendly, told me all about it. What the row between him and the other chap had been about, I mean. You needn't be told the history of it. It was sumtnat about Seller's daughter, who had gone astray, and Seller thought that the other, who was a man of money, and lived in a swellish house, had something to do with it, and like the mean hound he afterwards showed himself towards me, he had been putting the screw on the gent—it don't matter what I call him— Gudgeon will do, for I'm blest if he wouldn't swallow anything. So he tells me the story, swearing and cursing between bits of it, and wanting to be revenged on what's-his-name— Gudgeon, for the crack on the head he had given him. ' He meant to murder me,' says he,' and, 'pon my aonl, for all the good my miserable life is to me, and on the chance of his being hung for it, I half wish he had.' Then all on a sudden like, as if it was only a joke, the scheme popped into my head." " * I wonder now, I said, what the chap— Mr. Gudgeon, I mean, would have done if he had finished you ? Or whether he has the idea that he has done it, and if so, what he's thinking about, and if he's funking much ?' | Matey,' I says to him—to Seller I mean— I can see a way to a better kind of revenge than waiting on him unawares and giving him a harder topper from behind than he gave you—a revenge what'll put money in your pocket and give him a life of torment at the same time. He might have killed you. Very good. Let it stand as done.' ' You're talking like a fool,' Seller says, 'how can any such thing siand as done ?' ' By you're shamming dead,' I says. ' Lav where you are now laying, 'cept that TU pile* a lot of leaves over you to keep some of the cold away, and you tell me where he lives and I'll go to him and acquaint him as how I found the mur dered body'—and then it struck roe that (here d be a difficulty in my showing in a etraightfor'ard way how I came to know where to find him—to find this Mr. Gudgeon, I mean. But that was got over easy enough. Seller, who bit at tbe plan, aBbed me to feel one of his pockets—he was too weak yet awhile to do auything for himself— and find a letter that was there. 'That's what he wrote to me, making the appointment to meet me here,' he says, 'and hisaddressison it. lou needn't say you got the letter out of my pocket,* says Seller, « it might have fell out in the struggle, and you found it on the ground. 'Ihe way was paved then, so far. Jjtut that was only part of my plan. ' Being dead, I snys to Seller, * you'll have to be buried. Do you think you could stand lavin» in a hole for just a few minutes, with a couple of feet of earth put light atop of you ?' He didn't like that when it was Orst mentioned but he agroed when I pointed out to him how nice and complete it would make the whole swindle, and so off I goes with the letter, and the broken walking-stick as well. s " I found ihe house easy enough, and onur.-e the slavey what opened the door was good for shutting it again before I could open my mouth, but I put my foot atween, and tola her all that I wanted was for her to go ask the gentleman if he'd like to have back t'.e waJkingstick he'd lost. She shut the door and put the ehaiu up while she took the message, but the door was soon opened tigain by Mr. Gudgeon himself, -white as the ar s'one -Ipp he was standing on. ' What about my stick,' he says in a shaky voice • where did you find it? ' < Same place as where 1 found the body of the man,' I 6avs. I know nothing about any man,' he says playing the only card he held, 'and if I've lost a stick it has been stole out of the 'all he says. ' If so,5 I says,' the same man what stole the stick out of the 'all must have stole this ere letter at the same time and posted it to the chap -who it's addressed to. It was laying open on the ground,' I sayB,' beside the dead body, so I took the liberty of reading it, and that s how I came to know where you Jived.' ' Good Lord!' he says, ' did you say dead body ?" And then he says, 1 Stop half a minute. Walk to the end of the lane, and X 11 put my hat and coat on and come to you, and pray, pray don't breathe a word of what you know to any body.' < I should have gone to the police straight,' I says, c if I had been one of the splitting sort.' So he comes after me up the lane—it was quite dark by that time, and he began telling me all about it— what a wicked sponging wagabone Seller was, and how he didn't care what come of his daughter, body or soul, so that he made a little money, and he told me how that the letter he had sent to Seller was to meet him, and tell him that he wouldn't stand bBing blackmailed any longer, and that that led to high words, and ' in my exasperation,' says Mr. Gudgeon, 'I gave him what seems to have proved a death-blow.' . ''' He couldn't be deader,' I says, ' than he is if he had been laying there for a week, which brings us to the pint, what's to be done? I'm a poor man, I says, but I got a art to feel for another, and if you'll come down ansum I'll help you, if so be you want any help.' ' Help to do what ?' he says. 1 To keep this little affair dark,' I says,' and that can be done easily enough by digging a hole and burying the body just where it is lying.' He caught hold of my hand when I said that: ' ^ II g|Te J°u ten pounds in sovereigns/ he says, ' if you'll do it.' * Done,' I says,' but not by myself. I won't do it, I'm upright and downstraight, I am,' I says. * I don't want you to lend a hand. You give me the money to buy a spade, and come along with me to the wood and see it buried—you've no call to touch it if you don't like to—and then j I'll take your ten pounds and go my way, and nobody will be any wiser,' He wouldn't come with me at first, but, finding I'd. have no other, he consented. Well, we did the job—leastways, I did. I went and bought a spade in the town, and he went one way and I went' another, and we met in the wood where the 'body' was, and he stood by, shivering and shaking, while, all in the dark, I dug summat of a hole, and put Sellar in it, and put the earth on him, and some leaves ! atop of that. There warn't no fear that we ' should wait long enough there for Sellar to be smothered. He—Mr. Gudgeon, I mean— ! was off at a run almost before I'd put on the I last shovelful, and I was after him, and you may wager we hadn't got far before Seller j was oat of his grave. A quarter of a hour j after wards I was with him again, with a drop 1 of rum in a bottle to warm him, and with the ten sovereigns in my pocket, and we were off. He washed the blood off his head at a horse trough on the road, and we got drunk over I our stroke of luck before we put up for the night seven miles from where we started. 3Jext day we laid our plans. Seller was to j be off a long way into the country, and 1 was | to work Mr. Gudgeon, and punkshally send J him half of all the money I was able to sweat j out of him. "And I were that honerrable that I kept i my word. I did sweat him. There warn't a week that I didn't have a turn at him, making out that my conscience was in such a j bad state, owing to the orful secret that was [ weighing on it, that I couldn't do no kind of work, and required a deal of stimulant to keep me up. If he kicked, which he didn't j often, I had only to say that I was sick of the ; secret, and of being haunted night after night by the murdered man, and he'd out with the pieces I'd come for without another word. I reckon you might fairly put it down that I sweated a matter of four pound a week out of him for a matter of two yearp, out of which Seller got his share till he turned nasty, and said I was cheating him. Arter which I didn't send him anything, and dared him to open his mouth, at the same time pmting out that if he did so it would probably be ten years for each of us. So he kep quiet, and I didn't hear any more of him for full four months, when, blarm his eyes! he turned up m a rum way, and bust the whole thing. He couldn t get no work, and at last he went on tramp to seek it, and found a job at the chalk works at Grays, down in Kent, and, as bad luck would have it, the chap what I call widgeon he bas friends he was staying ^rith at iiamham, which haint a great way from rays. Well, one evening Gudgeon is coming along all alone on the country road, and he ™®et® a ghost. Seller's ghost! Ha! ha! q ii ng"?-a filling to have been there, oelier all white from his work, and sitting on a gate resting on his way home to his lodgings, and Gudgeon turning the corner coming slap on him ! Gudgeon shrieks out and falls down on his face m a fit or summat, and Seller not reckomsing him or aware that he is the cause ot lt.goeBto help him, and has him sitting up, with bis head on his knee, when Gudgeon | opens his eyes, and they reckonise one ! another—for all the world like a bit of play- ! acting. It was a bad bit for me, though, for oelier, the cur, he gives in and tells all about it, and there's a warrant out for my appre hension. Was I apprehended F P'raps so, p raps not. P'raps it's all lies what I've been 1 telling youp raps its as true as that here we four are at this present moment in this man starving crib called a * casual ward,'" And, as the wardsman informed me, thus abruptly as he had commenced it, the bully tramp so brought his strange story to a close. 