The Land of the Golden Fleece. BRISBANE. [BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA.] When on a splendid morning in May, rising very early, I stood in the verandah of a new, roomy, and handsomely furished hotel, the proprietor of which did his very best to make his guests comfort able but failing dismally in the attempt, solaced his wounded feelings by charging them as though they really had been very comfortable indeed — when from that verandah my vision shot far ahead and I saw in the foreground an edifice seemingly of the purest white marble, with an open loggia, and standing in a garden all aglow with sub-tropical vegetation ; in the middle distance a fair expanse of blue water ; in the extreme distance hills with verdure clad ; and, high over all, a bound less argentiferous arch of unclouded sky, I said to myself : ' That magician, who so assiduously concerned himself with the domestic concerns of Aladdin must be a very busy old gentleman indeed. He seems to have taken me in hand. I should properly be about five hundred miles north of Sydney, New South Wales. Sydney is a merry, free-hearted city, intensely English both in the aspect of its architecture and the physique, manners, and habiliments of its inhabit ants. I was there the day before viester day ; but here am I now — clearly, by magical influence— apparently somewhere in the South of Italy or in Sicily. It must be on Palermo, or on Messina, or haply on Procida, or on Sorrento that the morning sun is shining with such jubilant brightness. Mingled with the spicy emanations from the multicoloured jungle of subtropical plants, I seem to discern the odotir of fried sardines and macaroni with cheese. My ears are attentive for the fag-end of a barcarole ; Gian Battista will speedily be making his appearance, no doubt, with the black coffee and the littlfe brown rolls for me to break my fast withal ;' and how is it that no gentleman in the open, es pyiug me iu tbe verandah, has as yet pulled off his battered hat, and, under the invocation of at least a tithe of the Saints in the Calendar, implored an alms?' While I was peering down into the roadway, in quest of a South Italian or Sicilian beggar, something passably strange and unexpected occurred. Bight up to the imposing portal of the palatial edifice, which was seemly of pure white marble, there drove a remarkably natty hansom cab. Well, you may say, there was not so much' in. that incident. La Bella Italia it becoming a terribly prosaic land. There are tramways in Rome and at Bologna ; there are steam launches on tbe Canalazzo at Venice : and, these many years past, the cosy little Milanese four wheeler has been callerl a 'broum.' But j udge how rudely my Italian illusions were scattered to the winds when I tell you that from the natty 'hansom'aforesaid there alighted two gentlemen in wigs and gowns, the gowns of black' stuff, not so threadbare aud so faded about the salient parts as to suggest brieflessness — no apprentice of the law with his wits about him need carry a faggot brief into court among this race, which is as liti gious as the Abderites of old or the 'Nor mans of to-day — the wigs of the approved horsehair fabric, with the d ue number of tails, the whole neatly po wdered, spick and span, ready for the fray ; ready to be cocked forward as Mr. Ro'wland scratches the nape of his neck wit) i the forefinger of his left hand and deferentially re minds 'M'lud' that the fact of the prosecutor's watch hay ing been found in the prisoner's boot is o nly one link in a chain of circumstantial evidence which, after all, may turn out to be misleading; ready to be pus'ned back indignantly while Mr. Oliver., menacingly, pointing with the stump of an old quill pen at a perspiring par ty in the witness-box, de mands in thunderous tones to know whether he is aware that he is on his oath ? On his oath ! As well might the inquisitor have asked Beatrice Cenci, while she was being Gehennsed, whether she was aware that she was hung up by the hair c,f her head, and that she was being biimped up and down in an ebony arm-cbair, the back, sides, and seat of whicb. were ingeniously cut into rose diam oud-like facets. Proper wigs were tliH^se, bringing back pleasantly musty reminiscences of Took's-court, Chancery lane, and the little old man in the' white hat and the face like the Original of a' Writ who lingers about Lincoln's Inn gateway on fine summer afternoons, and is popularly supposed to be John; Doe, retired on a pension. His stipend will be materially increased on the demise of Roe, his co-pensionary. ' Them's Counsellors, Professor,' Nors.li, the kind-hearted Irish chamber maid and waitress, replied when I ques tioned her as to the why and wherefore of the gentlemen in tbe stuff and horsehair. ' Them's Counsellers of the Shuprame Court, bad luck to 'em.' Norah had just brought in the breakfast, consisting of beefsteaks, mutton chops, sausages— as hard as the ? heart of a tallyman — eggs, baked toast, inscrutable butter, and in comprehensible jam. Why she should have called me ' Professor' I am sure I do not know, unless it was, indeed, that Professor Pepper, of Polytechnic fame, had been to see me ; and Norah fancied that I, too, might be something in the professional line. The Professor's many friends in England willhe delighted to hear that he is in a very blooming condi tion in these latitudes. He appears to have given up ghosts— I have always found them an unprofitable kind of gentry— and what leisure he can find after the performance of certain arduous duties connected with a school of science and art is exclusively devoted to the con templatioa of gold. As the , origin of gold is still a mystery unsolved by science or experiment each student has his own theory. Some hold that gold is the re sult of electric action; some that it is the product of vaporifio sublimation ; while others declare that the precious metal is generated by ' precipitation.' PreciDi tation of what? Mercury and light maintained the old adepts. The modes of I lis occurrence, tne principles that govern its purity in and out of the matrix, and other items in the arcana, remain nearlr as they were to the unlettered diggers of forty years ago. , The most erudftS man of science, indeed, can say little more, concerning gold than was said, nithilv enough. long ago, by one who had nV. pretensious to ^scientific attainments at*' all—' Where it is, there it is.' £v * there seems to lie the philosophy of~ f1 twS at Hokotika, on -the West Coast of New Zealand, a medical' mau whom I knew rode in to see meone. morniug The night had been I desperately wet one. With a nooket— handkerchief full of stiff wet mud tied up in a bundle at. his saddle- bow. 'I' !i up Vv the wayside,' he re marked ; p-Q(j j fancy it's pay dirt.' ??.^rae again, in tbe afternoon, quite' JUM» alKi he exhibited and made me a present of a square of stiff blue paper,, on which were gummed seventeen minute spicula of pure gold, 'i All! alluvial,' quoth my medical friend - ' and there's hundreds of square miles more of it lying around unclaimed, like the roast pigs in the island of Cockaigne, with knives and forks stuck in them and' crying, ' Come, eat us!'' Had I time T would devote myself to the incessant' contemplation of 'pay-dirt,' at Hoko-i tlka, on the West .Coast of JNew Zealand : or sit with . Professor ; Pepper until somebody chucked the philosopher's stone' at our heads. But your landlord will not wait while you are fiBliiug for the absolute at the bottom of a ' balnuin mariay' ; aud the talons of the tax gatherer can stretch, to reach aud rend you, far beyond the equatorial line ; and I must needs go back to tbe old traiu of paper-staining. Norah's 'Shuprame Court,' otherwise the Supreme Court,, is only one among a series of public buildings which adorn the episcopal city of Brisbane, the capital of the colony of Queensland — buildings the number, tbe magnitude, and the splendour of which excite in you a feel ing, first of blank astonishment, and next of something very like irritation. There is the more need for astonishment when it is remembered that tbis handsome, flourishing metropolis of forty thousand inhabitants was iu 1825 tbe wretchedest of convict settlements. Brisbane, so called from Sir Thomas Brisbane, an Australian Governor of the past, was thrown open to free settlers in 1842. The ? penal element has entirely disappeared, and behold the city now. There are seven Episcopal, six Baptist, three Wealeyan, four Congregational, six Presbyterian, one Lutheran, three Primitive Methodist, one United .Methodist, and Four Roman Catholic places of worship. The last-named com munion have also on a hill on the Bris bane river, just before you come to the wharf, a towering convent boarding sohool — a pile which looms high and dark against the sky, like some old robber baron's castle on the Rhine. The Society of Friends have also a meeting bouse, as have also the ' Scandinavians,' who may be, for aught I know, Swedenbor gians. The largest and most splendid building in the city is the Legislative Assembly in George- street, which cost a hundred thousand pounds. The Post Office is another very fine pile. The Custom House, tbe Masonic and Temper ance Halls, tbe Telegraph Office, the Museum, the Treasury buildings— which are being replaced by an architectural mass even more gigantic — the Grammar Schools, are all, so far as altitude and solidity of construction go, very imposing structures. Artistically they do not call for any notice. I have not yet heard of a single Australian architect or sculptor who has produced anything in structural or plastic design possessing tbe slightest claim to originality ; but in these many and costly buildings at Brisbane, the architectural draughtsman and the master-mason have done their work in telligently enough ; and the canons of Paladio, Kent, Aldricb, Chambers, and Soane, Barry aud Street, Gilbert Scott and Brandon in the Gothic and the classic styles respectively have been copied with sufficient fidelity. The re sult is, as I have said, at the first blush, astonishing. Most astonishing. No English town ot 40,000 people could show anything approaching tbe display of handsome and imposing edifices of which Brisbane is so justifiably proud. In rapid growth of population it is possible that an . 'infant' American city would leave Brisbane very far behind indeed. Mugwamp Rapids, Colorado, founded iu 1847 by a stout-hearted band of pioneers, headed by Col. Zeph. P. Cornerem, with nothing but business pluck and energy, a Sharpe's rifle, and a few bills of a Buckeye bank which had burst, badly ; Mamfatsmash City, Montano, of which the lines were laid so late as 1862 by that Promethian explorer, Judge Judas J. Jyro on a mule, with only a few head of cattle and a limited but chival rous following, who had cleared out of the state of Kansas after a difficulty con nected with a Chinaman who ceased to be on hand — and the Sheriff after them all — have now their population ofseventy, or eighty, or a hundred thousand souls. Aud they will continue to grow apace. Churches and Banks they have galore ; but for public buildings, strictly so called, Mugwump Rapids and Hamfatsmash City must wait awhile. It would seem to be a law of municipal economy in tbe Far West that the first allocation of money for a public work gets stolen by influential but unscrupulous citizens. The second grant of money gets mixed up somehow, and goes before the courts and doesn't get out of them ; but the third vote is geneially a success. Ter, AcliMlen. The money fails for once in a way, to stick to influential fingers ; and the public building— Town Hall, Chamber of Commerce, as it may be — is handsomely and substantially erected. But meanwhile both Mugwump Rapids and Hamfatsmash City have been In the enjoyment, for several years past, of a sumptuous Opera House and of a couple of theatres as elegant and commodious as any that you would find in New York, or Paris, or Brussels. The infant Ameri can cities are likewise endowed — they would soon know the reason why, were auch not the case — with a plenitude of spacious and luxurious hotels. Now turn, if you please, to Brisbane, in Queensland. I find that I have even failed to do full justice to her architectural grandeur. Her banks are many and gorgeous —somewhat terrifying, also, it must be granted, like those thundering old places at Rome which the brigand barons of the middle age built out of the stones of the Coliseum. But when, in Brisbane, I look around for the sumptu ous opera-house or the elegant and com modious bijou theatres, I look in vain. There are one or two so-called theatres Jn the place, I believe. The one that I Wiipt to was a big, ugly, ill-ventilated, jiilWy hole, crammed to suffocation by a 'larrikin' audience who would have certainly compared unfavourably with a pit and gallery at the ' Vic.' in the old '' Bravo, Hicks J' days, I asked if there waa in Brisbane any music-hall such as we understand that kind of entertain ment. There was none. The magistra tes would not license sucli a place, I was told. Any public pleasure- garden, like unto Rosherville ? None. Auy cafe, beer-gardfen, restaurant— I do not mean a shilling eating-house ? None. Humph! ToHt thousand people, thirty- nine churches, ever bo many banks, one hotel ? that can be called an hotel— rand a mass of roaring ' pubs.' Much matter here foreqeditation, not only as regards the present, but the future. ft (JjrN'TLEMAU (calling at the house of a friend): 'Is your mistress inP' Mary : ' She is, sur.' Gentleman ; ' Is she engaged?*'' Mary: 'Faith, shes more than: that— she's married. ' So you still manage to put up with your Tartar of a wife?' 'Oh, yes! W« have lota of fun together.1 ' ? '°w is that?' ''Well, you see, my wife, when Bhe gets into a passion, is in tlie habit of throwing at me anything that comes in her way. Every time she hits me she ib pleased, aDd every time she misses I am pleased ; and thus we .are never short of amusement.' ' Gaze upon yonder evening star ?and #wear to be true while its light shall shine. Swear, my love. Swear by 'Venae J' exclaimed a youth in im passioned accents to a sweet Sydney girl undergraduate. ' How stupid you are,' she answered; ' that it not Venus. Therieht ascension of Venus this month is 15h. 9m. ; his declination is 17deg. 25m. south, and her is 10.2.' 