BAHNAWARTHA. prom our correspondent. He was a bright faced lad, with brown curly hair, and used to rido to theBarnnwartba Post-office forlotters twice a week. His pony was a littlo ilyor, the onvy of all tho boys nround ; but ha was not happy ; ho had Bet his hoart on getting a bicycle. Woll, young I , of Chiltorn, bad ono for sale dirt cheap, his grandfather having bought him a largo ono, and young H was just 10s. short of tho amount required for the purpose. What was he to do ; that bicyclo he muBt havo. Woll, while ho was hold ing a committee of ways and meanB with himself his eye fell on his Bistor's dog (a present from her intended), a beautiful Amorican meat hound. Ilis mind wos made up ; he saddled his pony, whistled the dog, and rode to Wodonga. After tying up his pony outsido the town he tied a string him for sale for 10s. without any success, until an old gentleman came along who took a fanoy to it and bought it. . After pocketing the dimes the young hopeful handed tho string with the dog attached to the old gentleman and left. Upon reaching the corner noar where his pony was ho whistled and called, " Snider, -Snider," and made for his pony and off. Upon looking behind lie beheld " Snider" close up and the old gentle man sitting on his latter ond in the road. On and on ho wont, over logs and everything that camo in liis track at full gallop homo, a distance of. 14 miles in something undor _ an hour. The next morning saw him in po- sossion of the much-coveted bicyolo, and the same evening saw him brought home ih a dray Bmashed up and . his bicycle smashed also. Tho next mornr ing, whoii his. souses returned, he found himself in bed and tho old gentleman to whom ho had sold the dog dressing his wounds. Ho closod his eyes again, thinking he must bo in a dream. But no! horror of horrors — he was awake. Oh liow quickly last Sunday's text rushed on his mind. "The way of transgressors is hard," and"Be suro your sin will find you out." Bursting with repentance the young hopoful oriod out, " Oh ! sir, if you'll only forgive mo this time I'll be a good boy, never, no more." The approaching races and concert and ball arc absorbing a good per centage of convorsation. As the programme is an exceptionally good one no doubt they will bo very suc cessful. Yet," withal, it seems vory paradoxical in the face of the rerions outlook of oxcoptional hard times through tho want of rain, which must offect ovary branch of trade more or loss, that we go in for extra jollifica tions, quite tho opposite of tho diggers' modo of procedure in tho oldon times. When a diggings got pretty well worked out and things wore dull thoy wont in for building churches. Now, boing a novice, I don't profoss to bo a judgo in thoso matters ; but at tlio same time I must confess I liko a littto jolly jollification sometimes, thnt is, whenever it is available. Although the rqin has beon hanging about for tho last few days it is very tardy in coming down, and with tho exception of a bit of a splash wo soom to he as far off as evor. Nevor since tho Indigo flour mills havo beon built until now liavo thoy lacked suf ficient water to supply tho boilor. Tho supply which was thought to bo n'ovor-failing .has given out at last. Surely a change must come shortly,or things which aro bad enough now will bccomo vory sorious. Now that Jack Frost hns put in an appearance tho eattlo aro boginning to hump thoir backs, which is but a pfeludo in many oases of "shuffling off thoir mortal coil." It is very evident thero is not an equitabta division of oats among the equines in this country, for only a day or two ago the fact was proved in Bnrnawartha to a demonstration thns- wiso. tjuadrupod No. I was tied to a post at tho Indigo Hotol and com menced pawing the ground vory im patiently. No doubt thinking such treatment waB derogatory to his dig nity ho at last broke his bridle ond bolted — not ono of your common, evory-day bolts, bat a regular " Washington grensod streaker" — and at onco made straight for tho intorior, tlio evident result of nn overdoso of choico tartarian, and it's vory possible he's going yet, for up to date I havo not heard to tho contrary. And quadruped No. 2, struggling undor tho weight of a hoy noarly ton years of ago, staggered to the puddle holo below tho bridgo to ondoavor to got a littlo " moat and drink" at that " slough of dospond" burgoo pot thnt is so conspicuous in its solitudo, and boing neither able nor willing to got out again, and utterly regardless of tho boy and tho saddle, quiotly lav down in the slndge, with tho ovidont inten tion of giving up tlio ghost. But assiatanco was soon at hnnd ; a ropo wob put round his nock and nnothor made faet to his tail, thon with " yo heavo ho" ho wns landed on terra jtrma evidontly ngainst his will, and it was with great difficulty ho was persuaded to. movo to n more sultablo placo, whore his cremation would bo more convoniont and loss oxponsivo. If tbo oats bad been more equally divided both theso catastrophes might have beon avoided. Tho ways of somo of the Government deportments nro unBorutablo. The Stockyard boring operation hnB a new " boss," this being tbo third Bince tbe boro was started. It is the intention of tbo new manager, Mr. L. Holt, to rime out tbe ' old bore, which wob abandoned by the late manager, . Mr. Pringle, that gentleman having sent in his resignation. . 