ECIHOES OF MELBOURNE. [BY THE GeosRT.] Chaos still reigns in the political world, for although Messrs. Service and Berry have returned from the Federal Council, and have put in an appearance at their offices, these veteran politicians appear loth to bid a long farewell to all their greatness, and still lag superfluous on the stage. As a consequence of their retention of office and the delay in the reconstruction of the Ministry, aspirants for parlia montary honours find themsolves in a somewhat awkward quandary. This is especially' the case in regard to the older members of the Assembly. Every member thinks in his heart of hearts that his talents deserve the recognition of a grate ful country, and that he is not entirely out of the running for the portfolios to be scrambled for; and, therefore, however much le may be opposed to a continiuance of the coalition, is most guarded in his censure in regard to a combination of which it is not impossible he may become a com ponent element. This policy of dangling the bunch of carrots before expectant olfice seekers is douibtless astute, but calculated to lead to unpleasant consequences in the future, and to place candidates in a false position before their constituencies. When the' names of the proposed Gillies Doakin Government are announced it is certain that the coalition will not be so generally favoured as it appears to be at present. The ranks of its opponents will, of course, be swollen by all the honourahbl gentlemen left out of the team, and these, added to the gentlemen who have openly declared themrselves averse to the forma tion of any Government excepting one con strueted on strictly party lines-and per haps some of the dispossessed holders of seats in the Service-Berry Ministry-will assuredly remove the reproach levelled at the late Parliatlment of possessing no Oppo sition worthy of the name. The secret as to the members to be selected by Messrs. Gillies and Deakin has been well kept, so well in fact that the name of every present member of the Assembly, excepting, perhaps, those of some half dozen, have been mentioned as the "coming man." There must be at least some forty or more disappointed ones, who will perforce have to remain satisfied with their .£300 per annum and a seat in some other part of the House than the front bench on "Mr. Speaker's" right hand. Mr. Berry leaves the colony on the 25th inst., having booked himself and family by the P. and O. steamer Rome, sailing on that date. He is, it is said, to be entertained at a farewell banquet by his late constituents at Geelong. However willing the guest may be to accept the hospitality of the Goelongese, it is doubt ful whether the Amphytrions are equally ready to proffer it, and it is not improbable the number of the late Chief Secretary's " friends and admirers" may prove so small as to render the proposed demonstration a fiasco instead of a compliment. There is an opinion prevalent that Mr. Berry, like most "patriots," has done remarkably well for himself, his sons, daughters, sisters, cousins, and aunts, and that the colony has already amply repaid any services rendered by the author of " Black Wed nesday", and "broken heads and houses in flames." By the way, will not the hon. gentleman be in his element in the con genial atmosphere of Trafalgar Square ? How true it is that "the evil men do lives after them "! One of the legacies left to the country by Messrs. Berry and Service is the appointment of their complaisant Attorney- General to a Supreme Court judgeship. Mr. Kerferd made his dcbru on the Bench a few days ago, and so utterly disproportionate were the sentences and the offences for which they were inflicted, that petitions have been forwarded to the Executive, praying for their alteration. This is certainly not an auspicious begin ning tq the new judge's career. It is said that 'while the Bar feel somewhat hurt that "a briefless barrister" should have been awarded one of the highest judicial positions in the colony, they console them selves with the reflection that his decisions on points of law in civil cases will result in, a plentiful crop of appeals, and thus bring grist to the legal mills. Evidently with gentlemen of the long robe the inter asts of the public are entirely.a secondary consideration. As a set-off against the universal proans of praise raised in honour of. Bishop Moorhouse, one of his clergymen rendered bold by a large family and a small salary - has denounced the episcopal dignitary in somewhat strong language from the vantage ground of the pulpit, and has, moreover, when "inter viewed" by the inevitable reporter'of a metropolitan evening journal, repeated in cold blood the accusations against his superior. What notice, if any, Dr. Moor house will take of the ungracious breach of church discipline remains to be seen. As we have not in the colony any Court of Arches before which offenders of the Watson type can be hauled, and any pro ceedings instituted by his Lordship-elect of 'Manchester would infallibly give the delinquent the notoriety he is apparently desirous of courting, it is not improbable that the matter will be allowed by the Chqrch of England ecclesiastical authori ties to pasu weith?olt comqment, and, the utterances of the Brunswick incumbentbe treated as the emanation of the brain of a garrulous, querulous, and disappointed old man. But there are nevertheless a number of people who hold the opinion that there is certainly. a substratmu of truth in the denunciations of the Rev. John Watson. The arbitrators appointed on behalf of the Wharf Labourers' Union and the ship owners of Melbourne have after a long, patient, and exhaustive, and-as they sat pt their last meeting from two in the after noon until past four the next morning e' hausting enquiry, gives their eward in the recent dispute. It has been framed on the "give and take" principle, and althloughl the wharf labourers tate a great deal and give very little in return, it is said they are not satisfied with their victory, 'nd that another strike is looming in the not far distant future. To be forewarned is said to be forermced, and as the coal merchants, the railway authorities, and the gas coinpanies are taking steps to protect themselves against any sudden emergency, p resort to extreme measures so soon after a settlement so advantageous to "the work ing man" would assuredly alienate the sympathies of all fair-minded people, and oerlhaps end in a manner less satisfactory to the strikers than the quarrel just patched up, If, therefore, the wharf labourers are wise, they will follow the elvice given in the time-honoured proverb which enjoins letting well alone. One, at least, of the measures of the session upon which the Ministry can look back with satisfaction reflects but little credit on its legislative parents. The much vauntedLicensingAmendmentAct,tinkered by teetotalers and publicans alike,turns out to be full of unworkable provisions, and will require an amending act before it can be brought into full operation. And one of its effects seems entirely to have been overlooked by the sapient framers of the uleasyu. The owners ?qd occupiers of hnremunerative hotels can combine with the temperance bodies and, under the local hption clauses of the act, close the non paying liouses for'theo express purpose of obtaining compensation. In many localities this "little game" has been commenced, and a handsonie bonus will be received by the dispossessed ones for giving up a losing business. In their eagerness to legislate the liquor traffic out of existence the tee total engineers have been hoist with their bwn petard, Evidently manyworsethings bould happen to the publicans of Victoria than being "turned out of house and home." SYet another strike ! This time it is the painters and house decorators of fel bourne and suburbs, who require more pay for less work than they at present perform, and who if their demands are not acceded to will leave our abodes paintless and paperless. They have no doubt been -.act?sitod in the 'course thc."'hea'd ta.cosn bS" the success of the plasterers,who now work only five and a half days in each week and condescend to receivo six days' full pay. Sooth to say. the: colony of Victoria looks upon this ilatest development of the "striking mania" with a good deal of placid unconcern. People appear to enter tain the idea that they could still manago to exist, even were their abodes to remain unpapered and minus the orthodox " three coats of colouring." They could perhaps sympathise with coal-heavers, and uphold the corporation labourers in their desire for less labour and increased wages, but just as Dickens's barber drew the line at chimney sweeps, so do the public here draw the line at painters. 'for even in Collins-street ladies could manage to get on without p iut. Rehbrary 1:1. 