BRISBANE!. fFBOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT. 1 August 9. A deputation of Licensed Victuallers inter viewed the Premier to-day, to givo him, quite respectfully of course, a piece of their mind regarding the new Licensing Act. Sir Samuel I Griffith can eudure a good deal without flinch ing, in the way of having pieces of people's mind thrown at him. At the end of tlie operation, he is, even when he appears to yield just ever *o little a b}t, like him, who convinced 'against his will, is of the same opinion still. At this moraine's eathnrimr Sir Sfuhudl did' yield a' little liit to the views | of his -visitors, and went so far as to say that he would endeavour to introduce, a measure this session to effect 'some necessity alteration iu the Act; Unfortunately for the publicans, the way he proposes to mend the Associations shoe, will not make it more easy just where it puiches most. It is the eleven o clock closing that is the chief irritant.' 'The Licensed Victuallers declare in pathetic' terms that if a return is not made to the old closing hour midnight— life— public-house life wiU not be endurable/ But Sir Samnel is as hard as the nether millBtone on this point. The, result of a short experience of the Act, , did nj!t justify any alteration in the hour of closing. He fully admits that certain justices have made ridiculous blunders with regard to lodgers and their privileges, and, referring to a recent division of the Bench, which had surprised him greatly, said that when he was staying at an hotel, he (considered be was at liberty to ask anybody to dine with him, or be his guest at any time, whether during the hours the house was open to the public or not. But ho quite refused1 to make the Act the scapegoat of pudding-headed J.P. 's. ' Now that the head of the Government has laid down this principle about the rights of lodgers , and . their guests, during closing hours, the good-natured lodger will . be in requisition , more freely than ever. The publicans have got another tender corn, which the shoe pinches badly, but they are not likely to get much relief. They want the right of appeal to the Supreme Court, other wise, than by prohibition' -from their natural enemies— the Licensing Bench. Sir Samuel is averse to granting this right. He might, perhaps, introduce an amendment sending appeals to the District Court, upon questions of fact. What a remarkable entertainment the Mayor's fancy ball at the Exhibition Building on the 5th; may be gathered from the fact that everybody talked about it for four whole days afterwards. At the same time, if the Mayor has sown wheat amongst tKe rate payers, he has also sown tares — a 'good crop of them too, so that wheat is likely to be overrun. By which elegant simile I mean, that where his Worship has obliged one citizen he has offended' many. That is the worst of a civic entertainment. ; Every rate payer considers himself as good as every other ratepayer, and a great deal better, and if he is left in the cold shade when the chief magis trate entertains, or at best can only. look on while His ' Worship's' guests enjoy them selves, and then, at the outlay ol several shillings^ he naturally turns nasty and would, if he could, cut off that annual honorarium which soriie mayors spend in hospitality, and which others button up in their pockets. No doubt the Mayor was quite aware what an avalanche of invective he was going to bring down on his head when he conceived the idea of- that fancy ball. He took the rough with the smooth, the latter being the honest thanks lie earned from those who were present at the great hall, and who in no instance, as far as I am aware, .took the too frequent privilege of guests to abuse their host as soon as they wfcrc clear of his presence. 1 It was univer sally admitted that the thing could not have been better done. It was weu thought out in all its details. The dresses, thanks to a liberal , supply from the south : and from tbe Holloways, , were immensely good, though of course, there were some of the usual incon gruities, such as little people' adopting cos tumes only suitable to semi-giants, and so on- A very agreeable: ? feature , of this particular fancy . 1 ball was that the guests in many cases sustained the character they had undertaken to £11, and this was especially noticeable amongst the niale guests who, avoiding the English, in - u » vise honte, adopted the Continental style, to the great improvement of the entertainment. X don't mean to insinuate that the cancan or high-kicking was indulged ; I mean simply that the characters 'pretty generally avoided the appearance of what is familiarly known as ' stuck pigs.' The supper was a feast fit for the gods, aud champagne flowed in quantities to suggest the St. George flood. Of Course there were speeches, but; they were not over whelmingly long, The ball is a thing of the past, , its only remaining reminderi being the advertisements in the papers by whjich the gentlemen who, by mistake, took a scarf and overcoat from the Mayor's ball is kindly re quested to return thein to etc., etc. ' ' The Queensland Rugby, . Football team, which so successfully tried, conclusions, with the New South Wales players ' have, since their return, been niade the 1 recipients of all those honors and festivities , which a I grateful country knows how to ' reward its heroes. There was much hurrahing at the wharf as the steamer which bore our athletitff moored alongside the wharf, and this demon stration was quickly followed by libations of champagne profusely poured forth. After the -!eficriptioiis which had reacIied uK'of the'fear . ful scrimmages which;, had taken place at the return intercolonial match in Sydney, most of us who were present, at. the, drinking of the Vin &' ho 'ndir expected to find, if not broken limbs, at least some absent features icmuragst the return warriors, but .soars,. .thererwere none. Tlie team looked fit. .. ,The banquet a night or two later was a very jolly, affair, : and tlie speeches, sonic of which afforded instruc tive descripi'ous of the matches, were un usually acceptable. In consequence of, the re ccnt matches, Rugby is decidedly looking up in Brisbane. Playgoers have had their fill of good things during the past few nights. At the Theatre Royal Mr. Holloway has put on Hamlet with «;? «iu oujnt; quii«ijiuvui ghost cfiects. Tiie management has given us ? so much excellence in connection with' the get ting up of Shakespeare's plays tha^ it will be rough on the next Shakespearian lot who come along unless they are prepared to db'as^ihuch or1 .more than W. J. Holloway, who, by the way, is decidedly at his best'inthetaittiof the puzzling Dane. In the event of Haiti] et in spiring us with too sombre ideas we have bnly to step rouud to the Academy'-of Music where we laugh till we cry at the .Private Secretary and his many woes. This piece was played here sometime back at the Royal and with 1 horriton as the Rev. Robert Spalding, one would have- imagined 'tfcat the merriment could no further go. But now that,, thg ex cellent actor, Mr. H. R. Howard, is -.with him the play is-- enhanced immensely. There was an immense audience '* at the Academy last niglit when the... Private Secretary was played , .and the explosions of laughter, which never ceased, were something to hear. I heard one visitor exclaim as he went out after the second act, 'I sliaiitgo back any more, I've laughtcd till I'm siok.'' Summer appears to , be putting in an pre liminary cauter. The mornings and^evenlngs are cold, but the, sun conies out in theday tiinc in a way to make people' carrying balibies or ; who are hurrying on foot to catbh.a-train wish that the weather .was . a little \ inotie sea sonable. The -best accounts come fronvall the district around ,as to the -state of vegetation and all nature is*at its hest. Which , however, seems to make little impression- on I bank managers and that kind of persons twhoiare as great skinflints as ever, and bchaviB just as though the great drought was still on. i A man reported missing Is worse than dead to his friends and relatives, but ifa man k«sps well by. using Dr. (Bell's (Kid ney and Liver) BitteWliB' will always be his own master and fiiever bfe' 'HalMngt a missing rnau nineCtJmee out of ten wanders away wbenoutof his mind, and nothing effects the brain more quickly than kidney, liver and urinary troubles. 