BOROONDARA ELECTION. Tho town hall, Hawthorn, was filled last night, when Mr. W. F. Walker addressed the electors of Boroondara. The mayor (Cr. W. Cowper) occupied tho chair. Mr. Walker stated that he appeared before them for the third time to seek election. He bad been their representative for four years, and he trusted they would still have tho confi- dence in himthey bad four years ago. (Cheers.) Referring to tho new Ministry, he said there were some people who were of opinion that Parliament and the Ministry should have dissolved together, that tho Parlia- ment should have gone to the country, mid that after they carao back thu Ministry should bavo boon formed in accordance with tbo wishes of tbo couutiy, (Hear, hear.) Tbo Government liad, he argued, followed thu courso which all true politicians wouid. adopt. (Cheers.) Such a c-ouino, of forming a Ministry after Iho elec tion had taken place, was novcrfollowod in any country on tho face of the earth, tor tlio simple reason that the Govurnmeut must continue, becauso' when ono Government diod a now Ministry must bo'choson to take its placo and sorry on tbo business of the country. Tho pid Ministry hid passed away, and it became tiocessaiy, in order to go to the conntry, to form a new Ministry. The Government wore thus rsking tbo country for theif support, and if they did not get it they would retire. (Cheers.) On tho other hand thoy wore told that tho day for coalition Governments was passed, aud then tho proper courso xvas to form a party Government. Me combattcd tho idea, showing that for tbe take of maintaining that prosperity, which thu country . had enjoyed for tiio paBt threo yoars a coalition Govemmont Should continue at tho bead of affairs. Willi regard to the Education Act bis views bad very iittlo changed. Ho believed that tho Education system to bo perfect must be froo, compulsory and secular. The Govemmont pro posed, in order to meet tho cost of the Act, to ret asicio a largo area of land ucar Molbourno, Iho value of which would increase yearly, aud lo devoto tbe revenuo derivable therefrom to meet the expenses of tbo Department. Scho larships wore to lie formed for tho-scliolara in Citato schools, when they reach a cortninnge. Df tlie children attending the Statoschcois three fourths wero recoiving rolgious instruction lu Sunday echoois, aud thero was no doubt tlmt Iho romaluing fourth, a very large proportion, received religious instruction at homo. (Hear, bear). There was less crimo in Victoria than )n any other colony, and that proved that tho tducation system did not manufacture criminals rs rapidly as wasstatod. A prominent measure in be Government programme was irrigation nud Iho Government wero already being blamed for JhclavieU promises lliey had made iuYhis respect. The farmers and tho miners formed the great bulk of tho papulation. Tho farmers wero tbe backbone of the colony, and were cn- litlnd to tho support of tho pcopio hud support of tiio State. (Applause.) ft proper system of irrigation would cause props to bo quadrupled, and therefore bouolit Clio farmers and the country at largo. The ploctornl system of the colony was in a very bad state. This district bad more electors than many which had twomcmbcrs. (A voice: I Joe's enough.) Tho Uovorumcnt proposed to emcdy this, and, without coniiuiug them- :clves to actual numbers, to introduce the ystcm of siuglo electorates, Thoro was one piestion ho had ev.T taken a deep interest in, md that Yvns tbo federation of tho Australian colonies. (Cheers.) His wholo sympathies leaned towards tbo federation of the colonies. As regards tho Tasmauian treaty the fact came put that tho colonies wero afraid of each other, ll'tismauia was afraid tlrnt tho products of Vie- loria would swamp her, and Y'ictoriu was pfraid that poor little Tasmania would swamp licr with her products. Tho Tasmauian treaty Was not oue sided, it was perfectly equitable. Whatever was to bo dono on tho ono sido was lo bo done on the other. As rc- feards manufactures there was not a polony in tho world that eouid havo tho ghost of a show Yvith Victoria. The for mation of treaties between any nnd nil the ro!onie3 it possibln would liavo his firm and (curly support. (Cheers.) Australia would be Mio of the grandest countries on Iho faco of the world when tho colo- fics iwcro en.) .Icderatod wholq. (Cheers.) s was said I hut bo iu bis position as Commis sioner of Customs would givo ovory facility to iuorckants for fraud through tbo Customs bc- rausc he was a free- trader. But this ho dis tinctly deniod. lie would give every fiicili tr ior morcliants entering in their goods, but uny lucrcbant who tried to practico fraud bo would Iroal him 'as a criminal, aud would havo him publicly tried. (Applause.) Merchants bud in iho past committed' frauds und been do- Icctcd, but they liud been dealt with jn-ivatcly. Ho would not do so, but would givo every pnblicity to friluda flVilh regard lo insubordination in iho public Service, tho passing of tbo Civil Service Bill Was intended to bo a relief to tho civil servants. )i tho intention hud failed the Government would bavo to sco that tho intention woe carried tuto effect. Tho Govcruraout, ho concluded by Baying, was tho very best possible under tlio circumstances. H had been said that Mr. (tonkin aud Mr. Gillies would never pull to gether, but how vvould tho Opposition pull together? llow would Mr. Gaunson und Mr. X'attcrson pull together? Mr. YVnlker answered a number of questions to tbo satisfaction of the questioners. Mr. Edward YVnlker moved, and Mr." Goo. Vasoy seconded, tho usual vote of confidence, Which was carried unanimously. 