1I ovcist. PUT ASUNDER: _: DY CASTLEIMANE'S DIVO1CE. By BERTHA I. CLL&Y;, I i anon or "nt0 o, a 3irrai,' r".ioe.w o,?? op 'ruE WOOLD)" "A 5'rTORaLE bOlt A 'OGm . "" nrTA'rosn'ieiT,"-'rTO. - CIIAPTLR 'XXXVIf.-(Co\TIvUrE. IeabEl'appearei at .be akltat;so did Lord Coastlomaloe. :They spoke little. Itudolph shrugged his shoulders when he found his wife would not be at breakfast. Lord Castle. \- maine did finally nay to Isabel: S "YoU cay you dislike Colonel Lennox. Why do you tlorate him, as you did last night, by treating him as you do other men ?" "You forget," said Isabel hHyde, gently, ' that I'Iam not a lender in society. I have no don to`'upport any stand I may make. My aunt thinks I owo her a heavy debt of ' gratitude for haintaining mo Lhero for two seasons, and the 'dnly, way I can pay that' debt is by' aiding her in every way which she requires to make her home agreable anod her entertainments a success. I oannoe take an independent course.` I wishrI could. And then,. too, I may not know about Colonel Lennox alt thboe evil:'that you know of him, for there maybho many things'.that would not be mentioned before me." :"That. is -very.,true," said Caetlcmaine, thinking suddenly 'that possibly his;a wi"e might he as innocent 61 theeo.scandals as Miss Hyde iva ' "At the ramo time." added Iabel, hastily, "you have beon ray kind, failhful friend: I respeot'your opinion above' all thin1ts, and if you tell mo that you think I shonld ignore Colonel Lenunox,.I should eetainly endeavour to do so in every way in my power." The.letters were brought in. Lrd Castle-. maine took up hie, andt n he naked leave to open it he wished. that Gertrudo was ot as reasonable and amiable a temper as 2Miss Hyde. "Miss Hyde," ho said, presently, "I am called to Neath on business of much import., anoe ; I moat catch the next trait. _ Explain my absence to Gertrude; say I will return to morrow. Ite hastened from the breakfast-room, and Aeon left the houne.' SIsabel wrote a little card to Ledy Castle. maine, laid it with her lettere, and 0ave them to Fanny to take to her mistres?. In a short time Fanny oasmn' to cay 'that Ltdy Onotle. maine desired to see Misa Hyde. Idabel found her still in bed, her lettera aoattered about the counterpane. " So Rodulph has rushed off to Neath 1" "Yes. Are yun goinog to wear the willow, in that behalf ?" "No I .Bt truly, Iabel, lihe is nso dicta-. torial, so unreasonable, that I do not know . what to say or do. I feool as it I lived on the side of a volcano, or in wretched earthquako .lands. Now here, my mother has written." SShe is not so well.' .8he cannot leave Bsih, and she has her business to do, nod hbas sent for Mr Grimheld, our solicitor; tat then the businese cannot be done unless she oeaC me, and sho desires'me to come down, this after-. ,noon, for three days. Now, if I go right off, who knows but Itudolph will go into another. fury over that? ' I Of course he aould not. Ha would not be S'ealots of your mother. Nothing can be more proper than to go to her; you can take Fanny., There is no question about it. Your mother needs you. . She may be more ill than she seyas I should be anxious, were 1 in your place." SAnd you think that I ahould go?" • "Crtainly. There will be a train at four o'clock, from Common street. I spent esaeral months at Bath, with Aunt Creasoni," . Will you come. with me, Isabel? .You"` would not wibh to stay hero without me, and. you might a? well go to Bath as to your A' Aunt;" " Certainly I will go, if you desiro it." " Well, then, ring for Fanny. 1 will have her pack my things, and I will write a note to' lRudolph, inclosing my mother's letter. WYe go at four. I almost think I will enijoy itt it will be a change, and' Rudolph wilt 'have time to come to his scnses." SThe letter to her husband was of the curtat.i ,Gertrude was yet deeply angered at' what she' considered th6 'inexcusable attacek of the S previous evening. To cut short her pleasure, her pretty sooial triumph with such furious,'. . reel words 1 . ", 'While Grlrud wrote lier lettcrs, break?. :. fasted, and had some talk with her housa.' keeper, Isabel went quietly to the unarest telegraph "lloe and sent this dispatch'to ColonelLennox: " G. and I go to 3ath; to Lady Craven, 'for three daye. We take the 4 P.hL. train." An hour after Colonel L:nnox received this be took the train to Oharing Cross station for Ipswich-s journey of which.hla ook especial pains to inform his hliends. At four the next the next morning he reacheD Bath, by a train from Ipswich, Cambridge, and Oxford, a roundabout tour, which the colonel took with vast delight. . Au evening with her mother, recounting all sooial news, and all the events of the Reason, restored Gertrude's -spirits. Lady Craven's illness were evidently, most of them, fancied, .and she was looking fresher than ever. By autumn the little fiction of ill-health would all be done away with. In the morning she insisted that Gertrude and Isabel must go out for a walk, and to drink the waters. Mr. Grimheld was not to come for businees talk \- until one o'clock lunch. Lady Craven was on terms of great frioudlinees with her lawyer, whom she had known since her second mnarriage, and who had been her husband's warme~t frieond. elitrude had been acena tommd to regard the lawyer almost as one of her family, and it had been pleasing to her that he was also in charge of the affairs of the. Castlemaine estatep, and highly regarded by her. hbabs nd. Saareely Lad the two ladies entered Sydney Gardens, when they were joined by Colonel .Lennox, who met them, eoriog joyously: \- Thiseis an nerxpected pleasuroe." ':" It eertainly is unexpected," said Gertrude, as she gave him her hand. " I am on a sadden snmmons from my mother. As I said jefore, you meet us as it you were inspired by a tell-talo'bird or a familiar spirit, Whioh is If we were either, the geniau shohld have my deopeet gratiltude,' al4 Colonel Lnnoz, with a glance at Isabel, unseen by Gertrude. . And preay, when did you come?" asked Isabel, calmly. "Daey before yesterday. I heard that an old fripnd, a major of my regiment, was here Thck., TerqIe a-strong frIternal feeling among oflicers, you know, and I came here directlyI 1'ftLady Craven's tablesaux. Very 'charming, wero they niot? I recall them with joy; I never saw anything so beautiful. We had poetry, painting, and sonlptire all together-a true soul-feast. I shall recall it in, distant wilds and jungles or deserts, many a time, donbtlees. The flower show here is just opening and is said to have some very remarkable orchide.. Will you visit it?" They lingered among the flowers until twelve, and Colonel Lennox escorted them to "Lady Craven'e door. Both Isabel and Gertrude retrained from mentioning whom they had met. - Meanwhile Colonel Lennox returned to his hotel and his friend. He had,in fact, known for some time that a disreputable old major of his acquaintance was trying, with Batti water,- to restore a system destroyed by brandy, but he had no idea of visiting him .until he found that he could make him a good exonse for his appearance In Bath. "And how have you spent the morning ?" asked the major. " Most charmingly. I met 'Miss Isabel. Hyde, a brunette, who drove London sooiety. quite wild two erasona since, and yet reigns ' in maiden meditation, fancy, free.' And, also, Lady 'Gertrude, who crowned her first season by marrying the Earl of Castle maine." " I know," said theomajor, eagerly; "a great beauty, and a tremendous fortune. Her mother- enjoy the income from the estate, but the entiro property of her father will. revert to, the daughter., Ahl I Castlemaine was in rare lUOkalways. 11e had all that fortune coln!d give him in hMi own behalf, and gets what the Frenoh call an enormous, do with his wife Lo'll have it all." . "Not it he happens to die before his mother. in-law," said Lennox . S"Not much likelihood; a .young fellow made of iron, and moral as a prior." " Or if he should happen to-get divorced,". said Lennox, "beforo his motlier-in.law. died. In that case theb lady. would inherit in her own bhaalf." "Divorced 1" cried ita major, with a roar of laughter. "You don't seem to know that that was a love match, and that Lady Gaitli. maine, as Miss Craven and as Lady Castle. maine, is-a true model of propriety.. The Snow Qoeen-the White noen, they say.".' : "No doubt-no doubt; but modern socioty is so queerly constituted, anod ooial life hba ,now. so;many fantastio ways, one-'never knows what-may happen." " Especially when aochmen as yeou are let. loose on society, Leanox,". said. the major, eneeriregly, . " I am not 'numbered among the Castle.' maine set,"'eaid the colodel, coldly, ehanging the conversation,. Lard ?astlemaine returned home to' find his wife and I.abel ahbent; and the cold note of Gertrude, containing the letter of her mother, explained the chsence,'but did not .comfort hi hihert.. Going to dine at his club, he heard Colonel Lannox mentioned,with thoe news that he had gone to Ipswich, and, also, that his regiment might at any instant be ordered to Egypt. Lord Castlemaine felt tempted to foment wars and discords abroad, so that by the withdrawcl of a dangerous element-he might have peaeo. at home. alrtrude returned it the.time appointed, and thbre seemed a trfce to domestic strife. -The breach was sadly wide; the coldness be tween the married pair was evident en'ough to put Isabel, who pretended to ignore it, so the highcat spirits: There were no more looks of tender love, eager.eonfidencee, true, heart. felt compliments; each heart was wounded ;. each one felt the other the most to blame, and neither proud heart would bend to blame itielf. . In another month they would go to.Neath for a rest, after the exoitementof the season. To that Lard Osstlemaile secretly looked for ward. He would have his wife' to himself, and mutual explanations and mutual forgive. ness might follow. Ioe did notwish even Isabel invited to aoeompany them. i Lady Gordon gave a garden party. Her gardenoparties were conideredthe verycrown. ing festivitiesol the season-thelovely grounds b-eame a true ardndia. teabel was charming in pink and pofflled thllo; but what was Isabel in compirison with the beautifol Lady Caotlemaine,'n' a dretrs of the faintest shads of blne, trimmed with white water-lily buds in her .,lIrJe hair, ,wator.lilies half open about her snowy hbouldero that out. gleamed the flower, water-lilies showing their fragrant hearts of gold, drooping from her dainty waist(along the shimmering folds to her feet. . . . . " ' . , ' . Lord Oaastlemaine's heart grew very" tender to so moch beauty.. They had been together; than friends had called enehone away. Bud. denly Lord Castlemaine met the two friends whom he had overbheard talking in the club.. boneu, and the sight of them always re. minded him of the onlpablhe carelessness of .husbands. . Hie turned ti find his wife. Heo went ,here and there. Finally be saw her. Evergreens: formed a cirloe arounid a fountain. In that "seclusion and coolness, he heard his wife's sweet tones mingling with theplash of waters. She sat on the marble basin of the fountain, and was idly floating in thewater a lily she held in her own white hand. '. Shewas .look. idg up.and chattiog with some one, who brnt over her vith evident admiration in every line of hi face. . That man we Colonel L:nnox. . OfdAP.'ER XXXVIILI w cnrals nF-VT?e. .Whenr Lrd Costlemaioen saw the pair hby the lountain,hbe was wild with jealous rage. Tha'anoy man ashould dare look on his wife with such adoring admiration I The fact wee, -thnt' .ertrudo. hod become ecconstomei to Colonel Lannoz'e adloring, passionato gaze, nandmorely considered it "his way of look. ing," without coniderieg what it meant. ie fierst impulse was to epring forward, seieo his wife's hand, and lead her away-, away from tihe garden-party, away from Lon don, away from England I But Lord CaOstle maine belonged to a class which, however hot may be its paPielon, is eehooltd in sell-con. trol; repre0sion, decorum, these were hin earliest leaseons. Ileocheked himself a moment to take his breath-to bEoomo master oh him sell. In tbst moment the Duke of Portsea, with Lady Gordon on' his arm, stepped from the circlo of evergreens and stooeed before the eountesoand the colonel. iLord Castlemaino was notel near enough to hear what was osid;'but there are aotions. that have a eIear voice.. . After the interohange of a few seotenones, Lady Gordon laid her hiand on' the colonel's arm, and they moved .cut of night, while the Duke l Poties grenobl? e arm to Gertrnde, and they directed their steps towards the con servatory. - Lord Castlemaino underatood it all. The conduct of bin wife was giving rise to eom meat and suspicionn; Lady Gordon had inter vened to save the imprudent. Gertrude from her own folly; the fatherly old duke- was quietly defending Lady C.stlemaino from a dangreros moan, toidolph'osheart burned hotly. lias wife in this terrible positionl Bat he romut control hituself; they were near hirn. -The eyes of husband i"nd wife met. His flamed iudigna. tion; here shot defiance. Possibly the good duke saw these signals of warfare, and so throw himself into the breachb. " Ab, Castlemaine I" ha cried, ', your wife has honored me by going with mee to see Lady Gordon's famous rhododoodron ; it'took the prizo at. the show in Rlussell Square last week; therefore, it i the finest rhododendron in London, in England, in all the world; and we go to pay our homage to it, I do not wish to resign rmy fair partner; age is how graced by beauty. Will you ceroe with os, or'are you sstisfled with the ooyopany she is in?" Lord Castlemaine bowed low. :....- ; " Mfy wife could not be in better coompany than she is in notc." - Gertrude understood him. lie haod seen her with Lennox. The hand on the duko'e arm trembled a little, and her bosom heaved quickly. She wished that she were alone, that she might burst into angry tears.' She was, then, watched, eplhd, condemned I There would follow further scenes of angry crimination and recrimination. Gertrude did not love quarrelling. She preferred peace, but a penac In which she might have her own" way.. eather than yield to injustice, to in dignitles,-to arbitrary rules,sho would quarrel to the bitter end. . Probably a beautiful rhododendron. was. never looked on with more wandorin gnd less admiring eye. Lord Castlemaine woith. draw from the frequented walks; Iet could not bear to meet anyone. He tookasecluded seat,'and gave himself up to bitter thought. Every wind-stirred leaf, every chirping bird, every humming insect seemed eoboeing con. demnations of the folly of Gertrude. What hope was there for one headstrqng against counsel, lenient to vice, careless of her own dignity? He did not know that only the first of these charges held good against Gar. trade. . Lady Gordon came and planed herself at his aide; she laid her hand on his arm. " You look sad, my friend" -" Lord Castlemaine know that she had some. 'thing to ay, 'and if this subject muot be opened,. better with an old friend like Lady Gordon, a woman of goat 'juaiguyui,'?iiu with any other. '" I am sad," he said. "I am bitterly die. epipolnted, mch perplexed.t -" , r "Th task of guiding a. beantiful wife, so young as yours, through the qrioksands of modern seonety is not an easy one," sidl Lady Gordon.. "TYou mast remember that whaot makes'it so hard is the very thing we most admire. Innocence, incapablo of wrong, doing, ignorant even el what wrong in; aim pliolty and frankneso'that conceal'nothing hlese make Gertrude's danger.'" ,' To thilk that oUy wife could bo in daoger l" "Not in danger of any wrong-doiny, be lieve me, but olf 'ritioism and hlanderons tongues. You should warn her against Colonel Lennox. a .is psaying her very pointed attention, and she does not know'it." "I have warned her in the strictest manner, over and over." "It is a great pity," saidLady Gordon, "that' modern' soniety admits freely mer whose' slightest attentions are dangerous to our innocent young matrons and maidens. All such evil.doer:shoould bo banished ;" but they are not, and no one of use is: brave enough to begin a j st system of blaek-bsll ing. t"Then, as such men cannot be'binished, the only thing that remains is to take the unfortunato women that they venture to admire out of their way." "I think that is the best plan'. 'By the next season he will no doubt be gone, and. she will have gained'cxperienoo." "I have thought of going at once to Neath." d "'I should do so. .I have passed theose idle hints unheeded, as nothings; though I did think it a little retleosa of Gartrude to ask a man;like L?onox to. a gorden luncheon. I have heard, too, that he has said he should give a.dintcr at Greenwich, and hoped that Lady Oestlemaine would honer him by pre siding. '13ut when I heard that he followed her to Bltb, it really seemed to me to be going too far." ' . \ " "To Bath I" faltered Lord O.stlemaine, his heart growing cold. :"'A friend, of moino. wote that .he saw Gertrude and Isabel in the Sydney Gardens' with Colonel Lennox. I thought as the onews had eo come to mo, it.might equally have renohed others, and lest idle tongues should begin to talk, when I found he had wandered off alone With .her, I went and took him away." " "'I thank yon." But the.tone of those words made Lady. Gordon tremble. " I boa your pardon, my friend," she said, "remember that in such a. ceas great gentle. ness is needed as great firmness. I asture you, your wife is as pure and simple as a ohild.' You must be tender. I should have' had my son ruined, if to great firmness, I had not known how to add patlence and tender ness." ." " All do not possess those graoious qeIai.. ties;," aid Lord fastlemainn. , ' iThiy must cultivate them. They 'are Indispensable. .IYotumunt seek 'them, my friend. -You wilrrepent all harshness. 'DoBe gontle. Remember, also, ' that every' good tiod perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the father of light.'".. . :-resnlog Lord Castlenotane's hand, Lady Gordon moved offamong her guests. Lord cnd Lady Casllemaino were the first to take leave. "I do not wish to go," said Gertrude, '"ettiebly." I am enjoying myself. Isabel is not ready. Send the carriage back for usi." "Isabel can be left under the shaperongoe of her aunt. I desiro that'you will accompany me at onoo." Not a word was spoken on the way home. Arrived at home, Lord Caotlemaine said: "Gertrude, will you-kindly come to.the library? . I wish to speak with you." SI cannot. I. am tired. I:must go and change my dress."' ., . " - r ' 'Thtt care,. wait. I' ineist- upon,.yoo: coming;.to hear,what I havo'to say." With' a haughty step Gstrodo entered the library, and threw herell itto a chair. '_Woll?"' ale said, sharply.' '' : Gertrude, you 'hanve not regarded my, wishes about Oolonel Lennoz." ; " I treat' Colonel Lnnox juat as I tro??t others. HIo is nothing to me." " I do.not wish him treated as others. IHo is unworthy of it." - " I cannot make myself' absurd by varile. ions of conduct, as if I thought any acqlain. tance was of any consequence." ' You could regardmy wishes if you would. By neglecting thoem yon aoro making yourself: the subject of auspiieton and of the meeost noplceasant remarks. The Duko of Porteea and Lady Gordon were to-day ohliged to moake evident efiort to save my .wife from scandale and me from diegraea I" SGertrudo flushed crimson. "What do you mean ?" she criecd. " I can eake care of mysellf1 Who dares~ speook harshty of mre 1' "Very many enviouse tongues, and you are -tfording them cause, You are no more aspable of takig oaro of yourself than a child. nsf out of the nursery, I thought you were -you are not. You have deceived me, You met Colonel Lenox at Dath." " I know I did t" cried Gertrude, "just as I might meet others. I did not know he was there; he went before I did. Isabel and I met him by chance at the gardens; and he. walked to my mother's door with os." (She refrained from mentioning other meetinog at Bath; why add fuel to the flame?) " How dara you say I deceived you 1 Do you not know that I scorn a lie and alldeceit? I tell you it was more accident, that meeting." "Since you say o0 I believe it, on yoaur part, but not'on hip. "It was no accident bis being invited here to lanch." . " " I did not moan to do that,"sald Gertrade. " It was an ae-ident in away. But why should I not invite him? IHe is a man that I like.. Other people like him, and invite him; why should your jealous ill-temper put a constraint .onm moy ot innocent acts?" 'n am appalled at you, I blleh for youl " eriod Lord Oaatlemaine. "Colonel Lennox .is a man of bad character and bad life; will you not believe what I say to you, again and. again ?" "I believe that you beliovv, but I do nct believe it is so.. Prejodi?e" h% blinded you.' -I see other people neceivlagland approving 'him; I see the queen honoring him; I hear him express the noblest sentiments; I know thathe is a hero; I-" "Enough I " cried Lord Csstlomainoo in. furiated. "I would not. have- believed that you could think or eay such thirigs. We go ;to Neath to.morrow morning. I will save .my honor. Will you give orders to Fanny to "pack your wardrobe at once? " '" No, I will not I" cried Gertraude. . "I will not be, dragged off like hi oriminal; I will not be hbut up like a maniac. I hove engagemonts to th'e los .of the season. Isabel has been invited to remain with us, and we anenot close our doors to her. You will make me the talk of soCiety." ' - *! You rem fast making yourself that," said Lord Ca?tlemaino, angrily. " If you will not give the order to your maid, I must; for we shall leave in the ten o'clock train.to.mor. row. As for Miss Hyde,. she can go to her aunt, or ask an.invitalion from Lady Gordon. Lady Gordon, at least, will understand,why" we go.,". , . , !If my.mother were hero I would go to her, and froo you of responsibility for me," cried Gertrude. " Husbands cannot be freed from rooponsi. bility in sueh a way," said Lord 'Osatlemaine. "I should not allow you to'stay in London. It is my duty to removo you from scenes of temptation and danger, in which you ovi Sdently do not know how to guideo yourself. Will you give your order to Fanny ?" " Decidedly I will not." ,Lord Castlemaine rang the bell for' the butler. "Robert, you will sorid a page wilthl tole gram to Neath, saying that we leave for there in the ten train to.morrow, and will remain there'for the rest of the osummer. You will arrange with the housekeeoper for eloling this hoau=e for the season at onceo, Order my man to pack all my things immediately for leavr. ing; and take for Lady Castldmaino an order to Fanny to pack her lady's wardrobe for im mediate departure, and have all ready for the momrning trainf 'i she has to.work all night.. We will have no delayse." . . The butler bowed. He was too discreetto look at his lady; bat she was standing in apparent indifflreoee, looking out into the garden. When the butler had gone sho turned to leave the room. "Is there anything oelse you wish, Ger trude? " saidLord Osstlemaino, in an unfortu. note attempt to carry out Lady Gordons pro. grammo if gentlenoes.' "I wish nothing," said Gertrude, with pan sioe, " except that I had never seen you. You have disappointed mo. You are not as I thought you re You are my . You are eruel and delight in making me wretched. I wish I had retained my freedom. .Y'ou take pleasure in showing me that I. nm no better than your elavu. At Icast a slave can exerclsO the right of hating the chain I " She left the room with thcso words. She was swept away ina frenzy of passion; In tll her Ihlo she had been petted Rand indulged, and if her mother bad desired her'to pursue any especial course, it had been craftily arranged so as to seem dictated by herseolf. Hero was the fleet instance of reprnacb, of correctlon, of'condemnation that eshe had ever known. And she had been attacked in a poidt where she felt herself so innocent, s3 above all challenge. HId ehoe not always rebutffed the compliments of theo olonel? lOed he evecr been.asked to her homo excep to that one'tea, and to that fatal lnolh, when Isabel really had invited him? had lra not always loved and admired her husband, end had ele ever in the slightest thought of her heart given him cause for jealousy ? And now she was to be made the pupposol his jealousy, toy of the Castlemaine temper I 'She hurried'to bar boudoir and locked her, self in, without stepiling to take off lier festol 'plendora, where the water.lilies .vro already drooping and anding over the sheen of the silk. '' OHAPTER.XSXXIX. NO noarE WHERE IIrAIT IS NOT. :Night biings counsel. When trat Gertiude went to 'her room she was resolving on a ithousand wild and futile rShemes.' She would. send a telegram to her. mother and make her come quickly and open her own house in Portman Square, and take her daughter home. But the knewr that Lady Oraven would not do that. Lady Craven abhorred caudals, of all things. She would not be'a paity to her daughter breaking up her married life and-home. Lady Craven's full ambition had been satisfied when she made her daughter a conntees,end she would conaider it a very small thing to sacrifice an acquoaintance, and a littld self-will, for the airo of the ooronet and the splendid position of the oastlemaines. Then Gertrude wished she might run away and lose herself to every one whom she had known. She had read of peoplo who lived quietly iri litle, unknown lodgings, and went and came as they chose, who had no one to molest them, and lived in humble peace. She recalled the pitiful words of Anne Boleyn :. "I swear 'tis better to he lowly born, And range with humble lovers in content, Than to he perked up in a glistening grief, And wear a golden sorrow." . For.more than two hours Gortrude parsued in all its mazes this dream of disappeara'ec and a'lowly life. Poverty ahe had never known, cven far eff, and it had no terrors' for her. It weas a violon and a plan'that after ward proved'utterly disstrouns to her. Fanny was busy in the adjoining rooms, making ready for the dcparture.' Gertrudo finally composed her appearance, and called the girl to aid her in changing her drer's. She would give rise to no su'rmices and imporrineit discusionos among servants, and it abse finally concluded on any plan, she must be clmn and strong to earryit aut. Al dinnertimo ahe went -down, cold and stately, but heihusband had left word that he should dine at his club. Isabel came raning in, all alert. "Gertroude I why did you leave so early ? Wore you ill'? " No-quite the contrary-l1udolph wished i"What a pity. It was such a dolightful party. I made quite a conquest of anold Indian abob-ho had been married t6 a 'begum with no end of treoasures, and she died and he possessed all. It 1 felt qurite sure he would follow so laudable an example', I would 'possibly take his nami for a little white,' to have his rupees for a long while. But, Gere. tiudo, why are you no pale and dull? You are ill; and I seem to hear the stir of preparation in the house-the breaking up of a camp. What does it moan ?" * It means," said Gertrude, with repressed passion, " that Lord Castlemaine sees fit to break up here, without warning, and order the household down to Neath to.morrow morning. 1 cm very sorry for yod, Isabel. It is moat disgraceful of us to incommode you in this way. You do not wish to go home ountil the 'elore ct the season. You will not want to go to Lady Oreseon." - " My dearest I I am disturbed, not on my .nooount but yours. I can go to Miss Allerton shb has asked me repeatedly, and 1 amto bhe her first briJrs?aid you know, as I was yours. It is unaieky for a girl to be first brides maid often; the is never bride." " So much the better for her l" cried' Ger trude with emotion. - "My dearestl" said Isabel; taking her hand, and careseleg it., "I am' eo grieved, for you. I understand this. It is 'Castlemaine pride, and Caetlemaino jealousy. But the method is medieval., 1 had no idea this Lord Castlimaino would follow the example of his aneestors." S"What example do you mean?" *- :'Why,(do you not know?,'Aroayou -eo little read in the, traditions of -your ancient family.," ."-_:_ _ ...._.--" S"It is. not my family. I bIeliev' I hate antiquity and pedigree ," i " ' So do I, always rxeept'in the direotioris of old lanr and hereditary jewels. But the instances ore 'these:' Oharles II. looked. approvingly at a Lady Castlemaino- not that she ever saw the look--bt the lord and master promptly carried her offll to Neath, and there garrisoned, himself with her in enoety, till the period of their joint lives. Another Lady Castlemaine, of a musical taste, ndmired.a baritone or a baeso, or some other light of the opera, quite harmlessly, you know, as we would admire a good organ or pessably a music-box, and she also was swept off to Neatb, and she never came back. For her no more opera, or theatre, or ball, or garden party, or high tea, or tableanxl Poor soul, she might better 'have died and done with it? Why did she not take a dose of poison, or n ' aspic,' like Cleopatra." \- "If either of them had anyeeonse, when they were tired of captivity, they might have run away and hidden themselves.'t "There were no railroads in those days, nor steam veosels to the Continent, or to the .other side of the world. My dear Gertrude, if yon mean to rerort to suoh desperate meesusree, lay by 'you a noble store of pin. money and jewels,_for in this age even a heroine cannot lire without cask." Dinner wan served. - " : 'In the centre of the table stood ar splendid basket of white lilaes; theirperfume filled all tho rohm: '. . : .: " ". "White lilaee so late in the naseon l" cried Ieabel, and running to the table, she bent over,-drew.the eentre.pieeo to her, and buried her. face li the snowy, :fragrant. maos. "Flowers I flowers I" abe whispered, "'you are mny witnesses. Am I not keeping my vow? A little longer, and all will be done l" Shortly alter dinner Gertrude excused her. selt to Isabel and went to her room. A little later Lord Costlemaine came in, and finding Isabel in the drawing-room, explained as well as he could'the sudden departure. • "Pray don't speak of it. . I think you are very wise, -You are doing just right, -I will .'o.to Mies Allerton. .1 have sent her a note. Oh, I envy Gertrude going dawn to that lovely home, so afe, so sweet, so noble I Nothing to do but be good and happy. 'Ah, If , had a home like Neath, I think I should aslt no. thing better than to live there all the. time; doing good to my tenantry ; making the coun. try better and happier,. and upb. Idiog' the glory of an illustrious historic name.'" Nightbrought tcounsel. Grtrudesawplainly that her own dignity required that sheshould go quietly to Neatb. It she made, any osoee padea, it must be wehen driven to' greater ex tremees. As for Lord Castlemaine, his heart had grown apathetio with excess of his. musing.. Iio did not knnow that he was misjudging his younog wife. The lovely fabric of his hope and affootion seemed to have fallen 'in' ruins 'about him. The future was hopeless-the pre 'sent wasppixn. Lord and Lsdy COstlemaine breakfasted 'aloief inutter silenco. " In silence they entered the carriage togo to the atation-in silence they made the journey to Neath, in the reserved, first.olass ear.- . It was only about a year -ince, full of joy nd. I oee, Gertrade' had gone to' her new home alter hier bridal tour.- Then: tim was all to shaort for the overflowing wordsa'of- atee. Lion -between the married levers; - Now all. was gloom and silence. Gertrade fixed her ease upon the landeeapo-it was beautiful Kent, with its low, green hillsu its cathedrals, its villages, its thatched cottages. Lord Castle. ,maine read the London .Times. . Inteneely truthful and honourable, Gaer trude was wounded in her .terderest sensibi. lies by the enspielons and 'ceunations of her' husband., One of her traits was' obstinacy, and in this she shut herself up. She would never yield; Ri dolph must come to 'see that hehad wronged her, and must make the hum. b!est apologies. Shedid notknow that she ooUld forgive him even then. On his part, Lord Csatlemaine, beholding her anger and gloom, attributed it to her interest in Colonel Lennox, and distress at baeing prted from him. He could not have made a greater mistaee. All the joy of a return to his ancestral home,. which he deeply loved,'was taken -from Lord Castlesaine. \- Gertrude regarded Neath an a prison, and hated it cordially. A divided life now began between this ill. fated pair. Very often Gertrude did not come to breakfast. II she did, abomet her husband with a cold nod, and the two read their letters and their newspapers as they sipped their tea and ate their eggs and toast. Afterbreakfast Lord OCetlemaino busied himslf with the cares of a great estate;- he wrote, and saw his steward in the library ; he took long rides to examion different farms, or visited cottages that were in need of repairs, or school houses which should be improved. A year before, all plans, all interests had been discussed with Gertrude. She had gone with him on horseback to the farms; she had euchanted all the tenants with her courtesy; she had called at the ochool-housea; and fasecinated the old bachelor rector in the reo. tory, anod visited the cottages, scattering gifts with a bountiful band. The two met at dinner, but neither asked the other how the day had ben spent; there were no animatold disunssions. Gertrude did not tell Rudolph ol the young mother whom she had found weeping over her dead babe, nor of the aged widow whom she had tom forted; nor did Itedolph ask Gertrude for a wedding trouea'r for the pamekeeper's niece, d fors a chriastening roba for a baby on some farm near Iledmoss. After dinner, Lord aoetlemaino road alone in his library, or smoked hls oiger as he paced the terrace. Lady OCstlemaino walked alone in the gardens, or sat with some idle knitting in her hands, or sat down to her piano, which she pointedly left if her husband appeared. Such a lifeo as this is killing, esopecially i it intervenes like a sudden frost on the warm, budding spring of youth. Lord Oastlemaine had the relief of oecupation, for he was a landlord who realized his duties toward his dependents. oertrude lhad two sources of relief, one was long walks, and hours of wan. doring in the wide and beautiful grounds of Neath Abbey. There elho found not only -rirm gaorden, shaven lawns, parks delleately bleared on all undergrowth, but wild 'streams, lsop, lonely dolls, thick woods, winding wall tamong the firs, where for hours phI would hear no stp' save her own. She bo. canms accustomed to these lonely rambles, and her servants became accustomed to seeing her go for hours nnocnompanied, to wander in the abbey parks. The year before she had been deeply inter. ested in the tenantry, especially the poorer class. Her unbounded generosity found ecopo among these, who looked up to her no a visiblo Providence. The large sum which she received as " pin-money"from her hue band, and that other large sum, which Lady Craven relieved her mind by regularly remit. ,ting to her heiress daughter, enabled her to supply every want that came to her know ledge. The housekeeper, mindful of her lady's dispoeition, as soon as she returned to the abbey, laid before her all cases of need-this one sick, that old dame gone blind, the mother whose children needed to be fitted out for school, the baby that must have clothing, the lame boy that wanted a wheel chair, the young girl that should learn a trade. Gertrude was too generous to turn a deaf ear to any of these pleas, and in them she found some relief for her sorrows. In her hours of lonely musing as she rest lessly wandered alone, she tried to form some plan for her future. This lifo would become unendurable; she would go mad. After a while tho world insist on-going to her mother at Esetdale Park, in Sussex, her own future estate. Meanwhile, not knowing what might happen, she recalled Isabel's advice about money, and weekly put a sum into a looked casket in her boudoir. She never counted it to see how much ahe had, but the very fact of this saving caused her mind often to revert to that plan of.flight, of losing herself to all who had ever knon her, and pursuing life in hex own way. She felt sure that lRadolpb, it he had" ever loved her, had now changed .love to hate, and she never considered that disappearance would crush her mother's hap. pinesp. She supposed that society would consolo her mother for anything. She did not yet know a mother's heart. One evening, as Lord Castlemaine was roturning to the abbey, his soul loll of bitter pain over his lost love and blighted home, he saw a-young carpenter of the village searing his own village. This young fellow had been married two or three months before the earl, -who had given him a splendid set of tools an a bridal gift. Now this young workman was going home with eager face and long, swing. tog stridea; and now, from his door oame out the young wife, joy in her pretty face, a little infant in "a gown of sprinklled pink" lying on her arm, and went to meet her husband, whom she greeted with a kiss. The young fellow kissed, also, his babe, whom he regarded with evident pride and astonishmenatat - its beauty and brighbless ; than taking his wife's hand, they walked huoee, the mingled sound of their happy volaes coming clearly to the earl on the evening air, and sending arrows of anguish through hie soul. When he .lifted his head again he .was passing the window'of a cottage, and there within, sat Gertrude, in her white dress ol Indir mulli nod her clusters of roses, and - on her lap lay the cottoger'a baba in -its white christening robe. How lovely was Gerttrude; what sweetness in her face, bent above the lttle babe. The p!ture puresued lher husband and filled his dreams through all the night. C O PTfhtn xi. \- A TENDer PLa.a'T. - ",Gertrude," said Lord Osilomainel: the. eoxi morning, laying down hise paper whoen the servant had left the brealkfast-room, "osan you not try and be a little happier heroe ? You have lost all your gay' spirits. -I" think you are a little pale, ald you are listless and sad Gin you not asst away all that is. unpleas3ot in the past, and be happy ?" \- "No, I cannot I" eaid Gertrude, sharply. "And whybot, Gartrude ?" , Bsaosuae I have nothing. to be happy about." "It seems to me, on the contrary, that you are one whom all oan envy ; health, youth, oeauty, fortune, position,, home -" "Prison; you mean," interrupted GCrtrude. 'You can fasten birds up? ina cage, but you cannot make them sing there." " I am sorry it my home-if Neath Abbey, is a prison to you." "1 hate ?nath Abbey 1" cried Gortrude hotly. " - S"ano I take youanywhere whore you will be happier." Will you go to.S eitzerland? Or shall I take you to our shooting lodge, up in the Highlands. You may like the scenery there." ... -- - - - - S"I do not wishto be taken anywhere., It is the taking'that I object to. You speak as' it I were-an infant or an idiot, and as.a married woman -I suppose legally. I am the' latter." " Gertrude, you surprise mel I Why do you.oberiah these feelings toward-me." DBecause you have given me the bitterest, oecasion. Youltooe me'away from Landen. Sagaidst my will, and as if I were a- criminal I Everyone it obndering and talking. Agnes Soounton wrote me that there a thousand eonders over it, and Isabel says she is weary of antwaring questions about Lady Castle'. -maine.: You have disgraced me, and deliber ately ruined my life. You could not have been more cruel. You said once;,that you could be cruel to one you fondly loved. I must take the cr:elty then as a proof (hi. once you loved me, though it is a poor proof, and I would rather have less love and les hate.' "Believe me, Gertrude, I have loved you, I do love you with all my heart-with the whol. strength of my nature." " ' "And you prove it by making me miter: able-causeolesaly miserable I I wish none of such love." The servant's return prevented ferther talk,. and Gertrude hastencd to her room to avoid continuance of the convereation. Lard Caetlemaine told himself that thitl was the wilfulness of a high.tempercdgirl., who was unused to any interference. Bf degrees the excitement and passion of lit' 'caving London would be a thing of the past' and they would be reconciled. lie had hoped that there being alone would Iraw them nearer together, anil restonr mutual coefidenee. It seemed to put theme farther anroder. A third party would make it needful for them to speak more together, and hbe more erdial than now. Ito would request Gertrude to invite friends. As for Gertrude, the short conversation in which she had so illy met her husband's paofic advances aronsed to fresh-heat all bet anger. As she had caid, she nourished an in :cess bate of Ne:nth. She hatel the family relios, the armorial heorinee, all that bespokt she anliqtity of the line. She told iherself that it was pride of pedigree that made IRudolph so eraeting; leo felt that he could dominate her becausea" his family was better than here." flo had said so. Wnat an inosult I Of all tbings she hated the picture.gallery wihth th family portraits; she hated those darkl, proud, self confident lords, every one looking as if he eried, " Oastlemaineaogainst the world I " " It is just the story of the old French sieur put into Engliesh I "cried Garitrude to hereelf. "Thre ia the pope, and there is the king, but I am a ,asstlemtneioi" But of all things Eshe hated the portraitsR of the Ladieos astlemaino-tlhoso mild, delcante. featuroed, moek Ldiee OCaestlomaine. Some of the earlier ones possibly had hardly know how to read. Many of them for sole accomplish. mosnts playinl on the spinet, and working on' the tambour.frame ; but they had all known how to oboy, and It was this feminine meek. aness and wrvakneess that had suinod the earls of Oasslemsine. " Well, atlast there should be a Lady Castle. -nane who would hold her own and ight to tho death, "I wish," she cried to them in her ltrJ, "that you would all come alive out of your frames just one minute, to hear what idiots [ think you, and let you know that I am a higher spirit than you. It would be worth something even to disgrace the name of su?i a weak-minded line of countescs, not one of you ablo to claim your own soul for your own I" Gertrude's s?ate of exlitement was such that she did not see tho absurdity of this out. burst to the family portraits. She was in a singularly excited nervous state which bhe did not realize and the true aouse of which she did not guess. Unfortunately, the only reason that Lord Castlemaine could assign for his wif.'is can. tinued aunger and obstinacoy was the lingerinl regret for Colonel Lantox. Hie was of an in tensely jealous disposition, and he had hesld people say that Colonel Lennox was a man aiegularly fescinating to most women, nad able to exercise over them the mlot unbounded influence. The idea that olonel Lennox btl dared to follow his wife to Bath I Even though he accepted Gertrude's statement that she hod nothing to do with it, it phowed clearly that the oalonol was euficiently interested to watch all her movements, and that he had felt con. fident of a good reception at her hands. 8:ill, Gartrude was his wile; he loved her well. Things might go book to nearly the old tender looting, it she would lay asido her pique and treat him asin happy days. She wasguilty only oeheedlessness, the follyof iutueeoncnndlot. perience. lie must olote up the broach between them at all hazard. GCrtrude was sitting in one of the long, open windows of the Nathe drawing-room, looking upon the terrace, her hlands in her lap, her head leaned back against the crimson ehair.cuehion. Lrd Castlemaine oame uppbe. hind her and laid in her lap two heavy bunches of white roses. "See, Gertrude, your own flowers I We shall grow famous for our roass souo. John. son thinks he can produce a nsw variety, the very crown of white roses. We will call it the ' White Osstfemaine.'" "Why, you have no flowers on your dress, as you usually have l" "Flowers are for the happy." "But I wish you to behappy, Gortrude.' "Yes, in your way; but happiness is not made to order." " At least you aon wear soina flowors I S, I will arrange you a cluster for your.belt." iHe began breaking off no combining the flowers, and then bent to put the full eluocter in its plane. Gertrude suffered him to do it, but only as one who condmor. Wcen he had finished, she nid d: . ".I don't love flowere as once I did; the odor is too heavy, it overpowers me," and the pushed thl'remaninig blossoms from her .lap. "-;. . ertrlrde," said sord Castlemaine, igor. ing thire Suppose we have some one invited to the abbey.' I am away about the estate a. great deal, and you seem not to care about horseback riding as you once did; you are lonely: why not invite some friende.' " It is your home," said Gertrude, coldly; "invite whom you choose." "ButI want the company as you choear," said Lord Castlemaine. "Itis foryour seoe, I was vcry happy last; year, "theo'we were heoroaloneo; but now I think you need some one to aeusea yo." S" Understand," said Gertrude, clearly, " that I will invito no one here. You havr found muoh fault with my choice of acquaint. ances, and have asserted a right to give moe lorders as to how. I el.pll treat peoploe that I moet. If I should ntsi any one, it might bhanen that you were not pleased, and I shodld expose guests to unpleasanteesr." ".You have never found. me lacking in eourtesy or hospitality. When we agree upon a gudst, ?ou know rty house and atlen. tion are at their disposition." " When we aplre," said GOrtrnde. '" That; is, I may go to you, and say; ' Da you per.;: 1mit me to ank such a one? May I maki euch a friend? May I speak to thisone?" :Clearly, then, I make no friends, and give no"? .invitations on sunbch terms." :"Gortrude, why vill you misond.retiandn me? You know I.never, but in one iuatlea,. interfered in the slightest.degree with yros social life. And'that was where interferenee was imperatively needful, and where I was in a much better position to judge than yes were. Colonel Lennox was a veriy ha man." "Yes, a wretohed parvenue, lacking, as I do, somo fifty known ancestors in a straight line behind him. fHlowever, 'I prefer not to dieouss Colonel Lennoz with you. By yeor jealousy, in London, you have mad ne e .mark for envious tongues. We eho)ed narrv agree, on that question; why contlonue ill Among all my fullts, 1 have one virtue. I hate all censoriousness and unoharitib's speaking of those who are not at hand to de. tend themselves." She rose, and stopped out on the balcony. The moon had risen and flooded the abbtl gardeni with sifer. light. Johnson, the head gardener, was pasrlng a broad walk. " Johlson I" cried Lady Csatiemnaie, "y?o? told me that the true time to see the Amertess 'Yuooa was by moonlight; you may nowahor it to me." She ran doiwn the flight of steps and jlint the gardener, who," respeotfully steippig l few paces behind her, todicalted the as t. the new flower, which wasethat summer he chief pride. ,BSik at heart: rnd rstlles in soul, In. Castlemaino'also went down the terrace a followed'at a distanco. Ilie wife made hle aunspeakably miseranlo, yet he could ao endure to have her out of his sight. The fast was, GeOtrudo had loved Iadoe!l Castlemaine with all her heart, as her fi1 love; but heors was untatoro, untried gei^ heart, had though eudolph had never I0 before,he was older, and of mlore settled ,xpriencedoemotions, and his love for ehin ? was far more intense and deeply rootaed l" hers for him. I dy Castlemaino and Icr gird.tcr to narrow path, and aome to the Amel Yucca. It grow alone, in a smnll tircl d with a close cut border of thic.ly gr artillery plant. Within this ciriol et of flmefl-ccked green rotR the yucca in a Bvo feet in di metr r of wide green l 1v back one above tLie other, until their points touched the earlh fronm vait grew. Oat of tuhi natural basket p1t shaft of the plnut to a htiitlht ofl oiht and thin ehaft for fully live feet w\ao a of anow-whito bloom-great belle, a ir of alabaoter, the lower flwcr.teol rtis longet and morst heavily lndeu, until whole wae a pyranmll of poetrl.vhilt fooded by loh white lihbt of tho moUl, "Saw you ever the like, my il?,l the ecstati Johneon . ,I dil not s~sAJI rco it until every flower-bell weas oePr here it stands alone under the moon", great whito ghost, or a beauttlftt white angel of flowers in the milda garden." "You are poetic, Johoson," stlI Castlemain. "Eh, my lady? Well, it iis at a stir a man's soul. And, my Its, back horo as I am, I cannot telt much your ladyship is like th fir your white gown, iNy lady, ana wte height, etanding there a illl,ou o like the yucca, my lady." ,t "Thanks for the compliment, asia Lady Castlemtino. "I " .ool years to come, when the yucca hl' 'O come here to sao it, and you will v me like the flower." r " May tbo Lord eend yoru man' 1i0 -come Into the gardon, my lad. O e yucca-at least, hereo in R'nA , it given one sch perfect bloom as tl blooms again~ o be b intt d) " 461. 