SUPERNATURAL MUSIC. Darby, in Delaware county, just on the borders of Philadelphia, has. the New York Times says, a sensation. The village lock-up is haunted by queer-looking spectres, and the excitementcauEed by the Sharpless murder Las given way to the discovery made by Policeman CaftoU, who went to the village lock-up the otlier night and was almost paralysed at the apparition he saw in the second story of the dungeon keep. It was in the shape of a gha&tly; old man, who was playing on a flute bc-lcrgiug to the Darby Flute and Drum Corps, which tip to the night of this discovery had made nyht liideous in the second story of Darby's little gaoi. The discovery of ghosts in the lock-up has had the effect of causing villagers to keep indocrs at night, and those who venture out after dark go about well arrced. Policeman Carroll Li the solitary officer who constitutes the force of Darby. He stalks the lonely roads and lanes at night. He is the chief of police, lieutenant, sergeant, and patrolman of the Darby police. As he said, he is the whole Darby police foive. He aUv> eaid:—" I don't believe iv ghosts nor in signs or dreamt?, but about 11 o'clock the other night I was walking up IN'eiv-street thinking about the Sharpless murder, and on the look out for long-nosed negroes. After I put out the light at Uidgeaveuue I walked over to the lockup. She night was dark. When I got to the lock-up I beard somebody playing on a flute. The flute and drum corps I knew were not practising, ard I couldn't account for the music It was music, too. * Climbing up the Golden Stairs' was the tune. I kucw the flute and drum corps couldn't play that, and I began to shiver. I braced up, and drawing my club with one hand and my re volver with the other mounted the stairs leading to the band-room over the lock up. I fiist peeped through the keyhole, and there, sitting on the big drum, I saw a little old man with funny big eyes and a great bigmouth, and crooked legs, playing on a flute. J never heard such music. You could go hun gry for a week to hear such ir.usic The longer I looked at the queer-looking man the bigger fais-eyes got. Suddenly I fell against the door and made a- noise. The niusic stopped, and vhen I looked through the keyhole again he (the man) had vanished. I've heard the flute every night since, but I stay down the street and Jieten to it. It's the greatest mystery I ever knew of/ The Darby Flute and Drum Corps have not visited their practising-room since the night of policeman Carroll's discovery. The policeman ia known throughout Darby as a sober, conscientious man, and the story of the spook in the village lock-up is generally believed from one end of Darby to the otner. Harry Jamison said that other spooks have been seen in Darby within a week. Jamison is a mfllanan, and declares that a figure wrapped in white stopped his horse the other night on the Darby road. When Jamiaon got ont of his waggon with a club the figure vanished. 