AMEEICAN TOTES. I [New York Tribune^ ST. BE XiESSEPS' BIRTHDAY. Paris, Nov»19.—M- dp Lesseps pelebrated tie eightieth birthday to-day. He received mapyprpsents. AM the foreign apibaseadors «nfi prominent persons in PariB visited him an4 paid thpir respects, and ex-Empress Epgenie apd the Jibedife of JSgypt telegraphed their congratulations. M* de LpssepB is cpn • fidpnt tijat he -jrill live to saij through the Manama Canal. Be has not jet fixed the date of bis departure for Panama to inspect l tbP wprk <jn the panal, Bays tb^t he wil} ptsrfc sopp. C0-QPE£AXIOK ON 4: JjABffE SCAIiE. Tpjedp, ObiOj Noy. 16.—The annpjinpemept inade to-night that William j. F»pley, the largest ipdiriduaj brpwer in Ohio, bss decided tp incprpprafe his business under a capital stopk of £800,000, pperhsif pf which Jip Trill give to lijs hundred or pipre employes. IjEfe is onp of the wealthiest residents here, apd proposes now lp hplp the meft who stood by Mm and helped bun papn bis wealth Every employe and all bis agents scattered over the country wijl bepofnp stockholders, be a-etainpig pne-h^lf himself, Th's is tbe most extensive co-pppratirp sphemp in the country, and ope fbst Wi?l bp )fcatpl|ed with gfe^fc interest. ywp 1IEK PEVOUB^P BY "VfOLVES. Helena, Mont., Noy. 19.—James Dempsey, yrho reaphed ibis city last night ftoin Fort MpGHpnis, says that his two companions were devoured by wplyeB while pn their way across lbe mountains. Their names were John Hoag and Jacpb Schpllpf. Dempepy climbpd 3, tree and S9.W his ppippanipns fojra to pieces apd devoured. HE pSBp A pQX op DTiTAJIITE JOB A BILLOW. Allentown, Ppnn., Npy. 1$.—Jpsepb Snyder, engineer at Harper-a qparry, a short distapce from here, lay dpwp in thp boilpr bouse early ibis morning using a box of dynamite for a pillow. At 3 o'clopk the neighborhood was awakened by ap explosion. Snyder's body •was fopnd a hundred feet away torn nearly to pieces; Thp engine-bpuse, engine, apd stack were completely wrecked. lATAXLY HEIGHTENED BT A GHOST. Mrs. Dena Quere, forty years ojd, who is %ha jaoitresB of thp building 2fo. 189 North Third-street, went to an upper story in the bouse last night- She carried a lighted lamp in her hand, apd whpn she fetched tbp unop pupied floor she thpught that she saw the apparition pf a woman whom she knew and ■^ho died a few shpit wpfks ago: With a ' shriek she dropped the lamp, and fell back ward d°wn thp stairs. When picked up shp "Wfls pppppspious. The apibpl^.npe surgeop dispoyprpd tbftt Jjer skull was (raptured and her wrist brpkep. She was takpn to St. Catha rine's Hospital, and is ppt expected to livp. pEfEEpA^IOlf COIflEOW*S pAND. Denypr, Npyeinbpr 1Q.—Colprow with four teen lodges apd §00 ponies is pamped on the Tampa Siyer, twenty-five milps above Cross Mounteip. They bprped the cattle ranges along the trail, leaving 75,000 cattle without food. "Thp Indians are slaughtering tlipu sapds of elk, deer, find antejopp for their hides, leaving their carpasses to rot. The settlers are Wild over tbp destruction of tbe gamp apd tbe ranges, apd have assembled and •will order Cplorow to leave the region. In pase of § refuse}, ft general extermination is expected. The Indians $re well supplied with ?iflea apd ammunition. TPE IS PAKADA. Montreal, Ifoveipber 10.—Tlie indignation pmong English-speaking people at the action qf the polipe ip allowing French-Canadian 3npbs to take possession pf the streets as tliey have been doing for the last three nights is great; Several alderman waited upon Jfean pette, chairman of the Police Commission, regftrdipg the matter, and he instructed thp Chief of Pplice to take measures tp suppress disorder. McGrill University stpdents pur posed to burn Kiel |u effigy to-night, but better oonnsels prevailed. lour young men, Wardlow, Ayptdfl, Cpiraps, apd Fiske, were brutally bpatep by a portion of the mob in iTanips-street last pight, Arpton being severely bruised ftbopt the head and Wardlow having his ar?p h^okeS- Frenph-Canadijins and Irish Cath plies piet this afterpoop tp appoint a popiputtep to draft resolutions tp bp submitted to ap opep air-pieeting op Sunday. The meeting was a large and influential one. early every French-Canadian of npte was prpsent. Addresses werp made by several piembprs pf Parliament, each of whom ap puspd the Government of Irving wilfully depeived l^em by pretending that they were going to apppint a medical commission to declare $iel ipsape, while they had already promised thp Orapgemen that he would die. They-pledged themselves and p'her members to ijtrpdyce a vote of want of confidence in the Government as scon as the session opened, air. Quinn, a leading Irish IjLWJpr, $sspred the meetipg tbat they had the cordial sup pprt of the Irish Catholics of Montreal. A final meeting of the Riel Defence Com mittee was held to-night, over 1,000 being prcsppt- Affer the meeting a mob formed in psopession apd piarphed along Craig-street shouting and singing. They were intending to march to Dominion Square, but oq arrive ing at Cole-street the Mayor drove up in a Carriage, w^pn Dan Durand, one of the liberal leaders, addressed the mob in French, and warned thpm not to go to the West End, for there was a bpdy of young Englishmen Waiting at Victoria Square to attack them. The nipb shouted that they were pot afraid of the English, but within five minutes they had dispersed. St. Paul, Minn., November 19.—A Begina dispatch to The Pioneer JTress says .*—" Thp \\),ody of ^jouis $iel was buried to day by Father Andre in the vault undernpath the Church of the Immaculate Conception and a guard placed over the remains. The pere pionial was simple and impressive." £JVT,eja TTftrh Times]. TA?®ir PBQ1I (JOAi AND SHOT. Spuvta, ffa., Tfp.y- 26.—A^out midnight last pight a hand of masked p^ep rode up to the Haupppk County Goal, aroused the goaler, and demanded the keys. Upon being refused they wrested the keys fram him, opened the doors, apd took out A^eck Ethridgp, a | colored xaan. ^Eogptipg the epmtming prisoner on a horse, tbey galloped off rapidly ip the direction pf fjintop. Parties who camp here to-day from t^at direction r< pjrt that they heard a lively fusillade of shiVjuns abput 3 o'clock this morning. It is supposed that they shot the prisoner and threw his body into onp pf the preeks. X'ast fall Eth"'idge was sus pected pf several burglaries npar Liuton. The daughter of a lpadipg planter awokpone night and saw Etbridge in her ropm. She screamed •when he jumped fiptm the window in thp epzond stpry and, falling upp.n the ground, arose and ran to the woods under a shower of shot from tb,e male members pf t^e family who bad been awakened. He was subsequently paught and epnt to the lpnatic asylum, whence, he espaped last week. He was piQtnp.tlj arrested on his arrival hero and put in gpal. Threats were (reply made that he would h.e jyiiphoi. FINED TOS. 8AJIJBJlT& ?SEAKIN(J. Ottawa, Ifoy. 26.—Five L$rbers were fined by a polipe paagistratp here to-day for pro fanation pf the Sabbath by following their, palling on that day. (fhe magistrate said that printers and telegraph operators, unless workr ing for the GoifernBLppt, were liable to a simi lar pepalty. THE BQ£M£$G APACHES. Darning, New-Mexico, Nov. 26: — The Federal trppps continue to make fruitless efforts tp. chepk roaming Apaches in New Mexico^ I/iput. Wren, with 10 men from. Fort Bliss, has gone to Diggers, New-Mexico. He has instructions tp intercept the hostile?, and if pocsible, with the foree under him,pre vent their return to the San Carlos Iteser vatiou. Detachments are stationed at other points, but it is npt expected that any good •pill be dpnp. It is net probable either that the arrival of Gen. Sheridan will have a good effect, as hisl report shows that he believes 11 the Crook method of warfare, and the citizens place faith ip nothing but the lopal military organization and the Arizona scalp towards. An organised movement will be ipade to get Gen. Sheridan to advise that the Indians be mpv.'d from thp San CgrloB Reser vation to Indian Territory. [iVew York Serafd.3 8IX CpmraEN JN NEWAB? ^ITJEN A DOB SITpFOSEp TO ?E MAD. The numbpr pf phildren bitten in the streets of Newark by the big black dog which, as was related in the Herald, yesterday, appeared to be suffering from rabies, is fnucli larger than was at first supposed, and a hydrophobia papie prevails in the sections of thp pity through Tyhipb it is Jinown to hare passed. To save thp phildren from thp horrors of death frqm. hydrophobia it is proposed to send them to Pa?i§ fpr treatment by J>r f&stepr.; The greatest excitement existed yesterday, particularly in. the Fifth ward, q,nd people were afraid to venture out of their bouses, for it vfasknowp that many 4ogs had beei) bitten, and it was feared that some of them might be seized by the dreadful jnalady, Several prpminpnt citizens c$Upd upQP Mayor IJaynes and requested him to issue a proclamation ordering all dogs in the city to be muzzled, find autlipriging the police tp shoot those which Tfere not Jf the Mayor should not issue the procla mation requiring the shooting of all dpgs found running at large without muzzles it is probable that the citizens will take the mat ter iptp their own bands. Sight dogs which we?e bittpn werp shot yesterday. Two of them were valuable hunting dogs. The police wpre full J alive to the situation, apd Ofijcer MpMapas was spnt through the Fifth ward with instructions to poison all suspected animals. He encountered many difficulties, and several owners of pets threatened to shoot him. FEEBLE BEYOLT IK CTT^A. Havana, Dec. 3, 1885.—A military officer and eight subordinates in the district of Manicaragua, Province of Santa Clara, at tempted to incite a revolt, crying " Viva la Jlepublica!" Troops were sent in pursuit, and so far one of the men hps been killed, two have surrendered and seven hprepa have been captured. 