RECONCILIATION; OR, TUE GHOST OF HENDERSON PLACE. niT nELsN LUQUEER. A ppor old woman lay dying in a great, darkoned, gloomy house in a lonely country place, surrounded by vast fields, verdant meadows, prandl old woods,'and purling streams. " ! Though those possessi6ns,'vast and valuable, belonged to Mistress Ijonder .son, yot-in thoe strongest acceptation of the- term she was poor, for not a single dollar could she take whither Sho was going, nor could she purchase a longer lease of lifo. So as she lay goapiog away her health anid fighting death, she asked in a querulous voice : "Betty, am I to dio thus, alone? SfasI no one come yet !" S"No," answored the old servant. 4"There is no one who sliould be here. I am alone. But you wore always hard, and, death being so near, it oseem s if your heart should soften, leastwise towards that poor, mis guided child." "Hush, I command you!" ox claimed the old creature, whose face looked so gray and sunken in the light of the flickering, fire on the hearth. "Well, a body may think and pray, I s'pose, even it they can't t.-lk." .Botty sottled her large bordered cap more firmly upon her head, pro paratdry to passing the night mn a Sgroatarm chair by the bedside of her ,mistress, and where she had kopt i many along and lonoly watch. 'Then, noticing that tho sick woman hid drifted into one of tlhe fitful slumbers characteristic of weakness; ahe tiptoed out of the room and down into the large kitchen, whore a stout negress was proparing a bowl of broth for the invalid, sho being tlh only, real servant, for Betty, from long service, had risen to be housekcoper and confidanto. "Ii Il How you scare a body,' exclaimed tho nogross, springifg ,to her foot and wavingm a hugo wooden spoon a aa weapon.of defence. "Clar for it, Inobbor bar ye2 a-comin." S'h" That is becauso you keep up such 'an everlasting singing, Chloo.- You don't suppose I am to go about knock mng over chairs or ringing bells to lot you know I am coming, do you ?"'' '"No, Missus Betty, in course not. But does you s'poso a body am jus4 gwnmo tor sot heah a lifetime listonih'i tor thar wind till doy am. clar gon \- crazy. Don dom ar star croak like umnbody war a-comin' down, and I got scart an tink maybe do olo missius an * dun gon' dead an her ghost am tramlpin' rouri, so I jist sings for company like, and-" i " Never mind now, Chloo.' All you have to do is to bring up the tea and gruol. Then you are to go andl watch for the stage from the sitting' room window.' But first put a lamp in the hall, for it is getting dark." " Does yor tiik Miss Sophi '11 cuam tor night, sartin shu ?" "I .hopo so. Sho'll be tired if shd does,' and 'when you see the stagd coming, open the door; be quick, ad she won't disturb her auiit by ringiin' the bol!l" :. , ". , " es 'em. . But ddesn'' ydr 'tink its a cruel shame ter put the po chile in the John do Baptis' room "Novdrrmind. That is the orders .of the mistress. Have you lighted a fire there, as I told you ?" "Sartin I did, but I wouldn't sleep in dat ar room for nothin'." "Do. just as I.havo told you,"' was tho~ atting injunction of Betty as Blsh strode out of the kitchen and back to hor vigil by the side of the sluibering in v a lid . . ,' . : The' eondorson miansion was situated so far from the main road that the only announcement 'of the arrival of tho stage was conveyed by' the lamps/upon either side, and the clauging of the heavy iron, gate that' :adnitted the slight form of Sophia ,Herbert, who, hastily, and with trembling stops, traversed the long gravolled walk. She was mot upon the broad verandah by the watchful Chloo, who exclaimed under her breath: " Do Lor bross yur, honey, but I'so mity glad tor see yer. Clim right long inter do kitchen. Taking the satchels from the hands .of the girl she led the way, muttering as she went: I" Dai ain't no place else tor takd yor, honey. Dar am rooms by do 7dzoon, but doy am all shot up, an' whien I goso by do do', 'pears like doy amijcss like so many tombstones, 'clar if doy don't. 'Now you joss cotdown, Miss Sophie, an' I'll gib yor a cup ob tea.an' a bite of supper." " How is Aunt Jauo ?" queostioned the girl, sinking into a chair by the kitchen hearth, where bubbled and sang the tea-kettle and the gruel in company. .. " "ho am ]ess driftin' like out ob do worl'.. Do doctor says she may lib weeks, and she may die mos' any time."• : ' " Poor Aunt Jano! I amsoglad I arrivod while she is still living. To think of her dying without kith or kin near her in this great, lonely hoduid was terrible, and 1 started the moment I received the message." " Well,. honey, yer joss sot down now.' Dar a bit ob cole chicken an' asui. jolly and biskit." S. The old creature bustled' around, glad there was a young appetito !to i satisfy and a sweot .young preoence to break the dreary monotony of life at'the Henderson place. After supper was finished old Chloe led the girl up stairs, past the closed door of the sick room, and upon tiptoo and whispering: " Do missus haint tu know yre is lhah till morning', for she'd git e: cited an" woulln't sleep a single' wink. I'so powerful sorry, Miss Sophie, but 'die room am whar yor Aunt Jane .said we war' tor put ycr.'' SI think it is very nice, Chloe, so quiet and old fashioned," and the girl glanced around at the high post cano pied bed, tall chests of drawors with .,ita f%6val mirror, tho straight r.'b ihdiis and ottomans worked *with?'i,"' devices. 'WI?sBs alled do John do Bapt;s' y, case it am pictured out dciem curtilngs. and it pears om dead heads war workin' diar eycs an' winkin' at mo, an' dat olo wicked king dat dua chopt 're off jess looks likM he'd dun gon' cracy for mo' folkltcr kill.'' Sophio laughed as the old creature squatted upon tho hearth and poured out her superstitions. " 'Pars to me I couldn't sleep in dis room nohow, Miss Sophie, but don dar haint much tor choose in dis olo house. It am all ailent -.ad empty since do old misss- turned- out ob do's all dem what was to be heirs. Dar haint no light an' music any mo' an' I hab wondered an' wondered ober an' ober. again if she. pects tor be fergibon b do good Lor' an' marched inter hobben, :and she so hard an' cruel ter her own flesh an' blood." " Hush, Chloo. It is riot right to speak in that manner of so kind a mistress as Aunt Jane has always boom to you." . " Wal, she nuff sight better bin a littlohardoron ole Ohloe, an'letup sum on po' Oscar. But den she an' Betty am bof so sot in thar ways. Now only do udder night do bell ring an' do big chinoy platter tumbled down an' brake itself all tor smash an' dar war nobody nor nutliin' noah. An' does yor know that olo missus says I was keorloss an' didn't sot it up good *ai' it war do mice dat ring do bell. But I knowed bettor. It war do ghost ob. do olo massa suah, an I specks ho'll keep, it up until she gibe in 'bout SOscar." "Ifush! exclaimed Sophieo,laugh ing. " Go to bod now, Chloo, and put all such thoughts out of your mind. I am not one bit superstitious, but you malco nmoe norrous." " Wal, honey, I thought I'd jess tell yo, so dnt year hIea any noises you'd know what doy bo. De dog may howl an' sonmetin' may cum tip tippiug at yor winder, but yor must. aes cubbor up yer head an put yor hands obor yor broest like or cross,: an' say yor prayers, an' nuthin' kin hurt yor. It am do olo missus, he am arter, sualt." "I shall riot bd:ifraid; Chloe, of any of the things :youu' meotti6i for thls lonely house is in the keeping of God, and nothing can happen to thloso who abido under tldo"shdodbWlokf" His wing. Thoro is no place so dirkI that His presence will not illumine it. We have only to put 'out of mind those miserable fancies and trust Him to care for us." ' -' "Don't I den ?' Doesr -er'tinii,' ise Sophie, I'd hab stade heah all dose long nights wid all dose noises- agoin' on an' nobody ter speak tor but Botty, of it wasn't for do presencoh ob do ood Lor ? No, iudeedy." The old creature arose, took her candle and went shuffltiig to her roomz a trifle indignant that her faith had leondonbted, aild minttering to her ;slf : ' "Wunder if dona 'Pisconals tink dojy is de only pious 'folk? Donlt dis chile know ems I ,Tar'sde olo missus, who takes all her 'ligion out in forty day's fasting, and thou sits down to hatin' her own chile joss as: comfort able as if she war or forgibin saint Dey neeil'nt anyiif dar talk ter me.'1 S:Weary with her journey,,. Sphid immediately . retired and was soo asleep, to awakess aIfter s time wit;h sense of awo odread as undefined were the shsdtld hich t2he flickering firelight made orerthe grotesque eu r4 'tains that pisrtiatly shrouded the be 1j wie~eo'tlie antidjeo formns glared arid stirred in a stnrange manner. Th'e filmy eyds 'in th~: charger sooeemedl net;ually alive, as Chloe had said; to dilate wilth anguish, and thle heavy lidei to move, while3 tlihe cruelilivid face-of Ilerodias appeared to flash as if gloat ·ing over her poor:victiim. Wide awanke now, and withl eyes i fixed as if fascinated upon thei tapestry, sore 0 iinites passsed before sheo became conscious of a rustling sound in tlse direction of tlhe tall bureau, and as her eyes wandered thither she di:stinctly saw at form out liied aigainstis the massivepiece of fur niture. SThen'theor( was another sound, as if papers had bIoen, crushed in a nervous hand, and' iat the. moment the fire drboped into semi-darkness, and the shadows deo pened into almost impene trable gloou 1. With sub dued-breath the frightened girl lay unt il a,new flame darted into life and eveoaled to her that who or whatever !hadi been the presence, it had silentl' and mystoriouslyvanished. But sleelp was banished for the re mainder df the night,.so the girl arose, lighted a. lamp, dressed herself'-lnd prepared to.'sit out) thej hours until dawn. PTresontly, however, the dodr opened 'and the white face of olil Boetty alipeared. " Coiae"' she said, '.-"your: tAunt Jane is very bad: and has asked for you. . ?3u why are you dressed child? Have youanot been asleep ? " Sopihie explained that she 'had grown nervous and had arisen ,fter but a few hours of slumber. T.getherthey hastened to tho bed side of tlie dying woman. "You have come, and not too late.. God be thanked, 'to-" she g;asped and then paused, as from a choking sensation. " Yes, I mn here, Aunt Jan.oe,' fid; toredthe girl,. ,andi am:ready to. do anything you may desire." "I--l-am glad, for I have much to say and so little stitongthl left,' wa? .hiucd.e : aunty, before it is too late, forgive my cousin Oscar." "Troublemo .noi," and the old woman eighed heavily. "IoE waf E thy only child, and, ,notwithstading all my iildulgenice and my prayers, ihe forfeitcd both my confidenco and re 'spect; by-by--" Shoe hesitatod, as if her wind wait-. dered, while old Chloe (who had been' summoned) was sitting crouched in her favourito attitude, with ?ie gray turbaned head resting upon her kneeIs, muttbrcd : "l)at's do trouble. Polks piys a heap too:much; aund 'spocts de Lor' mn gwine ter do all der lickin'. If oleo missus had dun some ou it her own self, dat ar boy wouldu't bal bin so wild an' onruly." "'WeVo have erred and strayed from Thvways like lost sheep. We have followed too muichl the devices and do sires of our own hearts,'" quoted Sophie, in low, trembling tones, "and Oh, Aunt Jane, can you or I say we stand any more sinless in the eyes of our ]Master and Judgo than he whom you condemn " "If thou, oh Lord, should'st mark iniquity, who could stand?" added Be~ty. " Jtould yo plead for him, the felon? IHe who wore the prison garb ?" questioned the old woman. " Dear aunt, in the heat of passion hio took lifo, but dearly diabhe repent and suffer for it; aid;, aunt, if· an avenging law could pardon and set him free, could not you and I as well ?" "He consorted with gamblors and thieves, else he would not have been tempted," sobbed the old mother. " But it is too late now. I wish I might' see his face once more. Yet it is best as it is. Into yqur;, hands, Sophie, the ?enderson property will ises, andit will not be wasted. I have willed overything .to you; my child."' ".Then,,aunt, it will all bo .his, for I-I-love my cousin Oscar bettoer than life." "You! Are you. mad? You love him ?" "Yes; even in prison, whore LI often went to comforthim, Ipromised to be-be-hlise-wife."' ," Did he ask this of you, child ?" "No. My heartwent out to him in despite of myself, and in an. un guarded moment he learned my love and 1 gave him the promise." " The will of God is stronger :tlhan mine. I cease to struggle against it. Tell him his old mother for--for giVOes." " Tell. hilm yourself!' " oxclaimnd Betty... - ,She crossed the room, opened a door leading to another of the suit oe-r cupied by her mistress, and a moment. later, to the surprise of Sophio and: the conisternation of old Chloe, Oscar HIenderson was kneeling by the side. of his dying mother. His handsome. face was bowed down upon the one cold, white hand, while with the othori she gently droer Sophie to his side, and immediately the strong arm of tihe son encircled her trembliu? form. "She is an angel, mother,'' he said,: "and her love'has saved sme. When every other creature cast me off, she clung to and cared for me." "Idesorve. your reproach, my boy. I have over been a proud woman, yielding only th"-the pleadings of' charity and affebtioei"vhen at theodoori of death. But .I freely forgive you, myson. Wilttli6uforgive me' " " Dat am do'right kind o' talk," ex-~ claimed old Chloo, sobbing aloud. "I. knowed do ole massa keep haunitiis'dod house til) he fetched missus' hard heart." " Hush,; you idiot," comnmanded In a broken:and .faint voice tho I dying woman eontinted: "In the west chamber, called John' that Baptist's robm,in the top drawer' of the bureau you will find my will. Go and bring it.Betty.". " O mistress, I, too, beg your par don," sobbed the woman. "What do yoUmean, Betty ?'" "I could not bear to see this d~ear eoy wlhom' I si'uishlwhmeii a baby pulit out of his own and I-I destroyed the will.. od forgive meif it was a sin . "Whoa did you did 'this ?.' que:J tiioned the woman, alnos't?t?nly. "'This Tcery right. Istoiob 'into thi chamber where Sophie' was sleeping:-. and .by the aid of the firelight foun. 'tiho apb-Z 'iknew whero it was kept -ant burned it." "'Great heaven! P'ejiclated th6 fa" iiiiakre"diffrenc, mother. I shall iiot 'oclidti the property on the sacrifice my.sweet cousin would make in liixking her' life 'to mine,'' interl iiipttd herion, lifting his face to the devouring eyes. of his repent;ant mother. "I came here two weekr; sinu:isid: have bebii.~"kindly secreted and cared for- by.faithful old Be~y(~' asking only tobe near you, and hoping and.i praying"for thr holi:i to: come when you would receive and forgivi "Kili!i " mentlly exclaimed Chlool "dat's who di- 'brako do chinoy platter and"wenn t 'atramplin' about do ole house at.alt hours ob do nite;. Neberdeless, doole massa had a hand iii rSt it nd make:de ddg howl and de bellsaring; yes, indeedy." .:.,. I Notwithstanding thegenerous resoe lution of OscH Ioclorson, he was induced to take possession of his own by right ;of .:law, after .receiving the dying blessing of his mother, her full forgiveness and sanction to the mat riage'oirith his cousin. And this alp appeared to'lay the ghosttof.the iou dorson mansion, and when Chloe told' the story to her now fellow-servants, she always added: "In course datr Hmint no speerits :wanderin' now, caso old massa hant. no call ter.'go? o rampagin' about spookirin' do missusa;for of he's gdti anythin' agin hor, dey kin jiss hab it Sout faco to face whar doy is." * Always .brings down the house.-A cyclone. It isthe mai, wite the .dark beard who nover snys dyeo ' The laundrs's daily soliloquy: "Aye, there's the rub." SDried, apple" parBtie are:said: to be very swell afairs I A tilider, isentiment, prevals- among 'match manuafacturerr . . : An exchange o'has the heading' [Peaio, ndot War." Now did anybody ever say it iwas ." : Some men are like eggs. Yos can't tbll lwhether they arc good cr bad:until thiey arebrok " " SIn diveouri they opalk birass band con cert a success when the leade sr capes with his lifo, . "A' soft answrer turneth- aay: wratlh; ergo, a nxas should snite his enemiesawith a stuffed.club- . Thoenman who cai write love letters witl?i out making an-ass of himself has kept tlhe 'mattet:very quiet.: ' , A. A woman'may not be.able. to sharpen .a Spencil or thirow d stone: at. a he. 'but 'she can pack 'more articles ina-trunk than, a man:can in'a onc-horse~hoagon.. i ' A floeating item refers-to acertaia 2itan 'sra 'a bachelor. with long hair and goodi habits.' ' A married man with leonghair .antd bad habits would hare a rough time of it. \- :With a popuslation of 300,000;000, China has 'not a single pauper. 'This is easily explained by-the fact that all the Chinese paiupers cbme to this country, says a Cali fornian paper; iA ttrcet cat orings the hiughtiest man down to a ncommon level. Particularly if it starts suddenly, before thehiaughty one hla had time to pick out his seat. Tee ratretst Gabert isrssu Laceir in tie miriket is luisoburg Stock Bier. Dalton Broes., scstls. ADvT. Pcolse in oar health should drink Van Tellmats Shlsiupj.s, snd by su'aiins good spirits 'iuto thse. selves 5nt theumselves is gsoospiruts.--Adet. As for UrJao Bi'S., tirnwserrl asdi hose" berr Jamel--AD rr, 