CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, October 14. A strong wind was blowing this morning, but notwithstanding there was a large muster of spectators on the course to witness the final gallops of the Cup horses. An early start was made. It was rumored that the western district horses, Jim Cain and Little John galloped in company over the Cup distance at daybreak, and that the latter had his younger brother in difficulties at the finish. Kenneth went long slow work. Ben Bolt started off for a mile gallop, Chuckster assisting the Cup candidate for the first part of the distance, and War field the last half-mile. Ben Bolt is rather a lazy customer in work, and re quires a great deal of riding. The time occupied was fair. Western slipped along a mile with Lady Ashton. The Loafer circled a couple of rounds, doing good strong work. Bonnie Lad and his stable companion brushed along the sand. Louisa Berta was given a good useful pipe-opener. Highland Chief travelled a round on the grass, the Derby candidate Blondin bringing him along the last mde. Carnarvon and: Retort finished a useful round on the sand, Ellington and Toronto put in useful work on the grass. The former looks and goes well. Crown Brand was sent eight or nine furlongs at a good stiidingpace,.LandSharkdoinggood useful work on the sand. Cricket and Pateena performed satisfactory work on the tan. The Tasmanian pair, Clarendon and Young Horatio, traversed a round on the grass; the latter, who had a good start of his companion, finishing in front. SUvermine was the next to take possession of the grass, and was dis patched for a good serviceable working gallop. Starting from the half-mile post of the course proper in company with Bonnie Doon and the Chanter, he rattled along until six fur longs from home was reached, when the latter pair were eased, and Sirocco finished with the Cup candidate, who completed the fastest round of the morning, pulling up fresh as paint. Zeno moved along the grass doing useful exercise. He seems to have donea lot of work. Epicurean, who is furnishing into a nice horse, had Mia Mia for a companion for four furlongs, Goodwood, Stag, and Mistake, did healthy exercise, and Newrr aster traversed nina fur longs at a good pace, having Little Jim for a companion for the first four furlongs, and Gas burner during the latter part of the journey. The son of Newmaster went very strong. Greculas and Urius were given an extender on the grass, and Waiter, Norman, and Victor worked on the tan. St. Albert bowled along the grass, and Uncas pottered along the sand, Carnival and Nectarine "running a sharp five furlongs. Bohemian, looking fresh and well, put in two strong rounds on the tan. Berkley and Cadland Blipped over five furlongs in fair time. Footman, Albanus, and First Pop were separately treated to strong work on the tan. Milktream and Grace Darling completed a circle of useful work; the former was a bit fractious. The Ghost and Gadfly ran a merry six furlongs, the former showing to advantage at the finish, Mustang covered six furlongs in good style. Moonlight strode along on the tan. The King brushed along- on the tan, and Glenworth and Lady Lovel ran smartly home from the four-furlong post. 