CHRISTMAS TIME STV THE SNOW LAND. \--5-, It is the day before Christmas. Snow everywhere I Clean, cold, fleecy snow. All yesterday it fell in feathery patches till it made a mantle and a crown for everything. The same old snow that has fallen in its silent fashion since the clouds began to gather, the wind to blow, and the stars to rain fire. AS if the genius of the weather were putting the frost heaps through the threshing-machine of nature, and scatter- ing the white chaff in scorn upon the world, so has it fallen. And the children have watched it half-sad, they know not why, and the old soon have shaken their heads to think of how the frosts of so many winters have fallen on their hair and made it like to silver. And somehow that quietly falling snow has brought a certain calm with it. But when the white curtains have fallen completely, and the sun-god looks out on his dominions, they are arranged as a bride for her marriage. _ Out in the country the white petals are piled up in a heap against the fences, and block-the barn doors, and have put a great night-cap on the straw- stack. The fields are shining seas of pure white, and the maple trees that stretched out their gaunt arms as if praying for the spring-time are garmented as with carded wool. Upon the housetops it lies like a pad of ararat. and the woodpile has a coverlet to hide its nakedness. The little snow birds " peep peep " on the frozen clothes line in the back garden, and the horses and cows, shaggy in the rough winter hair, shake the white patches loosely from them, or standing sleepy content and let them' more upon their steaming hacks. Beside the quiet farmhouse some plump red-faced boys make cannon balls of white, and hurl them at each other with the force of catapults. Some lie down in the yielding softness, and with their bare hands batter and knead it like dough ; but two chubby barbarians make battle, and one goes under and the other goes over, and Upper scrubs Under's face with this frost-flour, and how the water to icicles down the collar and in the hair! Hornblo? Not at all. I have done it a hundred times, and have been under too, and would be glad in this fervid Southern Christmas to do it again, though I am no longer a boy. How the face singles, and how the spirit of revenge rises, and how, hot as furnaces, down become! But, Thou ! tim is but a " Mockery King of Snow, and I am but a vain dreamer after all. Inside the house the hired girl is making mince pies and " trollies "-the pudding has been made for weeks -and the youngest of the family rubs his nose against the edge of the table, and smears his face with flour. Little Jack! Already his stocking is hung behind the big stone beside the dried apples and pans of huckloborries, and he will be up before daylight to find it to-morrow. And it will be jammed full of rock candy and sugar popcorn balls, a horse and cart, a whistle, and a wooden deer on Wheels. and outside to the too will be tied a new pair of Shoes. All of which, with heaps of other things, old Santa Claus is bringing home now in the sleigh from town. The whole house smells, feels, looks like Christmas even to the twigs of spruce set up in the corner and about the picture frames. Along the country road are scores of laughing loads of travellers going to and from town, and as they pass each other exchange a "Merry Christmas," two words that have made and do make so many hearts warm that are rigid enough, during the rest of the year, and weary enough, too, perhaps. He There is an upset ! People, buffalo robes, parcels, driver, and all over into the snow. In a narrow part of the road two sleighs have tried to pass each other, and one runner slips off the raised track and over they go Hurt ? Not a bit of it. Angry ? Not they Merry as crickets. Even the grey-haired benignant old lady has simply rolled easily out in an indiscriminate, hut comfortable heap, and the irrepressible school-girl, brimful of fun, shakes the snow from her woollen cloud about her head, and says, " O wasn't it fun, Ned?" And it really was. But the old patriarch Jacob, the farmer, has had all he could do to keep the horse? quiet, and kicking his overshoes against the now righted sleigh, says, not unkindly but gruffly. " Come now, gals, haunt you done laughing' ; quit this foolishness, climb in can settle down." And other sleighs, with their jingling bells, pass by, and the air is crisp and sharp, and the sun shines, and the land is full of pent-up power, for under the snow the grain is growing, and in the spring the snow will steal away into creeks and runners, and the earth will be covered with sheets of green that will furnish bread to the sower and food to the reaper. in the town, the streets are full, the stores are full the houses are full public-houses and all. But there is not much drinking. Everyone is too busy with little unselfish thought and deeds and words to be drinking much to-day ¡ perhaps to-morrow. But no, we will not pull the curtain of to-morrow. Here comes Madeline and her mother dainty pink-and-white Madeline, who comes but seldom down those crowded streets ; but she must come to-day. Her big surprised eyes are full of light and life, and her little hands, in soft mittens, are full of muffled animation over the joy and the brightness of the Christmas-tide. What wonder ! Not four years old, yet she is buying a pro sent for her little sister, and playing Santa Claus. She rules the household now, and to-morrow she will say " grace " at the table, and help her mother prepare the baby's feast. Little Madeline, and Minnie, and Jean, and Black Eyes, and Chubby, and Arthur, and Harold, and hosts of children besides in the land of snow will be glad to-morrow that the old traditions hold their own, and that the spirit of goodness is abroad in the land. Everybody is buying presents for everybody, and the poorest are not so poor but they can find some grain of comfort and enjoyment in it all. And still the bells jingle, and the crowd fill the streets till twi- light and the darkness gather over all-yet not darkness, for the moon will be bright to-night There are some who are not so busy but they can find time to-night for the sports of the snow land. Out on the mountains are merry excited groups in blanket costumes and moccasins. The fair faces are warm with colour ; the hair in fluffs blows across the faces that are full of health and spirit, and the forms . are pliant and strong. These bright-faced girls are no languorous beauties for Anaoreon, or Byron, or Oscar Wilde to have raved over or pen bonnets to scarcer. And these men, square-shoulder, mouse-like, are scarcely of the Della Crusca type of soul. Those long, straight, shining, snowy paths down the mountain side are "slides." If they had not the mountain, they would build a wooden one, with this same slide, like a flame and stairs at either side, tip which eager humanity would climb to go down the slide, no longer " humous," but shooting stars in white and blue blankets. That long, thin slip of basswood, turned up at front end and covered with soft yielding cushions, is a toboggan, and this sport is toboganning. The pines on either side are full of mystery and swaying sighing song, low like the note of the fluted wren beneath the vine-covered leaves in summer. And the stars twinkle, and the moon is over all. Four of the party step out from the rest-an old gentleman, two girls, and a young flaxen-haired barrister, with the air of a Harold and the grace of a Wallis de MontreuiL Is that old greybeard going down Yes ; he is the father of the girls, and they have at last persuaded him so to do. They arrange themselves-the father in front, the girls in the middle, and the lover behind. There, it is out. He is the lover of that blue-eyed Mary (I hope he will not see this sketch). Ho drops quickly down, one foot out for steering, and like a log down Niagara they flash over the icy path. See the father of his family in the whirlwind of speed ; eyes full of tears and "big as dreams ; grey whiskers swinging back from his face like wings, and his body leaning forward in a close death-grip to the cord which has been entrusted to him. This is slipping down the steeps of the world into the never more for him. But how the girls enjoy it ! What humour in their voices as they shout. "Don't be afraid, father. Its all right" Of course, it is all right j but he hasn't time tosaypo. They will go down alone at any time, and can steer as well as any man on the hill-and do it PwÄoe°s\o feel like? When he got on he gathered the cord close up to his breast, and sat back, Sr and determinations! ghastly determination in his manner. When it started, as if shot from the High housed forward, and gathered the cord closer Sunshine could not help him AJS 2 J JJÏ 'hold on to anything when the earth is slipping r loosened 6o î"5_l£i Stirring I the universe toppled, a chaos of hail and a maelstrom of granting snow flow about him, his heart boat like a trip hammer, his breath came in gasps and fast as he balanced on the verge of a snow-bound hereafter, the thing slowed up, stopped, and he had gone half a mile in half a minute. And that was his first toboggan ride. Down they come, group after group, laughing, singing, buoyant, impetuous, meteoric; and now comes the going up. The spice of danger going down has brought a zest to this. The timid have leaned a little bit dc pondingly on the confident, and the former were chiefly women and the latter largely mon. And perhaps it has just made them all. a little more friendly. So up they go in merry groups, dragging their light toboggan after, which. I am inclined to think, have carried more romances than the tablets of the gallants of Venice in its most romantic days over recorded. Up they go in the starlight and the moonlight, never tiring, never failed, to go down and up again, one continuous train of health and happiness, where never any voice of discord rises, and no petty Babies are reared. But look ! Coming over the hill through the pines are ghostly forms, with lights like huge glow-worms shining against the same background. A procession of ghosts from Shetland, come back for a respite, as Saint Brandon's Indus on the iceberg? Hardly. They are a lively lot of spirits, if they are such. On they come with a swinging stride like a moose: " The long: hard gallop that can tire The hounds deep hate or hunter's fire." Ever plainer, over swifter, they near us. Queer ghosts, those in blanket dress and fugues, and slashing belts and long woollen stockings. gliding along on shoes that look like wide, and their tennis rackets, torches in their hands, and singing well, I don't know exactly what it is, but perhaps this may do as well : " SNOW SHOEING SONG. " The moon creeps up and over the hills ; The woods are dim and hoary The stars are white, this winter night, With light, God's first-born glory; And the wind will blow, ' And the skies will snow, And we all are brothers wherever we go. " Your home blow long, blow sweet, blow strong, And set the echoes calling; Your torches savory the I cocking's cave, Where the frost-mists now are falling; And the circle make. And your moot-bells shake, Till we break his dreams and the king awake. " mark ! The ice cracks out on the silent lake ; He wakes wo pass Uko shadows, Through dark-top pines, in love lines. To the snow wrapped, sleeping windows ; And our song we sing, And our boils wo ring, And the winter's joy is on everything." Who shall wonder that the faces are full of vigour and warm beauty, and the bodies are strong that are reared to the sternest of nature's ways in the snow land ? And the snow-shoes have joined the tohoganors, and now there is a very army of blankets, and toboggan, and electricity rushing down the slide. But bark to the horn on the lake there at our right, and bark to the answering call from the sportsmen on the hill. What is it, and what is that white-winged thing fleeing along in the moonlight, straight as an arrow from a hunter's bow? What! Do you not know, and have you not heard that boats can travel otherwise than on the water. The wind blows straight to-night Do you see those dark, removing forms, in strange relief to the white tons sails ? Moro ghosts, more mystery, more freaks of the cooking On they come to the head of the bay. WSat! Will they rush against that cedar guarded shore at Juniper Cove ? Will they vanish through the cedars like hopes of childhood and the shadow of dreams ? Nothing of the kind. " One," the forms move ; " two," the sails are down ; three," the boat swings round ; " four," she stops just under the shade of the hill-and that is ore-bearing. They have come 20 miles in an hour up the star-canopied bay, and they, too, in their sealskin and buffalo skin coats and caps, and Arctic shoes, with icicles on their beards, and little ice pendants on their eyelashes, and their breath like sea-mist, climb the hill and join the groups already there. Cold are they Not so Icicles are not cold when the breath is warm within and the heart is light and the step buoyant As they near us this is the song that they sing, or let us imagine it is IcE rioTiNG SONG. Unfurl the soil and the hawser slip, The breeze blows strong and the breeze blows fail-; We will fly in our ice- bound phantom ship With the frost at our feet and the wind in our hair, And never such wonderful going ! With our sails o'erhead and the feet of a seed, and a sea of ice as a plain outspread, And a beat that needs no rowing. Straight down the wind with a sea bird's flight, Like a soul let loose from an alien sky, Wo speed; nor turn to the left or right. And the white moon gleams and the ice flakes fly, And the wild four winds are blowing ! But our pulses boat with the sun-god heat, And our voices ring and our firm hands mood, And the tide under all is flowing. The pines on the shore are as tossing hands, And the houses are silent under the bill, And the lighthouse stands as a sentinel stands It has challenged some that for ever are still. But our harbour lights are showing ! And we know the way in the quiet bay We have entered thus for many a day All safe with the four winds blowing. But they have reached the hilltop, and are followed by a dozen skaters who have been making fantastic figures on the ice for hours, and now gravitate to the one great sport' of the year-toboganing. There are more men than women now. Those girls of the snow land! What tropical sun could paint those cheeks a fairer hue, or give them warmer hearts. Yes, they are warm enough, and kind enough-and true enough, as the world goes. You will see them in their homes to-morrow, ready to dust a room, or hang a Christmas tree, or sing one of the good old songs, like .' The Flowers of the Forest," or "The Land o' the Leal;" and if you wish it one of Tosti's latest and best. The spirit of the climate is in her, and she is as practical as she is gentle. But is this procession of new comers never to end ? Who are these slow-footed ones who come up from the town to join us on the hill? No horns, no bells, no songs, but carrying brooms. What funny old dogs are these, for they are mostly old and use their brooms as one would use a staff. Why, you greybeards, you ought to be at home, " takin' a noggin 'fore ye gang to bed, for another hour and it will be " ayont the twain." Who are you - Oh, yes ! we know you in your every-day attire and occupation, but what are you when you wear Scotch caps and carry brooms, and brier pipes, filled with Tuckett and Billings' best, in this " dead waste and middle of the night" Speak, you hoary Sagas, what are you ? Knights of the " stones " and broom ? Curlers curling The fore runner of lumbago and Scotch curses ? No, the precursor of a good appetite and a sound sleep. The Snow and is full of Scotchmen, and a Scotchman never loses his grip of haggis, auld lang Syne, curling, and economy. They have had a long play to- night, and they are tired ; but it is Christmas time, and they must - come and see how their children fare on the hill " For all of them were fathers, And their sons were with the king." And their daughters too ! , Down they go, a quarter of a hundred greybeards full of a frightful fear, but a grim doggedness to show these gallants that they can watch them at their own game. But the lights are growing fewer in the city, and long ago the boys who have been coasting on the little hill with sheds and strings of sheds, with rows of fearless riders, have gone home to be up early in the morning. Down the hill our sportspeople carne sing- ing "Auld Lang Syne," and on the way they meet the last home-lovers from the day's tell. Everyone has a parcel, The errand boy with the thin coat and the felt cap and blue nose, the well-to-do tradesman with his pockets full of mystery, and the curate of the little church in the cedars, who with a few others had laboured late and early for these many days to wreaths the chancel, nave, and choir left with festoons of cedar, spruce, and mountain ash berries that the very greenness might keep in men's minds their memories green of good deeds done by tender vanished hands, of lips that saint-like sang to divers strings and indeed, that all might carry their thought back over the evergreen ages of the time when " Shepherds watched their flocks by night," and the chamber at Bethlehem cradled a king. But the city grows still, and you can only hear the creaking and' cracking of the frost-bitten wooden houses and the crunching of some late stragglers' boots on the smooth crisp snow which, from the Church of St. Peter, where the midnight mass is being celebrated, rolls the music, of Mozart's triumphant hymn, and the night recalls the words that once were heard in waste places-" Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall become whiter than snow" And shall we not now take leave here in the still night, when the stars are over all of the city in the Snowland, and those that are therein ? Or shall we stand among them in their homes to-morrow and see them out their turkey and cranberry sauce and hear the Christmas speeches at the family table. Shall we not rather leave them here and be content to have seen enough of their gladness to make us glad for a moment ourselves. Even so. And a merry Christmas to you all, you people of the nowland Canada. 