C AMI O L A: A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. Br justin McCarthy, Author of 'Miss Misanthrope,' 'Alaid^of Athens,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XLY. — A Yotjkg Man Fnoir the Docks. Walter Fitzurse did not return any more to the West End house which he had livad m for so short a time. He remained as a resident in his chambers; oscillated for a few days between the chambers and his club. The club was now all that was left to him of his brief connection with what he considered fashion able life. Still, of course, there was the con soling thought that he was actually married to the granddaughter of an earl. Nothing could alter that fact. He was distinctly and closely connected witn tne aristocracy by marriage. For one who but a few years ago was a poor unfriended youth studying shorthand under Christian Pilgrim, in forlorn Fitzorseham this was not bad. In his dreamy fashion he often sat long and late in bis chambers of a night thinking over this, the while he sipped whisky and water and smoked a cigar. On the whole he was not unhappy or much dissatisfied with what fortune had done for him. He did not cross the water'or go near Fitzurse ham. It was as well, he* thought, to keep away altogether from Yinnie Lammas. Not that he meant the girl any harm ; but that fellow Pilgrim was so suspicious, and was getting such a madman. Pilgrim's manner and Pilgrim's threats the other night had made a painful impression on him. He sometimes woke up at night with a start from some horrible dream, in which he fancied that Pil grim was trying to strangle him or to drown him. Once he thought that Yinnie was there and that she made an effort to save him and shrieked for help; the shriek seemed to wake him. Another time he dreamed that Pilgrim was trying to push him over the edge of some dizzy height, and that Joseph the Albanian was looking on and smiling con temptuously at Walters supplications for rescue. This dreammade a most uncomfortable impression on him ; he began to be convinced that something bad was to happen to him in which Pilgrim and the Albanian were to bear a part together. This was another reason for his avoiding Fitzurseham, even if he had any motive for going there just now, which he had not. He did not go to see Mrs. Pollen at her hotel ; he understood from her that if she had anything to say she would send for him, and that he was not to go until then. He had still some money left, and he was sure that Mrs, Pollen had not altogether abandoned him. He was playing at studying hard for law, and he had begun ever so many things in a literary way and had not gone on with them. In truth this self -elected literary man had no particular aptitude for literature. He was a clever young man, but his cleverness had not thus far taken any form. Days and days went on, and the world seemed to be forgetting him; seemed to bs doing remarkably well without him H-a looked in at his club every day for lunch?oa, and occasionally dined'' There, but not often, for he did not wish it to be supposed that nobody ever asked him out to dine. Few of the regular club men had come back to to am ; it was in the dead waste and middle of the autumn. There were days when he did not speak to a soul from morning to night except for an occasional waiter. He dined at all sorts of restaurants, varying the scene a good deal and always dining well while the money lasted. His funds began, however, to run low. One day when he had but little left, and did not know how he was to get any more without asking Mrs. Pollen, who might refuse him, he treated himself to a particularly nice little dinner, not feeling sure that he might have such a chance for some tune again. He had some excellent dry champagne and a liqueur, and he enjoyed himself in his peculiar way, feeling a certain pride in his very ruin, re garding it as an undeniable distinction. Then he looked into a little theatre, and sin part of a burlesque or opera bouffe, or some thing with pretty girls in it, and not too much drapery, but just drapery enough. Then he went home sentimentally desponding, and in his chambers he found two letters for him— one in a large envelope, the other in a small one. The large envelope enclosed a card, of highly artistic and fanciful device, informing him that Mrs. Pollen would be at home at Fitzarse House on a certain day in the following week, and that there would 'be tableaux vivants, music, and conjuring. He had heard something about this before, but it had passed out of his memory, and in any case he presumed that he would not be expected to go. He was mis taken, however, for the small envelope en closed a note from Mrs. Pollen, saying she par ticularly wished him to go to her housewarm ing, and telling him that if he called on her at the West End she would explain to him the reason why, and of course he assumed that it had something to do with his wife. The letter ended with the words, 'Perhaps you may not have much money left ; I send en cloEed,' and enclosed was a bank-note for one hundred pounds. That neat little sum opened up quite a vista for our prose poet— poet, that is to say, who has not yet written any poetry. Who knows what might happen before the hundred pounds was out ? He might be recon ciled with Janette and living in the West End ; or his genius might be discovered by some publisher, editor, or manager. He felt on the whole well content with himself and his prospects. The only thing he did not like was the haying to go to Fitzurseham. He had determined not to go there ; and now he must go. He felt as if there was something ominous of evil to him in that. If he went there he trust meet Pilgrim; he might meet the Albanian; and then what about his dream? Eut he put this thought away. Who cares about dreams now, and what harm could Pilgrim and the Albanian do to him ? On the very evening when Walter received bis invitation, Mrs. Pollen was dining alone in her hotel. She was vary busy about her arrangements for her entertainment at Fitznrse House, and she was constantly receiving visits from all manner of persons — tradesmen, decorators, artificers, caterers, upholsterers, and others — whom she was employing, or who were anxious to be employed, in the prepara tions for the festival. Her maid, therefore, was not in the least surprised when she saidr ' I wish you would tell them that I expect a young man, a yoncg working1 man, from i the docks, here at ciae, and that he is to be shown in at once when he comes. I _ Nine o'clock came and the young man with it. He was thown iu af once aud left with Mrs. Pollen. He seemed a well-made, loose j limbed jourg fellow, something between a I rigger and a seaman ; his face and hands were ; pitchy as ibe seams of the wrecking vessel in . i tLe Bay of Biscay, whereof Sims Reeve.s still sings. I : ??Nocertniony ; came just as I am you ses,' i . said the young man with a familiarity which -iid not seem altogether in keening with ; ; tbe manners proper to his btation inlife. j | /'All right,' Mrs. Pollen said, apparently i ! ?without the slightest feeling of surprise or ! I resentment, 'won't you sit down?' j I 'What, in thpse garments, and on that | ; cnair? Not if I know it. I hope I know my j place better than that.' | I ' Well, and you have really been down at ; ! the docks all day looking for work? What an absurd creature you are !' . ' Looking for work ? Yes ; and I got work ; and many a poor fellow who really wanted it ? didn't. 1 tell you what; it's an awful sight to | ; see eome of these poorcbap3, the elder ones especially. I am going to write a lot about it j — for the St. James's Gazette, I ain incliusd i to think. My heavens, what a great deal ! wants doing in this huge vast wilderness of a ! place ! One gets utterly discouraged, s -me- | times — the whole thing eeems so hopeless.' ' You don't appear to gst discouraged.' j 'Ob, well, the fact isl like it ; I couldn't live i without the excitement just now. Itkeep3my own troubles out of my head, and there's a j good deal in that. X shot&l; be sure to make a 4 -fool-of myself somehow if I didn't try to get mixed up in the affairs of other people.' ' You'll have to give up all that sort of thing when you get married, I dare say.' ' I don't think so. She's not the sort of girl to Kfee a man who did nothing.' The intelligent reader will not, we presume, need to be told who this young man from the docks really was. ' Well, I told you about the Egyptian expe dition V 'Yes ; is it given up ?'' ' Not at all. It's on again. They all stick to it.' ' Does she stick to it?' 'She does. She thinks she is bound. Are you going to stand that, I want to know 1' 'No, Mrs. Pollen ; my mind is made up. I won't stand it. She shan't go ; or if she goes I will go too. I have thought all this thing out lately. She has two pjints of honor, and they are both mistakes. I like a woman ?who has points of honor; I love her all the more; but she is wrong, and it would be abBurd to let her have her way and victimise herself. She thinks she is bound to sacrifice herself for the Lisle family ; I don't'. She thinks she oughtn't to give in t- marrying me after the way in which I found out what ehe felt, and all that. I don't think anything of the kind. Now it is p^in that both she and I can't have our way in this, so I mean to take on me to act for both ; lam going to have my way.' The young man from the docks struck the table emphatically with his clenched and some what pitchy band. 'Respect the hotel furniture,' Mrs. Pollen said; *' it is rickety ; it hasn't the solidity of my Fitzurseham sticks. Well, you have made rather a long speech, but I listened attentively all the time, and I entirely approve of your sentiments. I think they do equal honor to your head and heart, as the orators are in the habit of expressing it. Of course, I am pre pared to assist you ; I go with you, Bertie, heart and toul.' She spoke these last few words in a tone different from that in which she had spoken before. She dropped affected levity and chaff for the moment, and spoke in a voice of friendship, sincerity, and tender ness. ' I knew you would,' he said. ' I have told my mother all about this business.' ' Yes ; what does she she say ?' ' Well, of course, ehe never saw Camiola ; she is willing to take her on trust.' ' Is she content with your marriage scheme?' ' She is ; she generally likes anything I like ; we get on eo well together. I fancy there is a little touch of sadness to one's mother always when she finds some other woman turning up — is not that so, don't you think?' ' I don't know, I never was a mother.' ' But one reads books and hears things, and I fancy it is so. But that won't affect my mother much ; she is so unsel fish; she has got quite out of the way of thinking1 about herself. Besides I daresay she has some idea like yours, that getting married will keep me out of all manner of adventures and enterprises. She was always afraid I should get drowned, or catch fever, or smallpox, or something; now she thinks I shall have to settle down.' ' Does she know that Camiola is a girl with a fortune ?' Romont looked embarrassed. ' No'; she didn't ask me anything about it ; and I forgot it altogether. I wish she hadn't a fortune. But I suppose it can't be helped. Do you know, Mrs. Pollen, that if I weren't so madly in love with her I should_ re gard that confounded fortune as a serious objection. I don't think I could get over it.' 'I quite understand you,' Mrs. Pollen said. 'I am sure if I were a man I would rather marry a girl who hadn't a sixpence. But that wouldn't be quite a reason for not marrying the girl one loved, would it, especially if she loved one?' 'Ob, by Jove,' Romont exclaimed, ' I wouldn't give up Camiola if she were a female C1O3SUS.' 'Your confidence amuses me,' Mrs. Pollen said. 'You seem to take it quite for graated that Camiola will marry you.' ' Yes, she will marry me,' Romont said im petuously. ? ' I really believe we were made for one another.' '* It makes me young again,' Mrs. Pollen observed, ' to hear any one talk in that way ; about people being made for one another. Oh, you dear darling pair of fools — pair of lovers, I mean ; and so you were made for one another, you two ! from all th6 ages, I suppose ; creation paused in its work to shape you for each other! How very nice! Well, I do really believe that you were in one sense made for one another ; I thought it from the first ; that is why I helped you all I could.' 'You did, indeed. How lujky a fellow I am ! I was telling my mother that there are three women in the world whom I adore ? ' ' Good gracious !' Mrs. Pollen exclaimed. 'Yes, I adore them all three, and I am ia love with one of them, besides'adoring her' ? 'We know her name. The other is your mother, of course. But who on earth is the third?' 'As if you didn't know,' he said, with beaming eyes, ' Why you, of course. As if you didn't know that I adore you ! Good heavens, how could I do anything else .' and I can't do anything for you, not a thing ; I haven't any way of showing you what I feel.' 'My dear,' said Mrs. Pollen, smiling through her unmistakable tears ; 'do you tLink it is nothing for me to have your friend ship?' 'Oh, come, friendship won't express it— doesn't get near it.' ' Well, your affection, then.' ' Affection, gratitude, devotion ? ' 'Well, well, well, you are fond o£ me, Bertie, and I am fond cf yon. I told you the first day we met that you would like me in the end, and that I could wait.' ' By jove, ycu hadn't long to wait.' 'No; and I am very glad. I don't like wasting time. Life is short ; it ia getting particularly short with people at my time of life. I owe you a great deal, Bertie Romont ; you and your sweetheart too. You have both done more to make me happy apd to make me like the world and put up with it than any two people I have met for I doa't know how long ; for forever, perhaps. I knew you from the first, my dear boy; I saw to your heart iu a glance, and I knew her too ; and I am fond of you both ; and I couldn't say if I were put under cross-examination which of you I am fonder of, except that I suppose my general inclination is to lean towards the man. Well, there's no use in saying more about that ; we understand each other. I want now to talk to you about my mummery ; I want all manner of advice and assistance. First, 1 want you on that occasion, and for positively the last time, to assume the part of Joseph the Albanian.' 'Ob, mustlieally?' ' You must ! I have a particular reason for it, which I will explain to you presently. You are to appear in your own character, too ; you are to double the part.' ' All right,' he said, ' I'll do whatever you like.' ' Good boy.' Chapter XLYI.— Jethbo's Datjghteb Cojies Home. The Fitzurseham people began more and more to shake their heads over poor Jethro Mer ridew. He was getting every day more 'off his nut,' as they put it gracefully. Not a few of thern expressed their sense of his condition by jeering at him more loudly than ever as he pasEed along the street. Jethro bore their insults with a sort of prince like contempt. Some of the better-hearted of the neighbors endeavored to talk with him sympathetically, and to these he would say again and again that his daughter was coming home very soon now. No enquiries made on Mrs. Pollen's behalf had led to any discovery con cerning the daughter. Mrs. Pollen and Pil grim both tried as well as they could to get him to understand this, and to soften its mean ing to him. But he would not listen to any thing on the subject. He knew better he said ; he knew all about it. Of late he kept away from Airs. Pollen and from Pilgrim ; of late, too, Pilgrim was thinking of other things, Jethro went about his business as usual ; he called on people in the mornings with all hi3 habitual regularity. When he ever went to sleep no one could tell. He certainly never slept until he had performed the last of his morning calls, and then people saw him wander ing about nearly all day long afterwards. For some days now he had resolutely kept indoors when once his work of calling was done. He began not to like the streets, and to shrink from them. Those who did see him, if they were at all s-mpatbetie, thought they saw something in his face that spoke of coming death. The morning of the day when Mrs. Pollen was to have her entertainment Jethro made his round of calls as usual. He was tired then, and lorigfd to sleep. He went into the Old Ferry Inn, which was just taking down it3 shutters to entertain early bargemen, and market gardeners, and cart driver?, and he asked for some brandy. Such indulgence was the rarest thing in Jethro'u case, and the bargeman did not fail to chaff him pleasantly over his new born drinking ways. Jetbro made no answer ; lie swallowed his brandy gretdily, and went borne. Tbe dawn was coming on ; a soft, bright, tender morning in October, the bright ness made mild by the sweet melancholy of the i eason. Jethro went upstairs to his little room looking on the street; he lay down in his clothes, and he slept a long time. He was dreaming of his daughter, of her coming bask . to him, of her greatness and splendor, and her love for him. She was coming, he dreamed, to rescue him from his sad lonely life. She was coming with music and attendants, with friends on horseback and in carriages, just as fair Inez, whom he loved to read of and to quote, went down to the sea-shore when she was about to depart. The strains of music growing louder and louder seemed to mingle in his dream. Suddenly he woke up with a start ; he gathered himself together, and such senses as be had. There was music. Yes, it was growing louder and louder. She was comipg; he had. wakened only just ia time, He wou?d have been late if iw* had slept longer ; she would Jbare had to come to his door and knock. He could not have been up and across the threshold to welcome her. He ran to the window. Yes, there wa-5 a long procession comingdown the street. There was music ; the clangor of cymbals, the heavy throb of the drum ; the shrill fifes. There was shouting and cheering ; the street was thronged with people. He could j asfc see that there were horses in the procession, and that there were gorgeous carriages. Yes, this waahis daughter's coming home ; he never felt a doubt about it ; never questioned himself ; he knew it ; this ehe ; at last, at last, she had come ! He ran downstairs, and opened his door, and stood just outeide the threshold ready to wel come her. The people hardly noticed or saw him, so intent were they on gazing at the pro cession. He 'was for once rather sorry not to be noticed ; they ought to see him in the hour of his pride who had seen him so long aud so often in his solitude and poverty. Never had le seen such a procession ; there were camels, there was an elephant ; could his daughter be an Eastern queen, the wife of some great Asiatic sovereign? Why not? Suoh things had been. He would soon know he thought in exultation. Now came riders ; brilliant cavaliers and splendid ladies. They passed him two and two ; he thought the line would never cease ; and yet he was conscious, too, that this was but his own impatience, for there were not many couples. At length he saw a carriage drawn by four white horses, and in the carriage a lady who stood erect and princess-like glitter ing in gorgeous array, and_ with much silver about her whereon the sunlight flashed. He could see her clearly above the crowd, and now he [saw her face and he gave a wild cry of rapture. 'She is come, rny love, my d^ve, my beautiful, my undented,' screamed the poor, half crazy man, and he burst his way through the crowd, and ran up to the side of the carriage. ' My daughter, my daughter !' he called to her, and he laid his lean skinny hand on the side of the carriage. The woman who stood in the carriage wore a long garment of gorgeous red, white, and blue, and she had a silvered breastplate and a shield, and on her head a silvered helmet. She was in fact got up to represent the popular idea of Britannia. She was no longer young. Her face had been hand some, but was worn and raddled with stage painting. Hearing the old man's shriek she looked down at him, first with wonderment and then with a growing recognition, stOl doubtful and amazed. There was confusion for a moment ; the poor old man tried to get into the carriage ; the attendants thinking him a drunken madman tried to drag him away ; one of the postilions on the horses struck back at him with his whip. The crowd then recog nised Jethro Merridew, and beginning to understand how his craze was working on him shouted and cheered with delight. Why, this was better fun than even the procession, and tbe elephant and camels. Here was old Merridew gone raving mad at last, and taking a painted circu3 woman for his daughter and a grand lady ! Laughter made the welkin riug. 'Take care of the poor old gentleman ; doa't 'urt him,' said Britannia pityingly ; and re marked to an attendant nymph by her side, 'Well, if I don't believe it is my poor old father.' Jethro was after all but mad northnorth west. He was shaken in mind indeed, but he was not a mere lunatic He had been sleeping a heavy sleep induced by the effects of brandy, unusual to him. He had been dreaming of his daughter's splendid return with music and cavalcade; he woke or half- woke to the sound of music ; he heard the trampling of horses ; he saw a procession with cavaliers and dames in it, and then in a splendid carriage he recog nised his daughter. What wonder if all thisfi tfced in with bis dream, and seemed only the dream become reality ? But now as he clung to the carriage and gazed eagerly at his recovered daughter, and as his senses, such as they were, began to clear, he could not help seeing in his mind what his eyes told him ; he could not but see the paint on the face, the black lines round the eyes, the made-up eye-brows, the woman's figure grown heavy and elderly, the tawdry dress, the spangles, the Britannia get-up, the silvered-tin of the shield and helmet. It was his daughter— oh, yes, indeed ! He had fouud her. She had come back, not to him, not seeking him ; but she had come back with paint on her cheeks, and spangles and tin on her robes, she had come back a circus-riding woman, in a Merry- Andrew procession. He fell back from the carriage and among the crowd. He was dazed; he was crushed in spirit. He cared nothing for the jeering mob. He cared nothing if he were to be trampled on by tbe horses. He might have been trampled on as he staggered away but for the prom pt and energetic assistance of Christian Pilgrim. Pilgrim had been out, not indeed to look at the procession, for he had an utter contempt for all manner of shows ; but he had baen caught in its stream aud wave, and was submitting very unwillingly to be dragged along as a captive of the fair Britannia and her train when his eyes were attracted by the sight of poor old Jethro struggling to reach the car. Pilgrim had not the least idea of what Jethro was trying to do, but he felt sure that the po ir old man was likely to make a display of him self in some more or less ridiculous way, aui perhaps to become a sport to the verv pitil«« merriment of theFitzorseham mob. He caught bewildered Meriidew in bis strong arms and forced a way through the prowd. 'What's the matter with the oil fool'?' a man asked of Pilgrim as they were making their way. Pilgrim's only answer was to elbow the man aside, and to hasten with his poor old com panion towards Merridew's house. ' Oh, don't you know? ' he heard someone else reply to the questioner whom he had thus roughly put away, 'old Merridew's gone clean off his head, and he's taken a ciccas' woman for his daughter.' That told Pilgrim what he had not knowa before ; all he wanted to know. ' Shall we go home, Jethro ? ' he asked in a voice of compassion. ' Yes ; I am better at home. I don't want to go out any more. I think I must have been going crazy, Pilgrim ; I am like King L°ar in the play. It was my Cordelia, though. It was my daughter Pilgrim ? ' he did not call him 'fair cousin' any more. 'Siieisnot young and she is a poor circus rider ; but she is my daughter all the same, and I think she knew her poor old father. I was foolish to make such an exhibition of myself and of her. I think I must have been out of my right mind, Pilgrim, lately ; I suppose the people laughed af me.' 'It doesn't matter,' Christian said, 'you have found your daughter, Jethro ; that's something. You had better go in now.' ' Yes, it is something. To think of all the years and years and years I have been expect ing her and believing that she was to come to me a splendid, happy lady ! I don't know how I ever got such a thought into my head, but it always seemed to me like a revelation from heaven. I'll go in and I'll stay in, until she comes. She will come, don't you think ?' 'She will come, I am sure ; I will go aud find her out when all this fuss is over, and tell her where you are.' By this time they were at Jethxo's door. The crowd in the streets were again absorbed in the successive wonders of the profession, and had forgotten all about the foolish, fond old man. The Fitzurseham crowd was a prudent and a practical crowd in its quest for amusement, and even if it had still been think ing of Jethro it would have remembered that he was there at hand to bs made fun of any day, but that an elephant, and camels, and a procession of splendid cavaliers and dame3 was of raie visitation in that place. The crowd would therefore have reserved Jethro, and devoted itself jast then to the too fleeting delights of the procession. Pilgrim saw Jethro safely into his room, and talked a little with him. He had not found the old man so reasonable in mind and manner for years and years. The shock and the dis appointment seemed to have brought bj.sk his wandering senses. He was sane and utterly despond eiit. ' Isn't there somethiner, Pilgrim, ia one of the classic poets about a man being cured of some delusion and made sane, and being only miserable because he was sane?' Jethro snddenlv asked. 'Is there? Very likely, 'Pilgrim said. 'Well, I'm like that man.' These were the last words Pilgrim ever heard him speak. As the old man said them he was stretching himself down on bis bed, still quite dressed, and with his face turned away from tbe window through which he had seen the first glimpse of the procession, and from the mild autumnal sunlight. His face seemed like a maskof white wax as Pilgrim looked on it before he left tbe room. It was late in the evening when Pilgrim fouud the long-lost daughter. He found her a prema turely decayed, not unkindly wreck of a dissipated woman. She said she would go and see her father as soon as ever she could. She went an hour or two later and knocked at the door, but got no answer. She pushed the door, found it unfastened, went in, and ranged the poor little wretched room?. At last, mounting the stairs, she came to her father's bedroom, and fouud him lying dead. Chapiee XLVII.— His Last Chance. The feEtivities of Fitzurse House went on all the same, although Jelhro Merridew eoul-I have no part in them. 'Merry was the world, though he was dead,' writes Mr. Morris of a romewhat more interesting person than poor Jethro Merridew ; and it would take the world of Fitzurseham very little time indeed to get over its feeling of grief at the Ioes of Jethro Merridew. But it is only just to. say that Mrs. Pollen and niost of her guests knew nothing of the old man's death until the night's revelries were well nigh over, and by that time some of them at least had other things to think of. The gardens were starred with colored lamps. The newest devices of South Ken sington fetes made the waters of the fountain leap up in many tinted radiance to the vast dark of the evening skies, and filled the hearts of ritrorseaam youth and like visa indeed Fitzurseham old age with wonder and ecatacy. The night was so fine and warn* for the time of the year that many were induced to come from the crowded and heated rooms into the cool pure air, and so the colored f ountaLra had plenty of admirers. Nothing could be' a sadder and a vainer spectacle in its way than aT colored fountain displaying; all its prodigality of tints and its high- soaring jets of activity with no one to look on and admire. The colored fountains of Fifczurse House were spared tbat humiliation by tbe singular fineness Df the night. Mrs. Pollen received her guests in the great frawing- room on the ground floor. She was Pressed very plainly this night, aud made ittle display of jewellery. She was very proud of the fact that she now knew all her jompany by sight, and could address- every rTitznrsthamite who came by his or her name, jnd made some appropriate enquiry. The) room was already beginning to be crowded. Romont, in his character of Albanian Joseph, lung about a little in the background, but yet in ostensible attendance on Mr. Pollen, and sccasionally summoned to her side by a signal :jom her fan and bidden to do this or that for itr. Suddenly he drew bick and all but con ;ealed himself in a crowd of admiring aud yet blinking Fitzursehamite?, some of whoa* ooked on Albanian Joseph as a sort of creature 3ardly less wondrous and out of their way ;han a ghost. Rorr.ont drew back and was :iying to conceal himself because he saw Damiola come in, and he did not like to ba seen by her just tten and in his Albanian masquerade, which be feared would bring an pleasant recollections back to her mind. Camiola had chosen a richer and more matronly fctyle of dress than she usually affected. Mrs. Pollen had asked her to dress herself particularly nicely for the pleasure of the Fitzursehamites, and Camiola, like a good girl, did as she was told. Her robe of old-fashioned brocade, ia the nondescript coloring of which, all shades of fellow and brown seemed to blend agreeably, fell in straight folds round her form, and had a- severe simplicity which was in keeping with ber somewhat grave mien and the erect car riage of her head. She held a great round fan af yellow and brown ostrich feathers which might have been borne by one of the stately James who had in old times crowded the slip pery staircase of Fitzurse House. Golden brown plumes nestled in her bodice, confined by a quaint ornament of topaz and pearl, and there were topazes in her brown hair and round her girlish neck. She might, except [or her warm and healthy vitality, have been one of the beautiful shadows of an old time with whom Mrs. Pollen's imagination used once to people the rooms. So Mrs. Pollen, too, was thinking, and suddenly she saw that Christian Pilgrim, who was acting generally as a sort of majcr-domo, was gazing at the girl with a look of intense admiration and melan choly as if some thought of the same kind were passing through his mind. Somebody stopped Camiola and spoke to her ; it was Vinnie Lam mas. The contrast was curious ; the rich dress, the healthy vigorous beauty, the splendor of movement as well as of adornment of tbe one girl, and the pale distressful look of tha other, with her neat but somewhat shabby get up, and her aspect of unsuitability with the place and the crowd. The contrast was per haps tbe more striking because Vinnie was looking: very pretty and picturesque in her way. Poor Pilgrim looked sadly at theaa both ; he was even more pallid than usual. Mrs. Pollen felt that something was wrong with him. She called Romont to her, and, in a low tone, asked him to look after Pilgrim ; to get into talk with him ; and find if anything was wrong. Romont promised, and as he was going away turned back just for a moment They spoke in the semi-Italian jargon which they used on such occasions. ' Doesn't she look lovely to-night, my queen girl ?' he whispered, his head beut in Joseph's habitual attitude of deference. ' Young man,' Mrs. Pollen responded, ' do you think I am. in the habit of conversing with trenials on the personal charms of tbe young ladies I receive in my house? Have you spoken to her?' she added quickly. ' Not yet. I haven't had the chance. Maat it be done while I am in this mummer's cos tume?' ' It must. That is my idea altogether. You have a better right to speak to her in that mum mer's costume, as you call it, than in any other. It was in that you found her out.' ' I believe you are right,' he said. 'Thank you — I am always right.' The rector and Lady Letitia had already come and were mingling with the guests— ha awkward and ehy ; she doing her very best, and apparently with much success, to hide for the moment the .varied feelings of her heart, perturbed by mingled sorrow, j jy, aad anxiety. Would Janette come ? Y«s, Jauette actually had come. She was very p tie, and looked singularly pretty, and the eSforfc she was makiiig to throw her soul into the business of the evening gave a sparkle to her eyes which was like the light of pleasure for those who are not quick in seeing any difference between one light and another. Camiola had been miserably unhappy all day. She began to look forward more and more with dread and shame to tbe prospect of marriage with Georgie Lisle. If Bhe went out to Fgypt 6he knew it must be ; and now they were going to Egypt. The keen strain of anxiety about Georgie's life was over ; every one said the campaign was virtually at an end. He was safe, he would soon be in citilised Cairo again ; be was a hero ; why should she arjy longer be compelled to go near him ? Had he not enough now? How absurdly incon sistent this all was, to be sure. To promise a man that she would marry him if he should escape alive out of the danger, aud then to think that she ought to be released from her promise because that very condition bad been fulfilled and he had escaped out of the danger — surely a less intelligent girl than Camiola must have seen the utter inconsistency and abturdity of such conduct. Exactly, and Gamiola did see it, but she could not mike things any different. She could not make her feelings at the present hour the same as they were in those moments of prostration and des pondency when &he; was T/eady to proaiise_ any thing rather than see her dear Lady Letitta in grief. We do not ask our right- minded readers to forgive Camiola, we readily admit that she ought to have been ever so much, wiser, that she ought to have always known her own mind, that she ought under no niatter what distract ing conditions and distressing mental conflicts to have invariably done, said, and thought tha light thing. But then this a story about a girl who did not always say and do the right thing-, whose heart arid head did not always work quite well and harmoniously together, a girl who sometimes made mistakes and had to ba sorry for them, a very human sort of girl, just a woman and a sister. Among her many inconsistencies of mind and purpose was that of which she was distinctly conscious in going to this festival at Fitzurse House. She dreaded, positively dreaded, meat ing Romont there, and yet at moments she felt that she would give her life just to see him for once ; and there. ' Must I lose him ?:- she kept incessantly asking of herself ; sometimes varying the mental enquiry by asking of her sr-lf, '-If I do see him wliat shall I do?' The place seemed fateful to her. It was there — out arrong those paths, uuder those trees which she could see through the open windows, it was there that the truth was suudealy borne in upon her tbat she loved him. It was the very appeal made to her love by Georgia Lisle that shot into her heartof hearts the cjnviction tbat she loved Romont. Suppose tliat he should not come, would that mean that he had steeled bis icind to tbe knowledge that they bad better not meet, and tbat all was over between them ? And she not merely loved him, but the knew he was just the man she cr.uld love and ought to love ; the man she could look up to, whose purposes she cculd share. She bad been hearing much about him lately in an indirect, scrappy sort of way. in little sentences casually— as she supposed casually — let drop by Mis. Pollen; in stray talks between Mr. Lisle and his wife. She knew of the brave persistent efforts he had been making to do good for others ; for othar3 of whom he knew next to nothing but that they were poor and in distress. If she could bave been a man this is just the sort of man she could have wished to be ; this ia the man frhe could love ; the man she would have if she could for her lover and her husband. And she might have had him for her lover and her hus band if only she had not been so foolish, if only she had not been so week, if only she had known her own mind at the right time. No — tbat was not it ; it was worse than that ; for f he did know ber own mind ; she knew it from the first moment of discovering her love ; she knew that she wanttd to marry Romout ; bat ihe allowed herself to be led away from tha knowledge which ought to have been her ligut and her guide. She was a fearless unaffected girl; never shy ; yet this night she went through ths room.3 ?with a sort of frightened look in her eyes, as if the feared something about to happen. She Eonsetuxes shook her head slowly, languidly, from side to side as one who says—' It is all over ; I can't help it now.' Mrs. Pollea noted even tbe dightest and mott passing of these little signals of distress ; and she was not ill pleaEtd. She wanted the girl to be in a strain cf taoticnal temper tbat night ; to be sus ceptible, to be impressionable, to be startled out of conventional moods and open to the promptings of her own souL 'Camiola, my dear,' Mrs. Pollen said in a low tone; 'will you go into the music room and tell me is everything is right there . it isn't open to the people yet ; and I want the benefit of your last glance over its arrange mThe'n Mrs. Pollen saw Walter Fitzurse came in. He was dressed very well, and looked decidedly handsome and striking, with a sort of picturesquely penitential air about him which Mrs. Pollen hoped would tell upon Janette, He passed Camioh* as Camiola was leaving the room, and made her a low and Bore of deprecating, beseeching bow. ' Quite the play-actor mood,' Mrs. Pollen said to herself with a misgiving, for she felt sure that utter sin cerity would be to best chance with Janette. He came towards Mis. Pollen, and she re ceived him with ostentations friendliness of manner, for she knew that every one would observe them, and she felt that if he was to have a chance at all it must be a good and fall chance. Your wife is here; go to her and speak to her; she wont make a scene. Ask her to let von talk to her in some other room. Do it quietly, and don't be afraid.' Mrs. Mrs. Pollen said this in a very low tone as she gave him her hand. 'What might have happened if he had gone straight to Janette that moment no one can ever know. Very likely the child's heart might have given way at the sight of him, her lover, her husband ; and she might have taken him back to her love and her heart, and all might have been well even then. Bat no sach chance was given by Walter Fitzorse to himself. He looked to Janette ; she was with her father and mother ; her face in its present repose looked cad, and thin, and wasted ; he was angry with her for looking unhappy ; he was angiy with her because the very sight of her m ade him feel remorseful and ashamed ; he was afraid of her and of her father and mother ; he lost nerve, he lost courage, he was conscience-stricken ; and yet hia conscience stricken condition prevented him from doing the one thing which conscience would have bidden him to do. He quailed, he sick ened; he was taken with need less demoralising dread of a scene; he hesitated, faltered — and at that moment of ominous indecision his eyes rested on Vinnie Lammas. Then his good genius deserted him once for all. His memory and mind went back to the days of his love-making with Vinnie Lammas ; he thought of her as the one woman who was not ashamed of him ; the girl who had been proud of his love and his attentions ; the girl whom he might have married without sham or pretence or pitiful scheming of any kind, and who would have looked up to him, adored him, worshipped him, when they were married. The moment was fatal to him. Vinnie was seated ; there was a vacant place beside her, he sat down and entered into low and rapid talk with her. Janette saw this, and a tremble came over her face. Her mother saw it, Mrs. Polien saw it, Christian Pilgrim 'saw it. 'What could have possessed him? Sach a think done just then and there was an insult and an outrage. 'It is all up,' Mxs. Pollen said to herself ; ' he has had his lastchance and has thrown it way. Never again will I help him to regain his wife and his career. He is gone — let him go.J- Presently the few who were watching this little scene saw Vinnie get np hastily and leave her place. So abrupt was her ridng that the least observant who had noticed the matter at all must have seen that something had happened. What had happened ? This : Walter, in his almost hysterical mood, had told her that he loved her still and only ; that his life was rained ; that he had been left by his wife for ever ; that he had in all the world no one but Vinnie to care for him; that he knew she still did care for him, and he besought her to go away with him to America, where they could begin a new life and be happy together in a relationship which would be a real marriage— not a false and hollow social sham like that in which he was linked with Janette. Every one has heard or read this sort of thing ; it might, as Mrs. Pollen once said, have been printed and sold as a circular, suitable to such men, and purposes, and occa sions. Then Vinnie got up, with flashed cheeks and choking throat, and left him with out a word. As she was going out she passed Pilgrim, ?who came after her and caught her by the arm. 'He has been making love to you?' were Pilgrim's first words. *' Don't dare to deny it. 'Oh, what does it matter what he does?' the girl answered distractedly. ' He must be going mad, I think. Oh, God, forgive him.' Pilgrim let her go and turned back into the room and watched every movement of Walter's with burning eyes, He saw Walter get np and lounge vacuously about the room for a moment or two. Then Walter turned to that end of the room where Janette had been, and where she was now standing almost alone, her father and mother having been drawn into talk with others different ways. 'Was he going to speak to her? Apparently. Janette looked to wards him, and saw his purpose, perhaps. She turned away, and going to her father put her hand on his arm as if to claim his protection, and said a word to him and they passed out of the room together. Then Walter lingered for a little, and spoke to this person and to that, and then he too left the room, and Pil grim followed him, keeping him in sight from 100m to room, from corridor to ball, and so into the grounds and out at the gate. Mrs. Pollen, while chatting incessantly with some of her guests, lost 'nothing of all this. She knew what was happening, what had hap pened, as well as if she had heard each story from the lips of those concerned. She began to look anxiously round as if seeking someone, and after a moment or two of much mental uneasiness she saw Romont and signalled to him. '?Something has been going on,' she said. 'See after Pilgrim, he has followed that ?wretched creature Fitzurse; there will be a q-iarrel of some sort, don't lose a moment. til.' Romnnt was not a man to lose a moment. : He asked no question but went. Just then j Ctmiola came to Mrs. Polien. I .' I have seen to the music room,' she said; j 'everything looks as well as could be. I think everything is going right, in that way.' 'In that way,' Mrs. Pollen answered. 'Yes, in that way. But in other ways, my j dear Camiola, I think all is not going right.' ; 'Has something happened?' Camiola asked, v.ith sudden vague misgiving and alaiin. : 'Something has happened; something is going to happen I am afraid — I have sent H-njrmt to prevent harm if he can.' , ' Ob, why did you send him?' 1 (To he continued.) ? ] ? ? ^ ? 