:~r, A ^ %ht Sato tit Christian Jbjjrt**, AT Christ Church Pro-Cathedral on Sunday morning, 13lh December; the vicar, Archdeacon Julius, M,A., preached a sermon on the Law of Christian Progress, having special reference to the young people recently confirmed. The Archdeacon's text was Matt. xi. 11 : 'Among them that are born of women there hath not arisen a greater than John the Baptist ; notwithstanding he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he.' After some introductory remarks, the Archdeacon said, John, near the end of his noble earthly career, had probably to sustain severe trials of his faith. He sent messengers to our Lord, who returned him, as we know, gracious and inspiring answers. John was indeed a great man. There are two kinds of greatness — that which is inherent in the individual, and that arising from the position he occupies, the circumstances of his life arid the social atmosphere of his time. John's greatness was inherent or rather inspired of God. ' He was filled with the Holy Ghost.' He was great in character. Amid the meanest surround ings he yet r,ebuked the proud, luxurious despot of his age, and was able to prepare a way for the Prince of Peace. Still, with all this, the text stated that although ' among them that are born of women there hath not arisen a greater than John the Baptist, notwithstand ing he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he.' Bow cari.th'is be? While conceding to John his title to true innate greatness, he was but Christ's herald. The blessings of that kingdom of heaven, which came with power after John's death, were shared by thousands who, while destitute of John's gift, yet by reason of pircumstances enjoyed a richer, fuller blessing. If had been remarked by an eminent writer that a schoolboy of the . nineteenth century was, with reference to mental advantages, more favourably placed than was Socrates. Socrates was inherently a great man ; his character was fixed, solid, and above the fear of death or violence of party. He had no disposition or occasion for any kind of deceit, no reason for appearing different from what he was.' Yet who can doubt that he was totally ignorant of— could not even imagine— that which is commonplace to the schoolboy of to-day, Was he, therefore, less a great man ? I trow not. Similarly with regard to John the ? . Baptist. The apparent paradox in the latter clause of the text was not one after all. It is simply an illustration of the law of Christian pro-, grees ; other illustrations might easily be given. A schoolboy who is ; at the top of his class finds he has an assured position and compar'a ; tively easy work. Let him, however, be promoted to a higher class; he finds his work irksome, and his position, although really higher, is yer, relatively to his new class, lower. He experiences at first apparent failure. What is for him a real progress does not satisfy him until he has mastered his environments, and is thus prepared for a further advance. Take again the case of a man who has led a successful, contented, worldly life. He is certainly at the top of his class; but let a divine discontent seize him, some glimpse of the ideal of Christ's kingdom visit his soul, he aspires to enter that kingdom, and is at first cast down at the vast prospect before him. How, in the light of the spiritual life, everything merely earthly shrivels into comparative insignificance.. There is then, in spite of loss, rear and enduring gain. Applying those principles to the cases of those young people who were confirmed oil Sunday last, the Archdeacon begged them not to be cast dowri'at feeling the impotence of their efforts to realise the great ideal, which was before them. He alto begged parents to sympathise with; their children in their, no doubt, frequent failures, in 'pressing towards the mark of their high calling, and by no meanB to taunt them in cases of failure. He, the Archdeacon, had occasion recently to remark on the failure in veneration among our young people. To venerate anyone simply for title or for earthly possessions was a mark of ;a servile spirit. It would indeed be a gain if, casting aside all mere traditionary reverences, that which alone is worthy of rever ence— the godlike in man — should be venerated, those whose characters have been formed and perfected in the School of Christ; After some further remarks the Archdeacon concluded nn affectionate and most impressive discourse. Holy Communion was then celebrated, the Archdeacon being celebrant. There were upwards of 250 communicants. ' ? ? ? . ? tjir 