'Tu BunoLAn's PLaIaT. Hard times?. Why; bless my soul, hard times they don't hiurtyoai, You gets yoar salary onet a week, 'or onet' in every But look at m'in" why sines July Ive only cracked twbo cribs, I ain't a blessed ounce 'of flesh to covr up my ribs, Theim bloominin bobbies are too cute, they runs mn off their walk, The blindest feller in tholot"'as optics like a hawk. Loast::Janivary was a month I marked a stunning lay It was a widdor woman in a comfortable way I finished all arrangoments and decided wot to do, Tho mooii was waning'at the cined and-wouldn't rise And, just as look would hav it, whin I donned my: bizness togs, . ' It started far'to blow great guns, andrain like cats Sand dogs. But, bless your: soul, it woulda't do, I'd scareoly gained the street, " ;When round the corner Grisfiths came agoing around hisbeast, Iididn't care to meet him; so I took another road, And saw what looke'dliko Cdohrane doing his usual walks abroad. - Down Bomdko-hteet was MacHardy, and I didn't fanay him,, . Ho can'show a' 1ithr dangerous dovolopmoit of limb; So, I backed into" an :alloy whore the shadows gathered thick, And tumbled oveorOliver, who drowv his little stick; I didu't wait 'fur coaipliments, but started fur to go, Anid footed-itlike Tom .alono, and nearly trod on Lowve I' maile my;,way to Clifford-street and thought the coastwas clear, ]But 'mertoil came sailing up, with Hobden at the 'rear, A?id" rounding' into Auburn-street I saw another birotlier. ' . As! inuch like Canning odnstableaas one peoa's like ai-" ndther. ' Oli i drat 'ci;" says I to inyself,"' these sorv:ants of- thllesv"'" But-,my. soliloquy was stopped by one 'called -lem e..ha : _. f F -. Disgusted at the state of things, I homeward turned my feet; And Farreli.liko.a ghost turned up in Coromandel sreetcet : .'. . .. , And as I thought about C the ?ob my mind was sweooly bout on,' :... " Good night,'" says one, " good nighlt,' says' I, S"-'twasidib'inspector Fiston.:' ., Hard times, youi says? Wh bless mo when the S: worst is done and ovor ''' Yon ares, t iseack, justlilke a sh ep oots-waldwing an clever, '" ' . '7 - . . I 'i feared, lenssithsisni ;altci, I'shallE'have 'to chante my plan' 'And give the burglary bize':s?p and turn- an S honest ma. , -' :':i;·: · ___ _ "Live aiid leari is an axiom the truth of which as apeiplied to" the waolsinqfg of. Goverinmental Departmduts6 finds"iil alinost daily exemplification.' Every instance of the gross mismanagement of those wlto occupy positions- of impiortauice in, the h'Civ'il Service is sucoeeded in due course by another. Thli lateetthatetha hiscoe under our notice i. in' coniiection with the farmers' train which will' take its freight of sham buiolics to Sydney this afternoon:w'; We are distinctly' oppiosed to those trains, but for all that, in the: interests of- the public, we should like to see them:managed. well. .i But how, are they managed ? The adveriisement. giving, 'notice of ..thetrain appears in Saturday's -papers,. and` application. .for tile?ts must be made on Tuesday, givinig the'publie only four days at the outside to make up their milids: whether, or not they. ,will avail themselves- of the opportunity .of a cheap trip. This.-period is preposterously inadequate. The trains are run to siut the. convenience of a class who lare not regular trAvellers, ,who regard a trip, to Sydney as a most. important. affair, who make up their, minds weoeks .lifoio'they start, and who have to inake a tuinb?r df .niedful preparations. - It would he.safe to say' that there are scores who would have tra-iolled by to-day's train had they been given suflicient notice. What would be said.of.naspeculator-or a public body who secured a pIopula~ excursion-train and advertised it four days prior to its"edepartire ?- Sirimply that they were pronofnbced fools. That uncomplimentary epithet willnu doubt be applied to the noodles who preside o?er t-i ,affaisa of the railway dopartnment, bh?t it is little consolation to the taxpayer.who has to pay for their foolishness. ' This is not the only instance ofrblundering imni?onneetion with the timely announcement of excursion trains that we 'could give-in fact,.we doubt if proper notice is givehi in `one case:: out of -ten; but What is the use? of grumbling ? Officialdom Wears an larmuour too close to be penotrated by ordinary means. We want a Black Wednesday in Neaw South Wales, and until we get it, or until a thorough revolution- is effected in our Civil Service, muddle and mismanage? shent will:coiitiriie to hold sway. ' i The Philharmonic Society had not the elements in theirs favor last night, and though the blue jets of fire whiehlmomeritarily dilmned the gas lights were overy pituresque,' and'lhe'p'elting of the? in oii the verandah outside, was a fitting accompaniment to Sthe Haymakers' chorus-" A shower! hurry, hurry," a:nd the doep diapasoniof the thundor was onlysuffi eoihetly loud to Otdd to the bass of the organ, there is no doubt thby kept a few. away who otherwise would have been present. .The front figures of the strong chocus, in their delicate attire, standing out against the black coats of the sturdy mowers, looked so exquisite that it would go against our feelings to say any dispriiging words whatever against the performance. We hold the opinion that a musical critic should be blind, or at least so short-sighted 'that heo cannot 'distinguish between an angel of 'eighteen in all the ruddy freshness of health and youth, and a withered old dame with three coats of oarminb on each cheek and her eyebrows touched up with a camel hair pencil. Who can pretend to eritioise, except in an exuberantly eulogistic manner, when he sees about a score of ladies before him with neover a ribbon awry or a tress'out of its place, and :who only require a'Nubian attendant or two and a fan freshly pluoked.from a pahlm tree to be mddern Cleopatras, ready primed for the subjugation of an equal hnumber of modemn Maro Antoays !. No, we did' inuitol saying a, few-a very fow-wo-rds in deprecation of that habit '"oftfelearaphing between performers' and their friends in the dress circle or the third seat to tholoift, which is so prevalent ; but o's wo'placed the virgin sheet of paper. before .us there flaesh:d to' our recollcotion,' swiftly as 'one of those spurts of the electric fire which for tweo hours rbnt the embattled clouds, the vision of beauty with black hair, and brown hair, and flaxen hair, and eyes that no ma ,-least of all a critic in posse, could look into and remain unmoved, find all the mystori ous but exquisite ruffles and fringes which swam before us; and thus our intended caution, or repri niand, or admonition, passed, out of our thoughts ilike au.unpleasaut dream. Yes, we repeat, a musi 'cal critic, ought to be blind as Milton, or possess sualicient moral courage to sit with his back to the performers in sublime contempt of all the stringent otiquette of the concert room. 