TIuE SUBST'ANCEI AND TLBI SIIAI)OIV. Sln,-Your i Ghost" from Mlolbourno ays' that tho "iaterior of I Presbytorian Church is mado o a, nncomfortablo and dreary as poe siblo." I havo gono to Prohbyterian churchos for nonrly half a century, and I haveo over found them dreary nod unomfofortblo. WhVen e. hungry lnat i?it down to dinnor it is not tho glitter that he is taken up with, but tho good slubstantials that will eatisfy the hullngry app tito. So it in with thoso wiho go to thoe ouno of God with thoe desiro of meoctiug I lint there. Thero appears to me no surer sign of spiritual deay in a chllrh th:la wllhen it hls to holaho its?lf: to paint and semni-.tlhtricaels. Show may please the worbl. hut it is out of pl:ao in the house of God ; nlal thoseI ehunrho that have to?rn loust of it hlave beeoe!l fIrthest from spirituality. L.t minitetrs preach earnestly " Jesun Christ an?d llim crucified," and lot their own walk and that of the church moemhor hbo consitent, and thoro will bo no noed to have ruoouarn to paint. Blut it i tho' old story over again-" He hath no form nor comoliness;" and "Is not this the carpenter's son P" iBut the principle that indulgos in the paint in the ninetoeenth century is the very same principle that nwas at work in the tenth. A writer upon it says "Wo may also attribute a considerable number of the rites and insti tlltions that dishonoulred religion in this can, tury to foolish notions both concerning the SupromolBing and departed saints. For they imngined that God was like princes and great ones of the earth, who are rendered propitious by costly proesents, and ar delighted with thouo cringing salutations and other mnarks of vonorat,ion and holtmage which they receive from their subojects." But the doescendants of those who wouhll nnt, be ocught with the glitter, bult hose rather to worship God in tile mountains and glous,i oaves and in dons, in moor and il field. with a hedge for their biold, may well put up with a plain but" com fortablh " structuro. Whoen there is such a cry from our modern Macedonia (thoNow Ifebrides) to "'come over and help themo." I thinl our comfortable Chritilans m(igiht make a hotter use of their money thian put it on paLint ; I think Jesus would lioke it hettor.-Yours, to , May 18. ANTI-GLITTmE. 