A Tattooer's Tale. A NEW YORK Sun reporter recently interviewed a tattooer in Boston, who, when asked whether the demand for his labour was large, said: "You would be surprised to know hotr many different classes of people call upon me to have tattooing done. I have a great many uilora and boys, of coarse, but I cannot say that they aro my chief customers. I tattoo a great many commercial travellers, who wish a small mark upon their body as a means of identification in case of accident. Then ladies and children form a large proportion of my customen. A great many parents bring their children to be marked for identification in cue of loss or kidnapping. Children I almost in variably mark on the left leg just above the •okle. I usually put on some small distinguish ing mark, such as a star, an anchor, a strawberry, or often a simple dot. The process is not painful. The design is first drawn on the skin in India ink or vermilion; then it is a little •bricked in with needles. The other day a Hentleman came in bringing two little twin boys, about a year and a-half old. They were dressed just alike, and they were as similar in every respect as two white beans. The father wanted one of them marked, so mto be able to tell thorn apart without trouble. So I took one of the little chaps on my knee, and pricked a little dot on the left hand, on the space between the thumb and first finger. The boy looked on with great wonderment, but didn't utter a cry, and went off with his father, looking at his hand. I have many lady customers. I frequently have calls from ladies who wish some small mark for the purpose of identification in case of accident. Often they dislike to have a mark put upon the arm, especially society ladies. In such cases I frequently mark the shoulder, where the mark will be concealed even when in full dress. But I have very frequently put the initials, and sometimes the full name, upon the fleshy part of the upper arm. I had a curious experience once. I was engaged in tatooing Fred Padley from head to foot at the Dirao Museum. One day a lady came in, and, after watching the work for a time, slipped a paper into ray hand and asked me, in a low tone, to come to that address when I had finished ray work ut night. I told her that it would no doubt, be after midnight before I could call, but she said, very quietly, 'The hour niftken no difference. Como when you arc dono hore.' Thou she quietly dis appeared. She was a woman of remarkable appearance, tall, with a complexion of a peculiar, dazzling, waxen whiteness. Tier c-ycß wore large and black, and looked the more lustrous in contrast with her wonderful complexion. Well, I iinished •rk at tho museum about midnight, and then nt ftt once to the address given on the paper. It was in a well-known quarter ef the city, and the house was a fine brick structure. The lady was evidently watching for me at one of the front windows, for, before I could ring tbe bell, the door opened softly, and she quietly beckoned me to enter. The hall was dimly lighted. The lady was attired in a loosely fitting white wrapper, with arms bare, and in the dim light, with her marble-like com plexion, her white robe, and terrible black eyes, ahe looked like a very ghost Beckoning me to follow, she glided up the stairs and entered a large front chamber, lighted by a lamp covered with a shade, which cast a rosy hue about the room. Seating herself, she waved me into another chair, and then spoke. ' I have asked you to come,' «he said, 'to have my name placed upon my arm. I wish it placed across the shoulder, where it will not show much, and it must be in small but distinct letters. But—will it hurt much ? she asked, with a little shrinking back and a slight start I assured her that the operation would not be painful, but she sat a moment in thought, and then arose and went to her dress ing-case. *I must make a confession,' she said, suddenly turning and displaying in her hand a small bottle, which she had taken from a drawer; 'I must tell you that I am a confirmed opium-eater; I acquired the habit some years ago, when ill and taking morphine as a medicine, and I have never been able to break it off. I feel the need of the drug at tbis moment, and I fear the pain of the operation of tattooing. But I shall soon be beyond the reach of pain.' So saying, she filled the hollow of her palm with morphine from the bottle and swallowed the huge dose at once, with the aid of a little water taken from a glass. 'Iwish you to stay,' she re* sumed,' until lam fully under the influence of the drug, and then proceed with your work precisely as I have directed. It will be an hour or more before the drug takes full effect' Then she threw herself upon the bed, and I watched her silently from my chair. She lay quietly for a long timo with her eyes fixed on the ceiling, but by-and-by the lids drooped ovor tho great black eyes, and the long lashes lay on the marble cheeks, and she slept; but it was not a healthy sleep. She scarcely seemed to breathe, and I could perceive only the faintest movement of the white robe across her breast as it slightly rose and fell. It seemed like the sleep of death. At length I arose, and, arranging my tools and colours, went carefully to work. It was fully an hour, and perhaps two, before my task was done, for I took the utmost pains. But through it all she made not the slightest movement, nor uttered the slightest sound. At last the work was done, and I arose and looked around me. The lamp still burned brightly, and the little clock on the mantel ticked briskly. Just as my eye fell upon it it struck 3 with a peculiar soft far-off sound, liko a distant cathedral chime. I can not tell why, but a kind of terror seized me. I stared about me and listened, but heard no sound save the ticking of the clock. Then I realised where I waa, and a dozen fears sug gested themselves to me. Who was thu woman? Was she married or single? Was this a trick to entrap me ? Had she taken too large a quantity of the drug, and was she dead or dying ? I shook her slightly, but her hand dropped limp upon the bed. It waa long past midnight, and I was in an unfamiliar part of the city. Had she a husband or brother who would pounce upon me in a moment ? If she was dead, would I be held responsible? I glanced at the silent form upon the bed, and then, packing up my tools, hurriedly left the house. The next afternoon, while working in the museum, I chanced to glance up, and my heart leaped to my mouth, for before me stood the lady of the night before, her great lustrous eyes gazing down upon me. Calling me aside, she commended my work, paid me generously, and disappeared. I have never seen her sinoe. Ladies often have the initials or monograms of their lovers placed upon their arms. Onoe I put the words ' Dear Harry' on a young lady's arm. 1 had a curious esse once. A very pretty and stylish young lady came here in a cab. She wanted the initial 'P' in a fancy letter placed upon the top of her shoulder. 'You Bee,'she explained, *P stands for Paul, the—the gentle* man whom I—l am to marry. I don't want it where it will show, of course; but put it just where tho shoulder-band will cover it when I am in full dress. Make it blue, shaded with red.' She screamed a little when the needle made the first prick, but she soon discovered that the pain was insignificant, and the work was soon done to her satisfaction. "' How pleased he will be,' she said, when it was over; ' but he shan't see it until after we are married'" Bhe added, as Bhe went out " A few months afterward a carriage stopped at the door, and tbe same lady alighted and entered. 'You see,' she explained, with a very slight blush, ' that the gentleman whose initial you put on my shoulder doesn't —doesn't come any more, and I want it changed. Do you think —do you think you could change it to a B ?' "'Oh, yes,' said I; 'that can bo done veiy easily.' "'You see, this gentleman's name is Bash ford, and I thought you could change it easily.' "So I changed the P to aB. and put on a few flourishes, and she left. I thought I bad seen tho last of her, until a few months ago she came again, and blushed in earnest. "' Well,' said I, laughing, 'must I change it again ? What is his name now ?' "' His name is Mortimer; and oh ! wo are to be married next week, and my dress and veil aro all done, and I am afraid of making him angry, for he knows nothing of tbo others. Do you think you could change the B to anM?' " ' That would be impossible,' said I; ' but I can cover tho letter over with some other design, if you would like that.' "'No, I shouldn't like that. It wouldn't mean anything,' she said, looking almost ready to cry. Then suddenly Bhe looked up and cried out: ' Oh, I have it! I just doto on Beethoven, and so does he. I'll let the B stand for Beethoven, and you shall put on the first two measures of his sonata iv A minor. Won't that be nice ?' " Seizing a pencil, she marked a staff and a few notes of music on a scrap of paper, and handed it to me. I sketched on her shoulder a scroll, bearing tho initial II in the centre, and then drew in the stalF ami notes an she had indicated, it. was quite a nice job, but she was very patient, and iinally went away smilinsr, and humming the nir which I had tatooed on her shoulder." " Did you ever see her again ?" " A few days later I chanced to be in the Boston and Albany depot, when a lady and gentleni.au paaard hip, poing toward the train. She had tho look of a briuo, and as tbey passed me sho gave me a glance and bummed the air that I had scratched upon her shoulder," 