CHARITY SUNDAY. Yesterday was observed in the majority of churches in Ballarat and district as “ Charity Sunday.” The weather was beautifully fine, and the congregations in most instances were large, so far.as a comparison-can be made at this early stage the coilections 1 this year are slightly in. advance of those of last year. Nothing definite can be known,-how ever, for a few days. It is more than pro ibable that a “ drum-head”' service will be arranged. for during the summer months, which should augment the amount received considerably, t The Roman Catholics, Jews,' All Saint's’ Church, and other .congregations will : make their effort on behalf of the charities at a later date: Below we refer to' the services in a few of the churches, and also publish a list of the amounts collected so far as we hive been able to ascertain them. ; Christ Church Pro- Cathedral.—Afch decon Julius, 31. A., the vicar, preached in the pro-Cathedral on .Sunday morning and evening, sermore in aid of the local charities. In the morniuj the text of discourse was Hebrews viii., jart of sth'verse, “ See that thou make all tlings according to the pattern shown to thee iu the mount.” The arch deacon said, “ Uves innumerable are con stantly being sacifieed through want of con formity to a pttern. The pattern, the type, the idealj life is indeed before all the world, but; it is unheeded by most. The majority ■ c men are quite content if their lives do, not fall much below the average standard of living. The problem of life,; the art of complete living, does not trouble them, ad hence they fail of reach ing that life which it was possible to attain. “Se thou make all things ac cording to the pttern showed to thee in the mount.” This Was God’s admonition to Moses, who wi about to construct the tabernacle of the Lord. He was referred to God’s ideal, and 'mace his success. • If he had disregarded ttis, and had looked to Egypt for a pattern, Where would have' been produced a miserable iuitation of Egyptian idolatry, quite unworthy of the living God and of the needs of his people. If, on the other hand, he had, soto speak, evolved the pattern of a tabernaci out of the depths of hi3 consciousness hevvouhl, doubtless, have produced somethingjetter than a poor copy of au unsuitable orijnal; but yet' even this would be-so imperfecas to be quite un-. available for the purposeintended. Moses, by! his sojourn in Horo, -ywas "made ac quainted with God’s desip, and was, there fore, enabled to carry ou; the tabernacle in all its details, accordingio the “pattern” shewed “in the mount.” ji like manner with regard to human life and liaracter, the ideal is the only real. In so fr as men strive to realise this ideal in thef daily life, "they are [ fulfilling .their deiiny, accomplish ing their work in te world, doing the : will of God; in io far as they are -neglecting or living'iontentedly below or running counter to. tls ideal, they are assisting to defeat the punose pf their exist ence. Lifeiudeedisaterribeprobleinformost, for all to solve. In this qe of the world we are brought face to face ith Titanic forces working remorselessly along the children of men. Want and diseas, human suffering in every shape and form, odily and mental, appears to be the inevitabj atteniiant, if not the result of modern ivilization. That famous expression of a sientist, “ the sur vival of the fittest,” was all very well as regards the survivors (‘the fittest ”) but .what worlds of unexpressd agony were work ing among the “unfit.” Look again at the. old country, tlie popnlaton of which it has been; calculated at the preen t rate of progress in twenty generations word reach the sum of 27,220,000,000. All overbe worldthe habit able spots were being rajdly occupied, and there was certainly a thinkble time when the whole earth " would be oerspread with its teeming millions of hnmaibeings. Even in this fair land of Victors, the pressure of want, together with the elects of fierce com petition, had produced a state very much the reverse of what was o be looked for in such a colony as ours. Ye need not to go far to meet wrecked lives-men, women, aud children—in sorrow and nisery, all fit ob jects for Christian compasion. No doubt, in many instances tliese ad cases were the natural result of wilful sii, in others of un pardonable ignorance, bit in many cases the sufferers were innocent victims. It seemed, indeed, that concurrently with the so-called progress of clviliation, there .was also ; evolved deeper intensity of human suffering. Well, then, however caused, suffering and sorrow were vith us. What is our duty ? How should «e deal witli these mysterious facts of life ? Let us refer to the pattern—our Heavenly pattern—the Lord Christ. . He voluntarily emptied Himself of His glory, choose the lowest station in life in order that he might personally suffer, and thus make Himself acquainted with grief. Christ lived the typical, the pattern life for maukind, and it is only as each one for him self entersinto the spirit of that lifethat hecan understand that there is a kingdom, not of this world, transitory, but au eternal king dom—tlie ideal for the whole human race. Means of dealing with human misery must necessarily vary with tlie development of society. While in early times iu the East cases of misery were dealt with or neglecteclas they arose, in modern times we have what is an effect of Christianity—our Hospitals, our Benevolent Asylums, our Orphanages, -and like kindred institutions. By these means suffering and distress were better relieved and much greater good done than by the hap-hazard unscieuctific the early times. There was here, however, a danger to be guarded against—the decline of per sonal influence through the very improve ment of onr machinery for relieving the distresses. The principle underlying Christ’s manner of dealing with distress was that of person influence. Nothing could effectually make up for its loss. Our subsciptions may be large, our machinery unimpeachable, but the magnetic force of personal influence must go along with all our other efforts, or our ex ertions would be comparatively fruitless. Here in Ballarat we bave three noble institutions of which thetown and citymightwell feel proud. These institutions for the relief of the sick, the care of the aged poor, and the shelter and training of the orphans, were each and all deserving of their hearty sympathy aud support, sympathy and support not of a spasmodic kind as in giving on an occasion like the present, but a hearty personal in terest in the institutions, so that, as in the case of a hospital, the sick should get drugs true to measure, not homeopathic doses of something having a genuine smell instead of the genuine article. Let the young people, especially those who would have to continue these charitable works so well begun by their fathers, the pioneers of Ballarat,' remember that it was alike their duty and their privilege to carry these works on in a like self-sacrificing and public spirit. After some further lemarks the archdeacon concluded an eloquent and interesting ser mon. There was a good congregation. Archdeacon Julius, M.A., preached again in aid of local charities in the even ing. Text, St. John’s Gospel, ix., 2 and S. The archdeacon delivered an eloquent and stirring discourse, attentively listeued to by a very large congregation. The total collec tions at Christ-Cimrch pro-Cathedral for the day were £62- 6s 3d (including £2 10s 2d from the Sunday before). Congregation; Church, Dawson street. — Tlie Rev. Dr Roseby preached to large con gregations. His morning sermon was based on Proverbs xix., 17—“ He ' that hath pity on the poor lendetli to the Lord.” He told the story of Dean Swift’s celebrated charity sermon, which he said was a model of brevity, anyhow—“ Brethren, if you are satisfied with the security,- down with the money.”-; He spoke of the familiar operation of “lending.” He analysed the character of the : transaction. He stated that though there was a sense'(as in the text) in which we might lend to God. :It was well for us to bear in mind, .to begin with, that nothing of all a man had was really his own. It was a loan from God. We speak of the sacredness of pro perty. It was a true phrase if only we understood its real meaning. It meant that God had more to do With our property than we ourselves had. The corn was His. It grew upon His land. He (the preacher) said emphatically His land. No man made the land. , And a man’s property in land was conditioned by its sacredness as belonging, by a j paramount right, to God. The gold and silver, and coal and iron, the sheep and oxen, the fowl of the air, and the fish of the sea—“the cattle upon a thousand hills”— all were God’s. Man was but entrusted with them as a loan. And how strictly true it was that no man had really more than a temporary use of these things. His rights never went beyond those of usufruct. Then, speaking of poverty, the preacher spoke of one large class of those who seemed fatefully aud constitutionally unfortunate. He spoke of those who lived by the needle. Alas, lie said, the needle has perhaps slain.as many as the sword. The lines will live as long as the which speak of the Boor - sempstress as— ; ; * : < . Sew-ing at once, with a double thread. , A shroud os well as a shirt. Lastly, speaking; of Christian consecration-, and the gift of charity, he pointed out how though all we had was a loan from God He> graciously condescended (as our Lord in Matthew xxv.) to treat our gifts as a loan to Him. We aring no ghastly holocaust, We pile no graven stone; He serves Thee best who loveth most His brothers and Thy own, , Thy litanies, sweet olßces Of love and gratitude; • " Thy sacramental liturgies, ' - ~ ' The joy of doing good. St. John’s, Peel street.—The Rev. J. W. Inglis officiated both morning and evening." At-’ the morning service the discourse was, based on Deuteronomy, xv.,11, “For the poor shall never cease outtof the land; there fore I ‘ command thee, saying, ‘Thou shali Open thy ; hand wide with thy brother, to thy poor, aud to thy needy, in thy land.’” Mr Inglis also spoke on Galatians, ii., 11. In the evening the rev. gentleman also preached an appropriate sermon. There was a large congregation at each service. B.akkly street -Wf.slevan Church.— Morning—The Rev. Mr Pitcher. Text— Acts x., 38, “How God aunointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power;who went about doing good, and. healing all that were oppressed of the devil for God was with him.” 'Evening—The Rev 1 . Mr Priestley. Text—“ Therefore he is also able to save, them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.” Wesleyan- Church, Lydiard street. The Rev. J. P. Horsley preached in the morning to. a large' congregation, choosing as ■ his text, Hebrews vii., 25—“ Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by Him, seeing He ever liveth to make intercession for them.” The sermon was not a charity one, but the preacher prior to his discourse in a few well chosen, sentences urged the claims of the charities. The preacher at night was the pastor' of the church, the Rev. M. Dyson, who' chose as his text, Matthew xix., 21 “Give.to the poor.”- In an excellent and well-thought-out address the preacher urged upon his. hearers the necessity of giving to aid ;the poor and" suffering.- At the same time the donors should give justly; they should not make their creditors suffer in order .to- appear generous. The man who did this was giving what did not belon" to him. The collections for the day amounted to £3O 12s. Erenezer Presbyterian Church.—The Rev. M. Dyson preached in the morninir, from Mark, xiv, S—“ She hath done what she could.” The preacher contrasted the conduct of the Magdalen with that of Judas Iscariot, who blamed the woman for an action which the Lord defended. He re marked that there would always be found those who would urge that money might be better spent, but urged his hearers rather to listen to their own consciences, aud, in the matter of giving to the charities as in every thing else, “ do what they could.” The Rev. W. L. Morton, pastor of the church, preached at night from Genesis, xix, 17 —“ Escape for thy life.” This sermon was not one dealing with charity, but the preacher advocated the cause for which special collections were being made that day, aud- urged his congregation to give liberally. The collection in the morn ing amounted to £lO, and that at the Sun day school to £2 10s. We were unable to ascertain the amount of the evening offer tory. St. John’s Church, Soldiers Hill.—The services throughout the day were conducted by the Rev. R. Johnson Mercer. The morn ing service was on Proverbs xvii., 17—“A brother is born for adversity.” There was a large congregation, and the offertory amounted to £l6 10s. In the afternoon the annual flower service was held, when the parishioners quite filled the church. The address was on Psalm civ., 24—“ 0 Lord, how manifold are Thy works; in wisdom hast Thou made them all; the earth is full of Thy riches.” Offertory, £7 15s lOd. The church was most beautifully decorated with flowers in pots, and made up in bouquets, amongst them was a bunch of the gorgeous crimsou Waratah, from New South Wales. After service, the flowers were taken to the hospital by the elder scholars and distributed among the patients. The text at evening service was from Acts xx., 35 —“ Remember the words of the Lord Jesus. ‘lt is more blessed to give than to receive.’ ” Offertory, £9 6s 2d. Total for day, £33 12s. St. Andrew’s Kirk.—There were large congregations at both services, the pulpit being occupied by the Rev. J. \Y. Abernethy, M.A- In the morning the rev. gentleman preached froniProverbs, xvi., 22, “He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruletli his spirit than he that taketh a city.” The basis of the evening’s sermon was Ist Corinthians, xiii. 9 and 10,. “ For we know in part, and we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect is come; then that which is in part shall be done away.” The collections in the kirk amounted to £35 10s Id, anil in the Sunday school to £5 15s. The preacher was not aware of it being charity Sunday, or the sermons would have been more appropriate to the occasion. St. Paul’s Cnußcn, Ballarat East.—The Rev. R. T. Cummins preached at'both ser vices. In the morning lie chose as his text, I Corinthians, xiii., 13, and in the evening I Kings, xvii., 16. The collections amounted to £2O 13s 3d. St. Stephen’s Church, Clayton street.— The aunnal Charity Sunday service was con ducted in the morning by the Rev. R. A. Whyte, M. A., taking for his text John, xvii.,. 9\. In the evening Mr Carmichael preached from I Corinthians, xiii., 13. Collection, £1 13s. The following list of amounts collected has been officially supplied:— Wesleyan Church, Lydiard street.. --’j 1 |2 •> Wesleyan Church, Mount Pleasant •. 3jj 10 St. John's Presbyterian Church "".la Church of Christ, Dawson street (Disciples) 5 0 b Do Sunday school .. ■ ■ • • „ James Chue, Mission House, Ballarat East - t , Congregational Church, Dawson street .. 24 - J Do Sunday school .. .- •• ".,7 Mechanics'lnstitute .. .. •• 0 * Christ Church Mission Sunday school .. 0 j-j J St. Andrew's Kirk 5- a Do Sunday school .. • • '' -n St. Peter’s Church .. •. " , - r Do Sunday school .. .. '' -1 1? i Christ Church Pro Cathedral .. £ Do Sunday school .. • • • ■ « United Methodist Free Church, Peel street 3 » St. John’s Church, Soldiers Hill .. ' n n Scots’Church, Soldiers'Hill .. Do Sunday school .. • • • ■ ” „ . Primitive Methodist Church, Eyre street.. - „ Primitive Methodist Church. Darling street 1 “ St. Stephens’ Church, Clayton street .. ‘ “ . Do Sunday school ... .. " E - Church of Christ, Peel street .. ’ s St. Paul’s Church, Ballarat East .. ’ ’ n Do Sunday school .. -. ’’ in n 0 Baptist Church, Dawson street .. " , k o Do Sunday school .. - - • • j s r Welsh Church, Armstrong street.. I« Do Sunday school .. •• •• 1 , J Wesleyan Church, Brown Hill .. • - - ‘ 