. THEATRE ROYAL. Leisie, Mr. Ghat-lea Viucout. Acting Manager Mr. Harwoud. Final RE'hbejfext op Mr. J, C.' Lambert. .. Wben. lie will mako ius last ai-penranco on any stage for ever. Those fr ends wtio desire to honor Mr. Lambert with their presence on this occasion, will please take their places immc- . diately. . The Gentlemen Amateurs have consented to appear on this occasion wit-i Mr. Lambert. ' This Evening. Thwsday, February 27th, 1868, The Performance will commence with the 2'cd Act of Brinsley aheridan's brilliant comedy "THE RIVALS." Sir Anthony Absolute - Sir... I. 0 Lambert Ciinracters .by fche;Cbnipany.; . . . , To be fo'lowed by the 1st' Act of Bnlwi-r ' Lytton's comedy of , "MONEY." .Sir John Vesey - Mr. J. 0. Lambeit (his last appearance in thrtt.oliaractor for ever). ' ; Alfred Evelyn ' - -; :Mr. William Levev ' Sir Prenerick Blount - Mr. Marous Clarke . stout - Mr. Charles Wiirner Other Charnoters by the Amateurs, i ' Trio— '-Hark! the Lark at Heaven's Gnti , Sings"— Mr R. Stewart nnd Misses Dooy mid Maggie 8tewait. ' To -be .succeeded by Scenes (including Screen Seem ) Irom Sheridan's Comedy, 'THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL" Sir.Poter Teazle - - Mr. J. O. Lambert (the last character he will ever act on i _ any Stage). Joseph Surface - iir. Charles Vincent Lady Teazle - - Miss Oluvulitu'd To which .will be added the Farce entitled "THE MODEL HUSBAND," ; . -Supported by Mr.-H. R. Harwood and Company. Mr. J. 0. Lambert will then lead the confess- ' ion of his faults and bid bis friends a final adieu Doors Open at 7. Commence at 8 preci ely. 5 . . .PRIORS AS . USUAL. V ./ The following is a copy of his address: - '! Ladies and Gentlemen: — I. am about to quit tins world of mine for - ever, to. cross the footlights and live in your' world, It is very much the custom ou .occasions when people are going out of the world to make a full confession of ; all their sins, and I will acknowledge the excellence of the ' custom by adopting it, so that you shall not say that I gave up the ghost, without recounting the many sins of which I have been guilty, both since I came among you, and many'years before that time." "These as you may suppose were very, numerous, for .they, hivve-.been- goiiig on without intermission these two and forty year's. I will begin ' with the worst offences, and admit I have committed murder — In the early 'part of my career. especially, I ac- ' knowledge to have murdered several — parts, with which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope I have been Jess guilty in this respect, and that the shades of Shakespeare, Hen Johnson, Congi-eve, Otway, Mussinger, Rowe, an'd Sheridan have been appeased, I trust by my having imparted a little life, to some of their creations.". " I have committed bigamy so often -that I cannot recount the number of instances, I have married more wives than'.Brighaiii Young, so that it is not -..surprising if I should number my sons aiid daughters by scores if not hun- dreds. Some of them, I grieve to say, I have treated with great cruelty, , turning them out of doors to beg or starve, cutting them off with a shilling, forcingthem into mercenary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des- i perate measures." "In connection with these wicked proceedings I have used the most violent language to my offspring, but many times when in the very onslaught of my furious denunciations I have relented and only uttered half a curse. " At this' moment, if I had not great strength of mind I should be over whelmed with remorse at the conse quences of my severity." " I have' to deplore the necessity of frequently numbering among my acquaintances, "' and ' even among' my friends, some .very, incorrigible. iscoun- ' 'd.reis; ' but I beg you will place in juxtaposition with this fact, the cir- ; cumstance of having; also, been on intimate terms with many kind hearted persons of every degree of society. Indeed, 1 may here remark, that in respect to social position, my friends and acquaintances have been of the highest and lowest rank, with every intermediate grade, and that their dispositions have varied as. Infinitely as their social position." : "My own predilections have been in like manner fluctuating. At one time I have been so miserly that I have denied 'myself the common' and . most absolute necessaries ; at others felt' myself prompted b.v generous impulses so strong that I have had no hesitation irt giving away large sums of money, vast estates, priceless jew els, and even crowns and kingdoms."; "I confess, however, these gifts have been, bestowed with but an in discriminate hand, and that undeserv- \- ing men have profited- by my promis cuous liberality." "Like all other members of my profession, I have lived a, double; life, and .i.t.is.ofily in one of mine, the..great crimes I liave enumerated and ac- ' knowledged havebeeii committed. My serious, vices,' I "trnst;-'have all been . . committed this side of the footlights. " " But in the world where in future I ani going tb'dwellj I trust 'you will credit me wnth .havjng done my duty aha good citizen, and that when in a few days I step on board the vessel which \yill bear me fioiii this Friglit andlhealiitif.til'.'.ntry, I. shall carry . with, me your good wishes and your kihdly;esteem," .'-'-Permit me a parting .word.abQut .my brother managers, w.th whom for the-last twelve months -I-have heen \intimately associated. Ineverthought 'to.hiive!d rifte(l.i n tomanagemont again , but (there, were .such .pressing reasons w.liyj.tl'u4.fi iLe.'.theatre..sh.p.uld . not be allow, ed to lose / resttge, and why it \- shbiild'iiot fall into incompetent hands that I consented to become one of the co-partnerships by which its- affairs .liaye Jjeen. lately, adjninistered." "I appeal to you to say whether we" have managed the Theatre Royal satisfacfeo;rily."acd whethei- 'w'e' have not fulfilled the promises made at the "beginning of our career. Although we liave noli obtained a wonderful pecuniary success, I can but think that we have given our patrons fair value for their money, and I am happy tc think at this moment that the repu tation and' popularity of the Theatre Royal are as good as they have at any time been , since it was opened nearly ' fifteen years'ago. Let me ask you to continue your support. to the mana-. geriiii firm as it now exists— at least an' equal measure of support. Its members are well known to you, and are, T am sure; -greatly respected." - " (Tohe Continued J. 