- THE PŁACE OF REASON IN RELIGION. On Su^dwW'SfflSttkfiKf ndependeift Church, the ROT Mr Currie continued his dfflcourse on. this subject, basęd on itHe, rtext, ''.But.there is a spirjt in man, and the inspiration óf <tii<3 Almighty givefli himinnderstanding.". ..TLeAendeavor to build the temple of worship upon the ruins of reason is absurd andr self-defeaping, and it is a,disease of the moral nature which leads 1 people to tjiink that religion can be the . child rof terror. Such j a passage shows that even an uninspired than like Elihu knew how to diagnose the religious sensations. He found that hallmark stamp of divinity Upon m'an's'inwafd nature; juBtaB we may see that rt is the light of God which 1 causes the 'shadow jto retreat across the dial of - spiritual being. That we have a sense iof God- and a knowledge of spiritual communings is a revelation of consciousness which carries its own evidence. As the existence of a book indicate&a; th inkihg braiii, so the light within lis says, ' Godj is Light.' Not until a man ceases to believe in nimseU can he give up this belief; but when benumbed in the arctics of selfishii m : anything may/happen. Every discovery presupposes something to be known. That which has-quickened the moral sense of humanity cannot be described in more fitting language 'than that' "used in flie i Holy ^Scriptures, lOiujpiritualfpnsciojisńess informs us ot a * Holy Ghost.1 As [we feel that it is neither the photograph {of our friend,'nor his letter, nor yet our own reasoning, but the Setose • of a - subtle, spiritual essence-which comes to the p of contact with our. spirits, and .knits bonds of affection, so 'does* the Bil in varying manner, : disclose to the human heart in .fellowship With the pervading spirit óf the. universe. This fact of consciousness, let it-be notpd, does not rest upon the authority of names, nor upon the any theory of the mode of - communication.' All tha^ fny church car collection of- boots'can d merely in the. .way of aiding to clei reading of .'the facts.-,-It is to the heart we must appeal and not to the confined, utterances of Babel ! The broad grojind taken by Elihu is the safe one, for it is through the elevation of thought andjthe purification of feeUng that ire know and inteipret'GotL "Very numble may" have been the beginning Iof this moral science, yet we. cap be quite certain that it 'has been through the ghostly interpretation of the inward throb that, humanity hps been led in all ages to struggle for righteousness, and to. diffuse the unselfish charities of religion around. If questioned as to how spirit acts npoti spirit, • we do not know. -Ol ultimate substance we-know nothing ; it'-transcends all definition, veiling its essential essence amid folds viewless and intangible. 'Oar assumptions of the immateriality of spirit do not help us here ; they but start other and more difficult questions ! ' Who by searching can find out God?' and 'Who knowetii'the spirit of a man whether it goeth upward, or the spirit of a beast whether it goeth downward ?' That we ourselves have been produced we cannot but know, and that we are producers of combinations in the circumstances of being we cannot deny. There is a principle of consciousness which links the most solitary .human unit in fellowship with creative Energy. There is Within us that to which we cannot help attaching the sense of a moral activity and the attributes of a selfcontrolling responsibility; a bundle of contradictions, - if you' will, but yet a bundle!., A skill, not creative, but cooperative in knitting'' the threads- of destiny; an organ limited in range, but 'capable of consistent readings ; -of the hieroglyphic -moral of the universe; a voice broken, and tremulous withy unces-- tainties, yet capable of pathetic renderings of the anthem of hope; bent under sąctflar burdens, yet ever straining ;as it lories through teare, ' Unto thee do I. lift, up mine eyes; O thou that dwell est in the heavens. . . . The. insensible things, -then, are dearly seen, being understood by the things that are made. Our knowledge of phenomena indicates the spirit within and • the Almighty one without." What arie" the facts of hope and fear and duty but the self- modifications undertaken by the tenant within, who feds that lie' holds.life under an improvement. plause ? Be^-awayback with the ghóśOy fekrs of barbarian peoples; trace the muddy streams of superstition; wander with the .. - - a, - • w ,, hioral' activity of a vision which looks both ways as indicaJManlonr tejt. Thus we are. led. to conclude that all phenomena throbs at heart with -piopal feeling. God, in-reasonable communion with the spirit of man, is a lesson of human history which gives sanctity to all life ; the still; small voice which we may hekr within is also an echo of the shout of nations. Such'considerations will bring ns-to feel .that weare now under She laws-if the spiijŁ-srorld, and they will do much to give body to our faith aiid ^oulfcó' our Toio wledge. 