IN THE MAX TIME. (HAKSE t A WOMAK WITH . A. ffUjTOCT No I am certainly -not that ; Aunt Mary may be.' Bat Aani Mary's story 18 not the one I am goins noirto telL Bits of it may crop up here and there ; bat most- of it she has. ' got ' looted away where we cannot get atit My " story is only of , me, baby May, the y oongest child of the town's greatest man ! There goes-one of my slips. Now in i my middle age l teep my tongue more , qniet ; bat'alack axtdialasi who shall ever -drive -ont the old Adam ! And my tongne waa,to use the words of an old man-servant of onrs, 'just dang in the middle, andsn went " clock clack " at both -ends!' Naturally, I thought my father the greatest man in Westbory. He was Dr. Freeling of Westbnry, a small mid land town ; but twenty years ago I did not know much of the world, and the doings and the folks of our county filled my actual horizon. Z dare say in' the beginning I was spoiled. When one is the youngest of eight, and when, above that youngest there has been an inroad made hv Death, the spoiling i»»»d petting of ' the baby' may be harmful, but" must be natural. I do not remember the spoiling, how ever.. What Xdo.xemember was. that I had a very good time of it generally, and 'high jinks,' as the boys and I called it, when those same boys were home for their holidays.. 1 could climb trees as well as they. I ' could fish- and row as -well as they. At cricket I was their match, for a girl is deft and quick.- of hand and eye and fleet of 'foot. Gradually, of course, time ended many of delights ; bat I managed to fiiltoeir places with new onst,- I was nineteen. The boys were no longer boys. Hugh was at Alderahot, ner with my father. All the rat were i married. Hugh had a week's leave, and he and I were thoroughly enjoying ourselves. OLcocrse- he was only a lieutenant as y et ; bat I specially remember one walk of oors. He had been telling me of his last love. Hugh's loves had been many, and I paid - little real attention to this tale of his:' I was in one of- my wild fits, and my ears heard without my mind tafeingin one. hit. Hugh ' and T were up by the canal, which'angineeringof some fifty or mors years back had' carried along some, upper grjonnd. In fact it rose so high abore'it; that our dear lazy river ran ueoenui.- u tu» urn: piact wuctk, uy engmeeringr(£3I:that I never troubled myhead abont, the canal waters were 1 ' 1 " r — g " 1 — aqueduct above the river waters. The point that struck this fact into my mind was the'pppnlar- briief that, if ever this bridge should burst, Westbnry would be swamped." I was wild- and fearless; bnt bits of superstition terrorised me, and vague horrors did lie same. I never crossed that bit of -canal-path where I could look down upon the reedy river, with out shaking nerves and harrying feet: It had'beenso on this -May monnng. Once agaimoff the iron pathway and on terra firma, I turned round ahrnptly on Hugh and shouted to him to 'hurry up.' Then I careered alone a bit forward, to where the lock-house stood, and still Hugh was lodteringuu the bridge. I again shouted, and then I heard him shout ; but not to me, and he flourished his straw hat Naturally, I ran back, to- him. 'Go round,' he called to me ; ' it's Jim Conolly. 3711' meet yon.' He came a bit nearer, and I understood that he was going to -swing himself over the caxdng and. scramble down the bank to the river. ' ' Make him come round.1 Z answered. ' Who is: he ? ' ' Have you beetrdeaf! He is Nan Conolly's brother.' Hie was, gone, and was. flying: down the tangle ot rose bushes sndblackberry bathes and white May, ' Gonolly,' OonoUy,' I mused, as I walked on my way, "There are no Conolly's here ; what has he come farf I was recsiledby Hugheallingto me. He and a young man were on thexippo- site bank, and the young man had a long' branch of whrfc& May in iris hand. The next-moment X was ' introduced, and by- and-by the stranger began talk ing about my; name— ' May;'- ' If yon- want tar know the troth,' I saidblnntiy,' lam-nnthingbutproBaic Mary, oniy"-Mriea "abound in oar family, "»d I was bom on May-day, so l am to be kno wn as May Fretatiig-at yonrserrioB.!. 'ffim-I made him & cartefi Afr-amnsed look sprahg-intohia eyes, and immsdiately afterwards a grave look. »' T-jfrm- jfcfeil jm we tiaipitdtynttliB miration,' X coed.- I had. no reason for trinA'I-aidd:; in'nctnal trnth the wards had -no mraning,,teyond the notion (hat theysright.aonsBhow-.fit thesudden gtavity of his face. . Again another rapid-. changB-came,' and from distressed " seriousness he plunged"' into. mErrimeatrand met: me on'inytwu ground. . , '"3 Gssj, he- ianghed, ' it': .would be a ahiatinn-cd"' intense gravity—" MSss stone." , ©aarl lmS nfflnn- thatr! Efc'ie more likely to be " May half-a-dozen things," long before ninety comes !' ' Kckle woman !' and he tossed his dark head with a mimicry of sarcasm, and waved his branch of . White May. Hugh was striding a few paces ahead, 'We want Shaw here,' he pnt in grimly; ' clack clack at both ends.' ' Mystery 1 — there is a tale — tell it to me.' As Conolly talked in this way, he kept time to his short sentences by plucking the white bunches of May flowers, and gathered them together in one hand, making them into a snowy ball. 'Yes,' T said, it is the mystery of the family. Beware how you play with it J ' 1 feel I must make this mystery my own — my very own ! Again he made a show over the empty words. Empty words ! A meaning suddenly made them foil to overflowing, and my face at once was scarlet ' W hatrubbish yon two are talking !' said prosaic Hugh, turning round again, and waiting until we stood there abreast Was it likely my spirits should be so snubbed f Not at all! I covered my momentary discomposure by tossing my head wilfully, and by frowning upon Euign in a mocK-tragic manner. no not interfere with Mr. Conolly's and my conversation,' I said. ' Hie has scented the mystery of Westbnry, and declares he will hare it for his own — ' 1 Stop, May.' For his own,' I repeated. And I am going to give it him.' You must go your own way.' ' I generally do,' was my answer. ' " Clack, clack," were the words of the mystery,' 'Yes? Conolly's attention seemed gone from my story to the bunch of flowers he was trying to tie together with a bit of grass. ' Well, translate them, and yon will find they mean " swish, swish." That, explained, will be found to mean the sound oar ghost makes.' Conolly's eyes were laughing. 'A real ghost !' ' Certainly. Wellgo in at the back gate and up the laurel walk, so HI show yon the hunting grounds of our ghost, only — don't try to see her? Ashe? Why not see her? Because,' and I screwed my month into a show of sad pensiveness, ' I should be grieved to think I had spoiled your life '.' ' You could not ; you could only — ' ' She's talking the most outrageous nonsense,' Hugh began. 'Now, please be quiet. I am giving the legend exactly. The ghost, a de parted Freeling of Charles's time, only comes to foretell evil to the people who see ner. a womon.t see ner myseix ior the world !' Here an attack of super stitious fear came upon me, and.fay some trembled and felt cold. I clasped my hands together quickly. ' We'll change the subject,' Conolly said quickly. ' Have I not made a lovely snowball f Yes.' ' It is for you. Will you not have it V 'Oh! no, no!' I shuddered and drew away. Conolly looked at Hugh and then at me. Again the hot colour surged over my face. ' Don't you know,' I cried, ' that if yon give May yon give bad lock 1 And if yon carry it into a boose yon carry evil fortune into that house, don't yon know? ' Then here goes !' and he lifted his arm to fling the thing into the water. Again, a new humour seized me, and I felt I could not so hurt a man who was simply showing me a kindness. ' Let me smell it,' I said, ' first.' 'No.' How firmly he said it ! ' I will ! Yon are angry with me !' and with a spring I caught his uplifted hand, and had the white snowy hall of May under my nose. What next freak would take me ? Apparently no freak at. all for T nniatJv mm the thinir hfu-.lr lntn hia ha-ruln Now you have given me bad lock.' He shook his head and laughed. Never; mind, we'll throw it away ; we'll command good lock.' CHAPTER n. The week of Hugh's leave was also a week of Mr. Conolly's visit. To put a large amount of domestic history into a small space it most be told that- Hugh had made acquaintance with the Conollys in London, and that .he . had entirely lost his heart to Nan Conolly. Hugh meant business this time, as we found out, and he meant that the Conollys end Freelings qhnnld become friends. It was the last day of his- leave. For some reason of my own £ had taken myself off to the apple-orchard, rosv now with lovely blossom. C was standing under a tree that was literally i a mass of pink flowers; a few yards from me was SSas Shaw, our old gar dener, Inspecting his various charges. I had not spoken to him yet, for my own afiairs filied my mind, and I was simply arfa'qg out a wild piece of coquetry. Yes, it was as bad.asthah n»« week had been a week of marvels ; but no w the end was -come, all the marvels seemed quite natural things. Malcolm: said, that I 'bad been going.it rather too stwmg !' And the words were applied to the manner in width I had treated Hugh's friend, Mr. Conolly: He amused , himself with me, why AimM I not amuse-, myself with. himJt But; alack! I wasfeeling horridto think that he was guihg away. Now, putting various things, to gether, and feeling really a sorrow in my heart, would such a girl as L look meek before him, and show a man that she — she — cared for him ? That she wanted- him by her side! That she would, the moment he had gone, fly np to her room and weep her first tears of real woe! Not I, indeed ! May Freeling would never show any man. any such weakness. To be wild was the best antidote for any woeful feelings down in the depths of my heart ; so presently, having faced my difficulty prosaically, I m»i-etied from under the shadow of my rosy tree, and made for Silas Shaw. If I did not seek somebody, some body would seek me, 1 knew. So I stayed ont of doors. I chatted with Silas, and at last I heard Hugh's voice calling : < May ! May ! Where are yon ? ' Here she be, Master Hugh !' Silas lifted bis voice. ' Be qniet !' £ commanded. ' If they want ms they can come for me.' ' They !' the old man repeated, and actually winked. ' la't another weddin', mianin eh ! Weddin's be rare good days.' ' One of your grandchildren going to oe marnea I As mat it r A pulled down a rosy bough, and, plucking off a cluster of bloom, stuck it in my belt. ' Law Miss May ! Five good cod tins gone there. Now, don't do it dearie 1' Ho looked almost tearfully at my bunch of pink flowers. ' Eh, I think it'll be a weddin'.' Do yon ? I laoghed. ' I don't. Yes, I do.' 'Gontrairy, Miss May! He's a smart young chap, doantiee he that ? ' Nonsense ! I'm talking of Hugh's wedding. Has Hugh told you nothing ? 'Master Hugh 'ave said what he 'ave said. It's Master Hugh's friend as I'm thinking of now — don't anger him, missie.' ' As if I could !' I cried scornfully. 'As if I should care even if 1 could ! What is he to me ? ' Law missie !' 'Just that!' was my empty boast, and I blew a leaf from between my fingers. ' Ah, there he is, and we'll have a good-bye all together !' I must have been mad, for I know I made -a sort of douce as Iran from Silas to Mr. Conolly. What was the matter 1 I could not explain his look. (I know now that he had not come out with Hugh, but had really been within hearing of my idiotic parade of nonsense.) ' Yon look quite melancholy/ 1 cried. Some feeling made me twist my fingers together, and lift my head gaily, and cry out. vnese roousn wuiu m ma. haste. ' I confess ! am not glad. to go.' Be throwing off that strange look. Then I thougffff: njB -ne -careB nothing at Ml; he is quickly pushing off his interesting melancholy. I should be ridiculous if I looted grave over him ' The thought flashed through me, and my retort was the gayest of the gay : ' Howflattering ! Bnt we are so accustomed to hear the same thing. All our visitors weep on the door-step.' ' Do they ! I could not do that Do you weep over them Y He talked gaily, bat his eyes had a strange look in them. Oh, yes ! We treat them all alike. Do you mean what yon say, or are you playing? ' Flaying !' And I pnt wonder in my face. ' There was a moment's silence. All at once I saw my mistake. Bat could I go back! Could I confess! Could I sue to an nndeclsred lover for love t Say that there was one visitor who could make me forget all other visitors 1 Some changes passed over James Conolly. He spoke indifferently. He came forward to Silas, and 1 think he falfrpd nnv an mil nil fq Silu aa tn mp 1 Were you in the laurel path just now V This was to me. ' I turned down there and followed some one who I thought was yon.' ' Eh, sir ' Silas began. ' Is your ghost a morning or an evening ghost ? Conolly was coolly careless. Then he turned back to me : 'Were yon playing me a farewell trick! — playing the ghost for — my misery? ' I hate practical, jokes !' was my answer. ' No, I have been here since breakfast.' Had he really seen the ghost f CHAPTER m. After that, perhaps, I changed a little and became less wild. Anyhow, I fell for a few- weeks into some foolish ailing condition, that was quite foreign to my robust nature. Aunt Mary, as usual, had the nursing of me, and I know I thought her hard-hearted over me — she. ordered me, and she actually lectured me ; then one day I saw what she had in her mind. She thonght I was pining tor -James Conolly. Hnmd t and my spirit flashed ont in rebellion. I got well by sheer force of shame from that day. She had. said to me: 'There are two to be thonght of, May, dear; and men naturally repress certain feelings. If a girl wounds these feelings by her frivolity the man will suffer,, bat he will not show that he suffers.' I -had takeu up my wild manner as my best armoui; and here cried: 'Yim put it' so clearly, Aunt. Mary 1 ' Yon must give' me chapter and verse f Then X was surprised. She did give me chapter and verse. In plain Eng lish die told me how in her youth she had been as wild as I, and that she had had a lover, bnt had trifled with him one degree too long. She had been left alone, she had had to bear a great sorrow ; he had gone away silent'; and she knew that till the end ofitime he would be silent to her- Through her he had: grown bitter against women ; through her he had plunged into a wild, reckless life ; but—here Aunt Mary's grave face iightened — he had a nobility within him, and he had won strength 'at last to conquer "vice and sin. Two years ago, only two years ago, when he had grown to be an old man, he had married — married the widow of the friend by whose help he had been saved from himself. At the moment, her face lipid mp quiet ; but in reality I rather - scooted toe prosaic dulness of her story's end ing Such was not likely to be toe Gate of my love, fiio ! Surely i could bring James Conolly back: to me when I chose 1 Only I moat meet him- And the summer came and went before I did meet him. November came, and on the twenty- fifth Hugh was married to Nan Conolly. Being Hugh's only single sister I had to act as bridesmaid ; and it was James Conolly who waa-told off as my escort. We were always in a crowd. In a London drawing-room who can find nooks such, as one had in abundance in the country.! Once I saw a chance tor a qniet word, and — my tongae was tied. After that moment it came that the bride and bridegroom drove off. amid showers of rice and of satin shoes, and as the carriage rolled away I heard these words : ' After this great scene I might aa well get over, my small one-' Every one was taming inwards to toe warm rooms, . tor, though toe exigencies of a wedding are many, not one of them can.make the air of a raw November day genial Conolly turned like the rest, and I turned with him. 'Are we, each of us, supposed toget np a scene because those two do V I asked gaily. 'I think, not,' was- toe apparently careless answer. ' My scene is not only small, bnt prosaic in the extreme. I am, yon know under orders to join at Portsmouth to-night.' ' I don't know,' . was my involuntary cry. 'Join! What do you mean? 'There 1 was I not right in saying my scene would be prosaic ! You have not even heard my. newa Would a man going to his work he anything but prosaic when- set in comparison, with wedding sights and scenes? ' And Jvhere jnay- yon bo . going . work? X cried. c In India. I have exchanged.' My heart Ml ' No, no ; you have not! Yon are is the same regiment as Hugh.' 'I was.' 'Then I most speak. Why have yon done that ? I cried. ' Have — has any one behaved badly! Has there been some mistake ! lias any one said just the very thing they ought to have left unsaid !' This was a strange jumble, but I had no time to consider. ' Oh, no,' and Conolly straightened himself prondly. ' We all say and do ridiculous things now and again ; and if fay chance one stumbles on an un pleasant truth, it is none the less a truth. He was bo proud and cool toot X could say no more. In hot shame I felt toe fiery colour bum my face, bat I managed to turn away, and when I turned back and faced him I was cool too. ' It must be the Westbnry ghost,' he went on, ' that has npset toe whilom order of my going. I think it was on toe very day or my seeing her that X first decided to exchange for service: I want money — one gets better pay out in India ' ' Is that your reason !' 'Is it not a good one 1 There is my old mother, she will tell you the same !' And then over whatever had been expressed on hia face before, Isaw that a genial brightness took its place, and for his mother he would be her brave soldier. Dear old lady I She was brave too. She said 'Good-bye' to him after he had shaken hands. all round; bnt, before his cab could have carried him ont of toe square -where the Conollys lived, she was back amongst us, and only showed as the remains of some tears. I shot up the book of my youth that tUI Jm 0HAFTBS IV. Summers and winters came and went, and nephews and nieces were born, and on; toe whole the Fkeriings were a family who might fairly be con sidered prosperous. The dear old father was, as I always said; the; first nam.' of' Westbvy; mother was gently becoming more fond of her easy-chair ; Aunt Mary, perhaps in consequence, became a little more to'c useful aunt ; and for mej I was- toe unmarried daughter of'thehouBe, and I meant to remain so- Ij ofconrse, had dropped my childish ! wildness, and I feced lifa. To be fear less, and to have a kind of' boyish bravery had been my nature,, .and happily that part of my nature stock to me. I saw what I had done, and I saw also that my mad utterances on toe day of Hugh's marriage had been the maddest folly of my life. So I went through the time with, the growing gravity of years, bat not love-lorn- No ; eact Wy I would never let toe Wegtbc say that of May Freeling. I do not ktoitMdat' my charms , were ; surely I gave no heed to them, ; and whatever they were, they were; natural ones. Something; however, must have kept me pleasant enough in the eyes of my world, for I still had lovers who would be slaves. I sent them all away. Yes, sent them all away as soon . as they showed the least tendency to pronounced love- making. In course of time I was twenty-six — an old girl So I considered my self Again May-day had come round, and toe lovely white flowery drift swept the hedgerows. Again, too, I had strolled down to the river banks, this time with Unto, Malcolm's little girl, so that we might carry home a bunch of golden marsh-marigolds. What a KVPat: vhifA nnml fclta aUM lfwilrral in her snowy coat and hat, having her baby-arms full of the golden river beauties ! My birthdays have strangely been, more than once, the days of my fate. Before that May-day waa over. a letter had come to me, out of which- there grew how many events of the future 1 Nay, two letters came to the house, which in this case, made an important difference to the turn of affairs. My own letter I could have answered decisively, and no soul in the house be the wiser — was it not only another lovers enusion rsut my tatner nan one from Sir William TTihbet (the lover) at the same time; consequently, the family had a say against my own private decision. Sir William was a man nearer fifty years of age than forty, he was toe greatest landowner near our county town, he was a good man. That is enough. They made me miserable. I knew what I knew, bnt the reasons that I spoke did not satisfy any of my family. They wearied me, and I grew in the next following weeks quite old ! Aunt Mary's experience was as nothing in comparison to mine — I told her. so. They had left her alone. 'Child,' she said gravely, 'it is not well for a woman to be alone. I think I could have been a good wife to a good man — perhaps romance fades.' One day my fatter made what he colled, bis 'laststrebe far-Sir Wiiliaxn.il simply talked ftw&y; frota . -p<3 from bis study in. lofty dignity.' I went up to my room. This was «> matter for tears; tears belonged to toe olden time ; bat now my spirit was rampant; and I said amply to myself, I do not care — they may as well cease talking. I will never marry to please them.' I walked to the window-seat, and, leaning sideways, spread my arms, on the window-ledge and gazed idly over the old garden. There swept the laurel walk away from opposite the drawing-room to the lane, which made a short cut to the meadows; right under me were the terrace, on. to which the drawing-room opened, toe rids rockery with its great plumes oi fern, the gray old steps and the two bulky stone vasea Silas Shaw was leisurely cleaning these ont and pre paring them for their adornment of scarlet geraniums. My mind got over its anger, being, yon see, so firmly settled, and X easily took an interest in watching the old man. ; Presently I saw him take a news paper from off the garden seat and read. Next, I saw him screw op his mouth and heard him whistle. Next, he. looked around ancLun and down. Than he whistled again, -and put toe paper into his pocket- Cool ! It was our paper, not.his ! I was a heedless girl again for a moment, and I called to him from my window. ' Silas !' No answer, bnt toe old- man had suddenly cocked up one ear involun tarily— he was not as deaf, as he seemed. Twice more «h«nt»ng 'Silas!' brought him to look up again. Eh! missie — were't you a shontin' ? ' It was — is that " The Times" V 'Where, missie? ' Sticking out of your pocket. Throw it up to me. Fll catch it.' ' Eh, no Fll bring it round when I've this Jiere vase.1 Opposition always ted roused answering opposition in. me, and I ran downstairs and was by Silas's side ina trice.; Why should he withhold that paper from me ! Presently I read down the ' Births. Next the ' Marriages ' — ah! On April 3rd, at Bangalore, India, James Conolly to Ethel Stewart:' Affectedly short.' I really cried toe words aloud. Then the sound of my own voice struck me as strange, and I fumed with the fire of jealousy. Tte-nextmomeat I waecold as ice. A great bitterness, and scorn, and - rebellion, and haughty pride, all mingled together and made me act I never can quite remember the sort ot some I madaof it — very likely I made no scene at ail; bnt was simply cold and. supremely dignified' in my manner. Anyhow, toe act I achieved was to go down to my father's study and signify my intention of accepting Sit William Hibbert. In a month from, that day I was Lady Hibbert, and . I am sore no one had toe vestige:o£an idea thatlwas not a serenely satiBfied'.bride. err Armor f. Was I satisfied ! Well — we will let -that question wait a few -years for its answer.- Also we will let my brilliant bridal Efe slip into the past, the past that ' looks- filmy and calm when ten years have aged it. For toe last three years Sff Wilhum and.- and Dorothy— Dorothy was oar one - little- girl — had all been frequent travellers. For toat time -one and another attack of' Sines had made it neeessary that Sir W Lilian should spend the: winter in warmer 'air than conld be found at ' The Knoll.' W« began by: going -to Cornwall and then to Devonshire, the -third winter found us at Nice,' foreigners in a foreign land and yet having such tribes of English about, us. aa to mate us almost wonder whether at times we were imtnf Enai&nd; or in it. Stav. the sun said 'no' to this fancy of mmH,. and Dorothy — nine-year-old Dorgtoy, waa talking French iike a little French girl — another very decided -no.' My husband wBiso mach better, who conld regret coming away from hornet Nay, I was blessing -everyday the kind fates; in the shape of - temoMsieeB doctors, who had forced as away from. our land of fogs and' mists." All Ihe wnrid, however- wan-talking of going home — when Carnival comae one does talk so ongoing home,' because then ! suppose thsrs is a feeling that iiwrca wm souii oby« oiown oiinaaii away and faoxes:may be pacted. We had been ont all three together; then Sir- William, had gone; bock - to the hotel— we were almost forgetting he wra - an. invalid — because Dorothy had a secret .purchase to make. It was her- fatheris birthday,: and with her own money ; she-had made np her mind to buyhim some '.real-' - English lilies.'' Of comae Jevery shop was shut; for wss not all the worid promenading, or -racing, or chatting ; with friends out in. toe grand ' son shine! Music waa blaring forth from brass bands in numerable ; chattering,- and laughing, and shooting went : on till 'the etreets were a perfect Babel:'- Dorothy would not go back empty- handed. No; she knew were The flower-sellers would be, or rather -might be, sod of 'coorse> I let tte child have her own way, : She had run in under a low passage way, whereagiri had flowers' piled, up for sale, and amongst them a big bowl of lilies-of-the-vaUey. Aa happy child ren do, Dorothy had told me- 'not to listen, and not to look,' so I had-bbeyed, and with my back to her stoodlooking outward, thoroughly amused. Suddenly I saw a face-— J ames Conolly's face-?' If it were he, he did not - recognise me; but, fool toat I was, Imade a quick, sharp cry: Alack for my -im pulsiveness. I could no mora have helped doing this than L, standing there, conld have stopped the life- blood coursing -through my veins. The next instant one hands were locked together. I think he talked ! I do not 'know.' I did not. I was gazing-dirty, honour, faith — all were ket in the -old love ! Then, suddenly, I seemed to'hear these words : 'May Freeling! and yet sot 'May Freeling !' Conolly spoke them as with a gasp and in a whisper. The words readied ue to myself. 'No,' I said, and I drew away, my hand and fell into a proud stillness. ' No — why should I remain May Free ling ! We have oddly matched oar lives — we each married in the same year.' Married ! — I ! I never married:? 1 Does " The Times " oondescend to a hoax of that sort? My head, rose in pride — happily it conld' do so, for sadden tear had stricken me. 1 It would be a sorry joke.' Conolly's face grew stern. I read it : 'James Conolly to Ethel Stewart1 My lips and my throat were dry. 'At Bangalore? — he tossed his head with a fiery, helpless gesture. ' I was miles away among the. Afghans when that marriage took place— toat James Conolly and I haunted each other for years.' 1 What !' — my gasp was scarcely a word. ' I got his . letters, and he got mine— bah r he turned on his hesL r The instant after he had wheeled round and was facing me again with eyes that spake what mine should never hare dared to read. uo yon mean may- do yon mean that if — if you - had sot seen toat yon would have waited? Again he caught my hand. I conld not speak. And before my tongue would move Dorothy came rnn- ning out laying, ' Look mother davlfog, such a bunch, and all for my two francs! Will not fother love themt Are — are yon ill, mother f Still I could not speak And I helplessly stood while I heard Conolly telling .tte child something about his ' frightening me, . because he wasanoldfriendlhad notseenforalong long time,, and he had come upon. ma suddenly.' Did yon. make ter whiteiOra toat? she asked. 1 am afraid. I did,.May »dfl«r;-cb not be angry with me !' He actually J pleaded with the child. j ' I am not May,' she said stoutly. 'I am Dorothy. May is my mother's j name.' I collected my senses. I moved on, and I listened to the two talking. I saw once and tor All that Dorothy was my salvation. My own child had saved me ! From what ! Heaven only knows from what ! Was -it possible my tijngne could have spoken words I should haveTe- pented all my life ? Perhaps a man. would preserve more ! elf control than a -woman could do at -suchasceneas Imade. Whether this can be so or not I can only say that Oonolly could talk and did talk to Dorothy. Presently I heard this, and it struck common-sense into . me : ' There is watching for us on the balcony ! He will wonder who you are.' Yes. Hut I could not have the two meet then. With a great effort I forced myself to say just this : ' You will come to see us sometime ; come tibia erantTifr ' T nnf. nnf mu ban/3 And just then a band in front of our hotel bnrst forth with a louder clang, and a troop of merry maskers dashed past us. It was a new excite ment for Dorothy, she danced for joy. I told my husband all. Yes, alL Was I coward, or could I be a false wife! To my dear husband ? — to William Hibbert? Never! CHAPTER VI. If this were the beginning of a sen sational story, one can see vary well how one could have drifted onwards and downwards but it is not a sensa tional story, but only a plain telling of one's life. As Aunt Mary once had told me, « romance could dia' Love as a passion, as a girlish frenzy, was quite done with ; but love that had grown with years of com panionship and of devotion, was in its place. Time went on, and Conolly and Sir William were acquainted andfriends. There was no fear of the old, dead story ever coming into troublous life again; and yet, when Conolly wrote one day to say he was off to Gibraltar, and that he could not run down to say good-bye, I felt a something like relief. After that we lived our happy home life at The Knoil. The summer was a friends abont ns, and Dorothy had a perfect time of it, with first one set of consuls coming, and then another. One day someone broached the sub- ject of our next winter's sojourn. I think it. was the doctor. I know it was on a scorching August day that the talk took place ; also I know that I said : ' I vote for Nice again — do not yon, dear ! No place did yon so much good.' 'No — but don't you call me a per fect cure, doctor ? I have a mind to stay at home, I am growing lazy.' And Sir William made much of a yawn, as if he would ridicule his own weakness. But I saw the moment after that there was no gay acting in the languid way in which he involuntarily leant back in bis easy-chair, and the hands, whieh by habit, fell on the arms of the chair, had never looked so transparent. My heart fell. 1 can't allow that, Sir William ; can't allow that,' the doctor said fussily. 'The hot weather makes us all as limp as wet rags ; but we'll not give in — not give in !' He himself was as spry and alert as any small wiry man could be. The cooler weather came, but it brought no bracing, and we made no move for the winter, because we could not. Then, when the great trees about The Knoll were swaying under No vember winds, and when the woods ware bars and brown, and fluttering their last flags of scarlet and yellow leafage, Dorothy and I were alone. Ahj me ! More than two years went by, and Dorothy was growing. I must take a change of some sort for her, and I must have a nsw governess for ber. My little Dorothy must not be behind the rest of the world, her father's daughter must be an accomplished woman. We were talking about it when the post brought me a letter, a letter from James Conolly in London. ' Might he come down T I said just that much of the letter's contents to Dorothy. 'Yes, mother, yes 1 And he will help us out of onr difficulty. He will know somebody nice to come and teach me, and make me as wise as — as — as you, mother !' He came down, and we met him at the lodge, and walked through the gardens with the radiant white spring light upon ns. alone with ma What can I say ! Aunt Mary's dictum that 'romance could die' was not true. Romance, my romance, would live for ever. But, Dorothy V I murmured. And at the moment Dorothy came uprmging to us with her hands full of flowers. ' These are for your room, Major Conolly,' she said. ' I am going to ran with them and arrange them for you.' Myroom? — I am not going to stay.' 'No! — -yes yon are. Mother, is he mot !' He child's face felL t' Not to-day, dear. Perhaps he will -come another day.' What wonld she aay 1 . 'That is not as good as to stay to day r _ ' :. "It is to-day, or not at all f How grayehe was for such Ijght talk ! ' Eh ! Tforothy.' ;''No,-nd! I do not mean that Ah! J eee, you are smiling.' Her face was radiant/ Ybu will come soon and stay, sta y for a long, time ! You will pro- vm—Y 'And with a quaint, wise grace, Dorothy freed one hand from - her j flowers and held it out for him to ; grasp. It was a compact So he did come. 