General News. Thos a correspendent in-the S. A. Timts: — ' Mr. Stuart Cumberland has not received un - adulterated praise in' Victoria. I observe by a ; new-ioioer paragraph that his Honor M r. nstici Williams, at the Assize Court at Sand- ? hurst, whsa the case of Wong Ching Young, for stealing oippir-plates, was being beard, commented strongly upon a recent interview with pri-i'iners iu Sandhurst GaoI by a professed thoaghi-reidir. His Honor, ,in referring to the^jroceiJing, said that the manner in which the authorities and the police had endeavoured to frighten evidence out of prisoners was a dis grace. He had no hesitation in saying that if the person who started these proceedings was in the public service he should be dismissed at once. I understand that those who have been trying 10 trace back the ramifications of the 4 CumuerSand' family tree in order to acquaint themselves with origin of the grtat ' ihought reader' have wasted their time. * Stuart Cum berland' appears to be a substitution which ambitious aspirations or other motives led the thought-reader to make his proper pationynic of 'Charles Garner,5 the son, we believe of a poor but honest butcher.' A patent has been taken out for a railroad which can be laid down and taken up with astonishing ease and dispatch. The elaborate processes usually entailed in the construction of a line — the setting down of ' sleepers,' the fixing on of iron sockets to receive the rails, and the final attachment of these rails — are by this new system done away with, and an ar rangement adopted by which certain lengths of parallel rails fixed across iron ' sleepers' are turned out of the manufactory complete, and requiring merely to be laid consecutively along the course of the intended line. The fact that . this railway can be easily laid and-relaid with uui auumuj; «itiy xujuijr |jii#uiiaca iui 11 a iuiuic of great utility in commercial enterprise and military operations. Recently three miles of -this 'portable railway' were shipped to Afghanistan. The consignment included one hundred yards of curved lengths, twelve com plete sets of paints and crossings ten turntables — contrivances by which engines can be re volved and their heads reversed — and all other ' necessary accessories. The rails weighed - 12 pounds per yard, and were of an eighlen inch gauge ; while the waggons, which were con structed to carry from izcwt. to 15CWU each, were fitted with cast iron wheels, and were' much admired fur their strength and finish. Mr. Wigmore, of Melbourne, has contri buted to the English -Mechanic a communica lion in which he sets forth a new iheury of the origin of the boomerang which is not wiihoui merit, and is a thousand liines better than the theory that the natives of Australia got the weapon from Egypt merely Itecause there is something like it among the hieroglyphs in the inscriptions of ihe monument ' of the Nile valley. Mr. Wigmore starts with ihe state ment that parrots and cockatoos are the most common of 'Australian birds, and arc killed and used for food by the natives. He then goesiin to say that ' the marked resemblance Itetween the boomerang and a wing of these birds will be readily seen when attcnl ion is called to it, and it will be found that if a perfect wing be taken, held and thrown like a Inomerang. it will behave in precisely the same way. I have tried the experiment very often, and always with the same result. The natives are of too low an order to invent such a weapon (indeed, none but a mathematical genius could 'invent1 it), but are, like all savages very imitative. It seems, therefore, probable that the bnomerang was suggested by, or rather imitated from a parrot's ore Kkaioo's wing. ' This explanation is simple, appears to be sufficient, and is given for what it is worth as a contribution to the literature of the subject. — ' CE lipus.' The wealthy Paris manufacturer Duiet had for the last two years in his eihploy a young man wiiii whose proficiency and general con duct he 'j-i so pleased, thai he admitted him to his family circle. On the 3rd February last he called Uie young man into his office and said to him, ' V.vj are young, steady, and indus trious, my daughter is 17 years of age, and she likes you. The girl is enthied to a dowry of IQO.odo francs oa her mother's side ; if yoa have no objection we will have a wedding next Shrovetide.' At these words Ernest Laiuotte, the ckrk, lurced deadly paie, and then made * answer 10 his principal, ' Have I given you satisfaction during the last- two years?' 'Certainly.*' ' Have I discharged iny duty in a thoroughly eGcient manner?' ' Vou have always stocd t« your oars like a steady, plodding man of business.'* ' Then, without J anxiety foi il;e future, I must confess to you that my name is not Ernest, but Emetine ; I am not a man, but a. woman, and have uy dili gent study become thoroughly conversant with the routine ot a merchanis's office, but a clerk in petticoats usually receives no more than 40 francs per inonte, whilst I as a man was able to earn, end by your firm paid, six times that amount.' When Mr. Dulet had somewhat recovered from his astonishment, he held out his hand to his clerk and manager, saying, *' I have no doubt I shall be able to dissuade Bertha from the intended marriage. You can not become her husband, but perhaps you would not object - in liecome her second mother !' It was now Ernestine's turn to be surprised, and she asked time for reflection. The Development of the Wool In dustry. —The development of the wool in- :. dustry of Australia is without parallel in the' history of the world. In— the year 1815 the total wool clip of all the great island continent was only 150 bales, and now it is considerably over 1 ,ooo,cxk- bales ; 1.094,000 bales were ~ exported in 1S85, in addition to 'the quantity manufactured in the colonies. The following statement shows the quantity exported for each year from 1S76 to 18S5 inc'usive : — 1876, 769,500 bales ; 1877, 835,000 bales ; 1878, Soi,O3O bales ; 1879, 826,033 ; 1880, 869,033 .bales; 1S81, 957,000 bales ; 1882, 993,003 baies; 18S3, 1,054,000 liaies ; 1884, 1,112,000 hales ; 18S5, 1.094,033 bales. Tne vitality of the industry can perhaps lie best illustrated by the statement that, notwithstanding the un precedented drought which destroyed nearly 10,003,000 sheep sheep in New South Wales and Queensland, the annual export from those colonies shows a marked increase instead of a decline. The quantity exported from New South Wales from February 28, 1886. was 503.593 bales, against 247,486 bales for the corie^pandiag period of last year, showing a net increase for the year 18S6 of 59,104 hales. Tile exports from Queensland increased during the same period from 52.094 to 62.755. Tne; ''., exports irora Victoria declined from' 301,214 bales to 282.S44 bales. Western, 'j. Australia increased her exports liy 1,231 . bales;. Tasmania. 139 biles; New Zealand, - by 22,700 bales. The exports from South V Australia, however, declined from 114,158 bales in 1885 to 120,866 l»ales in 18S6. ?'. The net increase for the whole of the Australasian ; : colonies during the year endea February 28, ' 1S86, was 51,000 bales.. The reason that the :' wool exjvieis from Victoria have heretofore . '.' been larger than those of New South Wales is : due to the fact that much of the wool of the latter colony from the Riverina district is : ;, shipped by way of Melbourne, and is;ser^pWn ^' ;; in the Custom House returns as Victonan,j»q- v-.\ dues. Daring ths last -decade ib^ total ;^in- --.-;| crease in the production ~of wool in a!i thei-.*;^ colonies U-is been at the rate 'if 47 per ceM.53.^ bin ;hi decade previous, viz., faun. 1865 torai^ 1875\. uas at the rate of 102 percent. -lif*'^ 1S75 ihe wool.ooasnmers of ilje world ateorliBdi^ 442.O3D l»ales more than they did in |865,-:lM£t;:*£| in'iS5?5 'he world's consumption ^as;;5OTly V ;«| 415,^33 ^cs more than in 1875. *^ ?i :5P| -. Flies isd BqGS,'-\Jteedes,V*riseftj0§|| roadiei. anJsJ..fatt3:bng5, rau, .Kaiai^fiopha^iggi 'iacit Tai*yii?,~*liJre&'o»i.*.' ^t-Kawg&^tf^Jgaj^^S .A Curious Irish Superstition. — A very strange transaction occurred, th -ngh not the first of its kind, in the Rnmaa Catholic cemetery in Ansonia, near New Haven, last month. ' Four respectable Irishwomen halted at a newly made grave. They were elderly women, and seemed to be worn by grief and watching. They waited a few minutes, while two stalwart men with shovels worked away '?? diligently to reopen the grave. The teais ran down their cheeks when the men reache-j the rough b-x which enclosed a casket and tLc re- j main- of a young and beautiful girl — ihe child of one of the four weeping women. Th* box was raiseJ frjji the grave and placed r : or.c side on the ground. Then the lici v.r.s j removeJ. Ths in other and her cornps.-i vn i looked on a nninenl, cm', then recoverhk:j \ from th *ir grief v.^nt swiftly to work and searched ami exi:nir.ed the corp.-e from head to fjjt. Tiir.ju^li the hair and shroud and thi f^t covering went their 'busy fingers. Thin ona of the women took a needle and thread, and wiiore pins had been removed stitches were taken, care been had that no knots were tisd in the thread. After the operation was concluded the . women signaled to the ra^n lint the coffia was again to be interred. After the grave was filled the little procession wended its way homeward. These proceedings were in con Sequence of a superstition that if a corpse is burned upon which are strigs tied with knots, or pins, used to keep the grave clothes or shrouds in place, the soul can never enter heaven, but must walk until the pins are removed and the knots untied. One of the four women said that for two nights she had been troubled by the ghost of the dead girl, who kept appearing to her and wishing relief. From this reason they searched the grave clothes to remove what they consid ered the only thing that kept the spint of the poor girl from heavenly happiness. 'Now,' she said, 'that the duty is done to \- the dea 1, the living are all happy, and all will be peace.' During the French coaquest of Algeria negotiuuions for peace were entered upon with the sheik* of certain Arab tribes, and a mett ing fir Ihe settlement of terms was arranged to take place at the French head-quarters. The French officers received their 'guests of the desert with great hospitality, and a banquet was given in their honour. At this the utmost splendor was unfolded, in order to dazzle their eyes and captive their simple minds. At its conclusion and adjournment to a large hall was prepared. Here M. Houdin, the celebrated conjuror, who accompanied the French forces, was to give them an exhibition of his skill, which to them seemed supernatural. They stared in open-mouthed wonder at all the tricks that were Derformed, and a feeling of awe crept over them as they saw the mysterious appearings and disapp-.irings of various objects. But the greatest marvel to them was the apparent manufacture o( cannon balls. The conjuror passed around among them a high hrtt. This they examined very carefully, bat without being al-le to dis cover anything unusual in either its make or appearance. When it was retunie.l to him, M. Houdin placed it on the floor in the middle of the stage, in full view of the audience. He then proceeded to take from that hat cannon balls apparently without number, and rolled them across the floor into the wiui»s. This terminated the performance. The chiefs con sulted among themselves, and came to the con clusion that it was useless to oppose an array that could turn out its ammunition in so easy a manner. They therefore signed the re quired treaty and departed to tell their friends in the desert oi the wonderful power of the invaders. bOME interesting anecdotes gleaned from literary by-ways may be given about the Princes. Royal. With much diffidence she hud sent in a picture to the art bazaar in aid ol the funds for the widow and orphans of those who fell in the Crimean war. ' The Princess then put a modest sum on her work, to dis pose of it privately for a small sum, which she wished to enter as her subscription. The first offer, made immediately the doors of the ex hibition were opened, was 80 guineas, fol lowed by another of ioo guineas. The names were entered in the book, it having been pre vionsiy arranged that the highest offer itp to a certain day at noun wss ! a obtain the picture. At Tile appi-iP:-.-d tic:e 200 guineas had been offered by a p«.'i:^n who was present to hear the clock ?:r:!;e 12. Just before the hour he s-.-.id, '? Well, [ am surprised that there is not :n;*re ajvj.recinrior of so Snea work of art ; ani! th.il it rr.ay noi be said that it sold for 2OO guineas I uGiei 250,'' f^r which sum he wrote out a chenue as the clock struck 12. The re sult 01 the sale surprised the Princess, who had too much good sense, however, to be elated by any foolish vanity, while rejoicing in the success of her effort for the treasury fund.' Here is an anecdote of the Princess when she first went to her home in Berlin : ' A Prussian Princess, for instance, is not allowed by her mistress of the robe to take up a chair, and, after having carried it through the whole breadth of the room, to put it down in another corner. It was while committing such an act that Princess Victoria was caught by Countess Perponcher. The venerable lade remonstrated with a considerable degree of earnestness. ' I'll tell you what,' replied, nothing daunted, the royal heroine of this story — 'I'll tell you what, my deaf Countess ; you are probably aware of the fact of my mother being the Queen of England?' The Countess bowed in assent. ? Well,' resumed the bold Princess, * then I must reveal to you another fact ; her Majesty the Queen of Great Britian and Ire land has not once, but very often, so far for gotten herself as to take up a chair. I speak fioni personal observation, I can assure you. Nay. if I am not greatly deceived, I noticed one day my mother carrying a chair in each hand, in order to set them for her children. Do you really think that my dignity forbids anything which is frequently done by the Queen of Eugland ? The Countess bowed again and retired, perhaps dot without a Httle astonishment at the biographical information she heard. However, she knew her ofice, and resolved not to prove less staunch to her duties than the Princess to he principles. 