Madagascar. A oobbbspoxdbnt writing to the Madagascar Timei gives the deaaription of a 'Tour up the E»*i Coast:'— ' I have not been ablo to give you any news since last March, aa I have been at Tanmtave, and the French open or steal people's letters. Onco I received two papers two dnys after the letters had been delivered) and after the post master had told me there was nothing for me. All my Malagasy Oaiettts havo been stolon from the paokets. About Tamatave there is little to Bay that is not well known to you all. Tho French are tired of tho war, and are dying with fever like flies. I never saw a day in Tamatave without two or three funerals, sol diera^ and inhabitants. About two or three weeks before I left it was reported that 51 French soldiers died at Vohimar in tho space of a week with a kind of cholera. A band of ' d'sciplinaires ' (about 150) wera landed at Tamatava, but had to be sent back to Reunion after twoor three weeks' stay. All thevolunteers have finished their time, and not a single ono agreed to ronow his engagement. This vexed the admiral, and so he kept them thero against their will. It was reported that a Frenoh officer received a ball through the nook at Diego Snarez when they attacked that fort. If anyone wishes to starve lot him go to Tamatavo You cannot get a pioce of beef ex cept as a favour, and paying a shilling a pound for it, and three- quarters hono. Eggs ten for a dollar. In fact, Tamatavo is a plaoe where no one can etay, for several reasons. Many foreigners are leaving Tamatavo, and most of the fronoh (those who signod the petition) are praying God to see the war over. They are all Eaying, ' Where are tho good times wo had with the Hovas?' and, 'How glad should we be If wo wero British subjects? Now it ap pears they have discovered their mistake, and regret what they have done. Tho Jeauit priests havo a good time of this war. Thoy are sowing disorder in. every family in Tami tavo by taking their servants for oateohiBm, and the women also ; bat tho women go up at another time of the day. Two prics's, Fathers Chevalier and Lacorabo, camo to mo about five or eix timos to take away tha natives in my employ ; bnt I was at length obliged to threaten to pnt them out of my house, and then they left mo quiet until I left. They have the reputation of carrying on tho moat 6oan dalous dblngB. Thoy havo no children at Eohool, and wish to dobauoh all people's sor vants. It appears thoy are the principal people desirous of Beeiug tho war over, as they are afraid tho Protestant missionaries will take away all their fiJiles. I was always sur rounded by certain persons who call themiclvos British subjects trying to find out what was going on, nnd ab lust ono told mo that I hud better leave Tnmatave as soon as possible. I merely replied, ' AU right, lot them turn me out.' I next mndo a trip to St. Mary Inland, taking a passugo on board tho Frenoh man of-war Eomanohe. It would require a ream of papor to relate tho disorder existing on board of her. I was treated most ehamafully. As toon as wo loft Tamatave an officer oame to me and ordered mo to go forward, and I was obliged to stay on decs among sheep and cows, aud during tho whole night X could not find a place to shelter myeolf from the rnin, and I was wet through. Tho next morning thoy kept mo until 10 before they gave me a pass to go aehoro, although wo hud arrived soon after midnight. Nothing Burprieod mo so much as to hear tho quarrels bntweon officers and crow. It is tlmmeful to Franco to havo Buch mon to represont her. I proferrod to ro turn to Tamatavo on board a small schooner. After nearly thrco months in Taaaatave I paid a two day«' visit to Fcnoorivo. From thcra I went to Manabarana, whoro I was woll received by the governor, who gave mo a bullock, as well us goeto, ducks, fowls, und rlco. From 7iln.nuha.rann. I paid a viiit to Hurosntsotra, where a cordial reooption was given mo by tho governor and officers. I then oame ho^c, where I Wft« roceived In a manner utterly be yond all my oxpsctationa. Thoday af tcrllnnded tho liontonont- governor eamo down to visit me, and welcomed mo with present*), including n bullook. After my ship left I went uj- country to visit tho governor at Ambohitsara. Here, too, I w«s welcomed to n well-prepared breakfast. How different were the .tcooptloiiB made' to mo by tho Hovas and the ono tho' Frenoh gave ine ! At Tamatavo . I was like an' enemy, a spy, a ghost, and still I was among: oiviliicd men (so I am told); and. here, wherol am. amongst' barbarians (as.tho'Fronch say), I feel happy as amongst Mends.; If all tho foreigners in this country had known how to behave themselves I am sure every ono would find himsslf liko mo, for it is very easy to. live in good relations with tho Hovas.' 