Caulfield The weather was very pleasant on Monday morning, and as the jbig events to be decided at the ensuing spring meet ing are closely approaching, most of the horses engaged are beginning to move along. Trainers were rather late in making a start, work commencing just about 7 o'clock. Silvermine, in company with The Chanter, was given pace exercise on the tan ; the son of Napoleon seems to have re useful pace ; Little John and King of the West were moving along on the tan for goodnsef ul -work. Foot man, looking fresh and well, strode along for a round or two in company with First Pop, Berkley and Cadland. Grace parting, Millstrcam, Hot Iron, Ins Crane, Gadfly, and Empress, all in the same stable, went euitahle work. Clarendon and St. Albert worked in company, as also did Blondin, Lord Allen, and Highland Chief, the latter with M. O'Brien up. Bonnie Lad and Genldinewere treated to a piper opener on the sand. Lady Ash'ton, ihe Loafer, and. others; of the team performed good preparatory exercise. Chuckster bounded along on the tan, moving nice and freely, having his old jock, O'Brien, up: he seemed to ,go as well as ever he did. Ben Bolt and western were re stricted to slow pace exercise. The Sussex horse, Anarchy, Warfield, Ambassadress, Warring, Whitebait, and Bride groom; cantered. Preston, Isabel, Cestua, .Alexandria, and a horse by Conrad moved along steadily. Bonnie Doon went useful work. Messrs. Jones, Harper, Davis, Robinson, and Leek's, and tho remainder of the other Strings, were present doing the usual morning's exercise. There was a fair sprinkling of visitors on Tuesday mom ing, wlo seemed to take great interest in the various Cup candidates. Lottery was the first to take possession of the sand, and was treated, to aoouple of turns at a good working pace, Patience finishing the last two or three furlongs with him, ? Cricket brushed along on the tan. Lord Allen, with. O'Brien up, after putting in some slow pace, moved along Jor a furlong or two to wind up with. Higland Chief strode briskly along the grass for a round. Kenneth was given a round on the sand at a' pood working pace. Master John and Beckwith went suitable work. Glentwortii and Lady LDvelL two- year-olds, were despatched for a spin over four furlongs, both finished togetner, and had coloursup. Anther nice-looking colt by Robinson Grusoe, out of Dagmar, and GcldenFJeece^-were cantering. Eugene audLoaiaeiiertawei* extended over six furlongs. Warfield and Anarchy strode along on the grass. Footman and Berkeley, who aro en gaged; at Ballarat on Friday, covered a couple of rounds on the sand for good work. Carnarvon, Bonnie Lad, and Retort were tried over five furlongs, and answered the task very satisfactorily ; the latter finished a milo alone. Lady Asnt&n; went long, serviceable work on the sand. The Cup candidates, Silvermine and Bonnio Doon, after doing a turn on the grass at a very mild canter, were despatched for a good working gallop, which they completed very nicely, the pab moving freely and well. Chicago and Faithful were doin^' from medium to half pace cxeicisc. The Chanter, Siroco, and others in the same stable were doing useful cxercif.e. Clarendon, with a good big weight up, was given s-r*,ng 'work over the Caulfield Cup course, in company witb St. Albert and Young Horatio. Geraldine and Nabocklish were cantering and spurting. MiU&tream;, who was asked to canter and obstinately refused, was ultimately persu'ided to go thio reverse way. Nothing went bettor than Grace Darling, who, with a light boy up, circled a very good turn round the hurdles on the course proper, the mare having Empress to help her home the latter part of the journey. The Stag, looking well, went a strong1 turn on the tan. Epicurean, with Dougalston, cantered aud spurted from tho home '. turn. Mia Mia brushed along for a couple of furlongs. Louis II., Delamia, and Violet were similarly treated. New York, with G. Blair in the saddle, put in a round on the grass at a good swinging canter. Bohemian and Buzza arrived here yesterday from Sydney. Gadfly and Hot Iron ran four furlongs in com pany. The Crane went at slow pace. Fusee went clow pace work, moving along at a good sharp canter to finish up. Preston did some useful work, a little over a mile. Cestus, Isabel, and Alexandria were moving along for useful work. Ben Bolt, with M. O'Brien in the pigskin, was alotted a turn on the grass, Chuckster, as usual, accompanying for about a mile, the old horse easing off, and allowing tho Cup favourite to finish jalone; Western, in the same stable, also strode alona; for useful work. The Ghost, with T. Williams up, ran a very strong three quarters. Little John traversed a round on die course proper, Jack going with him the first part of the journey, and Jim Cain the last Ihrco furlongs; the former, as usual, had to be driven along to keep company with his companions. Grcojulus EsurianR, King oi the West,. Victor, and Symbol were on the ten, brushing along at intervale. There were numerous others at work during the morning, but nothing worthy of note took place. 