SPORTISG. i;^ BY " Cr-NTjitm." On Boxing Day the jv. A. Turf Club lield: a fairly .succesBfdl meeting. Tho : morniug was not very--teiuptine, being dull .and .threatening . ram, only a few drops fell however, which, did- not'spoil the sport to-any groat extent. .Tho racing, was good, commencing with the first race, which was won by Firet Pop after a great race with Medea. The Hurdle Race .was won by a new .beginner over this jumps, named Deriiiga, who is, I believe, . closely related to a well-known good performer over hurdles, Dhurringile^ The Summer Cup.waB won hy. Sea Horse, who was expected to do great things' as a 3 year, old, but failed, he is at present veiy well, and must take a lot of. beating in whichever he starts for to-day. The Juvenile Stakes was a good thing for my selection, Dividend, as was the . Steeple, for Mernder, who fences .much bBtter at Caulfield than over Flemington. My selection, Solo, proved too good for his opponents in the Malvern Handicap, Gardenia, who came very fast the finish, running second, with Allender a good third. To-day the V. It. Club hold their annual meeting at Flemington, I expect to see an enormous attendance to witness the contests for the splendid stakes provided by the club, and before giving my selcct- I must wish the V.R.C. and my readers a successful and happy New Year. The first race is the Hurdle Race, for which I fancy Waverlcy, Gasaliei- and Insolvent. For the- Normanby Stakes I like Blairgowrie aud Maddelina, and for the Standish Plato with its large entry my selections-6hall be Sea Horse, Duration, The Ghost, Chuckster, Gardenia, Stationer and Claptrap; out of this lot I have a preference for Sea Horse and Duration. The Bagot Plate; although having a small entry has good things in it, I like Sheet Anchor, best. The Midsummer Handicap, -with an entry of 39, is very' open. Those who look best on paper are Sea Horse, Bend Or,'Camerine and Lesbia. For the Steeplechase I .would like Mernder with another jockey, than Mr. Watson up; as this is improbable I shall discard Mernder and go for Morven once more, -with Narrung ns tho next best. For the Cntenon Stakes Nun and Dividend \vill fight it out. I preferthu-forinit- .' Mr.-Oox lias-another.;meeting on the 2nd January-at Moonee Valley. The principal item is the Ascot Vale Handicap. 22 entries have been received, of which I like TJncas or Lando. The Maiden Plate ought to be a good thing for Phoobe Walton. Governor or Topsail should.win the Steeplechase, and Honors,, Violet or Pyrette the .half-mile. "'.. For Tatteraall's Cup I select Off Colour, and Honeydew for Carringtoii Stakes. ; 