GENERAL ELECTIONS. THE GENERAL ELECTION. THE PREMIER AT CASTLEMAINE. CASTLtLMAlNE, Wkd.VESDAT Kiuht. Mr. Service Arrived in (fcstlemine uy -special train shortly after 7 oclock this evening, accompanied by Sit Berry, . Tucker, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Unffnd*e, Mr. I/evien, and Colonel S^good (<" the Minisuy). Mr. P. Hanna, Mr Puffy, Mr. Moore, Mr. M Leiian, Mr W. M. Clark, Mr. Yeo, Mr. 1WI,. Mr' A- Voting, Mr. Graham, Mr. ^ Mr cimeronf'M.r^'a-., anA Mr. Thorny secretary to the Premier. The platform at Castlemaine station was crowded, and Mr. Service met with a cordial greeting [rom his constituents. The Premier s farewell speech was delivered in the 'lheatre Royftl, w «td« was filled to its utmost capacity. Councillor Gaulton, mayor of Castlemaine, presided. Mr SEBVICE, who was received with cheers, said '-Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen,-It is a pleasant thing to meet a friendly audience, and especially when one is in the position of retiring from public life instead of entering thereupon. 1 feel that I coul.t not, either out ot courtesy and of respect to you, or out of respect to myself, give up public lue without first meeting mr constituents in Castlemaine -(cheere)-and 1 have come i here more for the purpose of eay- j ins good-by, at all events for a time, j than of making a speech. Of course; on an occasion of this sort something is always expected to be said, and in turning over in mv mind the matter I might touch upon at this meeting, I gradually felt one thing accumulate on the top of another till 1 began to fear the time allotted on an occa sion of this nature would he insuffi cient to enable me to say all I desire to tell you. 1 do not know whether the gentlemen nt the far end of the room can hear me distinctly, because I am not in good voice to-night I caught a cold last week, and although it has disappeared it has leitiue with my old enemy, a relaxed state of the vocal chords, and therefore I feel 60 hoarse that I may have some difficulty in getting through the remarks I desire to make. But 1 it in sure 1 shall have your sympathy, oud thatyou will endeavour to catch what I utter without putting me to the danger uf using my voice too much. (Cheers.) To pass away from what may be called the enacUiients that have been made, I may refer to one other question that has not ret assumed the shape of an net of Par liament in the full form we intend it should hereafter, and that is the question of irriga tion. (Cheers.) I think I may appeal to the meeting as representative of the whole country to say that into no quest ion that has concerned the people of this colony have the Government thrown themselves with so much vigour as into that of irrigation. (Cheers.) After the last session but one of Parliament was finished, the Government sent Mr. Deakin to America to study the ouestion Ihere, and he brought back Bn amount of information that was absolutely marvellous to have been obtained in so short a time, and he afterwards re ceived well-merited applause for the com plete and picturesque way in which he placed that information before the farmers of this country. (Cheers.) I wish to mention one important advantage that incidentally resulted from that trip of Mr. Deakin's to the States, and it jost shows how important it is to have men in high places who have their eyes open, so that they may utilise for their own country the information they receive in other lands. Mr. Deakin, when ill America, found that in thatcountry they nsc sheet iron piping different altogether from that which was used in this colony. We bod always used cast-iron mains, whilst sheet iron was used and riveted together instead of cast ing them in the mould. Mr. Deakin observ ing this, brought the matter under the notice of the engineers here. A careful inquiry waB made, and the result is that as far as the closest approximation of cost can be made, instead ot £100,000, as would he the coat under a contract which the Government were just on the eve of entering into for the supply of mains in connexion with the Yau Yean, these mains will be got, and will lasts great deal longer, for the sum of £00,000-(cheers) -so that for that one contract alone of £100,000, one-fifth of the amount has been actually saved. When we look ahead, and see the enormous quantity of maips that will still be required, yon can imagine the saving that has been made by Mr. Deakin simply having his eyes about bim. (Cheers.) Alter referring to the past action of Parliament and the Govern ment, he continuedWith respect to finan cial matters, I think I may refer, with some satisfaction, to the condition of our finances. We have bad very difficult times to face in connection with the finances since the present Government took office; The very first tiling I saw as treasurer was, that I bad to raise about 8,000,000 of money within two years in order to pay off old loans. Well, that was a serious thine to do. to go to the London market so rapidly, and that on the bock of another loan for railway purposes. The situation caused me, I assure you. the deepest anxiety. Uowever, the whole tiling was carried through in a manner that was satisfactory to the country. The colony was congratulated by the press from time to time, and we were able to pay off onr loans without any difficulty whatever. Well, now, we have for the first time for many years brought down die nominal ex penditure on the Estimates within the nominal income on - the Estimates. In former years, and lor many years back, it bad been the custom in some cases to vote hundreds of thousands of pounds more than the revenue of the year as shown upon the Estimates. The Treasurer would say, "I am only get six millions of money-, bat if yon Ukc you can vote six and a half millions." Of course that is not business at all, as everyone cau see. Still it was done, and this result was that great sums of money were voted for public works, but not half the amount was expended, and of carry, ing out the directions of the House, which be could not ouryout, the House having directed him to do what he could not do. the Treawrer had to decide what works were to lie undertaken, and he expended the money in such directions as be pleased. The members for the various districts brought if*1 (beostensttfc ecpendi mnu incom?- the icfut that the Treasurer has canted oat the wtta jm Parliament directed. (Cheers.) Hodw the old system members got votes on the Estimates ajidwent home rejoicing, bat thOP at ** "as often /©.TEL underVdqtnotice. We . fagteunce at the tanks that wehavehad for tears, and we have no anxiety when the come# found tad we hstTT send remittances of eix or Beveti hoM.5 thousand pounds to London. (ltear, h«r,' Bat the plestentest feature of .,} is the nse m th* value of VfctJ!" debentures. When the present Gov*,? rnent took office, the debentures »w! in the London market at £101 Bg. jS® the latest quotation taken from a w dondrcular, which Xsawto-day.shows tw they stand at CIOj 10a., *nd for the first tlnS for many yean they haraacfcoally topped debentures of New Sooth Wales, {ChwMV We Btand at the very top of the wholes the Australian colonies, at least we did fT a month or two ago, and I have no doota i* shall resume the position again, hear.) Theaeare points which the are justifled in brining under joar noti* (Hear, hear.) Anottyer feature well mentioning is that when we took office *» found at the various departmente 435 mentf the uneroplfcyed worMng for day wftee. Under the Government fottiro years the«W, not been a man employed in that way.(Cbe«S The Government do not take credit for J this, bat there iB no doubt a great deal of ftp prosperity which the colony has reeenUr enjoyed has been owing to the political quietude, which has enabled everybody to «. tend to his business, and the confidence which capitalists have felt in investing their moot, in works which tend to promote the generi] progress of the country. (Hear, hear.) There can be no donbt that a nation at peace is a nation with prosperity. (Cheers.) And now a few words as to the present position of the federation question, the anuciationof New Guinea, and the importation of French convicts to New Caledonia. With regard to federation, we are at present in this position, that five out of the eight colonies in Austral asia have united and formed a federal council These fire constitute « million and a half of people, just about half of the whole of the Australasian colonies. (Cheers) No doubt it is a matter for deep regret that the other colonies did not come in, one from almost a pure accident, and another from* mistaken notion on the part of one of its Ministers. As to the third. New Sooth Wales, I don't know exactly what vru the reason why she would not come in, and 1 won't guess, but It is a matter of great concern and regret that New South Wales is out (Hear, hear.) My own feelin; is that they will not remain long out I see in this morning's paper* there iB something about the doings of German war vessels it Samoa, which will be very startling to onr cousins in New Zealand. They felt that Samoa ought to belong ,to them, and they must be labouring under a misgiving that if ^hey had joined the union they would h»re been able to exercise a far more powerful influence over Satnoan matters than they can possibly expect to do acting separately. (Cheers.) Well, the first Federal Council meets at Ilobart on the 25th. and Mr. Berry and I have been appointed to be the first representatives from this colony. No dpubt it will be a very batubie bc- gin&i;&K;, wra we don't want to make more of it than it dear able, but it will be a fruitful seed. Lite the grain of mustard seed, it will grow into a large tree, which ultimately, 1 beliese, before long wiU envelope the whole of the colonies. (Cheers.) Meanwhile^ tfeere is no reason why the colonies desire to agree on certain things not be at liberty to do so, and that is to Cisely what our Knabling Act permits Mb da (Hear.) With regard to toe question a annexation, you all know bow New Guioa came to grief, to a large extent, by the in action of the then Secretary of State for the Colonies, but 1 can't help feeling, although it is the first time I luve said it on any public platform, that ths German occupation of New Guinea would possibly never have occurred bnt for the unfortunate telegram of Sir Alexander Stuart to the Colonial Office stating that the people of Sydney did not agree with the telegram Eent by Mr. Service urging the immediate annexation of New Goiun. (Hear, heat.) That unfortunate tele gram fell like a bombshell among tb agents-general, and disheartened ta to an extent you can easily conceirt and, at the same time, it strengthened bwa Derby in bis inaction, because it enabled him to say, "Oh, they are nut agreed amopg themselves; why should 1 bother f* The result was that whilst the Colonial Office ni waiting, and whilst NewSoulh Wales was wait ing, through theaclioa of its 1'retuier, Gerauoy i stepped in and snatched away one-halt of New Guinea. It will always remain a bitter remembrance, and future historians will write ihe story of this annexation of New Goine* with quite as much sorrow and regret a» ? I expressed at the present time. (Bear, hesti The only thing we can console oawelm *i» 1 is that the Germans make good neigliboan J and are friendly to Kngland, so that ««« not likely to come to JoBgrerheads with theo n these seas. (Hear, hear.) But that u* poor consolation m comparison *"? I seeing the Union Jack floating over e«3 island in the Western l'actfic. (Cheer*) We bad a terrible fight against against the importation of French con"T into New Caledonia, and we won to u«* extent that up to the present Ume tw French Go* eminent haw never attempted ® send a single convict to New Oaledomaunoo the new law, and oouvictiam «* thwejw appears to have received its death-Mo*. (Cheers.) Nothing is to be done New Hebrides until Australia is consall«; and I look on that as seeing those taken from France for all time to> con* (Cheers.) 1 hare aaid that the pw*nt Gor»s ment have not been charged with roption, but we bare been charged one job, and the bigge»t job em attempted in this country. 1 refer to «* placing of the late Attorney-General « «* bench of the Supreme Ckwrt lw ssBssffi^g that the bill ft* the .^otaentoU a*® Itl "W? SSPSXXtVZWj2 could have put the name of Ctepwe Kwferdin that bill, end ptfrfj tWg tegrityand .oondnees of could get, and if these meuhave all Job, whereas* wa, mind wbsre ****^nce sbsms Vint, u to the additional iodf® ofre#3'1® ^ <£?' Mock in the SupraneOourt. Tbercjffi*^, tlnued outcry dw after day .end ^ ; pnperg, which does not apptoveof the job, " (he existing block in the Supreme rt not only attract* but demands atten 3." This was aa late as July lust, and about it vary same time a deputation came to me *n the bar. It represented both branches the legal profession, and insisted upon 3 appointment of an additional judge, en like Mr. Webb, who was the chief leer, Mr. Purves, one of; the ._rtest practitioners we bave. Mr. »ule, a well-known solicitor, the two nviea, both leading men, and Mr. Ty, a member of the Assembly-these Bn came to me late in July or in the be iigof August,andinsiated that they conld get on without another judge. The Go lment never attempted to contend that was no block or that there was no sity for another judge, but promised, the very beginning of the session, it we would introduce a measure better man the Supreme Court, felt a little ashamed 01 ourselves as j looked upon as the cause of the block, resolved to put ah end to it The bill i introduced by the Attorney-General wit h view to appoint seven judges to the preme Court, four to constitute an nppeal irt, and the other three as puisne judges, la lesser number of County Court judges, it was unfortunately brought in at a period of the session, and the Mixes proposed were so radical that rliaineiit had not time to discuss bill, which contained other important Iters, such as extending the jurisdiction Justices of the peace, extending the time 8uc for debt to the usual period under the ite of Limitations, and altering the pro ire of the County Court. The latter pro jns were of such an important character one member of the House, Dr. Quick, ared that he would not vote for the bill they were kept in it, but in bill as it was afterwards passed all matters were struck out, leaving a provision for the appointment of a judge. This was not done by Mr. rd, but was done by my own direction, ing to carry out the wishes, not only of iment, but of the whole legal profession, j one morning, one of the papers came nth the Btatrment that there was no [ at all, and that the appointment of a judge was altogether, unnecessary, fell upon the Government like a ltion. It had been BO drummed r ears that there was a block, and that necessary to get rid of that block, er, the Assembly which bad the bill i it did not choose to jump Jim Crow, aply laughed at the remarks made, and the bill. When the bill reached the [ that body hesitated for a day over it, le law institute, fearing the bill not be passed, actually presented etition praying that it Bhould ed in the publiciuterest The measure passed by a lar^e majority. These : facts so far as the passage of the bill erned. As regards the appointment of have no hesitation in saying that lment were justified in regarding , necessity ; then the only question emains is regarding the appoint Mr. Kerferd. There is nothing regretted in political life so i the attacks made upon a gen than whom no man in either ias been so highly respected. (Cheers.) i been before the country now for 21 ind has been Attorney-General for a time than any other man, at all as a law officer of the Crown, been a law oflicer for eight years lan half the term of his Parlia career. Mr. Kerferd is admittedly Bcliolar and a clever man, and lor jears he has been studying law in its iverse forms, for many legal questions [before the Attorney-General which if ever come before the Bench or the the duties of the Attorney-General were t>re varied, and of a much higher order, fwas commonly supposed, and only i of undoubted capacity was able to per iem. (Hear, hear.) It had been said r. Kerferd had not had much practice bar. Well, there are many prac i able to win verdicts from unwilling I whom we would no more like to see on npreme Court bench than a certaiu per who shall be nameless. (Laughter 'cheers.) They were learned in the Eand clover speakers, but utterly in kle of performing judicial functions the want of a judicial mind honest purpose, general intel or patience, all of which charac s belonged to Mr. Kerferd in a high (Hear, hear.) One reason why Mr. 1 hnd not had much court practice iat, like Mr. Higinbotham when he officer, he would not take private but Btuck to his official duties, and Utorney-General who did that got to do, and Mr. Kerferd has his work well again and again, i hnd to send appeal cases home, and >. case as far as I can remember his , has been confirmed by the ultimate »n of the Privy Council The cases Morris, the fiolonui v. thr. Uarbour id the Oriental Bank failure, are itions in point The colony had i in the hands of the Oriental Bank, i the aid of Mr. Kerferd's advice and nd astute management we recovered , penny of that money and halt of the (Cheers.) Such a man is surely ) of giving an honest and upright deci (Cheers.) I don't believe one-tenth antieth of the people have any y with the abuse that has t-een at Mr. KerfenL (Hear, hear.) and merchants of high standing ^said that they were disgusted at that and one of the most respected judges Bench voluntarily came to me 1, " I am delighted you are putting M r. lon the bench. He will made an ex ; judge." (Cheers). Anther judge re * that he would be pleabed to see Mr. ' appointed, adding, " We know more iw than he does, but he knows far more ! law than we da" I mention these i to show you that the Government were justified in making the appointment, i should have done a grievous wrong if. (a vacancy at our disposal, we had failed i it to the gentleman who, of alt others, , deserved it* and who bad served the ~ in successive Governments with advantage. (Cheers.) It was a to aay the Attorney-General had d himself to the bench. That was ible. It was a question for the Go* eut, and especially lor the Premier, be new judge . could not act the Premier bad signed his Bious. The Attorney- General was put I Bench by the unanimous consent of leagues in the Cabinet, and the all but ious consent of Parliament-(cheers) venture to say that within a very time the people will say there was a better judge on the Mr. Justice Kerferd. (Cheers.) nbeir that about a year ago another m was pot on the County Court >y the present Government some this country who did not care apjKA^^Qt stated so. but now' it is niimitted that the gentlemen who was selected Uoneof tl»jc l^tiCou'nty; Court judges who ever eat upon tlie Bench. I have taken up, perhaps, longer time-in dealing with this fcubjefct than I ought to have done, but as it is a job which is charged against us,' the matter ought to be placed fairly before the country. Now, having dealt with the past, let me come to the present ^To the last moment the Go vernment commanded the confidence of the House, and I venture to say that on the. great bulk of the measures it has passed we have commanded the confi dence of the country. This is the case also to a very large extent with respect to our administration. The Government would be fairly justified in saying that if they had gone before the country in a solid phalanx, and if they had asked the country for a renewal of its confidence in them, they would in all probability have got it, and would have come back with a sub stantial majority. That, however, is not to be, so fur as I am personally con cerned. When I returned to the colony, as I told you three years ago, I did not come here with the view of entering political life. The state of health of an aged rela tive was the reason why I returned, and therefore I had formed no planB for the future. When I was suddenly pitchforked into political life I had no idea of having such a long run of office, because ministries here are notoriously 6hort lived. I therefore looked forward to a return to England probably at the end of the present Parliament In fact, I left England a year earlier than 1 had intended, and I then laughingly gave n promise that I would be i back in London in the exhibition year.; However, all these things were in the future and had not concreted, as it were, into any solid determination. But early in the beginning of laBt session I found that the strain upon me was becoming more than I could well stand, and after my budget speech my voice went away. For a month I never entered Parliament House, and from that day until now I have not attempted to make a substantial speech. There may be some people who are glad to have three fine years of office, but I am one who must work with all my soul, and if there is no work, Imake it The strain of office life has probably, therefore, been more heavy upon my Bhoulders than it would have been npon those of many other people. The work that had to be done during the last three years has, however, been of a charac ter that has never been dealt with before. All this foreign policy, federation, the Pacific Islands, and the convicts had to be faced, and no one on earth, except my worthy private secretary. Mr. Thomas, who is now on the platform, will know thelabour thatwasgoncthrough in connexion with it I must say here, and 1 know that Mr. Thomas will not be pleased to be so publicly referred to, that he has been my right hand, not only as an amanuensis, but as an officer, to assist, consult, and suggest matters to me. I therefore desire to take this opportunity of acknowledging his high merit Then 1 felt, as the session went on, and in the state of health I then was, that it was utterly hopeless for me to attempt an election campaign. That and some other things gradually brought me to make up my mind to withdraw myself from public life, at all events at the end of the last session, when it was found that Mr. Berry and Mr. Kerferd would retire. At the same time the question arose as to what was to be done. The Queen's Government must be carried on uutil Parliament again assembled. It has been said that we have dictated to the country as to who should succeed us. We have done nothing of the sort We merely do that with out which the country would have a right to dictate to us, and say that we are not doing our duty if means were not provided to carry on the business of the country until Parliament had an opportunity of expressing its opinion. We were, therefore, bound, in contemplating a retirement of this sort, to consider what advice we should give to His Excellency the Governor as to who should succeed us. After all, it depeuds upon the Governor as to who it shall bet and if he chooses to disagree with our advice he has a perfect right to do so. That being the case, who would suggest themselves to our minds more naturally than those who have been working the ship with us all along? Is it not something that there is one among those colleagues whose capacity is equal to that of any man in the House, who has been attentive to his duties, and who has taken part in public affairs for many years? I ask, who else could we turn to when we nominated Mr. Gillies to take the helm of the interim Ministry, for of course it can be nothing else ? All Ministries are interim Ministries until 'hey secure the en dorsement of the country? Therefore, I say the Government have no right to be blamed for indicating that, in their opinion, Mr. Gillies is the proper man to take the helm in this interim fashion. I will say nothing about tlie future, only that the Government are . now doing what it is their bounden duty to do. We know all about the capacity of these men we know their fiolicy, and that at all events while this Par iament is in existence they will not reverse the policy which the country has so far en dorsed. We leave the Ministy to carry on the business in the way in which it has been carried on until the constituencies have a chance of speaking out ^ 1 will go further. The question of education comes up at every election, and is there any one in the colony who is better able to carry out the national policy of education than Mr. Gillies, who was bimselt one of the authors of the act? Then, as to irrigation, which is of the greatest interest at the present time, who is a better authority than Mr. Deakin ? we have an analogy in the course copied by New South Wales the other day in dealing with the same thing. When Sir Alex ander Stuart and Mr. Dalley went out of office, they handed the reins over to their colleague, Mr. Dibbs. (Hear.) There is no other way. To have gone to the country, declared our policy, and then resigned, as Bome have said we ought to have done, would have been undignified and un worthy of any Ministry. (Cheers.) Itwouldhave been playing with and deceiving the country, and wesnould have been open to the charge of; acting under false pretence®, of having some sinister reason, or desiring to help some of our colleagues or our sup porters to Parliament (Hear, hear.) Such a course would not bear examination. (Hear, j hear.) I should like to have.been able at the j next general election to assist the members j wbo nave supported the Government so heartily, but we have taken to the, only straightforward and manly couree open to nil (Cheers.) A word as to the futorfli The question has been raised -III this coalition system of government to go on, or is it to come to an end? It ib tor the country to Bay. I have looked upon it not a coalition, .but as an amalgamation-(cheers)-and I ask, is there anything in the interests of the country that demands that this state of things .hall come to an end? Has this coali tion-^or, as I call it, amalgamation - of political parlies been productive of good to the country or evil ? Is it desirable we should call up. tlte old party cries, that we should try to resuscitate the evil dava of the past. In my opinion, and 1 am now going perhaps further than I ought, because 1 am speaking of the future, and I have no future politically -but if you are going to resurrect the old parties, let ine warn you that they will be only the ghosts of their former selves ; nay, they would be worse than ghosts, for you will resurrect not the ghost?, but the putrid corpses of the old parties and the old cries, which would be offensive to the sight, the smell, and the touch of the whole people ot Victoria. (Cheers.) A row in this colony cannot benefit the country, although it may benefit n few poli ticians who are anxious to Ret into ollice. These men will not wait to secure a portfolio in n fair way, but they look for a squall, so that they may rise on the wings of the tempest into office. There are always a few of these stormy petrels looking about, and they are on the rampage now, and it is a question now after having three years of quietness whether the country will go back to the old state of things. There is nothing in the House or country to divide the parties; when the real cause of strife arises tlien is the time to enter into it, not when that cause does not exist. I say cursed l>e he who stirreth up strife. (Cheers.) I iiad intended to make a few remarks upon the decentralization, but it has got BO late that I am afraid that I will be unable to touch it (Cries of " Go on.") 1 will say a few words upon one or two other matters which 1 have prepared notes upon, as it will give others the opportunity of following and : showing whether I am right or wrong. ! It will also indicate to what extent this question has been justified by the course which has been taken up so far as the town versus- the country, or the country versus the town is concerned. I do not like to see the cry raised, but, if the facts justify its being put forward, then the facts are to blame, and not the persons who start it As a country member, 1 am therefore prepared to take up the cudgels on behalf ot the country, but what struck ma in connexion with the league was, that it seemed to me to be a badly got up platform to begin with. (Cheers, and cries of "No.") There has J been a good deal of trouble to make the1 platform. (Cries of "No.") Let me tell you one or two facts. I know that one j gentleman went to Ballarat and de clared with reference to the Electoral Bill which was thrown out that an evidence that Melbourne and the metropolitan districts were preferred to the country, was shown by the fact that our hill provided seven new members for Melbourne and the suburbs and only three for the country. The fact really was that there were five new members for the country and fire for the metropolitan districts. I saw that another gentleman in Ballarat Baid that one of the planks of the league should be that the merchauts in the country should lu^fre the right to possess bonded stores, it stcuckme as being very re markable to make a plank in A platform a privilege that people had bad given them lor a dozen years past (Cheers.) These and other tilings looked as if the league were looking tor a plank. How ever, I have some figures here to Bhow what the facts are. The league should have got figures to start with, for if they had done so they would have been on the solid rock, and everyone could then say that he was a leaguer. The platform has been altered twice, if not three times. I have got the platform aa finally agreed upon at Ballarat, and, so far as 1 can see, it is one that anyone can sign and approve of, but it is so vague that I do not see what practical result can come out of it There is only one question which has been defi nitely entered apon, and that is the matter of the workshops at Newport That is definite enough, out I think that is the only definite cry they have; and, as I told the deputation to-night, they do not bring facts to bear out even that cry. I shall not go into that question, but will read state ments of the expenditure during the last 10 years from all sources so far as they can be worked out It must be remembered that the present population of Melbourne is to the population of the colony in the proportion of rather more than one- third. On works and buildings there was expended in Mel bourne during the 10 years the sum of £],765,000, and in the country £L,068.000. That shows apparently that the country had not received its fair share. The next item, however, is that of diamond drills, £87,000; and that was expended entirely in the country, as was also the prospecting vote of £50,000. Agricultural societies have received in the Melbourne district £7,000, and in the country £95,000. For scab prevention £86,000 was expended entirely in the country; charitable institutions, Melbourne £515,000, and country £037,000; school buildings, £285,000 in town, £1,070,000 in the country; maintenance of schools, £873,000in town, £3,520,000incountry; building of free libraries, £600,000 in country; municipal grants, £322.000 in town, £3,211,000 in country. Then, in the Minin" department, £50,000 has been expended in tne country in cutting tracks, &c.; Country mail ser vices cost £900,000, as against £120,000 in Melbourne. For water 6upply in the country £1,127,000 was expended, and for the Yan Yean, £061,000. The Yun Yean is paying interest on the whole of the money expended. The total expenditure tor Melbourne is £4,548,000, and for the country districts* £12,621,000, making a grand total of £17,169,000. If the town .had . its., share, over 83$ per cent would be ? spent in Melbourne, whereas only 26J per oent bad been spent in town, and 73£ per cent, had been spent in the country. The expenditure in Melbourne, therefore, fell short of its proportion by over £600.000. In railway expenditure the coun try has had by far the greater advantage. The expenditure in Melbourne was £5,330,000, and in the country £22,309,000. The propor tion was therefore 17 per cent in town, and 73 per" cent, in the country, 10 per cent heing set.' down to rolling stock, &c.; I leave these figures for your consideration. In conclusion allow me to thank you for all the kindneBS you have shown me eince I became one of your representatives. I Know I have not been able to. do, as many things as 1 would like to have done, but I have done everything I- could fairly and con scientiously da I am not aware that I have neglected #nr matter or tailed to attend to auy communtfeatioh I hhve received from my constituentsiii the whole district. I am glad that I partJthe best of friends with the con stituency bt Ctatlemahve as I did with the other constituencies I haye represented, and for similar reasons-namely, that I have to go to England. I must now therefore, for the present at least, bid you good-bye. (Loud and prolonged1 cheering.) Mr. J. W. HABWOOD moved " Th*t this meeting desires to express Its sincere thanks and debt #1 gratitude to the Hou. J. Service tor the self-denying, patriotic, aud sue oesrful manner in wlifbu he has fulfilled bis onerous and honourable duties a? member for Castlctnainc infl Premier pf Victoria." Mr. SEUVICK.-It is not neccssary to put that motion. You have jjiven me all the com pliments that I dtHlra Xkoud cheers.) Mr. LiEimv, in response to repeated call a, aaid that he wns not there to make a spcech. While he had listened to the Premier, lie telt that he (the Premier) might have put the case of the Government in a stronger light The meeting dosed with a vote of tuauka to the chairman. 