THE MADDING CROWD. BY MARY ANN. SThe very commendablhe conciliatory tone- indeed it would be much nearer the mark were I say the almost perfect concord of opinion that has character ised the deliberations of our councillors for some time past-came to an abrupt and' unexpected termination-only for the time being let us hope, at the last meeting of the Council-whether it was owing to their having met out of the accustomed groove of civic regularity, or to the loss of some filthy lucre over the Cup,. or whether it had its founda tion in that blighting curse which de stroys the usefulness and saps the in dependence of thought and action of every governing body in which it takes root, aLoQusse, that; prompted four of our city fathers td'display such cap tioLu hostility towards the very sen sible proposition 'of Cr Phipps anent the swimming baths, which if a plebis cite of the citizens were taken' upon it I am confident would be carried by an overwhelming majority. 'It is aurpris ing what frivolous protests, what hair splitting quibbles men will raise against the.:.passinm:-:f a mbasure"when they desre to . disgniee-thew true- cause :.o their opposition to.it. Anid from rea'd ing the published accounts of what transpired at the last meeting of the Council. I can come to no other con clusion than that the reasons assigned by Cr's Britten, Best; Showers, and Grigg, for their opposition to the mo tion, were both frivolous and hair splitting. The real reason-whatever it may be-they carefully kept from the public gaze. One would naturally im agine that as the oft-repeated excuse of civic impecuniosity no longer bars the way-that instead of trying to stop the efforts of Cr Phipps to establish what is acknowledged a public boon both from a hygienic and physical point of view, that his colleagues in fulfilment of their pledges to the ratepayers would have given him their .hearty and unani mous support. Refer it to the Public Works Com mittee, said the Opposition, with the fore-knowledge that once there it would share the same fate as its predecessor. On the 17th of August last Cr Phipps carried a similar motion, and likewise referred for report to a sub-committee, who had given a pledge to their consti tuents to support such a proposition. Now the sequel, Its volumes speak will. From the 17th'of August 'up to. the present date-a period of three months -those gentlemen have not deemed it worth their while to hold a single 'meet ing to consider the subject. One would have thought that however little they eared about keeping faith with the rate-, payers they, out of courtesy to a brother conncillor,would at allevents have done so. With the knowledge of these effects be= fore him, Cr Phipps had no other alter native but the step he took,or to let the question remain a dead letter. for an other year... Had those opposed to himi instead of raising points of order about the impartiality of his taking that ac tion at that particular juncture, had' given some tangible reason for.the course they thought proper to pursue, it would have shown at any rate an apparent desire 'on their part to meet their subject fairly, and not have left behind the savour of clique business about which it has now. As I-see by the annual balance sheet that the fin ances of the Council are in a healthy state, I'hope Cr Phipps will not let the matter rest if there is yet time to remedy the mistake made at the last meeting. .As we have the choice of three sites, one of them,thatalongside the Heidelberg road, being in every respect suitable for the purpose, as it is central and easy of access, and an elastic treasury. I fail to see why the residents of a city with a population of 30,000 should be com pelled to go to an adjoining munici pality when they wish to enjoy the luxury of a swim.' As there are ample grounds for assuming that the baths would not only be self-supporting; but also yield a handsome return on the capital invested in them. I trust our city. fathers will think'tlie matter. over, and stretch a point to give the much desired boon. Swimming has a physio logical effect on the' system, unobtain able from an ordinary domestic plunge or shower bath. As the principal factor in popular ising a public library is the' absolute certainty of admission within the pres cribed hours. I cannot understand why our city fathers sliould he Isurprised at the small attekidance df ?isitors at, our local library considering. they, frdom a notion of .mistaken:'economy; do not think it necessary to advertisn when the library :irll bte' plnsed, ton" readers ; it would be- srprising were it=tli'g. reverse. Times out of.:number" .ersons-some .of them coming from a long distance,. myself iidcluded--have,on arriving tat the library, found it closed against them through being occupied by a tueet ing of' the Council or soine festivities going on in the hall. Thie result is that the would-be readers at our own library have betaken tlhetselves to the Col lingwood ong. Iaowever as".5i00 is to he spent next year ii providing addi ttanal accommolktion. at. the Town Hall, no doubt provision will be made for a separate Conneil Chamber, thius leaving the library always open to the public. ' SThere is one feature' in connection with our great Cnp Carnival that tickles my fancy, and that is the glorioous cer tainty of its uncertainty, and yet strange to say in no other race-that is if' we were to believe all we are told before it comes off-is there so iy np osul cer tainties. ; it niunhut .aF horsey lore ??.a is read up and:mustered ifor the occasion is truly amazing.' Tour " Your strailett-ou eta ltiag young man? Double event youneg an i So awfully khowicip, So fond of blowing, Wisner- spotting young maos.. - are morer fan~sli$r qil4 ihe pludgreeio[ the performances of the nags and the weight they can carry at their fingers end. I have said some of the horses for the simple reason that there are always three or foir, etude in it whom those horsey gentlemen in the vastness of their %equine knowledge declare haven't a ghost of a show. But to their intense disgust one of those des pised mokes wine the race, and they lose their sugar. .The ways of horse racing, like those of love, do not run smooth. 