A Point of Law. " The jury wishes to be informed on a point of law, your honour," said the court officer. " Let them be shown into the court," replied the judge. " We wish to know," explained the foreman, " if a jug of whiskey in the jury room, if paid for by ourselves, would be contrary to the law, your honor?" "Certainly," thundered the judge. "I thought the information you wanted was in regard to the case." " We haven't got to the case yet," said the foreman, ^nd then tlieyjiled out, THE MODERN VOTER.—LADY CANVASSER (recalltng the episode of the Duchess of Devonshire and the gallant butcher 0/ ancient fame).—"Row, wouldn't you vote for SirCharles if Igavc youa—a—a—kiss?" Modern Butcher.—"A kiss, mum! What's the good of a kiss to me ? A pot 0' four 'arfs more in. my line J" AUGUSTUS and Clara became engaged after the usual manner of young people who haven't anytliing else to do, and Clara manifested a disposition after some time to dissolve the tie. " Augustus," she said one evening, "let's don't be engaged any longer." "What's that for?" he inquired, with some surprise. " Oh, I'm tired, and, besides, it was only a sham engagement on my part, anyway. Here's your ring." "Don't trouble yourself about the ring, Clara. It's only a sham diamond, anyway. I bought half-a-dozen just to use in little engagements Tike this. Good-bye ; don't tell any of the other girls about the ring, please ;" and he went out. GUEST {at the reception).—"This is a dreadful bore. Let us go." Stranger.—" I agree with you ; but my wife won't let me go—I am the host." EMPLOYEE, (to clerk).—"I don't object to your going to a funeral once in a while, but I think you might bring me home a fish or two." Sun-blush on the end of the clerk's nose extends rapidly to his ears. A STRANGER was asked if he was not afraid to sleep in the ghost-chamber. He was not. In the morning he was asked if he had seen any ghost. " I did. And I laid a subscription list before him, asking him to help our rowing club along. He was evidently embarrassed, and I did not see linn again." 