-mU5 aud ? JF ketches. DUNLEAP TOWER. (Chambers* Journal ) Chatter n. The first thing I did, after giving Mrs. St^veley my promise that I would at once begin my search for Catherine and not rest till I bad found her, was to resign my ritoataon under the BaQway Company. This I did without regret, as I had previously mftiip op my mind to try my fortune once again in one or other of the colonies. As ?oon as I was relieved from my duties, 1 began to make cautious inquiries in the neigh bourhood of Isterby as to the direction presumably taken by Mr. Rudyard on the evening of his departure with his wife. Some time elapsed before I could obtain the slightest due to the information I was in search of ; but when I once held the thread between my fingers, I was careful not to let It go again. It is needless to detail by what means I succeeded in tracing the two people I was in search of step by step over the road they had gone, nor the labour and difficulty 1 experienced before my quest came to an end at a lone house among the fells and moors on the bleak Northumberland coast. It was evening when I ended my search. I alept that night at a village a couple of miles away, and Before noon next day was in a very changed condition on my way to the house. I doubt whether Catherine herself would have recognised me, had she chanced to encounter me as I left the inn. In my younger and more prosperous days, 1 had been an adept at amateur theatricals, and my ?make-up* on the present occasion was a study from life. I was a German Jew pedlar, Mar Jacoby to wit, as the^brass-lettered name on my mahogany box plainly told. My beard and moustache were dyed black and trimmed in a foreign fashion ; I had long tangled hair and a tawny complexion ; I wore several flashy rings on my fingers j and a square box. well equipped with fancy articles, was sus pended over my shoulders by a strap. I spoke good English, but with a foreign accent, and that amount of gesticulation in which foreigners usually indulged. Such was the individual who tramped slowly up to the back entrance of Dunleap Tower and knocked boldly at the door. It was opened by a rosy-cheeked country lass. ' We don't want any,' she said before I could utter a word * Ah, but you most see what I have got, pretty hubs,' I answered with a smile and a bow, My box was opened before she could close toe door ; and wben once she flight- sight of the contents, she was in no hurry to go. ' I have everything from hair-pin's to cameo brooches. Wedding-rings, these, pretty miss. All, here is one that would fit you beautifully Let me just try it on. — Ba, ha ! what could be nicer ? And cheap, dirt cheap. And now let me fasten this broach on your dress — real cameo. I will vow you never looked so rhftrmjng in your life. Go into the house and see ; go and ask your friends ; and remember, everything is very cheap, most wonderfully cheap.' Blushing with pleasure, she retired for a moment and then called ? Sally.' Sally came, a buxom, good-tempered middle- aged woman— the cook, I suppose. ' Heart alive, what pretty things T sue exclaimed, clasping her h*nriE in ecstasy. I was still ^T^Ming on the beauty and excellence of my wares, when a door at the back of the kitchen was suddenly opened, and Rndyard entered the room, with bis hands in his pockets and a cigar between his lips, followed by a tall black-haired young woman whom I had never seen before. *H3Io! what's the row now?' he exclaimed, as the frightened servants fell back. * A pedlar, eh ? Come my good fellow, you'd better sheer off; we want none of your grimcacks here ; and hark ye ! don't let me see your ugly phiz about these premises again or my wnmriff may want to try the flavour of your calves V I fell back a few paces and made a littl* foreign bowt and with a deprecatory smile, held out some brooches towards his companion ' The gentleDian is pleasant this morning,' I said. * He does not ask the lady whether she would like to glance at my cameos. I have here some very choice ones, direct from Rome. ? See ! Bacchus and Ariadne, Venus rising from the Sea. All of splendid work manship, and all wonderfully cheap.' * Want anything in that line, Margery ?' Rudyard asked. She gave a little scornful shrug and shook her head, but did not reply. She was a tail well-built young woman, with plenty of red in her cheeks to match the poppies in her hair with quick-glancing, suspicious eyes, shaded by thick black eyebrows, and with a mouth hard and cruel in all it« outlines. She was a profusion of coarse jewellery lavishly dis played. * Come now, my fine fellow,' said Rudyard with a grim smile ; ' you must make yourself I did not stir : but opening a secret drawer at the bottom of my box, I took out of it a and having inlaid hafts. I knew that if any thing would attract Kudyard, they would. I remembered his weakness for curious pocket knives when a lad at school, and the bright little dagger he carried about him till the master, hearing of it, took it away. 1 held up the daggers without a word. His face lighted up the moment he saw them ; be hesitated afi instant, us though ashamed of his weakness ; but the tempta tion was too strong, and the next moment lie stepped forward irresolutely and took them * Poor, poor,' he said in a deprecatory tone Then : * How much for the two V . 'Fifteen guineas.' ' Fifteen thunderbolts I' 'They are worth twenty-five, good sir. They are unique. They were the favourite weapons of the late Ibrahim Pasha, and were manufactured expressly for him,' ' Anyhow, they're not worth the price you ask,' ' The gentleman thinks not ? Well this is what I'll do: I will leave them with yon at your leisure, and put them to whatever tests you may 'think fit. In the morning, I will call again, and then you will count me out fifteen bright new sovereigns and fifteen new shillings, and will tell me that you never got such a bargain in all your life.' 'You mealy-mouthed rascal, 111 do nothing of the kind '.' It was, however, finally agreed that I should leave the daggers, for having once fingered them, he could not bear to let them go. Next morning, I trudged up to the house again carrying with me a brace of pistols constructed on a principle which was but just coming into vogue in those days, although nothing like them before, and was even more delighted than with the daggers. Wonld I go with him into the shooting-gallery he asked, and explain that l new dodge to Yes ; I would go with him willingly, I replied. So into the shooting-gallery we went, which turned out to be the picture gallery at one period of the Rudyard history ; but the walls had been long ago deuuded of every picture that would fetch a price, and nothing but a few dingy family portraits remained, with faces, which a good scouring wnnlri tinv*i wnn^prfnllc imnri-iv^H Knrivarn was a tolerable shot, but not equal to me in this respect, for I had had much practice while in the busb, and I beat him without difficulty. When the target was sufficiently riddled, he reached down the portrait of one of his grim old ancestors in ruff and doublet, and set it up to be fired at. I confess that to me it seemed a terrible desecration to make a target of the fine old cavalier ; but when I protested. I cot nothing for mv rains but a declaration that he would treat the whole of the gallery in the same way. By the time the old gentleman's head was all but shot off luncheon was announced, to which meal Rudyard invited me. After it was over, we had some more shooting ; and then we adjourned to the billiard room, where we played game after game, till a cracked and doleful bell; gave notice that dinner would be shortly served. As with the shooting, so with the billiards — Rudyard could not touch me ; for I had been a marker in Melbourne in my low-water days, and had there made myself master of the game. But neither with the pistols nor the cue did I more than just evince my superiority over hjni| beating bis best shot, by a mere hairbreadth, and topping his highest score by a couple of points only, urging him forward with the expecta tion that he only needed a little more practice to beat me easily. * Come along, Jacoby, and let us have a bit of dinner,' said Rudyard at last, flinging down the cue with a' oath. ' But my dress, art' ptead*MJ I with an expressive uplifting of my hands. * Never mind your dress ! This is Liberty Sail, man. Fm not going to dress for dinner, why need you ? And after dinner, well have a bowl of punch and make a night of it ; for I mean you to sleep here. One doesn't meet with such a pedlar as you every day. We proceeded to the dining-room, a low dingy apartment, poorly furnished ; and in a few minnt-wi dinner was brought in, and with it entered the black-haired young woman whom I had seen before, and whom Mr. Rudyard, in his off-hand way, now introduced to me as his cousin and housekeeper. Miss YavilL The dinner was plain and substantial and proceeded for some time in silence. At length Rudyard broke out. ' Are you out of sorts to-day, Margery ? or are you sulky?' * I am not sulky ; I hare a headache,' she replied fla^h'ng a dangerous ghuice at him oat of her black orbs. ' That's well in one sense, and bad in anoth You had better have a headache than be sulky Madge. I don't like sulky people ; and I don't like people who sit like ghosts over their ' Really ! How humorous you are to-day and how excessively polite !' rejoined Miss Yavill, with a disdainful smile and a shrug, 1 Til go now, Martiii— that is, if you and this gentleman,' with a special emphasis on the word, * will kindly ercitse me.* She spoke with an unmistakcable sneer this time. It is possible that Miss Vavill was not in the habit of dining with pedlars, and resented my presence accordingly. ' Ain't she a handsome tiger-cat ?' asked Rudyard, ap]*ealing to me. 'Not without claws, either. — Go Margery, go, and my drained his glass. l And now for a l*oul of punch. Draw up closer to the fire, Jacoby, and try one of these Cabanas,' There was a rude but hearty hospitality about this man which seemed to be the sole good quality that had come down to him from a long1 line of open-handed ancestors. I did my best to entertain Kudyard that evening, and I succeeded. I related to bim scraps of adventure that had befallen me during my roving days ; I sang to him : above all, I proved myself a good listener when he chose to favour me with some autobiographic reminiscences of a not very creditable character ; and I drew him out liy insidious which he was l-est acijuitintcd. Towards midnight he rose and lighted our candles. 4 Jacob}',' said Rudyard, laying a heavy hand on ray shoulder and looking in mv face, with haven't spcut such a jollv day, I duii't know when ; for it's precious dull work living here, with nobody but Madge to talk to or quarrc with ; it becomes monotonous after a time you know. So I don't mean to let you go in a hurry. Yon roust promise me that you'll stay a fortnight at Dunleap, and not a day less. Speak, Bezonian, what sayest 1 A fortnight, Mr. Rndyard, is a long time, and what would Miss Yavill say to such an arrangement ?' * Diable ! 1 should like to see her object. I'd soon twiBt her white neck for her ! But Ua't she handsome Jacoby ? I'd marry her to morrow, only there happens to be a slight * An impediment, Mr. Rudyard ! I though from what I have seen of you, that you were a r'nT- who would let no impediment stand in the way of a fixed purpose.' We looked steadily at each other for a have suddenly sobered him. * Kins of pedlars !' he exclaimed, * I wish I knew 'how far I could trust you. But we will talk of this matter another day. One question, and then pood-night. What wonld you do, Jacoby, if you had a wife who was mad y.' My heart gave a great bound ; this was the first allusion to Catherine that had passed his lips. Looking him fixedly in the eyes, I said ' I suppose I should do as other people do in snch cay^ — shut her up, so that she could do no harm to herself or others.' *? Right you are, Jacoby ! That's the thing Gentle confinement, mild restraint, no harshness, no cruelty. Ay, ah, mad people should always be shut up.' He leered it me out of his drunken eyes, pointed to the door oimy room, bade me a rough good-night and was gone. My bedroom was on the ground floor ; and that, so far, was fortunate for the purpose I had in view. Its windows looked into the wilderness outside which was dignified with the name of garden. I put out my light, drew back the curtains, and sat down on the low window -scat, and went over again in thought all that I had seen and heard during the day. Mad ! Catherine was no more mad than I was, and Rudyard knew it. I bad not forgotten what Mrs. Staveley had told me ? that, in the event of Catherine's death, her husband would become possessed of the fifteen thousand pounds which she had bequeathed to him by wilL Here was at once a motive which, to such a man as Rudyard, involved in debt as he was, would be almost irresistable for causing him to wish to get rid of her. It was evidently a deep laid, villainous scheme on his part to bring his wife to the lonely house, and immure her within its gloomy walls away from every one whom she knew, on the vile nlea that she was mad. To a woman of Catherine's tempratment, such treatment could only end in Tnadn*nre that would be but too real, or in the more merciful alternative of death. But with a fortnight before me, if Rudyard held in the morning to the invitation he had given me overnight it would go hard if I did not find some mode of releasing Catherine from the tyranny of this man ;for that shewasshut up Bomewbere under the roof of the old house I did not for one mement doubt. Should Catherine die Dnnlean Tower and Isterby Manor would not I-e long without a fresh mistress ? so much was evident to me already. When every sound in the house was hushed I softly unfastened the casement and leaped down into the garden ; but the night was so intensely dark, and I was so ignorant of the plan of i lie premises that I found it would be usek^s to attempt any exploring till morning ; t ► I went back to bed and slept as best 1 could till daybreak, and then I started out on a journey of discovery before any one else seemed to be stirring. About five hundred yards to the north of the house, which was a spacious, substantial, two-storeyed building, dating from the time of the Second James, but without any pre tensions to architectural elegance, and on the summit of a steep slope, stood the object from which it derived its name — a gray, square, timeworn tower, keeping watch and ward along the coast and gazing like a grim sent inel far away acoss the white-manned waves of the North Sea. It had been originally in tended — so I learnt afterwards — as a place of refuse during these turbulent but romantic times wben raids and forays across the Border were matters of frequent occurrence — cattle and sheep might find shelter and safety till the brief, tierce storm had burst and spent itself, or had swept across the moors in another direction. On a high hiU only beacon, whence doubtless many a. warning dash, in days gone by, had roused the country -side. What if this old tower should prove to be the prison of Catherine ! The thought sent a thrill through even,- nerve. Frum different parts of the garden ttrraee, two sides of llie neither of them could I dis.eni .uiythiuf like a window, nothing but a few Iooph.-les and a low-browed door. The third side looked towards the moors, while a fourth fronted the sea, ami both was consequently hidden from me. Suppose I were to approach the tower a little more closely and ascertain whether it was in reality anything more than On reaching the end of the garden, I found on which the tower Btood was separated from it by a high stone wall, through which the wicket, now locked. 1 was trying to open it when a hand was laid on niy shoulder, and a voice said in my ear : ' Do vou particularlv want to get to 'the other side of that door*? If so, hadn't you better ask fortlie key V 1 turned with u start ujid looked at the speaker. Ho was a man ultout fifty ye«ir- oi age, with a keen foxy te.ee, short sturdy white hair, and small blue-gray eyes, full of craft and determination. He was dressed like a gamekeeper and carried a gun over bu shoulder ; but it struck me at once that bis language and bearing were superior to those of a man in his apparent position. ' Perhaps you would not mind obliging me with the key,1 I said. * I am desirous of examining that old tower.* * Then 1 am afraid your desire wQl have to remain ungratified.' 4 Are you aware that I am the guest of Mr. ' 1 am quite aware of the fact. You are Mr. Max Jacoby, a travellingpedlar— accord- ing to your own account. You dined with Mr Rudyard yesterday, and when you and he parted at midnight, he gave you an invitation to stay a fortnight at the Tower.' His keen eyes bad taken me in from head to foot as he spoke. He certainly looked aa if he had no belief in my statement that I was nothing but a pedlar. * Your information could scarcely be more accurate,' I replied. ' And now you will perhaps enlighten me with regard to your * Willingly. My name ia Aaron Starke. I am Mr. Rudyard's bailiff, steward gamekeep secretary, librarian, and general factotum — in short, his Jack -of -all-trades, and master of none.' ' I am pleased to make your acquaintance Mr. Starke. And now, perhaps, you will kindly inform me why the grounds on the other side of this wall are kept so especially private?' * Were yon an ignorant clodhopper ' he replied, * I should tell you that the ground round the old tower of which this wall is the boundary is haunted by evil spirits — that it is said to have been the scene of more than one terrible crime, and that, if yon do wish to be carried bodily away by Ludfer himself, you had better keep on this side the boundary. In such a case, such an explanation would suffice ; but to an intelligent individual like yourself, I can only say that it is one of Mr. Rudyard's special whims — and if you ever come to know him better, yon will 'find that he has many strange whims — that the tower and the ground round it shall be kept strictly private. No stranger ever passes through this door. When I have said as much as this to one of Mr. Rudyard's guests, I have no doubt said suificient' * Quite sufficient,* 1 answered drily. ' I suppose I may take my morning ramble in any other direction without faexnc looked upon as an intruder Y * With this exception, yon mar walk for milfH without hpTnp interfered with.* We bade each good -morning and separated. That Aaron Starke suspected me of being something different from wfaat I j*i*d re presented myself to be wbs evident both from his tone and manner. I resolved to keep out of his way as much as possible during the remainder of my stay at Dunleap Tower. I returned to the house for a small telescope which I had in my box, and then set out for a long walk. I took my way through the village, across the brook, and up a ravine thatled to a rocky spur of the hiUs, which at thiB place shot out in th^ 'liwpp of a promontory for a considerable distance into the sea. From the edge of the fourth side of the tower must be more or less visible, and while conversing with Aaron Starke, I made up my mind to visit the spot. After some rough walking, I found myself dose to the edge of the cliff. It wua lonely place and rarely visited except by shepherds when gathering in their flock from the up lands. I lay down and pointed my glass at the tower. Thence the whole of the third side of the tower— that which faced the moors— was plainly visible. like the two sides I had seen from the garden, it was loopholed but had no window. But on the fourth side which faced the sea, I could clearly discern the outlines of a square window, although only able to obtain a side-view of it I waited patiently for more than an hour, keeping mv glass fixed constantly on the window. At the end of that time I saw the casement opened and a white bund wtrpfa?h^t oat for a moment to fasten it back. Catherine was there ! {To be continued.) 