Chapter III,—Bearding the Lion, ' Courage mounteth with occasion."' "My dear Mada, listen to reason; things cannot go on as they haye been doing, it's a moral impossibility, and I cannot see why the present state of affairs should not work well for ub, they ought to; they must." After all they had found the opportunity they wanted of an hour together that evening after the little ones were in bed, the doctor engrossed in; bis study, his wife busy with her work basket, and Jeanne and the boys somewhere about the premises, but giving a wide berth to the two who so Eeldom met. Jeanne, in truth, bad given a broad hint to her brothers, and they, nothing loath, had gone off with their dogs to the very extremity of the section, while she, herself, sauntered away to one of the men's huts wboBe wife had a week-old babyto enlist a new set of sympathies. Mada and her lover were seated on a fallen log under shelter of an old winnowing-machine that stood not far from the barn. The night was glorious; a full clear moon shone down upon them, softening all the rough places with its silvery light, and making even the pad docks with their poor thin crop almost beauti ful. There was a soft reviving breeze stirring amoDgBt the wheat and rustling the meagre heads—that was all they saw immediately around them; the meagreness was not visible in the moonlight. In the distance, for the old bain waB a considerable distance from the house, they could see the white garden gate gleaming in the middle of the hedgerow, and beyond that the soft lamplight from the sitting-room windows, both of which were open, and the curtains drawn aside to admit the breeze that had sprung up so pleasantly after sunset. Altogether it was a peaceful scene—at least in the moonlight; but Mada and Robert were scarcely taking it peacefully. Not, indeed, that they did not feel the pleasure of these few moments together—so few and so far between as they were; but, as Robert Ellingham ex pressed it, "the moral earthquake wa3 beginning, and they were experiencing a little of:the depression of the lowering atmospheric changes"—at least Mada was, Her com panion somehow seemed to be gathering courage and life from -what-was-impending, and was trying to reason away the fears of his lady and infuse a little of hiB own hopeful spirit into hers. "YouBee/'he continued, rising and walk ing up and down,the whole scheme has been a failure, as everyone knew it would be. The land is poor, and if it were not so the doctor knows just as much about practical farming as . I do. Why','the Very "horses have been eating their heads off. Of course they must eat, but there was no feed worth speaking of this year, or last either. As to the wheat crops, there has been little enough worth harvesting you say, and this carting water has been an expen sive affair. Of course the irrigation scheme fell through, Ah yes ! it has all been a failure from beginning to end, and even with 'favor able seasons I can't for the life of me see that itwould have been much better. How your father could have resigned a good practice and have thrown away his money, in the purchase of such land it beats me to imagine." "My father had so many scientific theories in his head that he thought he could conquer any soil, and make it productive"— said Mada gravely— " That is it, yousee—theory—theory—theory —all theory, and not an ounce of practice. All very well if there had been money enough to allow for failures. But the doctor would never make a practical farmer if he tried it for fifty years," said Robert forcibly. "He can manage things on a small scale—where he can walk round and see his orders carried out. He is a splendid amateur florist, as everybody knows, The pity of it is that he did not keep to that and his profession." " Ye6,"6ighed Mada, looking troubled; "but you see, Robert, the deed is done. How to undo is ithe next question." "Yes, darling, we are beating about the buBh and wasting our fsw precious moments," he eagerly replied, again sitting down by .her side and taking her hand in both his, "It just brings me to what I said at first. Some thing must be done to avert the mischief, and, after all, dear, if the worst comeB to the worst —if the land and pjroperty must go—well, to put it more broadly, if there has to be a clean sweep of everything, though I can scarcely think matters can have been so recklessly con ducted as to bring such an entire wreckage— why, your father has still Mb profession, and it's my belief he could easily resume his old practice. The boys can be got into sometMng, I should think, through your uncle's influence. You muBt give yourself to me, darling, and we can take the two little ones fora wMletill thing3 are settled. Why, the whole thing is con tained in a nutshell," he continued enthusiasti cally, "and I don't see, Mada dear, why we should wait any longer; I shall speak to the doctor to-night." "Oh no, Bob! not to-night," said Mada imploringly. "But why not, darling? You cannot give me one sufficient reason, Besides," he con tinued more gently, "I do not like this ap parently underhand proceeding; no good can come of it. I was always against it. The doctor can't reasonably object to me as a son-in-law. I am not a rich man, but I'm doing well, and have already a good home in waiting. How long I have waited, Mada," he added reproachfully, "and perhaps needlessly. Now my sister Cissy is to be married shortly after Christmas, I shall lose my housekeeper, Mada dear. I must speak; it will be better for all parties if I do." " I wish father would confide his troubles to you. It would be much better if he would speak out. We should know then what we have to expect," said Mada. "I mean to know a little more than I do now before I go back to town," said Robert significantly. " ' Fair heart never won fair lady.1 My heart never has been faint. It was only for the sake and at the will of the * fair lady' I was dumb. But, darling, for once I am going to take my own way, and see if it is not a good one." They had a great deal to say to each other after that—more interesting to themselves than to us; and when they again rose and sauntered towards the house, the old clock in the sitting room chimed out 11. Mrs..Harden, Jeanne, and the boys had already retired, and through the open window of the study they could see the doctor at the table collecting books and papers together preparatory to seeking his room. " I Bball be up in the morning to see you off, Bob dear," whispered Mada, as they parted at the door, She ran off quickly to her room, and Bob Ellingham went forward to "beard the lion in Ms den." "Can I speak_ to you .for a few minutes, doctor ?" he exclaimed, walking boldly into the room with the determination of a man who felt his cause was good, and yet with just that degree of heart-beating which more or less must come on such occasions. " I know it's late," he added deprecatingly, "but I leave eaily in the morning, and have no other oppor tunity of seeiDg you alone," The doctor faced round upon him with Ms hands full of papers. There was nothing very formidable m his appearance. He looked young even now for his six-and-fifty years. Well built and upright, Ms hair and beard iron-grey to be sure, but well kept and silky looking, and by no means deteriorating from his appearance. Phrenologically speaking he had a fine head, a good broad intellectual brow; but there were two developments that were particularly apparent—the one ideality, the other firmness to a large degree—the first giving color to his theories; the other to Ms obstinate persistence in them, right or wrong, There waB a little set of the mouth as he faced round on Robert, fixing the full power of his keen grey eyes upon Mm, that gave the young man a little cMll. He felt, somehow, * aB if he were a patient under inspection, and that Ms ailments, whatever they were, were not likely to escape that searching gaze. Did the doctor indeed guess something of the nature of the impending interview ? Surely he must do so. _ But there was no possible reason for bis refusing his daughter; she was of age, and had a right to be considered—bo thought her lover as he braced himself up for the en counter. "I want to ask a favor of you, doctor," Bob went on, hastily, determined tMs time that nothingshould atop him. " It's a good deal to ask, I know, for I want you to give me your daughter," " Humph! So that is your business, is it, Mr. Ellingham ?" said the doctor, dryly, turn ing round again to the table and slowly placing his papers in a portfolio as he spoke. "I suppose I may be at no loss to understand to which daughter you allude? I have three, you remember." "No, doctor, I think your penetration cannot be in fault there," replied Bob, waxing a little impatient. "Mada and I have been long attached." " Ah-em ! Is it not rather late in the day to come and ask for what it Beems you have al ready taken?" said the doctor, still with his back turned to the petitioner, anj his hands busy with his papers, "Yes, honestly speaking, it is," said Bob, warming with his subject. "I ought to have spoken right out long ago. It was not my fault that I did not. But Mada thought you might not like it—that in this new life of yours she could not well be spared. She would not alio w me to speak." " Oh said the doctor duly, " And now," he presently continued in the same style, " the embargo, I presume, is removed. Mada thinks that in tMs phase of the new life she can well be spared. Is that so ?" "No," said Robert indignantly, for he felt keenly vthe unjust sarcasm of the tone; " Mada is an exemplary daughter. She protests that she is needed more than ever. But, doctor, I cannot see it. I protest againBt it, because"— he added slowly, as though weighing his words—" I fail to find any need of it," "A good daughter is always a need in a house," said the doctor sententiously, as lis removed the ashes from his pipe in preparation for a final smoke. " Well, doctor!" exclaimed Ellingham at last, impatient at what appeared to Mm frivolous delay, "what about my suit? You have known me a long, while now ; have you any objection to me as a son-in-law ?" "Do yon think for a moment, Robert Elling ham," said the doctor, turning round fiercely, "if 1 had an objection—the very ghost of-one j —that I should have tacitly allowed your visits from time to time, when, to any mere superficial gaze, they could mean but one thing ? No, sir; I have no objection to you as a Eon- in-law. I never had; but I confess I have wondered not a little why you have not come to me before." " I told Mada so. I knew you.must think it .strange," said Bob apologetically. And determined that his want of. frankness should occasion no more delay, and resolved to come to a perfect understanding at once, he con tinued eagerly, "You give me leave to tell Mada that you consent to our marriage, doctor ?" " How soon ?" asked the doctor, without re moving his pipe. "At once—if possible. But no, I suppose Mada will not hear of that," said Bob, with an a'terthought. " But at Christmas, or as soon after as she will consent to." "Humph!" was the doctor's single ejacula tion, and he walked across the room and re lighted his pipe before he made further auBwer. "Christmas!" at last he exclaimed. "Christ mas may briDg changes to us all." "The moral earthquake," thought Robert, as he watched his future father-in-law slowly paciDg up and down the room, pufiiag out heavy volumes of smoke from his pipe as he walked. "Doctor,"cried Bob, desperately, "I wish you were out of this, and back in the old home under the hills. The garden, the house, and the practice too are all going to ruin, and I have reason to know that your successor would gladly creep out of it. He is not liked, and is in debt everywhere." "Ah !"said the doctor quietly. "He ought to have made a good thing of it, but there was nothing in him." " The people had no confidence in him," said Bob, following up his advantage. "And no wonder—he was scarcely ever sober. They wiBh heartily, many of them, that they had their old doctor again," he added, diplo matically. " Well," said the doctor, after a long pause, during which he had paced the length of the room, three or four times, " it is getting late, and I see no use in prolonging the dis cussion." 'But you consent to give Mada to me?" said Bob, hurriedly, resolved on a lull cclaircisscment of the matter this time. "Yes, yes," and. I hope you will make her happy. She's a good, little girl, and of course we shall roifS her," said the doctor, huskily, " but I can't tell you how soon I can part with her—that will depend upon circumstances, I can't spare her yet." And Bob, feeliDg dismissed—for the doctor placed Mb hand on the lamp, preparatory to turning off the light—took up his hat, saying, "I'll just take a whiff of my pipe out in the air before I turn in. Good night, doctor!" and he passed out into the moonlight again. So far he had gained his point, and after all, now that the trial was over, it did not seem ! much of atrial. The "lion he had bearded" I bad not proved very formidable. He was glad it was over, nevertheless, and that the doctor had piomised to give Mada to him "some j time." He might have guessed that his fre quent visits could not escape a certain con struction—a child might have discovered their j motive. But then, they had thought—both Mada and himself—that the doctor was so en- ; grossed in this craze of Ms that the mere out side of things—the practical workings of Ms family life—were invisible to Mm. They had reckoned without their host it appeared. Spite of Ms "craze" he saw and knew more than they gave him credit for. "Yet so far," Bob thought, "he had gained • his point. Mada was now his promised wife, by her father's permission as well as her own consent. The rest would come and soon," he comfortably concluded between the whiffs of his pipe, As to other matters the doctor had not honored him with h'13 confidence. He had been' tolerably daring, too, in putting before him the possibility of an easy teturn to the old life if he were ready for it—or compelled by circumstances to be ready—and in response there had been a partial admission of a pending change. That was all; but even that was some thing—it might lead to more. He walked long in the shadow of the scanty hedgerow till the moonlight paled and drooped towards its setting. Looking from her window Mada saw him slowly pacing up and down. Once, when he stopped to replenish his pipe, she caught sight of his face as the moon's clear sheen fell full upon it. "She was not disappointed. Oh, no; she could see that. It was thoroughly complacent," she thought with a smile, and drawing her curtain she went back contentedly to bed. "Father has not refused him," shewhispered to herself as she laid her bead down again on her pillow. " He would not look like that or walk so calmly up and down if he had." And presently she heard the outer door open and close, and his footsteps pass along the passage to the bed that awaited him in her brother's room. They had no time to themselves in the morn ing — even the little ones were up and around. Bob had only just a moment at the last to whisper as he lingered behind, the children happily having run forward and climbed into the trap for their promised ride a short distance down the road. "It's all right, Mada, darling; the doctor gave his consent willingly; we had nothing to fear; you'll get a letter from me by next post explaining things, and if all's well I'll be back again next Friday," and with a hurried em brace they parted, and Mada stood watching the buggy a& it passed out of sight and the children came running back to the house, ex hilarated by their ride and eager for their breakfast, 