T x MODERN TaQnÖÜGHBRED BOSSES. T Tile Û tt< V(«iu«toy Review.) 1 "BECAUSE Melton and Paradox are two good horses, and horses go, the normal worshipper of our English racers has been sing- ling a pain in. their honour ; but, unfortunately, the sudden aviator of the French filly Plaisanterie has interrupted that triumph- ' phal~ohant,-and~the - exulting hymn -has quavered down into something very like an elegy. The sporting writer in the Morning' Post assumes a grand moral time and tells us that her victory, and the victories of other highly weighted foreigners t in the Cambridgeshire, is discreditable to English horses, forsooth 1 Now it seems to us that, if the, ghost of any famous English steed were summoned up to act as advocate from his Elysian loose box and ambrosia oats in the other world, he might with good reason argue thus : " It is not we, the Houy lubras, who have done all this mischief, but you-the Yahoo." As, however,' the topics on which he must necessarily dwell namely, the knocking to pieces of two year- old colts, with " their bones in fashioned and their joints unknit," the sacrifice of stamina to speed, and still more the transference of so many of our best, and more especially of our soundest, horses and mares to foreign countries have been discussed over and over again, without any practical result, it is perhaps as well to leave the brilliant and impressive speech of the four-footed orator-to the reader's imagination. Still, if anything, however trifling, can be done to prevent this old pre-eminence of England, which was not only a feather in her cap, but also, both for peace and war, a sinew of strength in her arm, from being like so many of her other pre-eminence utterly thrown away, the opportunity should not be neglected. This opinion of ours seems also to be that of others, as a very sensible article, after a silence of fifty years on the subject, has just appeared in the October number of the Quarterly Review, The article, as we have said, is sensible and interesting ; but the writer, however well up in modern racing, knows but little of the history of the turf, and, though he protests in a sort of way against Admiral Rous's well-known paradox about Eclipse and Highflyer, his protest resembles the Hartiugtoniuu protests against Mr. Chamberlain too closely to give old-fashioned fogies perfect satisfaction. It is, we. fear, too late to prevent ' foreign blood- horses, particularly if bred and reared in southern climates with adequate care, from equalling -one will not yet say from surpassing our own ; but a careful review of the past may check further deterioration \- if we have deteriorated - ory if Admiral -Rous and the modern trainers are right may clear the way for further improvements by silencing us, the fossil croakers, once for all. "When we say that the writer of the article named knows more about modern than ancient racing, we may point out as illustrations of our meaning, first, his somewhat vacillating sentence about the coming over of the Darley Arabian; that horse, according to him, reaching England at the beginning of Anne's reign, or a little before. Now the Darley Arabian foaled in 1700 was transported to England in 1704, his passage-and he was well worth the money costing 100 guineas ; we got him over here, therefore,, two years after Anne's accession to the throne, and not a little before. The matter in itself is of small importance, but the hesitation and uncertainty that it shows prevents the article, as we should say on a racecourse, from getting well off. Again, when he stands up for' Eclipse and Highflyer, "he does not seem to understand that there are oiJliiT horses, such as Atlasy Goldfinder, Dorimant, Shark, Potatoes, etc, who, even if not equal to Eclipse (and in Gold finders case there was a great difference of opinion on that point were much too near Highflyer to be put aside, in considering the case of the Old versus the Young." Besides this, in treat- ing of the general, question, does it not occur to him, or rather to the more devoted acolytes of the grand old handicapper, that between Eclipse and Voltaire (and some of us obsolete ones can go a good way further back than Voltaire) the interval of years is almost exactly the same as between Voltaire and his descendant St. Simon t According to Admiral Rous's theory, Voltaire, perhaps, certainly Velocipede Touchstone, and Bay Middleton, all practically belonging to the same period, have been some 5st. better than those contemporary players of their s with whom Admiral Eons ranks Highflyer and Eclipse. Now Eclipse must have surpassed his sisters. even more decidedly than they did their so that the English racehorse between 1770 and 1830 must have improved by leaps and bounds at the rate of nearly a stone per generation ; wherefore Priam or Velocipede, and still more Touchstone and Plenipotentiary and Bay Middleton a year or two later (all of them exceptional horses), would have been about last, better than, let us say, Ooraican (the last horse defeated by Eclipse and his compeers. Now look and see what horses of that class could do twelve years before Eclipse was foaled that is a whole equine generation further back than him. In 1852 Mr. Shafto, to whom the celebrated Goldfinder afterwards belonged, undertook to ride fifty miles at Newmarket in two hours. Ten horses useful horses, no doubt, but of a low class as racers-were assigned to him, and he accomplished his task with some twelve minutes to spare in other words, making allowances for pulling up, dismounting, mounting again, and getting his fresh horse into a gallop, to say nothing of the obvious probability that he would not risk bring himself or any of his animals, and so losing the match by over- pressure during the last fifteen or twenty miles, when victory was safe, these players of 1752, list, worse than our great horses of the present time, were each able to run over five miles in something like ten minutes. Until, therefore, Mr. Shafto's match is explained away, it is ridiculous to talk of the great champions of the eighteenth century is mere Bous leather-pl.iters, and the question may drop. As to the time occupied by particular, races, the writer of the article very justly cavils at" Mr. Day's assertion that Duleibella's Cesurowitch-run in 4min. seconds the fastest performance on record. "We can only say that, if Mr. Day wipes out all previous things, as a schoolboy wipes out yesterday's sum from his slate, we have nothing behind us to make a comparison with, and it is idle to raise the question ; whereas, if he does not dispute the older estimates, he must be labouring under some hallucination. Faster races can be found in Orton's Calendar (and he was judge or clerk of the course at York for many years) by the score. However, not to go back to Firetail, or Brilliant, or Sir Solomon, or Fillio-da-Pula-cum. multis alliance shall content ourselves with instancing two races, run, one in 1824, the other, perhaps the most remarkable contest of the century, in 1827\. Fair Charlotte, a good mare, but not of the highest class, was the winner in 1824. She accomplished her two miles in 3min. 28sec, and, if she had employed a smart hoped to finish off the extra 240 yards, would still have outstripped JJulctbeHn. In 1827 eight of the best horses in England started for the Doncaster Cup won by Mulatto and four of these had to walk in. time phin upon great Rev tob -bein once this not nine ston have k thre resp phar claim Ghi! chai Edi claim We he cess Bar the have been Chil the volt T alwi ash St. Dor the prir wen as The two miles away fiveTfurlongsràerfycom- sell petain 4min 10sec. V-P £11 $j< # ffeall \There\w"á good deal o^Vmoaníng»from.. " time to time'over'thè^decây of thVGodol his male line, which now depends solely upon Barcaldine. Of course, if you send great horses-like West Australian and Koveller,abroad,itbeconie8 difficult for them to beget colts in->Englaüd- inasmuch* as not' -being-birds-they-cannot-be in-two places at once; but we may console ourselves with this reflection, that the Godolphin blood is not lost ; Whalebone, the typical size of the nineteenth century, the grandfather of Touch- stone and great-grandfather of Stockwell, having within him seven distinct strains of it. The odd thing is, that if one of the three accepted ancestors has failed in this respect, it is the Darley and not the Godol- phin Arabian If Bartlett's Childers were claiming a peerage, as heir-at-law to Flying Childers, one would not give much for his chance of success and it is from him that Eclipse descends, and through him that he claims kinship with his Darley predecessor. We think it more likely than not that he was his ancestor as well as his predecessor ; but that is all that can be said. Bartlett's Childers was a Yorkshire horse, the Darley a Yorkshire stallion ; but we have no belief in the supposed brotherhood between Flying Childers and Bartlett's Childers ; nor, so far as we can judge, had the Mr. Wetherby who edited the first volume of the Stud-book. To conclude, our opinion remains what it always has been-that, though perhaps for a single race, even over the Beacon course, St. Gatien or St. Simon might beat Shark, Dorimant, Potatoes, or Highflyer, still, none the less, valuable qualities belonging to the primitive breed have been gradually weakened and destroyed. Such a career as that of, either Dormant or Potatoes would be impossible at present. Foreigners are wiser than we are in attending to the soundness and constitutions of their race- horses and unless we take the utmost pains (perhaps whatever we do now such victories as those of Plaisanterie will rapidly become the rule, and not the exception. I 