Australians at Home. By 'THE VAGABOND.' {Australasian.} IN SCOTLAND. No. I. The representatives of Australia who were honoured by being tbe recipients of invitations to Glasgow and Edinburgh took Sheffield en route. Mr. J. W. Pye Smith, the Mayor, the Master Cutler and the Cutlers' Company, the corporation, and the inhabitants of Sheffield made every preparation, and vied with each other to do us honour. Yorkshire in this respect will for ever remain in our minds as synonymous with hospitality. Here, as at Leeds aud Bradford, the chief in habitants opened their doors, and wel comed us to tbeir hearths and homes. In this pleasing intercourse there has necessarily been an interchange of opinions. Euglish gentlemen have found out that from the colonies there may come men of education and breeding. English ladies have found out that from Australia there may come ladies like uuto themselves, with the same taste for tailor-made gowns, and the same passion for lawn tennis and afternoon tea. English matrons have discovered that the daughters of the great Southern laud, if they have a little more freedom of speech and less humbug, are in fact very like tbeir own chickens This hearty hospitality given to us in Yorkshire, aud also in Devonshire, has made up for a great deal of tbe stiffness and falseness ol London society. At Newcastle , too, it may also be noted that people receive us at their own homes. The pilgrims had to make another early rise, to start from King's Cross at 7.40 a.m. by tbe Great Northern Railway. Sheffield was reached soon after 11. Here the colonials were welcomed by the Mayor and the Master Cutler, who were gorgeous in tbeir insignia of office — the chief constable, tbe aldermen and town councillors, and above all, tbe beadle. The Sheffield beadle is the most gorgeous of his type that 1 have ever seeu. As Artemus Ward would put it, he alone was worth twice the price of admission. Whether he belongs to the parish, or the mayor, or the master cutler, I know not, but we look upon this beadle as one of the most pleasing personal adjuncts of the reception. Sheffield should be proud of him. We are further complimented iu that Mr. C. E. Howard Vincent, M.P., accompanied us from King's Cross. He was heartily received by some of his constituents, although others manifested their disapproval of his policy by groans. From the station to the hotel we were literally mobbed by the Yorkshire crowd, anxious to see if we were black or not. They seemed all to be very much disappointed that we were whiter than them selves. At the Victoria Hotel we were introduced to our hosts, and at noon had a good lunch before being started around the town to view the works and the manufactories. Each visitor was provided with a handsome Russia leather badge, which bore the town arms and motto, and which we shall keep as mementoes of our visit. Various parties inspected the cutlery works of Messrs. Joseph Rogers and Sons, the silver plate works of Dickson and Sons, Walker and Hall, and Hutton and Sons, Messrs. John Rouud and Son ; and the edge tool works of Messrs. Skelton and Co. and the Hardy Patent Pick Company. I think that the inspection of the Sheffield manufactories afforded more enjoyment than anything which we have yet seen in this line. The working of steel and of plated ware is much more interesting in itself than looms and woollen factories. Eveiy colonist was presented with a handsome knife as a souvenir of his visit. Many, however, preferred driving into the country, having seen enough of factories in other parts of Yorkshire. Some of us drove to the Neumery Colliery, and went down 600ft. ; to say that they had been down in a coal mine. Mr. Howard Vincent accompanied them, and could tell a good many Australians of his 2,000 and odd feet experience in the mines of Bendigo and Ballarat. At each of the establishments visited there was an interchange of compliments, a shaking of hands, and mutual expressions of esteem. We returned to be taken home by our hosts, and to be fed and feasted by them untill it was time to get back to the town for the reception and conversazione at night. The Cutlers'-hall has as fine a suite of rooms as any in the kingdom. They were all beautifully decorated, the flags of all the colonies being prominent, but the pride of place was given to an original verse evolved for the occasion by some Sheffield poet :— ' England and her colonies, For ever may they be, Tho distinct as the billow's One as the sea!' I think Jennings Carmichael Carmichael and Brunton Stephens would scarcely admit this to be poetry. But still, the intention was good, and as such we received it. There was an address of welcome, acknowledged by Sir Saul Samuel, the baud played sweet music, there was talkand flirtation, which resolved itself at last into dancing, greatly to the joy of our young Australians. Tbe masher of the party cast his upaB glances round, and withered up the hearts of the Yorkshire maidens. He is such a de stroying angel that we consider that the British Government will have to deport him back to the South Seas before ^ he depopulates the British Isles by breaking hearts. The dance went on to a late hour, for we were happy that we were not timed to depart until 1 o'clock next day. As a matter of fact, this visit to Sheffield was much too hurried. There was a great deal there which we missed, although some of us rose early next morn ing, and went to see the steel armour Slate and ordinance works of Messrs. ohn Brown and Co., which are just as good as any to be found in the world, and the managing director of which, Mr. Stephen Burridge, was my appointed frost Wealsowent to the work6ofMessrs. Thomas Firth and Sons and Vickarsand Soils. But the ladies did not turn out mui'.h before the departure from Sheffield to York, from thence along the north easter.'i route of Newcastle and Berwick to Edinburgh. Now, as we had been to Newcastle be fore, it seemed, in this respect, the ar rangements were badly organised. Sheffield should have been included in the circle of previous visits to Yorkshire, ?which would have prevented us going over the same ground twice. Lunch was served on the cars, and we arrived at Edinburgh at 7*30, being over half an hour late. Here, at the Waverley station, the Lord Provost and the corporation received us. When I say ' us' I mean Sir Saul Samuel and Sir George Bo wen, absentee Governor of Hong Kong, who iB honouring us with his presence, why and wherefore we know not ; and Australians, ?who have heard their ex-Governor speak so often,1 feel that they could exist with would- also' be perfectly happy if Mr. Henniker Heaton were not here. I should be perfectly happy if Africa were not so well represented. Squashee is here in force, male and female, after the manner of bis kind. At Edinburgh I, standing among the crowd, am amused to heara brawlassie say, ' Why, they're no black !' I disguise my individuality aSa uolonist and, passing as au ordinary traveller, ask an intelligent bystander Who all these people are. Says he, 'They're -a party of Canadians come to visit Edinburgh.' I find that in Soot land generally the knowledge of places beyond the Beas is very limited. After this encounter, the first man with whom I hold communion in Edinburgh is a beggar— a decent looking man, too— but he tells me a piteous tale of beiug hard up, and of a wife and family wanting bread. It may or may not be true, but you may be sure it touches my Australian heart. Up to the present time it has been one of my fondly-cherished delusions that the Scotch race was supreme in matters of organisation. That idea bas vanished for ever. In all our wanderings to and fro over Great Britain, in no place have the arrangements been so badly conceived and carried out as in Scotland. We are bidden to Edinburgh as the guests of the Lord Provost and Corpora tion, and are supposed to be allotted to various hotels. Now, there does uot seem to many of us any very great exercise of hospitality in the corporation voting a sum of money out of the rates aud taxes to entertain themselves aud their friends as well asa body ofcolouista. No private individual puts his hand in his pocket for one single sixpence to buy us adram. Iu this respect there is a great difference to our reception in Dublin. The Lord Mayor of Ireland's capital is a compara tively poor_ man, but he entertained us at a magnificent ball and banquet at the Mansion-house. Every member of the Dublin Town Council and Reception Committee vied with each other in look ing after our individual comfort. They might be Home Rulers, Nationalists — Fenians even it has beeu hihted — but on their own soil they sustained the character of hospitality and warmbeart eduess for which the Celtic race is re nowned. At Edinburgh we are billeted out at various hotels, are ordered about hither and thither like a party of wild Indians being takeu to Washington to see the sights. The bead- quarters of the reception committee is at the Waterloo Hotel, aud the insolence of the officials aud servants there is very annoying to some of our Australian ladies. I am lucky in that I am located at the Claren don, which is a small place, but high toned, where I am very civilly waited upon. This is where all the nob'esnc of Scotland hangout when they visit Auld Reekie, and I find the place full of lords and ladies and baronets, and other small fry of the aristocracy. There is no bed room for me. but I sleep at night iu a most gorgeous apartment, with tbe most maguificent surroundings, for they put up a bed for me in tbe centre of tbe large drawing-room. I like to see pictures and statutary, and arthirj -' deluxe ct dt vertu, all rouud me, and I feel something like a Rothschild or a Westminster, or a Mac kay. I do uot think any Australian mil lionaire ever evolved such a 'dormitory. I am lucky. B'lt it is really a disgrace to Scotch organisation that many of our party for instance, Mr. Daly, of Mel bourne, and his family— at midnight, had not got rooms, and did not know where tbey would rest. Ou our arrival we had a square meal iu the grand hall of the Waterloo Hotel, certainly one of the most beautifully decorated dining saloons in the world. I know of few places to beat it. But, for myself, I can 'do with less frescoes aud better attention when I am feediug. Then drags were in readiness to take us to the Exhibition, through which we were to be personally conducted by the committee. Half a dozen of us were run into a reception room, I having charge of a St. Kilda lady whom we all greatly admire and respect, and tbe chairman fixed us with his glittering eye, and received us to what the Scotch call the International Exhibition. Major Walker, of New South Wales, now had a chance of saying a few words, and availed him self of it. Then we were marched through long lines of spectators to view the Ex hibition. We had a right hearty recep tion — the buildings at every part were thronged, but the utmost order was kept, just space enough for couples to walk in. Cheer after cheer, and individual expres sions of welcome, 'God bless ye,' ' Will ye ua come back again,' 'Welcome to you,' and others quietly raising their hats as we pass. I never knew till now what a bore it must be to be a prince, aud have to respond to the salutations of the populace by continually taking off one's hat. J-rom what we see of the Edinburgh Exhibition, we are prepared to speak for its being oue of the very best iu the world. I am not sure that it is not more interesting thau tbat at South Kensi ngton. As regards the art galleries, tbe doors of which have been locked, aud in which we have space enough to view the surroundings, I am certain that the collection of pictures here is as good as any we are likely to see in the whole world ; and, financially, this undertak iug will be much more successful than that at South Kensington, which it has run closely in the number of visitors, and as it is worked by private committees, without such a number of paid officials as there is at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, the result, in the end, will be far more satisfactory. The portion of the Exhibition representing tbe streets of Old Edinburgh, with the old booths and sigus, and ' chapman-billies,' is in itself a show quite equal to anything in South Kensington. Up in the morning early, we are all bidden to breakfast togetberat the Water loo Hotel. I preferred to take mine quietly in tbe Clarendon, and to pay for it. Then we were drafted off in mobs to see the sights of the town. We had been joined by mauy of the colonists just come over from Ireland, the Sydney contin gent strongly represented. We are all pleased to see Mr. Bennett again amongst us. I am put into a drag with visitors from beyond the seas whom I know not of, and, escorted by Bailie Russell, we are taken to Holyrood and through the old town to the Castle There is no doubt that Edinburgh is, I will not say the most beautiful city of the world, but very ?near to it. Edinburgh and Oxford are the only places which I have revisited in which I have not been disap pointed. Prince's-street here is, I think, the grandest thoroughfare in the world. The magnificent buildings on one side, the gardens, and tbe castle crown ing the heights ofthe old town, with the Caltonhill in the distance, capped by Nelson's monument, form altogether a coup d'a:il the like of which one will not Bee elsewhere. Prince's-street possesses monuments which especially attract those who believe in paying respect to the great victors of peace. It is true that we have here an equestrian statue of the Duke of Wellington, which some Aus tralians admire until I tell them that it is as nought beside the great statue of George Washington in the Capitol | grounds at Richmond. But there are greater than the conqueror of Waterloo here. The Sir Walter Scott memorial is known all over the world, but beside the tribute to the Wizard of the North we have statues to Black, Wilson, Allan Ramsay, David Livingstone, and Sir James Simpson, the celebrated surgeon. In the latter one seesastrongresemblance to a gentleman still living, and who is noted in the medical profession. Intellect is honoured in another magnificent j thoroughfare, George-street, in a statue to | Dr. Chalmers. The Burns Monument j is on the Regent-road. The effigy of the I Ayrshire ploughman is seated under a cupola, a copy of Lysicratea' at Athens. As his mother said, her son asked for bread in his life, and in his death they gave him a stone. But that they honored Burns so much as they also honored the great ones of literature and science is counted unto the Scottish people for righteousness. No other nation in the world has done itself so much credit in this respect. I admire and love the Scot tish race on thiB account, if not ou others. Our guide, Bailie Russell, is a gentle man of an iconoclastic turn of mind. He is, however, one, above all, :who knows what not to show us. Holyrood is . re ported to be of great historical interest. There iB no doubt that it is so, but ju it self it is uot so picturesque aB Warwick Castle or Bel voir Castle, or many other mansions of England. There is a pic ture gallery which contains 100 yards of painting, portraits of the kings of Scot land, all of which, as Bailie Russell tells us, were done by one hand. Lord Darn ley's rooms and Queen Mary's apartments are very interesting from their associa tions. The supper room in which Itizzio was surprised with tbe Queen is, iu fact, only a small closet adjacent to the bed room. When one sees the locolc one be gins to realise tbat Darnley had grounds for his suspicion of his wife's fidelity, aud tbat Morton, Lindsay, and the Ruthvens only executed a sort of Jeddart justice. The dark stains pointed out on the stairs, which are said to be the blood of tbe Queen's favourite, do not arouse much emotion in our minds. Her Majesty Queen Victoria sometimes occupies apart meuts at Holyrood, but this is a new quarter of tbe palace, fitted with every modern convenience, aud to which ordi nary visitors are not admitted. We drive from the ancient palace up the Cauou gate, a thoroughfare as different from Prince's-street as it is possible to conceive. Tbe houses, many stories high, are like those which are seen in parts of Europe, but uot in England or lrelaud. The number of families living iu oue of these tenements is surprising. Evidences of the large population are to be seeu in the washing banging out to dry from every window, Soiled sarks fluttering iu the breeze are uot exactly picturesque, but the attempt at cleauliness is commend able. We visited tbe University, the Mu seum of Science and Ar^, the old Parlia ment house, aud St. Giles's Cathedral, viewing the spot where John ltuox preached aud Jennie Geddies threw the cutty stool at the preacher. Murray, Hamilton, and the great Marquis of Montrose were all buried iu St. Giles's. In St. Giles's, too, there is a beautiful stained glass wiudow, showiug John Knox preaching and the assassination of the Regent Murray. There are modern monuments, tablets iu bronze, to the memory of the Highlanders who fell in the Soudan. The dozen or so who were killed iu action or died of their wounds or fever, are all perpetuated — privates as well as officers. This shows the spirit of the time. ' All souls are now honoured' as well as ' all saiutsand martyrs.' The private soldier is not lumped together, as of old iu a Roman triumph, with ' the unknown dead.' From the Cathedral we go to the Castle through streets where the ghosts of his tory haunt us with the memories of Cavaliers and Covenanters, and bad kings and bold reformers. Edinburgh Castle was one of the strongest fortresses iu the world. From its battlements a view is obtained that is unsurpassed elsewhere in Great Britain. I must say that it is much more interesting than Holyrood. The chapel of Queen Margaret, tbe Saxon wife of Malcolm, who died 800 years ago ; Mons Meg, the oldest piece of artillery in the world ; the regalia room, where oue sees the crown of Robert Bruce and the Royal jewels which the peopleof Scotland, as our guide tells us, would uot allow to be taken out of the country wheu the Stuarts ascended the Euglish throne ; and Queen Mary's room, where James I., ofEnglaud was born, are all highly in teresting to the stranger. Our guide, a disabled soldier, who wears the Victoria Cross, furnishes us with a piece of in formation which is entirely uew to me, and has not yet fouud its place in history. But a very short time ago they were repairing the wall near Mary Stuart's room, and they came upon a small box used as a coffin, which con tained tbe bones of an infant wrapped iu a shroud, on which were the Royal arms and the letter 'J.' The general iu com mand ofthe Castle ordered that the body should be returned to its place aud bricked up. Au offence against the laws appears to have beeu thus committed, aud I imagine that the nearest coroner should have beeu advised, aud inquest held over the baby. Whose was it? How did it die? Why came it there? Oue of those mysteries which will never be solved till the grave gives up its dead ! There are more recent historical souvenirs in Edinburgh Catle, iu the dungeons in which numbers of French prisoners were confined during the great wars at the commencement of this century. French names are scratched on the stones, aud the place is shown were some under mined the foundations and descended the steep rocks in an attempt to escape. The spot is also shown where the other day a soldier of a Highland regiment, confined in the guard-room, managed to make his way down the wall and through a narrow embrasure on the rampart, dropping dowu tbe cliff, and so to the Grass Market. He got away to America, and wrote and gave his colonel particu lars as to how he escaped. When we look at this spot we recognise that under different conditions this man would have been the leader of a forlorn hope. Major ? , who accompanied us, regrets that such a fine fellow is lost to the Bervice. But Edinburgh Castle has yet mys teries to be solved. There are passages and cellars in it, bricked up and unused, iu which interesting discoveries might be made. At present the Seaforth High landers are in garrison here, and the officers in their parti-coloured trews have a rather comic-singer appearance, which detracts from their military bearing. A number of these soldiers are being drilled on the ramparts, and I notice that they are all very young, and that their physique generally is not what it was in olden days. Besides Mons Meg, the Castle is now defended by someeigliteen pounders. But they dare not fire oft a large charge of gunpowder, for fear the old place would tumble down. Before the dayB of gunpowder, this castle was impregnable. Now it is of no account except as a barracks. After lunch, the pilgrims are invited either to Ha wthornden or Rosslyn Castle, or to inspect the Forth-bridge works, or to pay a visit to the Earl and Countess of Roseberry, at Dalmeny-park, it having been announced that his Lordship and the Countess will be at home to us from 3 to 6. It is not by my own will that I go to Dalmeny, but I am not only bidden thither by a Queensland lady (and I can never resist Queenslanders), but by two American ladies connected by marriage with Victoria, whose behests I am bound to obey. We cross tbe Water of Leith, which revives memories of the other Dunedin In Maoriland, along to Cramond Brig— as beautiful a village as one will find in the world. A charming drive this, but. disfigured by one blot — the number of beggar children who run after our vehicle, with their incessant cry of ' Drap a penny ! drap a penny ! ' I de scribed Dublin as being, to a great extent, made up of beggary and bigotry. On my word, I am inclined to think that Edinburgh is as bad. If it has produced great men, if noble-minded citizens like George Heriot erected hospitals for the reception of the poor, if the present gene ral hospital is one of the triumphs of tbe liberality of the citizens, still, in tbe past, , in the monuments to ' the martyrs,' one ' sees the odium theologicum reigned here as bitterly au in auy part of the world. There arc vi Ii'flQes I lint it has not van ished, and fJiK l^refonted children in the streets, iu follpwifig .us along the road crying onl loi coppers. show the poverty of'llie people.' Whether the English and American tourist throw ing money about indiscriminately has caused the Scottish children, who should kuow better, to become mendicants, just in the same way as the ' have-a-dive' business has beeu started at Aden and Colombo, I do not kuow, but the roads are thronged with little beggars. Dalmeny-park is mag nificently wooded. The house itself is au old oue, with no particular claims to architectural beauty. 1 1 stands on a rise, overlooking the picturesque Firth of Forth. Close ou the shore there is a newer house, with a 'stone terrace aud balustrades in tho Italian style. I imagine that this is principally occupied, in this latter there is a good library, in which the present head of the Primroses cultivates bis mind with the contempla tion of a statue of Carlyle. The little Primroses greatly raise the admiration of the ladies of our party. Really, they are the prettiest children we have seen iu Great Britain. My Lord Rosebery, more than ever, iu his facial expression, re minds us of what George Coppiu was in his youth ; and I cannot help thinking that, like the late lessee of the Theatre Royal, he possesses many qua:ities which go to make a consummate actor. From the park we drove to South Queen's Ferry, passing tbe old village of Dalmeny, where there is a beautiful old Normau church more thau 700 years old. Here I liud associations of Melbourue, for in this parish of Dalmeny oue sees the gravestones of the aucestois for tuauy generations of Mr. W. H. Glen, of Col lins-street. Queen's Ferry was so called after Margaret, wife of Malcolm, who always crossed the Forth here ou her journeys from Dumfermline Tower to Edinburgh. Hut Queen's Ferry will be kuown in tbe present day as the site of the great Forth-bridge, oue of the most magnificent pieces of engineering iu tbe world, about oue and three- quarter miles long, extending iu two spaus from Fife shire to Midlothian, the central support being on the little islaud rock of Iuch- garvey. This will cost some millions before it is finished, and it affords em ployment to some thousands of work people. It will save mauy miles detour by Linlithgow and Falkirk in tbe journey to the North. All the railways, both Euglish and Scotch, which couuect together iu Edinburgh, have joined Iu paying tbe cost of this bridge. The visitor to Queen's Ferry should uot leave, if possible, without seeing Hopetouu house, the seat of the Earls of Hopetoun, oue of the grandest places iu the king dom. From its elevated grounds it over looks the Forth, and the whole stretch of country from Stirling with views of tlie Highlands, Ben Lomond, and Ben Ledi. Not far from here, also, is Dundas Castle aud Kirklistoue. But if I commence enumerating the places of historic i nterest or those with picturesque vautage grouuds on the Firth of Forth, I shall not have auy time to chrouicle tbe banquet tendered to us by the Lord Provost of Edinburgh iu the hall at the Waterloo Hotel at night. Weacknowledgefully thekiud greeting which is shown to us by every oue iu Ediuburgb. Here tbey ate accustomed to popular demonstrations. Her Majesty the Queen often visits Scotia's capital. Its inhabitants are brought up, as it were, to look upou visitors as shows. We are cheered heartily, aud I hope the inhabi tants derive some amusement from in specting us. It would be very ungracious, indeed, to cavil at auy of the acts of our entertainers. It would be very un gracious to, as it were, look a gift horse iu the mouth. But as I have pointed out before, the Lord Provost, one of Glad stone's uew baronets, and tbe Baillies, do not themselves spend one baubee iu our entertainment. Tbe everyday people iu the street, indirectly through the city rates, are our hosts as much as the Pro vost aud Corporation. 