THE ORIGIN OF THE VANDERBILT WEALTH. (VAKITT FAIB.) Among the many notices of the deceased jailway king, W. H. Vanderbilt, I have not seen any reference to the real origin of the family wealth. Mr. Vanderbilt's father was, as everybody knows, Cornelius, the so-called Commodore. Now, the commodore was the son of a hard-working man, who tan a small ferry boat across the Hudson river. When Cornelius's father died, the business was continued by the widow, who took on Cornelius as " deck hand" to work the boat and look after tbe dimes. But Cornelius was both saving and pushing; so that, having Boon accumulated enough to buy or hire a email boat of his own, he started an opposition ferry to his mother's. The old lady ooqght bim off, and then Cornelius took his boat and started in opposition on several other established feriy routes, being "bought off" by each in succession with inuch profit to himself. He continued this game until he had accumulated enough money to buy a big steamer, which he then started in opporition to a Boston company. Bought; off there he attacked another line, and so on until he had quite a fleet and a large balance. And then he sold out of steamers 2nd "went) for"railways. Itis withreferencetothis trait! in the commodores's character—his mania for opposition, and bis liking for being bought off—that the story is told of him and other two millionaires on the shady banks of Styx. As tor, A. T. Stewart, and the commodore all died within a few days of each other. Astor died first, and A. T. Stewart second. The ghost of the latter, trudging through the gloom to Styx, found some one sitting on the bank. As he got nearer. " Snakes," said he, " if that ain't Astor ! Why, Astor, what on airth are you sittin' there fori " Oh " replied Astor, •• that old cuss, Charon, there, he wants to charge me five dollars to put me across. I offered him three but he wonldt trade, and I'm darned if IT] him more ?" " Well," said Stewart, ' hail the old cuss and offer him five dollars for the two—joint venture." So they hailed Charon, who demanded five dollars a head This made Astor furious, and Stewart des pondent, until a happy thought struck the latter. "I have it," he cried; "when I left up there, old Vanderbilt was just nigh croa kin.' I tell you what we'll just wait till he comes along. He'll 6tart an opposition boat, and well get over for a dollar a head ?" (Left sitting.) ? 