Cricket* NORWOOD CRICKET CLUB.—The twentythird annual social in connection with the Norwood Cricket Club was held in the Norwood Town Hall on Tuesday evening in the presence of a large gathering of friends. The chair was occupied by Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., and tbe vice-chair by Mr. W. B. T, Andrews, J.P. Mr. S. D. Glyde, M.P., proposed the toast of "The Norwood Cricket Club and Old Norwood Boys." The Secretary, Mr. W. O, Whitridge, responded for the club and read the annual report. He congratulated the members upon their success during the past season. The first eleven had played 8 matches on the Adelaide Oval, winning 6, drawing 1, and losing the other. They made 1,738 runs for the loss of 60 wickets, being an average of 28*58 runs per wicket and 217*2 per innings. Theit opponents made 1,126 runs for the loss of 68 wickets, with an average of 16 38 rans per wicket and 160 6 per innings, They had won the Davis Challenge Cap, which had been competed for during the last three years. This was the fourth cup gained by the club. It had been suggested that tbe cups should be exhibited at the Jubilee Exhibition. Since 1875 the Norwoods had played 77 matches, winning G5 and losing 12. Daring the season 15 matches were played, ot which 9 were won, 2 lost, and 4 drawn. For senior matches only Mr. H. Blinman headed the batting averages with 55 runs per innings, Mr. G. Giffen was second with an average of 49*3, but he was the first in bowling, his 38 wickets having cost only 1215 runs each, " J. Quilty was second with 12 " * ~ J verage of 18*11 runs. The se< played 12 matches, winning 5, losing 1, and drawing 4. Mr. F. C. Fauchon headed the batting and bowling with averages of 31*1 and 7'7 respectively. Mr. R. M. Bertram was second in the batting with 26*3, and Mr. F. S. Bleechmore in bowling with 9 2. Prizes were then presented by the Chairman to Mr. Blinman for batting and to Mr. G. Giffen for bowling. Bats were presented to Mr. F. T. Harcus for consistent play, to Mr. G. Giffen for his score of 161 not out against Hindmarsh, and to Mr. Blinman for his 137 not out against South Adelaide. All the prizes were the gift of Mr. E. T. Smith. For having the best batting and bowling averages is the second eleven silver enp (given by Mr. J. R. Osborn and the club) was presented to Mr. F. C. Fauchon. The Vice-Chairman then gave " The Ladies," and Mr. R. M. Bertram acknowledged the sentiment. The Chairman responded to the toast of " The Patron, President, and Vice-Presidents," which was proposed by Mr. H. Blinman. Mr. J. Hall tendered " The S.A. Cricketing Association, Kindred Clubs, and the Australian Eleven," i to which Mr. J. E. Gooden replied. Songs by Messrs. G. Fisher and Blondel and a duet I by Masters L. and O. Gooden added to the enjoyment of the evening. LECTURE AT POET ADELAIDE.—Whenever Canon Green is announced to lecture at Port Adelaide a large attendance indicates his popularity there. This was the case on Tuesday evening, when the rev. gentleman gave in the Town Ball his entertaining lecture entitled " Haunted Houses." The belief in the supernatural during all ages and in all places was related to the audience in an instructive and at times amusing manner, and from a number of authors were quoted remarkable "ghost stories," visions, and presentiments, which from their apparent connection with contemporary facts could only be described as mysteries. At intervals during the lecture a choice programme of vocal and instrumental music was rendered by a party of ladies and gentlemen from Adelaide, who at the close were thanked for their services. THE FIBE ACTIONS.—Three cases arising out of the fire in the Woolshed Block have been set down for hearing in the Adelaide Local Court on Friday next, before His Honor Mr. Commissioner Stuart and Juries, The cases are Love, Biggs, and Fry respectively against Sabine. tST In spite of dull times I have largely increased my Manufacturing Plant and Workshops, which are now undoubtedly the most complete in the colony. Every description of Gold and Silver Smith's Work made to order at lowest prices. Designs furnished. A. L. Brunkhorat (late Sceiner's), 100, Bundle-street. 13-2wcv3 TAR « You DON'T KNOW THEIR VALUE."—" They cured sue of biliousness and kidney complaint, as recommended. I had a half-bottle left, which I used for my two little girls, who the doctora and neighbours said could not be cured. 1 am confident I should bave lost both of them one night if I had not had the American Co.'s Hop Bitters in my house to use. That is why I say you do not know half the value of American Hop Bitters, and do not recommend them highly enough." See. 193mwf201 An unsolicited testimonial states that 70 Warts bave been thoroughly removed from the hands of a Gentleman and his Son by " White's Certain Cure." Numbers have been cured, and many have obtained relief from this now celebrated remedy for Corns and Warts. Prepared only by J. White, Chemist, Kent Town. Price, Is. 3d., of Chemists and Storekeepers; per Post, Is. 4d. STmwfcvd tST Next to the Bain the greatest benefit to the Public of S.A. is Birks's) Sale, which is now in progress. See Advertisement , page 2. 191c 