c B ICI;ET if O T E S. | (By CoveeToiht's Ghosi ) I KADINA v. Y. P. TEACHERS' AsriOt LA uor JJTiena ^over.roiBt having »n uie reporting capacity "suffered a dissolu tion, his ghost Daturally^tepn m to fulfil tlie duties left unJonpjjy.jjiiim when in tlie flieeh, and in a few hneB.aftietnpte to <-onvey to cricketing readertan account. oflu?t Saturday's match at Kadina, when -a team representing the Yorke'e Peuinsula Teachers' Association met the Eadina Club. Play, was to have commenoed at 2 jo'clopk tbarp, but owing to the want of punctuality shown by several members of .the |Eadina:itBam—a fault by no means uncommon with them, unfortunately— it was nearly 3 o'clock Jbe&i; re, having won tbg toss, the Teachers were ubfo to bat. Ed ward e and Thiele were sent in fu$t to face Dodd^Mid Majne, to whom was entrusted the trundling for Kadina. Dodd "was' fortunate in clean bowling Edwards his first over, and zjECan-j filled the vacancy, but was run out ^without sooring. Ferguson then joined Thiele, ajpdr'a good stand waB made.Thiele began to t»ke liberties with Mayne," putting him rojind .to square le^ in the most persistent mannlr, Fer guson contenting himself with play ing- asteady, game. A change of bowling was triedj^Hor wood going on at the north end in piaee of Mayne, bat without much efieot. V Da vies then relieved Horwood aud in his first over bowled Thiele, who retired with 21 to his cred't, made in very .fair style. Opie now came in, but after making two, was thrown oat. and Hand joined Ferguson, who was still playing well,.though not scoring rapidly, Dodd and Danes being pretty well oil; the spot; he (Ferguson) was however shortly afterwards bowled by Dodd for a well earned 14 The remainder wf the team did .little to add -to th". «oor«, and the inuings dosed for 47 rnns. Veal and Mayne were the first to represent Kadina at the wickets, but,.neither made 8 very long stand, the former being bowled by Wiltshire when he had made 3, and Mayne lifting one from Ferguson rather softly to Nortbey at mid-on, who did -not decline the catch, nor did he express surprise at his good fortune. This was the commencement of what, to use a' fami liar quotation, ..might almost be called "phenomenal'* bowling on the part of TTWaiiflnn. - who liarintr thus r?icrj«or? Mayne with tbe first ball of his third over, clean bowled Mitchell and Horwood with the two following ones, while tbe nest comer was caught in the slips off ;tbe fourth. Four wickets in four successive balls should means supply of hats for the Kadina cricket club Secretary through the. winw months—We would recommend blacks Paris.' Five wickets for as many runs was a sorry look out for Kadina, and Davies came to etay tlite panic. Thompson, who .bad come In at the fall of the first wicket, was evidently, deter mined to play steadily and leave hie captain to do the scoring.. Davie?, as was needed, presently commenced to put on a few runs, though for a little -while neither batsmeu seemed quite at' home with the bowling. Thompson was playing rather pokily, but keeping both bowlers out of his wicket, until at last Ferguson is desperation requested to be taken off and Edwards went on his place. The change proved effectual, for Thompson was neatly caught by Harry off his fourth ball. Austin followed, but after playing an over, was cleaned bowled by Ed wards with a beauty. Dodd then came in, and with Davies, who by this time was slapping the bowling about more freely added a few runs to the score and gave time for the winning hit to be made. Davies was shortly afterwards bowled by Opie, who had gone on in place of Willehire, for 31. Some of his hits were very hard and clean, one in particular- which land id near the west boundary, being worthy of notice, and had it been run would have scored more than the 3 credited for it. We hare, however, seen the Kadina captain in better batting form than on Saturday, as he had a slice or two of luck, and some of his hits were hardly as well " placed" as "usual. He was without doubt however, rb he gener ally is, the great standby of his team. Henry' and Anthony, the last men, failed to score and Dodd remained not out with 3 to his credit. The innings totalled 51,. or only 4 runs in adyoOce of the teachers, who think they can turn the tables next time. We are informed that tbe Kadina men are equally confident however; so it must be left an open question. The full scorcs are given below. ' I Teachebs. Edwards b. Dodd . ... ... 1 Tliiele b. Davies ... ... 21 Harry run out ... ... 0 Ferguson A , b. Dodd ... 14 Opie run out... ... ... 2 Hand ran oat ... ... 2 Wiltshire c. DavieB b. Dodd 3 Hooper b.Dodd ... ... 0 Mortbey b, Dodd ... 1 March not out ... ... 1 Jeffrey c. and b. Da vies ... 0 Sundries ... ... ... 2 tTotal ... 47 Kadina, Veal J.3 b, Willshire ... 3 M«yne S. c North ey b. Fergeeon 2 Thompson c. Harry b. Edwai-ds V7 Mitchell F-b. Ferguson ... 0 Horwood P. b. Ferguson ... 0 Sub. b. Ferguson ... ... 0 Davies E. D. b. Opie ... 31 Austin b. Edwards ... ... 0 Dodd H. not out ... ... 3 Henry b. Opie ... ... 0 Anthony b. Opie 0 Sundries ... 5 Total ... 51 ; For Kadina, Dodd secured 5 wtts. for 19 rune, and Davies 2 for £. For the Teaohere, Ferguson obtained 4 for 16, Opie 3 for 4, »nd Edwards 2 for 7. 