"OBSERVER" AND THE WINDSOR HOSPITAL. WHILE our columns are always open to correspondents, for tho correction of any existing abuse, they are just as free of access to others to reply. " Observer," in his letter to us last week, by implication, made out that the management of the local hospital was open to severe condemnation ; and while we freely admit that a public institution and its management should be closely watched, in order that the public should be protected, we think it only fair to the other side to give a fair statement of facts -at any rate, as far as we can discover. Very well, then ; we have ascertained from the inmate himself the man with the fractured thigh-how his thigh was broken, hon- he was brought into the Windsor Hospital, and by whom. What treatment he rectived, and hus received since ; and generally all about him. Denr.is Wolffe is a farmer at Richmond Bottoms , 63 years of age, and has been 49 years in the district. He is a strong, hearty, old mau - hard as nails-just the sort of man to get over anything. Dennis was, on the 10th instant, tethering a horse, which broke away from ?tim, and in the scuffle Dennis had his left thigh fractured, as also, his left thumb. He was brought into Windsor by Mr. Powell, and taken to the hospita!. On the road to Windsor, wa m ny mention, they met a doctor, who asked the injured man what was the matter, and upon being told, asked whether 'twas bleeding, and upon receiving ?ia answer, said, " Get along to the hospital : they'll taken care of you there !" Dennis was taken to the hospital, and has, so far as we can learn from !iirn, been Well taken care of ever since. Dr- lit zier was certainly not in Windsor, but as the patient was not in a sinking state, but A strong hale old man, the Superintendent did, under the circumstances, what any surgeon would-he applied the necessary bandages and made no attempt whatever to reduce the fracture, as the limb was so much swollen. Wo life states that he was not in the hospital more than a quar- ter of an 'nour bvfore be WJS made comfort- able and pretty free from p.u'n. Dr. Hazier returned hy the 7 o'clock tr un, and went to the hospital before going home ; saw Wolfie, and approved of what Mr. H <w!ey ha t done-" You couldn't have done better," said the doctor. In the morning the sheiling had so far subsided that Dr. Hazier was able to set the bone in its proper place, and do a!! that was necessary. The old man is quite jolly, and when asked if he had any com- plaint to mike, said, " No ; he vas treated well, ar.d as far as he knew, everything was done that could be done." Now, we must not place too much reliance Upon what a patient may say under the circumstances-for it is not for hint to know whether his leg should come off or not-that is the doctor's business ; hut we are certainly of opinion that in this Case there was no neglect, and that the man Was attended to as well bj the Superintendent as he would have been by half-a-dozen doctors. As for sending for another medical man ; the Superintendent (who is a man of considerable skill, and has had years of experience, both in the army and navy, as well as civil hospitals), saw no necessity for it ; the doctor who met. Woiffe j n .h.. Î ad could not have had any suspicion Í tS.-u ue -. an -w-asin danger, or that he would ! be ir.properly treated at the hospital, or ¡ s J rely Ö would have called at that institu- tion on his return from Richmond, to see how the patient was getting on. Besides, it has happened that when outside doctors have been sent for, they hove not turned up until four hours afterwards-and surely, under such circumstances, aman so well qualified as Mr. Howley, would be guilty of a crime were he not to act on his own responsibility. We think so, at any rate. While on the m ater of sending for outside medical ¡issi>tance, we may, in the interests of humanity, truth, and fairness, relate how one dark, stormy, rainy night, a poor fellow who had been frightfully injured by an explosion of a blast, up Colo way, was brought into Richmond to a medical man. The poor fellow was in a sad plight ; both hands and arms injured and scorched, nearly blind, and severely injured in other portions of Iris bo Jv - wet to the skin, cold, and miserable. There was no relief ; no good Samaritan was at hand. Cart him away to Windsor ! and the advice was acted upon. Dr. Hozier was called up after mid- night to attend one of the most dismal and heart-rending objects man could look upon. Washed him, cleaned him, and annointed his wounds, and sent him to the hospital in Macquarie-street-where he now is under Mr. Howley's care. And as he lies on his bed, strapped and bandaged up, with his poor face blistered and teared, his eyes nearly closed, he looks more like a mummy than a man. John Houghley tells ua the tale we have just written-with this addi- tion, that kc had to pay £1 for his n.idnight rule in thc cart - in wei and culd-from Rich- mond io Windsor. And yet these are Christian times, when men tulk of " Chiistian Charity," Our correspondent, '. Observer" refers to a matter that occurred eighteen months ago. An 'dj woman was admitted into the hospital, discharged, and sent back to her home to die-and no reason assigned. Well, we have made enquiry - it will be seen that in this matter we are anxious to do what is right between the public anil the management of our local hospita' - and we have discovered the reason. Tiie old lady was a Mrs. Yates, who was brought to the huspital, very much against her wish, at the instance ot a well-to-do relative. She was not admitted, but was taken into the Superintendent's private Mom, and well cared for until the Committee had been advised of the matter. That body, knowing the circumstances ot the case, considered that the old lady was not a fit subject to be admitted ; inasmuch as it was against her wish ; and her friends were in a position to provide medical attendance and nursing outside. She was. there- Í {ore, sent home in the cab which brought her. Uuder these circumstances, we heartily agree with the action of the Com- mittee. People of means have no right to foist their sick or aged relations upon a charity for the miserable pittance of ten shillings a week. Th rJarc-, we think, our correspondent hjS made out a very bad case in this instance, because the cid lady we have mentioned had friends withiu a few hours distance. As to the general management of the hospital and asylum, we shall, at ail times, be only too ready to afford space to anybody to criticise lise committee or expose what is ~ ! wrong. Public tn.-t'tutions cannot be too closely watched, and the Press would he failing in its duty were it not to make public anything that bore even the ghost of sus- picion ; but at the snine time, it has a double duty to perform, aud should protect, where necessary, those who sre liable, at ¿di times, to be suspected. Wt have never shirked our duty ia any case which we thought needed the light of dav being thrown upon it ; and though we have made enemies thereby, we have had our reward, for we know our strictures have been j reductive of good-just as we believe " Observer's" letter has done good-to the Windsor hospital. 