THE SKETCHER The Gulf Country. BY J. R. C. AN active brown horse carrying a saddle, a pouch, a quart-pot, and a gumsucker. An old sociable bay horse carrying a saddle, quart-pot, a big swag, two pairs of hobbles buckled round his neck, and a wee mite of a blackboy. That's us, the former is the writer. If anyone thinks it a pity I didn't lot the blackboy write, if hell drop a line the nigger can write up the next trip we make. We left Normanton on the 22nd of February. A strong sun glares down on us as we make our way over the hard spinifex ridges outside the town. The heat is intense —almost beyond en durance —but we stay it out. A few miles puts us beyond the ridges, and we get on to open plains, well grassed. The country is low and swampy; we're following up the Norman River. A fringe of mangrove grows along the bank; now and then we go through a belt of stunted timber—poplar gum, blood woods, bastard stringy bark or messmate, and a tree entirely new to me, called " gutta percha" wood, in these parts. The appearance of the foliage of the gutta-percha is exactly like an English damson tree, but the trunk is coarser. The branches are tough, and bend freely without breaking. As you bend the boughs a white milky substance oozes from the pores of the bark and makes the wood sticky and unpleasant to handle. I am told the foliage is poison: some months past a drover lost several valuable rams by it. He camped and made a yard of the boughs ; the sheep ate the leaves and died. Drovers passing this way may make a note of this. Twelve miles up the Norman River there is a rocky crossing at a falL Alligators are said to be plentiful and dangerous in this locality, but they were pro bably away from home when we crossed. I am afraid we Southern people are " had " by these alligator yarns we hear. The fact is alligators are scarce and very timid; one might live on the Norman River a year and never see one. Gulf water is said to produce a remarkable aptitude for telling lies; as alli gators are almost unknown South, of course they afford a fair field to one who has drunk Guff water. From this out I intend to " pan out" all alligator stories I hear. After crossing the river wo travelled up through the bush. The country in Bandy, with numerous lagoons aud swampy creeks inter spersing it. Here and there we cross an iron stone ridge growing wattle scrub. On the sandy flats ti-tree is the only timber; and we slop along through wet ground sixteen or seventeen miles until we reach the river again, which now makes away eastward. The tide does not come up this far. The river is muddy with a slight fresh, and we have a difficulty crossing until at last we come to a place where a few ti-trees grow in the water. We flounder in among boulders and deep holes, and finally get over safely, but wet. It is great fun to my companion, who laughs im moderately and seems to have no fear or knowledge of danger. After crossing we travel on through thickly-grassed plains and forest country up Spear Creek, which bears about south-west. Coolabah i« the only timber now ;it grows all over the flats. This means flooded country, which doubtless will require consideration when the Oloncurry railway is making. A great quantity of rain has fallen on this country lately. The track is sloppy; every lagoon and hole is full. Bird* of all kinds abound in the forest; great flocks of black cockatoos precede us, cawing as they fly from tree to tree. I see little Mr. Wagtail here, or perhaps I should oall him the fan-tail fly-catcher; his habitat seems to be all over Australia; I know him well on the Murray. Little kingfishers flit about on the water's edge, and in evory lagoon there are black ducks. I see also flocks of ibis, spur-winged plover?, slate-back cranes, and the long wary spoon bill stalking cautiously along, with his neck stretched and his weather eye open. Clouds of whistling ducks are everywhere, and so very tame that my companion is afforded much amusement by throwing sticks at them and occasionally hitting one. In his way he—the boy I mean—is a character. He is a keen ob server ; no sign or secret of the forest escapes him—he is great at hunting tbe small fry rubbish of the bush. At our dinner camps he will turn out lizards and grubs from all sorts of unexpected places. He roasts them, and has great feeds. Sometimes, when he has a very tasty morsel—an iguana's tail or a fat grub—he fetches it to me, and says, " Zou ; you budgeree tuckout." But his opinion and mine on the subject of " budgeree tuckout" do not agree, so he generally has it all to himself. During the heat of noonday we camp under trees on the sandy bank of the creek. These great shade trees are called "pears." They are certainly no relation to the English pear. They have a very heavy foliage of broad leaves and a rough bark, and they grow to a height of 30ft. or 40ft. Their shade is very acceptable. I notice also other shade trees ; a poor variety of cedar, stunted and small, but evidently a cedar. Unlike the larger variety this grows in open places, sometimes away from other timber, but only along the creeks or on big lagoons. Pushing on again wo travel through scrubs of the gutta-percha tree, with belts of coolabab, and occasional plains, until dark, when wo camp near a big lagoon. After a banquet off a roasted whistler that we caught this afternoon each spreads his own bed—myself a waterproof coat and a small rug; the blackboy our two ■kldlecloths —and then on our saddle pillows we seek sweet balmy Bleep, but by-and-by an odd mo&quito; comes along and disturbs us slightly. Finally, however, I doze off until the wind ceases; then I awake with a peculiar sensation of prickly heat about the hands and face. What! Mosquitoes ? By the great Cißsar's ghost, I believe you. I spend the balance of the night cowering over a smoking fire I have made some yards away. At dawn lam after the horses. Returning to the camp I find Mr. Blackboy with his hare feet tied up in my blanket, his head in the bag that our flour had been in, his hands under his head asleep; clouds of mosquitoes around him. I rouse him up, and we get out of an uncomfortable camp as quickly as possible At this place there is a sand ridge that runs parallel with tho creek for a few miles, a little timber of the same varicticj as grow around Normanton, just a mile or two of spinitcx, rtnd we arc on to the Bwanipy plains and coo.'abal: lHts ; as before, Hooded ground every where. Think it over, you railway engineers. On the plains the Flinders and Mitchell grasses grow luxuriantly, and (in the swamp) sorghum grows to a height of 6ft. or Bft. Melon vines and creepers of all kinds are at their best. I notice also a vine very much resembling that of a sweet potato that the horses ate with a relish. All day we have been passing through cattle country ; occasionally we have seen small mobs standing in the waterholcs with just their heads cut; this is to get away from the flies. In every shallow hole the water is stirred up and muddy. If I could spare the time, the inconvenience of standing in the water would be as nought to the curse of the flies, and I would gladly adopt it. Thousands of flies buzz round your head from earliest dawn to dark; they ace inte every morsel of food you eat; you have to strain drowned flies through your teeth as you drink your tea. I feel that I cannot do justice to these flies here, so I pass. At sundown we reach Vena Park station, the property of A. S. Haydon. The country around is magnificent. The homo station is situated on the side of a great lagoon, half a mile long by a quarter of a mile wide, a splendid sheet of water, permanent, with gently sloping banks; a useful hole, to which cattle can descend at any place. I see the milking cows, mountains of beef, brought in thin even ing by the gins—maids of all work here, general servants, gardeners, &c.; To see a gin carrying water out of the lagoon to the vege table garden at day dawn is a novel sight— and more, they do it without being told. We spend the night here, with nearly as many mosquitoes as last night. The bullock is fat; the damper is not soddy. Leaving the station the country continues good, and in splendid condition. The creek gets smaller as we go up, and the country seems to rise a little. Though we go through miles of blue bush flats, yet everything seems to indicate dryer ground. There are flocks of galahs and topknot parrots ; plain turkeys, emus, and native companions stalk about unmolested on the plain. At dinner camp ray friend caught a little bush rat that is a stranger to me, a little gray fellow about the size of a house rate, with silky fur—a climber too, as he caught it in a tree spout. It was roasted, and went the same way as other small fry he catches, and no doubt was " budgeree tuckout." At 3or 4 o'clock we make the lower end of a very large waterhole, on the far bank of which stands IfHey station. This is the finest inland waterhole I have Been. A 8.-I. steamer could turn in it There are legends about alligators having been seen in this hole ; it is scarcely probable they are so far inland. Crocodiles, however, abound, and it fell to my lot to see one, a big ugly brute about 10ft. long, with great scales on him. He is said to be quite harmless ; he don't look so. Here it is evident we are done with the flooded ground ; the country has become downs all at once. Our camp is a comfortable one without mosquitoes. Next day at noon we left Spear Creek and crossed over the watershed dividing it from the Saxby River; there is no range. The Saxby is a big channel, now running almost a banker from recent rains near the head. The country about here is not well graased. Our camp eighteen miles up the Saxby was a bad one, and to make matters worse we met with a misfortune by my friend's horse falling into the river, rider and all, and so wetting everything wo possessed except our little stock of tea and sugar which I have carried in my pouch. We got out of our camp early and pushed forward over country fairly well grassed, with all lagoons full. Twenty miles on we saw Taldora station just a mile or two to the left. The country improves as we go on. It could not be in better condition— every billabong, every lagoon, is full, and the river itself running. At sundown we camp in among the billahiongs on splendid grass and water, though our own ration bag is short. The few crabs that we caught in a hole by our camp afford something to pick at until sleeping time. Another day over plains growing every con ceivable kind of grass and herbage, with great flocks of pigeons flying to and fro across the track, brings us to Millungera station, Mere dith, Menzies, and Co. owners, where the hospitable manager, Mr. Nutting, makes things lively for everyone until my horses are on grass, myself seated at a well-covered table, and my blackboy up to his eyes in beef and bread, in the camp; then, and only then, did this white man rest and inquire where I'd come from, and about the country, and so on. And when I had finished my dinner, and he said, " There's cigars in that box, whisky in that bottle, and books there," my soul went out to him in gratitude. Never in my life did I appreciate kindness and hospitality more, for I was tuckered out completely. Millungera is a big run, with about 25,000 head of cattle upon it. The home station house is a good one, built at great expense—a 12ft. veranda all round, a good kitchen, stores, and outbuildings, with a good permanent hole of water close by. Just a short distance away from the house is Meredith's grave. Poor Meredith ! The last time I saw him was at Emerald, when he started the first teams away to commence improving this country. He was a man of great energy and perseverance. " Work ; keep doing," was his motto. The two lines on his tombstone are well chosen- Whatever thy hand flndeth to do Do It with thy might. After leaving Millungera we followed up Zambora Creek for thirty miles over country almost destitute of grass and water, then crossed over to the Flinders, where there in abundant water but no grass. Another day of thirty miles brings us to the main Cloncurry road. As I am now into well-known country it will scarcely interest you to write more. 