floveUst ? -UT ASUNDER: OR LxV»lr CASTLEMAINE'S DIVOItOE.TI. By BERTHA M. CLAY, raOB of ' nis onk mistake,' ' tiwown on THE WORM),' ' A STRUCIOLII 1'OB A IlING,' 'A BITTER ATONEMENT, KM.' CHAPTER XVII. (Continued.) enounced Donbain House to bo the finest insion in London. It bad oertainly the gest conservatory and the most extensive omuls. The night of the fete tho May oon was-shiuinghrightly— bo brightly as to rm a beauty in itself no art could imitate ; g yellow lamps, half hidden in the trees ?though they were Hka golden state, had no Ich lifa'fft as the lady-moon— a orescent moon m\na in n blue nicbt-Bkv. lAh I what is it to bo wealthy ; to be able,to Irroiind one'a self with all that there is ol Be most beautiful, the most exquisite ; to be lie to mnko p. fairy-land even more lovely |sn that which tho fairies make for them. I t'^ia the power of carrying out every Bsuuui idea that comes to an artistic mind. Spy Denham was able to do tbin. ?Lady Deuham or her guests were able to »!k from tho great diawing-room, where the sngiuf.-i were of wbite-and-gold ; through ae smaller room, whore the hangings were § palest blue, and where two of Claude Lor ainc'a tineEt landscapes hung ; through a Bird room, where was every luxury that art ? money could procure ; through the magni Ksnt ball- room, with its painted ceiling, its jiieEtalues, and grand decorations ; through Be gictit domed conservatory, where flowers I the richest oolor gave forth the most fra Bsoi perfume ; through tho cool green fernory, Siere tho light was dim, and tho constant iund of water dripping from the rooks was Sard ; through to tho green lawn, where tall, Bible trpca lent their shade, and pretty fcun Bins threw their silvery spray high into the ir-a perfect fairy- laud. lit hail all the charm and beauty of a town llsidencc, combined with many of tho advan ces of the country. I JVii' phieo above all others for a masquerade. wz could imagine a golden-haired Undino fflicnp the rock-work, the cool ferns, and the Si; silvery fountains of tho fernery. One oould incy Juliet, Rosamond, and Viola in tho eon livatory, flitting dainlly among the bright BoEtpirs, just as one might fanoy royal Iw.-en sweeping through that suporb suite U rooms. iTho roll of carriages was like the distant ibration of thunder, on tho night of the fete. Hist crowds had assembled, hoping to catoh Sen one Rlirnnso of tho brilliant figures that fterged from them. The house was liko a Siailise of flowers and lights. The brilliant Horns were not crowded, but they were well iglft) with guests. Never was aoene more ?aatiful, more dazzling. fflMaty of Scotland, in hor eoif and veil, with Heilvery rosary shining in her blaok velvet Mm ; tho royal Elizabeth, in cloth of gold, SMa jewelled crown ; Katherine of Valois, wolfaco and stately of moin ; Katharine of ||caic!:;, magnificent and imperious ; Joan of Be, tall and fair ; Marguerite, with a wealth H golden hair ; Cleopatra, with the imperial Upa of an empress. On they awept, that ||perii\l procession of women. Every cpuch H liietory, overy figure moRt remarkable in li in fiction, in poetry, was there. Undine, If I*™.1: as though she had jUBt risen from tho wintain ; Beatrix Cenoi, Amy Robsart, Di Hinon— a brilliant, yet, in some respeots, a W'ky crowd. HltaliRn peasants, Italian brigands, Frenoh govalicra, Spanish gtandces, gipsies, Swiss ||)untaineera. Some of the gentlemen wore Wp richest and most picturesque of dresses. Bete was Riobard Cmur de Lion ; the Blaok giuoe ; at k-Rfit four Charles's. One of the Bfct striking figures in tho room waa that of ?luught Templar in tho picturesque attire ?his order. R.M1 wore masks, ana no mask waa to be re Hived until Bupper-time. Tho disguises ?to good and well sustained. Lady West Be, who represented a Wator-Lily, talked B twenty minutes with Oswald Clydo, the Bt, without reaognizing him, although he V dreused as a Troubadour, and she talked ?erward about the Troubadour Bhe had met H™ ball, and sho dcolared that tho ono Wg'UR of her lifo wob to meet him again. mfij Heathers went as Flora MacDonald H* waa one of tho moat animated figuros in 9| Eceno. Troubadours, fairies, gipsies, all jij»e mad whirl. »ne Knight Templar wan conspiououa Wing the men, and a masked figure called SW oaor^r Quoen was conspicuous among the Hffnen, tf.ll and dazzlingly white. A Blonder B-Ki whioh was the perfection of girlish OT«-ft perfect Snow Queon. Her dress was Wwite velvet. The Bnow waa represented HH'po unost and whitest of tho swan's down, ^BUoiulea bv diamonds: thn rnnniipcl whifn OT« bate to. tho Bhouldors, the graoeful neck jtiBft** ny a necklace of what looked liko gf«il diamonds— so white, co virginal, so WSji l'DKly beautiful, bo radiantly fair, that ^®«ow Qureu was pronounced on all sideB g&& BKdteit nuocoHS. ^l~!otll« very beautiful figure was called Sgl '. .lnia was also a tall, graceful figuro, *lMcQinpr,lo roso-oolorod tulle, in which »o 'nest lleolts of gold ; diamonds formed tS ,, .P'Miit a erown of stars graced a %!!! j i ' I'6'1^ he^- Dawn was ulopely ^fiieu, nnd wore her disguioo well. Tho ?H , le«een was Lady Oflatlemaine. -Dawn -«|s iHabel Hyde. Lord Oastlomaine wore ^piotureequo dresa of n Yonetian noble Till! uulj IM.ii.n WHO m-lslljtr.il in K-OOl'UiZU ljuoy CKfi'.lcamine w iu Lady Heather?. ' ' I should know you,' she whiepcred, ' wherci otheto would fail ; you are taller thau most of the ladies present, and I should know you anywhewhy tho curiingo of your lumd. I shall not betray you,' eho added, ' though I p.m going to tnko aavnntoRa of ,tho musks and upeak my mind to i-everal 'ueoplo to night.' 'That will not be an nnuaual luxury for you/' -was the laughiuR reply. 'It will bo in tho fashion. I shall do- it to night,', fho answered. ' I think tho ohiof beauty of a masijuerado w that for onco ono may sfiy-juBt whp.t ono lilies.' ? No ono seemed to recognize Lutly Oastle mftino. Ah the hours pnsaud tho scene grew more brilliant; tho lights seemed to grow brighter. The scenes wero liko fairy-land; on artist who oonld lmvo Bkctohed somo of thoao group', would have made his fortuuo by the beauty of his paintings. There was one group that drew innch at tention ; TJndinn in her whito dress and white water lilies contrastiug with Mary Stuart, in hor rich velvet dress ; the Venetian noble in hia superb oostumo of crimson volvot and point laee. Thoy wero only together for a few minutes, but no piolnro could have been more beautiful' ns tho-danoera danced together, as tho differ ent groups formed and reformed, it seemed (is'though all the different eoloru of the rain how met, and broke «p, and broke away into a thousand gleaming lights and shades ; where the radiant Snow Quarn etocd, or danced, or sat, she seemnil to make tho light brighter. Tho Knight Templar walked about restlessly ; he had not yet penetrated tho eeorets of the different disguises. Hio attention had beon drawn for bouio timo to tho Snow Qucon ; ho half-imagined that it ruuut bo Lady Oastlo inaine— she wss tall, ond hnd such a peculiarly proud carriage of her head. Ho smiled aa ho thought to himself that it was Iiardly wonderful that ha ahould not know her when her face w.is hidden, for all the time he had passed with her had been spout in wa tailing tho perfection of that face. If it were Lady Oastlemaine, he resolved upon beguiling her into a long conversation with him. Ho would persuade her to go into the conservatory, whero the ilowers br6othed Huoh rioh perfume, er into tho oool, green fernery, whore the moonlight waa brighter than the faint glow of tho lamps, and ha would see if the future held any hope for him. Ho seemed to havo come to hia senses with a sudden shook. It was ebaraotoristie of him that the first great, real love of his life should be for tho wrong xJcrson. He never thought of checking ov controlling his lovo bcaiuisa Lady Castlemaino was ruarried. Marriage, the sanctity of married life, the holiness, of the marriega tie hnd nover formed tho slightest barrier between him and his desire. He hardly gavn it a thought. It was tho fii&t; timo in hia lifo that lie had fallen deeply, passionately in love, ell his other pursuits had been fancies— tho foolish pursuit of pretty fades ; tbia waa a very different matter. The pride and the coldness of Lady Oastlematno only deepened his lovp. If ohe would have flirted with him, have onv oouraged him, have given, him smilo3 in re turn for hia profuse aomplimcuts, all would have been well, but sho was ' a goddess in the cloudH.' Sho liked talking to him, Bbo con sidered him n great hero, she enjoyed his otorieii and his anecdotes, sho thought him one of tho most distinguished of men, but; she never deigned even to listen to oomplimonts, impliedjluttery, or implied love-making, it waa that that made tho puisuit of her ull the 'moro piqaant to him. The ninn who had broken ao many hearts, who had ruinod so many homes, who had blighted so many lives, tho man who had for gotton that the true test of a soldier .^is not only hin bravory in the battle-field, but his raverenno for women — this man had fallen in lovo at last, and, as s, matter of course with a man like himself, had fallen in love with ono whom he could never marry. CHAPTETt XXVIII. 'picrnncs rnosi tub MASQUMUDrc.' Picture the first, in a group of tall, slender palmB in the' background, nestling nt their feet a group of rioh Indian? blossoms, scarlet in colour, shaped like n, boll, fragrant with rioh odours, . that belong to flowers of the East. A group of tall white orchids on ono side, a magnificent mass of stephanotison tho other, ? between a prettily covered iron seat. On it sit the beautiful figure already known through the room as Dawn, in the charm ins blush of pale rose and gold, and a tall, atiatocratio figure in the dress of a Venetian rmhlpmiiri. Lord Castlemaine not only had no taste for flirtation, but he despised it j ho considered it, and had tho frankness to say bo, always the refuge of a weak mind. 'When a woman has few charms of mind,' Lord Castlemaine was aooustompd to observe — ' when she lacks intelligence, wit, and poetry, she takes to flirtation, because she oan do no better. When a man looks brightness and intel lect, he does the same.' . flirtation was s, fault of whioh ha had never been guilty, and for whioh ho had little toler ation. . '? . There was no traoe of it in his manner now, ns hn leaned over the Beat, talking earnestly to Dawn. A faint light' reached them, and it came filtered through the white ordhidfl ; sweet coundsreaohed them, the' Swoetheart Waltz' was being played in the ball-room, and from the fernery oame the sound of tho rippling water as it fell from the rooky stones to the mosa-gioen below. . ' I onnnot imagine who you are,' he said, ' that you oan say uubta a thing to me, above all other men,' ? 'Have you no idea who I.om?' aakeda low voioo, the Bwcotness of whioh. was dis guised by a faint whispor. „ 'Not the least, but I should aay from your observation to me that you oannot know much, of mo, and that you know'Btill less about my nffairB.' 'So you imagine,' said beautiful Dawn. ' la there nothing familiar either in my face or figure ?'- He looked at hor' ouriously. ' The light ia ao faint,' ho said, 'and you speak in a whisper. No, I have not the least idea who you are.' ? ? ' I am surprised,' she said ; ' yet I have lived in the world long enough not 'to be surprised at anything. Do you think any dia guise would prevent you from knowing your own wne t 'No, none,' ho replied. But thon, you aeo, ohe is my wi.fo. That just makea the differ enoe.' ' , „ 'And I ought to havo beon,' thought beautiful Dawn to herself, ' I, and no othor.' ' If you do not know mo,' he said, ' it was a startling rumnrli to raako j ' if you do' not know me, tho remark iB even more strange ' I am not quito Hure,' Bho said, 'if I re member what my romaric was. ' So muoh tho bottor,' ho answered. 'It shows, at least, the.ro waa no meaning in it. ' Will you mind telling mo what ifr was ? ' she asked, slowly. ' You aaid that I wan happily married— yet I had not married the ono woman in the world who loved mo best.' Sho drew a boautiful bough ol tho white orchids to herself and bent her faoa over t110'1- ...'.. ' How awoct they are I' she said. ' I am aura that orchids must havo grown in the gar den of Eden.' ' Never mind tho orohida,' he said, draw ing the whitoblooui from her. What did you mean ?' ' - , . ' Oivo me' your hand,' uha said. 'Nay, draw oil your goldon broidercd glove*, or it will bo of little ueo to me.' Ho did bo, r.nd placed before her a strong, unpplo white hand— tho oluan, honest hand ot an upright rnan._ She touohed it with horn. ' Lot ma seo it moro plainly,' Bho said, parting with the other hand the bianohea of tho orchids. She looked at it long and ntcndily. Tha eweet, sad ruunio of the 'Sweetheart Waltz' namo from tbo ballrooisi, and tho ripple- of water from tho fernery ; thorn woro no other aouudn. It scorned to her that ho must hear tho quick bentiug of hci heart. Sho had nover hold hut hand in hor own ho long before. Whilo Fho held it, sho repoated tho vow that oho hod whispered to tho whita Iilac3. Then suddenly sho let it fall. J1 1 am a fortuneteller, titter a fashion,' sho said, ' a fashion that holds good in tho Moorish camp, and among the gipsioa of Spain.' ' Sho cannot possibly bo a Spaniard— she speaks English too well'1 ho thought. ' And what has that to do with my for tuno ?' ha ashed. Sho looked nt him thoughtfully. ' Your fortune) has interested mo. I know you, although yon do not reoognizo me, and what I rend in your faoo I havo read now in youv hand. My idei-B aro oonfirmed.' From tho whito orchid and the stephanotia camo a great gnu! of perfumo ; tho ripplo ? of tlio water was sweeter nnd stronger-' ' And your idoaa arc ? ' ' Just what I Eaid,' Ehc interrupted. ' First that you did not murry tho ono woman in tho world who loved you best ; and now in your hand I read all. It is better not to apeak about it.' ? ' I should liks to know,' ho porcistod. ' Well if tho old Moorish teaching bo right, it is not Rood fortune that lias in that strong white hand of yours.' Hfi smiled. ' What fortune does lie there ?' ho asked. 'Tell me.' ' A aad one,' Bbe replied ; ' There is a sudden and violent termination to tho line of love, and thero are some terrible lines ot pain.' 'What do jou deduce from that?' ho asked. ' Nothing,' she replied ; it ia for you to draw what deductions you will.' -.???( ' I draw none,' he roplied ; ? ' I have firm faith.' Hia heart beat and his face flushed aa it al ways did when he thought of his beautiful Gertrude, whom ho should lovo unto death. ' You will remember my words some day,' slin onirl ' I hope it will be only to laugh at them,' he roplied. Just thon the music oeaaed, and soveral people came into tho conservatory. Dawn suddenly rose and shook her long skirts oj pale pink and flocks of gold, and before he oould aay more, ahe had vanished from among the slender green palms and left him there. Picture the second, — The palo oresaent moon ib rising in dark sky, and its light penetrates into the eool green fernery, where the lamps, liko pale golden stars, are half hidden by tho green leaves, whero the ferns grow strong and moist, and tho rippling wator falls from the Etonea to the soft springing moss. A sub dued light, as of pale gold, lingers thero. In tho midst of the rook-work there stands a tall fountain, the spray of whioh rises high in tho air, tho musio of whioh, as the npray falls into the marble basin, is soft and sweet to tho car. By tho fountain stand some ologant bninboo ohairs, eany nnd luxurious aa chairs can be. In one of them site tho whito ond radiant Snow Quean. She looked bright and attrao tiva enouRh in the ball-room ; but hero, in the soft liftht, among tho tall feathery forna and the ripple of ruuning water, Bho looks dazzling, the ono centre of whito and light in that ocean of green. She lies book thoughtfully in her chair ; the snowv robes form antoeful billowa around her and Bweep the ground ;ttho light falls pn the diamond 'stars, and trembles in the dia mond icioleB ; her lovely faco ia pale ; Bho has removed her glove, and laid her hand in tho dimpling, restless water of tho fountain. A shadow falls over the green ferns and the water, and tho tall figure of the Knight Templar draws near. Ho atanda for a fow minutea in silent contemplation of what sooma to him tho most charming picturo heha3 over beheld. ' Eve in the Garden of Eden waa never one half so fair,' ho said to himself . Then ho went up to tho bright white figure. ' The Queen of Snow,' ho said, with a pro found bow. ' Would that I wero a Knight ,of tho Frost and the loo.' ' Yon look much better as you are,' replied a laughing voice. ' Supposing,' ho said, ' that you hadsonie very fragrant rosea, and you tried to bide them between green leaves, bo that no one aonld discover them, the perfume would be sure to steal through tho leaves and betray the roses.' ' Qnite sure ? ' was tho laughing reply. 11 If a brmht. coldon star was shining, you could not, unless you oloaod your eyes, help seeing it ? ' ' Oortainly not,' waa the answer. ' If the eweeteat musio was stealing softly ^round, you could not help hearing while your eara wero open and your senses alive. So, so,' he oont.inued, passionately, ' you may hide tbo fair loveliness of your face, you may dipguise the tone of your voioo, but I should know you among ten thousand, You are Lady Castlemaine, and you havo rightly oalled your self the Snow Queen.' ' Just as you have oallod yourself a Knight Templar ; you are Colonel Lsnnox.' ' You make me the proudest man in the world,' ho said. ' I havo not given you muoh reason for sud denly ocoupying such a very exalted position,' she said. ' You are always satirical to me,' he said. ' And you will persist in being sontimontal with mo,' she replied. ' ' You aro cruel to me,' ho said. ' The flowers that lie on your heart aro happy be cause you breathe on them ; they love the fresh, Bweet water dimpling round your fin gers ; they must bo happy because you oareas them, whilo I, who would give my life for a amile, or a kind word, can never win either.' She roao from her Beat, a dazzling whito figure, tall, haughty, and ereot. ' I am Lady CftBtlomaino,' sho said, ' and you are Colonel Lennox, but I am halfin olinod to forbid you ever to enter my presence again.' . . 'Why?' he cried, despairingly. ii T*.)-innon T tin nn nnk like f.hnfln labored oomplimenta of youra. I deoline to bo ooin pared to roses, or musio, or Btars.' ' I will never do it again,' ho said : ' never.' 'You promise me most faithfully?' Bhe asked. ' I promiso, on my word,' ho replied; ' Then you can sit down hero, and wo will go on talking.' And with a oarelei-s grace she resumed her Beat. Picture t7i-: Third.— In the great drawing room of white and gold Lady Heathers, as Flora MaoDonald, aita loaning languidly on a dark velvet chair. She was talking moat con fidentially to a handsome man who wore tho dress of Sir Walter Raleigh. 'Yea,' Bho waa Baying, 'I have enjoyed tho first part of tho oveuing hotter than I shall the seoond. Wo are to unmask at supper, then, bo far as I am concerned all the pleasure of tho night is over, t havo enjoyed, some things exceedingly-' ' You always extract plenty of amusr-mont from ovoryboily,' aaid her companion. ' That is ono happy faculty I envy you. ' I have beentalking to the poet, and he did notknow mo. I had tho pleasure ol nbuBing bia pooma, his thomeo, and his ideas to his face, whioh, you will admit was a treat to me.' ' I oan well imagina that it waa ho,' ho an Bworod, slowly, ' Ho will never anapeot. Poor Oswald 1 We are very good friends to all outward ap psar&noes; ; but I have often longed to givo him a bit of my mind, nnd now ho has had it.' And Lidy Heathera began to disonrja tho oharaotora of tho evening. 'I have found out trie Knight Templar,' aho said. ' That haiuHsowe, hvuve, gracolena Colonel Lonnox. How ilio pool hates him 1' ' Ho is Bura to do bo. Tho man who wrete 'ThoLovos of thoLiliot' would novor toler ate a msn of tha Oolomjl's titarap.' Then Sir Walter Itjlenjh-bant hia hoad, nnd whispered to her. Lady Heathers listened with a Borrowful ex pression of face. ' No,' aho replied, ' I had not hoard.' 'Not a whispsr?' a»ked hor companion.. ' No not even a whisper,' stud Lady Heathers, ' and I am with her every day.' ' Havo you seen him with her?' ho aaked. ' Yes, oontinuiilly. I havo been at Neath House onoo with him.' ' And you eaw nothing ?' , ' Loas than nothing. Lady CaaUomaino ia too proud and too cold. She will, nover bo talked about.' ' But she is talkod about. Lord Merton told mo.' ' I do not buliovo a word-about it.: Ramem bor,' Bho addod, rniaiug one white finger warningly to him, ' no toamlal: about Queen Elizabeth.' '??'.' ?.?, : ?? '. ? * Ho laughed, and moved away. Picture the fourth; and the last.— -Beautiful Dawn, etondicg in her room alone, still fiuBhed with triumph. 'Ha did not know mo,' she was saying to herself. I oamo from under tho came xoef. True I did not go there in the same carriage. I have pierced hia heart, and ho will never suapeot me. I am nearer— to the end.' CHAPTEK XXVLi - ? THE WIPE'S TIIUB QDMIDIAN. Lord Caatlemaino wtrj just » little puzzled; not BUBpioious, but puzzled. Ha had nothing to be auspioioua over. Hi was in the reading room of his olub, his face and head hidden by a copy of tha Times, on whioh ho was intent. Two members of tho club, hbfch well known to him, cumo in and eat down oloso to him, without perceiving him. They had evidently been deeply engrossed in conversation, and thnv oontinusd it now. ' There io nothing in it,' aaid ono to the other. 'I know her well. I era sure there thero is nothing in it.' ....'. ' It is seldom you find smoke without fire,' Baid the other. ' ' 'I do not know. I feel eure this ig all smoko. How many euofi rumors are born and die in a day.' ' ? -S. This waa spokon by Sir Harvey Hope, who always took a bright and hopofnl view of things. ^Colonel Charters, who ? answered him, waj a man who took a dark view of -everything, . ? ; : , 'True,' ho replied, ' but I think there is generally somo oauoe for thom. I am sorry in tln3 oase, for I havo a sinooro liking for tho. lady, and tho husband too.' ;, 'I do not believe it,'.. said Sir Harvey Hopo. ' I know thom : both, husband and' wife, and I do not think there ia e, happier pair in London.' , -;.'%;. 'I must admit the fame thing,' saidv the dark-minded colonel; 'whenever I have seen them together they have seemed moat united, most devoted to each othor, I was utterly astonished.' ' But what did you hear,' asked Sir Harvoy, ' only foolish rumours?' ' I heard the samo old Btory — that he had, gone mad over her.' : ' That ia not her fault,' interposed Sir Harvey. ' She oannot bo blamed for that.' ' Certainly not ; but knowing the character of the man, sho should not give him the ..lightest enoouragement. When he waa in England bofore, there was always some scandal or othor about him.' ' That ia not her fault either,' interrupted Sir Harvey. ' : 'True; but it ahoulil mnko her oardfnl,' said tho colonel. . ? ' Probably, being young end unaocaatomed to tho world, sho knows nothing whatever of tho evil aido of his reputation , ntid only knows him aa ono of tho bravest officers in Eng land.' ' Thon her husband should look after her,' grumbled tho colonel. 'I have no patienoe with the mon of to-day ; they pit by, in ailent inactivity, while their wives go straight to cuin. I cannot tell what they aro made of.' ' Thia ia rather a ewoeping assertion,' said Lord Castlemaino, laying down his paper, and looking both genllemep in tho face. They could not havo beon more horrified if they had suddenly aeon a ghost. Sir Harvey's ruddy face suddenly turned pale, and Colonel Charters, in his agitation, almost dropped unconscious ; ho had not tho most romota idea tho conversation had been about him; ho would not havo believed it it either ol them had aworn it. 'That ia a sweeping assertion, Charter*,' ho said again ; ' and, do you think, quite de served ?' ' I am sorry to say I believe it to be per fectly truo. I am amazed at the indifferent, oalloua fashion in whioh husbands Bee young and beautiful wives launohed on the very sea of faahion, dissipation, and exoitement, and make no effort whatever to help keep them safe. I sny that it amazea me. A husband should ha tho guardian of his wife.' Sir Ilnrvey Hope laughed; but hia life -was not u bright one. ' I do not think many wives would like that notion,' he said. Lord Caatlemaino remarked : ' I am proud of tho reputation the Oastle ?nminng have alwava enioved. of boinc oood husbands.' The two gentlemen looked at caoh other. Their eyoa mst, but thoy spoko no word. ' It would bo indiscreet,' ho oontinued, ' to ask of whom you were speaking?' Sir Harvey admittod that it would. The Colonel was silent. ' I oould not help ovorhetwingithe oonveraa tion,' ho said, ' nnd ifc is no matter of mine —no buainoaa whatever of mine; but if I underatand you rightly, rumour is busy with tho name of aoino young and beautiful young lady.' Tho two friends looked at each other Btrangtly. ' That is it,' replied Sir Harvey. _ ' That bido man doscribes himaelt as going mad about her, whilo bhe ia a married woman ? ' ' Truo,' nodded tho oolonel. He wished himself far away, and evidently thought the less said tho better. ' If aho ia married, aho haa ft husband to to takn oaro of hor, I suppose, ond to keep all such mon at a diatanoe,' said Lord Castle raaiue. Bothgontlemon nodded, but did not answer. The situation, to say tho leaBfc ot it, was piquant and peouliar. ' I should very quiokly deoido what to do in his aasa, bo he whom ho may,' oontinued Lord OaBtlomnino. ' If ho has dared to apeak in that way of any married lady, let hor hus band take up hor defence. There is no need to whispor it in oornors. Let hor husband llud a whip with a strong laah ; thon let him aeek out tho coward who has bo spoken of his wifo and lftsli him in publio. One or' two auch examples would oura suoh boouu drela of trying to make love to other raan'd wivos.' Again tho two gentlemen lookod helplessly ono at the other. 'That ia tho right thing to do,' added Lord Oaatlomaine. ' To quarrol with euoh a man ia to onoourago him ; to fight with him would bo to dignify him. Tho right thing ia to horaawhip him.' ' How oan you' horaowhip a gontloman?' asked tho oolonel, helplessly. ' A gentleman I ' repeated Lord Castlo maino, with infinite Hcorn. ' Wo ere not speaking of Rontlemon; we are spoaking of oowarda and troitora, who have no respeotfoi; women, and no roepeot for tho honour of their follow- mon. We do not oall suoh persons ' gentlemen.' I would brand aueh men, I bo liovo ;' and Lord Oaatlomaine'a faoo shono with a noble light aa lie spoke. ' I believe iu the sanctity of marriage and in the honour of women,' / 11 A noble fellow,' thought tbo colonol ; 'bnt what a situation'!' ' Carioua things will happen,' h& said, aloud. ' The worid is pretty muoh what it haa always been. The sins of Adam and Eve, of Cain and Abel, of David and Solomon, are our flinB.' ? . ' Wo may all bs sinnora,' said Lord Gaatle luaine, ' that liea between ua and our God ; we may all be at the aamo time loyal and honeat men, that lies between ua and our fel low oroaturea.' Colonel Charters roae from hia aeat and yawned aa politely as posaiblo. Sir Harvey imitated him aa quiokly. Lord CasHemaine wondered why thoir intereat in tho subjoot died bo soon, and why thoy Boomed in suoh a hurry to leavo. . . ' I am going your way,' aaid Sir Harvey to the oolonel ; ' shall we go together 1' The two gentlemen left the olub together, arm in arm. ' Of all tbo strange things,' said Sir Harvey, solemnly, ' That ia the strangest. ' To think that wo should have gone into tho very room where ho waa, have taken seats near him, yet not havo notioed it waa he.' ? ' And to think that within sound of his own ears we should have disoussed his wife and Oolonel Lennox.' ' Ho has not the faintest idea of whom wo wero spoaking,V said Sir Harvey. ,,' Not in the least,' roplied tho oolonel. ' It: would not have been a pleasant hour for us if he had done bo, and it would have been harder still for Lennox.' ' Yes,' said Sir Harvey, with a grim smile ; ' oven his victories in Zululand, tha Vic toria oroBB, and all the honours he has re ceived would not have saved him from that terrible whip.'1 ? 'flic Staff's ~€hcss-SBoar-1. When my huBband oame back from that interview ho seemed greatly diapirited. To all my queationa ho replied briefly that the Sirdar had received him with Great friend linoaa, and had beon much pleased with a present of handsome fire-arms Bent to him from lha Home Office in England; that ho was to Kpond that evening in tiis company at his tumble down serai in the citadel, and that I waa invited to accompany him. Theto waa nothing alarming in all thia. I questioned him further, nnd utter a while I learned that tho Sirdar had Riven him un pleasant news from India ; that ho felt it his duty to hasten forward and rejoin hia rogi rnont, and that thn Roonor ho oould (;et his visit paid to tho Afybon princo then living tinder the promotion of a tribe of freebooters in tho mountains, tho sooner wo oould bo en route, for tho remainder of our journey. ' Shall wu start for tho hills to-morrow, then ?' I asked, a little dolefully. I had looked forward to a comfortable rest at Herat, and was, indeed, worn out'by constant riding. : ????' There's the rub,' taid my husband. ' The Sirdar haa not yet been able to establish hia authority in tho hills. Ho will Bend a strong eEoort with me, but it will not be under my comm&nd.; I might go and return within a week if I took no luggage, and only Bruce with mo.' 'Not ma, Charles?' ' Dear wife,' ho said, ' I am miserable at the thought of leaving you behind me. But you are a jsoldier'a wife, you know. You have kept your promise faithfully, tb.ua far, that you would never bo a drag upoivyour hupband. .'Groisftet will stay, and Porson, and the Sirdar invitcn you to bo tho guest of hia head wife, a Turcoman lady, and to pasa your timo among hi3: women.' My heart Bank within mo. A week in a harem, with its cmiiij, its familiarity, it« niiisa, \- itii dirt, ita wont of privacy and delicacy I Then, too, for a whole week I ahould be dumb no better than an idiot or an animal. It was not probabld that any oue in this inland place could speak any of my languages. ' Oh Charley 1' ; ' But thoas wordB, ' You havo never been a drag upon vnoyet,' determined mo. I ncBtled closer to my husband, who was sitting on the divan with hia arm around my waist, and said, na firmly an I oould, ' I accept tho Sirdar's invitation.' That evening, after the muezzin's summons of the faithful to their prayers, wo went to tho serai. The Sjrdnr received us in a room whioh bad little furnituro. Somo divans round the walla, aomo tables covored with thiok carpets, some other carppta like them under foot, were ' all that it contained. Ahmed Khan waa a good-looking dark man about forty-five, with pleasant manners tend ing to joviality. To my surprise ami great delight, I found he could speak a little Levan tine Italian, familiar enough to me, as my father's regiment uad onoo been in garrison at Malta. We wero received, of, course, with pipea, coffee, and aweetmeats, the former being offered us straight from the attendants' mouths. Brueo and Oroiaaet were there beaidea our selves. They got on oomfortably, aa they both apoke Peraian. Tho Sirdar waB full of talk, not alluding, of oourao, to that part of hia history whioh oonnectod him with tho mas aaoro of our pooplo at Oabool in 1841, nor to his riding at tho head of somo hundreds of Afghan horaemon againat ua in the Sikh war. He talked about the late aoigo of Horat by the Persian foroea, about tho future policy of hia principality, about Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor's mission in his oapital, iind finally ho related how he had been imprisoned by the aavago Vizier of Bokhara twonty-Boven years previously in the same prison aa poor Captain Stoddarfc. Tho Sirdar had got away disguised as a melon seller, and Stoddart'a gallant bear ing in misfortune impressed him that he had offerod to aharo with him hia ohanona of eaoapo and had procured a dinguiso for him. But Stoddart would not leavo his dungeon Beoretly Every day ho expeoted deliverance^ at tho hands of hia government. That deliverance nover reached him. Tho bravo and -trustful Englishman paid with his lifo for hia oon fidenco in tho power of tho English namo. All this waa interpreted to mo by Croisaot. After a whilo tho Sirdar and my husband bo gan to play obess, and a beautifully inlaid board waa brought forward, together with the most elaborately oarved ohesa-men I had ever seen. I sat looking at tho gamo, and as nobody spoko to mo, indulged my own though td dur ing ItH progreflfl. Croiraet and Bruoo smoked and probably conjugated tho verb e'ennuyer. My husband beat tho first two garueo, and then allowed tho Sirdar to beat him. Ho was a good player but not equal to my husband. At ton o'clook my husband rose. It had been nettled -I ebould roninin nfter bo left, ob ho would atiirt heforo daybreak in tho morn ing. He led me into a reocRa opart. I huug upon his neck with frantic kissop. ' You won't mind it no much, dear Sophia,' hn eaid, 'now that you havo seen tho Sirdar. You are to have a chamber to youMelf I ven tured to tell him that that was nlwayfl the custom with us, ao MiirHbIi ladiea needed orivaoy. 'ltomomber, dear, do nothing that will shook their prejudices. Efface youreolf for those lew days ns muoU aa possible.' I thouRht you a little haBty under tho roof of Abdul Itesohid. Oh, by-tho-v/ay, Sophia, don't mention Iub name to tho Sirdar. Ho ban never made hia Rubmisnion. I havo or.utionod Croisact not to say wo viaitnd hia atronghold on our journoy. Don't ba nfraid, my lovo. Nobody here will harm you. Ahmed Binoorely seeks the friendship of our govern ment. Crois/jefi is to stay at the Mission houac, and Poroon with himi If you need either, the Sirdar will Bond for them. Good by, ray darling wife. Got into no scrapea. Don't lot vain fanoiea run away with you. Don't alludo to politioa. Don't shock their prejudices. Don't mention Abdul Keaohid. My dear— dear— precious wifa 1' And he kiflced mo with tho fervor that a woman lovea bo rfcnrly from her huaband. Returning to tho Sirdar, ho took conneouo leave of him, and preaacd my handa again aa ho went out of tho room. Croissofi at parting whispered, 'I hold myaolf at your ordera, madamo, night and day. I have diooovered the apartmcntB of the andero/ln aro in tho eastern tower of the citadel, looking toward the MisBion-houso. If at any timo you need me, hang your rod ooarf from tbo parapet, and I will find Home way of procuring an interviow.' ' If I need you, I will send a message to you through tho Sirdar,' I replied, stiffly. Croisset looked orest-fallon, and without re plying left tho room. When they wore gone, the Sirdar court eously turned towards me, and taking mo by tho hand, led mo across the audience chamber to a low doorway. 'I greatly fear,' ho said, .'you may not liko the bustle, noise, and other disagreeables of tho harem, I do not toyGolf. I have there fore oaueed to bo prepared for you an apart ment separate from thoso of my women. I hope you will often give mo tho pleasure of conversing with you. Thoy can not converse. They are stupid. You will find them dull, aa I do,' be added, aa we found ourselvea before a leathern ourtain, litfing whioh wo entered the apartments of hia woman. These, as I afterwards found, oonbiated of ono ' principal room and fivo or six small ohambera, in which cooking, oating, sleeping, drcaaing, and overy thing else be longing to domestio life wore oarried on. The chief lady of the harem came forward as we entered. She had been beautiful, but she was dreadfully bedaubed with paint, blaok, whito, and red. Her handa were ttained yellow, so wero tho soles of her feet, though they were then thruet into embroidered Blippets. Her eyebrows wero unnaturally arched and black, being painted and Blainedl high up upon her forehead. Her hair waa black, though very little of it showed. Being the daughtor.of a Turooman ohiof, she woro the oostumo of her peoplo, a long wrapper of red silk, open on the breast, whioh was only partially oonoealed by a chemisette of sill: gauzo. Her head-dress waa most wonderful. It was like a canopy fastened to the head, rather than like a hoad-dresa— an elaborate frame, out of proportion to tha picture. It waa oompoaed of many scarfs and handkerohiefs, the former oashmere, and rich red, the latter silk, Persian, and many-colored. These wore entwined with yards and yards of aheereat India muslin. Over her forehead, for a foot abovo her faco, hung strings and strings of golden coins, aud stuck about the head-dress, apparently to keop its materials in their place, were sprays of diamonds, gold pins, and more bez/vuts ana sequins. Round her throat were several tight ooll&rs; of jewels and large pearla. As thia lady and I oonld not converse, all wo oould do w&s; to stare at each others finery, like ahy, atrango children, and ex change a oompliment or two through the Sirdar as interpreter. ', '?They oan't talk much. They are yerjf, ejupid,' he said again to me, with a ltUlo sigh. But hero tho conversation, suoh as it' was, was broken in upon by the entrance ni throe moro wives, followed by a troop of little ohildren and servant-women. The ohildren at onoe threw themselves upon tho Sirdar, who caressed them affca-, tionately. The women, whether slavoa or cooks or wivoa, got round me in a group, and began to finger me. Not all, however. There waa ono poor girl, tall, beautiful, with aubuni hair and a blonde Circaasian look, who aeomed to shrink away from all thoTest, aud kept her eyea rivetted upon tho Sirdar's, oountenance. I heard one of the group oall her ' H&- fiza'— that first drew my attention toward hor. Among those who surrounded me I noticaii ono who looked like a Hindostaneo' wom&n.;' I addressed her in that language, whioh ay huabnnd had been teaching me, and she nn awered me in a strange mixture of broken English and Hindoatanee. Here was a nevr channel of communication. Tho Sirdar aeemed very glad to givo up hia office of in terpreter. Ho immediately ordered that she should attend me during my stay, and mi\la her bed in my apartment. - Finding conversation still differed (for .nay Hindostanee was aa imperfect aaher English, both being about equal to a Bohool-fiiil's Fronoh after one quurtor'a instruction), I be thought mo of Buggeuting some musio to tbe oompany. Tho Sirdar, on discovering my wiah, ordered ono of tho women to bring a luto and to perform on it. What she executed was very ugly, and had little harmony to rpy ear. When Bho had finishod I took her in strument, and contriving to extraot mufic enough from it for an aocorapaniinent, I hi gan to eing a negro melody. It delighted their uncultivated taatea. It went straight to the hearts of all of thom. ' 'Way Dwra upon the Swanneo Ribcr,' 'Unolo Ned,' Vtio lived bo long ago, ' Mias Luoy Naal,' and too disjointed history of Susanna, with hor buclt whea^oake, her banjo, and hor tears, followed eaoh other. I had to explain in brokn Italian patois to tho Sirdac tbe events in the biography of Undo Ned, hia infirmitien sml strange appearance, tho tad history of Ln-jy Neal, tho ' yaller gal,' and of the letter with the jot-blaok-aeal delivered to her forsaken lover; but 'SuBanna' and 'The Old Folia'' wero too hard for mo. Thon I tried ' Go - savo tho Queen' and ' IbIo of Beauty,' im thefio did not strike a chord of sympathy among my auditors. At last tho party was broken up_ by tht retirement of the Sirdar, who had rosigndl to me hia own aleeping-room, and who wia to Bleep upon a divan in his audionoo-eharabor. I was oonduotod to my apartment by tlu ayah, who had onoe sorved an English Ja-.l} in India. My room was in tho eastern angle ol tlic oitadel, and looked, as Croiaset had foritol.i it would, toward the Mission. Tho wall: wero oraoked in many places, and presoniod ;; ruined and crumbling appearance. There wore two window, narrow nnd long, glazed with oiled papor, but ono pane had bem torn out, so that I oould look down on the, lown There was also tho luxury of a wsodcii shutter. Water had beon sprinkled over, tho nuu floor, and tho wholo had been lately «w;vii , though hardly oleanaed. At ono ond uiv apread a thiok felt carpet; on this hy. an enormous red Bilk pilloiv. My own baiHil;; had been brought in from tho Misaion-houio. and my ayah soon arranged things as shir had learned to do for her English lady. , ' Who is that girl thoy oalled Hufiza?' 1 ' Baid to her aa she undressed me. 'Wild girl. Strange girl from the jiillo. Juafc come,' eho answered. ' Juat como ?' I oiicd, throwing down toy ?oomb and turning toward her — ' jirnt aome from tho hills ? Who brought her ?' ' Mir Abbaa Ali from ,thc hills gavo hfr yesterday to his Highness tho Sirdar.' , 'A robber chief I' I cried, recognizing the name Mir Abbas Ali as ono I had hoard uttered by the women ot Abdul Roaohid in thoir lury. ' Was she going to bo married to a young chief iu tho hilU? Has she uttered the namo of Abdul Resohid ?' ' She hna tipoken but few words nines Bho ? caino last oyening.' . .'...'. 'What ia tho Sirdar going to do with her?'' ' Hia HighnoBa han Kaid nothing. I , think ho has not deigned to' look upon hsr.' Just at that moment cavno the recollection that Abdul Roacbid wao a name forbidden by my instructions ; ihi\t ho and hi undo wera Obktmcd rebels by tho Sirdur ; that I fchquld disobey my huBbnnd, and possibly got ovory hoiiy into a Bcrape, if I mixed myself up with tho young chief end hia Hafizri. I declined tli6?f!rther services of my ayali, hut told her to get her bed and spread it be fore tho door. Then I stood looking through tho torn window-pauo at a light in the Mis cion-houeo, whoro I greatly feared my hus band waa Bpendinfj tho remainder of hia nifjht writing dispatches, Beforo dawn I beard o Btir below me. A clrong party of' Afghan horsornen were pouring over th-r draw-bridfio. Lights began to move in tha court-yard of the Mission. Tho riders halted. My husband munt havo joined thom. A light went back into tho Misaion-house. It was extinguished. With a heart full of approhen sion I oropt to my lonely couch, and watored ita'ailk cushion with my toaro. Tbo next day passed very much as I had expeotod. I got Hafiza into my chamber, and put a few cautious questions to her through ayah, I had no doubt sho waB Abdul Reuchid'ii fair Hrifiza,,but; ahe waa in csprensibly timid, cowed, and on her guard. Neither of ua oould make mnoh of tho othor. I observed in tho harem that tho women all appeared to Bnub her or to shun her. They cvidontly expected her pkoo in tho establish ment would be that of sri inferior. What a Btranpo lifo ia that of tha barem I ThoHo in tbo West who dream about it always connect it with luxury, magnificence, and voluptuousness. Bat itnogiuo a common ' keeping- room' used na a oleeping-placo at night by cooks and kitcben-maida resting from thoir labors ; with children, troublesome and dirty, who have repeatedly to bo whipped to bring them to any order ; gloomy, for tho li(;bt is alwaya imperfect ; oloso, with foul air, jet pervaded by.draughta from broken doorB ? and ill-built ohimncya. Tbo expression on most of the women's faces soon growa vapid. There is no religious life among thorn— no zeal for moral principles. Their children occupy but weary thorn. They care for them chiefly aa stepping stones to power and to tbo favor of. their husbands. Rwely indeed has a mother in a harem any comfort in hot boys. They early become insolent, and tyrannize, ' by right of oosqueat and by, right of birth,' 'over the little slaters and -half-aiatera, who aro their abjeot victims. Over all presides the hoad wife or the has band'a mother. Dressing, bathing, playing at childish gamen, and mismanRging tho children aeemed tho perpetual employments of the Sirdar's ladiea. Had thoy lived in a large oity they could have gone out into tho tovm, Ehopped like thoir sisters in Christendom, paid or re ceived visita, had pienioR, under chargo of eunuohn or duennas, in ploaaant plr.cea ; but horp in Herat they wero nuch terribly great ladiea that almost all these resources wore out of from them. Tingeiug their finger nails with henna occupied a good deal ol their lime, and Boma seemed to . enjoy kef, tbe clolce far niente of smoking. But ttio whole of them neemed ckslituto of ideas. Indeed, what hnd they to form ideas from ? Their tinimpl wanta we.ro satisfied ; thoy had no aapirationa. Why should they labor, when that labor had no objeot? ' Work without hope draws neotar ia a ., sieve, And hopo without an objeot can not live.' It waa an unspeakable relief to me when tbe Sirdar camo to visit us that evening. Again the ohildren climbed upon bis knees, and half smothered him with their caresses ; again I eang, and two of tho women danced with oaatanets, rarely lifting their foot up from the floor, but Ewaying from tho hips with tho wholo body. 1 did not like tha ex hibition-much, and wan glad when tho Sirdar aBked me to play cheea with him. The board wan l)ainc Pet out, when two o{ ?? the children becamo troublesome. The Sir dar frowned. ' ' It is very noisy hero,' ho aaid. ' I fear 4 my head would play mo false to beat you. Would you play with mo in my own room ??.' ' I will, certainly. May I take tho ayah ?' So y?q moved into tho Siidar'a audience chamber, and Bitting in (hn place myhus band had occupied tho night bsforo, I ac cepted tho first move, and wo began tha game. Wo wero of nearly equal force. * Tbe-i fight was long and very interesting. The Sir dar won. ' ' * We leaned back in our'scatd, exhausted with our close attention to the game.'5' I toyed with one of the carved chesa-mcii. 'There ia in the andtrmiiitL young girt, ?* ' native of theeo hills, who intercst.i me,'. I taid at length to his HfchucFS. -v.-, ' ' A slave, sent a piepcnt to me by ray ally Mir Abbas Ali,' said hia Uifibneea. __ - , 