A DEEP GAME; onr OL TIlE PRISONER OF BALFOSUJI lAMLL. i:Y PO|'. GDE, p. P.IGGO. "O(r wedding imu!t be a quiet one," ihe said, in a voice orf awful calmanes. "' it wiil take place in this room, an i tier2 will be bt few inr:tel guestls." " Yo:ur wish shall be sacredlty oberve;l, darlin', murmrred the miliionaire, tanderly. as he stool close to her chair and theld one of her cold white lands in his, "I lore you madly; I hare loved yon for many long, weary years; and I thank God for giving you to me at last.' We pass over the week that fol lowed. Suffice it to say that a legal divorce was obtained without difficulty or delay, and as soon as Edith was assured that she was free, preparations were at once consumniated for her marriage with Dyke lBalfour. CtLt'ER IIT. THE S?CK OF TIRE. A clear, cold, starry night it was when the few invited guests collected in Edith's cosy apart ments to honour her wedding. Very few they were indeed, for only those were there whom Edith recog nizeid as her friends and associates. BIalfour's parents had long been dead, and as h:e had neither brothers or sisters, hlie thought of none whom he cared to invite to so quiet and humble a wedding. Fdith was pale and nervous. She called to mind another wedding night, seven years ago, when she was a happy maiden. and the contra;st was so great tihat she turned sick at heart. Int Ish.it w thle urgent necessity of being as calm as possible nnow, a1t she steeled her nerves for the trial before lher. l'hle bridegroom was very attentire and tender, and seemed even more handsome than usual, though his face was somewhat flushed, as if with wine, and there was a restless, uneasy look in his eves. 'lThe minister arrived, and every thing ingbing in readiness, thIe bride and groom took their positions at one endl of the room, to be united inl wedlock. Edith placed her hand, as coldasice, in that of IBalfour, who bent his elegant form to whisper a word of encourage ment in her ear. "I-flow honoured she ought to feel, to get such a husband!" said her friends, one to another. \- The mniinister stood before them, olen book in hand, and in a deap, mnodulated voice was pronouncing tihe * marriage ceremony Edith did not hear him; neither did B]alfour. Both were listening to a sound in the street belowi the ring of rapidly tipproaching footsteps on the tlag: parvement. There was an in slinetive feeling in the breast of each thltr something of an extraordinary nature was about to happen. There rose a terrible din at the street door. Thie minister paused in the middle of a sentence, and looked inquiringly at those around- hhm. Immediately there was a trampling of feet and a wrangling of voices in the hall! then the footsteps were heard coming swiftly up the -stair, and before anyone could speak or move, the door was thrown open and three men walked into the room. The foremost was a tall man in tattered garments, white and haggard as a ghost, with hollow, wild-looking eyes, and a generally unwholsome aspect. lie was terribly excited, and flashing a quick glance around him, lhe sprang into the.contre of the apaRI inont, and cried out to his fol lowers: "Threo's your man! I conunand you to seize him !" 'e was pointing to Dyke Balfour. Inistantly a ashriek ran through t;he room, as Edith fell soenseless to tlhe floor. The man inu tattered garmonti staggered towards lher like a drunllken man. I el paused, pressed his ]hanld to lhis temlples, and turned his wild looking eyes upon the affrighted guests. "iriends,"' ho cried, in n qoivering voice, "don't you know imeu? fItok at me. I am Clifford -arcourl;!" The next moment he was dovn oni tlhe floor in a fainting fit, besite thi unconscio011 s woman. It had all occurred in a vory briuf spaee of time. One minute thu caln old clergyman was polning thl ceror many that was to linkl two lives to gethcWr; the nextI , he was cowarih' in the remotest corner of tihe rooeu, :a I1icturo of consternation, while Dyko Jlfll'our stood halndenfled boltweon twi Ihurly ollicors of tIho law, paloe and tremubling with guilty terror, uand Chfflt,lrd Iareourt and his divorcead wife lay suonseloss on the floor. As suoon as the people had partl;ially ricovered from their fright, the in se?isibl, ones wereoo tenderly careod for. :Itil'oni was led away, and confined templnorarily in the village lock-up. 'Then the whole startrling: story came out, and Pointvillo rang with it sevreal days. The excitomoent wonti so high that thu authorities woro forced to removo Balfour from the villago by strategy, to save him from the sdimmaiy venigence of an oxxs pmerated pop?Ic'eo. It cameno to light that on tihe day of SIIarcourt's sudden disappearaneo, two years boero, iliallour had .met him in the city, 'and invited him. to dinueor at Baltoutr. Hall. [e had accepted the invitat1ion in his usualt frienldly spirit, and was still sitting at the Stable with his suI)p)oSCd friend, aftero the meal was dLespatcheid, when some Sbody had Idealt him i1. nurdorous blow on thlo hIeaid frn btlhiitd. Aftor lying unconiscious, hie knew not: low Iong, ho had opened his oyes to fily himself ii a dark, cell-liku chamlnber \--underneath he 'IhobllS. StrollIg iron bolts and locks fastctd him in, anil d a siall, 111re2l windtil ai' lioe his roaeih crossed by tlhick bart', was tlte only o.!ucti'g th'at admitt:.l lig't eo his g'comy quarjlters. fthkve :aifo-,r ihai cosse dowrn 1o -( himI. and with a co'd, pil;ti?ss soe:. rt, hiis hand-o:ne r.age, had told ii n w;hat to expect. lie was never mure to h!ok upon God's green earth, but raos tobe kept in so.iaryconfin-.nrn: there till he died. And all th- whili that the sch.',:inig millionaire hl.l piayd the part of a sympathising friend to Edith, he had h-ld her dis racted husband a prisoner u:ldsr Balfour Hail. Harcourt had bee.i rell fed during his -;nprisonmennt an old servant bringing food three times a day, and passing it in to him throsgh Baifour had tried several times j- threatening death in all its m ,si ,ideorus forms-to make his prisoaer a-rite a i:tter at his dictation. BUt liarcourt had firmly and steadily re fused. The villian's ultimate success n gaining his object, was due to a bit of counterplotting on Clifford's part. The latter had succeeded in raising one of the huge flagstones that composed the floor, and for two months had been slowly, but surely, tunnelling his way out. . Consequently, when his persecutor had urged the writing of the note for the last time. showing that lie was terribly in earnest when he swore to starve him to death if he refused. Harcourt had finally yieldedl, and writtie the lines dictated by the arch plotter. IHe had seen that it was his only hope of eacape-halI remembered that his tunnel was nearly complete-and calculated his chances of getting out in time to prevent whatever mischief the letter was intended to perform. MIore days had passed then, and the last of his captivity had seemed the longest of Harcourt's life. His work was done; the road to freedom was open; and as soon as darkness was once more upon the earth, he had bid good-bre to his prison celi, and for tihe first timne in two years had breathed the pure air of heaven. lie was no sooner free than lie liha run to the railroal station, reaching it just in time to board the train for Pointvilie. He had arrived in the village before he had heard of IE hth':i: divorce from him, and the startling intelligence that she was to be married to Dyke Balfour that night. Driven almost wild by the news, lie had secured the services of two officers, and together they had hastened to the house, where, as ire have seen, they arrived just in time to prevent the marriage. Clifford Harcout was ill with brain fever for a long time after that memo rable night, anid Edith was his con stant attendant through all. She nursed him back to life, and then de stroying the divorce papers, was ones more united to him in the holy bonds of matri'nony. ' SAnd they have lived hiappily anl1 prosperously together ever since, and have b:en blessed with many addi tionn to their family.. D)yvc Ialfour died a miserable death in prison. 