LAUNCESTON EXAMINER PUBLISHED DAILY FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 26 WE continue our resume of the evidence taken before the Centralisation of Police Committee. Mr. B. Shaw, Inspector of Police since January last ; police duties generally are defined by Parliament, and his duty is to see that they are performed. Considers he has not sufficient authority over muni- cipal and territorial police. Cannot direct municipal police in case of emergency without consent of municipal authorities -has the power nominally, but practi- cally it is useless ; no emergency has occurred during his tenure of office. Thinks it would be better if all the police of the colony were under one system. Does not think the amalgamation of Coun- cil Clerk and Superintendent of Police desirable. Has not come across any case in which municipal police have not dared to do their duty independently. If the police were centralised it would not affect other municipal action. Cannot say whether the Licensing Act would be carried out better under centralisation, but thinks it would. Considers a detective system necessary, and this can be done pro- perly only by having the police under one head. Does not know of any country except Tasmania where the police is not centra- lised; the whole of the police in the United Kingdom is not under one head, but are centralised to a certain extent, though cannot say exactly how. Under an united system there would be greater facilities for promotion and removal of constables. Believes the police would have more confidence and reliance of support if under one head, and thinks it would tend to increase security of life and pro- perty, especially cattle, sheep, and horses. There is not that good feeling between the two bodies of police that there ought to be, but does not know of a case in which offenders have escaped in consequence, or crime has been undetected. Has not known an instance where the territorial and municipal police have failed to assist each other. Centralisation would tend to increase subordination and concerted action. Has theoretical power to require municipalities to keep up a sufficient force, but thinks it is practically unworkable. Under centralisation has no doubt several superintendents could be dispensed with, which would lead to a saving and greater efficiency. Wardens and justices should be elevated above the police so as to sit as unbiassed judges. Municipal police maintain order in their districts as well as it can be done, but the system gives facilities for the escape of offenders outside. The Government should have entire control of the police. Should be sorry to say that territorial police are generally more effective than municipal- the latter are as good as any police can be, especially in Hobart and Launceston. The defects of the Tas- manian police are that there is no means of training men for their duty; the muni- cipalities are independent of the Govern- ment and of each other, and there should be power to move constables from one district to another. Under centralisation the people would not have reason to dread a return to the arbitrary and tyrannical system of the convict days. Thinks a mounted force is necessary, and nearly all the territorial police are so. If centralised the police could be connected with the defence force of the colony by compelling all to become members of rifle clubs ; but it would not do to have them attached, because in case of invasion the police must be quite free to protect the banks, etc. In case of centralisation the arrangements for keeping constables at out-stations would be much better. Mr. F. Pedder, Superintendent of Hobart Municipal Police seven years, and of Clarence police ten years previously. Has no difficulty in getting good men, or in promoting the meritorious. When first appointed to Hobart experienced some difficulty from there being two dis- tinct bodies of police, but there is no want of harmony now; the cause of difficulty was the late inspector thinking he could usurp the functions of the Mayor and city police. Thinks the police of Hobart could not be more efficiently managed than at present by the Council. Cannot say that the police of the colony would be more efficient if centralised ; has always received cordial assistance from other districts, and never knew an offender to escape in consequence of divided authority. Does not think a systeme could be devised to give entire control of police to the Government with- out depriving municipal authorities of all power over the force. Careful magistrates tend to preserve the efficiency of the police. Do not see what would be gained by placing central authority in the Government ; the men might have more promotion and less supervision. Has seen as good discipline in municipal as in territorial police. As to centralisation tending to greater security of life and property, has not known any offender to escape in the municipalities except on minor charges. Centralisation might receive concerted action, but would not increase subordination ; do not see that it would benefit promotion in any way. His experience was that long service was not always recognised by the Government in making promotions; in municipalities it was more the rule. Whether the police would have more reliance for support under one head would depend upon the officer himself. Has always found in Hobart that when the police have per- formed their duty they have been sup- ported by the Mayor and aldermen. The Hobart police are drilled every week, and understand the use of arms, and would prove a very great advantage in the event of an enemy coming; but each district would require its own police for the protection of property as usual, and to bring them in to protect Hobart would require considerable time. If all formed one force there would be greet difficulty in drilling them together, be- cause then the various parts of the colony would be left unprotected. There is an efficient detective force connected with the Hobart police, and could not suggest a better system. If the police were centralised he does not know what the municipalities would have to do; the Wardens and Councillors would not take any interest in the proceedings of the Courts. After 17 years experi- ence has never had diffficluty in carrying out the spirit of the Licensing Act. There has not been difficulty in tracking criminals or stolen stock owing to the divided authority of the two bodies. Feels sure that municipal police are not deterred from doing their duty independently; he and his force have al- ways been encouraged to do their duty. In the territorial police promotions have been made that have been taken exception to-strangers have been placed over the heads of good men who have been in the force for 20 years. The management of municipal police costs considerably less per head than the territo- rial police. Mr O. E. Hedberg, Superintendent of Territorial Police of New Town and Queenborough for twelve months. Has been in the force two years. Has experienced difficulty in many small cases through their being two bodies, but since Mr. Shaw has had charge they have worked very satisfactorily. Has not found any difficulty in detecting crime, tracing stolen property, or pursuing criminals. If centralised think the police would be more efficient, much better organised in every respect, and less expensive ; consider the force is over officered. The city police, and perhaps the Launceston police, are the only ones who know anything about drill; his own. men are quite a laughing stock through not having been drilled. Centralisation would afford a better opportunity of con- stituting a proper detective force; there ought to be two or three such men ; there is such a force in Hobart and Launceston, but they are not effective. Amalgama- tion would not tend to improve the posi- tion of the police with regard to promo- tion, because the number of officers would be reduced, but it would give the body more reliable support in the execu- tion of their duty. It would tend to increase the safety of life and property, but not at all as regards Hobart and Launceston- they are excepted. Centralisation would tend to increase concerted action and subordina- tion, which the present system prevents. Cannot state a case in which police have been deterred fronm performing their duty through fear of offending municipal authorities. Considers the police of Tas- mania, except Hobart and Launceston, are a disorganised body. Out stations would be managed better under one head. Cannot state a case where justice has been frustrated by there being two bodies, but there must be jealousy ; found it crop up in London through the divided authority there. We shall continue this subject in our next. The Premier has done justice to the Director of Education in the refutation placed before the Council of charges made in "another place," but we hope he will do equal justice to ourselves. Perhaps he thought that, like the member for Tamar, we are anxious Ministers should make "a buffer" of us to serve the interests of the colony, but it certainly was not the Examiner who cast reflections on the Education Department. On the 18th inst. we wrote :-" The unexpected im- peachment of the Director of Education made in the House of Assembly on Tues- day evening will be read with surprise. If the charges made against the Director of Education be well founded ; if it be true that to make our education system a success its present official head must be removed, then in the interest of the colony, present and future, indi- vidual considerations must be sacri- ficed to the public welfare. If, on the other hand, an old, useful, and zealous public officer has been grossly wronged, let the fullest justice be done. We sin- cerely trust that the Assembly will insist upon the serious allegations made against a public officer being proved or disproved beyond the possibility of doubt." The members of the Assembly, however, did not trouble themselves, and the position taken up by Ministers on the following day was not creditable, one alone attempting a very weak defence, and his colleagues practically allowing the attack made to pass with but a general contra- diction. On the 19th inst. we wrote-"What occurred during the adjournment does not transpire, but that some influence has been at work is evident, for without dis- cussion or further question the estimates are agreed to. This is not a proper state of affairs, and does not reflect credit on Parliament. As matters now stand either the Director of Education is quite unfit for the office he holds, or Messrs. Braddon and Reibey have taken an unjustifiable advantage of their position to make charges against a public officer which they are unable to substantiate, and which he is powerless to refute. In either case the public service must suffer, since a man may just as well be really incap- able as to be denounced as such in Par- liament without proof." The Premier has very properly taken the matter up, and put forward an explicit contradiction of the charges made in the Assembly, and we can forgive his use of us as a buffer for the sake of the beneficial results attained. As matters now stand, how- ever, the action of members "in another place," which called for the Premier's defence, does not show up in a very favourable light. Two correspondents have drawn our attention to proceedings in connection with the Road District of Tarleton, which seem to call for further explanation. It would appear that at the Sheffield Police Court on 19th inst., before Messrs. Manley and Hope, J'sP., two informa- tions for non-payment of road rates were heard. In both the plaintiff was Mr. John Robertson, as Collector under the road Trust, the defendants being Mr. John Rundle, of Lower Barrington, and Mr. Thos. Wootten, of the Nook, respec- lively. In the first case the Bench, after hearing evidence, gave a verdict for the plaintiff. In the second case, the defen- dant, Mr. Wootton, pleaded that the trustees had not been legally elected, and therefore the collector could not be " duly appointed," nor a rate levied for the current year. It was further alleged that the rate was stated in the demand and summons to have been made on the 28th April, whereas the Gazette produced stated it was made on the 26th June. Ultimately, we are informed, the Bench "nonsuited the plaintiff, giving the trustees fourteen days to right them- selves in." We confess our doubt as to the real meaning of this decision, though almost the same words are used by both our correspondents. One thing, however, appears certain, namely, that the pernicious practice of cumbering the statute book with amend- ing acts upon amending note, instead of consolidating and simplifying the law as much as possible, is leading to confusion and injustice in connection with road dis- tricts. To quote the words of the Deputy Surveyor-General- " The Roads Act Amendment Act of 1885 thrust a fresh series of complications upon the bewildered elector, and this year the Lands Department found itself appealed to on all sides, sometimes for advice, more frequently by disappointed candi- dates and ratepayers, asking that the elections might be quashed on account of alleged informalities." But so far as the cases alluded to are concerned, surely they were on a par, and if one informa- tion cannot be upheld, neither can the other. The Bench decided one the evi- dence brought before them in each case, the fatal objection being raised only in the second, though it is difficult to under- stand how the trustees can "right" an act which in itself was wrong. The case, however, is one in which the opinion of the law officers of the Crown should be obtained to satisfactorily settle the ques- tion involved. THAT this colony has suffered injury from not being represented at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition is certain, and it is somewhat strange that no question has been asked in Parliament as to the intentions of Ministers with regard to the permanent colonial exhibition which it is pro- posed to establish as one of the memorials of the jubilee year of Queen Victoria's reign. In the preliminary arrangements now being made for this affair Tasmania is represented amongst the Agents General who are conferring with the Prince of Wales's committee, but it is probable that it is too soon for any official account of the proceedings so far to reach the colony by mail. As, however, Parliament cannot last much longer, the session should not be permitted to close without some ex- planation being afforded by Ministers as to the position they propose to take up on the subject, and whether any official com- munications that may arrive during the recess are likely to meet with favourable consideration. Such an explanation would also afford the members of either House an opportunity of expressing an opinion which would materially influence the future action of the Cabinet. NORTHERN HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. The spring show under the auspices of this Society, which was to have been held yes- terday, was postponed till Tuesday next in consequence of the unpropitious state of the weather. We learn that a large number of entries have been received for the show, and it is anticipated the exhibition will exceed previous years, both in respect to number of entries and quality of exhibits. WESLEYAN CHURCH, ELLENSMERE.-A correspondent writes- A new church in connection with the Wesleyan denomina- tion was opened on Sunday last. The sermons were preached by the Rev. H. Greenwood, of Hobart, who gave able and interesting discourses to large congrega- tions both morning and evening. On the following day a tea- meeting was held in commemoration of the event, at which the appetising edibles were done justice to by a good number of connoiseurs. After the debris was cleared away a lecture was de- livered by Mr. Greenwood, the subject being "The late Princess Alice," which was dealt with in a very able manner, in- terspersed with amusing anecdotes and musical selections by a few members of the church choir. The sum of £18 15s 1d was raised towards the expenses of the new building by collections on the Sabbath and the tea and lecture on Monday. FATAL ACCIDENT AT BANGOR.- A pain- ful accident happened at the Bangor Slate Quarry yesterday morning, resulting in the death of a Welsh miner named Edward Thomas. It appears that Thomas was working as braceman at the main shaft, and in landing a truck load of slate must have mistaken the compartment he was emptying. Instead of running the truck away he pushed it towards the other com- partment of the shaft, into which he walked, falling with the truck a dis- tance of 250 feet. Nobody saw the man fall down the shaft; and the engine-driver, Edward Hayes; states that he was talking to the deceased about a quarter to 3 a.m. A few minutes after, noticing something unusually wrong with the winding gear, Hayes went to the shaft, and not seeing deceased, and the shift truck not being on the cage, he believed an accident had occurred. Hayes reported the matter to another engine-driver named Jonathan Hutchinson, who sent for the police. After the arrival of Constable Everett, Hutchin- son and Henry Goodman went down the shaft, and found deceased lying between the truck and cage. They brought him up, and on examination found his legs, back, and neck were broken, there being also a large wound in the skull. Thomas was quite dead, and death must have been instantaneous. He was a married man, 32 years of age, and leaves a wife and two children at Bangor, and one child in Wales. Deceased was a sober, industrious man, and had been at work at the quarry for 15 months. It has not yet been decided whether an inquest is necessary. The accident has been reported to Mr. G. Thureau, Inspector of Mines, who will proceed to Bangor to-day and enquire into the matter. POLICE COURT.-The Bench at the Laun- ceston Police Court was occupied yesterday by Messrs. G. A. Kemp, Acting P.M., and Ernest Whitfeld, J.P. A man aged 77 years was fined 5s for having been drunk. Leslie Martin was charged with having on the 15th inst. uttered a cheque for £4 5s with intent to defraud the Commercial Bank. Defendant was remanded for one week. Daniel Allen and James M'Nair were each fined 5s and costs for having allowed animals, their property, to be at large. Henry Webster was fined 21s or one month's imprisonment for having used obscene language at the Upper Piper. William Woods and Benjamin Williams were fined 20s and costs each for disturbing the peace at the Upper Piper. Cornelius Sullivan pleaded not guilty to having, on the 18th inst., assaulted his wife, Alice Sullivan, by striking her in the face with his fist. The complainant de- posed to having been struck by defendant because she was talking to her brother on the day in question. The Bench found Sullivan guilty, and fined him £1 and costs 12s 6d. Joseph Booth pleaded not guilty to having failed to maintain his two children. Sarah Smith deposed to the children having been left with her by Booth on the understanding that he was to pay 10s per week for their support. He had paid l0s, but now owed for seven weeks. The Bench allowed defendant until Mon- day next to pay the amount, and ordered him to contribute 10s per week afterwards. Theresa Miller pleaded not guilty to having, on the 22nd inst., used indecent language to Mary Ann Holt. Mr. R. Byron Miller appeared for the prosecution. The evidence of Rebecca Pretty. Firemen Eagle, and complainant, proved the case, defendant being fined 21s, and costs 10s 6d, or one month's imprisonment. THE WEATHER.-After several weeks of dry weather, which has during the last few days become oppressively sultry, a welcome change set in at an early hour yesterday morning, and by 4 a.m. a steady soaking downpour had commenced, which continued with but slight intermission till 6 p.m., when a southerly wind which had sprung up checked the rain. The fall has been pretty general throughout the colony, and will do an incalculable amount of good to the crops, which had suffered consider- able damage on account of the long-con- tinued drought. A Formby correspondent, writing yesterday, states:-The weather here changed last night. It has recently been very warm, even oppressive. Rain commenced to fall towards midnight, fol- lowed by a terrific wind. I hear the sea washed over the road near General Lodder's house, between the Leven and Penguin, carrying away stones. Such an occurrence has not happened for years. The s.s. Mangana from Melbourne arrived between 8 and 0 p.m. The passengers say the wind and sea were uncommonly rough. LECTURE.-Mr. A. Biggs will deliver a lecture in Milton Hall this evening, on the subject-"The design argument in proof of Deity, with remarks on the alleged defects in nature." The subject is full of interest, and doubtless a large audience will assemble to hear Mr. Bigg's views, HOMING SOCIETY.- Entries close at Mr. W. Aldred's, Brisbane-street, this evening for the Ladies' Race in connection with this society, and which is to be flown from Ross to-morrow creek. A prize valued at five guineas has been presented by the hon. F. W. Grubb, for the winner of the race, and it is anticipated a large number of entries will be received. WELL'S HAIR BALSAM.-If gray, restores to original colour. An elegant dressing, softens and beautifies. No oil nor grease. A Tonic Restorative. Stops hair coming out; strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. (2 SKINNY MEN. - " Wells' Health Re- newer" restores health and vigor, cures Dyspepsia, Impotence, Sexual Debility. At chemists and druggists. Felton, Grim- wade and Co.. Agents, Melbourne. (2 SOCIAL PURITY.-Last evening Pastor G. Soltan delivered an address on social purity to young men only in the Salvation Army Barracks. There was a very limited attendance, Mr. H. Stephens occupying the chair. The lecturer dealt exhaustively with his subject, and referred at length to the Licensing Act, which, he said, was one of the most abused acts of Parliament in Tasmania. For instance, a section provided a penalty against publicans for selling on Sundays, and keeping open after hours. Pastor Soltan said persons could get into almost any public house after hours, and all day on Sunday. This, he said, should be abolished, and every man in the community should take a stand against the manner in which the Licensing Act was worked. The pastor also referred to the appointment of a third judge for Launceston, and urged upon those present to see that the man who was to be elected was in favour of social purity. A vote of thanks to the lecturer concluded the proceedings. TAMAR ROWING CLUB.-The handicaps for the Stewart Trophy, to be rowed on Saturday afternoon, were declared last evening as follow :-J. Coogan. scratch; J. Atkinson, 10sec.; L. Bain, 20sec.; C. Bain, 55sec.; J. Gow, 65sec. The following handicaps were declared for the Daily Telegraph trophy J. Bain, scratch; W. Hill, 10sec.; R. Gow, 20sec.; P. C. Weet- man, 40sec.; J. Meyers, 45sec.; W. Ryan, 50sec.; E. J. Carroll, 60sec. The trial races, from which the regatta competitors are to be chosen, will be held on Saturday fortnight, and entries close on Saturday next. In all the sculling races this season it is intended to give points for the different places at the finish held by the competitors, and the most successful will be entitled to a trophy. It will therefore be wise for scullers to finish the contests instead of slackening off when in the rear. WHO IS TO BLAME?-A short time since we pointed out the great necessity for the appointment of additional coroners for the north, but nothing has since been done. At the time it was pointed out that the only three coroners in the north were Messrs. G. A. Kemp (Acting P.M.), F. W. Von Stieglitz, and W. H. Glover, being about half as many as the extensive districts over which their services are required should possess. Yesterday a fatal accident happened at the Bangor Slate Quarry, some 20 miles from town, particulars of which were immediately sent to the Super- intendent of the Selby police, who thought an inquest necessary. Upon application to the three coroners it was found that not one was available. Mr. Kemp had been summoned to Hobart to give evidence before a select committee of Parliament, Mr. Glover was on duty at Beaconsfield, and Mr. Von Stieglitz refused, to go on account of the Government Auditor dis- puting an account sent him for cab hire in connection with an official visit to Bangor on a previous occasion. Mr. Superinten- dent Armstrong immediately wired to Mr. Bernard Shaw, Inspector of Police at Hobart, to see what was to be done, but we understand no reply had been received up to last evening. It is hard to tell how the matter will end, and it is doubtful whether an inquest will be held or not. Perhaps some of our northern members of Parliament will ask, " who is to blame ?" ST. JOSEPH'S BAND.-A demonstration will be held to-night in honour of St. Joseph's Band. A torchlight procession of members of the Friendly Societies will leave the Fire Brigade tower at 7.30 p.m., en route to the Town Park, where a pro- menade concert will be given, on which occasion the band will render the contest piece. If the weather gives indication of being unfavourable, early notice will be given. THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.-We un- derstand that Mr. D. Room, who was mentioned as a probable candidate for municipal honors in the early part of the week, has definitely declined to contest the election owing to his contemplated early departure from Launceston. No other names have yet been mentioned so that it is probable that there will be no opposi- tion to the retiring aldermen. FIRE.-A serious fire took place shortly before noon yesterday at Kirk's Bazaar, Charles-street, and by which some hun- dreds of pounds worth of damage was caused. The fire originated in a large room upstairs, which is used for storing purposes, and contained straw mattresses, coir ropes, crockery, bedsteads, etc. Smoke was seen issuing from the windows facing on Charles-street, some passers by giving the alarm. Both firebells rang out the alarm, and in a very short time the fire- men and a crowd of people were on the spot. Much difficulty was experienced in getting the water on the flames, as the room in which the matter was burning was full of smoke. The fire was very soon extinguished, although the damage done was consider- able. A narrow escape occurred when the fire broke out, a child of Mrs. Kirk's being nearly suffocated by the smoke before it could be removed from the room. The origin of the fire is not yet known, but it is alleged some children were playing with matches in the room a few minutes before the alarm was given. The house is in- sured in the Liverpool and London office, and the contents of the shop in the Mutual. NORTHERN TASMANIAN CYCLING CLUB. -The attention of intending competitors is drawn to the notice in our advertising columns that entries for the races in con- nection with the above Club's Race Meet- ing to be held on 4th December, close with the hon. secretary, Mr. A. J. Spotswood, to- morrow evening. Several of the trophies to be competed for are now on view at Messrs. Farrelly and Stewart's Establish- ment Brisbane-street, amongst which is a very handsome silver tea service, the gift of the Hon. Thomas Reibey, M.H.A. (the president of the club), the first prize for the President's Handicap, two miles. There is also a handsome gold bracelet the prize for the Ladies' Bracelet Race, as well as other valuable and handsome prizes. Trophies to be presented by the club and some outside patrons will, not be on view, as the plan of giving open orders has been adopted and very wisely, and will perhaps prevent dissatisfaction. In some cases trophies may be exchanged for others of a like value to suit the taste of the winners. There are also on view two handsome medals, one gold and the other silver. These are the attendance medals for the year 1885-6, and have been secured by Messrs. C. Still and T. Robson respectively. CRICKET. -A meeting of the Northern Tasmanian Cricket Association was called for last evening at the Royal Tasman Hotel for the purpose of electing officers, etc. Owing, however, to the paucity of the attendance, the meeting was adjourned until a future date, and the secretary in the meantime promised to send postcards to those interested, giving them notice of the meeting. TELEGRAPHIC INTERUPTIONS.-The line between Torquay and Sheffield was inter- rupted at 8.30 a.m. yesterday, and restored at 6.15 p.m. The N.E. Coast line was in- terrupted at 8.30 a.m. and restored at 3.15 p.m. The N.W. Coast line beyond Burnie was also interrupted at 8.30 a.m, a restora- tion being effected at 3.30 p.m. EUCALYPTI EXTRACT AS A CURE FOR GRAVEL AND RHEUMATISM.-We clip the following important testimonial from the Illawarra Mercury (N.S.W.) on the 30th March. It needs no comment:-"Mr. John Loveday, of the Bulli Mountain, writes to us that, after suffering for four years with acute gravel, he has experienced almost complete relief by using Sander and Sons' Encalypti Extract. He says that seeing the said extract advertised in the Illawarra Mercury, his intense suffering induced him to obtain a bottle of this medicine from Mr. Hosking, chemist, of this town, and that this use of it gave him great relief at once. He states that be- tween the 10th March instant, when he obtained this first bottle of the extract, and this 19th, the use of that medicine con- tinued to afford him relief, to which he had been a stranger for four years. Mr. Love- day writes also that he has found this Eucalypti Extract a cure for rheumatism as well as gravel. He requests us to pub- lish this information through the Mercury, in order that other persons suffering from the disease mentioned may be made aware how they can obtain relief as he did. We have much pleasure in complying with Mr. Loveday's request, as he in a respect- able gentleman, whose word cannot be doubted about the matter, and who can have no object in view other than a pure desire to benefit suffering humanity."-L. FAITHORNE & SON. Wholsale agents. (8 SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARIES.-Anni- versary services in connection with the Launceston Tabernacle Sunday-school will be held on Sunday, when the Rev. A. Bird will preach in the morning, and Pastor G. Soltan in the evening. The twentieth anniversary of the Bishopsbourne Wesleyan Sunday-school will be celebrated on Sunday. - The Torquay Wesleyan Sunday school will celebrate their anni- versary on Sunday, when sermons will be preached by the Rev. G. T. Heyward. LISLE POLICE COURT.-Our correspon- dent sends us a full report of proceedings at the Lisle Police Court on 24th inst., before Mr: C. G. H. Furlong, J.P. Sub- Inspector M'Connell proceeded against Edward Gunner, Alfred Barker, Stephen Kemp, Alfred Bowden, and Geo. W. Kemp on a charge of having created a disturbance and used threatening language at Lisle on the night of the 6th inst. The defendant Gunner was the only one of the five who put in an appearance, and he pleaded not guilty. The first witness, Emma Hammond, deposed that on the night in question she was so drunk she could hardly stand, and was insulted by the two Kemps and Barker. She believed Bowden was there, but did not see Gunner. Barker and Kemp had since threatened to "break her jaw" if she gave evidence against them. W. H. Harman, a miner, deposed hearing the disturbance, and recognised A. Barker and S. Kemp, the former of whom he heard using bad language. W. Petherbridge, another miner, recognised Gunner, Barker, and S. Kemp amongst those creating a disturb- ance, and swearing, to the annoyance of the inhabitants. R. Newman, also a miner, heard the disturbance, but was not close enough to identify the parties, though he recognised Barker by his voice. Constable W. H. Stewart deposed to seeing the five defendants come out of Faulkner's Hotel shortly after 10 p.m. and proceed up the township using bad language, in which Gunner joined. Since the defendant Gunner was fined at the last court he had conducted himself in a quiet and orderly manner, and the constable be- lieved Gunner had been led away by the others. The Bench said that in considera- tion of the defendant having conducted himself properly since the last court day he would simply reprimand him and remit the costs. With regard to A. Bowden, at the request of the Sub- Inspector, a warrant should issue. There was another charge against Edward Gunner, but Mr. Sub-Inspector M'Connell after calling his first witness, whose evi- dence was directly opposed to the com- plaint, withdrew the case. This is one of those miscarriages of justice by which the police are hampered. They were induced to prosecute from statements made, but when the first witness was called his evi- dence convinced Mr. Sub-Inspector M'Connell that it was hopeless to proceed any further, as the witness had stated one thing to the police and was prepared to swear another. "THE PAIDOPHONE." - This little journal, which eminates from the Church Grammar School, has had a temporary re- tirement, but has again come to the front, and is as full of interesting matter as ever, several of the articles proving that the contributors are develping talent as journalists. In the number before us there are several letters and articles which are worth reading, one of the best being " A trip to the Great Lake." COLONIAL COMPRESSED LEATHERS- A Melbourne journal states that Mr. A. E. Arnold, of Marrickville, Sydney, has met a number of gentlemen at Scott's Hotel, and displayed to them specimens of his patent compressed leather. This is made of waste from the numerous boot factories, tanneries, and other leather works, of which it is estimated there are some 70 tons per week. Mr. Arnold explained the process of manufacture at some length, and stated that the product was capable of re- sisting enormous pressure. It could also be sawn, planed, or turned in a lathe, and would receive designs in colour or polish like mahogany. It would, he said, be useful for railway brakes, tesselated pave- ments, machinery bearings, mantelpieces, brackets, cornices, and for many other pur- poses. The specimens of leather produced were generally admired, and it was acknowledged to be a most useful in- vention. ELECTRIC ALARM BELLS FOR FIRE EN- GINES. ETC.-The Ballarat Star states that the Ballarat City Fire Brigade have re- cently improved their apparatus by fixing up their break with electric alarm bells. By means of these a bell is kept continu- ously ringing by the pressing of a small button in front of the seat by the foot of the driver, or of the passenger seated by his side. The electric battery is placed in the box inside, and the bell struck on the outside. The sound can be heard at a distance of fully two hundred yards, so that when the brake is travelling at any speed along the street sufficient alarm is given to any person who may be on the road in front. An additional alarm may be given in passing over crossings by a gong placed on the opposite side of the vehicle, which is struck by the driver pressing his foot on a lever. The City fire brigade is the only one in Victoria which has this apparatus attached to their brake. FRANCE AND THE NEW HEBRIDES The ss. Corea arrived at Brisbane on 17th instant from a round trip amongst the South Sea Islands with returned Kanakas. The Corea, while in the New Hebrides, visited both Port Sandwich, in the island of Mallicolo, and Havannah Harbour, in the island of Sandwich, at each of which places French military stations had been established, the force at each place numbering about 100 men. Barracks and other buildings have been erected on land which is the purchased property of the New Hebrides Company. The barracks are only good bush houses, but the roads, bridges, and wells all pre- sent a thoroughly permanent appearance. At Havannah Harbour greater reticence was observed than at Port Sandwich, but at each place the idea of leaving this New Hebrides is regarded by the Frenchmen with amusement and laughter. There they are, and there they intend to stop, is in effect what they say. The New Hebrides Company, which is generally believed to be heavily subsidized by the French, is buying more land in the island of Malli- colo, and the barracks at Port Sandwich will probably be shifted to a more shel- tered spot. This natives of the New Hebrides, especially those on this island of Mallicolo, openly express dislike to the French. These natives are much more fully supplied with arms of all the older kinds than on any other island, but it is doubtfull if they have much ammunition. A GHOST SCARE,-For some time past a great scare has existed in the usually quiet borough of Kew, near Melbourne, by the nightly appearance of a practical joker, arrayed in a phosphorescent sheet, with the evident intention of alarming timid people. It is stated that the would-be ghost generally shows himself before women and children, or persons from whom he runs no risk of retaliation. The scare has so mani- fested itself that a constable in plain clothes has been specially told off to endea- vour to catch the cowardly fellow. He was first seen by a lady who was going home in the company of her husband, and who, on the appearance of the apparition, was so affected as to render herself subject to recurring fits. The husband, strange enough, did not notice the ghost. A num- ber of girls going home from church at night were also greatly alarmed by seeing the apparition, which, to them, rose up- wards from the ground to a height of about 8ft. It is to be hoped that the fellow will soon be caught, and that exemplary punishment will be meted out to him. The Committee of the Young Men's Christian Association intend holding a bazzar and Bruce auction on the 22nd and 23rd proximo in order if possible to re- duce the mortgage on the association rooms. A LADY'S WISH.-" Oh, how I do wish my skin was as clear and soft as yours," said a lady to a friend. " You can easily make it so," answered the friend. " How ?" inquired the first lady. " By using Dr. Soule's Hop Bitters, that makes pure rich blood blooming health. It did for me, as you observe." Read. Why not? Tasmania has produced the richest tin mine in the world. She possesses a medicine of great value in Dolly's Liver and Blood Mixture. It cures fever, coughs, colds, asthma, ague, rheumatics, gout, blood poisoning, and a host of other things. But one trial necessary to prove it.-(Advt.) 