CRUMBS. Crops refreshed. Wool values keeping up. Sconred wool, Is. lOJd. per lb. To England and back for £65. Grand discovery water Nullabor Plains. 50,000 oz. from the Broken Hill last week. Wool direct from Newcastle to London ] now. Beach will only row Hanlan on the Para matta. Mr. Edward Wakefield has libelled the colony. Half an inch in several of the agricultural centres. Five ounces of gold for a week's work at Blackwood. Eviction scrimmage in Galway—cold steel v. shillelahs. Area under crop in South Australia is 2,753,462 acres. No more sunshine at the North Pole till March 22,1887. £50,000 to be spent on the New South Wales centenary. A man without decision can never^be said to belong to himself. Retrenchment policy at work in V.M.F.— 55 men struck off roll. Isle of PineB to be a receptacle for the col lection of rdcidiviBtes. Vanity is the sin, and affectation is the punishment —Saville. Home Rule flourishing in Counties Glare Kerry, and Waterford. 60,000 trees given away last year from Kapunda Forest Reserve. Cheeky Randolph now courteous and digni fied in manner and speech. Australia maintains the pride of place so far sb sculling is conoerned. Mr. Wragee has offered to join the pro posed Antarctic Expedition. Time for getting your name on the roll closes end of present month. If Hanlan wants to row Beach he must cross the ocean to Parramatta. State tree-planting a better investment for borrowed money than railways. "A new broom sweeps clean." Yes; no doubt there be-som truth in that. Do not look upon the vessel, but upon that which it containa—Hebrew Proverb. Queensland native tribeB having a bout at home rule—spears and waddies flying around, " A Chinese gentleman" who wants a wife, promises to "mate a good Christian hus band." " A pheasant boiled is a pheasant spoiled.' Pooh! Try him as such, with celery sauce, and see. " Speech is silvern, silence is golden." True; but what then—ha! ha!—ia our Grand Old Man ? To offend and judge are distinct offices, And of oppoa'd natures. Herchant of Venice. " Son of the Soil" (Octavius Lake) apolo gises for writing that letter reflecting upon Mr. Angas. A few more artesian wells in the Nullabo Plains will speedily secure the occupation of the country. " Boys will be boys.'' How can this be right, because when they grow up don't they become men ? The Sandwich Islands, twelve in number, embrace a superficial area of about 6,000 square rr.iles. Tyndal eays 50,000 typhus germs will thrive in the small circumference of a pin-head, or visible globnle. New South Wales Government got £62,500 probate dutieB from one estate; help to clear off their deficiency. 1 am no herald to enquire of men's pedigrees; it sufficeth me if I know of their virtues.—Sir P. Sidney. "More haste the worse speed." How do you account, then, for just saving your train by a little extra of that article ? " Money is the root oi all evil." Is it ? Why does everybody possess such a rooted predilection for this root, then ? Order is the sanity of the mind, the health oi the body, the peace of the city, the security of the State.—Soulhey. No boy can wear a hat or a pair of slippers for a month or two without putting some of his individuality into his garments. Forgive me, Ood; For judgment only doth belong to thee. Henry VI., Part 2. In the 25 miles champion of Victoria, run on July 10 last, in which CycliBt Dwyer beat the world's record for 25 miles, his time for 3 miles was 8 min. 49 sec. Another honour for S.A.—Richard Davis, of the Norwood Cycling Club, eclipsed the Australian three-mile bicycle record on Satur day. Time, 8 min. 37 sec. Selby says religion has retarded morals. Fletcher saye there is no evidence of any people rising out of barbarism except by a supernatural revelation or outside example. A tyro asked an artist, "Is sculpture diffi cult 5" The artist answered, " Why, bless you, no 1 You have only to take a block of marble and a chisel, and knock off all the marble you dou't want." The tones of the voice are full of meaning: the selection of phrases, the structure of Beutences, everything a person does, almost everything that he touches may bear the stamp of his individuality. Tufts of dandelions, looking as if they had juBt been rooted up from the field, ornament the belle's tulle bonnet, the dandy's button bole, and the horses' heads, while one or two stray flowers peep out of the groom's waist coat. The best Australian bicycle record (8 min. 48 sec.) was made by Davis on April 21 last. This he brought down to 8 min. 37 sec. on Saturday, which closely apppoaches the English time, viz , 8 min. 32 sec.—a difference of 5 seconds. "Have you anything else old?" said an English lady at Rome to a boy of whom she bad bought some antiquities. "Yes," said the youDg urchin, thruBtiug forward his hat, which had seen some dozen summers, "my bat is old." The lady rewarded tis wit. Phi deal excess is a crime aga/nst nature, the penalty for which will be implacably laid on You may be able to postpone it for tears, but I do assure you that the day of judgment is coming your way. And its claims are relentless! No set-oils are per missible in our dealings with excess. In the United StateB every two hundredth man takes a College course; in England, every five hundredth; in Scotland, every six hundredth; and in Germany every two hun dred and thirteenth. The United States is the enly country in the world which spendB more upon education than on war or prepara tion for war. The number of widowers in London shown hy the census of 1881 wbb 56,833. It is worth observing that there is an excessive number of widowers—and widows as well—living in towns as compared with those resident in the country, arising possibly from their finding the social life there more congenial than the quiet existence of rural districts. At the Colinderies on Whit Monday 80,291 persons passed the turnstiles—a multitude which consumed 50,000 rolls, 5,000 loaves of bread, and 50 tons, or 112,000 lb., of meat. That is to say, each man, woman, and child at the Exhibition that day disposed of nearly li lb. of meat. The fact is enough to make vegetarians give up the ghost. A prisoner awaiting hiB trial has recently applied to the prosecutor to forgive him his onence and send him np some tobacco, pipes, fruit, and a few other luxuries. If the prose cutor does not oblige he will be under the painful necessity of addressing the Press on the urgency for prison reforms in the way of supplying prisoners with articles such as named. A bo k on the German Classics has been announced in America as " Hours with the German Lassies." This recalls the story of the Scotch Professor who notified that he would " meet his classes," on such-and-suoh a day. The students altered this to " meet his lasses," but had the tables fairly turned upon them when the Professor himself lopped off the " 1" and made the word " asses." A Scotch statute of 1223 read as follows "It is statut and ordaint that during the reine of her rnaist blissit Magestie, ilk forth year, known as leap year, ilk maiden ladye of baith high and low estate Bhall have liberty to beBpeak ye man Bhe likes; albyit, if he refuses to take her to be wif, he shall be mulcted in the sum of ane poundis (£1) or leBB, as bis estait moie be, except and awiB if he can make it appear that he is betrothed to ane woman, and then he shall be tree." 