OTJR BURGLAR. I fBT EDITH BOBINSOK IN " HABPEB's BAZAAE "1 ".And if you were three girls, an old lady, and a cat, you. would be as frightened as we." These words wound up what I felt to bd the oratorical effort of my life, as, indeed, it •well might be, for did not peace of mind, fortune, nay, life itself, hinge upon it P For Billy our youngest and our pride, was about to lea^e home, having received a business offer too good to decline, but wliieli would unfortunately take him from us, except for an infrequent Sunday. -And with Billy all sense of security departed, for though only seventeen, he was so big and so fearless that we would have matched him against the burglar that was our haunting fear; though our neighborhood had never been molested since the memory of man; though neither friend, relative, nor acquaintance had ever been a victim to a burglarious attempt, and we ourselves had never suffered from the over co veto usn ess of humanity ; though our neigh borhood was probably not set down in the blue-boot of robbers, and our house itself presented a most untempting appearance, thanks to a landlord who held it to be the whole duty of a householder to receive rent. Most families hare a peculiarity. Darwin tells of one which for generations had six fingers and six toes. We were not so afflicted, but our peculiarity was not less a part of every member of our family. From - vonth up we had a mighty conviction we were to be robbed. Still, we had felt no real fear as long as we had Billy and the weapons that, to please us, rested nightly by his side—a, section of a gas-pipe, and a policeman's billy without any lead in it; presumably the latter was efficacious for the moral force that might still linger about it. " I'll get you a revolver," offered Billy. " Six shots. You might hit your man with one of them." But to this proposal there- was a chorus of rejection from Aunt Barlow down- " We should be sure to shoot each other, like those awful stories you read of in- the papers. I would not even take a pistol up by the handle," declared Matilda,- energetically. To the feminine mind firearms- divide themselves into two classes — pistols- and guns. " A dog ? I can get out a- beauty—bull terrier. I'd like to see the man who could get by him. Such a-muzzle !" proposed Jack Walcott. But this, too, we rejected with even more energy than the pistol. I am not sure but what, in our inmost hearts, the burglar seemed preferable to the canine " beauty" that would let nobody get past him. Billy laughed a little scornfully. Our fears were an old subject of mirth with him. Not so did Jack, In his slow, patient way. he sat there smoking and trying to devise -still- another way for our protection. If he could, oply have stayed I with us—for no one could have felt afraid I when Jack Walcott was near—big, burly, and commonplace, and the one man on earth for whom Billy had any- reverence. Some how it always seemed as though, it was his commonplaceness, even more than his muscle and size, that made him such a tower of strength. He lived some distance- from us, but summer evenings usually found him on our porch, smoking always,- talking some times. Jack always fitted in. One reason was, he was not one of those uncomfortable people who always insist upon talking^ and the time none of us cared to talk was on a summer evening. " I shall take the dinner bell to- bed; with me every night," said Lou. " All. the neigh bours have told us to ring it out of the-window if we hear anything." The degrees of our fear might be expressed by positive, comparative, superlative. Loufs was superlative. "To rouse the neighborhood at every mouse you hear! — you will do nothing of the kind," said Matilda, crushingly, who by virtue of a slight seniority undertook to manage Lou and myself. " Then we must get somebody to stay with us," pursued Lou. " I do not stay in this house alone this winter." Lou was always making impossible suggestions, and: leaving them for somebody else to carry out:. The present was instantly scouted. " Oh dear no I" said Aunt Barlow. " Take any one here ? Never!" negatived Matilda, energetically. " One gets used to the angles and corners of one's own family, but a stranger would create perpetual friction. We should hate him in a week." Billy murmured something, we couldn't hear what, but it was not difficult to guess. "Besides," I added, impartially, " I don't think he would take kindly to many of our own peculiar institutions—the sitting-room sofa, with the damaged springs and arms that roll off like a caunon if your unwarily touch it. You did that, Billy," I threw in paren thetically, "and you always said you would mend it, and never have. Is there a lock in this house in running order, a window that does not require a practised hand to open or shut, or a door that shuts as it should ? We are used to skipping the third back step, be cause the landlord won't mend it; but would j a stranger take kindly to that method of des cent P He might like the blinds that fasten one way or the other, and do not have to be nailed according to the season, and a furnace that is not always coming to pieces in the coldest weather, and a front door that has not a gap of half an inch between the door and the sill, and a dining-room where the house has not settled so that there is not an inclined plane you could coast on from the window to the stove," I wound up breathlessly. Apparently our united objections had nega tived the plan beyond question. For full five minutes we sat in silence. Then— " I wonder if be would mind a> cold din ner washing days?" said a voice from the shadowy doorway. " He will not be here to dinner or through the day. that is the best of it," said Matilda thoughtfully. ' "I shall have nervous prostration if we don't have somebody," threatened Lou. " I will not be left alone." "But we will not have just anybody. If we are really to have a boarder, we must have one that will suit us exactly. I will tell you the kind we want " " But they don't keep intelligence offices for boarders," objected Jack. " That need make no difference. He can be found," and leaning back in my favorite low chair I began to give the necessary qualifica tions in our defender. " A thick, brown mus» tache. There is nothing I dislike more than a thin, sandy one. He is to show no suspicion of baldness. What a pity it is so many young men are fasting getting blad ! Easy to talk with, handsome teeth, medium height, and rather slender. There is something positively oppressive in a big man ahout a small house. Durk eyes, too, I never did like pale ones. And be sure his hat is nice. If it is not we ehall hare nothing to say to him," quoting half to myself from my favorite writer, " Virtue may struggle in a bad cravat, But man and nature scorn the shocking hat." And before I reached the end of the last line it dawned upon me to my sudden horror, that I had described somebody the exact opposite to Jack Walcott. But luckily he had not noticed. He was not one who did notioe such things, and, in deed, midway in my description, had begun to oceupy himself in cleaning his pipe, pre» paratory to another good smoke, from the un usual amouBt of care he seemed to be bestow ing upon it, till we were undeceived by his putting it in his pooket and rising. "Not going?" in chorus. Yes, he must. Oh yes, it was early, but he had some writing to'' do at home; and he went off, fondly abeam gianied by Billy to the end of the street, leav ing the promise behind him that he would find the desired' boarder for ue. " Three days later Billy left ns, agreeing with-manly in: difference to come home when he' c< u.d, and write when he had time. Not for worlds; would bur - brother , have had it ap pear, he would want to see-us as much as we should him. His farewell prevent, with a derisive -grin, was ft brass chain for the front-door.- It was received, however, in quite another spirit, and speedily became Lou's greatest comfort, she even putting it up when we were at dinner, or she was left alone for five minutes in broad-daylight. For our Region of Terror had begun, and the brasB -chain was - but one of the many ex pedients the fertile feminine mind—of course it was the invention of a feminine mind—has devised that thieves shall enter not, and at which a burglar with any sense of humor must smile as he calmly stripB the house of its valuables. Every night at sundown we made a round of the house, and locked all the windows we could. Upon those that could not be locked—thanks to our landlord again— were placed flat-irons. The back-doors were likewise secured by a contrivance like a huge hair-pin placed over knob and through key. There were nine of those. Lou had tbem in charge. At bedtime a careful inspection of our chambers was made in a body, not even the cabinets and small closets being overlooked, all' the dresses in the latter being probed, that no man might lurk within their folds. Every night all the silver was placed in a basket and hidden, under a pile of comforters; the few valuables that remained—relics of other days —were stowed away in various odd places. They might almost as well have been stolen, for the next morning we could never remem ber where we had put them, in our terror of the night before, while each of us had a peculiar object for which we cared, and about which our fears tenderly hovered. Eveiy night the last thing, Lou would go to the spare-room closet and look at her best hat. Why, we do not know, unless possessed bythe idea that the buxglar wanted it for his wife. And the visit was as regularly accom panied, on opening the closet door—after the exercise of much strength, for, like the rest of our doors, it did not work right—by shrieks; for, clad in Matilda's best black silk, there confronted her— Harriet. Harriet was the dummy whereon we draped our dresses, after having exhausted each other's patience in our amateur dressmaking. The object of my care was a match-box. I cannot explain that either. It was not a valuable one, only a pretty French design of a trunk, with a pair of boots thrown on top by way of a handle. I did not give it a thought daytimes, but with the approach of darknesB my fears began to gather round it, and by bed-time I could not have Blept if I had not placed my precious match-box in the deepest pigeon-hole of my 6 est underneath a pile of old MSS. Matilda displayed more reason in her fetish, it being a heavy gold watch and chain that had been presented to Daniel Webster by the State of California on its admission to the Union, and that had fallen to her as a heirloom. My sister placed this in her workbox, which with the deepest strategy was left on the sitting room table. It was locked and the key put into the cabinet; this was locked in turn, and so -on through a system of double locking as complicated as Mrs. Pullet's. Where the final key ivas deposited I cannot say, for, like Oliver Cromwell, it never slept twice in the ** same place. And then to bed, to awake countless times through the night with the conviction that a black-masked figure stood by the bedside, and voice was saying "Shpake, and I'll put an ind to yez." Somehow I could never fancy anyone but an Irishman being a'burglar. More than once we were aroused, too, in a way that would have terrified less timid people, for Lou, sure somebody had effected entrance in spite of her nine hair-pins and a chair against every door, would slip quietly out of bed to one of us, and with the idea of displaying great presence of mind, and awaking her quietly, would put her hand fiat on her face. Housed in this manner, of course the victim began screaming, in which Lou would instantly join, thereby convincing her bewildered and terrified victim that something dreadful had really happened. The duet of screams would continue until the others came running in and matters could be explained. In too exasperated moments it occurred to Matilda and myself that the burglar's society would have been preferable to Lou's. Though a whole week had passed by, and we had neither seen nor heard from Jack Walcott, none of ns doubted for a moment but that he would find the original of my de scription. A promise with him, though given half in jest, was still a promise. I was stand- i ing on the porch one afternoon, just before j tea, when he came tramping up the street. I ran down to meet bim, but he refused to come farther than the gate, or where the gate should have been. \- " What is that pretty German stoiy you are J so fond of ?" he began directly—" about the boy who longed for the beautiful rare flower, and set out in search of it, wandering over the world in all its highways and byeways, its trodden places and forgotten corners, till, a worn-out old man, he returned home to find the flower blooming unnoticed beside his own door-stone. Well, I have looked everywhere for your heart's treasure, to find at last I have been staring him in the face for the last two years. He sits at the desk opposite me, hates the city, wants to live in the country, even if he_ has the trouble of trains—so he told me this morning, whereupon it flashed across me he was the man I had been looking for. A nice, quiet young fellow of Beven or eight and twenty." Why was it Jack spoke of men of that age in such a paternal way ? He him self was but a little over thirty. " He want's to come, and I agreed to bring him out to morrow night. You'll be ready for him ? His name ? Oh yes—Walter Forbes." I told the news at the tea table. "Not that we shall like him," I wound up, decisively, and the family echoed with equal force, " We shall not like him." It was ungrateful both to Jack and our protector, but we were too conservative to take kindly to anyone who should break in in the slightest on our man ners and customs. He was but the lesser of two evils. The frying-pan thai was onlv not the fire. We were in a small flutter of excitement all the next day, for our life was so quiet that even the meeting a stranger was an event. True to his promise, Jack appeared in the evening with our defender. He was all that I had requested—nay, I think, demanded—I decided at a glance. That he wbs easy and pleasant to talk with that firot evening proved. Jack was unusually quier, even for him, so Mr. Forbes had the field to himself. After all, I thought to myself, as I prepared for bed —the first time for many weeks I could go to sleep unheeding my match-box— perhaps, after all, we should not exactly hate him. In two days I could say it with more firm ness, for, beyond the blessed security in -which we now lived, Mr. Forbes proved a drcided acquisition to our family circle. He was alwa\ e so pleasant, so obliging, so ready to lend a hand on every occasion, that the first strangeness soon wore off, and we could look upon him as tho mythical elder brother for v lion we had always longed. He won Aunt I»;ix!ow s heart by appreciating her inimitable beef ttewi—that was enough to have obtained her rega-d for a less attractive man. He t ained the vines on the porch with Matilda, plajel and sang with Lou, read German with m And so far from our finding the presence « a stranger irksome, it was of him as of that fa nous statesman, " He was never in the way, and never out of the way." And then the relief of knowing we could seek ou- couches in safety ! It was towards the end of the first month that we were one evening recalling our foolish fears and more foolish .methods of preserving our property. Mr. Forbes had not come. He might be later than usual that evening by reason of making out the monthly accounts, he had told us. And we, who had fallen into the way of looking to his home-coming as a pleasant event, as something to look forward to in our quiet life, could not break ourselves this evening of what had unconsciously be come a habit with us all. So it was 11 o'clock before we. spoke of bed, and then only to re solve we would not retire till Mr. Forbes had returned- Meanwhile we went on with our entertaining chatter about our ridiculous fears. Then it branched oS into burglaries that bad actually taken place within tlie circle of our knowledge, those we had beard of and read about, highway robberies, cunning thefts and daring housebreaking, battle, murder, and sudden death, each of us striving to add some especially thrilling anecdote that might lurk within our brains, to come forth as a cheering subject for midnight conversation. Lou, whose memory for un canny deeds was phenomenal, outdid us alL We had drawn our chairs nearer to each other as she related a particularly dreadful ehost story—we had reached ghosts as the final touch of horror—when there was a clat ter in the dining room. If it had been day time it would have been perfectly clear to ub that Beauty had upset the spoon-holder. As it was we felt 6ure it was the cat (or so we told each other) ; but untold sums would not have tempted any of us alone into that dining room. " It ib just as I have told you all along," said Aunt Barlow. " It is not safe for four women to live alone. Will jou come with me or will you not ?" So, in a band, Lou well behind,, we entered the diningroom, to find that Beauty had indeed been promenading the table. But by that time our fears had reached such a pitch that nothing would do but to count all the spoons, then the forks, end finally to gather up all the silver, and return with it in a hurry to the sittingroom. Some how the diningroom always seemed the focus of our fears. By that time a kind of frenzy came over us, and when somebody—I am not sure it was not I—proposed our getting other of our valuables, it was at once seized upon as a wise suggestion. In a body, Lou bearing the double student lamp (less as a means of illu mination, from her manner of carrying it, than a weapon to be flung at the burglar, who was probably hiding under some bed), we went over the house, collecting every bit of valuable property, even that stored away in odd nooks and corners, Aunt Barlow unearthing her precious gold watch from the recesses of the feather-bed she always would Bleep on, and bringing to light from behind one corner of the carpet the pair of diamond earrings she had promised to the first bride. Matilda clunched the gold chain, and I added a roll of bills, fifty dollars, the pay for a story, the cheque for which I had cashed only that morning, and my match-box. Lou did not adJL any special piece of property, but was of much assistance in reminding us of this or that valuable stowed away in some odd place, or ou' of use so long it had been forgotten. We huddled them in our aprons or over-skirts and returned to the sittingroom to wait for Mr. Forbes. Even in our terror I forgave his laughter when he came at last and found the sitting room presenting the appearance of a pawn broker's shop, with four dishevelled females sitting about in attitudes of disconsolate fear. Even ghost stories had lost their charm for that last half-hour, and in silence had we waited for the footfall of our protector. We could laugh a little hysterical with him in our relief, but begged him, just for that one night, to take our property under his own charge. Lulled, however, by that security, and tired with the excitement and unwonted late hour, we overslept the next morning, and it was two hours past the usual time that we could talk over, at the breakfast table, the terror of the previous night. A little shame mingled with our daylight views, and I think none of us were sorry tliat Mr. Forbes, having break fasted at the usual time, had gone into town. He would be back at his ordinary hour, and we did without spoons and forks at breakfast and dinner, for he had forgotten to leave be hind the key to his secretary. And then Billy walked in in the afternoon, and had so much to tell us that we could only allude briefly to our boarder, and passingly to our excitement of the proceeding night. How eve, Billy knew us. But Mr. Forbes did not come on the usual train, and Jack Walcolt did. He walked straight into the house without ringing, and greeted us with as little ceremony as though he had seen us every night for a month, instead of making^ one brief call. What had come over Jack in that month we had tried to guess, but could arrive at nothing more satisfactory than the humiliating conclusion that Billy had been the attraction for him, and not our charms. "L have some sorry news for you about Walter Forbes," he began directly. " I thought I had better break it to you gently, rather than have you learn it through the papers, knowing how much you were all attached to him. He addressed us all, but his eyes were fastened on me. "Embezzled. Absconded." "What!! !!" It was a fourfold exclamation, and even the one word had not come till after a full minute's paralysed pause. Billy left the room. Something kept us from speaking still. We were trying to adjust our ideas of the universe. Walter Forbes a . Mo we could not say the word even to ourselves. <£ Some mistake turned up two or three days ago, but nothing was said about it to him. Experts were set to work on his books, and it seems he has been helping himself systematically for the last year. He got wind of it somehow, perhaps over the books last night, and ,did not put in an appearance this morning. A sad pity. Such a nice young fellow ! And it is the seventh case that has taken place on the street since spring." With one accord we took out our handker chiefs and began to cry. Ah! I know why I was crying. But why in the world were all the others ciying with equal vigour ? Billy had come back. " I've broken open the secretary," he said. There's nothing there. Will it be a heavy sentence, Jack if they get him P Hope they will. Hot so much as a fork left. I suppose it's safe to be ten years ?" " They'll probably get him. All of ten years." Somehow that idea freed our tongues, and woman-like we proceeded to judge with our feslings, not our judgment. " Poor dear fellow !" murmured Aunt Bar low, " How be must have suffered J" " You heartless buy I" cried Matilda. "Couldn't you t<legraph him, or do some thing ?" anxiously. You don t mean he's taken all our things too?" cried Lou. Billy added nothing. His face was to the window, but his shoulders were shaking. Yet what there was ridiculous in the situation it was impossible to see. " I'll never believe he was to blame. Thev have no business to put such temptation in a man's way. Seven cases! How perfectly dreadful! Charles Lamb saye there i6 an end to eveiy man's honesty, and it wasn't his fault if it was too much for him," I said warmly but incoherently. Jack made no answer. Something, how ever, in his face made me feel that he dis believed Utterly the truth of my somewhat rambling defence. After all was it really Jack Walcott'e common-placentss that made 1.?™ such a pillar of strength. Yes, the long-looked for burglar had come at last, and, as misfortunes are apt to, in an entirely unforeseen form. We never bbw or heard of any piece of our property again. There was a report that Walter Forbes had been seen in South America, and was liked and respected there; and we ate our meals with plated forks, were Btinted in the number of our spoons, and had now no property (o worry over. We never by any chance alluded to our boarder. By common consent his name was banished from our board and beartb, but the reason for that consent we never dwelt upon even to ourselves. Silly, by the greatest exercise of forbearance his young soul had ever known, forbore to speak of him, only his eyes would twinkle' now and then as they rested on the bare sideboard, and Aunt Barlow could never refrain from a por tentous sigh when beef stew was set upon the table. It was a dish we all grew to hate. But, after all, I think the thing I mourn the most is my matchbox. 