IWI) s08 OF l? E.ELDO UIl l. (13Y 'JTI (nos'r.) There are signs that the flood of oratory oet loose by the refusal of Mr. Gillies to profit by the offer of the Opposition, to allow the second reading of the Irrigation Bill to pass without discussion, is sub siding. The measure is essentially one of details, and the debate will therefore naturally take place in committee. Still member after siember rises in the Assem bly to contribute his dribble to the stream of talk, and repeat what has been said by previous speakers-the remarks as a rule not improving upon further acquaintance the Government meanwhile remaining as nute as the sphynx. The Ministry, if they are endeavouring to fathom the drift of public opinion in regard to the bill, must be sorely puzzled, for nearly every speaker has some crotchet of his own ho desires to see incorporated in the measure. l'he Government will nolens volcas be forced to accept the full responsibility of framing the measure, and thus reaping all the udlos, or incurring the entire blame at taching to the. act, according as it may turn out on trial to be either a success or a failure. :Another point has been scored against the. Goverament, the Ministry having been compelled .by the. Opposition to accept a measure granting the electoral franchise to the police,whohave hitherto been debarred from voting. :Messrs. Deakin and Gillies, with characteristic wrong-lheadedness, chose to oppose the bill introduced by Messrs. Shakel and Madden, but their colleagues perceived the temper of the House in time, and averted defeat by bowing to the force of circumstances, and allowing the second reading of the measure without going to a division in which the Government would assuredly have been badly beaten. The lesson conveyed to Mr. Gillies on •'uesday may perhaps teach that autocratic gentleman that he hasi neither a very numerous nor very obedient following, and cannot carry out his intentions in the ligh-handed . manner affected by the Serviee=Berry coalition, and that"there are in truth coalitions and coalitions., There" inia' 'after' 'all be some 'closer connection than the world generally thinks between Mr. "HI. Do Beanmont," haias Henry Bryant, the hoaxer" of the Age 6n the occasion of the first Rusiian' scare, and his Imperial Mfajesty:tlhd Czar. Synchronously with the' reappearance of fr. Bryant in society, aftor a' rtiro ent o'f five 'years in H.I. estublishlin'eiiit sit 'entridge, we have news of Bussiia tearinig up the Treaty of Berlin. by declaring Batoum no longer i free port, and' flinging the pieces in the face of Europe., Perhaps the Muscovit'anutocrat has learned through his " friend" that our Victorian Militia is. no logeir commahded by Colonel 'Sargood, 4nd thart'threa others of our most diistin unished warriors have relinquished tlje trade of arms and accepted the post of Civil Service Commissioners. Who knows but that the news that we cannot afford, owing to short supplies of ammunition, to let our defenders have more than fifty car 'ridges a-piece for practice during the year, may not have been telegraphed to tlio Emperor Alexander, and havd in flamed his desire for conquest. Now that the "Count ,do Beaumont" has regained iis liberty' Russia" should be: closhly Vatched. The Age might.perhaps, udder thde the duty, j The experience of mostpersons who have recourse to the law for the redressal of their' grievances 'and' find' 'that their last state is worse than their first is not'being horne out in the instance of Mr. Valentine Browne.: That lucky individual has just scored' another legal victory. Successful in his action' for libel" against Melbourne Punch, ' from the 'pro prietors of which periodical he obtained 8200 in" 'the 'shape ' of " damages, and beat a 'second time on appeal to a higher tribunal;' hlie btained a verdict from the Full Court against the Civil Sere vie...Commissioners. who wrongfully" Ais pensed with his services, and has now irduced the Court to refuse the 'peimission to appeal to the Privy Council the Govern ment were 'deoirous of obtaining. Yet, perhaps, after all Mr. Brown may not be at the end of hies troubles. 'he law officers of,'the Crown have tlie advantagpe 'of' fighting ' their battles'vithl' other people's money, and are not, it is said, prepared'to acquieso without afurther struggle in' the' decision of the Victorian Law Courts. If Parliament does not'inteivdne to 'stop tihem, they intend' petitioning..the Privy Council to hear their appeal, despite the refusal 'of the local judges...They would act more wisely by g•~acefully accepiting their defeat and aueiding the Civil Service Act where it has' been 'shown to be 'defective. But Lessrs.: W'rixon and Cuthbert, who respectively hold the positions of Attorney and Solicitor-General, are not famed for wisdom, and as there is always a chance in iaw proceedings, and indulgence in them will personally cost them nothing, they may elect to carry the matter further. The various Orange lodges of the colony were unusually demonstrative on the 12th inst., the last anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne and their proceedings were rendered more than usually important by the countenance openly afforded them by a number of members of Parliament. Of these the most demonstrative were un doubtedly Meosers. J. B. Patterson and J. Munro. The mantle of Mr. R. Richardson, the gentleman of Fish Creek fame, who no longer adorns the front benches of the Legislative Assembly, has since that gentleman, who 'occupied the position of Grand Iaster of the Orange Lodges of Victoria, fallen on the member for Castle maine, who by the way,is the only member 6f i the Legislature who has the courage 'boldly to avow his connection with the order. 'Other "honeurable" members have now done so, in a mild, apologetic sort of "ay, evidently with a view of deprecating the ire of a soction of the voters through whbse instrumentality they attained their seats. But tlhough events march quickly in :Victoria, their conduct will not be forgotten soine thirty months hence, and Moldiy, July 12, will cause more than one of the smaller legislative fry to bid a long farewell to legislative greatness, and afford them leasure for ruminating on the wisdom of the adage that asserts the unsisdom of kicking down the ladder which has helped to enable one to clamber into high places. There is apparently, in the old country, quite as 'nuch inclination to grease the fat pig, as there is 'in democratic Victoria. Iutit must nevertheless come as a surprise to many that Sir WVilliam Clarke, our first and only- Victorian Baronet, should have becis selected by one of thie most ancient seats of learning in the world, as the re ciplent of the honour of tihe degree of D.C.L. Sir William is neither an orator nor a statesmuan, nor has hq' hitherto taken an aetivepartor been cotslicuaus on the political stage. His sole clsiite to distinction is his wealth, and hIis readiiess, in season, and out of season, to " slidhit champagne," and it will doubtless-when he once more takes his seat in the Legislative Council (chaubor--sound as strange to himself as it ivil'to others to hear himself alluded to as " the honourable and 'learned' member.'" 'The conference of the distinction honss'is cansa, only shows what may happen to a Victorian in England I Juily 17. 