PINS. Cum gravo salis. " I ám mightily abused. N iw step I forth to whip hypocrisy." So write one Will Shakespcre. and it is just wii.it I feel now, when 1 haul out tlie tatting humbug who has been blathering, and winning, and bullving, and s ift-s.iwdering alterna'ely these last twelve or four te m years -first under one name then ano'her, just as ciieumstinces would permit. Tiie " Darbv Kelli " days are over-th it norn de plume is too infernally papistical just now ; aud lienc" this ha idy-billy-this mud-walloper goes in for " Hivli," "Stray Inaves.'' " To.vn T .Ik," and all other «orts of tilk but common set set ilk. Tittie-T ittle, during Christ nas week was a little more exciting than ordi îarily \- fiib*. because the writer had a better subject thin usuiltofleal with -your own fami i ir ; and secondljybecause there were more cakes i an 1 ale about than Usual- incidental upon a plethora of five bob ad's. No wonder one get's a bit cocky when one bri igs out a sheet al nunick-all by one's self--in wuieh lies aro printed broade ist ; no wonder, I say, that one can grunt as one waddles al >ng, ano si ake up the coppers in tine's pockets, when one is " Thoroughly Independent," when one imagines he's a printer ; and as for being a biack- mith, no body with a grain of sense ever thoinht he was-for a mm to he a black-mith niu>t work rather than finesse. God bless us! mav all h mest m -n exclaim, when o ic reads the glaring assertion that one I possesses " principles" and is " thoroughly independent"-"doing as ore likes" and " sworn to no master"-which is rather lough on printer's br ikers, as weil as being a b ick biiiiied slap at somebody elso. I alvviys thought the Herald, the JVoos, the Town and Gumtree, the Protestant Standard. Freeman, the IVeikly Advócate, the Cunxherland Mer- cury, the Bulletin, and a lot of other papers, le ivjng out the Chronicle, had a pretty wide circulm >n up this way, but I find tint, unitedly, the while bilin' of'em don't come up to the only rag in the district. And yet pe iple say this lomancer is not religious, and that t'iere is no bereifter where a man may riceive the benefit of his wordy nivonti ins. The publication of said alman ick gtvt s the lie direct to those heretics an J papishes who have said that the "Tattler" was not religious. No one but a reugious mancuuld have had the pluck print so many lies m so small a space. But I find that this new "vert to Protestantism is quite wroth (frothy I should say) at the dare-devil attempt of vour own poor devil-upon-two-sticks to" st ;£ " jdjs'l; in this much " beslavered" on i * (bv s. . e people) morals. How patheti ' f s his readers that he " belongs to that good ol I stock who believes in a Supreme Being." Of course, a man's ancestors sometime prove a thorn in one's side, and sometimes thev don't. A man may come in a direct line fioin Cain, for instance-as straight as an irrow ; or from Korah, Ahah, Ju las, Ana- nias or B irabbas, or any other gentlem m not-d in Jewish history. Then, it is on re c ird tint the chosen ones did not a!>ca?/s w >r ship the Supreme Be ng, but, on the contrary ' -as a good manv of 'em do to- day-the Golden Calf. After telling us how good he is, th.s son of a "good old stock"' hts out 'hit he " knows of things in tlrs district which ought to have, if prosecute 1, haded the perpetrators in gaol." Now this is is much is s ivmg that Justice, or the mvrmidons of Justice, hive been either blind or inefficient; b it, O, whv ' good man, having the fear of (rod before thee, di ls't not peich, as thoa shoulds't hue done? for there is no v irtue in scieening villainy-but perhaps the old adage cd've in here, " There's honour anión T_ printers who are not blacksmiths." It i3 re lily refreshing to hear so rt solute a consti- tuí oua'ist; aud devout Pr itestant r fer with such evident relish to what ho is p'eased to term my " Atheism"-and I am he ir'iy glad he hon lured my so-called negation with a cap. But really he does me an honour I am not entitled to, for, though I hive tackled a good many things with varied succ-s-, I haye never yet stumped round the country as a lecturer either upon Spiritualism, or Atheism -not even on cold water, much less pad the hoof as a speculative cindidate for Parlia- ment. Any how, whatever I may have heen I am not ashamed of ; and in any one thin"" I have ever undertaken, I have alwavs passed muster with ere lit, and am game to tackle this Tattling Windbag at anything- bar a few little qualifications peculiarly his own - and lick him with hands down. I don't want to go so far back to find out my ancestors whoever they'were, they were honest men, and game to the back-bone. Your genuine Saxon is neither tiaitor, nor sneak, and sells not ins principles for sequins. He is loth to be'ieve any man irredeemably bad ; "ml the idea if being permanently at eumitv with auy man, is repulsive to his nature ; but when li" finds out a genuine skunk, he knows how to value him, and treats bim accordmglv. " Atheist" that this clever, split-hoofed wriggler and his long visaged, yallery-j iun dery looking friends esteem me to b», I have been ( ind can go agiin) where he dared not show bia snout-for as sure as fate, had such an uncanny looking mug appealed, it would have been singled out and condigned to prompt punishment. Some day some un- known bones would have bean found "full thl,ty fathoms under ground," or they'd have gone off in fine powder with the quartz tail- ings out at the Chilli.m Mill. Coming to grave digging, it was never my lot to bury a Jew-unless it might have been »orne poor devil who fel! in strife and was buried as ha fell, his kith and kindred not known - though it is h ird to say what m^y occur to one be- fore he " shuffles off ibis mortal coil" ; it may yet be my lol to perform such a benevolent office-it is hard to say ; but if it is, and I happen to know who's who, depend upon it, the job shaJl be well and truely done-so well, that that it'll take forty trumps extra to fetch him up as some of his ancestors were on the day of the crucifixion. As I have said, though I bave bad no experience among the ; j de.nl sons of Abraham, I have suocriiltendedi -álE at an}* rate, the " planting" rof several notor- -^Ç ious criminals- bushrangers, murderers attd "*" others-though I haven't the slightest idea who performed a similar office many years ago at Diugh-Boy's Hollow-whether 'twas done by professional hands or whether there was no burial at all-bat the finish left to the crows* When one has kinsmen, or hap- pens to have had ancestors, one likes to hear of (hen being interred decently, and not rooted about bv dogs as Jezebel was, or their bones picked as were Hanum's. It is a very small matter, however, how the thing was, and I have mentioned it simply as a circum- stance well-known in colonial histiry. By the way, there was nothing extraordinary or fresh in the poor nun's screed, fir everybody knew al! about it-what was cmiing, who was going to get " particular hell" and so on. For was it not chattered about at street cor- ners, guffawed at under verandahs; and did not m dignam, narrow-minded sectaries lay their undenizod conks together to chuckle at what wa« coming for the " A'heist"' ^the terror of their souls i and the " S.vunfc Bri- gade" ? Certainly, every one of us knew ail about it, for the fumiliirs who were in the portentions secret c mldn't k.cp their guts ia -not thev ! any more than tiny could their dcl'ght, when they rushed head-long to cer- tain holes and cornets where the rag is kept on view ^ i read and i clean shave for a tin- ner) to read the nrgli»}'' article written by the " cleverest man in the district" ; knocking Tom Slattery, the Pope and Cirdnnl Moran into ten million pieces of tinder ; a-, also, the bril'iant satire upon that unco-guid spirit up- on two sticks, who won't leave Pope" Billy alone nor his zealous and faith fui Jewish lickspittle. Everybody knew all about the thunder clap tint was coming, and were much dis ipnointed, after all, in finding such a vvreiched, poverty- stricken agglomeration of woids and phrasos strung together in a whin- ing, cringing style-minus wit, minus logic. Siiisij nnnliness-ever\thing; and yet, over tim sidy product! m men (so called) were hyi erica! and got up a ghost of laugh, which made 'em all look almost as ugly as the sitainsque pcrsonag- they fear-not admire, mind vou, but positively fear-fear as thev have alw ivs d »ne-a " thing of shreds and patch?«." To wind up, 1 will just give y o J. a spcciuie i of Thompson Square boethry just to show y jil how the muse luxuriates o« the gr.ns in that classic region. The tw<» sta/.is I send you aie two of a fathom or&oof; rigmarole-of soft-sawder, ladled out to "our subs, adverti-ers, correspondents, &e;" ; but the two I send along, as yiiu will see, ar¿ meant for other people-such as "Atheists'' ('* B.ack-legs and swindlers," also, nodouht) and the " >kunk Brigade" generally. My atteulion h is been attracted to this " Hoo biooming-rav" drivel, not so much by the originality displayed in the construction of the verse, as in the boastful and characteristic utterances of the writer : Just fancy ! '. We fear no foe, we stand alone ' To no party are we tied ; Our «tar with lustre e'er has shone, Tho' we've been oft belied. »" But we can laugh within our sleeve, For thinks t"> independence ; An i i..¡h' -i toar tri .sc<r.¡ !? "ce." ;-/ 'ik f.o A .,. t. 3ti.>uia have been sent to the " Bully-tin," or stay, say the Quarterly Review, or worked up with some of Sladen's or Ivy Boyd's. But shrivel up your iitt!<; souls, yre " partymen," you can't get at the big, booming sOul that reigns supreme in hi transcendence. Ha, ha, ha ! bring up an ither pig to he shaved, never mind tlid Jews. It this master of arts and manners w,.i lis awhile I'll a>k him, by way of good by::, w 1: o - " Trainetl your apt nature sordidly to think, And foinied you for a Swiss of pea and ink ; Taught you when Mired to side w-th wit, or fool, To turn a statesman's, nay, an author's tool, And ci urn and libel all who write or ruts : Content with infamy so cash begot, Still blotting on lill all your Lie's a blot." Now, who s T. O. M. everv'h >dv (oarticu larly the Inspector of Nuisaucs) wants ti know? Tom, evident!} , is a gentleman < n d »wed with a probocis of somewhat elephan- tine dimensions, fir it mu-t have cone int> c'o-er c m'act with the mmv stinks of our turn, than those of us who live heie and hive noses tif normal length. But then, we aie CiSc-hirdened, for do we not breathe H, eat it, ami sniff it up every diy we live ? Wiuri. does T. O. M. live; m what city or suburb, tnat he can so smartly detect the aro » i of our several green-siiiuod deid cat holes? F >r really, whe i I go from the bmks of the Hiwk^sbury donn Sidney wiv, Xjivt.n-.n, Burwood, or even ve andiente Bol'nigh, I oin alwais smell bigger stinks tiian I do birt - but tint's just where it is, slinks d iï r m tlegree just as men's noses do-and litre, I notice, that l\ O. M. after i'l, is oil\ a novice in the ait of smtiiing, for he never defined a. single stink oy name. When a mm wrte« upon stinks he should have a nose elie.nie illy p rfect-that is, be able, at a single sniff, tu leil us the nature of each odour, its diemicai composition and so f »rtli ; then our Inspector and Aldermen would know what to do. Your contributor refers to Rome-Ancient aud modern. No doubt modern Rome has a fair share of stiaks-though it eau hardly come up to Cologne with its sevenU-tw* distinct stenches, as Coleridge bath it. Let's see, how goes Samuel Taylor's rhyme? "In Koiiln a town of marks and bones, And pave.nents f.ng'd with murderous st mes, And rags and bags, and hideous wenches, I counted two and seventy stenches, And well defined dud genuine stinks I Ye N}inphs that reign o'er sewer and sink, Tne mer Rhine, it is well-known, L'oth wash your citv of Cologne , But tell n e, Nymphs' what power divine Shall henceforth wash the river Khine ?" Now to comptre Windsor to a city of that de- scription would he ltLel'ou*-although c »n sidenng that Cologne is famous for tue scent f tctone» of the equallv famous Eugene Rim- mel, one may furly supp se that Coleridge's nose, like our Inspector's, was out of order, and couldn't appreciate a good thing when he smell ed it; just as many another onn would as soon be m Rome s big Cloaca, as ina close press of a much bem.Jsn.ed md eau-de eologned feminine crowd. Probably Rome's subterranean Sáwer is a s«veot smelling one, or else why, m the name of assafoetida, girlie :".d hu, - -, s'ir.u ' the o. ! pi .jan ti. >m Liven n, . t a a goddess {Co ic. .P ) i J \ r - . s; le r r u te impurities ejeced out of tie <itv bv 'he way of the clo-ca { This terni, Í nae i, I mav also remark, is jestingly used i i Ho ne for the mouth of a drui.kaid (which, heil i ionists will please make a note of). Anvl. iw, when C dendge, cou d he all astray in his u'-i'ity to »mell correctly, snrch it may be p i ! i i Ji'e in a poor untraveLud, uuchcra ,i j.1', I ispcctor of Nuisarccs-or even T O 'I. hi im'f. In the m ittcr of p.ivi <j, \our'" -ej eiiing at.il loiig-sinelling «-ciihi is ¡ <.u ti. i Jit Ac nt ; he is .ill theiC -an ( ii his uee ' nsnot b'ch Aiderman P.i'»Mo«e, 1 | sh I'I f sj^pri-.d. There is not much difl- j tultv . eiscovvring thesttte of Windsor's* \ .ithw sth.it is a nutter of eve si¿hi | I vviM ? e tin nose a spell - wtll, one m ¡y I a . wel . o k< cp up the thread of t've "subjict, \- y, a /i Í/) and as most of our A rK roieu tia. s¡ i eta. , thtre should be no d ffiju'tv m spo'ti ti., se»blemishes T. O. M. so aptly p. i ils i -it. Neither should there i1' ti e ni liter <>! ti e - i ks, for most of the Counci lors are Í rlv \i !i et iowid m the nntti r of ins ,1 protnh. .i.i c-ii ii LOU I coe, . to ti. ink ol it, ti - lu cor is not - w'ich s, ubi !» ? i d, iv .. tt) ' MI vvh n di v 'ting Im a Ti i i "a t tit- be u'.i > Clo .ni i. I i < t t. .r c i ' i it u' i u sp, ,ks ot hi h MI ' - vv i k > ,,r d n ' , IT, lu MT' \ di nt i ; . < u in 'u Vi i i it L > i . ti 1 o. i ou- to v un g ' i V i 1," on so M o- .1 t l 11! . ti 1" i . si i' i _r, lil luv ' j ' N ' ii ' u id lim' > i' h re, I ? i su , w . I bi 1 ". InMiu ' ' ii- i'a; he ! i IIM l s i\ s it is i ": e, t m ' b , ii e I i . -v» >-. O i * ? . ii: I H ." ' . T O. M » .v s " ' in ' i ti - 11 - -don or C. urch" : I v ' \ t .ii.r li ' I » H i in sti -1 n Gi i rg». i it - . i .1 .ii ai te-y i M i, ,'t tin - I v ' i ( li ri1' h hu a t lor i ci ' » .hiit j t N w in P Ir un »li n i i in i t md Cnui i ii » u pu iiii I i t i"c i r, Mi sMs \\\ "ii i 1 l-o rvOoiiivaiv ititi c -i eu n 'lil I IV , | it s v, o v -it | c N iinlv I . s it -nev r i n , ii s t p ti r c lg( -? unitwi n ¡->-ii "t - i n t i n s i i t to brt ik i t iif. , 1 cn n t d < i i s k - ' l-h ll.'tU II. I lOIII O H vv nk , 1 ' 1 ti 1! v , ! sr , t i i - i n I C) M i i Il IV l - t I \ i t n e i v i -t iri!1" vriis ^ - . i, ' i i Li i n n l i 1 t*-> +,n i»in '' ^ D / \ J s 1 i t ) I Iss 11 11 _ I 1 Ol , g C I 1 il (it \\\ I U .. - 1 11 t > m s o tj i a[ i 1 "i tt n n ih K - i i it t b.ej -( " i (. . n u*s " i-i-N 1 ti _- j i \ ?> 1 1 h 1 lil V^il t ' 1 1 I I 1 j h ive (j u e siid I h 1 / Il it ¡ii dow n ' up ni Vi D i I s I i li ill . 1 J ig- thiou_ i m* ti w11 1 ' i t . t t Vi v l'nl. t .*?' i it s 1 h ,dn ig j L nt a munni t m n'nvi ! on'v In > i v s Liil'i mt a hu v cm it m 11 v i i_ io .ne s juilaii bu lue- vv laen 'vticbo nie Iel-qiapU acqm >.ced in). Faike-, was i p mon to them-in fact, they bicked up A m From theil' o-wlT editorial region-s ti _? i up to Ai"g}"Ie to oppo-e him. But as si.u.nMi. Dibbs s -rg'.it to re .'i-*nt t !iis ?i ot >n ,i . i IL : .-.. u." ,* I .in in i agi , : ti. ? ii bl ' w ,n , ' . .. 1-11 ' . , s 11 i ,,| - 1\. .» e L u i:n: iii h ."? tT upon. v 's f : , i -. i ,r m b t ¡ s-.!, s 1 ,1 i',1 li , . , O, .- 11 111 Ml 1 ., , t 1 : v.- i , I 1 ! h of Olli i is (. Di I« i jt a t t c j i c lit I i, ( f li i qu i ^ t>m v 'as 1 ' ' l'i e- ) I i hi, li a i Í s in l t ii ' (.uri is j t | 'ti ott _ 'ii n as Mr \v M W ri ' t v e n n ' i d 1 i i i i liri li t u i e i M is r i - t ' on «ft i w r ! > »r Ii - | Mi \ u_J m li i I >i i i h t t \\\ ir , h li \ i s a m in f gre it pr m ii II s* ti u h 1 b- O M ^ I I lit t i « \ 1 I c i Li as i n gi ti i v 1-s gi o b v s c r i v t us ul m m, and ru g t be in ifn t in tn i li in s ¡ut si b i d ii itt c ii a j v ICI bin o Mr A tb > t- -es[Kt - t n tn ii j i e n - i n ti 'it 1 ki i p t ' \1 gul io G i s one \u h v t It its I cou IM v ir m i mud ii 1 t in rj cn ti k t Dai j J tie i ' r Joi _ it 1 v i est t i i i -t a tonri in on 1 lu i is Pitinnr, vntii in ah t f ' vi 0 it li iiitk fir iii» n kí o gr itii v u_, i | et vv I TI f h ii ow n i t foi mu t tv î t m p s b'e Yiiiiistrv 1 nt i igrapli h s at' pt d neu! er a t'ignifitd nop 1 I dei n let te n Se, in 1 vv ti ti h tvi d ne vtll to I iv foil ivved in the Hciards w ikt, í r h w i VÍ r G i si rv itiv e tint p iper m tv be, i«- ' s ictt 1 ti riv uni mipartiallv lhrou0hout t1 who e tr ul 1 . AßMODElß. 