Tales, Etc. FRANK O'MEARA, THE ARTIST OF COLLINGWOOD. CHAPTER VIII.—(Continued.) BY BARON NA CARRIAG. THH crowd of small boats along the ship's side, which were' filled with pleasure seekers •and visitors looking for friends or relations •on the Red Jacket, together with the noise «nd bustle of those already on board, covered Jerry's departure in a manner that was very consoling to that individual's feelings. When they had rowed nntil they might have been about a mile from the ship, Mr. Major ran up the sail and stood off for St. Kilda. There was a very light breeze at the time; therefore, before they reaohed that beautiful town, Mr. Major had time to explain to Frank that he had come over from Melbourne to St. Kilda to spend the day there, and had heard byohance of the arrival of the JSed Jacket. Nothing could have been more fortunate, aB he easily procured the use of a •boat for the trip. ' And now,' said Mr. Major,' here we are again! with old Norton under our feet at laBt! or antipodes has no meaning. Any news from that quarter after I left, Frank ? Did Fanny let you leave in eilence and tears, without a word of comfort ? Come, Frank, tell me all about how you left Mullabawn ? I would bet a crown she sent you a word of farewell, at least.' 'You are right, Mr. Major,'replied Frank, ' I had a communication from Miss Lorton ; indeed, I had two letters from her ' ' HurrahAm I not a prophet, Frank ?' ' In her last,' continued Frank, ' she expressed her regret that you had come in for a share of the parental displeasure.' ' I should expect that, and no less, from her noble character,' interposed Mr. Major. ' Now, I muBt confess to you. Frank, I have often puzzled myself, sinoe I left, in trying to discover who should really be blamed for bringing abont the- whole business. Whether was it Miss Lorton, yourself, or I? There is the rub. At present I am inclined to balance the blame equally, just as " my lady" did ; only the conspiracy was wanting. But touching those letters, Frank, can I seo them, or are they private and confidential ?' ; Well, as to that,' said Frank, 'I think I shall take your opinion—confidentially, of coarse—here they are.' 'Take the helm,Frank,until I read them. Number one is short, sharp, and mysterious. What did you say to that produotion P' ' I make a olean breast of it,' rejoined Frank, 'I was like my unole, when his mettle was raised, I said more in reply to that than I should have dared to say in my cooler moments. In fact, I let out the secret— which I had tried to hide so leng; and let it out too without one spark of sentiment.' Now, as our readers have not had an opportunity of perusing the second letter from MisB Lorton to Frank, we shall allow them to reg.d it along with Mr. Ben Major. As that young gentleman ran his eyes over its contents, his face assumed a look of astonishment and gratification, which was wonderful to behold, and very pleasing to his friend Frank besides. The letter ran as follows :— ' DEAB FRANK,—In commencing this note, I drop the formality of style in which mine of^this morning was necessarily couched. I do so partly for the reason that I cannot allow you to carry away with you the impression that it is any pleasure to me to know you have been banished, and partly because I do not want to get rid altogether of a foolish admirer. My inquiry was made to satisfy papa—to supply aa explanation he had demanded from me touching your painting; and, besides, to gratify a little curiosity I felt myself on the subject. 'I now beg to assure you that your oandour was so little displeasing to me that, following your example, I too will be candid, and, at the risk of being considered foolish by ' a foolish admirer,' I now venture to promise that, when Frank O'Meara revisits his native land, he will Hud Fanny Lorton free, and independent enough to appreciate the admiration he may feel in her regard ; and perhaps' (unless he stayB away too long) willing to supply a little of that encouragement he regrets was wanting. Meantime I shall wait, and pray for your welfare and sucoeas. ' FANNY.' ' P.S. Write me afew words acknowledging this; but do not write from abroad, as your letters might fall into unfriendly hands. I can always hear of you through your uncle. I regret much that Mr. Major was treated BO harshly ; and if opportunity offers, please say I expressed as muoh. 'F.' When Ben finished reading this letter, he gave expression to his feelings in a most demonstrative manner. After he had calmed down a little he exclaimed : 'So, Frank, my boy, that's the way of it! Allow me to congratulate you! Give me your hand, young fellow! What a comfort it would be to Mrs. Lorton's heart to read that letter! By George! Frank, you are in far a prize ( Fanny Lorton is the best and the bravest girl, and the most beautiful too, in all your oountry j and there are many splendid girls there, I know. Now, Frank, you must put your shoulder to the wheel, and toil hard here in order to win Fanny; for it would never do to bring her down to ' love in a cottage.' It's very pretty and poetical that cottage idea, but it would not work well. The squire's carriage and the dashing pony would trouble your dreams in it. But keep your spirits up, Frank ; there is every chance here, and no felonious landlord to carry off what honest men would not touch. Come now, join me in Mackay's song; you are no ultra-sabbatarian, and I cannot express my present feelings in Anything so consoling as a song:— ' Cheer ! boys, cheer! no more of idle sorrow; Courage, true hearts, shall.bear us on our way; Hope points before, and shows thp bright to-morrow. Let us forget the darkness of to-day; So farewell, England, much as we may love thee, We'll dry the tears that we have shed before ; Why should we weep to sail in search of fortune ? So farewell, England, but not for evermore. ' Come now, Frank!— 'Cheer! boys, cheer! for country, mother country; Cheer I boys, cheer! the willing strong right hand; Cheer I boys, cheer! there's wealth for honest labour; Cheer I boys, cheer ! for the new and happy land.' _When Ben came to the chorus, and Frank joined in it, poor Jerry, who lay all the time quietly, on the bottom of the boat, then raised his head, and strank in with suoh effect that Ben turned his eyes on him with wonder and amazement. Frank, having heard Jerry sing on one or two occasions on the lied Jacket, was sot of course much surprised at the singular beauty of his voice ; but it waa not so with Ben Mujor. He had never heard one so beautiful before. Indeed, Jerry's voice was one of the greatest beauty and compass, and naturally infused much feeling into whatever he sang that required that quality. On the present oocasion, Ben was so favourably impressed with Jerry's voice and Btyle that he nailed on him to lead in the next part of the song. 'Get up, young blackbird,' cried Ben, ' and pitch it stroBg! you are a musical youtb, I can see.' Jerry cautiously raised bis head above the gunwale of the boat, evidently for the purpose of reconnoitring bis position. When he had satisfied himself that he was at a safe distance from the Red Jacket he brought his body into a sitting pOBture, and took up the song, as requested by Ben Major. ' Cheer! boys, cheer.! the steady breeze is blowing, To float us freely o'er the ocean's breast; The world shall follow in the track we're going, The star of empire glitters in the west. Here we had toil, and little to reward it, But there shall plenty smile upon onr pain; And ours shall be the prairie and the forest. And boundless meadows ripe with golden grain. ' Now, captain J— Cheer! boys, cheer,! for country, mother country Cheer! boys, cheer J the willing strong right hand ; Cheer ! boys, cheer! there's wealth for hqnest labour ; Cheer I boys, cheer! for the new and happy land. Jerry's invitation to the ' captain' was, however, totally disregarded, that young gentleman being so intently engaged in the study of the singer's voiee and expression that he could not, for the life of him, comply. CHAPTER IX. BTTNNING- A BAOB. WHEN Jerry Doolin concluded the song Ben Major turned to Frank, and inquired, with evident curiosity in his manner, what rank his protege held on board the Bed Jacket. 'Oh! bedad,' interposed Jerry, 'Mr. O'Meara can tell you that I waa nothin' but a supernumerary in the kitchen; and I think he will tell you, too, that I discharged my duties in that undignified, but highly useful, position wid great credit to myself, and mutual benefit to all concerned. I was on what they call the "free list;" and havin' given in the way of service and duty days as good as two sixpences for a shillin', I looked upon myself as at liberty to make myself scarce when I got the chance. And now that I can breathe freely, and have liberty to spake, I beg to tinder to yourself and Mr. O'Meara the heartfelt thanks of an humble bey from Ireland j a hard-workin', industerin' boy, bearin' the name of Jeremiah Doolin. Jerry's, indeed, the name I'm best known by, and when you come to know me, captain, as I trust you will, you'll not be sorry for the acquaintance. Arrah, is there anything you could give me to do, captain darlin', that would keep a poor boy wid a dacent rag on him, and a bit to eat ? sure, if there is, I'm at your sarvice. I think Mr. O'Meara will tell you that I'm as ready as the handle of a jug, ready wid my hands as well as my tongue ; and, thin, there's another thing, whiniver you'd happen to be in low spirits, I could sing you one of the old country lilts; and, more betoken, I'm mighty fond of thim myself. Faith, I think it runs in the blood, for my mother, God rest her! was beautiful at the caoin, and some of the old airs that stir the heart more than all their books of larnin' and logic.' 'Do you endorse the character this precious youth gives of himself, Frank?' inquired Ben Major. - • Well, in the main, I think it is not far from the mark,' said Frank. 'Jerry certainly conducted himBelf well on board, and earned a good name on every hand. In fact, both officers, and crew, and passenger* set him down at AI; and I believe be stands at that figure in my own estimation. I heard a little ef hiB personal liiBtory besides, and I must say, indeed, that I sympathise with him • brothers in misfortune, Mr. Major ' • Now, Frank, drop that " Mr." business. Between you and me, this ie a free country, and we are friends. Here one man is as good as another, and, aB one of your countrymen somewhere observed, "a great deal better." Let it be simple " Ben " in future; and now, Frank, go on ; " brothers in misfortune," I think you wore saying,' Frank nodded his head in acquiescence, and proceeded : ' 1 forget, now, what mUBty old quotation I was going to introduce; but I understand he has been under the rerew, as well as myBelf; and " fellow feeling makes us wondrous kind," you know.' ' I do know, Frank, and although I hailfrom the other side of the " herring pond" —I'm going to make a speech now,BO attend —although I am " Saxon," and profess to be tolerably inclined towards the practice and precepts of our common Christianity, I feel sometimes, notwithstanding, an intense temptation to curse both the screw and the driver. Now, Frank, that venerable housekeeper your uncle Brian has supplied me once with an example which I was strongly tempted to follow, but didn't.' ' How was that?' inquired Frank. '"Bad luck to them, God forgive me," was • the rather unique prayer she offered up ; and I confess, when I heard it (I was under the screw then myself, you see), I felt somewhat in the position of Mahomet's coffin, suspended as it were between earth and heaven. But truce to politics ; allow me to say, Jerry Doolin, Ben Major is most happy to make your acquaintance, atid lie shall be very much mistaken in his estimation of you if you do not make " a dacent rag to wear and a bit to eat" in this great free oountry, as well as the pick of us.' ' God bless you, Oaptain Ben,' cried Jerry, 'I am the luoky boy that can call you friend ; and it was a lucky day I met you both; and I promise you that if iver I can in any way repay your kindness, I won't be the boy to go behind the bush in a pinch.' 'All right, Jerry! Here we are at St, Kilda at last. Lend a hand to tihove her up the beach, Jerry! That's it, my blackbird.' ' Now, Jerry, shoulder that trunk!' Jerry seized the trunk, and was about hoisting it on his shoulder, when a nan in the garb, of a Oustom-house officer suddenly made his appearance, and called on him to ' stand.' If a ghost had appeared before Jerry, he could not have looked more frightened. • The idea that seized him was, that this was an emissary from the Red Jacket, , and that he was going lo take him prisoner. As soon as thaa thought struck him, be resolved to give ' leg btfil,' as he termed it, and, dropping the trunk on the sand, he started off at the speed of a greyhound. The officer, thinking it a most suspicious case, instantly started in pursuit. The crisp, white sand on the beach offered a splendid course for a race, and for the space of five minutes the contest was certainly a moBt exciting one. It was evident that the representative of the revenue department at St. Kilda was an expert runner j but he laboured under the disadvantage of being a heavy man; consequently, his weight began to tell against him, as the race was prolonged; Now, Jerry was light and sinewy, and, although he did not run with Buch fw-ce as his pursuer, ho kept up the rate of Speed more evenly. The finishing touch, however, was given to the pursuit by a very simple incident. A small boat had been made fast by a line that ran across the beach, and ssi the bow of this boat rose in the gentlo swdl of the tide, it tightened the line, and ocoa-, sionally raised it a few inches off the sand. Happily for Jerry, just as the Custom-house officer reached this spot a malioious wftve lifting the boat braced the line in the nick of time to catch his foot j so down he went head foremoEt on the soft sand- Before he could put himself in proper running trim again, the fugitive was so far ahead that the officer reluctantly gave up the chase, and returned to look after the trunk. Mr. Ben Major, who had enjoyed the race beyond anything he had witnessed for a long time, kep.t up a running fire of encouraging phraBeB to Jerry, as long as he remained io reach of his voice—such as, ' go it Jerry ! bravo, blackbird I Hoorah ! my young covey,' etc. When the revenue officer's catastrophe took place, Ben ley down on the sand, and laughed in such a provoking manner that Frank, who had stood rather puzzled and awe-stricken until.this climax occurred, now finding it absolutely impo»» Bible to resist his friend's example, joined in the laugh. When the official came up to them, as he did a short time afterwards, be could scarcely find as much breath SB Would give the necessary order to open the.trunk. Frank, after a good deal of fumbling, produced the key, and proceeded to turn out hie kit for inspection. The result waB, of course, both disappointing and disgusting to the effioient officer, and in a corresponding degree consoling to Frank and Ben; the latter of whom continued to enjoy the scene jnsfc gone through, as long aa the official remained in sight; and, indeed, for many a day afterwards. 'Let UB start for the city,' said Ben, -when he had tired himself laughing at the officer, who had just trudged off in a high state of dudgeon. ' We Bhall get there in time for dinner, if we can catch the " bus." 'J Ben, having delivered up the boat to its owner, walked off with Frank, the two carrying the trunk between them. After a smart walk, they arrived at the omnibus rtage in time for the start to Melbourne. Having taken their seats on top of the ' bus,' Ben lighted a cigar, and was proceeding to make an observation touching Jerry Doolin, when, to his great surprise, that worthy individual presented himself from behind an enclosure thgt eurroundpd "the office at the stage. Ben, who waB the first to catch $ sight of him, called out: 'Hallo, blackbird! come along here qnickly, and take a seat,' an invitation which Jerry was not slow to accept. The omnibus then started on its trip, and erhnpB, under the peculiar circumstances, a hqnniVr trio never travelled from St. Kilda to Melbourne. As the • bus' whirled over the level, bot dusty road, Ben amused his friends by pointing out some of the revolutions that emigration had wrought on a number of his fellowpassengers by the Great Southern. ' There's our driver, now,' Ben remarks, ' he was a smart lmett trader in Belfast, a tip-top swell and firat-cSbm passenger on the Great Southern; now ho is handling the ribbons for the proprietor of the " Lightning omnibus," plying oetweea Melbourne and St. Kilda, and a mighty good job for him he could do it. Not a bad berth, I tell you; sevei) jinglcrs a week, and found j but) then, he has to desecrate the Sabbath, much against his will, no doubt; however t ifc must be done. Your gerfuine Belfast man is half a Scotchman; " piety and profit" is his motto at home ; but here it is profit first, and piety at leisure. Do you see that pile of broken iron stone, there beBide Prince's Bridge? Well, that's where youijg. Simpkins, who was clerk in a Liverpool tiank, now studies practical geology. That heap of rough specimens pays him better than handling coin, flor thumbing dirty b^nk paper behind a counter. He it at first, you Bee ; but paying fhrde pounds a week for board and lodging, washing not included, is what is graphically designated an eye opener. How do you do, Jenkins ? glad to see you old boy.' This salutation, by-khe-way, was addressed to a genteellooking young man, who was seated on the coping of Frince's-bridge. * Now/ continues IB en, 'that's Jenkins, another of ours, who dispenses to a numerous class of patronB fresh vegetables, obtained every morning from the rural gardens. On this desirable merchandise he obtains a moderate profit, thereby discharging his boarding-lionsfe debts, and acquiring, besides, a knowledge of politiaal economy and garden botany. ' Delightful transition here, Spank, is there not ? None of your Old Country humdrum. utiok-ic-the-mud style of getting along. Now, my brave Jenkins there was as spooney about a young lady, whose acquaintance he made on the Great Stmt hem, as a oertain yaang—but no matter, Frank; and what do you think was the upshot of it? ju£t this—he was poshing Bis wheelbarrowful of nsparagns, and turnips, and celery np Great Bourke-street one fine morning,, when, lo ! Miss Highflier met him plump on the side-walk ! There was no evading the fatal' meeting. The lovely, expressive eyes, on whose charms he had written sonnets, turned away from poor Jenkins with the obldest contempt. I need not say that settled Jenkins. Tou see, he Is now a melancholy man seated on a bridge ; and I hepe he won't drown himself. But here we ure, at the Lightning Hotel; dinner at three sharp. Look- nlive, Jerry, and pitoh down that trunk.' Jerry did put down the trunk, and then whispered sdmethirtg to Ben Mafor; to fphich that young gentleman instantly replied: 'Oh, never mind, Jerry! I'm JfiSng to stand dinner by way say in your country. Go in, Frank) and wait there for ns. I want to get a obasge of toggery for Jerry here. Come along to my quirters, and I will fit you eut in two tfyos.' When Ben and Jerry ret urned and rejoined Frank, Jerry looked us clean and trim as ' a new shilling,' as ho himself expressed it, and ' quite a good-looking Bwell,' as Ben pat it. When the dinner bell of the ' Lightning' rutin out its pleasant iuvitation, the tiiowenb into the dining-room, where we shall leave them for the present, in the enjoyment of n good appetite and wonderful spvka. (To be continued.) MELBOUBNB HospraAt.—At a meeting of the management committee on -Tuesday the proposal to remove the institution -from its present situation was considered in cobnection with the report oS a eub-conimit'tee, which suggested that, under no circumstances sholfld the freehold of the present site bo sold,, but that means should he adopted to let the ground on building leases. The committee also advised that the Government Ije asked to. grant the use of ten aores of land in the University reserve, nca* Grattan-strdot, for t)i« purpose of u site for the nftw hospital. This report was adopted, and (-he sub- eammiltpe. together with any ot.he» members of committee and inembors of BttrltapipQjt for metropolitan districts they chose to invito, were appointed to wojt on the Government as a deputation rgspectiag the ground'in the University reservfe. "DON'T DIE IN TEE Hones.—°£ongh on " bats," clears opt rats, mice, beetles, roaches, red-bugs, fires, ants, insects, moles, jack- isibbits, gophers. Felton, Grim wade & Co., Agents^ Melbourne. • .'• . WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS an unequalled gpedflo for diseases of the stomach and bowels. 