? < \- So muoh has hsea said lately regarding the, spirit world, and of warnings through .supernatural agency, that I may be accused .of writing on a worn-out subject. However, in spite of this, it may interest many to heat the following strange . occurrence . whioh happened in a'well keown family some years ago, and which was related to me. by my friend Mr. , on the strict condition, of 'my suppressing' nameB • and .datee Bnould .1 ever wieh to repeat it. ' I will tell you the story as near as possible in this gentleman's owu words ::— " Two or three months after marriage. I took my young wife down to my nlace ia the north of Scotland to spend the New Year, it having been & time honored custom in. our family to do so. Thougn the weather was bitterly oold we all managed tov enjoy ourselves, and my wife, who was tha only, lady amongst us; was in, excellent; spirits and the life of the party. Late m the evening of New Year's Day we gentlemen ; were amusing ourselves in the billiard room (it must have.beeh: nearly twelve o'clock), when ! .was surprised to heat Violet's voice calling me from • abovej-she having: retired some time',before;^ On"going'up^o-her ioom,:Ehe iniormed.me that she'had:been much; astonished by hoar-- ing the tinkle ol eledge hells, and that opening her window she,had seen one qmokly.;* J ^ •fapproaching.' drawn by a magnificent paiif of; black horses, and that it had pulled up immediately under her window. It was a lovely, moonlight night, so she had leant out to flee if Bhe could , recognise the occupant of the dedge. As Bhe did so he raised his head and looked her straight m the face, .when/she discovered he was a perfect stranger. . What Violet considered most extraordinary was, that on meetinglher eye, he held up his left hand and Bhook his head solemnly, then giving rein to his horses rapidly disappeared down the avenue. My wife was naturally anxious to discover who this mysterious stranger could be, and had called me-up to isee if I knew. She described him as being quite young, but With snow-white hair, piercing black eyes, a black mouBtache, and completely wrapped m sables. I being well acquainted with all my neighbours far and near, - felt: quite.certain that he was not one ot them, and the only conclusion we could come to was that be was some ; visitor from town who wished to aetomsh the natives . with euoh a hitherto unheard-of conveyance as a sledge; I asked, her if - she was. .quite sure she'had not been dreaming, wheii she indignantly replied that she had never felt more wide awake in her life, having at the time been sitting up :writibg a most important letter. When I related my wife's story in the billiard room, one of my convivial friends -suggested that rwe should all sally forth in a body and searoh the groundfor the unfortunate beggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be .glad to be given a drink. Wo ail acted on this idea with alacrity, any small excitement always being eoeeptable in -a country house. In the meantime ;the weather had completely changed, and it had commenced to snow heavily, which accounted satisfactorily for our not being able to discover traces of the sledge. We soon got tired ; oi the; search, agreeing thatthe mysterious stranger had discovered he was .trespassing, and ;had made the best of his way home. ; The next day Violet appeared rather annoyed when we chaffed abouther.melancholy. visitor of the previous night, and 'seeing that it was not welcome we soon dropped the subject, and in fact forgot it.. .. ' That evening, as we men had just decided on separating for the night, 5 ,the door of the smosiagroom-burst open, and, to my intense surprise, my wife rushed in, her dressing- _ gown thrown on, her hair all dishevelled,' and looking" perfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed to know what she was doing, and, when I enquired what on earth was the matter, sank into a chair,-gasping out: "He has come again !" Seeing that she was really affected, I hastened to get her a. glass ol wine, and begged her to give me full pariculars.; It appears that/'she.'had'gone to bed, and had slept soundly'until awakened by the sound of approaching sledge bells, then starting up. had thrown on her dressing, gown and rushed to. the window; where Bhe discovered tho sledge had been brought' to a. standstill at exactly the same spot as on ili3 previous nights On' her appearance -the driver, looking up at her steadfastly, : had raised his hand and shaken his head in precisely the same warning manner as before. Not waiting for more, and filled with nameless terrbi. the poor little woman had rushed down to me in this excited condition. • We all felt most indignant at what we began to think was a very impertinent practical joke, and, confiding my wife to the care of her maid, rushed out with themtention of finding and making it hot for the perpetrator. We ran oat eagerly; the night was dear and frosty, the ground was: oovered with snow, although none had fallen since the morning, aad I confess that I experienced quite a shook when; on arriving beneath my wife's window, we discovered the snow was/com-: pletely nndiBturbed, and there was not the faintest trace of anything having paBBedthat way. We all • returned to. the house somewhat .subdued, and talked the matter well over, when we came to the conclusion/that there must be something .queer . about-the affair, ss it waa absurd to imagine that my sensible little wife oould be the victim of any Buoh delusion; Therefore wc unanimously decided on keeping a watoh m : the billiardroom — which • was immediately : beneath Violet's room—on: the following night, .and wait for what might occur. In the meantime we had agreed not to mention the subject to my wife, and the aext day, she not •appearing at . all: inclined to introduce it, things went on much as usual. Some time after she had retired for the night, we, being fortified with sundry, glasses: of-hot toddy, repaired to the billiardroom to commence out vigil, where we turned down the gas and drew up the bhnds, and were all on the qui - Biiic for/anything that might happen. The Bilence was beeoraingmonotonoub, when suddenly it was broken by a piercing shriek, and the sound of a heavy fall. Bushing up to my wife's room, from whence it had proceeded. I found her extended on the floor in a dead faint, still in her evening dress; with her window wide open. It was a long time beforo her maid, whom I found in the room, could reBtore her to oonBciousness,: and even then ehe eeemed, almost delirious, and kept wailing out,." Why does he come? What does he mean ?" Theim^idsafterwardsinformedme that she ^jdheen^equestediyjlier mistress to remain ln"5herjroom -syith her nntil her master came wrapped in a shawl lor u long time at the: window- -and -appeared to he listening intently for something ,ehe expected. Suddenly she had given a violent start, and leaning out of the window, had excitedly caUed^the ':maid'.-jio.>.fier :«ide,::^a!3d vasked •her in a tremblmg voice . whether .she could not see anything coming, up the -avenue ,or hear the tinkle ofiiells. It was sistill moonlight night, almost as light as day, bat the maid, a tnght, intelligent girl; declared, she could see or hear nothing, and had only just turned from the window when she. was horrified to see her mistress stagger backwards and fall fainting to the'ground. .The violent shock that my wife .had received to hernervons system iesulted in a long and BerioUB illness, and as soon as . she eould be moved I tool, her on the continent, where •Bhe' shortly tecoveiediershealth and spirits; Weiieither of ns ever alluded to the cause ;of hBr illness,-shefeeliag peculiarly sensitive on •the-subject, Rndfresentwg my. haying treaty % it.'as an hallBciuatiba.-. -.Though^fipireiivly .forgotten/by:us bdth, : -I did; »o« coasider. it. 'judicious to epead...tiff/coming New Yeai/iii. Scbtlsind; and ,we tiiaiefor^ Agreed on paying a long:prOmise,d.visiti to St. Peteralmrg w leve I had iEanyHntimafe/friencis in i nflmntial circle?. Oa our arrival they all vied: with -'each; other,.in., shbwing us .hospitality, my prife was immensely/admired, and her vivacity and witmade lisr yery popu'ar. , Jnat.biforo bur intended dt.panurp.oneof leadirsof society .arranged a -'ball . in ciir honor,, to which Violet looked forward with great pleasure, and made most elaborate preparations. Whcntha,nioht" : of-this fete arrived, .ond my wife entered the. room dressed ' for .the ball,; I thought I-had-never geeri her look so ioyaiy, with that.look of joyous anticipation on her countenance- that a beautiful; woman always wears when she is sure of :her triump,!is. . During our «hort drive to the Bottl ——, our deBtination, she amused meby her almost childish aaticipation of the coming enjoymeni'./. On arriving there -fihe aacended the. Bteps on my arm/atill laughing and chatting: gailyi hat just-as;we.. were about to,.enterthe ' door / she turned./her /head as if .'violently -startled-.:-;-! '.felt^ber^mblmg-'-from^Juad'tp' foot, her face was deadly pale, and her eyes were fixed on-the spat from which our carriage, had just moved. On my enquiring the reason bf'iier agitation, she-excitably .exclaimed, " Look there!" pointing to the foot bf JMS^d^^fibthingi; Ehe" : seemcd"cornpletely ! unnerve3;-.and?iimplored me to; take - her home.- Poor Violet clunp t.o mc cloudy, pase'.on^toly exclaiming that if I did not do so at once she knew she would die,' and, finding rsmoas'r.snce only increased her distress,':I thought it.;'best 'to do as she wished. .'/Whilst ; in the carriage I could:not get an. explanation, as/my wife eeemed thoroughly prostrate; and . on our arrival I had to support her into her: room, There, whea she appeared better, I-requested her to explain her extraordinary conduct. In an awed, almost spared .voice Violet informed me that on entering the Hotel she had heard the sound of sledge bells, and on turnihg to see who, had arrived, had perceived the same mysterious man who had caused her so much terror the previous year in Scotland. There he was, wrapped in his heavy -sables, and using tho'eame warning gestures- I tried to reason with her and im^ press upon her the great offence her absence would probably cause on eueh an oocasion. For some time she was quite impracticable, but seeing at last how much in earnest I was, my dear little wife evidently made, a great effort and. consented to return with me, All the same I felt quite grieved to notice what change this strange occurrence had made in her, the shrinking, pale lady I was now conducting to the carriage being indeed a very different person to tho brilliant, joyous beauty.of a; short.time, before.- Just as we were about to set foot in the carriage a terrible explosion was heard, and a few minutes later the fearlul newa had circulated through the city that the Hotel where the ball was being given, had been- blown to the ground (it was supposed by Nihilists), and not a soul there had escaped. 