TRAINING NOTES. CAULFIELD, TUESDAY. Work commenoed shortly after 4. Kelly sent Sc rooge and Western tor ft awful gallop over a mile; Enenjy, Anarchj-, and Bridegroom were sent useful work; Ben Bolt, who has been sore since he returned from Wagga, was restricted to walking exercise. Alter breakfast, the Busses hone, accompanied by Footman, galloped a mile on the sand, fccnoe sent Cbdland and First Pop a strong four furlongs; Berks ley, Chandos, and others ot his team were treated to' suitable work. King gave Union Jack, who is look in? well, a pipe-opener on the sand ; Crown Brand, with Buxton up, strode along for Ave furlongs. Koulsham treated Bonnie Doon, Chicago, and Gen tility to useful work over a mile: Lad}' Lorell and Qlentveorth cantered and spurted. The Stag and Goodwood were trekted to some schooling over the small stioks, both acquitting themselves creditably. Silvermlne, who Ts' looking well, had Kohal lor Q companion over a round on- the outer circle of the grass, the pair moving along freely. Aibanus and Umberto jumped off for a spin over a mile, Phoebe Walton joining in the last naif of the journey, and having all the best of it at the finish. Leek had Kenneth (who looks on the bigside),Dargin, Beokwith, arid "Vaster John on the ground doing nice preparatory exercise* Highland Chief and Blondin ran a useful mile. Lord Allen oantered and spurted. Dougalston and Ilia Mia bowled along on the turf for a mile, Epicurean and The Wave brushing along for half a mile. Lizette, with Batty up, was treated to a bit of schooling over the big timber, answering the task very satisfactorily. Kew York put In some good sound work on the tan. Delamia bnubed along for four or five furlongs on the tan. Hazard, Townlcy, and Pocahontas were striding along on the inner circle, others of this team doing good preparatory work. Gasburner ran a strong round on the sand. Empress had The Ghost in trouble after a mile had been traversed. The Crane and the Robinson Crusoe-Dagmar oolt slipped over four furlongs in a very taking style; the latter is a very promising gentleman. Connolly, as usual, had a long string out. The jumpers Topsail and Union worked in company. Lady Ash ton putting in two turns on the sand tor good work. Eugenie, Carnarvon, and Bonnie lad wen all given healthy exorcise. Grace Darling, after being treated to eotno mild exercise on the grass, wound up by running a strong round; the daughter of The Diver and Zoe is on the improving ride. Camerine and Dexter covered a round on the grass at a good working pace; both these hones look nioe and forward. Cricket and Patience were given their morning's exercise on the tan. Leng had Oestus and Protos Grand working on the grass. Phenomenon, who looks big, was striding along on the tan. The brothers Uoran had their re spective teams on the course, and they were treated to useful exercise. Chandos has gone into Bonce's stable. Meersohaura and Daystar were separately treated to a useful live or six furlongs. THURSDAY. This was a cold, showery morning, and owing to the Mooneo Valley races taking pla'.e, trainers were anxious to get finished, so that an early start was made. Connolly was the first to commence business by sending Louise Berta and Beelaebub a sharp five furlongs, Upper Crust and Bonnie Lad being similarly treated. Sweetmeat, KabockiUh, and Rob Boy, the latter a new addition, were given good sound work on the sand. Eugeaie spurted on the sand, and Lady Ashton, with U'Lcod up, was given a pipe-oponcr on the tan; Banker went long useful work on the sand. Kelly 6cnt Ben Bolt long gentle exercise On the tan ; Western ran a fast mile ; the Sussex horse was given some half-pace exerciso on the tan. Bridegroom, after putting in some'slow-pace exorcise, wound up by brushing along for five or 6ix furlongs. Revenge and the remainder of the team were given useful exercise on the sand and tan. Kenneth was allotted a oouple of turns on the tan, the last at a good working pice, the two! year old Dargin assisting him the last three or four furlongs. Master John went good serviceable work. Silvermine and Kohal galloped once round on the outer circle of the grass, the pair going strong and well all the way, and finished together; both these hones are looking tresh and weiL Bonnie Doon trotted and cantered a couple of times round on the gtuu. Chioago and Gentility worked in company over a round or two on the sand. Pocahontas, who seemed to m3ve a bit sore, was doihg her morning's portion on the sand. Hazard, who looks like getting Into bis old form again, went two useful -turns on the Inner circle. Umberto and Townley went useful exercise. Utile Jack went three rounds on the tan, putting on steam the last round. Bence sent Footman and Oadland a useful five fuHonga. First Pop, Peter, and Gbandos were all striding along tor healthy, exercise. Jones despatched Epicurean and Ilia Uia for a spin over four furlongs. NewYork went long alow work on the tan. Dehunia brushed along for four or five furlongs. Goodwood and Lizette were given medium pace exercise on the tan. The Ghost and Aibanus ran a strong mile.ln which the latter had slightlythe best of It. Graoe Darling and Empress oovered a circle on the grass for good work. The Crane and the Robin eon Crusoe-Dagmar oolt brushed boms from the four furlong post Agnes and Highland Chief strode along for useful work on the sand. Lon\ Allen worked on the grass. Vewmister, Gasburner, and Little Jim bowled along for around on the sand. Qrlckct and Patience put in useful work on the tan. Dtjitar cantered, and then brushed along tor six ttatooaoa the tan. Dexter ran a round on the grass in fair trim. The steeplechaser Union leaves to-day for Tasmania. Sydney has gone into Garter's stable. Youar Gofry returned yesterday Iran Oasterton, and has nearly recovered from the accident that he met with at Sana hunk . 