DR. QUIN NESS'S MISSION.'. p THE inaugural meetings in connection with the mission now being conducted in Brisbane by Dr. Grattan Guinness, under the auspices of the Young Men's Christian Association, were held on Saturday night, beginning with an open-air meeting at the corner of Queen and Wharf streets on Saturday evening. At the hour announced for the meeting there were very few persons on the ground, but towards 5 o'clock a good crowd had gathered round the temporary stage erected for the occasion, attracted thither, no doubt, by the sweet strains of a comet, which was played in excellent style by the missionary himself. The meeting was opened with singing and prayer, and very short addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. Stewart and W. Whale- and Dr. Guinness, each of whom was very attentively listened to. The remarks made by the speakers, however, were principally in explanation of the objects of the mission, and an appeal for self consecration. An adjournment was subsequently made to the schoolroom of the Wharf-street Baptist Church, where similar addresses were given, and hymns sung by the Evangelistic Choir. The meeting terminated with prayer shortly before 9 o'clock. On Sunday morning, the Wharf-street Baptist church was filled with an attentive congregation, and the service was conducted by the minister (Rev. W. Whale). Dr. Guinness offered prayer, and gave an address based on II. Peter, 3rd chap., 3rd verse. Subject : "The last days and the second coming of Jesus Christ." The doctor very earnestly spoke of this being the Saturday evening of the world's history. Three things were noted about these days. They were the last days ; the prophecies were not mere padding to the Bible, but important truth from God ; the Church was as a train going into a tunnel, it had its dark ages, but it always emerged into more glorious light and so it would until the bright millennial day. Right through the world evangelical Christians were turning their thoughts towards the coming of Christ. 2. They were dark days; we were fairly warned of scoffers walking after their own lusts. Some thought the world was going to get better, but the Bible did not seem to teach this. Morally, socially, politically, evil men and seducers waxed worse and worse. It would be midnight when the Bridegroom came. It would be through storm and darkness that Jesus would come to His people saying "It is I, be not afraid." In the midst of all your trouble lift up your eyes, for the time of redemption draweth nigh. 3\. They wore glorious days. We might wish we had lived when Christ was on earth, but it was better far to live in these last days. They were days of a complete Bible ; they were Holy Ghost days. God was willing to fill us now with the Spirit to be so filled would make us peculiarly forceful for soul-winning. Because of the Holy Spirit these were missionary days, Gospel days. The Holy Spirit was going forth in the truth of the Gospel, and was gathering hundreds to Christ. The missionary served in China, in India, in Africa, and wherever there were men to be saved. He (the doctor) would ask them what their lives were saying in regard to the coming of Jesus and the last days. The practical infidelity of professors might be a greater evil than the theoretic and talkative infidelity of secularists and others. Would they come to Jesus for salvation and guidance ? He could make them safe and keep them right. To Christians he would say. " Be diligent that ye may be found of Him in peace without spot and blameless." He concluded by invoking God's blessing on the work of this ten or fifteen days' mission in Brisbane. In the afternoon at the Town Hall, while the people were being seated, the choir, accompanied by the organ, played by Dr. Guinness, sang several pieces from the " Christian Choir." At 3 o'clock the whole congregation rose and sang with vigour the hymn. "He will hide me," after which the Rev. W. Whale asked God's blessing upon the service, and in doing so pleaded that a great blessing might come down upon this city. " Come, Holy Spirit was then sung alternately by choir alone and audience alone. The doctor then prayed for the Orange meeting, the Salvation Army, and all those who sought to benefit their fellow men. Then, after singing hymn G4, came the sermon from I. Cor. i., 27, " God hath chosen . . . foolish things " which the preacher illustrated by saying : Christ's disciples were working men fisher- men ; Christ himself was a working man a carpenter ; Paul was a working man's tent maker ; Christ spoke of working men when he said" Come unto me, aIlyethatlabour,"&c.; He then said that he should have one head to his discourse, which was as follows :-" God has chosen the weak things of this world to con- found the wise and mighty." He took Gideon for an example saying When he excused himself by saying he was unfit for the work then God used him. All God's servants were weak in their own opinion ; Gideon, though he felt too weak for the task God gave him, raised an array of 30,000 men. But there were 22,000 cowards in Gideon's army. God wanted no cowards. The array was thinned to 300 men with only pitchers and trumpets. They sounded the trumpets and broke the pitchers. He (the preacher) wanted his hearers to break pitchers next month and so let the lamps inside shine, namely, the pitcher of pride, the pitcher of cowardice, and the pitcher of false respectability. The doctor then gave further examples of weak things used by God, includingBunyan, Moses, and Peter. God was more willing to use us than we were to be used. The choir then sang Abundantly able to save," after which the meeting closed. In the evening, at the Wharf-street Congregational Church the building was filled in every part, and chairs had to be placed in the aisles to accommodate the people. The service was opened by singing "Lord of the world above" the Rev. E. Griffith then offered prayer. The hymn "My God I love Thee " was then sung, followed by the Lesson (part of Luke xiv. ). The next hymn was "Come to our poor nature's night." Then came the sermon from two texts, viz,, Luke xiv., 23, " Go out into the highways and hedges and compel them to come in." The highway (the preacher said meant the Queen's highway, and the hedges country places. Many were on the highway to ruin. We were to pull people from under the hedge where they sheltered themselves. Christians were not earnest enough in compelling men to come in. We should use holy ingenuity. "Them might be taken to mean our brothers, sisters, fathers, mothers, &c.; The preacher upbraided parents and others for not doing their best for the conversion of relatives and neighbours. He then went on to speak upon his second text, verse 22, "And yet there is room." Dr. Guinness said, " that God had a robe for all who would receive it." He pleaded with the audience to accept the beat robe which God was willing to give. In response to an appeal eighteen persons lifted their hands desiring to be prayed for. 