The Storyteller. The Silver Hatchet. By A. CONAN DOYLE, IN THE ' THEOSO- PHIST.' 0- tho 3rd or December 1861, l)r Otto von Hopstein, Ilegios l'rofetsor of Com parative Anatomy of tbe University of Huda-Pesth, and Curator of tlie Acade mical Museum, was foully and brutally murdered within a stoned-throw of the entrance to the college quadrangle. Besides tbe eminent position of the victim aud his popularity amongst hotli students aud town-folk, there were other circumstances which excited public in terest very strou-'ly, and drew general attention 'throughout Austria and Hun gary vovuismuruer. luej' .vntr.'iu'mi bla't of tbe following day bad au article upon it, which may still be consulted by the curious, and from which 1 translate a few passages giving a succinct account of the circumstances under whirl! the crime was committed, and tho peculiar features in the case which puzzled the Hungarian police. ' It appears,' said that very excellent paper, 'that lVcfessnr Von Unpstein left the University about ball pa-t four iu the afternoon, in order to meet the train which is due from Vienna, at three minutes after live. He was accompanied by his old and dear friend. Hei r Wilhelm Schlessiuger, Sub-Curator ol the Museum aud Privat-docent of L'heinistrv. The object of these two gentlemen iu meeting this particular train was n- receive the Iegacj' bequeathed hy Graf Von Si-bulling to the University of Ruda-l'esth. It is well know that this unfortunate noble man, whose tragic fate is still fresh in the recollection 'f [lie public, left Isis unique collection of medieval weapons, as well as several priceless black- letter edition*, to enrich the already Celebrated museum of his Alma Mater. The worthy Pro fessor was loo much of au enihu.-ia^t in such matters to entrust the reception or care of this valuable legacy to any subor dinate, and, with tbe assistance ol Herr Schlessiuger, he succeeded in removing the whole collection from tbe train, aud stowing it away in a lisht carl which had been seut by the University authori ties. M-i.-t of the bonks and more fragile articles were packed in ea-es of pine wood, but mauy of the weapons '.cere simply dune round with straw, so that considerable labour was involved ill ,n#wi»-r llMil -,il TliM Prn'^isi.r so nervous, however, lest any of them should be injured that he refused to allow any of tbe railway employe? to assist. Every article was carried aerm-- the plat form by Herr Schlersinger, and handed to Professor von H'p.-tein in tlie cart who packed it away. When every thine was in, tbe two gentlemen, still faithful to their charge, drove back to the Uni versity, the professor being in excellent spirits, and not a little proud of the physical exertion which he had shown himself capable of. He made some jok jugallusiou to it to Heinmaul, thejanit-or, who, with his friend Hchifl'er, a Kohe mian Jew, met the cart ou its return, and unloaded the contents. .Leaving bis curiosities safe iu tbe store-room, anil lockiug the door, the Professor handed tbe key to his sul-- curator, aud, bidding every one good evening, departed in the direction of his lodgings. Schles.-.inger took a lust look to rea-:-ure himself that all was right, and also went off'. leaving Reinmaul and his friend Schiller smok ing in the janitor's lodge. 'At eleveu o'clock, about au hour and a half after Von Hapstein's departure, a . soldier of tbe 1-lth regiment of Jager, passing the front of the University ou bis way to the barrack?, came upon the ' lifeless body of tbe Professor lying a little way from the side of the road. He had fallen upon his face with both arms stretched out. His bead was literally split in two halves by a tremendous blow, which, it is conjectured, must have been struck from behind, there remaining a peaceful smile upon the old man's face, as if he had been still dwelling upon his new arcbieological acquisition when death had overtaken him. There is no other mark of violence upon tbe bodv . , except a bruise over the left patella, caused probably hy the fall. Tiie most mysterious part of the affair is that the Professor's purse, containing forty-three fulden, and his valuable watch', have een untouched. Robbery cannot, there fore, have been the inceutive to the deed, unless the assassins weredisturbed before tbpy could complete their work. 'This idea is negatived by the fact that the body must have lain'at l'-a-t an hour before any one discovered it. The whole affair i- wrapped jn mystery. Dr. Langemann, the eminent niedic'., jurist, . ..has pronounced that the wound is such as toight have beeu inflicted by a heavy sword bayonet wielded by a powerful arm. The police are extremely reticent upon the subject, and it is suspected that they are in possession of a clue which may lead to important results.' _ Thus far the Abt-ntW.aU. The '?researches of the police failed, however,' to throw the lpast glimmer of light upon the matter. There was ab.-olutely no trace of the murderer, nor could any amount of ingenuity invent auy reason ' which could have induced any one to I cbmmitt the dreadful deed. The de ceased Professor was a man so wrapped in his home studies and pursuits that be ' lived apart from the world, and had ' certainly never raised the slightest ani mosity in auy human breast. It must \- have been some fiend, some savage, who loved blood for its own sake, who struck that merciless blow. Though the ofllcials were uuable to come to any conclusions upon the matter, popular suspicion was not long in pilch ' iug upon a scapegoat. 1 n the lim pub lished accounts of the murder the name '*-f oiie Bcbifl'er had been mentioned us having remained with the janitor after Ihe Professor's departure. This man was fterJew.,;aud Jews have never been popular If Iji'Hungary. A cry was at once raised » Schiller's arrest ; but as there was not the slightest grain of evidence against him , the authorities very properly re ? ./used to consent to so arbitrary a' pro need jug. lleinmaul, who was ati old and moat respected citizen, declared solemnly ' that Sebiffer was with him until the startled cry of the soldier had caused them both to run out to the scene of tbe tragedy. No one ever dreamed of impli ca,tiug lleinmaul iu such a matter : but .Mill, it was'rumoured that his ancient ?and -well-known friendship for (Schiller might have induced him to tell a falsc ' hood in-order to screen him. -Popular feeling ran very high upon 'tlie subject, and . theiip seemed a danger (if tichifler'a beiny mobbed in the fired, when an in pideot occurred which threw a very dlflerent light upon the matter. On tlie morning of the 12th of De Scerober,' jUBt.JIiihe days after the mys terious -murder of the Professor;- Schiller, ?the Bohemian Jew, was found lying iu tbe north-western 'corner of the' (j rand Plata stone dead, and so mutilated that he .was hardly recognisable. His head was cloven open-iu very much tho saiue w»v as that of Von Hopstein, and hie body exhibited numerous. deep gashes, tis if the murderer had been so carried away and transported with fury that he had continued to hack tiie lifeless body, Snow had fallen heavily tbe day before, and was lying at least a foot deep all over the square : some bad falleu during tbe night too, as was evidenced by a thin layer lying like a winding sheet over the murdered man. It was hoped at lirst that this circumstance might assist in giving a clue by enabling the foot -steps of tbe assassin to be traced ; but the crime bad been committed, unfortunately, in a place much frequented during the day, and there were innumerable tracks in every direction. Besides, the newly fallen snow had blurred the footsteps to such a;i extent that it would have been impossible to draw trustworthy evidence from tliviu. In this case there was exactly tbe same impenetrable tuy?!ei-v aud absence of motive which bad characterised the murder of Profe.-sor von Hopstein. In the dead man'- pocket there was found a note-hock containing a considerable sum in gold, and several very valuable bills, but no attempt bad been made to rifle him. .Supposing that any one to whom he bail 1-nt money (and this was tbe first idea which occurred to the police) had taken tbi- means of evading his debt, it was baldly conceivable that be would have left such a valuable spoil untouched. Schiller lodged with a widow, named Ortiga, at -111 Marie Theresa Strasse, and the evideuce o:' his landlady and her children showed that he bail remained shut up in hi? room the whole of the preceding day iu a state of deep dejection, caused by ''iie suspicion which tbe populace had fastened upon him. She iiad heard him go out about eleveu o'clock ai night for his last aud fatal walk, aud as he bad a latch-key she had gone to bed without wailiugforhiiu. His object iu choosing sucb a late hour for a ramble obviously was that he did not consider himself safe if recognised in the streets. The occurrence of tbis?e -ond murder, SO shortly after the t\r-t. threw not ouly the town ,.r Uuda-lV-th. hot the whole of Hungary into a K-ri inie state of excite ment, and own - f terror. V.tguc dangers '? seenicd to bang over t!.e head of every man. The uuly parallel to this intense feeling was to bV f'Uml in our own coun try ai the tim- of tin- Williams' murders descriUd by De ijuiucey. There were so many iv»t-mhlance- between the cases of Von Hn|,?:ein aud Schiller that no one could doubt that there exi.-ted a connec tion between the two. Tiie absence of object an- 1 of inhbery, the utter want of an\ chic to titH ass .o-siu, and, lastly, the ghastly nature of the wounds, evidently inflicted t-y tiie saute or a similar weapon, all pointed iu one direction. Things were iu this state when the incidents which I am about to relate, occurred : and iu order to make them intelligible I must lead up to them from a fre.-li point of departure. VUto von Schickel was a youugersou of the old Silesian family of that uame. His father bad originally destined him for the anny, but at tbe' advice of his teach ers, who saw the surprising talent of the youth, had seut hiui to tbe University of Buda-Pestb to be educated in niediciue. Here young Schlegel carried everything before him, and promised to be one of the most brilliant graduates turned out for many a year. Though a hard reader, he was iio bookworm, but au active power ful youm: fellow, full of animal spirits and' vivacity, and extremely popular among his fellow-students. The Xew Year examination- at band, and Schlegel was working bard — so bard that even the strange murders iu the town, aud tbe general excitement iu men's minds, failed to turn his thoughts from his studies. Upon Christmas Eve, when every house was illuminated, aud tbe roar of drinking somis came from the Bierkeller in tiie Student-quartier, he re fused tbe mauy invitations to roystering suppers which were showered upon him, and went off with his books uuder his arm to the rooms of Leopold Strauss, to work with him into the small hours of tbe morning Strauss and Kcblegel were bosom , friends. They were both Silesians, and I had known each other from boyhood. Their affection had become proverbial in the University. Strauss was almost as distinguished a student as Scbleuel, and there had been many a tough struggle for academic honours between the two fellow-eoiiutrymeu, which had only served to strengthen their friendship by a bond ot mutual respect. Schlegel ad mired tbe dogged pluck and neverfail imi good temper of his old playmate ; whilst the latter considered Schlegel, with his many talents and brilliant ver satility, tbe' most accomplished of mortal-. The friends were still working together, the one reading from a volume on ana tomy, the other holding a skull and iiiarkingort the various parts mentioned ill the text, when the deep-toned bell of St. Gregory's church struck the hour of midnight. ' Hark to that !' said Schlegel, snap ping up the hook aud stretching out his long legs towards the cheery lire, 'Why, it's Christmas morning, old friend I' 'And what is the news amongst the students'.'' asked Strauss. 'They talk, I believe, of nothing but the murders. But I have worked hard of late, as you know, and hear little of the gossip.' 'Have you had time,' inquired Strauss, 'to look over the books and the weapons which our dear old Professor was so con cerned about the very day he met his death '.' They say they are well worth a visit.' ' I saw them to-day,' said Schlegel, lighting his pipe, ' Heimnaul, the Jani tor, showed me over the storeroom, and 1 helped to label many of thein from the original catalogue of Graf Schullings's museum. As far as ve can see, there is but one article missing of all the collec tion.' 'One missing!' exclaimed Strauss. ' That wouid grieve old Von Hopsleiu's ghost. Is it anything of value?' ' It is described as au antique hatchet, with a bead of steel and a handle of chased silver. We have applied to the railway company, and no doubt it will be fouud.' '1 trust so,' echoed Ktrauss ; aud the conversation drifted oil into other chan nels. The lire was burning low and the bottle of lthenish wae empty before the two friends rose from their chairs, and Von Schlegel prepared to depart. 'Ugh! It's a bitter night;' be said, standing on the dooistep and folding his cloak round him. ' Why, Leopold, you have your cap ou. You are not going out, are vou'?' ' Yes, 1 urn coming with you,' said Strauss, shutting the door behind him. 'I feci heavy,' be continued, taking his friend's arm, and walking down the street with him. ' J think a walk as far as your lodgings, in the crisp frosty air, Is just tbe tiling to-net me right.' .... The two .students went down Stephen Strassc together aud across Julien Platz, talking on a variety ot topics. As they passed the corner of the (Viand I'latz, however, where Schifler had been found dead, the conversation turned naturally upon the lunm'er. ... 'That's where they fouud him,' re marked Von Schlegel, pointing to the . fatal sprit. ' Perhaps -the nmrtierer -Iaf near us now, ' said Strauss. ' Let us hasten on.' | They both turned to go, when-'Schlegel gave (t sudden cry of pain andvstoopajlv down. ? * ' Something has cut , through my hoot ! he cried ; and feeling about with his hand in the snow, he pulled out's small glistening battle-axe, made ap parently entirely of metal. It had been lying with the blade turned si ighly up wards, so as to cut tbe foot of tbe stiniout when he trod upon it. 'Tlie weapon of the murderer!' lie ejaculated. )';? 'Thesilverbatchet from the museum !!!= cried Strauss in the same breath. y.; There could he no doubt that it wtfi. both the one aud the other. There coulH not be two such curious weapons, anil' the character of the wound was just such as would be indicted hy a similar instru ment. The murderer hail evidently thrown it asiileaftercoinin ittingt he dread ful deed, and it had lain concealed in the snow some twenty metres from tbe spot . ever since, li was extraordinary that of all the people who had passed ami ' ivpasseil none had di-covcred it : but- the ' snow was dee)', and it was a little oil' tbe i beaten track. ??What are we to do with it?' said j Vou Schiegcl, holding it iu his baud.. He shuddred as he noticed by the light of tbe moon that tbe head of it was all dabbled with d.irk-brown stains. 'Take it to the Commissary of Police,' suggested Strauss. ''?'He'll be iu bed now. Still, I think you are right. But it. is nearly four o'clock. I will wait uutil morning, and take it round before breakfast. Mean while I must carry it with me to my lodgings.' 'That is the best plan,' said bis friend ; and tbe two walked on together talking of the remarkable tiad which t'.iey iiad made. When they eauie to Scb'legel's door, Strauss said good-bye, refusing au invitation to go in, and walked briskly down the street iu the direction of bis own lodgings. Schlegel was stooping down putting the key iuto the lock, when a strange change came over him. He trembled violently aud dropped they key from his quivering fingers. His right hand closed convulsively round the handle of . the silver batehci, and his eye followed the retreating figure of his, friend with a vindictive glare. In spitfe of the coldness of tbe night the perspiration streamed down bis face. I'or a moment be seemed to siruggle with himself, holdiug his hand up to his throat as if he were suffo cating. Then, with crouching hotly and rapid noiseless steps, he c:ep; after hi- late companion. Strauss was plodding sturdily along through the suow, humming snatches of a student song aud little dreaming of the dark figure which pursued him. At the Grand Plat:', it was forty yards behind him ; at the Julien Plat/ it was but twenty; in Stephen StrassC it was ten, aud gaining on him with p:\'.nher-lik« rapidity. Already it was almost within arm'? leugth of the unsu-pcctjng in. in, aud the hatchet giitt -reii coldly iu toe moonlight, when some slight noise must have reached Strauss' ear, for be faced suddenly round upon his pursuer. He started and uttered an exclamation, as his eye met the white set face, with flashing eyes aud clenched teeth, which seemed io be suspended iu the air behind him. ' What, Otto !' he exclaimed, recog nising bis friend. ' Art tlioti ill ? You look pale, Come with me to my— Ah ! hold, you madman, hold ! Drop that axe! Drop it, I say, or by heaven I'll choke yon V Von Schlegel had thrown himself upon him with a wild cry and uplifted weapon, but the student was stout hearted aud resolute. He rushed inside the sweep of the hatchet and caught his assailant round tbe waist, narrowly escaping a blow which would have cloven his bead. The two staggered for a moment in a deadly wrestle, Schlegel endeavouring to shorten his weapon ; but Stiauss with a desperate wrench managed to bring him to. the ground, and they rolled together in the snow, Strauss clinging to tbe other's right arm and shouting frantically for assistance. It was as well that he did so, for Schlegel would certainly have succeeded in free ing his arm had it uot been for tbe arrival of two stalwart gendarmes attracted by the uproar. . Even then tbe three of theiu found it difficult to over come the maniacal strength of Schlegel, and they were utterly unable to wrench tbe sibver hatchet from his grasp. One of tbe gendarmes, however, had a coil of rope rouud his waist, with which he rapidly secured the student's arms to his side. In this way, half pushed, half dragged, be was conveyed, in spite of furious cries aud frenzied struggles, to i the central police-station. Strauss assisted iu coercing his former friend, and accompanied the police to the station, protesting loudly at the same time against auy unnecessary, violence, aud giving it as his opinion that a lunatic j asylum would be a more fitting place for the prisoner. He followed mechanically to the police station, lost in grief and amazement. . ' Inspector Baumgarten, one of the most energetic and best known of tbe police officials, was ou duty in the absence of the Commissary. He was a wiry little I active man, quiet and retiring in his habits, but possessed of great sagacity and a vigilance which never relaxed. Now, though be had . had a six hours' vigil, he sat as erect as ever, with his pen behind his ear, at his official desk, while bis friend, Hub-Inspector Winkel, snored in a cbair at the side' of the stove. Even the Inspector's usually immovable features betrayed surprise, however, when the door was flung open and Von Schlegel wuh i ragired ifl with pale face aud dis ordered clothes, the Hilver hatchet still grasped firmly in hiH hand. Still more surprised was he when Strauss and the gendarmes gave their account, which was duly entered in the official register. ' Young man, young man,' said In spector Baumgarten, laying down his pen, aud fixing bis eyeB sternly upon the prisoner, 'this is pretty work for Christ mas morning ; why have you done this thing ?' ' God knows !' cried Von Schlegel, covering his face with his hands and dropping the hatchet. A change had come over him, his fury aud excitement were gone, and he seemed utterly pros trated with grief. ' You have rendered yourself liable to a strong suspicion of having committed the other murders which have disgraced our city.' ' No, no, indeed !' said Von Schlegel earnestly. 'God forbid!' ' At least, you are guilty of attempting the life of iierr Leopold Strauss.' ' The dearest friend I have in the world,' groaned the Htudent. 'Ol i, how could I ! How could I !' 'His being your friend makes your crime ten times more heinous,' said the Inspector seveieiy. ' Iteinove him for tbe remainder of the night to the— But steady ! Who comes here'?' The door was pushed open, and a man came into the room, so haggard and careworn that be looked more like a ghost than a human being. Hotojlered as he walked, and had to clutch at the backs of tbe chairs as he approached the 1 1 ikj lector's desk. It was hard to reeog nisc.ii- this miserable looking object the onc« cheerful and rubicund sub-curator of the museum and privat-doccjjt of chemistry, , Herr Wilhelm Schlesslnger. The practised eye of Baumg&rtei;), how ever, was uot tobe baffled by anyclian^' ' Good morning, meinHerr,' In-s.t.i. '''ytfilttf'e up early. 'No doubt the reasi-ii is that you have heard that one- of your students, Von Schlegel, is arrested for attempting tlie life of Leopold Strauss ?' ' No ; I have come for myself,', said, Schlessiuger, -speaking huskily, «od put ting. bis hand up to his throat. ' I haiJe eonie to ease my soul of tbe weight of u great sin, .though, God knows, an unme ditated one. It was I who— 'But merci ful ^.heavens I there it is — the- horrid! tiling ! sO that I had never ^eeu i t !' . . He shrank -hack iu a parosy atn p.f terror, glaring at the silver hatohet^ ns it lay upou the floor, and riointibg -at ? it with' his emaciated baud. ' 'There it. lies !' lie yelled. ' Look iit it I It has come to condemu . uie.' . ,See„ that brown rust' on it! Do, you know what that is f That is the blood of tny, dearest, best frieud, Professor -vou HIop stcin. I saw- it gush over the very handle as I drove tbe blade through His brain. M'in Gott, I see it now !' ,*-!£'ub-Iuspe,ctor Winkel,' said Bauiur. . ggYtf n; endeavoring to preserve his'flffl?,' oisViiusteriLy, ' you will arrest fUiis .i charged on his own coufessiojiffwitliittie^ Mlirder nf the late Professor.* T also deliver into your hands Vou Schlegel here,1 charged with a murderous assault upon Herr Strauss. You will also keep this hatchet' — here he picked it fro'm the floor— ' which has apparently beeu used, for both crimes.' Wilhelm Schlessiuger had 'been leau ing agaiust the table, with a face of ashy paleness. As the inspector ' ceased? speaking, he looked up excitedly. ' What did you say ?' he cried. ' Von SfihlegeKattnck Strauss ! The twodearest friends in the college ! I slay my old master ! It is magic, I say; it is a charm ! There is a spell, upon ps !. It is— Ah, -I have it It is that hatchet — that thrice accursed hatchet !' aud he pointed con vulsively at the weapon which Inspector Baumgarten still held in his baud. Tbe inspector smiled contemptuously. 'Restrain yourself, lneiu Herr,' he said. ' You do but make your case worse by such wild excuses for the wicked deed you confess to. Magic and ; charms are not known in the legal vo-: cabulary, as my friend Winkel will as sure you ' 'I *know not,' remarked the 'Sub- inspector, shrugging his broad shoulders. 'There are many strange things in the' world. Who knows but that— ' What !' roared Inspector Baumgar ten furiously. ' You would undertake to contradict me ! You would set up your opiuiou I You would be the cham pion of these accursed murderers ! Fool, miserable fool, your hour has come I' Aud rushing at the astounded Winkel, he dealt a blow at him with the si|ver hatchet which would certainly have jus lied his last assertion had it uot been that, in his fury, he overlooked the lowness of tbe raft'i's above his head. Tbe blade of tbe hatchet struck one of these, and remained there quivering, while the handle was splintered into a thousand pieces. ?' WUat have I done gasped Baum garten, falliuL' hack into his chair. ' What have I done 'You have proved Herr Schlcssinger'a words to be correct,' said Von Schlegel, stepping forward, for the astonished policemen had let go their grasp nf him. ' That is what yon have done. Against reason, science, aud everything else though it be, there is a charm at work. There must be! Strauss, old boy, you know I would not, iu my right senses hurt one hair of your head. Aud you, Schlessiuger, we both kuow you loved the old man who is dead. And you, In spector Baumgarten, you would noL wil lingly have struck your friend the sub iuspector?' ? ' Not for the whole world,' groaned tbe inspector, covering his face with his hands. 'Then is it not clear! But now, thank Heaven, the accursed thing is broken, and can never do harm again. But, see, what is that ?' Right in the centre of the room was lying a thin brown cylinder of parch ment. One glance at the fragments of the handle of the weapon showed that it had been hollow. This roll of paper had apparently been hidden away inside the metal case thus formed, haviug been introduced through a small hole, which had been afterwards soldered up. Vou Schlegel opened the docutne t. Tbe writing upon it was almost illegible from age ; but as far as they could make out, it was iu meditcval German, which may be roughly translated : — 'This weapon was used by Max von Erlichingeu for the murder of Joanna Bodeck. Therefore do I, Johanu Bodeck, accurse it by the power which has'been bequeathed to me as one of the Council of the Rosy Cross. May it deal to others the grief which it has dealt to me ! May every band that grasps it be reddened in the blood of a frieud I i ' Ever evil, nover iyoo 1, lUddeDed wltb a loved one's bl ' | There was a dead silence in the room when Von Schlegel had finished spelling out this strange document. As he put it down, Strauss laid his hand aftec tionately upon his arm. ' No such proof is needed by me, old friend,' he said. 'At the very moment \- that you struck at me I forgave you in ray lie-irt. I well know that if the poor Professor were in the room he would say as much to Herr Wilhelm Schlessinger.' ' Gentlemen,' remarked the inspector, standing up and resuming his official tones, ' this affair, strange as it is, must be treated according to rule and pre cedent. . Sub-inBpector Winkel, as your superior officer, I command you to arrest me upon a charge of murderously assault, ing you. You will commit me to prison for the night, together with Herr von Schlegel ami Herr WilheluiSchlessiuger. We shall take our trial at the coming sitting of tiie judges. Iu the mean time take care of that piece of evidence '—pointing to the piece of parchment— ' and, while I am away, devote your time and energy to utilising the clue you have obtaiuerl in discovering who it was who slew Herr Schiller, the Bohemian Jew.' The one missing link in the chain of evidence was soon supplied. On tbe 2Sth of December, the wife of Reiumaul, the janitor, coming into the bed-room after a short absence, found her husband bang ing lifeless from a book in the wall. He had tied a long bolster-case round his neck and stood upon a chair iu order to commit tbe fatal deed. On thetable was a note in which lie confessed to lite murder of Schiller, the Jew, adding that the deceased had been his oldest friend, aud that he bail slain him without pre meditation, in obedience to some uncon trollable impulse. Remorse and grief, he said, had driven him to selfdestruc tion ; hu-1 he wotind up his confession by commending bis soul to the mercy of Heaven. The triul which ensued was one of the strangciit which ever occurred in tlie whole history of jurisprudence. It was in vain that the prosecuting counsel urged the improbability of the explana tion olleri d by tbe prisoners, aud depre cated the introduction of such an element as magic into a iiineteenth cenlury law-court. The chain of facts wns too strong, and the prisoners were unanimously acquitted. ' This silver hatchet,' remarked the judge in bis summing up, '? has hung untouched upon the wall iu the mansion of Graf Von Schulling for nearly two hundred years. Tbe shocking manner In which ' ; Ifti' iuot his d'nth at the' 'hands of his ifti..-ii:o huiiac steward is still fresh-In; ',y.(ui: l-^iialleotlon; ; come out iu cyidenua. that, a TeWiSflays! before the ?mur-i£i| [the ate ward. had overhauled the ol9.v^api-- usj and cleaned them. In. doiu^Jjhls he must have^Jouolied the' ®utidi^|M«tbis hatchet. \ 'Irnmeri i ately HffcrwairdB.'be slew lilS,juast»r1!whoui lie 3iai)t^p^eat faithfully for.'i^en^y years. f^Tlief \veajinu then caine, iu'-icbiiformity .-witli the Count s will, to Buda-Pestii, where, at tbe' station, Herr Wilheiui Sohleealuger grasped it, and, within two 'liQure, itfsed'iE,. gainst the person of the .diioeiisedPrdfefeaor.- The next man whom 'vta fiha%-uckii)g it is the Janitor Reiu iiMu 1 , 'Who helped to remove the weapons from the cart to the store-room; At the .first opportunity be buried it in the body of his friend Schiffer. We then have tbe attempted murder ofStrauss by Schlegel, anfl of Wiukol by Inspector Baum garten, all immediately following the tnking of the hatchet into the hand. Lastly, comes the providential.discovery .of Jlie^extrftordiuury. document which TiaB' Jje^Veid'io yduiy^lie clerk of the court. ;inVite^ourf-mpst ji&reful; con ?aeration, geutleuiien-of the jury, to this cliniu of facts, 'knowing that you will find a verdict according (lo' your con sciences without fear aiid without favor.' ' Perhaps the tabstJ interesting piece of evidence to the English reader, though it fouuji few s up po r te rs a moug, .the Hun gariaii'a'iidience, 'was thatofDr. Lange mann, the eminent medico, -jurist, who jjSKwritten text-books upon metallurgy van iStex i col ogy . He said ;— .. ' I am not so sure, gentlemen, that there is need to fall baftk upon necro maucy -or thfe bla'ck art tor an explana tion of what has occurred. What I say is merely au hypothesis, without proof of any eort, but fu a case so extraordinary every suggestion may be of value. The Rosicrucians, to whom allusion is made in this paper, were the most profound chemists of tiie early Middle Ages, and included the principal alchemists, whose names have descended to us. Much as chemistry has advanced, there are some .points in which the ancients were ahead, of us, and in none more so than the ma-' nufacture of poisons of subtle and deadly action . This man, Bodeck, as one of the elders of the Rosicruciaus, possessed, too doubt; the receipe of many such mix iturefe, some of which, like the arjuawft io fanri of the Medicis, would poison by peuetratibg through tbe pores of the skin. It is conceivable I, hat tbe handle of this silver hatchet has beeu anointed by some preparation which is a diffusible poison, having'tbe effect upon the human body of bringing on sudden and acute attacks of homicidal mania. In such attacks it is well known that the madman's rage is turned against those whom he loved best when saue. I have, as I remarked before, no proof to support me in my theory, aud simply put it forward for what it is worth.' With this extract from the speech of the learned aud ingenious Professor, we may close the account of this famous trial. . 