THE AMANUENSIS. Mrs. Bloggs was a widow resi'ding in Prahran. She lived in her own house, which was a very comfortable house, and she enjoyed an income of some £400 per annum, left to her by the late Mr. Bloggs, the eminent pork butcher and bacon curer. Add to this explanation that Mrs. Bloggs was a buxom, nice-loolking woman of some forty years of age; lively and alert, and disposed to take life easily and cheerfully, and there will be small wonder that she was regarded with eyes of affec tion by many worthy gentlemen in her neighborhood. Say what we may, thare is something very attractive in a widow; especially when she is possessed of a com fortable income and a cosy home. Bless me, the bachelors of Prahran used to eye the trim garden, and attractive aspect generally of Mrs. Bloggs' villa with hungry eye-yes, hungry eyes. But Mrs. Bloggs was a prudent woman. Whether her experience of the late M?r. Bloggs had not given her a very exalted idea of the disinterestedness of the male sex, or whether she enjoyed the liberty overmuch, which the denmise of the late Mr. Bloggs had brought about, the author of this verithble story cannot say. It is certain, however, that selo surveyed the position with coolness and candor. She had evidently made up her mind that matrimony was very much a matter of business, and that two people entering upon the speculation should do so in a commercial spirit. And really, as the world wags, Mrs. Bloggs was not far from the truth. There were two of her suitors who stood, perhaps, in higher favor than any of the others. No doubt this arose in the fact that they were more persistent and eager than their competitors. At any rate, it is certain that Mr. William Rubbles and Mr. Augustus Spraggles appeared to win more of the widow's smiles and good favor than any other of the gentle men who sought them. And, of course, in the nature of things, they hated each other with a deaidly hate. SMr.Willianm Rubbles was a retired man. He was a contemporary of Mir. Graham Z ''.:·. :: Berry, and had made as much out of his grocer's shop as that gentleman has pro bably made out of politics. He was "well in," owned a terrace of houses, some sound stock, and altogether was, as financially regarded, a very comfortable party. But, physically considered, Mr. Rubbles was not the sort of manil to excite within the bosom of any woman the flame of love. He was short, and fat, and pinmply. He breathed in an apopllctic manner. His manners were coarse; lie had a habit when eating, for example, of consuming his food in a repulsive fashion. Nevertheless, there were very many maidens and widows who would have been glad enough to take Mr. Rubbles for better or worse, and who, having accu rately compared the advantage of his financial aspects with the disabilities of his physical and mental attributes, were ready to put up with the latter in order to enjoy the former. Such is the sordid character of the times. On the other hand, Mr. Augustus Spraggles was a very dashing sort of fel low. He was tall, and well made. His wlhiskers were dyed to a nicety. He carried himself with a military air, and had very expressive black eyes. But he was as poor as a rat. That was no secret. When a man like Mr. Spraggles attempts the Grand Seignor business and can't pay the cost, the story soon ekes out. And so it was known, right and left, that Mr. Spraggles was " down on his luck," and those who observed his attentions to Mrs. Bloggs, not unnaturally referred them to a desire on hfs part to take up his quarters in her house, and become matri monially entitled to a share in her income. Although Rubbles and Spraggles were rivals, the fact was outwardly ignored by each. A kind of semi- confidence was maintaincd between them, of that kind which is an attempt on either side to mislead and confuse. On the part of Rubbles it was a concession of an ignor-ant and purse-proud marn to asn intellectual superior. Rubbles was wholly without educational culture. He could not even read, and was one of those remarkable people we sometimes encounter, who, despite educational disabilities, push their way to the front, and eclipse intellectual superiors. The necessity, in such cases, stimulates the mind, and prompts the invention. On the other hand, Spraggles was one of those flashy, superficial people, who, by dint of self-assertion and a certain fluency of talk, so readily impose upon an igno r.ut man like Rubbles as a very high class creature indeed. Therefore, while Rubbles, conscious of his pecuniary ad vantages, would have lorded it over Spraggles, lie was never free from the humiliating reflection that the latter had a cettain advantage which no money could compensate for. Nevertheless, he was fully determined to own the widow, and curiously enough, selected his rival as an agent by which to do so. One day lie called upon Mr. Spraggles at his lodgings. He found that gentle man attired in a ragged and faded dressing gown, and occupied in the discussion of a red herring and a bottle of beer. The curious wonder with which the ex-grocer regarded the surroundings of the broken down gentlemlan was not lost upon the latter; but lie inferred that such a visit as that of Rubbles meant business, and so did nolL resent the intruaon. '"Spraggles," said Rubbles, " Isuppose you won't think me rude when I say that I guess you want money." " Rude I" ejaculated the dandy. "Truth is never rudeness to a sensible man. Of course I want money. Have you come to show me how to get it ?" "I've come to buy off, if sobe as you're willing," observed Mr. Rubbles, with impressive solemnity. Mr. Spraggles regarded hiim curiously. "Buy me off!" he exclaimed at last. "What the devil do you mean, Mr. Rubbles ?" "Things is come to a crisis," was the answer. "L,ook here, Spraggles-there's only two 'osses in the race, me and you " \--and MIr. Rubbles put his forefinger against his nose, and winked. A faint perception of his meaning dawned upon Mr. Spraggles. "The race ?" lie faintly ejaculated. "' Xactly-for the 'and and 'cart of the widder." " Mrs. Bloggs ?" cried Spraggles, with a laugh. "Mrs: Bloggs," responded the other. "Either me or you 'as to 'ave 'er. Now, I suggest a compromise. Look 'ere. You want money. I've got it. Now, I've been thinking that a smart young fellow' like you could do well with a start of a £100." Mr. Spraggles pricked his ears. Mr. Rubbles proceeded : "I'm quite willing to hand you over £100 if you undertake to skedadle, and leave the field open for me ; also to write in my name a letter to Mrs. Bloggs, offer ing my 'and and 'cart. There now--that's business," Mr. Spraggles stared at his visitor for a few seconds. Then lie leant back in his chair, kicked up his heels, and burst into fit of laughter. "Rubbles," lie gasped, " you are a man of business. This is reducing love to a science of commercial economy." "That's as may be," said the other sul lenly. "Are you agreeable 1" " Agceable ? " cried Spraggles, "I should thlink so. Hand ume over that writing padI." And then hlie set to work to write out a form of agreement. As written; it ran thuls :-" Mlr. Rubbles proposes to MIr. Spraggles, that he (Mr. Spraggles) should, on consideration of receivinlg £100, resignl all pretensions to the hand of Mrs. Bloggs, widow, and Mr. Spraggles, hereby receiving the sum of £100, does so resigl such pretensions subject to the approval of Mrs. Bloggs." As read by Mr. Spraggles, the docu ment rnm thus :-" In consideration and upon receipt of thle sum of £100 in hand paid by Mr. Rubbles to Mr. Spraggles, he, thile said Mr. Spraggles, agrees to leave the colony of Victoria for at least twelve months, and in no way to interfere with the said Mr. Rubbles hi his Ipurpose of matrimlonlly." " Will that do ?" questioned the volatile Spraggles. "First rate," was the answer of the delighted Hubbles. "You're a man of h-onor, I see. Asid now for the other part of the bargahain. You are a scholar I ain't. I want you to write, for me, a proposal, fust chop. There's ten tenners. Put 'em in your pocket, and smake good use of 'em." Mr. Sp-aggles fairly stared when the ex- grocer handed over ten crisp bank notes each of £10 value. However, lhe placed them in his pocket with a chuckle. Then lie wrote the following letter:--"Dear Madam,--To-day Mr. Rubbles called upon me and offered me £100 to resign all pretensions and hopes for your hand. I took the monecy, which is at your service. I need not say that millions would not bribe me from the hope of one day claim ing you as my own. He has engaged ime to write a letter of proposal to you, and I have placed this in his hands for his personal transmission to you. As you may be aware, this ignorant person is in capable of reading what I have written. Madam, it is for you to choose between the rich blockhead and the poor gentle manl" As read by MIr. Spraggles, the letter ran :-"Dearest Mrs. Bloggs,-As you must be aware, I have long given my affections tp you. I love you, Madam, with most disinterested aftfection. At our time of life such affection is no mere passing whim. May I hope, therefore, that you will consider my proposal, and grant me an interview, (luring which I hope to convince you that my views are wholly disinterested, and that in address ing you as I do I am solely moved by sentiments of the warmest and purest affection. Your adorer, "W.ILLLLsI RUFFLES." " That'll fetdh her, Rubbles," cried Mr. Spraggles, as Ihe folded and enclosed the letter in an envelope. "' What a claver chap you are, to be sure, cried Rubbles, in an ecstacy.. Lor' bless me, if I hadn't compromised I don't believe I should ha' had a ghost of a chance. Thank you, Spraggles. I sup pose you'll be off sharp ?" "Oh yes-in less than a week. I'm perfectly satisfied. As you properly put it, these matters are best settled on com mercial principles ;" and Mr. Augustus Spraggles had much diffihulty in control ling the laughter which the cunning sim plicity of Mr. Rubbles excited. * .+ * * That evening, a letter was received by Mr. Spraggles from the widow, inviting him to supper. What conversation took place, this deponent sayeth not. Certain it is that Mr. Rubbles some few months afterwards brought an action against Mr. Spraggles for breach of agreement, but was literally laughed out of court by Mr. -, the celebrated barrister in such cases. All is fair in love and war, and Spraggles is now the possessor of the widow and her income, and is to the better also of MIr. Rubbles to the extent of £100. And Mr. Rubbles now goes about declaring that if lie had known as much as lie does now he would have placed faith in neither man nor woman which is what a far more intellectual personage than Mr. Rubbles observed in the good old times of Queen Elizabeth. 