MttUm. 'Short, Starpi Shiny.' Ferrets for rabbits. Silver fever at Eudunda. Mr. Crooks is out on bail. Professor Watson is back. A scene in the Town Halt, Fatal accident at the Port. All going well at Beetaloo. Three Pullman cars ordered. Mirth is the medicine of life. Silver mines at Williamstovrn. An offence against social laws. More trouble for the Ministry. Coursing at Hindmarsh Island. Now, R.V.F. officers, wake up. Don't let the whole thing drop. A neat little speech, Mr. Scott. Mr. Todd embarks on April 22. Men don't like working in mud. Excitement on Kangaroo Island. Let us copy the good hi Victoria. France has broken her agreement. Mr. Rischbieth sticks at the bank. Toddy on telegraphy in Australia. A sad case of burning' at Kapunda. John Conigrave has written a book ! Dry Creek by no means a dry place. Where is the French word of honor ? Arsenical poisoning at Border Town. Rioting has extended to Manchester. Fruit sent to the Colonial Exhibition. Victorian barley average 19 '5 bushels. West Australia is getting a bad name. *' Issuing a misleading balance-sheet.' Western Australia mystery cleared up. Silver has been found hi Tinpot Gully. The Irish have had a national banquet. Border railway to be opened on May 1. Greece is getting ready to roast Turkey. John Bright supports Joe Chamberlain. John Bright supports Joe Chamberlain. Mr. Tarlton has answered those queries. General Owen does not favor the R.V.F. An extensive strike of miners hi Belgium. Mr. Barr Smith dead against reopening. Clements would like to be Prime Minister. Chamberlain and Trevelyan won't give in. Negotiations for amalgamation proceeding. Any amount of curious animals for the Zoo. Snpplj ing particulars for his own conviction, eh? Victoria grew 1,295,658 bushels of barley last year. The spread of education and the Irish move mti.t. More immigrants. Industrial children this time. Mr. W. J. Crawford is retiring fromthe union Bank. . No crying ' stinking fUh' about Jenkin Ctles. Hard cash not so scarce as some people thick. Only 8,000 Biitish troops to remain in Jenkin Coles has been blowing, in Mel bourne. Magnificent gold-bearing stone on Kangaroo Island. Edwin Booth's full name is Edwin Thomas Booth. The Australian Eleven have been demon strated. Another sale of working men's holdings next month. The police quickly dispelled Manchester rioters. Those notes at Perth did not go from Yan kalilla. Woik done at Dry Creek appears to be satis Gladstone will disclose his Irish policy on April 5. Graham Berry has received a handsome pietent. A purse of sovereigns for Mr. Charlick, the chessist. Civil list in New South Wales to be reduced £60,C00. Mr. Minchin has got 121 more animals for our Zoo. Commercial Bank directors to be* proceeded against. - - The British garrison in Burmah has been relieved. Contraband oats have been seized at Mount Gambier. Three deaths at Border Town from arsenical poisoning. Admiral Tryon speaks very favorably of the Protector. Still more discoveries of minerals hi South Australia. Dr. Campbell is named as a future Chief Secretary. The City Council have visited the Bankside vineyards. A royal commission on the mining industry of Victoria. Merchants and shopkeepers want Parliament summoned. The Morphett Vale postmistress is not to be prosecuted. -v The (TnininnnR don't wast to boas the declara tion of war. The ketch Lottie has been wrecked at Nuyts Archipelago. Clergy and politicians sympathising with the unemployed. Stuart Cumberland is going to explain spiritualism. Nearly 200 men employed at the Dry Creek embankment. South Australian Alliance sympathises with Mrs. Markey. The English navy is to be largely strengthened. Commercial Bank shareholders in favor of amalgamation. What more can I do than my best, asks George Giffen? Mr, Henry Taylor is helping on land nationalisation. Mr. Brown will represent Tasmania on the Federal Council. The English freight ring is being charged with conspiracy. The corporation have 16£ tons of olive berries for sale. Sir Arthur Bly th won't let France annex the New Hebrides. A thousand recidivistes being dispatched to New Caledonia. Proceedings to be taken on the Border Town poisoning cases. The Australian Eleven will try to wear their honors modestly. Only £120,000,000 wanted now to buyout the Irish landlords. The Australian Eleven nearly started then? tour inauspiciously. Could not Parliament be summoned at least a fortnight earlier 1 Fruit from Victoria has arrived at home hi excellent condition. Will the directors take up £50,000 worth of preferential shares ? Mr. Scherk wants a kindergarten established in South Australia. Mr. Crawford retires from the managership of the Union Bank. The Agents-General are waking up over the Tecidiviste question. Get work first and then begin to talk about larid nationalisation. Fruit from Victoria has arrived in London in excellent condition. An outsider won the Sir Joseph Banks Handicap in Sydney. ' Uiifcurmountable difficulties' in reopening the Commercial Bank. The Burmese have been taught another lesson by British arms. Three hundred pounds to prosecute the Com mercial Bank directors. We are getting a decent sort of torpedo station at the North Arm. French and Biitish Governments still parley nig about the recidivistes. Stuart Cumberland does not pretend to possess supernatural powers. The ship Paul Jones, outward bound from Melbourne, has been burnt. The blacks in Queensland can now indulge in their toothsome caterpillars. Some of our members of Parliament are studying irrigation in Victoria. Mr. Coles laughs at the idea of Victoria and South Australia amalgamating. Arsenic has been mistaken for pastry powder at Border Town. ReBults fatal. Mr. Todd is about to toddle back. He leaves London on the 22nd April. France is likely to annex the New Hebrides, but will not send recidivistes there. The City Land Company's call of £12,500 was paid all but £1,000 in nine days. It is proposed to send industrial school children from England to Australia. Russia says Prince Alexander shan't be Governor of Eastern Routnelia for life. The story about a thousand recidivistes coming to New Caledonia is unfounded. The sugar and molasses consumed in the United States cost £20,000,000 annually. In the coming fight between Greece and Turkey the Great Powers will be neutral. The House of Commons would not agree to an increased grant to the volunteer forces. Kiro Shiro, of Yokohama, the editor of Jiji Shimpo has been converted to Christianity. : Beach says he is ready to meet all-comers ? on theThames, but will not go to America. '- The attempt to resuscitate the Commercial Bank is ridiculed in London financial circles. The ' Lords' are agreeable to the opening of museums and picture galleries on Sundays. A trauvn Queensland was stopped through swarms of caterpillars ' greasing'' the line. No paupers are to be sent from England to Australia. Thanks; we don't need them just yet. The church to be built at Cannes in memory of Prince Leopold will be called St. George's Chapel. Mr. Lloyd, who has just been reinaugurated Governor of Maryland, is but thirty- thrae years old. The wife of a mechanic living at Sandwich gave birth to three sons. The infants are all doing well. Clements says a coalition Government ia a Government that conspires to beat the whole of the people. There are more churches and chapels iu .Lon don than in the whole of any European nation ' txcapt Fiance. Before you ran have a horse race in Mexico ' articles of agreement have to be signed before a notary public. Experiments made at the Iowa Agricultural College proves that milking cows three times a day does not pay. That 'versatile genius,' Stuart Cumberland, can produce 'manifestations' without any ghosts to help him. Wet clay or mud will eive relief from bee or wasp stings, and none of the modern reme dies are any better. t ? Glencoe, Scotland, is subject to the heaviest rainfall of any other place in the world. It ex ceeded 128 inches last year. A section of the sky some five degrees square recently photographed in Paris showed 3,000 stars on a 10-inch square plate. An American orchardist has grown a pear 2h lb. weight and measuring 14£ in. in the short way and 18J in. the long way. The potato was introduced into France 100 years ago, and the agricultural society proposes soon to celebrate the anniversary. The petition presented in London for wind ing up the Commercial Bank has not been granted. Consideration adjourned. Mr. Rischbieth is said to be the only Com mercial Bank director with his head screwed on. Are the heads of the others glued on ? The commander of a Danish Arctic ex pedition, returned to Copenhagen, says there is no possibility of ever reaching the North Pole. Mark Twain told a New York reporter that his new book, now in press, was the worst he had ever written, and would cap the climax for Btupiditv. Austria is said to have lost £9,000,000 from pleuro pneumonia, introduced by a single cow which wa3 supposed to have re covered. The first trial of steel railroad sleepers is to be made on somewhat more than thirty-seven miles of line under the auspices ot the Belgian Railroad Commission. At Ballan the recent warm weather has enabled the farmers to proceed with the thresh ing, -ine yield is proving more saticiautory than was at one time anticipated. A [strange city is Paris, with its atmosphere of art, of paganism, of materialism, and car nality, a city where ninety shops sell luxuries to one that tells the necessaries of life. The new British man-of-war Camperdown, built of steel, at a cost of £477,000, ia the heaviest ship ever launched hi England. It will be three years before she is ready for sea. Tea drinkers will be interested to learn that over half a million pounds of willow leaves, disguised as tea, were sent by America to Shanghai last year to be shipped thence as Chinese tea. Bombay newspapers say that the supply of wheat in the Ulterior of India if» almost un limited, and lhat if the weather is favorable the next crop will be much the largest ever grown hi India. Mme. Jules Fayre, widow of the orator, has just founded a ptize at the French Academy to be competed for by women of letters. It amounts to 1,000 franc?, and is to be given every two yeais. The American colony in Paris numbers about 3,000 people, but the shopkeepers say it is worth more to the trade of the French capital than its 30,000 Germans and 28,000 Italians combined. It has come to be a common practice in Irish hunts to warn the crowd against a horse that makes too free with his heels by tying a danger signal, hi the shape of a red ribbon, on his tail. It is stated that five oleomargarine estab lishments in New York and Brooklyn, though not running at their full capacity, are neverthe less producing together a thousand packages of bogus butter per day. The air 'Ye banks and braes o' bonnie Doon' is of English not Scottish origin. It was the tune of a ribald son? in the reign of Elizabeth, and the original MS. is to be seen hi the British Museum. In St. Petersburg there are men who take about hot tea in large metal pots covered with felt, and sell it to hack drivers and coachmen, who have to wait for long hours in the cold when there is a party. Mr. Justice Manisty, at Lincoln assizes, re commended the imposition of a tax on revolvers, with the view of checking the possession of them by persons too ready to use them upon tne sngntest provocation. Lieut. Taunt, of the United States Medi terranean squa Iron, now at Berlin, states that tbe4Lower Congo is dreary and worthless, but the upper Congo has a marvellous climate, and the soil is wonderfully productive. In the Island of Trinidad is a large lake of asphalt. A Scotchman who owns a small corner of this lake receives an income of £5,000 a year from it. He holds it under a grant given by Charles II. to one of his ancestors. The loftiest active volcano is Popocatepetl — ' smoking mountain' — thirty - five miles south-west of Puebla, Mexico. It is 17,781 feet above the sea level, and has a crater three miles in circumference and a thousand feet deep. An Illinois farmer left a can of nitroglycerine on the table of his cottage. It is supposed the cat pushed off the can, for after a tremendous explosion she was found clinging to a tree 500 yards away, nervous, but almost uninjured. People hi England who grow flowers for a living complain of the ruinous competition that has sprung up in the last few years, their rivals being none other than the nobility and gentry, who send their flowers and fruit to market. The total number of personal accidents re ported to the Board of Trade by the several railway companies during the nine months ended on September 30 looks formidable. It amounted to 710 persons killed and 5,098 in jured. A hundred couples of deaf mutes danced to the music of the 14th Regiment band hi Brooklyn recently, and are said to have ' kept perfect time to the music.' By what means they are so guided hi their time is left to con jecture. King Alfred of England set apart a seventh part of Mb own revenue for maintaining a number of workmen, whom he constantly em ployed hi rebuilding the cities, castles, palaceB, and monasteries which had been destroyed by the Danes. The celebration of the fifth centenary of the University of Heidelberg next August will be a gigantic affair, over 20,000 old students being expected, as well as many other guests, depu tations, &c.; The preparations have already commenced. Ladies' hair is to be worn very high on the head hi Pasis this winter. For the benefit of belles with long throats, however, a few curls may fall from the high coils of hair, so as to avoid the ugly effect of too great an exposure of bare neck. A cow giving milk should never be allowed to drink any water which would not be fit for thoee to drink who use the milk of that cow. As well drink Che water from a filthy barnyard pool as allow a cow to drink that water and then drink her milk. Mies Maud Gardner, daughter of ex Governor Gardner, of Massachusetts, is credited with the introduction of a new in dustry for Boston women. She is a whist en thusiast, and has consented to give morning lesBons in the game to her friends. It would seem that the grand docks which are to be constructed at Tilbury will bring new and extended life into Gravesend. Several gentlemen have taken steps for the purchase of the famed Windmill Hill, upon which they hi tend to erect handsome resi dences. Helloffite is the suggestive name of a new explosive, compounded hi a German laboratory. It is said to be a mixture of nitro-glycerine and gelatine, dissolved in strong nitric acid. Its power is greater than that of nitro-glycerine or dynamite, and it is much less dangerous to handle. Rouen and Havre having been placed in suc cessful telephonic communication, it is con templated to give the benefit of a similar connection to Paris and Rouen. Meanwhile the engineers of the French service are estab lishing a telephonic line between Paris and Rbeims. If the military forces of all Europe was drawn up in line the distance from right to left would be 6,000 miles, as the force would consist of 9,000,000 soldiers. The reviewing officer would require an express train for several days to go from one end of the line to the other. The Bulgarian ' hurrah' is as terrifying as the Turkish 'Allah !' which has ofttimes scared the Russians from then: trenches. It is said that the terror of the shout with which the Bul garians rush to the storm sufficed to secure the evacuation of more than one formidable position. A movement is on foot in the House of Lords, at London, to present Earl Granville with a testimonial hi honor of his thirty years' Bervice as Liberal leader. The sum of £1,000 has already been collected. The present will probably be hi the form of a picture of his wife and children. On tne stage of the Concordia Theatre, in Berlin, there appears now a Goliath of our day, Here Franzi, who is eight feet and six niches high. Giam Franzi is a Tyrolean by birth. He is only 20 years old, and physicians think that the boy may still grow up, Franzi has a pretty feminine face. In the German army salicylic suet is now used universally for footsores from riding, &c;, and is found much more satisfactory than the salicylic powder which was formerly employed. The salicylic suet is composed of two parts of pure salicylic acid and ninety-eight parts of the best mutton suet. Lieutenant Greely believes that there is an ocean 1,500 miles hi diameter round about the Pole that never freezes, and conjectures that the Pole itself is hi the centre of an ice-capped land coveted with ice from 1,000 to 4,003 feet thick. These conclusions are rejected by prominent Arctic authorities hi England. The obelisk unveiled at Birmingham hi memory of the late Colonel Burnaby is 50 feet high, and is adorned by significant symbols, including a moulding of primroses. The memorial was contributed to by men of all shades of political thought, and the money was chiefly given by the working classes of Bir mingham, 