An Unmasked Card-Sharper. THEY were discussing the latest scandal. A young man of good connections hkd been ' ignominiouely expelled from a club. Playing in collusion with a professional gambler, he had cheated at cards, and in a few months had won a considerable sum. And has he billed himself ? " asked some one. "Bah!" replied another. " Do men kill themselves for so little nowadays? It was difrent in the good old times.-" " In the good old times, as you call them," said old General Boy, " those who adopted the card-sharper's profession killedthemselves no more than do those of the present time. A few exceptions there may have been among those who were detected at the outset. But if the first attempt succeeded, they did as they do to-day, they quickly accustom themselves to theft degradation. Ah, it is so easy 1 When fespect for his own go6d name .will not restrain a mSib at the first step, it is entirely dead within him, and even a scandal will not revive it. " By the way, I oan .tell ;you of a eurious case in point, where the herd blew out his brains, but it was not suicide. . No, strange as it may sound, it was not a suicide. Listen: *- " It was some fifty years ago. The press of thaHime 1 was not the terrible gossip that it is.to-day, and sensatianal news never passed certain bounds. There were not fewer scandals, but the Scandals were less known. In fact, I think there was rather more. Not £hat we were more virtuous, but the fear of public^ is certainly a great check.' " Among the elegant young fellows, the gilded youth of those tiaya,' whd~furnished the greater p&rt;'of the scandalous gossip by their eccentricities and duels, was a young gentleman attached to the king's household. I shall call him .the vicomta Boland. The n^me' was -an , illustrious one ; in fact, the vicomte was the fruit of one of those, mixed marriages introduced by Napoleon i.. General Comte Boland, whose heavy cavalry charges are matters of his'tory, Bad married the daughter of the Marquis de Brah&ao;, a member of one of the wealthiest, and. most powerful famUieB of France. His son was then about twenty-six years.of age. He had nbt the robusi, plebeian beauty of his father, who had been one pf the.handsomest men in tbe army. He was rather the delicate and. distinguished grace vof hjs mother, whose idol he was. : Having loved her husband pas- > onately, the oountess was now wrapped up in her eon. "The extravagant life led by the eon had caused a quarrel between the parents. The countess lived in the Bransao Hotel, one of the finest in the Faubourg Saint Germain, while the .general, secluding himself in a little chateau in the forest cif S6aart, passed his time in the pleasures of the chase. They say he had ill-treated his wife, but it was utterly untrue. The fact is that there had been between .the general and his wife two terrible scenes. " The first was caused by an idea whioh took possession of the countess. She. found this name ' Briard' too plebeian for her son, and tormented her husband to obtain the Mng'a authority to add to it that of De BranSsc. The general energetically refused. "' My name bas sufficed for me,' said be, • for me who have made it famous. It will do for this fine gentlsmen, my son. If he does not find it biilliant enough, let him try to add to its lustre.' -" The second scene was brought about by the vicomte abducting a ballet dancer, and by a duel and a debt which were the consequences of this little Affair. The general brought tbe eon before bis mother and roughly reproved him for his fcllf. Instead.cf supporting her husband, tbe countess ma3e excuses for her son. Women always are indulgent toward the man in a love scrape. " Aa the general told his son that his fortune was not sufficient to maintain such scandalous absurdities, the countess unhappiJy interjected: ' " Oh, the fortune of the De Bransacs will amply Eufiiae for him. " She had not calculated the effect of her speech.: An hour later the general left the hotel and went to his chateau; at the end of a week the family notary informed the countess that her entire personal fortune was at her disposal. Tb e separation was complete, and the general lived alone on tbe fifteen thousand francs which constituted the revenue he received from his own fortune. " The son made ducks and drakes of her fortune. At the end of six months the countess was half ruined, and the energy of tbe notary alone saved her from her Eon's extravagances. "All at once it became known that the vicomte, Boland no longer belonged to the king's household, and that he had handed in his resignation as lieutenant in a cavalry regiment. That is what was given out, but rumours of a different character were afloat. The countess no longer appeared in public, but confined herself to her hotel. In afew weeks she seemed ten years older. " The "vicomte, after a voyage of some weeks in Italy, returned to Paris, took apartments in the Bue de la ChausE^e d'Antin, and lived the life of an idler on the pension of a thousand francs a month allowed him by his mother. It would be little to-day; but-at that time it enabled a man to make a figure in the fashionable world. He pasEed his time between love adventures, the theatres, and the green table. Then little by little his elegance and his eccentricities began to-be talked about. Clubs were not as plentiful as they* are now, but the gilded youth and the gamestera had a few of them where lovers of the green cloth could amn&e; themselves. "Ons evening when the Vicomte Boland, after having won a considerable sum from one cf his friends, offered him his revenge, his opponent rose, and pushing* away the cards, looked at him in a singular manner. "' Well, no, Boland,' said he; ' what with your luck with' women and your luck with cards, you have too much luck for one man.' "Boland, though somewhat choleric, demanded no explanation, and contented himself with laughing. _ "Some days after, the Prefect of Police announced himself to the general at his chateau. What passed between them I do not knowj. All that is known of the affair is that they returned together to Paris. " At eleven o'clock of the evening following that interview, the vicomte was seated at a table playing ecartd. He had just won ten succes&ives; ganles from an Englishman, who, passing through Paris on his way home, had been introduced at the club by one of the members. Boland had a considerable sum before him. The loser bad just risen, and before leaving the table had bowed thrice, when an elderly gentleman approached the table. " * Will the Vicomte Boland permit me to take the gentleman's revenge ?' "The young man paled. It was his father. "' As you are a bold player, I" offer you a bold game. It will ba useless for you to say that it is too high. Esad.' And ,the general handed him a note folded twice. ,"The vicomte glanced over it, and shuddered "visibly. '"Do you accept?' "He bowed. The general seated himself opposite his eon, cut a king, and dealt the sards. He won the first hand.- .When it was the vicomte's deal he trembled slightly, and a strange light shone in his eyes; nevertheless, he played on. The general won aggiin. . " The vicomte rose, pale as a ghost, endin a smothered voice said : "'In an hour, sir,'I shall have "acquitted myself." "Heleft the room without another word, " On the following moraine; the gnatdiana of the Bois de Boulogne brought in the body of the Vicomte Baland. His head was Mo wn to pieces, his hand still grasping the pistol. In a portfolio was found an unsigned scrap of paper, on which were the words:' The loser will blow out his trains. * . " The pretended E nglishman was an accomplished card-sharper, sent by. the ^Prefect of Police. The three bows had been the sign agreed upon between him and the "general to indicate that the vicomte had cheated. ' " The game was one for life and death between father and spn. Both were dishonored—the son by- l$Ls own act, the father by the son's.. But this dishonour fras a secret, which threatened to beoojne! an open shame. Death could atifle it—the son's death or the father's, for the stern old soldier would himself have disgraced his son had that son not kept their pact. The pries of th9 general's secrecy was his son's life."—Translated from the French of Edouafd Siebecher. •CHB BT0E1 OF I'TODKU HAH WHO WAS DEXE0XBS CHBAUNG AT A CLUB.— 