TOPICS OF THE DAY. Even the pretence of fidelity to freetrade is being abandoned by the Government. At Orange last night Mr Garvan said that " the Government had been charged with leaning towards protection. Well, he certainly ob- jected to laborers competing with under- paid men, women and children in Belgium who worked fourteen hours a day." One of the Minister's auditors cried out, " That is protection," to which he replied, " Whether it was protection or not it was competing with the labor of Belgium." Instead of denying the charge of leaning towards pro tection, Mr Garvan boldly admitted it. So far as his interpretation of the tariff is con cerned, protection has been sneaked in." At Bombala, Mr. Dibbs declared in a moment of frankness that he was " an out and out freetrader." At Dubbo Sir Patrick Jen nings said that no change would be made in the fiscal, policy of the country by his Ad- ministration. Now, what and whom are we to believe ? The Premier and the Colonial Secretary deny that the new tariff makes such a change ; the Minister of Jnstice virtually admits that it has been made. What will the out and out free trader do in face of Mr. Garvan's avowal ? Resign? Has he the courage of his obvious duty ? What will the much- protesting Premier do now that one of his junior colleagues has given him and his pro testations away so openly? What will the Parkes' contingent in the Government make of this new situation ? It seems to us that Mr. Garvan's defoence of the protectionist lean- ings of the Government should precipitate a crisis. Either Mr. Garvan should resign and join Messrs. Abbott, O'Sullivan, Forsyth and Burke, or the whole concern should fall to pieces. An important cablegram from our London correspondent throws a peculiar and rather ominous light on the strange game which is now being played by several of the great Powers of Europe on the chess-board afforded by tho plucky and ill-used State of Bul garia. That unscrupulous agent of an unscrupulous despotism, General Kaulbars, having failed in his mission, in spite of tactics which had drawn down the reproba tion of Europe, left Bulgaria, as onr yester day's cablegram stated, on his return to Bussia, taking with him all Bnssian consuls, and leaving the interests of Bussian subjects in Bulgaria to the caro of France. It seems rather strange to see a democratic republic like France undertaking such a trust as this, when Bussia has in Germany a closely allied State from which it was much more natural to ask such a service. Our cablegram of this morning explains how it was that the work was not left to Germany. That Power was willing to extend its pro tection to genuine subjects of Bussia settled in Bulgaria, but refused to include in this category Montenegrin and Bulgarian dis turbers of tho peace of tho principality in the interests of Bussia. And therefore it was that the duty was assigned to France, At this stage we have a new combination of the Powers. Germany declines to do Bussia's dirty work for her, and Franco eagerly accepts the task of protecting and sheltering intrigues against the freedom and existence of this gallant little State, which only asks to be let alone. The result is that France and Bussia aro loft in a relation of co>6peration which Beems to make Prince Bismafuk uncomfortable. The great Chancellor's reply is, so the statement goes, to instruct Prince Hohenlohc to inform the French Premier that Germany would regard the projected increase of tho military budget of Franco as equivalent to a declara tion of war. Of course, this is one of tho statements which are sure to be contradicted, aud this certainty is in proportion to the degrco of truth that they contain. But there have of late been many symptoms in France that the cowing effects of the terrible blow France sustained in her late war with Ger many are fading from the minds of tho new generation which is appearing on the scene, and that an unmeasured idea of tho military power of France is taking their place. And it i9 by no means impossible that Prince Bismarck, in the interests of the peace which it is his ceaseless desiro to prcservo, may have addressed to tho French Premier a peremptory warning regarding the proposal to still farther increase the striking power of France — an increoso which can have but one object. To theso elements of possiblo disturbance ha9 to he added the secret pur pose of Russia, which is making naval pre parations that The Times considers point to some bold and aggressive move which will shortly be made. All this makes up a posi tion of menace und uncertainty. It is with pleasure that we give tho pub licity of our col umns to the letter of tho Billing Councillor of the Cousorvativo Club Ilubitaliou of the Primrose League, which we print in our to-day's issue. This much lie-titled and most distinguished Ruling Councillor lind his heart gladdened by find ing in The JiitHif Telegraph an account of the formation of a Habitation of the Prim- rase League in Sydney. And as he could not learn the address of the 110 doubt equally bc-titled and similarly distinguished. officer of the Sydney habitation, be seeks to give his high! approval ! and most con servative benediction to their efforts through the medium of our columns. Wo must confess" to knowing as little of tho local branch of the lengue as tho Ruling Councillor himself. Wo do not know its local habitation, or even its name. Its most distinguished and doubtless highly select in habitants or rulers or councillors — we must beg pardon if we fall into error in the use of their illustrious titles — aro, wo have no question, highly important political in fluences of a primrosy tint, only wo liavo the misfortune to know nothing about them or their distinguished proceedings. There was just ono (lush of light when they an nounced the fact of their formation to con serve society, and then they became in volved in unbroken night to this hour. Possibly, in their .serene, conservative and slightly self-conscious fashion, they periodically assemble to enjoy in a melan choly way predictions from the novels of Disraeli and Mr. Mnlloek, and from the in spiring pages of Vanity Fair, the Morning Post aud the Court Circulur of the London papers, and then heave a common and plaintive sigh over tho rampant democracy of the age before separating. We fear that the habitation is in an uncongenial atmos phere, and its existence is recalled by Mr. Galloway's letter like that of a ghost of the past. 