ECHOES OP: MELBOURNE .'.?-?:. .: ?!. i. (By The. Ghost.) : . , . 'There are signs that the flood of oratory ; »' set loose by the refusal of Miv Gillies to ; profit' by the offer of: the Opposition, to ; ?allow the- second reading of tho Irrigation , Bill toipass withmit discussion, is sub-' ?siding. '.The measure is essentially one of details, , -and tho debate ?will therefore; ?naturally take place in. committee. Still bly to contribute his dribble to the stream of talk, and repeat what has been said by previous speakera-rr the remarks as a. rule : not; improving upon further acquaintance — ? the Government meanwhile , remaining as ? mute, as the sphynx. Tho. Ministry, if they are endeavouring to Jathovn tho drift ? o£ public opinion in regard to the .???drill, ?must be. sorely- puzzled, for. neatly every/ speaker has some crotchet; of his ;O\va he desires to see incorporated' in the measure. 'The Government will nolens voUns beiforced to accept the full responsibility of framing the measure,: and; , thus reaping i. all the fcudos, or incurring.. the entire blame at taching, to .the ;act, according: as it may., turn oufc.pn trial to be either a success or a failure.;, ,,..; :.,,;,.. ,?'? .??.;..? ..-.?. 'AtinfliDr -nniTit linn hnnn snored against the Government, tlio Ministry having been compelled by the Opposition ;tocaccept a measure granting the electoral franchise to the police,who have hithbrtp.be'en debarred . from voting. ' Messrs. Deakin and. Gillies, ?with characteristic 'wrong-headednesa, i chose to oppose- the bill . introduced by Messrs. Shakel;! and Madden,, but their colleagues perceived the , temper, of the House in- time, and .averted defeat by bowing to the 'force of, circumstances, and allowing the ? second /reading ,: of ...the^ measure . without going to a division in which the Government, would assuredly have , . been .badly beaten. The lesson, conveyed to.'.Mr. Gillies on 'Tuesday may perhaps teach that autocratic gentleman that ho has -neither a : very numerous nor very obedient following, and cannot carry out his intentions in the high- handed manner , affected by the Service-Berry coalition, and .that there are ia truth coalitions and.cpalitions. iihere ; may, after ? all be , some closer connection than the world ; generally thinks between Mr. 'H. De Beaumont,' valias Henry Bryant, the hoaxer, of the Age on the occasion of the first Russian scare, 'and his' Imperial Majesty the Czar. -Synbhronously with the reappearance ?of Mr. Bryant in society, after, a!retire ? mehtof five years in H.M. establishment at Pentridge, we have news of Russia tearing ?up i the Treaty of Berlin by declaring Batouui no longer a free port, and flinging ? the pieces in the face, of Europe. , Perhaps ?theMuscovite autocrat has learned through his 'friend' that our Victorian Militia is no longer commanded by Colonel Sargood, arid that three others of bur most distin guished warriors have relinquished the -trade of arms and accepted the post of Civil Service Commissioners. Who knows but that the news that we cannot afford, ?owing to short. supplies of ammunition, to let our defenders have more than fifty car tridges . a-piece for^ practice during the year, !inay' not have been telegraphed to the' Emperor Alexander, . and . have in flamed his desire for conquest. Now that the ', Count do Beaumont ' has regained his, liberty 'Russia , should be . closely watched.. The A ge might perhaps .under take, the duty. . , The experience of most persons who have ?recourse , to tho law for the' redressal of tboir grievances and find that their last state is worse than their first is ,ribt being borne out.in the instance of Mr. Valentine Browne. That lucky individual has just scored another legal victory. Successful in his action f or libel . against Melbourne Punch, from the pro prietors of which periodical he obtained .£200 in the! shape 'of damages, and beat a second tiine on appeal to a higher tribunal, he obtained a, verdict from the Pull Court against the Civil Ser vice Commissioners who wrongfully dis pensed with his services, and has now ;inducod the Court to refuse the permission to appeal to the Privy Council the Govern ment were desirous of . obtaining. Yet, perhaps, after all , Mr. . Brown may not be at the end of . his troubles. The law officers of the Crown have ?the. advantage . of ... fighting their battles with othor people's money, and are not, it is said, prepared to acquiese without a further struggle in the decision of the Victorian Law Courts. If Parliament does ?not intervene to stop theini they intend ;petitioning the Privy Council to hear their .appeal, despite the refusal of tho local judges. They would act . more wisely by . gracefully accepting their defeat and amending, the Civil Service Act! whore it has been shown to be defective. But. ; Messrs. Wrixon and Cuthbert, who ; --respectively hold tho positions of Attorney I and Solicitor-General, are not famed for j; wisdom, andas there is always a chance in | law proceedings,. and indulgence in them will personally cost them nothing, they I may elect to carry the matter further. I The varibusiOrarige.lodges'.of the colony' 1 were unusually demonstrative on tho 12th... I inst., the last anniversary of .the Battle of 1 the Boyne and their .proceedings were I rendered more than usually important by I 'the' countenance openly afforded: them bya. I number of i i members of Parliament, i; Of I these the most demonstrative were un-i I doubtedly Messrs. J. B. Patterson andJ. 1 Munro. The mantle of Mr'.' OR. Richardson, jl the gentleman of Fish Creek fame, who no ;§ longer adorns, thei. front-..'. benches of the m Legislative Assembly, has since that fl gentleman1, i-who'.occupiedf.the:- position of if Grand' Master '?, of .tha, Orange Lodges of. v; §* Victoria, fallen on- ', the member for, Castle-^ \W mainb, who'by'thewayjis.thejOnly/jnember, ft of the Legislature who1 has :'' the courage fflboldly to avow his connection with the l»-rder. Other 'honourable' members have ' now dqne:sp,-in a, mild,.apologetic:sorfc of way, evidently!: with, a view.bf :dopr'ecating the ire pf'a-seqtion.' of/the voters through whoso instrumentality they, attained their seats. But!. though events; march' quickly in Victoria;; tneir-conduct-twill not -be forgotten some thirty / inbnthsr hencei and Mondays' ;Julyi 12,': will: tcause jndre'' than one of !f.tHe,-smaller.legislative fryito-bidi a long farewell to legislative greatness, and' afford them leasure for ruminating on tho wisdom of 'the adage 'that; asserts the unwisdom of kicking down the ladder .which1 has'helpedto enable one'to 'clamber into' high places'. , : r ' ?: ' ' . There is apparently, in' the old country,( quite as much inclination to grease the fat' pig, as there is in democratic Victoria. Butit must nevertheless come as'a 'surprise to many that1 Sir William 'Clarke, our -first and^only' Victorian Baronet; should ?? have1 been selected by one of the most ancient . seats of learning in the1 world; as the re cipient of the' honour of the degree of D.C.L. Sir 'William is neither anorator nor a statesman, ? nor has he' hitherto taken an active part or been conspicuous on the political stage. His sole claim to distinction is his wealth, and'; his readiness, in season, knd out of season,' to 'shout champagne,-' and it will doubtless— when he once more fcakes^his seat jiri the 'Legislative -Council Ohatrber— sOundas strange to' himself as it will 'to others to'hear himself alluded to as ',' the honourable and t learned ' member.' ' The conference of the' distinction honoris causa, only shows what- may happen to a' Victorian in England ! ' ? ' ' ? ' ! July:l7i- :'.'?-??-? --??? ????? ???;.' - ???????? j ? -?? -=? '??'??'- '-? ????'- :????-':? 