G"RETN A""GRE E'N RE VI S ITED;. (' English Illustrated 'Magazine.') (Concluded from Yesterday.) But when Gretna knew- them 110 more, JardiiieVcliaiice had come. Even at Springfield the lino lias always been drawn at female priestB, and from tlio " big house " used to eoino frequent meBeages to the shoemaker with its mistress's compliments and would lie step up at buce. Tho old gentleman is a bit of a dandy in liis way, 'arid it ib pleasant to know Unit Nature herself gave him those occasions a hint when it waB time to drees. The rush for him down dark fields and across the HeadlesB Cross was in a flurry of haste, but in the still night the rumble of a distant coach had been borne to him over the hotveB aud meadows, and Jardine knew .what that meant as well as tho marriage service. Sometimes tho coaches came round liy Spring field, when tho hall was full, and thuro wuo a tumbling out aud ill again by trembling run aways at the rival inns. Even the taverns have ruu couples, and up and down the sleety street horses pranced and panted in search of an idle priest. Jardine remembers one such nightmare .time when the clatter of a pursuing vehicle came nearer and nearer, and a sweet young lady in the Queen's head flung up her hands to heaven. Crash went her true lover's fist through a pane of glass to awakon. the Btreet which always sloeps with one eye open) with the hoarse wail, " A hundred pounds to the man that marries me !" But big as was tho bribe the speed of the -pursuers was greater, and the maiden's fallier looking in at tho inn in an inconvenient moment called her away to fulfil another engage ment. The Soltvay lies white from Gretna Hall like a sheet of mourning paper, between edges of black trees and hills. The famous long, low .'room still lookB out on an ageing park, but they 'aro only ghosts that join hands in it now, and it is a clinging to old days that makes the curious moon peep . beneath the blind. The priest and unbidden witness still are, but brides and bridegrooms conic no more. To the days of his youth Jardine had to fling back Lis momory to recall tlio gravel springing from tho wheels of Wakeliclds flying chariot. The story is told ill Hutchison's " Chronicles of Gretna Greon," the first volume of which leads up to but docs not broach the subject, and is common proporty atSpringfiold. The adventurer's dupe was an affectionate schoolgirl, on whoso feelings lie worked by representing himself as the one friend who could save her fnthor from ruin arid disgrace. Tho supposed bankrupt was said to have taken flight to Scotland, aud the gift of fifteen, jumpinginto Wakefield's coacli at Liver pool; started with him in pursuit. A more graceless rascal .never was, for at Carlisle tho adventurer swore that lie had talked with Miss Tumor's father in an hotel whero ho was lying hidden from tho sheriff's oiiicurs, and that the fugitive's wish was that sho should, without delay, accept Mr Wakefield's hand. The poor lassie, frantic with anxiety, was completely gulled, and on March 8, 1826, Wakefield's coach drew up at Gretna Hall. Too late catnc the pursuit to stop the marriage, but the runaways were traced to France, and tho law soon had the husband of a week by the heels. He hud trusted, like all his brotherhood, to tho lady's father making the bcBt of it ; and so perhaps ho did ; for the adventurer's address for the next \- three years was— Newgate, London. When David Lang was asked during Wakefield's trial how much lie had been paid for discharging the duties of priest, lie replied pleasantly, " L20 or L30, or perhaps L40 ; I cannot say to a few pounds." This was pretty well, but thore are ' autcnticated cases in which L100 was paid. The priests had. no fixed feo, and charged according to circumstances. It ib told of Joseph Paisley that when on his deatli-bed lie heard the familiar rumblo of the coaches into the village, he shook death from liim, ordered the runaways to apr "proacli "his presence, married three couples from his bed, and gave up the gliost with throe hundred pounds in liis palsied hands. Beattie at the toll-bar, on the other hand, did not scorn silver fees, aud ns occasion warranted the prii stB have doubtless rauged in their charges from half-a-crown and a glass of whiskey to a 'hundred pounds. Though the toll-bar only at Tare intervals got wealthy pairs into its clutches, Murray had not been long installed , in office when pockets crammed with fees made him waddle as heavily as a duck. Fifty manages a month was no uncommon occurrence at Gretna at that tinio, and it was then that the mansion .waB built which still stands about a hundred yards- on the . English side of the Sark. The toll-keeperi to whom it owob its existence, erected it for an hotel that would rival Grotna Hall, and prove irreBiBtiblo to couples who, on getting married on the Scotch Bide, would liavo to pass it on their return journey. But the alteration's of the Marriage Laws marred the new hotel'B chances, andMurruy found that he had overreached himself. Perhaps ono reason why lie had no longer prospered was because he pursued a niggardly policy with the postillions, ostlers,- and other rapscallions who demanded a share of tho booty, The Laugs knew what thoy were about far too woll to quarrel with tho post boys, and stories are still current in Springfield of theso faithful youths tumbling their employers into the road rather than tako them to a " black smith " with whom they did nut deal. 