Victoria Amateur Turf Club Meeting. A more enjoyable afternoon conld not have been wished for than that which favoured the Boxing Day Meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, and notwithstanding the numerous counter attractions provided for the publie, the Oanlfield Course was most extensively pat- ronised on Saturday. Some tune before the first event was run his Excellency the Gover nor and suite arrived on the course ; and as there was a large nnmber of ladies present, tbe grand stand enclosure presented quite a brilliant appearance during the afternoon. Though the.recent heavy rains rendered the going a trifle heavy, the course was in excellent order for raring, and ' though several falls occurred in the jumping races, it is pleasing to note that no serious accident marred the enjoy ment of the outing. Tbo afternoon's proctedxops commenced with the Selling Race, .which resulted in a narrow victory for the favomrite, First Fop, who, on being submitted to auction, was sold for L85, of which sum the club received L45. Of the eight borsee that weighed out for the Hurdle Race Vulcan, on the strength of a satisfactory privi£e 111 with Duration, was installed fayojtfite. General a .Dewg% hofsfoer, tinna mwA nothing tatod better S SSr'H zd few -K Horae and ffippogriff,but would have been eerred by u httle ZSZr Iu noiot of «rtita»Oon Firat Pnnoe .tetter LvouritothMi Comartue. SfsSfgumori awarded to Mr. Davia a mare was of a more general character, and her Recess would have been very well received. hK>, who has been a very disappointing ISPhad a fewj friends, and vestments were madam favour of the i Ballarat wpiSentaUve, Sea Horse, and The Agent. WhS the lot were j-wnrmd some trouble at the start, out mr. "Watson was enoces6ful in getting them away toTeap stark For toe rorly Tonot tha race Sea Horse showed the way, but Hrfore traversing half the distance, he m content t-» follow the lead of Hippognff, 5S3"« SA «rt.n nflFnria of Camenn and The Agent, further on Starfish came to grief. In fence , tor u T,&dv; Ashton, wno had rSe ruut' aed -'h koauder at to front ot the aland ; they Vmweverwer e both kept on their feet. At S obstacle, Native also struck o J"®® ais0 cleverly recovered, hoa' ,bu tell when making a was Btill further fZduoed by Native coming down at the tot Sleamog the tone to Meander and Lady 5SS' The tot-named tired perceptibly in ABhton. j. . Meander scored an easy Che run home, and Aieanaer j win. The meeting concluded with the MLalve n FTndieao whicn was won easily by the fomfteSolo, with Gardenia second, and the details of the racing:- o.— wwTpAPE of 100 80VB. The winder to be Pfor L160 Five furlongs and a half. 6 ""'s7 , Mr G. <£» A i' ar 6 Bro 8 MrW. M. Bobertsoni eh t'krelgte # : iJt. Hawke'e br m Beprise. ««» <40'7£JS 0 Betting": 7 to4 on First Pop, 5 to 1 agst "itoTand Hopetoun signalised the fall of the h, L once showing to the front slightly u fiBghyatoueee Straight Shot, while advance Meu an Before n£d£Z wversed First Pop and « t«m att together. The favourite XSftJ? meT lmin. ISsgc. SSTteld to Mr. J. Wame to Httbdle Race, of 3 rovs each. with OfTaova. added. One mile and three- MrTlvsbg terioga. by , fi'vrt 10st llb_SiidufE 2 fitJSSStKSlffii..'. Hteg s ma. ttoips's br gVaunn, 6 yis. lOrtTO. # Oculist. aged, lOsfc 0 £5 J b DisfiUer. S M „ Ebttoiatoa'stem /Smtteroe. 6 rrW 0 ka. <j"BrieuS br g Vi®dSTbilt, « 0 ifTniiiiiiT - 7 to 4 agst ValcfiU, 7 to 2_ st rBetong-7 _ q 2 agst »eringa,5tol "rtoSfwas the quickest on hie rgrytteLpsemd Vnlcam Sen S Jasoa bring at the head of toe other divirion, which waa whipped m by Oculist. At Btodleon the hfll Arganthornecame down, soi Vulcan, the raw being brought crobcGeneral Jackeon and DtsfeUer- Much SwTorder prevailed along the railway tot- as they rounded tbe home .torn CbroezaS Jaekaon began to improve his iSneMer the leadere. Turning into the SSpht Deringa bold a slight advantage of Bdarbut and the p«r ran over the tot ln«d3fitoethm; where Vanderbilt came down. Sr wrtretenp left Deringa wrh a good £? StowtSeterM Jacto» and Grettan 55 MMaanlibly in the ran home, the Colac dear lamto from Grattan. SBBndjSoMnwaB third, DistillOT fouiibj TTwii«»aM last. Time, 3min. 39sec. flgnis Cop, «f S with 9 soi. SfflMidtoMcritvedOeovB. One mile mifl ® mm. aeri-« by , 2&5 «- « « Oswrdoe. ajr e-t f ma. B. T fli-tVan t, ite ageot. «eej;n s llJ.6 IteV fihtnamoeWha 0 T. w.aiieeahb ViiioB.'sy eib mSTWL Jkrokes «" h 6 5£ grib 6 mjgTj, fTnwyler bg Paoas, 4 yw. 7.3 ti EttrWe 0 am m. « jMboife t» c AtogM. 0 |«b o br c flat Prince, 8 jw Brown « H spri First Prince « «»Jsws« Hilltop, fi to 1«« naACsmerene. . Agent. 8 toiagst 35-SHnto, Wtet-F- toon. aksBntart was skteyad Xt sriK to "toe -feacrionsnesB of --sai Htofcrt. however, toe flaefell acapi - ' 4: tflke nolonre of €«meiim, Sea Home. Viai»watiiMi up wimwt, eonepieaomdy in hwnx. Vkaring the 'Stand Set flow v«ms in front a then f<»< Itiwed Ouxierine ' :SSjiBKari.;jSri«llwp, d«ar 'bring 4troaght «p by SBHMoa w&d; Hiird Wil»n bsettutuig the toMfililBjgpiig«i<r run op la Sea Howe, mad toe .; 'H 'Sw<eriher. «kmg the «de just <g|Mr;,g toid Ihwt Ajmyjtoe; before Oamerine ;TbeAgentwMthY was fourth, Grace Darling fifth, tbe last to pass toe post being Lord Wilton and Mermen. Time, 2min. 36sec. 'Juvenile Stakes, of 5 bovb. each, with 200 bo vs. added. For two-year-olds. Five lur- Mr»ik Cook's br c Dividend, by Bolton Green-— MrJ? ofbetSon's bf Tbe Nun Sat | Mr J. G. Re'd'e br f Gadflr. 7«t lllb - J- WjUltams 8 MrL L. Smith's b or bri L -ulse Berta, Sanltj Mr B GrayVs br c Retort, 8st .. 0 Mr S. Miller's br o Munwyruna, 8st . . M InWh h Mr G DaviB's b c Day Star, Sst . . - rihan o Mr S. G. Oook's br o Malnail, Ssb .. S Mr J. Thompson's b c Master J oho. 8-t .. Neeson 0 Mr S Horsf all's br I Mistral. 7st lllb 0 Mr L. L. Smith's g or bl f Sweet Marion, 'StlUb Betting: 3 to laget Louise Berta,4 to 1 each acst Tbe Nun, Dividend, and Gadfly, 6 to 1 tocb agst Retort and Munwyrtma, 10 to 1 agst Dividend obtained a slight advantage at the start, and though The Nun ran up to him at the rod wall, he forged ahead again, and won easilv by a length and a half from The N uu ; Gadfly was third, Louise Berta was fourth, Day Star next, and Mistral last. Time, liqin. 5sec. Handicap Steeplechase, of 5 sovs. each, with 150 sovs. added. Second to receive 40 sovs. About two miles and a half. Mr S. Miller's b g Merndr, by Kingston— Pan- dora, 6 yrs, list 9lb .. -- - 1 Hon. W. Pearson's b m Lady Ashton, aged, list 61b — .. Gardiner 2 MrE. Martin's b g Native, aared list M'Leod 3 Mr M. Carey's b g Starfish, aged, lOsb 121b Carey 0 Mr 0. H T. Hart's b g Narruog, 6 yrs, lOut 2tb Narrung 0 Mr A. G. Webb's ch g Chester II. llate Chester), aged, 9st 71b .. - - Allen 0 Betting : 3 to 1 each agst Lady Ashton and Native, 100 to 30 agst Narrung, 4 to 1 agst Mern ier, 10 to 1 agst Starfish. Native and Lady Ashton made play oyer the first fence, where Chester II. fell. Passing the stand the order was Lady Ashton, N arrung, Native, and Starfish, Meruder bringing up the rear. As they ascended the hill Lady Ashton increased her advantage to six lengths. Native being clear of the other quartette. Lady Ashton led over the fence at the back, where Starfish fell. At the second of the treble, in front of the Bt-and on the concluding round, Lady Ashton and Memder, who were together in front, cannoned heavily, but they were both cleverely kept on their feet. Native struck toe same obstacle very hard, but held his place in the race, and followed the leaders over the fence on the hill. Along the back Lady Ashton surrendered the lead to Memder, but as they approached the sod wall the field closed some what. At this point, however, Narrung fell, and Native came to grief at the next obstacle, Mernder then came away at his leisure from Lady Ashton, and won easily by six lengths. Native was remounted, aud came in third. Time, 5min. 34sec. Malvekn Handicap, of 100 sovs. Second to receive 10 sovs. Seven furlongs. Mr T. Jones s r-h c Soli, by Newminst=r— Lidv Saan.3yrc,7tt .. -- -- e»ce 1 Mr G Wllson'a b m Gardenia. 6 yrs, 7s. 31 b _ .. T. William 2 Mr" J. Tu'lv's ch h Tllander, 6 yr?, 7st 6 b Hughes 3 Mr J G. Reid's ch g The Ghist, aged. Set 101b „ .. .. .. J Willi&ms; 0 MrD. M. Robertson's b h Anchorite, 5 >rs, Sst Bib — Boose 0 Mr j. A. Lang's b h Pfapier, 5 ys. Set 61b . . Furrell 0 MrC.fi. T. Mirt's b « Jocular, 4 yrs. 7« 101b _ fiutcheus 0 Dr O'Hata's eh c Lando, 4 yrs, 7st 8lb - O'Brien u Mr 8. Martin's ch c AU Gold, 8 y is. 7st 3!b Ettrldge 0 Mr 1. Foulsbim's ch f BouDie Dn.n, 3 yrs. 7st " .. — Morrison 0 Mr A, Hyman's b c Leporello, 4 yrs, 7et .. Neeson 0 Mr J Whittingham's br m Honora, 5 yrs, 66t 121b -- .. „ .. Guy 0 MrR. M'Lelland'i br cCadland, 4 yrsr fist 121b _ .. .. .. — Stratford 0 HrJ. G. Brid's bl c Nundo, 4 yrs, fist 101b Levier 0 Mr J. A, Lang's br m Agatha, 6 yrs, fist 101b Pope 0 Mr 8. Miller's br g Kooloo. S vrs, fist 101b - Turner 0 Mr J. Harper's b f St. Oil'e. 3 v rr\ firt 9lb Johns m 0 Mr J. Cohen t> b f Umbra, S yrs, fist 71b . . Flanegan 0 Mr M. Bryant" j ch m Land League, 5 yrs, 6st 9£ib (iucln dntr 4jlb .o'er) — -- Goid »n 0 Mr M. t. Whiuy'a br c G ebumer, 3 yrs, fist 3'b __ .. .. -- Gorry 0 MrS. Gardiner's br f Baf re»s, S yr., 6-t .. Davl 0 Betting : 6 to 4 agst Solo. 5 to 1 (at first 5 to 2) agst Jjsudo, 5 to 1 agst Umbra., 7 to 1 agst St. GdiJIe, JO to 1 each agst Land League, Allander and Jocular, 12 to 1 agst Honora. League jyas the first to show in front at the atoyt, but soon gave way to Umbra and Solo, who rep together to tbe turn, followed by St. Odtile. Solo, on the inside, was the first to enter the straight, and, despite a vigorous rush on the part of Gardenia and A|iW<W, won comfortably by a length. St. Odille was fourth, Honora, The Ghost, and Umbra next, and Oadland last. Time, lmin. lsec. 