A Striking Chost Story. Makt years ago, Lord Castlereagh, afterwards Marquis of Londonderry, went on a visit to Knebworth, the scat of Mi*. Bulwer, father of the first Lord Lytton. Knebworfh could boast, oven in those days, a haunted room, and this apartment was set aside for Lord Castlereagh, without any unkind intention on the part of his host, however, as the ghost which was supposed to visit this chamber very seldom made his appearance. So rare, in fact, were his visitations that his existence was not even suspected by any of the servants then in Mr. Bulwer's employ. Lord Castlereagh arrived at Knebworth late in the evening, retired early to rest, and went quickly to sleep, only noticing before closing his eyes that a comfortable wood fire liad been lighted in the quaint, old-fashioned fire place, opposite to which stood the foot of his bed. Suddenly he awoke, witli the unpleasant consciousness that he was not alone in his room, and, looking up, he saw to his great amazement that some one was sitting by the hearth, resting lus head upon his hand as he leant forward in his chair, and apparently gazing intently into the fire. Greatly surprised at seeing a stranger in his room. Lord Castloreagh sat up in bed, and was furthor astonished to see that the figure was that of a young boy, with a profusion of long yellow liair, and clad from head to foot in yellow garments of a picturesque and medircval fashion. While Lord Castloreagh was still wondering how so strange a ;figure could possibly have gained access to his room, the Yellow Boy turned slowly round, looked at him stead fastly for an instant, drew his light hand rapidly across his throat, and vanished. Next day Lord Castlereagh related to his host his curious experience of the night before. Mr. Bulwer appeared somewhat horrified at what he heard, but ho en deavored to make light of the matter, carefully concealing from his visitor the popular superstition that the apparition of thu Yellow Boy not only foretold a violent death to the mini who saw him. but also left no doubt as to the manner of deoUi tliat he should die. Strangely enough, a few yoars later, Lord Castlereagh committed suicido by cutting his own throat at his country residence in Kent — a fact which, taken in connection with the apparition of the Yellow Boy, was certainly a curious coin cidence, if nothing, more, — * Lady's Pic torial.' After Mrs. Hampton had been arrested (says the Melbourne ' Argus') on a charge of murder, and her sisters had boon removed from the room, Maiy was prevailed upon by Drs. Cutts and Elliott, who attended the injured girls, to make a confession, which is full of the strangest statements, and wluch is to be read in the light of the facts vouched for by one of the brothers, that the girls have been great readers of the 'Stead' case and other literature of that kind. The confession, which was given in tho presence of the two doctors, Sergeant Walsh, and Plain-clothes Ser geants Walsh and Cawsoy, is as follows :— ' For some time past we have been undor the influence of a secret society, which has endeavored to get us to go to the bad We felt that we were .much influenced, and that we had no option. At last wo prayed that we might be delivered from the influence. One night wo were talking about it with moUicr, and she asked us if we, rather than do wrong, would rathor die. Wo decided to die, and we went into the front room and took the little girl with us, 40 as to prevent her being brought under the influence. When we got into the front room we thought thu matter, over, and then knelt down and prayed. And as. we prayed we felt that the spirit was gently leading us. We heard a peal of thunder, and we thought that it was a warning t-j strengthen our wish to die. ' Then we prayed again, and we felt an inspiration telling us we must die, and we decided that the first life to be taken was that of the little one. We then deliberated who was to do it, and it was settled tliat I and mother should kill the child, and then we should kill each other, and mother should die last. I held the child and mother cut its throat. We then agreed to kill each other by cutting our amis, and ns the blood flew from the veins we felt the influence of the society was leaving us. and we knew tliat we were safe. Then a peal of thunder came, and we Ecreanied. After cutting the first arm we felt that we would not die, and we then cut the other.' The cuts were made across the ami from the inside to the outer side, showing that the wound could not have been self- inflicted, but the girl who made tho confession would not tell by whom the knife had been. used. It is a bold Statement To Bay that nny medicine is ' never known to fail,' but it is stated emphatically bv tlin pro prietors of Dr. Bell's (Kidney and Liver) Bitten. This medicine ii a epecific for disoascs of tho kidneys, liver and bla.ldop, and has a reputatioD of thirty years' BtandiDg. Holloway's Pills.— Iu the complaints peculiar to females these Fills are unrivalled. Their uee by the fair sex has become so con stant for the removal of their ailments that rare is the toilet that is without them Amongst all classes, from the domestic scr- vant tu the peeress, universal favour ia ac corded to theee renovating Fills ; their in vigorating aud pnrifying properties render them safe and iuvaiuable in All ciujes : tlfcy may be taken by ftraales of all ages for auy disorganization or irregularity of the system, speedily removing the cause and restoring the sufferer to robust hesltu. As a family meiU cine thuy are unapproachable for subduiugth e maladies of yonhg au'd old. 