TOPICS* Gladstone says the American axe is the best. . ■ j South Australia means to raiie a testimonial to Gladstone. Another shipload of immigrants has loft Plymouth for Sydney. Jn England aud Wales, the number of working women is 7,70G 543. The Commercial Bank of JSouth Australia is paying 12s Gd in the £. The Sydney Telegraph Ly-ec-moon Relief Fund totals £388 18s Id. Tho premier colony for medical and political quacks is said to be New South Wales. Jn the Dnncdin Girl’s High School physical education " is systematically taught. AChioago firmhas contracted to supply the French army with 7,000,0001b of tinned beef. The fourth Intercolonial Trades Oon< gross will assemble at Adelaide on September 2. For the 10 months ending Ap-il 30, the Canadian re Pernio amounted to £5,461,615. Of the 13 abstentions from the division on the Home Rule Bill, two were Conservatives and 11 Liberals. The Victory, the firet steamer of the New Guinea mail service, arrived at Thursday Island the othci day. The value of the sheep destroyed by native and tame dogs m New South Woles during the year was £54.726. Gilbert, the English cricketer, iias been sent to gaol for stealing money from cricketer’s clothes in a favilion There is much depression in the iron trade in Queensland, and the Govern­ ment arc to be interviewed on the subject The New South Wales debt, with new loan, amounts lo £4°,000,000. Expci ditorc lately a t the rate <of £5,003,1)00 year. The Tories in England went about during (lie general election with cards labelled “ Union or Separation," stuck in their hats. The Melbourne manufftclurers tJjiDk one exhibition is enough at a time. The)- fear the Wine Exhibition may interfere with the jubilee Exhibition. A Sydney paper remarks: “ A Tasmanian candidate for Parliamentary honors says that £3000 peranmnn issufficient for their Governor, because be is a bachelor. Mil Excellency is consequently prospecting for a partner to help uim to spend the full £6500. Magistrate: “ The serious charge of chicken-stealing is preferred against you, Uncle Bastus.” Uncle Basins: “ D ode indictment sa}r chicken - stealing, yo' Honah?” Magistrate: “ Yes." Uncle Rastus: “ Den de indictment am defecktive, yo’ Honah. It war a turkey I stole. I demands a habeous eorpevt, and takes advantage ob de tccnumcclities ob dc low." A farmer named Dixon, of Long Sleddale, of Westmoreland, has just tried novel and disastrous experiment with his cattlo. Ten valuable beasts were washed with shoe]) dip in order to cleanse their kins. So poisonous were the ingredients of thr^dip and so rapid its action, that tiie Jl" whole l“ , ~of * the A animals died before a veterinary surgeon could be got to the farm. At a vestry meeting held at Canterbury cm Oth May, it was slated that the offertories in the churches of St. Mary, Nortbgate, and St. Alphcgc, amounted lo only ltts last year. The churches are ' a dilapidated and ruinous state. The population of the parishes is over COOO, and an annual grant is given by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners in aid of the endowment. The Greeks believed that those who had not received funeral rites would be excluded from Elysium ; end thus the wandering shade of Fatroclus appears to Achilles in his sleep and demands tbc performance of his fnncral. The younger Fliny tells the story of a haunted house in Athens, in which a ghost played all kinds of pranks owing to bis funeral rites being neglected. The Japanese gentleman never entrusts the making of tea to bis servants on company occasions, out performs that operation himself. The teapot and cups he utes arc of diminutive size, and he makes the Leverage by pouring hot water the tea leaves. The water hardly touches the leaves before he begins pouring off a stream of pnic straw-colored tea, as delicate and fragrant as leaves. 