MELBOURNE. '. „ Jan. 27. : ' (FEOM ODE OWN COBHESPONDENT.) . .As tlie Hobart end of your correspondent lirstvsecures- the pen, it is natural that ha should.'t-ilk of the events happening beneath bis.eyes. This process of watching, the first pulse: beat of a nation -is not as exciting a oiie at yon may suppose, and the scene and the situatiiin is very different to that when the fathers of the great Ani-iicm T.'e.pnb'ic gathered to sign Ihe Declaration of Independence, s-ith brows knitted and loins girded. Instead of being driven together by the dread pressure of fear, the .colonics are uniting iu p ace ; iu place of di-biring how powder can lm ma'-11 factored and arms procured, we have had a discussion iu the newspapers as to whether Mr Scrviee in his opening add.ess properly used the word " concussed." Enthusiasm outside of ihe ranks of ihe delegates, there is none, at leart none apparent; scarcely anyone talks "f Federation, or what it may lead to, and •even the Hohart dfcreuri/, tbe leading journal .here, devotes its space this morning (Wejncsds.y), .fir t, to rebuking Mr Service for deliveriiv_' his Presidential address before the Governor had formally initiated the proceedings of the Council, and secir.dly, to telling the members that they missed their chance of niakinc a pronunciamento to the world in contracting the debate on the address in reply to two hours, when it ought to have taken two days. It was a curious fact, that through a lnisunde.- standing between the representatives, Messrs Douslass and Dodds, the vuice of Tasmania was nn this occasion unhea-d. Tile point, however, has been raised, that iu future these Presidential Addresses may be to politics what those of the Presidents' of Ihe Chambers of Commerce and Manufacturers are to finance, the review of the transactions of Australia for the year taking the place of, aud being of a cnguate character with the annual deliverance •of the President of the Unit d States of America. This. like ninny other day dreams, is I fear incapable of fulfilment until all the colonies have realised that it is their interest to come into the Union, aud present an united front. So far as regards the Council, it is perfectly clear that it intends to set to work in a conciliatory spirit. It will be humble and prudent, avoiding ail questions upon which there is a difference of opinion coercing, or, as Mr Service would say, "concussing " none of the colonies into agreement with the majority, avoiding all divisions and seeking to conciliate, so that the colonies now standing al >of may be gradually drawn in. The great hope of the delegates is that South Australia will be drawn iu by next year, and if she does it is believed that in the chances and changes of political life, New South Wales will also be enmeshed. What those chances are may be judged from the fact that out of fourteen delegates who were present at the .Sydney Convention, there were but three present in their representative capacity at Ilobart, an 1 two of these, Messrs Service and Beny, are already, politically speaking, ghosts. Another politician, Mr Adye Douglass, the Premier of Tasmania, is practical'y in the same category as he is about to proceed home as Agent-General, and the only other members of the Sydney Convention here are Messrs Kerferd aud Giblin, both of whom have jumped the judicial bench, and are spectators rather than workers. It indicates curiously the habits of mind of the people to be told that the chief objection to Mr Douglass going home is that he matried his deceased wife's sister, and therefore would not be received in English society. In Victoria we are not so scrupulous aneiit violations of tbe social code, though such marriages, legal with us, are eqnally unrecognised iu Britain. But though all these circumstances tend to emasculate the policy of the council and minimise its influence, still there cannot be in the minds of anyone accustomcd to watch the lilies upon which political thought travels the slightest doubt but that we are really spectators grouped around the bed of an infant nation to become puissant in the days to be. It does not matter by what means the future confederation of Australia may spring into being —for federated it must ultimately assuredly be —or what delay may take place before the accomplishment of the perfect unity we look for yet still the Sj'dney Convent! ,n and the meeting of the first council at Hobart must remain the corner stones of the structure, aud in Austraiasiau history the men now here will find their names recorded as the nurses who stood around the bed side of the giant child born of fair Tasmania. No matter what enthusiasm he lacking now, the federal i''ea has in it a movement which cannot be stayed, a force irresistible. It moves by inches, as the sea does, wearing dowu the rocks, but it has the accumulated force of oceans behind it. Although the season is now on the wane, and already the dews and mist cap Mount Wellington, visitors to Hobart may be glad to have a hint. I will not advertise hotels, and the scenery of lake and sea is so accessible to all that it is unnecessary to write a guide book in connection with it." But for visitors who love all forms of sport, who seek to be enchanted with the sight of the nooks where Nature bides her beauty, who would learn where the trout rise and the wild birds fly, where crag aud glen are linked by cataract, and mountain night mkts are but veiling preludes to the upspringiug of glorious highland suns, who want the bracing influence of fresh air, light, movement and exercise under the best auspices. I would say seek out Mr Webster, of the Huon caach office in Liverpool-street, and you will never have a day of ennui in Tasmania. And here let it be remarked that in a small cobbler's shop in Murray-street is retailed that Underwood's antidote for snakebite the secret of which was supposed to ba lost, and the virtues of which are still extolled by thousands of Australian buslimen. Jan. 30. The issue of the first of its series of Men of the Time by the Dailg Telegraph, has evoked a considerable amount of discussion. Not that the portrait of the Sixth Judge " is not a good one; on the contrary, a portrait of Mr Kerferd is faithfully presented. But the placing a head of very large dimensions, surmounted by an enormous wig, on the body and legs of a dwarf, is in the opinion of many folk, slightly infra, dig. in a newspaper that desires to be classed in the front rank. For myself, I take objection to this carpiog criticism. The society journals have so long had a monopoly of this cartoon portraiture, that it comes on the community somewhat in the nature of a shock to open their staid morning intelligence and to find drop therefrom a sheet of cartridge paper on which is depicted the form and presentment of one of our prominent public men. Still the Dailg Telegraph's picture is in good taste, and with nothing about it to provoke one to ridicule. Nevertheless strong exception is likely to be taken to it, 011 the ground that other public meu may fear lest ttiey be not let down so lightly. There is nothing the majority of folk dislike so much as the ridicule that attaches to a well drawn.caricature, in which, while an unmistakeable likeness is presented, some particular ftature of the face is distorted Jgtrated into grotesqueness. For this reason such efforts as that of -ha Daily Telegraph have invariably proved failures. Di. Moorhouse not to be allowed to leave us without carrying away son.e expression of the warm appreciation felt of his good works. What form that appreciation shall take from the lay members of the community has not yet been decided on, but the names of the gentlemen who are initiating the movement are sufficient to show that tbe outcome will be worthy of the occasion. There is not a great deal- of time remaining, ,as the date of Dr. Moorbouse's departure is fixed for the llth •March. Meanwhile the clergy of all denominations are preparing .addresses for only deliverance before the day we shall not be glad .to,celebrate. - . I know so little about ladies'attire and ornamentation -that- it is with diffidence I ever write • anything about, them. There are mysteries connected with the "get-up" of a fashionable lady, that no " male creature " should ever attempt sto penetrate. Now and then,-, however,,:I am fortunate-enough to oc placed; in . possession of : certain- little bits of information. .' These I give' to your lady Teaders precisely as they come to me, nothing extenuating nor setting down aught "in confarmed bachelormalice. Thus then l am told that the latest things 111 muiTs is a perfect bouquet ;of.-flowers (artihcial of course), the materials: being so-M-ranged-that when : " doing the block -' the wearer appears as though carrying, a bunch .of delicate - newly-picked blossoms.. -In books,' thslatest readable thing isfjames Payn's "Luck of the DarreU's," an Australian sedition of. which,' if -I mistake-not, ls.pubhshed- by a .Melbourne firm. ' With regard to music, our:ycung ladies are all learning the 'Fairy Voices,?' vocal: waltz, .made so -familiar and popular by the Royal pantomime r.That-.last allusion "to the-theatre" hasre- \- jninded me that .what, promised to develop into • • a very pretty little quarrel was commenced in - the dress circle:of the:Opera "House a- ; night or ' two ago;.:. On Saturday -night.- : " MadamS - l'Archiduc " was produced, with a well-known : actor in the comic rolci-'- The oast was not to ;; the tastc of the 'conriuctor of a-rival -theatre, - and this dissent he tookcare to expressin very audible .tones son .the night in question.'' : It so happened, that, the comic actor, -who, by the ' bye, is short in stature, overheard the remark. " -Thenthere was,the.deuce to-pay.- —Comeoutside sir,-'demauded he ot- ihi6 six-footassailant- T-he invitation was&tonce; accepted.-andinthe cafe liar the quarrel was renewed. Small as the comic-gentleman was,lie, for some timebreatbed nothing, but'blood and slaughter, and ' ;it was.witli-difficultv- hisfriends restramedhim. from wreaking snmmwy \eap;emee ss- ThoseofyourVeaderswhohaveaiiy facilities :forpigeonibreedmg should go into the business " ^at once.i vhoralongstimeiplist pigeon shooting ha b en grow ng n favour tiif npw I am a suied by tlie proprietor of one of the -groundsaboutasixoriseven hundred'blvds-were - shot weeklv. :1S ow the average price paid for • :theseasi.3s»ericouple.'asotthat ou 1 the 1 face'of. it « tbeie would appear to be a ver -dec nt profit obtainable. eAt .presentthe iproprietors 'ate'**•>*• their wits end to find bird for each day s El)obting, and:.Tasmaiua, A-delaide. and, other .: • outside places are-laid under contnbution- Evidentl the Railway Department 1 any :'thing(but a bed of rose —at least for the subor -dinate servant First the complaint comes that he liorters of the suburb n stations are ityranmcaU treated that the are made to do wotl on Sunday that could easily be doue during thfe week I hen the guards .advance a var ety of grie ance and are followed by the shunters. Vho feel onfident that »o branch of the service is^ial£-so badl treated as they are. Altogether the Department would appear to be in a seething condition of discontent Mp t people were undoi theimpie ion thattlns was the ver ort-of thihg the Comims ipnbrs were jjp ieiftedy But ince their advent the com )la,iiifcfe%yre been louder thau ever Many of M-iv nt-, in Oihel 1> pitbnciil tn :,M5 lool mr torn u 1 v ih 1 mid ml j-i'-c j, - 