THE HAUNTED BUNGALOW. A TEAPLANTER'S STORY. Br THE NE'EE-DO-WELL. [N.B.—Although I write the following story in the first person, I wish it to be clearly understood that I am simply reporting word for word what a tea- planter told me, and who, with several witnesses, is willing to most solemnly declare that every word in this tale is true. ] In May, 1879,1 was earning £1 a week in a shipbroker's office in London. In the following month my father died, and left me about £1,500. At the date of my father's death I was barely 23 years of age. I determined to no longer remain in a clerkship, but to migrate to the East, and turn my attention to something respectable and remunerative. I had letters from friends in India, and all I heard from seemed to be coining money. I informed my friends it was my intention to come out here and to put what money I had into some concern, and hope for the best. I do not exaggerate when I say I got scores of letters of introduction from my friends. Of all the useless, bothersome, and enigmatical productions of vile man I consider introductory letters to be the mo&t; prominent. Why are people so partial and charitable as to give letters *bo their merest acquaintances ? I left England in October, '79, and arrived in Calcutta when everything was at its best and brightest. I enjoyed the voyage out, and of course imagined myself in love. On landing in Calcutta I presented my letters of introduction to the gentlemen to whom they were addressed. They were most kind and liberal with their advice. Some invited me to dinner; some much regretted I had not been one week earlier, and declared that had I been here then I could have got a good billet easily—in fact, walked in. After hearing the same song from a good many I fancied 1 was like the unfortunate Neddy in the pathetic ballad— Neddy he came too late! too late! But Neddy be came too late. Six weeks after I had been in Calcutta I much regretted I had ever left the ship broker's office. One morning I called in one of the offices in which I had left a few letters of introduction, when to my surprise I was more than usually graciously received by the Burra-Sahib (i.e., the managing partner). u You have been a long time out o harness and on the lookout for something to do," said he. I have, indeed, and as yet I have heard of nothing at alL I want to get into something soon. I don't care what it is, and if I do not succeed in getting au appointment I shall go home again." "If I understand correctly you have twelve thousand rupees, and are aaxious to invest it to the heat of advantage." "I have about that, I think," I replied. " I want a young fellow such as you to learn teaplanting and all the secrets of the business. I presume at present you know nothing whatever about tea, its value, and the numerous etceteras," he said. I pleaded ignorance, but promised to read, mark, and learn all I could about tea. The end of it was that the next day I packed up my " household gods," such as they were, and was soon en route for a large tea-garden, on which many a young fellow had learnt all about the secrets of preparing the material for "the cup that cheers." I shall not describe the teaplaater's life; the pay for oftentimes many years is most paltry and mean, but when once made the Manager of a garden times go easier with one. The happiest year in all my life I spent on this garden, and it was with regret I read a letter informing me that I had been appointed Manager of a tea garden in — , and that I would proceed there at once. " Of late years," the agent wrote, " this garden has been badly managed, and if you can make better returns than the recent Managers have done, I shall see that the Directors vote you a bonus and allow you to put your money in it should you feel desirous of so doing." Even this inducement did not make me anxious to leave my old Mends and start off for a new garden in a part of India universally regarded as being most unhealthy. However, I went, and I found it was a long, dreary, weary ride. My traps followed closely behind in a springless cart. My pilgrimage lasted many days, and every morning I felt more weary. It was a three days' journey to a place called J—, which was within 4 miles of the garden I was to manage. The fellows welcomed me up to their district as only Englishmen (and Colonials) can, I was free to eat and drink anything and everything they had. A bed, horses, trap, bath, and barber (of sorts) was at my disposal, if only I would remain the night with my new found friends. " We shall see lots of you, and I hope you will often come over here. They say it is 4 miles to your bungalow, but Crowther always said he could do it on Old Beeswing in less than fifteen minutes, and Old Beeswing waa never anything in a race." We spent a very jolly evening. I aired my new songs never before heard by my listeners, who greatly approved of them. Quite by accident this bungalow owned a piano, which they (the present inmates) had won in a Calcutta raffle. 44 What sort of a place is it ?" I asked. "As pretty a little bungalow as you'll find for miles round, the only thing against it is the previous Managers did not look after it enough, and of late years no good has come of it, but you will, I hope, put things right again, and I hope it will bring you good luck." We went to bed early, and I slept until called by my servant, who had already brought in tea and toast. About 9 in the morning I left this bungalow for my future home, after promising to return the following Sunday and take tiffin with my new friends. I shall never forget the sensation of admiration and satisfaction that came over me when I beheld the picturesque bungalow I was to inhabit. I determined to be happy here, and most seriously thought of writing and asking a sister to come and keep house for me. Everything seemed perfect. It was in first-class condition and most beautifully situated, as well as being in itself a gem of a place. It took me some hours to arrange my household gods, and it was dark before I had finished. I had dinner of the lightest description, and a bottle of light beer to wash it down, after which I smoked a cheroot, and then resolved to turn in. I was soon asleep and dreaming of home and old familiar faces. I may have been asleep an hour when suddenly I woke up, experiencing a genuine shiver, and a creepy, crawling sensation throughout my whole anatomy. I felt convinced some one was near me, and that I was almost powerless. I opened my eyes, and saw that at my bedside stood a splendid-looking young man, in white clothes of spotless purity and a straw hat; a fair moustache hid his mouth. " Hullo I said, "who are you? ' I then called my kitmaghar and bearer. 1 "I don't want anything," said the young man. " Yoa must have a peg." "No, thank you." Where is your horse ?" I have no horse." " By this time I was wide awake, and was intently looking at my visitor. A strange sensation came over me, and I felt as cold as ice. We remained looking at each other for some seconds. "I am sorry I can't offer you a bed, but I have just come here to-day." "Idon't require a bed any more. I know you have just come ; that made me also come." "Indeed!" "Yes, you shiver, you feel cold." "Ihave not been very well lately," I said. "And you have come here. Have you never heard the story about this place?" What story ?" I eagerly enquired. " About its being haunted." "By what? Byrne?" "Humbug ! You are on for a practical joke, and think I am to be gulled with such rubbish. I am really awfully tired and must ask you to accept of a shakedown on the lounge." I got out of bed and searched for the matches. "Never mind me; I shall not sleep, and I cannot leave this place." "Cannot leave, why, what's the matter? You say you won't sleep; I am seedy and must have rest." I called for my servant, but got no answer. The young man regarded me somewhat sympathetically, and said— "Do you know you are alone? No servants will sleep here or near this bungalow • they have seen me and believe the sight of me is fatal to them." "Bosh!" I said. It then struck me as being an unexplainable mystery how in a dark room I could see so perfectly the face, figure, and expression of my midnight unwelcome visitor. I could not even see my own hand; I could only see him as a bright figure on a dark background. I was sure I was not dreaming, and yet I felt I must be. While moving about the room in search of the matches I accidentally knocked over a jug containing drinking water; the water touched my feet and the jug was all broken to small pieces. I felt now certain I was awake and that my visitor was as near the genuine article of ghosts as ghosts can be. I remembered all I ever did; I remembered the old nurse telling me I should be second-sighted and wouldsee strange sights invisible to others, and all this because it was in the twilight when I made my entrance into this world. I was turning towards my visitor when I felt a deathly cold substance pass over my foot. I knew at once that it was cobra, and that if it bit me I should be a corpse in half an hour. I gave a yell from sheer fright, and jumped on to my bed. The young man was still there, and his eyes were regularly frowning on me. I doubled up my fists and went for him, but to my amazement I found myself on the floor, and the young man still at my bedside unchanged in expression. I thought of all I had ever heard or read about mesmerism and spiritualism, and concluded the young man was a snake in a peculiar form. The wildest and maddest fancies I welcomed as being fresh and reasonable. At last I found the matches and lit a hand-lamp. I looked round the room in hopes of not seeing the snake, but I was to be disappointed. There, under a chair, was an enormous cobra. I had nothing handy to hit it with, and my revolver was unpacked and in bad order. I managed to get into the next room with the lamp somehow or other, and succeeded in shutting the door. My brain was in a most excited state, and the perspiration was flowing down my face. I rang a handbell and shouted for any one to come. To my surprise the door that I had shut seemed to be enveloped in a thick cloud, and then the young man appeared and the cloud had gone. " What does this mean; for God's sake tell me ?" I said. " It is a warning for you to leave this place, or you will not be alive in a month." He raised his hand and pointing over my shoulder, said " Look there." 1 turned and looked in the direction he indicated, and saw an aged man with bent back, and wearing on his head a white pith helmet. The old man's eyes seemed to have a fiendish glare in them, and were rivetted evidently on me. " I see what it is, you brutes; you heard I was coming up and you thought I would have money with me, and that it would be yours—that you would frighten me out of it. That man is an old convict, and I suppose you are with him; he has prison clothes on him now." I was up on my feet in a second, and had let drive at him with a dub. I then turned to strike the young man. I remember raising the stick. He lifted his arm as though to prevent it harming him, and then I remember letting the stick come down on him with my utmost strength. I have not the slightest Idea how long I lay there, as I could not say at what time all this happened. It was broad daylight when I was roused by my bearer, whose face, although black, was as nearly white with fright as it is possible to imagine. He was standing trembling at my side. I was not a little urprised to find a small pool of blood under my head. The sight of blood, no matter however little, frightens a native, and my bearer fully believed that I had been murdered. I asked him where he had been the previous night, and he acknowledged that he had been frightened, and bad gone far away from the bungalow. He informed me that in the middle of the night my kitmaghar had seen a terrible vision, and had immediately started on foot for his country. This last sentence certainly greatly surprised me, as this seivant had money coming due the next day. He then told me that the two of them had been sleeping in the verandah, and that simultaneously they were awakened, and were frightened at seeing the figures of the old man and the young fellow. ThiB puzzled me, and although I tried to laugh it off, I felt very lonely and sad at heart. I went over a part of the estate, when my bearer came and informed me my hosts of the previous day had arrived, and wanted refreshments. "This is indeed an unexpected pleasure," I said, as I shook hands with them. And how do you think you will like your diggings ?" asked one of them, while the other slaked his thirst with a soda and whisky peg. " Bather lonely; but I shall soon get used to it," I said. "Slept well, I suppose ?" What questions will you next ask !" " Why I am sure I can't say; there is so little to ask about!" Aie there any other fellows near here ?" "No, not nearer than Mardhijee." " Well, to tell the truth, some fellows tried to play a practical joke on me last night" Impossible!" Who lived here before me ?" I asked. " There have been so many." "Tell me, was there ever any great event here which frightens the natives away ? My kit has left, and my bearer won't sleep in the verandah or any part of the bungalow." "It's very strange ; when natives take an idea into their heads nothing will ever drive it out." Go on," I said. Well, tbere is a story about this place being haunted, and the tale runs thus. You know there have been many changes in this garden since '77. Ia that year an old man, Collier, was Manager, and had been so for about four years. Under his management the garden was turned from a bad property into a valuable one. Until he went there the garden was never anything but a failure. He put his heart and soul into it, and worked as though the garden was his own. In '77 the agent went on an inspection tour, and taking a friend—a globe-trotter— with him, one night arrived at this bungalow. Collier received them, and as soon as the lamps were lighted the globetrotter, after caiefully inspecting him, said, "'Which do you prefer, Australia or India ?' " 'I know nothing of Australia; I often think I should like to take a run down there.' " ' Your face reminds me very much of a gentleman who was in Western Australia ten years ago.' " 'Indeed ; how strange.' "Conversation seemed to flag, and Collier was not at his ease. "Early next morning Collier was up superintending the work, and while the agent and his friend were drinking their early morning tea the agent asked, "'What makes you think you saw Collier in Australia ?' 'A little more than fancy.' " Do you think he is still the man you mean 4 ?' ' Yes, most undoubtedly.' " 'There is something peculiar about him; he has a secret, but what that secret is no one will ever know. He is a first-class manager, writes a splendid letter, and never wants to go away from this place.' "'I must be mistaken, only the likeness is strong. His name is Collier ?' "'"ies. He knows more about tea growing than many who have been years longer at it than he has.' " The garden was carefully inspected, and during the inspection the visitor killed time by trying to recall all he had ever heard concerning the man so much like Collier. His memory was good, and he remembered his (or his likem _ character and crime that had earned for him a free passage to Western Australia. " When his friend and Collier returned to breakfast Collier was quite himself again, and spoke most cheerfully of everything connected with the garden. " Shortly after breakfast they left and proceeded on their homeward way. Three or four weeks after this a young fellow, Fenton, arrived from home. He was sent up to this place to learn all about teagrowing, as Collier was looked upon as being a good teacher. " For about a year Fenton remainedliere under the management of Collier. To his friends he wrote, 'Collier is a strange man, and has something on his mind. He frequently shouts out in his sleep, and sometimes I feel afraid he will Mil himself. I shall never like him ; he is under a mighty affliction. I think—his conscience troubles him.' "One day Collier receivedaletter telling him he was appointed to take the management of a larger and more important tea garden, and that his screw would be a hundred rupees a month more, and entertaining allowance as well. '"1 knew they would put me away from here ; if refuse to go they will tell me I can go. I shall not go. I shall remain till I die here,' he said to Fenton. "' But it is promotion,' urged Fenton. " Promotion, yes, in very truth promotion, 4 and I shall have to entertain any Tom, Dick, or Harry that turn up. And you step into my shoes : but no, I shall not go. I have made up my mind to die here, or go home to England. I can't afford England yet, and shall never work again as I have worked here.' " One morning Fenton was found lying down here in a pool of blood (he pointed to exactly the same spot where my head had lain unconscious for hours), and the old man Collier wrote to the firm and intimated that Mr. Fenton had dropped down dead, and that another assistant had better be sent. Heart disease was in the Fenton family, and Fenton was supposed to have it. "A week after the agent visited the garden, and was surprised to find everything quiet there. In the verandah lay the dead body of the old man—a small bottle marked 'Poison' in his hand. He left a letter saying that he had cursed every bush in the garden, had not killed Fenton, although he had contemplated doing so, and that he was the man the agent's friend had taken him for. "It appears that Collier was originally sent out as a convict for wife murder, but that as it was a case of extreme peculiarity he only received a seven years' sentence nstead of for life. "After this thisplace never did any good, and people who had lived here declare Fenton and Collier appear every night." "But is there any romance about a snake ?" I asked. "Well, yes. Collier was a charmer, and has been seen, and frequently, to play music to draw them from their holes. He once said, 'Snakes and serpents I regard as my best friends.'" "Isaw a cobra in my bedroom last night," I said. We then examined the room, and found a hole in the corner, evidently made by Collier for the admittance of his Mends. This hole I caulked up. My friend continued— " Vaughan and his wife came here and remained three days. She is now in a lunatic asylum, and he declares it is because she saw something strange here. I was manager of this place for one week, but only slept one night here, and that night I shall never forget. He," pointing to his companion, "was here after me and threw it up. Bruce remained here one night and then left. In fact, since '77 this garden has never been anything but a haunted place. The native name for it now is "The Haunted Bungalow," and it will never get over the name unless Europeans turn to do common coolies' work for eight rupees a month. Ever since '77 this estate has been in the market, and is likely always to remain in it. Two young fellows, the Stronachs, from Scotland, once were contemplating purchasing this property. After living a few weeks here one of them was obliged to go to Calcutta, and when he returned he found that during his absence his brother had died most mysteriously, and that one doctor who happened to be passing by and put up there for a meal declared the death was caused by a sudden fright." I told them what I had experienced the previous night, and begged them to remain the night with me. "I would not remain for a lac of rupees, hard up as I am, and what is more, although R10,000 would buy the estate out and everything on it, I would not, were I rolling in riches, accept this place as a present. There is a curse on it, and I faithfully believe it will remain on it for ever. It's haunted, it's unlucky, it's unhealthy, and the numbers of young fellows who have died here you would not credit. I don't know what your agreement is with Messrs. & Co., but if you will take my advice you will not remain here." I, however, decided to remain on in spite of the ghosts, and declined an offer of a bed in my friend's bungalow. I bade them, good-by, and looked after them as they rode away. That night I made my bearer sleep in the adjoining room, and told him if he saw anything to call me immediately. He did not refuse to do so, but was tardy in consenting to do so. I went to bed, and exactly the same figure of the young man appeared as on the previous night. I remained in bed, and although I did not sleep I lay like one asleep. When daylight at length came I was unable to move hand or foot, and a terrible fever was raging. I called my bearer, but he did no!; answer. At last, with much pain, I managed to get to the door, and on getting it opened I saw, exactly in the same spot where I had been found lying the previous morning, my bearer. Blaod was round his head, and his half-opened eyes looked terribly strange. 1 gave orders for his burial or cremation, and determined to go at once to the next bungalow and remain there until I was better. After a few days in my friend's bunga- low I began to get better, but wrote to the firm declining to return to the haunted place. A doctor happened to call in one day at my friend's, and after examining me, said I had just escaped having a paralytic stroke. At first he thought I had been bitten by a dog. Then he asked if madness in any shape had ever been known in my family, and then said I must be kept in an unexcitable condition for some considerable time. On receipt of my letter to the firm, they wrote me regretting my illness and accepting my resignation. I heard of another garden in a different part, and when I was perfectly well I went to it and remained there well and happy for three years. Since my departure from the haunted bnngalow it has had a strange continua' tion of vicissitudes. It has changed hands frequently; it has been turned into a limited Company; it has been a losing speculation to all interested in it. My successor died there from cholera, his successor died, and the third man went mad, and now the garden is in liquidation. The property might be bought for an old song. I would not accept it as a present, and I don't know any one who would risk buying it even to sell again. Some time after I left it was discovered that cobras were not rare things about the bungalow, and a search for them having been made underneath the room in which I had spent two eventful nights were found a number of the most venomous of snakes. 