Chapter XV.—Forethought. Mr. Lovett was having a busy night of it, but he was equal to the occasion. All his life he had been proud of being equal to the occa sion, and had thought that he was. He was acting the Spartan father, he thought; and if only the servants were his audience, still the news would spread by and-bye that "Old Lovett" had borne his troubles well. Let that fact go forth to the world, as well as the news that his daughter had run away with a play actor, and his daughter's maid had been bundled out of the establishment at midnight, and with scarcely a moment's warning, and without her boxes; and let them blurt out any other scraps of news which they might gather from his subsequent proceedings, and which in his heart he would prefer to be talked about at Coalsby with " the rest of it." Jonathan Lovett seated himself before a Davenport, and was busy preparing for "a long write." He was not partial to penman ship—he had led too active a life to love the sight of pen and paper—but here was a neces sity and a duty, and he muBt buckle to it. One thing had already become fixed on his mind—an unpleasant and uncomfortable fact —that if he were to die before another will could be prepared "that actor fellow," as Verity's husband, would come in for all his money. The man would have been successful in all his plans, and trickery would be rewarded by a large fortune and estate. It was as well to alter that at once; he was not a nervous man, but he was sure he should not rest in his bed whilst that condition of things prevailed —the horror of Foster Deane's becoming the master of Castle Lovett was too strong upon him. If ever a man were justified in rising from his grave and in annoying other folk not sufficiently prepared for the cemetery, it would be himself, with his daughter Verity sole heiress to all that he possessed, and Foster Deane for her lord and master. He was not superstitious— he was too hard and practical and far-seeing, he considered—but he was beset by the strange idea that he should certainly die before the morning—by one of those remarkable coinci dences which will occur in real life as in books —if he did not alter all this, and allow not the ghost of a chance for the man and woman who had plotted against his peace and served him so badly. It was a ponderous task with his heavy heart and heavy thoughts, his slow progress and his cramped handwriting, and evenhis bad spelling, but he plodded on to the end, his eyes a trifle more protuberant, and his thick tongue inclined at times to hang out over his chin, after the fashion of a painstaking schoolboy with his copy. The gilt trophy on the mantelpiece— representing a vigorous procession of the infant hours following Old Time—a work of art some three feet long, wherein it was difficult to dis cover at first glance what on earth the designer had done with the clock—struck hour after hour, chimed quarters and halves and three quarters, but he worked on, stolidly and per sistently, as he had done long ago, night after night, at his cotton spinning—and afterwards at his ledgers and cash books, when he had had four thousand men and women to spin for him. He had completed his task at last, and was reading it over with the pen between his lips, a; coolly as a man might read his newspaper, when the door opened and Mary Smith came quietly into the room, dressed just the same as he had seen her hours ago, when she had bidden him good night and she had gone away, as he thought, till morning. He lowered his manu script slightly and frowned at her over the top of it. "What are you prowliDg about the place for, Miss Smith?" he said, very tetchily. "I thought you were asleep hours ago." "No, sir. I cannot sleep." "Well—you might contrive to keep to your own room." "Mrs. Dalrymple has sent me down to make sure where you were," was the explana tion proffered., "She is nervous and low to night." "Very likely. She often is." "She does not take this trouble as—as you do, Mr. Lovett," continued our heroine. " I am afraid she is very ill." '.'She is never ill," said Mr. Lovett, firmly ; " she often fancies she is ; but it is fancy. All women are fanciful." " She would like to see you before you go to bed." " She sends that message ?" he enquired. "Yes." " I'm not going to bed yet." " She is in no hurry," Mary Smith replied ; " but she cannot rest until sne has seen you, she desires me to tell you. She is in a very excited state, Mr. Lovett." "Yes—I know her," was the phlegmatic comment here. " I have not seen her like thk before," added his informant. "I have, hundreds of times. You don't know Mrs. Dalrymple, quite." "I think I understand her to-night better than I have done hitherto," said Mary Smith, thoughtfully. "Andyou consider she is ill?" \- "Yes." " Then why don't you send some one for a doctor ?" said Mr. Lovett. " I can't do her any good—can I ?" " I think you can." " Eh?" And here Mr. Lovett set the docu ment upon his knees, and his hands upon the document. " What ao you mean by that ?" " A few words from you—an assurance from you—would set her mind at re3t," said Mary Smith. "Sheis over-anxious—she ia unhappy. You will come ?" said Mary Smith. "Of course I will come." "Now ?" "No. Presently." "Shall I tell her in five minutes — ten minutes?" " Confound it!—tell her what you please!" cried Mr. Lovett, impatiently. "Don't you see I'm busy—that I nave work on hand, and must finish it, and will finish it, before I'm bothered by a fanciful old woman? Tell her I am coming—say in ten minutes, if you like." "Thank you—I will," and away flitted Mary Smith again, and Jonathan Lovett stood at the door which she had closed behind her, a man who had been evidently put out by the intrusion, and was taking his time to recover. I "No peace," he muttered, before he rang the bell violently, and brought the footman into his presence once more. "Who is in the servants' hall, Jame3!" "William and Richard, and one or two more," was the reply. "Peter has come b&cl;? Bir " " 6h! has he ? I didn't hear the trap. Tell him I want him; and here, you, sir, come back with him, will you ?" "Yes, sir." The footman departed, and presently re appeared in company with Peter, a lanky, nigh snouldered, red-nosed man, of a nervous tem perament, who advanced on tiptoe, and with a painful snort. " Where did you leave Rebchain, Peter?" "At the first village, sir." "Didn't you take her to Coalsby ?" "She wouldn't go. sir. She jumped out of the trap when I slackened for a moment going up the hill, and said she wouldn't go any furder for king or country. And she didn't, either," added Peter; "and as she'd got up on the causeway by the post-office, and I was downstairs in the road, sir, I couldn't do any thing but let her go." "No. She was not your prisoner," remarked Mr. Lovett, " and, so that she has gone, it does not matter where to, Peter." "She were a drefful temper, sir," Peter observed. "Very likely." "She were " "Yes. Tell James all about that when you get him downstairs," said Mr. Lovett, interrupting him; "now shut your mouth and attend to me. Can both of you write ?" Both men responded in the affirmative. " Very well. Now witness this signature of of mine," said the master, " and put your own underneath it, and where I tell you. Do you see?" Both men saw perfectly. Jonathan Lovett folded the document, as if not anxious that his witnesses should see the nature of the contents of his last labored com position, and then affixed his name with great care, passing the pen afterwards to his servant James, and indicating where he should sign, and that being done, taking Peter in hand, who was very slow indeed, and had to spell his name to himself, and in a sepulchral under tone, to make sure of it, "That'll do," said Mr. Lovett, when this businesswasconcluded, "andhere'sa sovereign apiece for keeping you up late; and just wait another quarter of an hour, and then if my bell does not ring one of you upstairs, put the lights out and go to bed, Do you under stand ?" Yes; they both understood these simple in structions of the master, who blotted the paper to which the signatures had been attached, and then put it into the breast pocket of his coat. He walked out of the room and up the broad Btaircase after this, and along the corridor towards his sister's chamber, the door of which opened as he advanced. His creak ing boots heralded his approach to Mary Smith, who had been listening for him patiently. (To he continued.) 