A.TRUE DRAMA OF LIFE. 3M TryEz ACTS. BY XX Author of "Terror-stricken," "The Ebony Casket," "Lover and IHuband," " A Dan. gerosa Woman," "Sweetbeart sand Wife," "Only a Woman," "Drifted Asunder," &c.;, ACT ILt Terptatri, --The Pf-, am r?J?i-T- e dspe -The robbery-Tine Ltragcedy. In the back parlor or a suburban hotel more justly celebrated, or notorious-take it which way you will-not so much for the excellence of the viands placed for disposal of man and beast by the generous landlord, as the convenience it affords to the public as a house of call when all respectable places of business are closed, sat Humphrey Daniels and the man Ward. They were coan entinhg upon the state of their finances generally. The latter looked particularly dull, and was seated with hie elbowson the table, and his chin in his hoLuLa, .amng gloomily at vacancy. He was particularly low at the present time, and in debt. Neither appeared to be in the best of spirits, sanrd Ward had been tannting Daniels with the part he had taken over the affairat Moedialloc. "You gave me ten pounds," he was say ing, "todothat dirty job,and I wish to God I had never been in it. You promised me ten more and I never got it." "Well, you shall have it. I am a little low just now-" " You always are." . ot no. I have money now and again, and-when I have it I spend it." " Well, I wish I never had been in that job." " Someone had to do it, and you were the only man I could trust." W" Vhy didn't yon do the dirty work your self ." " The reason is self- evident." "I know. You were afraid." "" Well, perhaps I was." " Why didn't you let the girl alone alto. gether, or keep her whlen you had her ?" ~'" Well, I nm:ght hae krept her, certainly, but she got to be a drag on me. And my cash ran out. I had to go. She will get over it, never fear. They all do." "I don't know. She has been ill ever since, and that is two months." " What place is she stopping at ?" "At a house in Bouverie street. A re lative. I believe. They arelookingafter her there all right." or Wele, ?oe can come round, and I'll see to her when I get some money." "Yes, with a iook." "No, Ward. I mean it. If I can only iase the wind now, I am determined to let her have a handsome thing out of it. You see I lout heavily over the Cup meetirg, or I in. tended to do well bly her then. If I hbd money I could let you have a little too." "I want a lot at present, considerably more than I can see my way to raise, I can tell you." " Well, I can't think of anything. There is Do O?ase; 1 suppose he will do something * for the girl if we don't." " I don't think o. He is going away, al though I know he has money." " I believe he ham." "Yes. I know it. He has over five hun drol pounds in the house at the present time." "Five hundred pounds! What in the name of God is he doing with all that money?" "Be is going to take it away to-morrow morning, to pad some nme at a mine, some wahere, who have sruck work for toeir wages. They were lpad in cneques by the former shareholdrs of the oempany,. a:d tl rce new lot are going to pay op the ' g.- .a crash." "The company bnratup, dlirn't it?'" "Yes. I was clerk thet-re, o, know. Do Came lost pretty atoily over it, buu omanared to form a new company, and they have loti of sugar. They are laying up an cash as a guarantee of good faith." " How do you know he has the money in the huse?" " My sister is househeeping there, yon know, and she told me to- nlrgt. I wish I . had some of it. I feltas if I could pitch my self in the Yarra." "That's because you have been drinking." "Oh, that girl Ruby Tremere haunts me like a ghost. If I could only help her I woduld not care so much." "Well, De Casse ought to be brought to a sense of his duty, in my opinion." " What for? What is she to him now ?" "Well, he promised-for I heard him that no matter what happened, if he could ever do well by her he would." "VWell, ho can do it now. I wonld if I could, God knows." Just so. And, if Iwere in your place I would-well, I would pay it." "How the devil am I to pay it ?" S" By making him your creditor first and telling him afterwards." TVard looked at him fixedly. Mr. Daniels put his hands in his pockets and whistled a low bars of a popular air. "A mere item to a rich man," he adlded, without looking at the other. " He might lose as much in a speculation, and then he would put it down to the profit and loss ac count." " But it would mean robbery." " A great many things do me-in robbery, my dear fellow, but we find other words for them. You run into debt without means or intention of paying. What is that but robbery? You pay a jeweller forty pounds for a ring not worthy twenty ; surely he is to all intents and purposes a thief Y No man, in my opinion, ever made more than five per cent. by honest trading, and De Casse must have made more. Upon my word, my boy, when we come to think of it, we would be doing arighteous thing. How much did yon say r" "Five hundred pounds in an old desk in his room.'" "And they say temptation is a crime." "'You talk of it as if you were used to such things." " I am usneed to most things. I am always on the alert for chances. You cau't put off -your evil ilay much longer, my boy. You know how you stand." There was a dead silence for a few minutes, during which Humphrey noused himself at the glass, and the other stared fixedly at the .wall -Ther worst is all very well," he said, sullenly, in a despairing tone, " buhot how is it "to.be done " Daniels smiled. Not two minutes had elapsed since the wretched man had said he was not rucal enough to do the thing pro pooed. Now he only wanted to know how it was to be done. "Eaily enough, my boy. Yon can pay your sister a visit. De Caseis out, Iknorw. Heils at the office." "Yes, I kno'." * "Come, then. We will talkit over in the open air._ Daiels put a cigar into Ward'a hand and gave him a light. Trilling as the action ap peared it had its meaning. lie wanted tor see whether his hand tremrbleld, and it did not. He wanted to see whether he was sober enough to smoke, and he was. Driven by the stronger will of Daniels, Ward put on his hat and the pair left the They went by thebahck way to the homse occupied by Do Came, and entered the Fitchsu, The house aws apparently empty. They knocked softly at the inside of the door to make certain. There was no reply. They stepped softly into the passage and stood at the foot cf the sters. "Now, W?ard," whispered Daniels, "the fates are with us. Up, boy, as quickly as you can. They are out, and before they re turn we will be off." HIe led the way, two stairs at a time, treading softly, and on tip-toe. Ward fol lowed, mechanically. He tried the door of the bed- room of le Case. It opened easily. They closed it uod stood inside. " Now," said lDaniels, "a light" -Wrd fetchled a candle from the lookin" glass and they closed the door and went to the desk. Daniels inserted first theo blade and then the handle of a strong knife under the lid. It yielded with a sound that made Ward's heart leap, and he trembled from head to foot. Two leather bank bags of gold, labelled "CO100." Each were found at once, and Daniels' quic'k eye detected a leather ease, which he pushed under some papers. "A couple of hundred pounds only," he said, in a disappointed tone. " I suppose he has the rest with him. But we have no time to lose now. Here, take one and put it in your pocket. Hark I What was that?" They listened. No sound disturbed the stillness. "There might be more," continued Daniela, pretending to search. "But I don't see-Hush ! I heard something I Close the door I put out the light I slip quietly down stairs, and if anyone has come in wait your chance below, and then go into the kitchen and knock for your sister." "And youn ?" "Keep her engaged in a conversation for a few mmnutes, and I'1 get out of the window and over the back fence. Meet me in half an hour at my lodgings. Quick, now." Ward obeyed, tremblingly. There was a sound below as of persons rising hurriedly to their feet, and the next moment the door opened, and the figures of two men stood in the Hall. "Whose there?" called out a deep voice. Ward almost swooned in the excess of his fright. "'Fetch a light !" called the voice again. "There are thieves in the house !" A little athletic figure bounded up the stairs, candle in hand, closely followed by a second, and before the prostrate man could make his exit from the landing he wasseized by the atOLot and lay on his back, pinned to the ground under the knee of Cecil De Casse. " Who have we here," he asked, coolly enough. "Let's have a look, Barnes." The other held the light to the features of the proate man. " \Vard, by God I" he exclaimed. And then, as his eye caught the bag of gold which had fallen from the wretched man's pocket, he picked it up. ' Look, Barnes. Look here. This dog would rob me." "Yes," said theoother, "itis true. But he may not be alone. Take the light and look in the bed-room !" Ceeil obeyed. He threw his weightagainst the door, and it yielded with a crash. tie fell headlong into the room. As he rose to his feet a figure, that of Humphrey Daniels, rushed forward and at. tempted to pass. Cecil seized him. On the landing he whom Cecil had called Blarnes knelt, holding the prostrate figure of Ward with one hand, and with tse other he held a heavy glass decanter ready to strike if lie moved. it wsas an exciting moment. Both men felt the position keenly. Inside the room the sounds of a fearful tsruggle were heard. '" urne you I let me go," said the voice of Dani.ls. "N?oer! youen thief ; give up my property." " Let me go 1" or It' take your lifa I" They struggled again, then the room was illuminated with a brlliant flash of light, and the deafening crash of a revolver report rang through the house. Barnes fairly shook with excitement, and was halt inclined to let his prisoner go. list the continued sonnds of the struggle going on inside the room slowed that tats shot thal not taken effect. " Le me go I" The voice was hoarse now, and tmhe spawker panted with the exertion he uniereeuC. IRound and round the room they went; sometimes against one article of furniture and then against another. Then came the blinding flash of light, again followed by the report of the plst,l, as the second chamber of the revolver was discharged. Then came a shriek of agony and a heavy fall. Barnes could stand it no longer. Releasing his prisoner, he rushed into the room, overturning the candle in his excite ment. He fell over the door against one of the men inside. "Stop ! stop I" called the other. "Fetch a light ! Don's let your man go, for Heaven's sake ! It's me-De Casse I" The sounds of heavy footsteps were heard below, and a couple of policemen rushed in to the house in time to secure Ward, who was endeavoring to make his way out when he found he was free. The lights of their lanterns were flashed upon the scene. It was one swhich none of them soon forgot. The room was in a state of the utmost dis order. The furniture was smashed and over turnes in all directions. The atmosphere was thick with smoke. On the floor lay the prostrate figure of a man, hise face horriiyblackened and scorched with the powder from the muzzle of the re volver. and the top of his head half torn away by the bullet. It was Humphrey Daniels. In the struggle, whilst endeavoring to shoot Cecil, the muzzle of his pistol had been turned against himself, and had been acci dentally discharged with fatal reault. The constables raised him and carried the body from the room. As they did so, Ward stepped forward, glared horribly at the actors of the tracedy, put his hands to his head, burst into a fit of maniacal laughter, and fell forward on his face. They lifted him up from a pool of blood which gushed from his month and nose and ers. Drink, to-tor, and the terrible scenes he had gone through had done their work, and he had blurs a blood-vessel. And an hour afterwards he breathed his last. cENE If. Four years after-Wedded happiness The £tcscital rnurse--P-aceat last. Ivyberry cottage in Carlton was as snugly a furonhed little house as we would readtly find in a longday's walk around the northern suburbs. The rooms were furnished with a costly taste which bordered upon extravagance, and yet was wholly in keeping with the per feet summer-days of harmony and love which reigned supreme. Upon two easy chairs in the verandah which opens upon a small flower garden sat Ruhy =.1 Cecil l)e Case. ? ine had wrought its changeos upon them both. He rwas graove yet cheerful. with a settled csim np in his face which spoke of a mind at ease an- a constitution unimpaired by the trials of life he had undergone. She was calm and thoughtful; a pale, sad face with a far-of look in the depth of the large clear eyes which told its tale of great saferings she had undergone in days passed. They had been married four months. F+or weeks after that terrible time of her desertion by Humaphrey Daniel+, at Mordial loe. she had laid upon a bed of sickness, racked with tortures of mind d body which threatened her life in the acutences of their sting. But she had recovered elowlyat first, then rapidly; and, realising that her destroyer was no more, had gone forthinto the world again with the full determination to ive down her sufferings and her cares with a courr.geand a determination worthy of a stronger body and mind than her own. She had met her former lover soon oater her recovery. By slow degrees their old intimacy had in creased, and the old feelings had obtained complete sway over them both. He lnd asked her asecond time to glandden his life with her bright presence, and in the forgetfulness of the past, by the absorption of all else iu the love they bore for each other, they passed from the cares of the time that now to them both seemed like a hideous dream into a quiet settled determination to live but for the future. And they had succeeded. The girl Julia Butler. who so nearly averted the sufferings of Daniels' victim and the tragedy which shortly afterwards fol lowed hihis base desertion of Ruby Tremaire, had received a terrible lesson from the events in which she had taken a part and had under gone a complete change. She sought for and obtained an appoint ment as nurse in the Melbourne Hospitald, and by her patient watchfulness and her care of the sick had earned for herself a name of which many might he proud and not a few were envious. In the better life which had dawned upon her with the resolution to do good for her fellow creatures, she showcd that therein, even for the lowest of us all, a chance of repent ance offered if we hut avail ourselves of the mercies of a Providence which, though it shapes our ends in a degree, will, when we determine to walk through the paths of rec titude, uphold us in the spirit with a peace of the soul which is beyond the understand ing of those who walk in the paths of the world for worldly motives alone. [THE END.] 