The Pope on Church aad State. The lateit Encyclical of Popo LeoTn„. tho Christian constitution of Statofjh. Pope eny 9 he dooms it hie duty to comn.w SIS?"" -puK advanced conoorning tho State. Them could be no public power excont from n?7 The State was clearly bound toSft many and Rreat dutie. towards God by the pubho profession of religion. There w? onco a time when States were eoTernei V. tho philosophy of the gospel. BnTffi.fi and deplorable passion for innovation which waa aroosod in the sixteenth century f1,,? threw the Christian religion into w3 n Jfi and then by natural eequence, paved on to philosophy, and thence pervaded all tn \? of society. From thin eourco issued then Uto maxims of unbridled liberty which in tho midst of the terrible disturbance of the last century j were exoogitatod and pro claimed as tho principle, and foandatloaet that now jurieprndonce. Amongst theit principles the ohif one wm that whioh pro. olairaoi that all men, as by rtoo and nature they were allko, were alao equal to their life. In a eooitty founded upon these prinolnl.a government was only tho will of the people which, as it was undor the power of itself alone, so waa alone ita own role*. Since the pooplo was; said to oontaln itself tha eource of all rights, and of all power It fol" lowed that that State did not deem Italf bound by any kind of duty towards God i that It mado no publio oonfesiion of rellrion I that it held itself bouad to giro eqa?l righti to all roligion, to the end that ihe nnblie order should not incur Injury frem any of them. All queitions ooooerning reliiioi wore to be referred to private judgment, and every one was allowed to follow whicheiet religion ho prefened, or none at all if ht approved of none. Henoe these oontqacnoee nHturally aroso —tho Judgment of each oonscienco was without regard to lair j tht frcnet opinions were expressed at to the practico or noglect of DiTine worship ; and thore whs unbounded licente for men t? think what they liked and to publish whit they thought, Jt was hardly pjseiblo to it* down any one fixed method whereby lh& objects they had in view were to be attained because tbo method matt suit sep*rat? places and timc?, whioh differed greatly from ono another. Nevertheless, before all thinge unity of purpose must be preserved and similarity must bo toagbt for ia the plum of action. Both theso objects would be attained without fail If all would regard the directions of tbo Apostalio Sao ns their rule of lifa j and obey tho Biehop* whom " the Holy Ghost hai plncod tj rule tho Church of God." Tho integrity of Catbolio faith wae Incompatible with opinions ap. pronching either to nataraliein or rational. ism, tho essence of which was utterly to do away with Christianity, aud to csUblhh the supremacy of men in Society to the exclusion of God. In tho struggle for iutureste in the highest order there was aa room for intestine strifo of party riralorg. but all must endeatonr with one mind aud purpose to secure that whioh ie the common object of oil—too proeerration ot religion and of the S ato 