SPOKTING FACTS AND FANCIES [Bl MEITOIv 3 ' The declaration of the fir t forfeits for the Newmarket Handicap \ has had the effect of reducing the list to Sij. &ud; as -so m&nv; horses : ato isMe -to jget oyer. tlireB quarters oE a mile this -descrip tion alwayn presents more , difficulti° to a -sporting writer than a race like tlie Melbtmma.Gup,".Australian Cup.qr Champion Stakes, iu jihic.h it is ahvay «v dent at the 'first:blu4li|hata'iarge'propartton:<ifiha-horBes." 'sngagefewll- sbeanidAculties^ngheforethe^; acmg begin an real earne t Howe er, tha -tfiplt hit to Tjs faced and therefore without fiutUer -preamble X will strive to point jout vhat wo tituts m my opinion the dangerous 9iv ton M&hia;, of course has the pride of place as "top weight, with 9 tlSUbs, and if he be .lulled oul\m the-eventful day tlie .Mai tif loruiei days, the weight isvdl,4iof «) •h m much touV * ^ ' the son ^of S -at the ffi ORE lessriess of Kffbertsftn wTio ro.-le-Malua,-the.; litter would have won. The six furlongs were, covered in the .wonderful time of lunn .14isi-c. i the fastest -time in which they, ever been g.'ne over in Australia. P«ttmg aside his victories-: over long distances. these performances serve ~ to show that Malua has achieved a wonderful: record over short courses, and., if. really as fit "as stated, the cup winner of XSS4 has a-chance, second to none,' of adding another Ncivma> feet Handicap to his 1 vng ?tnng of victoues,- but although there have been: mstanc s of Jrtraes after X season at the stud, lctiutmig, to ilia turf and showing "unimpaired powers, they, are few in number. and, "backers bail tetter .stay their'hand till Malua coines. to.4own, and ;m opportunity Is afforded of .judging .whether he retains all his former brilliancy.Mozart, has < a great turn of speed, and lias perforuied hrilliaritly over short distances, -tat *witli 9st he has certainly not been leniently treated. Coronet, last year s winner, lins-isst 131bs to carry or ]Hst two stone less ..one pound more than his lmpoBt.Iast year The weight is no more than he is fairly entitled to and if his diiniged leg does no I' trouble liim, he ..should run well forward. 'Mtrrimu has performed Brilliantly during the season, but Ihe weight, Sst lllbs'is rather too much for him, and .1do not anticipate danger from Irralce at the same weight. Honeydcw, at 8st fllbs, strikes me as one of the plums in the baslcet. ,He is a ieal clinker at the distance, and a racehorse all over, and whatever heats the son of -Goldsborough will about win. Silver King at 8st 81bs, has not been well treated, and I prefer Liverpool at the same weight. The Ghost, Sst 71bs, is an uncertain customer, but he has before now carried almost similar weights.to victory, over short-distances, and beaten good fields both at Caultield and Fleming ton, and therefore his chance must not be altogether disregarded. Seahorse has to carry the same weight, and as be has recently shown good form on several occasions,, he is entitled to some respect. William Tell. Sst Gibs, will not be troubled by the weight, but is; I take it, a bit out classed. Plausible. Sst 61b, has never shown to advantage m short races, and has certainly cause to complain o£ being hardly used. Oudeis, Sst Olbs, was a good performer in New Zealand, and if in his best form may run forward. Ho has never yet run in Victoria. The Israelite. Sst 6!bs, has not been badly treated, and is the most likely to be dangerous of the quartette at the same weight. Uralla, Sst 51bs, is a good deal fancied for the race, butthoughsheis undoubtedly a remarkably speedy filly, her performances have been so uucertaiu as to make it dangerous to plucc any reliance upon her. At times she shows must brilliant speed, but at others has proved herself a thorough jade. Her stable companion, Monte Chnsto. has also got Sst 61bst0T31rry, and as he is rapidly getting into liis two-year-old form, when he was one of the speediest youugstere of the year I mfiuitelv prefer ins chance to that of-.CIiesters daughter. Water,oo, Bis Bis anil 9 hunderbolt are each handicapped at Sst 4lbs. and the. last named, who has gained several wiiiinug brackets over short distances in New Zealand, is the best of the trio. Solo, Sst 31bs, cannot complain -of being badly treated, as lie has of late showed himself a very slippery customer oil several occasions. Dunlop. Sst, has not been favourably treated, but fat. John, at the same weight, may run forward. Cerise and Blue, 7st is a very speedy mare, and is nicely in it at the weight, and if fit, she should be handy at the finish. Winchester and Claptrap have each 7st lllbs to carry, and at I he weights I prefer the latter, and expect that he wi 1 prove the pick of the representatives of the Mordialloc stable. Ironmaster, 7st lOlbs, is a cocktail, and far too uncertain to be trusted. Passing down the list tlio Tasmauian-bred Warfield, at 7st 51bs, is the next one nicely m, and Euroclydon at the same weight is nicely treated, as he is a very speedy customer. Juanna and Evie at 7st 2Ibs, have no complaint on the score of weight, and if they run anything up to their two-year-old form, may prove dangerous. Astreea, Gst 121bs, was also a ta-illiant two-year-o.d perfoimer, of undoubted pace. All Gold has gained seveia' winning brackets lately, and at Gst 12Ibs has got off lightly. Lepurello, v itli a couple of pounds less, may prove dangerous. La^t year carrying Gst Slbs lie ran well forward, and with another year and. only two pounds more to carry, may improve, on his fornier ns lie has been treated to a gocd spell. To come to the point, after a careful analysis of the handicap I think the winner will be included in the following half-dozen -.—Malua, Coronet. Honeydew, Monte Chnsto, Uralla, and Solo, and at .present I like nothing better than Honeydew. There are 43 horses still left in the Australian Gup, and here there is nothing like sr tangled a skein to be unravelled. M.-ilua again holds the pride of place with '9st Slips, thesame weight which he carried to victorv in the Melbourne Cup of ISSi. He is called upon to concede his relative Sheet Anchor, last year's Cup winner, Gibs, and if Malua Strips the Malua of old, he will hold Sheet Anchor perfectly safe. Sardius, 8st 131bs, is reported to have quite recovered from the effects of his accident in the Caulficld Cup, and if fit and well. I think him' quite Sheet Anchor s equal, great horse thou'/h the latter undoubtedly is. Grace Darling, 8st lllbs. is also better treated than Sheet Anchor, and oil their Melbourne Cup running the mare should prove the better horse. Of the four top weights, however, commend me to Sarduls who is a perfect master of the weight lie is called upon to carry, and T doubt the abilitv t>f Malua to concede him lOlbs, with "both in their best form. Duration after his recent 'brilliant performances: is called "upon to carry Sst 91bs,' and at- that weisht the ex- hurdle racer has no cause for complaint. In spite of the weakness of the opposition his .great performance of carrying lOst Slfcs to victory in the Hobart Cup, and leaving the mile and a half behind m the excellent time of 2mm 4S|secfully entitles linn to ihe weight. Welcome Jack, if his spell has secured him a return to his New Zealand form, should run well with Sst 71bs, as neither the weight nor the distance should trouble-him. .Mozart Sst 51bs, may •find the distance ratber beyond bis tether, but Nordenfeldt at thesame weight is to my mind the pick of the handicap. Three year-olds are always dangerous in this race, and the son of Musket is such an honest aud consistent per former, and so determined a finisher, whom there is no shaking off; that even att his early period I shall boldly plump lofNordenfeldt; if fit and well as the Australian Cup -winner of 1886\. OS Colour's recent running has had the eftecfc of bringing down his weight, but even at Sst 41bs, loonot care for his chance, as liis late Tunnine. if true, points • to the conclusion that-he has lost all form, and the Wilsons' other representative-Silver King, at Sst, is to iny mind: Jthe better of the pair.- Coronet "and Moonshee,- 8st 411is and Sst 31bs respectively, are hy no -means out of it.-nor is Honeydew with S«t lib, but Kit Nubbles Sst 21bs 1 as more than enough. Britisher is handicapped at Sst. but will find-the distance rather to long to his liking. . Of: the Tamamder of the candidates- Liverpool "7st 13lbs ; Matchlock, 7st Slbs; Plausible. 7st 71bs; Stornaway, 7st Slbs; Gerise and Biue, Gst 131bs ; and Kbkai,' 6st Slbs, strike me as about the best placed, but I prefer the chances of the Tieavy.weights, and expectthe finish to'be fought out by Nordenfeldtj Sardius, Malua; .and Duration, with the three-year-old tlie pick< f the batch. Last year Rmgwood took a tripto Tasmania, and carried everything befnrehimin the tight little- island, carrying 7st 121b?. to victory in the Hobart Cap, andfollowing it up by winning the Derwent Plate with 9stOlbs. - On his return to Victoria he earned 7sfcl31bs', -in'-'the Australian Cup. and came home a Winner: This year Duration, also.-an ex-hurdle-racer, visited Tasmania, and returned" with an unbroken series of victories, among his wins being :tlie Hobart Gup IU which lie carried lOst Slbs.'' To complete the coimcidonce,; Duration ought to inn this year's Australian Cup.'in which he is handicapped at Sst Dibs: Perhaps some of:your readers would like'toDut n trifle on the Bon ofcHughenden; on the off eoa-ice - Last - season St.' Albans headed the list of winning su-es in Australasia, with a total of £lD,5i"j-to which -Malua', Sheet'Anchor; and Kitigwood wore . the chief coiilTiDutors. This season- hofrever the defunct Muiket "promises, to come out at the.head -of the '-list, 'as he has already a sum.to his credit; almost 'equal to the total s amount of - St: ' Albans'" winnings' last mwnr.^-lkOt'^enfddt of course1ias :placed the principal amount of this snm' to the credit , of ins- sire; - and Fusillade in -.New Zealand 'has won a-goodlyamount-in'stakes.'-w'.- r v ' - '®hi£ season alme 10 i:Jie' •NeuTnarfet-HandiT cap may-be olitamed by the runmng in'the Oakleigh • Handicap, five "and' a -half furlongs, at the V A T C meeting, on the 13th inSt The Caulfield authorities aie making Vapid strides m popularity, and bid fair to become formidable jiviils-to the older-organisation; the VUG The Oakleigh Handicap ha-s secured a long list of entries, and tl e fact that the" Newmarket /Handicap 1 "weights "have been • • declared prior 'to- .thev running,'of-jthe Oakleigh Handicap >us . likely to^ have fa prejudicial effect on the former race, as ,the Oakleigh : Handicap winner . may' -be allowed^to run-loose m-tiio:Jfe'wmarket Handi- cap, and there is no piovi tou in the conditi ns ofthe race for in pen It Hones Unt cat up indLfferiaUKiQo^p^i?^^, S Hji^a the field is likel to suffti thr&ugh; the arrange men t) of the"V A PC -St Odille aftel her ea win In the Gee long Handicap on Saturd has %een iaclted m Eome u rtersfor theNewmar cet'Jl ndicap But this fiaug iter of St Alb ns has too -often proicd heisetf a rank deceiver to lie a safe r Sn vestment 