RCHOES OF MELBOUINE. [Br TuE GsHOST. ' Mr. Gillies is indeed a most fortunate individual. While the Treasurers of the adjoining colonies east and west have to tell a tale of doleful deficits, the Victorian Minister of Finance is able to paint the position of the "cabbage garden" in the most roseate of hues. The loss of "our neighbours has been our gain, and the "bad times" experienced in Now South Wales and Adelaide have added to the prosperity of Victoria by increasing her population at their expense, and thus materially swelling our Customs revenue. With the increase aum: the "savings" effected at tihe expense of the localities outside the metropolis, which were pro mised amounts which were never handed oyer tq them, Mr. Gillies was enabled to show a surplus of some .3o0,000 of in come over expenditure, and to carry for ward a substantial balance to next year's credit. But despite the good news he had to impart in his Budget speech, the Treasurer, in comparison with his prede cessor, is a failure as a financier, and as a politician cannot be mentioned in the same breath. His proposed method of dealing with the vexed question of an in crease in the duty on woollen piece goods shows him to be devoid alike of firmness and statesman-like ability. Ignoring the old fable of the old nm'an amnd his ass, lie los endeavourod to please both the woollen mill proprietors and the people engaged in the manufacture of ready-made clothing, with the result achieved by the oft instanced proprietor of the donkey-lie has pleased no one. The mill owners, who asked for an increase of duties on their manufactures, which would have brought them to something like 150 per cent. ad valorem, have obtained a paltry concession of 5 per cent, while the clothing factories have been "protected" to the same amount. The " working man," that mysterious entity all Ministries appear so desirous of placating will therefore have a few )iilljngn qddenj to the price of tihe requiite apticles of dress, and will be no better pleaosed than either of the other two classes. The first straying fromn the paths of free trade he has for so many years steadily trodden will assuredly not be a pleasant experience to Mr. Gillies, and should his paltering with principles alienate those who in the past have been his staunchest friends, the Treasuror will have only his own vacillation and want of firmness to blaine. The. operatives em ployed in the clothing factories have al ready met and placed their disapproval of the new departure of the latest convert to protection on record, and the "merchants, bankers, and others," are not better pleased with the now fiscal proposals. As a concession to the farming and pastoral interests, the dusty on woolpacks and rabbit proof, fencing wire is to be reduced, and the ininers are to be made harpy by an annual "prospecting" vote of .80.000. But despite all these attempts to" nobble" the country, the Government is not popular, and there is a generally prevalentopinion, which the debut of the Premier as a Budget speech maker has served to intensify, that the present head of the Government is not " the right man in the right place." As a debater, Mr. Gillies is facile princeps the foremost man in the Assembly. As an administrator lihe cuts but a very sorry figare. Tihe unannounced visit of a French corvette of war that made its appearance in Hobson's Bay on Tuesday, and anchored within pistol shot of the Cerberus before anyone was aware the vessel had even passed the Otway, or entered the heads, shows how easily a hostile ship can ruen tlie gyqntlot of tihe batteries at Port 'lhillip 4leada. Per haps now that the ease with which an enemy's ship can run up the Bay, without even a pilot, ihas been made plain, the Vic torian defence Department will see the wisdom of being guided by the advice of experts who are of opinion that to strengthen the naval force of this colony is the best and most efficient way of securing immunity from attack. Had the Guichen come into port a fpw months ago, when wp were suffering from one of our Periodical war scares, and the channels were full of torpedoes and "contact" mines, the com mader might--had he not been blown to pieces-have seen the folly of tempting providence the way he did. Some of our public men, who ought to be in a position to form a correct judgement, have indirectly no very exalted opinion of the commercial morality at present in vogue in Victoria, Colullel Srrgood, who, is if a soft goodsman" has himself been behind the scenes allegro, during the debate in the Council on the Drawback's Bill. that " the dread of prosecution for perjury will kill the intercolonial trade in ready made clothing," leaving his hearers to draw the conclusion that while the process of grossly hndierating the exports of coats and trlosers itanftfaetrld ia l linders ? ane was condhoted on the' old Lalsses Fairs lines-it throve because there was no danger of false declarations being sheeted home to those indulging in this method of defrauding the revenue. Perhaps, though, the morals of softgoods men are different from those of ordinary mqrtale. In My. Berry'4 halacyu days it' 'nsed to be an' article of belief among "the people" that the manufactories of Flinders Lane were sinks of iniquity, they were looked at askance, and their oknprpT cF.cyli eq d rin ,ii in theeenann Deciloge, o dHnd alf a dozen oters into ts bargain. Singe the depq'ture of the Ageoit,Clnoesal slous avel5 choqnlq loif celan and it is soniewhat of a novelty therefore to ihear of the ' ways that are dark" in the palatial warehllouse of the city, and all tile more surprising when the oliarge ls llade by "one who knows,"' Mr. Berry's entrance into the ranks of the "titled gentry of the kingdom" has evidently not improved his temper. With all his blushing honours thick upon him lihe has laid hia Isaoee ins rest, and,, as be!oves a gallant Knight,' hs?ist tilt ' 1 tie daughty Sir Saul Samuel, the Agent General of New South Wales. Tihe onlookers must have been vastly amused at thie sight of thie author of "broken heads and houses in flames" hIurling defiance at his burly rival; but it is a pity neverthmeles that the petty jealousness . that exist in the colonies should be revived at tA antipc. da?.,"'o litule t pfoolg o oe the tie"knollht', Sir Graham Berry and Sir Saul Samuel "slang-changing" each other at a festive gathering is hardly calculated to raise us in the estimation of our home friends, and it is much to be regretted that the two gentlemen should have washed their dirty linen in public. Hitherto the people of Great Britain have known little, or if they knew anything have cared but little for the colonies, and it is therefore a great pity that just as their attention is being called to the outlying portions of her Majesty's possessions they should learn that our statesmon--save the mark l-aro jealously narrow minded, and that conti guous provinces are divided by hostile tariffs and still more foolish local quarrels. The proposal to establish a colonial museum in London is one that should as suredly find favour in Australia. We have numerous objects, which would cer tainly prove attractive to the sight scers of the old country. We might display our Victorian tweeds and woollen manufactures as an instance of what ten years of a protection tariff has achieved. We might request our Agoent-General to exhibit himself, in order to let people at Ioime judge of the material out of which we manufacture ourpopular idols u and an attractive "exhibit" could be composed' of Messrs. Gaunson and Bent, the twin ob atructives, who would let British politi cians see that we have bettered the exam ple of Messrs. Parnell, Sexton, and Co., and have no need to take the advice of our American Cousins when we desire to render Parliament a laughing- stock." July 24. 