FICTION. From English. America», and Otlier Periodical«« LOCH ANIM'S TOWERS. CHAPTER VI-(Continued.) Jean Elsinore greeted Neil Lockawe with a piti- ful glance, and said, in a whisper : " Oh, why did you go back again ? What can be the matter with Norna to-day ? She was never so strange and unkind before." " Don't let it vex your gentle heart, Miss Elsi more. Do you suppose I mind the old beldame's whims and vagaries ? Oh, indeed, I shall try if another day will not change her humor." " Take care what you say, sir !" interposed Jock, in a scared whisper. " Oh, pray, bo careful, all of you !" Neil Lockawe threw back his graceful head and laughed long and heartily. The musical tones floated up with the breeze to the height where Norna, pale and wan as a ghost, still leaned in the door-way, with the eagle at her feet. She put her fingers into her ears, and shuddered. Neil laughed on merrily, mockingly, and chat- tered like a magpie all the way down to the boat. But he had the conversation all to himself : every one else was distrait and silent, even after the boat had glided away from shore, and was heading gal- lantly for the Gull's Nest. The artist, with his arms folded on his breast, and his eyes dropped so that none could read their expression, sat like one lost in profound reflection. Maude was bending over the side of the boat, watching the rushing bubbles that flew aside from their track, with a dreamy happiness, just touched with awe, gleaming in her soft eyes. Now and then she dropped her hand down into the water, and then hold it up dripping, and looking at it with a smile; but she did not speak. She found the silence congenial, and was most pleasantly enter- tained by her own thoughts. I Jean was vaguely disquieted, and not a little resentful that this handsome young gentleman should have been so unkindly received by Norna. She longed to say so, but hardly knew how to manage it delicately and unobtrusively. Donald was more disturbed than he cared to be- tray. First, his keen sense of hospitality was deeply outraged, and then an uneasy sense of some mysteri- ous danger threatening them, hovered over him like a nightmare. He had not listened to tho firm convictions of these simple Highland people for so many summers without being unconsciously im- pregnated with some of their faith in Norna's wisdom and clear-sightedness. He hated himself that he began to bo conscious of a new dislike and distrust of this latest guest, while at the same time all the honor and generosity of his nature assured him that young Lockawe had double claim now upon his cordiality and kindness. He glanced im- patiently around the boat, wishing that some one else would start the conversation. But every face was self-absorbed and abstracted. Even Jock sat bolt upright, his eyes far oif on the water, as grimly silent as if his garrulous tongue had never formed a sentence. "Well," stammered Donald, "if seems to mo that a spell of silence has fallen upon us. What is the matter with everybody ?" "It is Norna's spell," laughed Neil Lochawe, shaking his curly head, and stretching out his hand toward Eagle's Crag. "Evil spirit, avaunt! Go back to your grim rock and your screaming eagle. This bright sky, and dancing water, and sweet, salt air should not be burdened with your gloomy presence. Our visit to your famous fortune-teller was not a particularly successful tonic. It seems ' to act rather more like a wet blanket. But why, I wonder ? She told you all fair fortunes didn't she ? I certainly didn't hear any evil prognostications, though it was rather unintelligible balderdash. As for my part, don't let it concern the rest of you she evidently heard my sporting talk, and resented it." " I am very sorry about it," said Donald gravely. " Tush, man ! why need you be ? It doesn't affect me more than the breaking of the bubble yonder. Besides what did she say ? She saw some very xm pleasing adjuncts surrounding the gold piece. Well, i I didn't make the coin ; nor, for that matter, earn it either. So how does it affect me ? I'll try and trace it, though, just for the curiosity of the thing. Pray throw aside all this concern, all of yon, if it is sympathy for my being under the ban of old Norna's displeasure. Moreover, she was to consult the stars abbut me. I'll try her again some day, and who knows but that she'll give me a better show ?" Jean looked up with a brighter face. . " To he sure," she remarked, " all she said was from what she saw about the coin. Who knows but that it had come from some guilty hand ? She should have seen that it could not affect you, though." " She will see it, if she is the true prophetess that you all seem to believe her to be," answered Lockawe. " By the way, it Btrikes me oddly that you give her so much attention. She must be a very magnetic personage, for when you think it j over, what she said was mere balderdash. Did you I make sense of all that jumble about dark clouds and rainbows, pitfalls and goals, Mr. Kincaird ?" The artist gave a little start as his name was ' called. It seemed to take him a moment to think what question had been addressed to him, for he said, slowly : " I think she road every page of my life. I hope that she foretells my future truthfully. If I went up to Eagle's Crag a sceptic, I have come away < profoundly impressed.'' ] As ho finished, he turned away and looked down at the water again. Jock watched the speaker anxiously, and smiled triumphantly when he had given his testimony. But Neil Lockawe laughed sceptically. " And you. Miss Maude, did you make a plain reading of the only saying that had any intelligence for me, ' The loch has spoken to you, and your heart i has" answered ?' If that is your fortune, pray inter- pret it." Maude looked up with a pretty blending of modesty and enthusiasm in the expression of her face. One hand held the glass containiug the bulb Norna hud given her, the other with open fingers still trailed on the water. " I don't think I can explain, Mr. Lockawe, but I can feel. And it seems, somehow, that a beauti- ful vision, which I have never yet quite caught, has been flitting before me ever since I came to Loch Anim. And now, somehow, Norna has made mo glad with a dawning hope that the talisman to bid it stay and become reality has been laid in my hand. That is"*all. You see that I must wait for the budding of this bulb before I can tell the color of the blossom." " A pretty, romantic thought, which you might have had and kept without Norna's assistance," said Lockawe, dryly. " Not a very lucid interpre- tation. " The loch has spoken to her. I knew it the day I brought her upon it," interposed Jock, in a solemn voice. " And in benediction, not in curses. You be not long enough hero, young sir, to know our history and legends. Wait till you hear about them, and you will be more ready to believe." " So you have romantic fancies as well as grand inspirations," said Kincaird softly, turning about and bending upon the girl that sweetly tender look which so transformed his grave face. Maude blushed again. " Am I very absurd ? See ! I have often trailed my hand in this idle fashion through many waters -in little lakelets of my own land, upon the waves of Geneva, in the Tiber and the Mediterranean. But here, certainly for the first time in my remembrance I seem to feel a soft clasp on my fingers every time. Am I absurdly superstitious, or has Norna put the thought into my mind ?" His eyes went down to the dancing waters. She saw a dark glimmer cross thom, as if some bitter thought stung bun. Then he looked up to her again with a happy smile. *. " No," he said ; " you are not. You can never be absurd to me. And I believe with you. The gentle water-sprites come up to caress you. May Heaven also bless you with its choicest benedictions !" " Such as Norna invoked upon you !" said Maudo, with a sudden daring impulse which almost fright- ened her by its persistence. She looked up, straight into his eyes, and scarcely spoke above a whisper, as she added : " She recognized you, How it must have thrilled you ! Norna know you, and, I think, so do I !" He looked at her for a moment in utter amaze- ment; and then, in the same low voice, articulated fervently, while he put down his hand into the water to clasp hers there for one single instant : " Then, indeed, have the spirits of the loch as well as my heart elected you. Will you let them rejoice now over their knowledge of what it means to me-to you ?" Maude's head was bent low over the water. There were sudden hot blushes on her cheek, a soft dew of tears gathered in her eyes ; but in her heart throbbed a new joy. And sho left her hand a moment in his, with the softly gurgling bubbles breaking over both. Then she drew it gently away, and folded both hands over Norna's glass, which held the brown bulb which was just stirring with the new and beautiful life that was to come. This little episode entirely escaped observation, because, just before it, Donald began to talk to young Lockawe about the fishing in the vicinity. Upon which Lockawe had asked Jock if he intended to be ready in the morning for Noina's great catch, which sent Jock off iuto one of lus animated recitals concerning Norna's singular power of predicting the coming of a shoal of fish before any of the old fishermen had seen any sign of the same. And then the landing at the foot of the stairs at the Gull's Nest absorbed all attention. {To 6c# continued.) 