THE GARDEN OF THE LORD CONCEALING TEE LORD OF THE GARDEN. BY THE REV. CHARLES H. PARKHURST. ( ContinuedJ One of the trees behind which the face of the Lord becomes hidden from us is THE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE. We shall mention only two or three of these briefly, but there is propriety in mentioning that first. It is the first historic instance wherein a good thing demonstrated its capacity for mischief. It is the first card laid down by Satan in his long game of trying to ruin men by the seductions of civilisation. The tree was of God's planting, to be sure, and knowledge is no doubt good; but from the first the devil has been a learned devil, and has posed as the patron of erudition. "Eat of the fruit of the tree," he said, " and ye shall become as gods." That "knowledge puffeth up " was known by Satan before it was stated by rit. Paul. Knowledge is the fruit of the tree that stood in the very midst of the blessed garden ; but knowledge is regularly accompanied by its shadow in the shape of a consciousness of knowledge; and consciousness of knowledge is on the negative side of know-nothingism. Consciousness of knowledge is more stultifying than ignorance, and is essentially atheistic ; atheistic in this sense : that it converts present cognition into a barrier that blocks the entrance of the heavenly light and thwarts the Holy Ghost. The tree grew in God's garden ; so our schools have been planted and fostered by the Christian Church. Still the multitudinousness of books, ideas, theories, and philosophies, out into which the schools have blossomed, tends to work that intellectual complacency, and that conceit of knowledge, which blurs every heavenly vision, discredits the wisdom that is from above, and routs the Gospel. " Not many ivise men after the flesh are called." Athens bent to the Gospel with the condescending courtesy usual to elegant learning. The arrow aimed at the sun ends at last by pricking into the dirt. A college may ba christened with Christian baptism only to become at length a smithy for the forging of spears to pierce afresh the side of the Crucified. Our science, mothered by the Church, easily grows supercilious and blatant and turns matricide. Even the sun lifts the mist that befogs the sun. One single electric light out here on Madison Square extinguishes the stars, and the shining of the low-lying moon snuffs out all the constellations of the firmament. The garden of the Lord grows up at length into such prodigality of leaf and flower as to conceal the Lord of the garden. Another tree behind which THE FACE OF TIIE LORD becomes hidden from us is that of ajjlnmce. There is an advantage in distinctly recognising that as being likewise indigenous to paradisaic soil. Even Scripture takes pains to show its respect for men that are in comfortable possessions and repeatedly gives us detailed inventory of their assets. " Money answereth all things " The first African convert, St. Luke is interested to tell us, was Chancellor of the Queen's exchequer. It seemed to gratify St. Luke to think how much money the Ethiopian was in the habit of handling. Even the dead body of our Lord was indebted to the rich Arimathean for a tomb to be buried in. It was not necessary for St. Matthew to say of him that he was a rich man of Arimathea, but he took an evident pleasure in it, and the Holy Spirit that inspired him found nothing in the way of it. And there is no soil so fitting to foster this growth also as Christian soil. In a company of a thousand people brought together outside of Gospel ground could you find so many men whose property counts up among the high figures as you can in the particular assembly that gathers, for example, in this particular church Sunday by Sunday ? The tree of wealth, verily, like the tree of knowledge, has its best rooting in the Boil of Paradise. We should no sooner think of speaking a disparaging word of money than we should of knowledge. But as knowledge trails behind it its shadow (a* we have seen), so money is regularly attended by its shadow. Knowledge becomes conscious of itself and so atheises. Wealth becomes conscious of itself and so atheises. The sun lifts the mist that befogs the sun. It iB not easy to become very learned without getting IoBt in the world of our own erudition. It is not easy to become very rich without becoming lost in the world of our acquisition. The Gospel has a hard stint to save either a philosopher or a millionaire. Money is just as holy a thing in one way as wisdom is in another. But it makes not the slightest difference how holy a thing is, if, like Adam, the Lord is on one side of it and you are on the other. And the mojre this consciousness of money is developed, the more truly the man becomes encased in a little world that is all his own, and tbe more impervious to any influences that bear upon him from without. The verdure becomes so thick that the sky gets rubbed out, and the tree so broad and massive that the Lord God shrinks into invisibility behind it. And although a tree in God's own garden, wealth operates still farther in the same direction by destroying the sense of dependence upon the higher power. Animals are domesticated by hunger, and men religionised by bread-and- butter necessities. There is just a little incongruity in a man praying, " Give us this day our daily breadwhen he is confident that he has already convertible assets ample to keep him in bread for a thousand years. Wealth induces a sense of sufficiency and of young almightiness that checkmates the Gospel and embarrasses tbe blessed Spirit. This, then, is another illustration of the way in which civilisation, although the outoome of the Gospel, nevertheless naturally works baokdiscouragingly upon th? ^ Q 