®otmb0. Bar. Wintry. Is that Speech ready 1 A dairy scare in Sydney. Don't forget the " May Fair." Nominations for East Adelaide. " To-morrow is our. opening day. :> Ebenezer on " The Holy Alliance. ir Heavy rains on Queensland borde \ The Bishop is better than his crecd. Mr. Jenkins is against the totalizator. Mr. Jenkins is in favour of a beer tax. Last three nights of " Crimes of Paris/' Our Australian boys have had hard luck. Mr. Scherk is in favour of the totalizator. Giffen has started in earnest, Jarvis's turn now. Australians beaten by an English county team. Barometer at 9 o'clock thiB morning 29.95,. ris'ug. Fifty thousand Greek troop3 to be disb.fded. P. & O. mail tender only £100,03C-no £110,COO. Why will not a crowd hear both sideB of a que3t?on ? A son of the late Dr. Moore out for East Adelaide. Ambulance lecture at Hospital to-night, remember. Mr. Alderman Solomon makes Chairman. capital Mr. Ward grew eloquent about the totalizator. Why did Mr. Ward speak twice last night, Mr. Mayor? Goodwood Literary Association honouring Mr. F. flask. Clements has adopted the discarded! Charles Mackay. Deceased Wife's Sister been again turned out of the Lords. New Zealand wants to borrow another million and a half. Don't forget the Bjy's Brigade entertain*, ment on Saturday. Against Notts seven of the Australians could only make 2S. How a few lines of poetry do- get at ail audience to be sure ! Mr. Alexander Bays he knows he has not the ghost of a chance. A very different sons was sung at St. Peters Corporation last night. Day of humiliation" postponed till " a' more convenient season." In the three first matches Garrett has dona the bowling for our boys. Alexander and Maclaren made the two corner" men last night. Victorian woollen factories want morat protection against shoddy. Oh! Ebenezer, Ebenezer, not a line of Charles Mackay last night. Norwood Corporation will now have a lam at deep drainage troubles. Victoria's Exhibition Commissioner wants another £10,000 for expenses. How does Melbourne manage to have such races without the totalizator? We are a community of respectable sinners," says Parson TurnbulL Yorkshire and German shoddy likely tQ shut up Victorian woollen mills. "Australians fielding has been weak,™ Strange, usually our strong point. Singer thinks Clements is trying to disorganize the W.M.P. Association. Messrs. Green and Hunter ought to have been heard. Fair play, gentlemen. The Lords won't have a deceased wife's sister—mother-in-law quite enough. No love lost between the Chairman and Secretary of the W.MP. Association. As a rule parsons are not a success iu con- troversy where they cannot dogmatise. Another outcry against the Peers for rejecting the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill. Parson Dods still defies the Melbourne Presbyteiy. " The de'il's in the man!" Sun rose at 6.57 a.m. ; sets at 4.55 p.m.. Moon set at .0.40 p.m ; rises at midnight. Parson Green enjoyed " seeing horses going in competition," bnt he didn't go to races. The totalizator is like those celebrated pills for earthquakes—it is good for everything. Ebenezer seems afraid that " we shall degenerate into a mere nation of milksops and cravens." "Clements has acted traitorously," said Mr. W. Taylor; and now let us heax from Clements ? If men take undue advantage of the Insolvency Act, why, mend the laws and don't! tnivel abont it. What is there to prevent the Vestnik'ff captain hoisting the Russian flag on the New Hebrides ? Not much difference whether Lower Hackney is drained into the Torrens or into Botanic Gardens. The W.MP. Association are going to thoroughly investigate that dispute between Taylor and Clements. As vinegar to the teeth, and as smoke in 3 swine's snout, so is the mention of a new. Treasurer to our own Newland. "A great Puritanical Humbug is growing up in this country," said Ebenezer. Now we want to know who that Humbug Is. While St. Peters Councillors are fuming against deep drainage, ratepayers are said to be quietly sending in applications for it, "Diplomatic reasons" prevent the final, decision of the Imperial Government anenfc the New Hebrides being notified to France. Some children have been stealing coal these cold mornings from the Port Wharf3. Their parents should look after them or the police will. Mr. Alexander told an elector that ha should have more sense than ask stupid questions about the best brake tor the railways. Our English correspondent cables—" The prospects of the Jubilee. Exhibition axe bright, if it only be taken up as a Government enterprise." On being interrupted Mr. Alexander said —"One fool at a time." Whereupon the Crumb philosopher growled—" Many a true word spoken in jest." "Aman should not be received into the Church until he had paid 20s. in the £," says Rev. O. Lake. What a dreadful limiting of the circle of choice ! A layman says " Our parsons ought to be humiliated that there should have been only one of their number who has in the past nobly done his duty." The London Sporting Life calls Sonth Australia a "priest-ridden, Salvation-Armyised, canting, snivelling colony!" Yet nobody, seems one penny the worse ! With the best of raw material and heavy protection Victorian woollen factories cannotf compete with outsiders, who victimize those who are snpposed to be protected. It does seem funny that, according to the sporting men, racing has declined, and« according to the religious men, religion 1$ declining—both at the same time. Quotation for to-day—" There are souls inthis world that have the gift of finding joy. everywhere."—Faber. And the Crumb man asks devoutly that there may be more of 'em in Adelaide. This is what" Joe Buggins" writes to the Crumb man:—" Sir to yon—I aint much of a gambler, cos I aint got much meney and nobody won't tick me, but when I has got some I likes to have a bit of sport, and likes it done on the square. If I shoves a tanner on the Costermongers' Plate and my donkey; comes in last, in course I wins the bet, and if the bloke I betted with, isn't a welcher I ropes in the dibs, but there's the risk, chances is he is a Welchman.' If I puts a tanner on the Chnrch Plate, which I don't often do, I has no show and never sees a cent back, they seeses the lot. [Shortsighted Joe.] But when I put my mopuseS in the Totalizator I did get a prospect, and if my hosB came in first was certain of the ha'pence. Consequently I hopes our M.P.'a will allow it again.—Yours, as you was, JOH BUGGINS." People who talk abont broken hearts' should read this sort of rhyme by a bluffspol en writer :— How much the heart may bear, And yet not break— How much the flesh may suffer, .Yet not die; I question much if any pain Or ache Ol -or\ oi body brings our End more nigh. Death chooses his own tine— Till that is sworn All evils ma; be botne. • 