-PUT ASUNDER. LADY CASTLEMANE'S DIVOBOL. AUTIHO1 t OR "l0 O?fl?H iOTAK," . " TRnow oW c ?Ee WORD," "A STIRUOGLE 1010 A OeING, " A BOTTER ATONEtE T1 LTO, CIHAPTER LL:--Contiinud.) ,. "It is not my fault; I have written to you I have asked you to come and see me. I have asked it I could not see you in London-" "I see no one I I go nowhere," sald Lord Castleomine, hastily.. "Now I look at you, I think you are a little changed, too, Isabel," "Iwonder I am not altogether changcd, when my heart has grown esik with oaro and sorrow. I could no longer endure my anxiety about yoo. I fnooed you might be dying hero alone. So, without saying a word toany one, I onme hore. I took a lodging at the organist's cottage, and finding you were at the abbey, I eomo over to see you--to urge you to do what you should do." "And what should I do T" "You should forget your past; you should shake off your gloom and make a now lifo in the future. A man in your position owes duties to his country and society;- It may be hard for you to come back, but it seecm to me you are untrue to yoursell and to your race when you shut yourself up to brood and'. die. Ieturn to public life, return to soeial life; you can yet find happiness and be useful." Lord Castlcmaine shook his head. " There are enough to do the publio work you speak of. Society does not need me, and Ism devoting myself diligently to the caro of my tenantry, to the improvement of the laboring classes, and progress of education in the country. For the rest I am a broken "I khow-I know," oried Isabel, "an apathy pueresc yon. I want to rouae yon from it. You have given top everything..Even in the matter of divorce the case is ata ostand. still." "There will be no divorce,'! said Loid Caetlemaine, lowly. "And why notl? Given that, you would be free of the past, and -once more ,bo happy. Gertmrde oortainly fled from you." . . "I think possibly in' that not sheu was •enfering from mania or halluoination, and to secore a divorce on that ground would be persecution." " You mako me angry, angry for your sako I" oried Isabel. "You were the ono.wronged and perrecuted from the begining. Ob; Ger. trado was never worthy of you. -It makes my heart ache to nee you clinging to a. memory ol a love that at best was . an illusive fancy. When given the joy of being, your wifete her; heart was not great enough to appreciate her plaen-she scorned your happiness, trampled on your wishes. At last I have felt it my duty to try and rouse you from fruitless grief by telling you that your idol wa always and only elay." "Don't IHush, Isabell" entreated L',rd Oaotlemaine. "I oan now remember nothing that once angered me; I only recall her as my lovely and loving wife, with whom I was and might have always heen so happy if I had not been too harsh and haotv." "You harsh and hasty I You wrong your. sell, and you are all wrong about her. Ger. trude was not loving-oho was a spoiled, ,spricious beauty. Can you not see it yet? She had been trained by an ambitious mother, and her pride was gratified at her sudden end easy conquest of the Earl of Caetlemaine. But hers was a ficklo fancy, and an inordinate vanity. She was born a coquette, and desired to see all men at her feet. To conquer Colonel Lnnox, who had been victorious over so many hearts, was her pride, and to indulge that pride ehao would ceror your love, shame your honour, moek Yourecomm nds. Oh, after all this, can you "lies Hyde, you were her friendI" "lers? I was v our friend. I know you first; and when I met her I read hee well; I underelood your Infatuation; I tried to warn you; and when I could not save you, 1 eet myself to the task of making her morewoae thy of you. I tried to rouse her pride in your lofty name-her respect for your linoeage; I tried to save her from herself and her follies; I thought i I were with her I could prevent her from committing errors-could help mould her tastes to your--oould prevent coliisions between you. I eelt my whole heart ,n earing you from shame and. disgrace, and nave failed." Lord Castlemaino looked up slowly; he, epoke quieily. "Isabel, answer me. You saw Colonel Lennox often; you saw him when he lodged at the organist's Tell me, why didyou meet him 0s you didi" mccl Isabel had not thought that this was known. She know nothing of the poacher, onD sinco happy in Canada But, nothing aWunteo, ehe made prompt reply: "Why did 17 Can you not see that, like all my other antse it was for you ? I did not care for Colonel Lennox ; I disliked him ; he wa" too Great a contrasot o yoU. 11e disliked mo. When I found that I could not prevent ertruie' mad folly in attempting a conqucet of him, and proving to you how little weight your authority had, I was so desperate in my zeal to hello you, to eave you from all this that has fallen on you and wreckcd your life, Rod is ending your lifo in darkness, and depriving your country of your aid; to hinder th when Gertrude would not listen, I tried aPoale to Colonel Lennox. I appealed to his honor to go away and tempt her no longer; I told him eho was playing with him, pnd making a jest of him; ond wilth him, as witihher, I failed. -Bot it Was-for you, not for them ; I did it all for you." "I cannot undcratand iou," said Lord Castlemaine, uneasily. '!Look back. lRwmember those early days of our friendship ; the winter beforo you met :Gertruda ;"who was your friend then? ..Vas not I the one you sought? Were we not oftenest togeother? Who so well as I could share all your aspirations, underatand your plans, r3 mpathieo in your pride of a noble race? Did we ever disagree? Whose talk intercstod you as mine did.? Had I not more ambition for you than Sou had for yourself? D:d'I not urge you to give yourself to politics, to oecome a power in the country?" !' We were indeed warm friends," said Lord Castlocr.ine. "And I was worthy of your friendship: and I am one who will give a friendehip unreservedly, and not limit its display. I desired your happiness; and when your iufatuation for Gertrude made it impossible for me to alve you happiness, except through her, then I devoted myrell to trying to make her worthy of you, to warding danger from your home; and I failed. It was not my fault -that I fdiled. If your happiness had been in ty hands primarily, you never would haveknown any sorrow." " I did not understand GOrtrude. I should have made allowances. She wan -young, ineorieonrced, indulged. If I had been more tender, less dictatorial, had left her less alone in society, had daily won her confidence more gently I Oh, I know my own errors, when it is too late I" " That is madness I ' said Isabel, restrain. ing her voice, but her soul was in a turmoil of jealous fury at his words. "There never was a man so deceived. D:d abe try to gloss over your faults, or what she called your faults?- Did she not mako a jest of your honest prido of race? The stories of the house of Cuetlemaino were her theme of sarcasm. She despised you because you wero given to pursuits of peace. Men of war, like Colonel Lennox, were her heroes, as redaoatod soldiers are heroes of bar-maids. She acoused you of pride, of tyranny; she loved to vex you. When she had grown weary of Colonel Lennox, she would have amused herself and tortured you by flirting with some one else." " You are wrong, I am saure you misjudge her. And, at all events, remember she is yet my wife." "I do not wish to remember it. Break that tie.' which is now virtually null and void. Take up a new life ; marry- some one worthy of you; make a tour of the world, and in two or three yearereturn ; open these closed doors; fill your house with hospitall. ties worthy of your race; talke your'place in Parliament; become n power in your country; livr op to your rights as Prl of Clstlemaine.' "It is impossiblo I Mine is a heart that loves bluntoce. Whether Gertrude loved me as I did her, I cannot tell. To her my least thought was true, Beside her no other woman looked lovely or desirable. Even if she had really fled with Colonel Lennox, and I had secured a divorce, it would not have been to marry again. I.shoild have lived in the memory of my lost love and my lasting woe." Isabel Hydeo suddenly bent her head on the table near which ho sat, and burst into a passion of sobs and tears. i Lord Castlomaine remembered, what Lady Craven had told him of Bliss Hydo'n evident interest in himself. Even hin heart, apathetic now to all words of love, told him that Miess Hyde had now epoken to him of more than friendship. He knew not what to say or do., He sat in silence until her stormy emotion had worn itself away. '. "Mliss Hyde, I am grateful to yon-grate. ful for sympathy, for past friendship, for pre. sent interest-but all .your remonstrances moat fail to lhauge my course, or animate my heart to any hope of happiness. Let me remind you that you are yet a young, beauti eul woman, with your fortune before you. Grateful as your kindness is, I cannot accept it at the price of embarrassment to you. In your kind sympathy for me, and for my orife, you forget-what your Aunt Cresseon woild not fail to roeall-that you are too young and benutilul to coma here without a chope. ron. We must part; my sadness grieves your kind soul; and your friendly intereet in me makes It hard for me to rejret your noun. eels, noa I unalterably must. Will you not allow me to accompany you through the park Sto the ' Nuns' Gate,' where we shall say good bye?" - - b - -Hlre rose. -Ibl rose also, She pushed back the disordered hair from loe -heated brow. She Iqlked into his face, - \- Say goodbye ?" she faltered. ' ." Yes, Isabel. Good-bye is all I can offer, for even friendship, now." - . Good-byoe-and forever ?", . - S:Forever I" - " \- Oh, Lord Castlemaino I" cried :Isabol,' holding out herhandstoldm. "Lord Castle. mains l-Rudolph I will you never 'care for' 07" - Ambition, prido, sellshness, many evil pas. sione were in Isabel's feeling for Lori Castle. maine; but thero'was also love, real love, and that love thrilled in that passionate cry. It was one drop more in the cup of Lord Cnatlemaino's bitterness. He was chivalrous toward women. He had really been a friend to Isabel Hyde, though he had often thought her a singular girl, and her manners bhad many times pun. zled him. Ho knew by hard experience how terrible a thing was love outraged, unreturned. But her cry fell coldly on a dead, shrouded heart. He held out his hand gravely. " Come, Isabel, we must go; we must part. It is only one more of the hard things in our fate. "Go, and forget me." - "I cannot-I will not forget 1 " said Isa. bel, "'Remember,"eaidLord Castlomaine," that whether she is living or dead, my heart was unalterably. given to Gertrude." - And he led her beyond the " None' Gate, . CIIAPTER LXI. "I rrEaLL NEVE oRETrON. SIf Gertrnde Caotlemaine had been a oriml. nal, flying from justice, making every effort at concealment, she would probablyhave been discovered long before. As she proceeded on the Dover boat, at Calais, and afterwards, in a perfectly quiet, open, matterof-ftat way, no one had had particular attention saled to her, and no one, when inquiry was made was able to identify her. Colonel Lennox and Isabel sedulusly kept the secret about the carriage-the colonel, be. cause his discomfiture, it known, would have made him the lasting butt of jest;Isabel, boe. cause her action in thIe matter would have ruined her with Lord Castlemainel The carriage.driver had not only been well paid by Gertrude for silence, but that night's work woeas his last drivineg in Englind; he had already secured his pnssago as an emigrant to Australia. The theory of the pursuit had been that Gertrude had gone by cars, or on foot. No one imogined that ahe ehad caught the Dover boat tihat very night. The tewardoss of that boat was called next day into Helgium, to a dying mother; and tlohe fact that at Calais Gertrudo had covered her bht and face with a thickr tiosuoe vil, and carried her cloak on her arm, with only its whito lining visible, had completed the slender chailu ot events which diverted pursuit, sopocially when that pursuit dated all its inquiries at least twenty.lour hours too late. That very week of Isabel's painful visit to Nsetlh Abbey, Dr, ltnedal and Mr. Grim. held met there to consult with Lord Oaetle. maloc. "I have concluded my personal visitation of every publio and private institution for the Rick and the insane in the United Kingdom," raid Dr. Randal ; "I have convened with the attendants, and looked over the records; I have examined the burial records of every parish in England; end I cannot get the faintest trace of your wilfe." "Our agents in Scotland Yard have come an no trace, and seem iopolcue orf ucceess," raid Mr. (irimhold. " It im , as I told you at irat, Lord Castlemainer; we must make mere of the press-of advertisintg." "I had enough of the press, dragging my family cfllai?i to light, whou that pnragreph about the divorce, in Truvth, turned all eyes and all tongues on my unhappy wife." "B h u styou mst consider howgreat interestse are at stake. You may have a wife-posaibly a child. You neu:t find them. It you have a child-a ran-thee child is the heir to youer estates and titles. lle would noe be nearly a year and a hell old. b-ie may he living in pauperism, or as a fonadling. livery week paesed,dime recollcetion of events, and maees discovery more dificult. The inding of yeaur child, if it exists, is of instant importance. If yon marry agan,, and have a son, his posseesion of title and esttoe wounld be always jeopardiacd by tihe possible existence of an elder son. "3oides, net knowinog whether Lady Caatlemaino is alive or dead, yoe.cannot marry-unlaes, lndeed; you con. elude your suit for divorce, which you might possibly obtain." "I shall never conclude the suit; and I shall never marry," "Then, unless you find your child, if:one exists, what is to become of your title and estates. Yours is a long line to''end so - miserably." "And what course do you wiei me' to take ?" "Advertise through the pollet of 'theentire' United Kingdom, by printed slips, carefully describing Lady Castlemaine's- appearance and date of departure, giving no name but mine as address. Advertise in till the papers of the kingdom, by slips nddreesed .to. 'Gortrude,' asking her to retorn, or give in. formation, and pledging that her demands shall be gratified on every point-that she' sball have all her own war.. Advertise also in Italy, in Germany, and Franoa." "Do anything you like," said Lord' Caqitle. maine. "Advertise as you like; but I know' it Gertrude yet lived I should have beard from' her. Could ahsi have enidred loeneieeoss like: mine?"' "You forget," said Doctor Randal,-,! she may have a child. -That would very largely console her, and fill her heart." "But there is no need' fr her silence. Ishe knew.I loved her,"'." * "Answer me a few questions, said Dlootor Randal.. " You were jealouis of Colonel Lennox, and accused her of various follies i" ' ."Unhappily, yes." ' '." She seemed greatly terrified, overwhelmed, distreased?' "Yee.'! ,"In your anger, you threatened separation ordivoree ". . ' " 1. Yes, yes; I have admitted all that.", "Do, you not know that if she' had remained, and you had demanded separation or divorce " " "I would nbt have done so,"interrnupted Lord Castlemaine. - " Probably not, when the Whole facts were .before you. She did not know that. She thought you meant it. I say, if you had earried out your threat, and she had had a child, especially it a son. you wduld have had oustody of your heir. There is nothing like maternity to sharpen a woman's perception of results, of facts. -Ulusoed to any business, as Lady Castlemaino was, the mother instinct would have shown her her danger of being deprived of her baby. It she ihad some slight mania, as I apprehend, that would have Intensified her terror of such loss-her expoe. tation of it. A mother will do anything to retain her child. If Lady Castlemaine is living, and keeps silent, it is because she fears you will claim custody of her little one." "But what em I to do?" cried Lord Castle maine, rising, and pacing his library in die. order. The idea of Gertrude hiding in loneliness,' terror, poverty, to conceal that beloved child, no precious in his thought, drove him frantic. " Advertise, as Grimheld suggests, in Eng. land, Sootland, France. Address ' Gertrude.' Tell her, her child shall not be interfered with; she shall make her own terms,. Also, fee the French police heavily enough to set them searching for any stray English lady, fair and young, with a young child. France is near; your wife spoke French fuently. As' we,have failod in England, I look to 'France. Franoo, too, is the land where ashe could live longest on the sale of her jeowels."' " Randal is quite right," said Ir. Grim. held.- . -' A tap at the library door. "The mail, my lord," said Jenkins,. Lord Castlemaine took the letters, and 'mechanically turned them over. He started back at sight of one, and dropped it, with an exclamation. It was from Egypt, in the large, peculiar script of Colonel Leonnox. At first Lord Catllemaion felt as if hl could not open it-as if one of his friends must break the seal. Teen he gathered him. self together, becaure there might be some. thing under that cover. which no eye should see but his own; IIo withdrew to an aleove, and opened the envelope, with a trembling hand. It was dated at a military hospital, it ran thus : L , onn C.et'rr.unueu :-- We have been enemies ; but when life reaches its end, en. mities are forgotten. 1 write to do justice to your wife. I never met a lady whom I admired as I did Lady Castlemaine. She was as good as fair. There was nothing in her intercourse with me to which any hue. band could object, except that she tolerated my society, and that was because she did not know my abharactr. All my association with Lady Castlemaine-all our meetings arose not from her will ; she was invariably betrayed into my company by her friend, who deoeived us both. I should say no more. Where your wife went, and why, I do not know. A?k Miss IIrle-she konice. LENsor," "Oh, Gertrude I doubly injured Gertrude I" cried Lord Castlemaine. " We must find Miss Hyde, and question her," said Grimheld. "I will telegraph to Lady Crosson to obtain her address." The day alter that bitter interview with Lord Canstlemaine, Isabel entered her aunt's dreesing-room, in Lady Creason'e country. house on the banks of the Thames. "Isabel," said Lady 0reason, sharply, "you told me you were going to Mliss Aller. ten's. I had a note from her yesterday. You have not been therea. Where were you?" Isabel was silent. " I insist upon knowing-I have a right." "Yes, you have a right," said Isabel, boldly. "You are to take me to Lady Go.r don's country.seat, and I have two gorgeous dresseso up stairs, witneses of your right, I was at Neath Abbey, to soe Lord Castlemoione." "IIHeavene, Isabel I What madness I And you with a proposal from Lorl Stuarrt Douglas l" "I have not accepted him, aunt." Lady Cresson threw up her hands and eyes. "Isabel, you are twenty.four Your hayv beeniv oseasoes out.r Youhane reusmedl two or three offere, but have had no good offero till now. Now, by extraordinary, marvellouo fortune, a fine.looking mae. of your own age, heir presumptive to the Earl of Dnoedin, propoees,' ad--you say you have not aeoopted him I Toil fo to see Lord OCatlnmrlnol" "I went," said Isabel, hard and bold, "to see for mypelt whetherr there wal any hope that Lori OCatlcmaino would Inish his divorce case, and make an offer to ne." " horrible I t Ionetrous Ourageous I" groaned LTdy Creenon. Iuabel proceeded steadily: "There is no suho hope. Ho wil not get a divorce. 110 will not marry gana. He is still the elave of that whitoafaced folwho loft him." "IHuth I Your language is sconlelous." "I went to him, aunt, because for more than four years I have loved him-because I am mad ol,hut him. I think I world rather take Iludolph Ca:tlemaine, without title or estate'. tltn one of the princes of the royal blool'." "The princes and Lord COstllmaino are equally out of your reach." "I ane it. Composs yourself, Aunt Ores. son. I told Lord Smart Douglas that he should have my answer at Lady Gordon's, next Thursday. I shall accept him. Ishall have a little title, a prospective coronet, a for. tune, three handsome estates, an amiablehas. band, who marries benause hie uncle orders him to .Io so, and who likes me as well as any one. BI sure, aunt. the belle of fire seasons appreciates her good fortune. At all vents, I shall not make a scandal, and leave my huso band, as Geriruda Craven did."' ':O'S, heavens I And yeou are to be pre. enated on Thursdny to the Earl of Daned. din ,. • / Thursday had come. ?ceneo-Laay Gor. dan's country seat inl nt, thronged with guests. Envied of all, i abel Hyde. After Sve senrons hoe has ured a' proepeotive ahrl ' L?rd Stuart Douglas i a tall, jolly, noisy, red.whiskered, florid,, h nest young Sootch. man-not very anntimen 1, but heartily ad. miring hiseflancee. The Earl of Ddnoddin as some, and is to ha presented to his tftur niece. Isabelis oni theari of Lord Steward aoglas; Lady or. don han'theoearl'e arm, ady COrnson is elate. The five meet in the gron drawing-room, and' there are many there to e. . ' Uncln, allow te to pseont thoe future Lady Douglao." ' Buddeoly a black lonud rests on,tbe faoe of the old 8:otnh earl. His oextonded hand atops halfway; his eold,.-blue eyes fixed on Isabel in a ferocious glare.. ' . " ; " Thins ,dy your'future wife, Douglas ?" b'Yes, Iblet andyou ar. an admirer of benuty-dark bhosauty-" ' '. "I never forget a beautiful nfaea nce seen,' said the: orl, still glaring at Isab.l,? ;Then ; "Lady Gordon, may we withdraw to a more private room?" . .. The five are alone in the library. ? "biss Isabel Hyde," says tho earl, in the voice of a judge, "carry back youd mind to the latter part of Sept'mber befor 'last--al most tworyears ago. Think of th IErdmose sttion.". "! 8he was visiting Lady: astl mains'at Neath," cried Lady Oresson. The earl waved hia hand, and roeneded solemnly : . "At Iedmosn station, after mfl fight, you entered the train for London. Thu third. class cars were out of the quiestion ; the second. class were pretty well tilled; two' fret-elass rars were paid for as private. You entered the other, where there was one traveller, in a cloak. You were not alono;-you were with Colonel Lennox, and I was that traveller. You went to London. Yonu and Colonel Lennox left the train togrtlher; you entered a oab together. IB aore I secured a cab yours was out of eight. It was bofeore four o'lock, a very dark morning, and-time charactor of Colonel Lennox Is well known.". Lord Stuart Dauglas, with flaming eyes, had dropped Isabal's hand and stepped back. Lady Gordon looked scorn and dismay. Lady Cresson was pallid, and dropped into a chair. Sheooriod: - "Sir, you are.mietakon I " " I am not mistaken. I could swear to her. I saw her for over an hour. I heard her voice. It was she I " "I only met ColonelLennox by acoident at the station I" arid Isabel, breathlessly. "I missed an earlier train. If you had followed the eab you'would have eoen that I went to tho Westminster Hotel, and he to his club." "You can never explain or excuse a lady of your age and position wandering alone at night with Colonel Lennox. The wife of my heir must be withobt repronoah. Lady Gordon,, allow Douglas and myself to take our leave; it will cause lees talkl.' They departed. Lady Gordon looked at aunt and nirce. "Dear,.Lidy Creason, you have my, sympathy. This is terriblel I t my home is full l friends-uyoung ladies, too-" ; "I undertanld you,". said Lady Cresson. "If you will order a carriage, I will at once remove my nieo." - They worelin the ear. . , "Isabol," said Lady Cresson, 'II will. see you again. You understand, you can enter London society after this, Go and hide your head I'' -: They parted at the Junction-Lady for London ; Isabel apparently for Isabel pnased two stations. At the th lef1 the car, and waited for another tra She had made up her mind. She would throw herself on the mercy of Lord castle. maine. She would tell him that she had been aaoriflcod in her effort to save his wife, for his sake. In recklessly undertaking to lead Colonel Lennox away from Gertrude, she had destroyed herself. All hope was lost now but in Lord Castlemaine. She would go and boldly plead her lore for him. Even if that failed, mi what would she be worse off than now? CHAPTER LXII. " ?now TnE ebRE CAME TR?In Shut up alone in her firste.lase carriage, Isabel Hyde suffered an anguish as of lost souls. Fury against herself, remorse, not repentance, seized her. How easily she might have prevented this horrible end I On that fatal night, when sho had meant to hetray Gertrudointo flying with ColonelLonnox she had madly lost all by going to London in his company. She could have remained at the cottage, bribing the woman to eilence. She could have gone to a hotel at Redmose, and left alone in the early morning train. In her confusion and wrath because Ger. trade had overthrown all her plans, she hurried to London in the same carriage with Colonel Lennox and allowed himto escort her as far as the hotel. True, she had catered the hoteld alone; she had given a feigued namet breakfasted alone, and gone home by tha aftereoon's train. London had been empty society poople; no one recognied her jho suppose that eoaldn dead and bursc. Now it had otime comeup like a ghost toreak her engagoment with Lord Douglas, wh was making anine day's wonder at her acling good fortuno. SLady Cordon would e obliged to explain to some extent. Lord eglas would feel him. eelf obliged to explain Her aunt had linnlly oanet her off. Her fam would be furious at her folly, and the wrece of her prospects. The glories of Doug and Duneddin grow on her noas they vanioh out of her grasp for over. She was takin er last chance. Ieor one hope was in t lp, the cth ehivalry, the blindness of Lord CaO maine. To him eho hasten, flying with all the speed of steam throei the waning summer day, . • . • Lord Castlemaine ~d Dootor Randal wmore neausily paoing tie rrare. Lord Castlemaine had sent li dispate to Lady OCrenson. His I one hope lay now i resting the truth from IsabelI Hydoe. Everyour seemed a year, until he could get on thi aek of his vanibhee wife, / Up the long avenue dashed a horse, covered with foam, and ridden by mcan looking like a public house hostler. Mean and boast were breathloss, and covered with duet. The rider held out to Lord Castlemaino a slip of paper, rumpled and soiled, torn from a noto-boolk, and hastily written upon with a load pencil. Lord Cletlemaino snatched the paper and read the lines : " Terrible I It. nccident, fivo miles beyond Iedmose. A lady in first-dlass car seriously injured. She is in a state of extreme anumety to see you. Come at once. She cannot live out the night." Lord Costlemaino reeled back against' Doctor RHndsl. = Doctor RIndal, it is Gertrude I" " Who is the lady ? Have you nothing else?" shouted Dr. Randal. The man was still fumbling in his pookets. He found the object of his search and handed it over-a card. "It was in her pocket," he slid. On the card was: "I'ntr.L Hoc." "[Mau l" shouted Lord aCstlemaine, "'did you sne her? Wns she dark?" "I don't know-yon-I saw her- yes, she was dark and handsome. It is her spine, my lord. She is quiet, and don't suffer ; but she 'is grin' fast. You'd better hurry yourself " "'lorses I horseel" roared Lord Castle maine ; " the two fastest horses I" The grooms sprang about in the stables, and in fiva minutes two swift, blooded horses, Impatient hfr the road, were ready for Lord Caotlemaine and Dr, tandal. They leaped into the saddles, and were away like the wind. " The sun had set ; the moon had risen; the world was stillin the balm and dew of the summer night; the insects whirred and chirped; sotlly from the distant woods called the sad whip-poor-will, or ebantedthe nightin. gale; and still over the broad, hard road thun. dored the feet of the horses, as Lord Castle. maine and his friend went to her who was dying in her wasted youth, and so unfit to doe." They re?ace'd the place at last-the turn in the road where there had been a collision. Caunro-a negeclted swiltch.. More remote eauea-a switch-tender asleep. S'ill more remote cause-a human being overworked or seven days in the week ; given a pittance; shortened hours of rest; length. ened hours of labor. ''renated as a man? No ; as a machine. Well, the mtahine breaks down; the min falls asleep. Asleep ? Rather into coma. Who is to blame ? Some one is to blame. Sin this wreooked train; see. all these dead bolies The jury will blame and punisteh the switch.tander. High Heaven will blame the company who overworked him; and this blooI and his blood will be required at their hands. 'Here is the cottago where Isabel Hyde has been carried. A cnouh has been drawn into the contre of the room, made as easy as possible, and on it lies Isabel Hyde, the shadow of death already quenching the fire ofe her great black eyes, and smiting the, lately splendid color from the cheek of society's Rod Rose. Lord Castlemaino and Dr. Rtandal entered. "Isabel," said Lord Castlemaine, beading to take her hand, "Heaven only knows how grieved I am to see you like thisl" "You will be sorry about me, Lord Castle. maine ?" said Isabel. "Yes; words cannot tell how I shall grieve that you die so young and so suddenly. " And you will stay with me until I die 2" "Yes, lsabel." "It is more than I could have expected; and it is better. What was there left for me to live for ?" said Isabel. The women of the houseo withdrew.., Doator Randal went out and spoke with the doctor who was attending the injured, then returned and made some alight examination of Isabel; more was not needed; her fate was ca her face. . "Miss Hyde, do you knmow your stato?" "Yes, I knowr," said Isabel. " And what can I do for you, Isabel, now or hereaftir ?" said Lord Castlemaine. " You ban listen to what I have to say," said Isapbl. " I sent for you for that. I shall shook you, Lord Castlemaine; but do not leaps me for that."' "I will\not leave you. -I have promised." "Say, before I begin, you forgive me," "I-f give yon," said Lord Castlemaine. ' Thinl nbak to when we first met. I know you liked t; you liked me better than all the rest; saw it. At first I acoted toward you mere as ambition, and Aunt Cresson's orders to uke a good match dictated. But I grew to ove you. I, who had never cared for anyo , whose heart was cold to parents, brothere?ieters, friends, I loved for the first 'time, an I loved yen-oh, how madly I" "Hue hush, isabel l" said Lord Castle main, dply pained. SIt iso late to nmid now," said Isabel. "Let m go on. You never spoke or acted love, b there was no one you preferred, and I Yoped-until you met Gertrude, and eu loved her at once, when you had known io so toeg I I tried to win you away, but u unheeded my efforts to charm you; you .e ot to be won. I hoped to the last op?id until I stood first brides.maid at your wedding, and there I swore to part you-at any ýrico." - : ' "l. hbell Isabell are you mad?'. ried' Lord astlemaine. "Ts ' is the hour of truth, 'I pretended' strong riendship for you both,. It was love for you hate for her." " MIy nor Gertrude I" moaned Lord Castle. maine. - " She as wax in my hands; so woere you. I made he little quarrels between you; I made yo jealous, and roused her prido, and made her endstrong. I introduced Colonel Lennox toher. I told her you were meanly jealous, and that he was the best of men. I planned meetings for them, sending him word wherever she should be, and sho never knew it. I forced them together. I saw he loved her; she never dreamed of it. Iasked him to lunch at your house; I arranged the tableaux I I telegraphed him to meet us at Bath. I goaded her constantly, to resist you. I read to him, and loaned him all her letters from Neath. I told him to follow me to Neath, and he should see her. Iplanned meetings which were surprises to her; and I tried in vain to rouse in her love for him. She was his friend-only that-just as cool and calm to him as a woman of snow." " Oh, Gertrude, my darling I my injured darlieg I" wailed Lord Caetlemaine. " Gertrude furiously resented the hour when he passed beyond calm, respectable friendship into a plea for love. She resolved neror tosee him saksh. He wrote Ieo-stho only lime. In her distress she burned the letter, fearing your jealous rogoe. It was to me she tcld your threat of saparetion, yourorderto go to Eet. dale. It was I who painted to her the dis grace of eseporatlon. I told hier you would rob her o her child. I planned to fly with her to France. I told her we could hide in the South of France until you same to herterms. I had hired the carriage, brought ii to the 'h Nunn' Gate.' I put the glove, pioture, and handkerhinf of Colonel L?nnor in her room. I took her to the carrioge. I had arranged to leave it on a slight excuse, have Colonel Lennox silently take my place, and go with her to Dover--to Clas--beforo ie revealed himself. I knew a fl:ht with hlim would never seenr innocent, and you would divorce her. I hoped youa would turn to me. I cannot tell how it wee-I had led, ruled Gertrude all along-nat the moment I left her in the ear rings she took her future into her own hands. The carriage dnshed off furiously. She was in it alone. Colonel Lonnox and I were left standing in the road. We went at once to London. That night joerney with him has I sincoprovedmy destruction. I was seenrecog: nlsed." S(To o ecntfinufd.). A WONDERFUL WIZARD.-(rConcluded) But, wonder of wonders I this Hercules, a moment since so strong and proud, now bows his head ; his arms rivetted to the box, undergo a violent muscular contmection ; his legs give way, and he falls on his knees with a loud yell of An electric shock, produced by an in ductive apparatus, had been passed, on a signal from me, from the further end of the stage, into the handle of the box. Hence the contortions of the poor Arab I It would have been cruelty to prolong the scene. I gave a second signal, and the electric current was immediately intercepted. My athletic, disengaged from his terrible bondage, raised his hands over his head. "Allah I Allah I" he exclaimed, full of terror; then wrapping himself up quickly in the folds of his burnops, as if to hide his disgrace, he rushed through the ranks of the spectators and gained the front entrance. With the exception of my stage.boxes and the privileged spectators, who ap peared to take great pleasure in this ex perisment, my audience had become grave and silent, and I heard the words "Shaitan " " Djonoum I' passing in a murmur round the circle of credulous men, who, while gazing on me, seemed astonishod that I possessed none of the physical qualities attributed to the angel of darkness. I allowed my public a few moments to recover from the emotion produced bypny experiment and the flight of the herculean Arab. One of the means employed by the Marabouts to gain influence in the eyes of the Arabs is by causing a belief in their invulnerability. One of them, for instance, ordered a gun to be loaded and firdd at him from a ,short distance, but in vain did the flint produce ashowerofsparks; the Marabout "pronounced some cabalistic words, and the gun did not explode. The mystery was simple enough; the gun did not go.off because the Marabout had skilfully stopped up the vent. Colonel do Nevenu explained to me the importance of discrediting such a miracle by opposing to it a sleight- of-hand trick far superior to it, and I had the very article. I informed the Arabs that I possessed a talisman rendering me invulnerable, and I defied the best marksman in Algeria to hit me. . I had hardly utteord the'words, when' an Arab, Who had attractednmy notice by the attention he had paid to my tricks, jumped 'over four rows of seat, and, dis dainmsg the use of the "practicable," crossed' the o- rchestrai .upsetting flutes, clarionets,i: and violina, escaladed the strgo, while burinig' himself at the foot lights, and thes said, in excellent French : ' will kill you I'" . An immense .burst of laughter greeted both .the' Arab's picturesque accent and his murderous intentions, while an inter 'proter who stood near mso told me I had to deal with a Marabout. "You' wish to kill me 1" I replied, imitating his accent and the inflection of his voice. "Well, I reply, that though you are a sorcerer, I am still a greater one, and you will not kill me.". I ,held a cavalry pistol in myhan~d, :which I presented to him. : " hore, take this weapon, and assure yourself it has undergone no preparation. " SThe Arab breathed several times down. the .barrel, then tlftough the nipple, to.. .assure himself there was. no communica-. tion between them ; and, after carefully examining the pistol, said :. . "Tfhe weapon is good; and I will`kill you , "As you are determined, and, for,more' certainty, put in adoublocharge of powder, and a wad.o· the top." "It is done.' " Now, here is a load6n ball ,mark it with your knifei so as to be able to recog nise it, and put it in the pistol, with a' second wad." "It is done." '' " Now, that you areo quite oure that" your pistol is loaded, and that it will ex-' plodo, tell me, do you feelno romorse, no scrupleo, about killing me thus, althoughl authloriso you to do so a" rl " No; for I wish to kill you," tho?rab bepeated, coldly. Without replyng, I put an apple on the point of a knife, and, standing a few yards.from the Marabout, ordered him to fire.r "Aim straight at the heart," I said to hhn. My opponent aimed inmmediately, witl. out the slightest hesitation. , . The pistol exploded,' and the bullet. lodged in the centre of the apple., : ' i I carried the talisman to the Maraboult, who recognised thleball he had marked. I could -not say this trick produced, greater stupefactionthan the one preceding it; at any rate, my spectators, palsied by surprise and terror, looked round in silence, seeming to think: " Where the deuce have me got to hero 1" A pleasant scene, however, soon un wrinkled many of their faces. Tle Mara bout, though stupefied by his defeat, had not lost his wits ; so, profiting by the moment when heo returned me the pistol, he seized the apple, thrust it into his waist-belt, and could not be induced to return it, persuaded as 'ho was that;lhe possessed it an incomparable talisman. But Houldiu still more increased his relputation as a sorcerer by a second exhi bition before a number of Marabouts. He was visiting at the house of one of thorem, and puzzled the party by several easy tricks. Finally the oast stepped forward, and resolved to cnd the necro mancy by proposing a most impossible cat : "I believe in yoursupernatural power," he said; "youell are a real sorcrer; hence I hlope you will niot fear to repeant hero a trick you perfornmed in your theatro;" and, offering me two pistols hlie held con coaled beneath his burnous, added: " Come, choose ono of these pistols; we will load it, and I will fire at you. You havd nothing to fear, as you can ward off I confess I was for a moment staggered; I sought a subterfugeo, but fouind none. All eyes were fixed upon me, and a reply was anxiously awaited. The 3farabout was triinilhiat. Ilou-Allem, beisg aware thalnt my tricks wore only the result of skill, was angry that his guest should be so pestrerl; hence he begas reproaching the Miana bout. I stopped hiiii, hoiever for an idea had occurred to me, which would save mo fross iyt dilesulns, at least teii porarily; thqu addressing my adver " You are aware," I said, with asuir. I rance, "that I require a talisman in order t tio be invuln rable and Unfortunately, I haveo left mine at Algiers." The Marabout began Inaughing with an incredulous air. " Still," I continued, "I can, by re maining six hours at prayer, do without the talisman, and defy your weapon.. To-morrow morning, at eight o'clock, I will allow you to fire at 1md in the presenco of these Arabs, who wero witnesses of your challenge." Bou-Allem, astonished at such a pro mnise, asked me once again if the promiso were serious, and if he should invite the company for the appointed hour. On my affirmative, they agreed to meet before a cortain stone. I did not spend the night at prayer, ra umay be supposed, but I employed about two hours in insuring my invulnerability; then, satislied with the result, I slept soundly, for I was terribly tired. By eight tile next morning we had breakfasted, our horses were saddled, and our escort was awaiting the signal for our departure, wiich would take place after the famous experiment. None of the guests woro absent, and, indeed, a great number of Arabs came to swell the crowd. The pistols were handed to me, and I. , called attention to tle vents being clear; tihe Marabout put in a fair charge of pow- , der, and drove the wad honie. Among the bullets produced, I chose one which I openly put in the pistol, and which was then also corered with paper. The Arab watched all these proceedings, for Iis honor was at stake. We wont through the same process with the second pistol, and the solemn moment arrived. I posted myself at fifteen paces from thl sheik, without evincing the slightest emotion.. The Marabout immediately seized one of the pistols, and, on my giving the sig nal, took deliberate aim at me. Tie pistol' went off, and the ball appeared betwoeon my teeth. More angry than.over, niy rival tried to seizo the other pistol, but I succeeded in-. reaching it before him. : , " You could not itijure me, I said to him, but you shall now see that- my.ainflis' more dangerous than yoours. *i Look at that wall.!' ; " ' ' I pulled the triggor, and on 'lthlen ly whitewashed wall appeared a largo piato of blood, exactly at thli spotlwlicreo'! ad " aimed. The marabout wientup to it, dippcd. ia finger in the blood, and maising-it to .his mouth, convinced hinmself obf thed reality. When he acquired'this certainty, his anrs foll, and his head wrinsbowed on his chest, as if lhewere annihilited. --.- ..i',' at The speectators"raised their eyda' to heaven, muttered piinyrs,-anld 'regardedl me with naspocies of terror;. 'i . This scene was a trinulphiant teriination. to my prforimanco. I therefore retired, leaving the audience under tlio irmprcaissioni that I produced; We took leave of :Uou Allomsiand his son, and set off at a gallop. The trick I have just described, though so curious, is easily prepared. I will givO' a description of it, while explainingltho trouble it took me. As soon as I was alone in my room,n I took out' of my pistol-case- sithout whichi I never travel-a bullet-fiold:." ;,. : I took a card, bent up the four edges,.: and thusaindo a sort df'trough, .inl which. . I placed a-piece of wax taken from,one of thle candles. When it 'was'? imelted, I. mixed I little lnuip- black I ind obtiained by putting the blade of a - knife over the ' 'candlo, and than ran this comIiositioi into the bullet-nold. ' ,, - SHad I.allowed tie liquid to got uito cold, the ball would hiavo beooi full and solid ;but in about ten seconds I' turned. ,the mold ovei,, arid the portions of'wax not yet sot ran out, leaving a hollow'ball : in the mold. The op rationi is tie sanino. as that used in making tnlers, tlio thick. - ness of tle outside depending on the timlo the liquid has been loft in the mold. , I wanted a second ball, iWhicli I. mido rather more solid thamf the other; and this L filled with blood, and covered the orifice" -with s lump ' of wax. - An Irislhian had onc'e tauglt'mo thle way to, draw blood, from thie thumb, w?ithou; feeling any' pain, ,and I employed it on this occasion to fill my bullet, . :; ' ..' Bullets thus prepared, bear. an extraor dinary resemblance to lead, and are easily mistaken for that metal when soon at a short distance off. SWith this explanation the trick will be. easily uidorstood. , After showing the leaden bullet to the spectators, I changed it for my hollow ball, and openly put the latter into tho pistol. By pressing the waxR tightly down, the wax broke iAto siiall pieces, arid could not touch me at the distance I'stood.. At tle moment the pistol was fired, I opened my mouth to dosplay the lead bullet I hold between my teeth, while the other bullet contained the bullet filled witlbblood, ishich;bursting against the wall, left its imprint though the wax had flown to atoms.-The Argonau.t. 