A~ COLONIAL DEMOCRATIC M.P. ON IRISH HOMILRULE. MR. C. B.« JONES'S LECTUBE. 'We have already briefly noticed, the interesting lecture on ' Parnell and Home Rule' delivered in the New Masonic Hall,- Sydney, by Mr. C. E. Jones, a, member of .the .Victorian Legislative Assembly! Mr. T. M. Slatt'ery, M.P., was the chairman, and the Hon. John Nasjle Ryan, M.L.C., tftiip.nniari n. ?nln.po rm'f.Via nlufffti-rn' ' ' Mr. Slattery said that when he was asked to take the chair he naturally ... made inquiries with respect to the, lecturer's political opinions, and being assured that, Mr. Jones was a Home Ruler (hear, hear), he'without' hesitation consented to itot as chairman on the Qcca&ion.; (Applause.) Mr. Jones, M'.P.', who leceiveda welcome of ap plause', said that Trelaud had for 'centuries suffered wrongs ,'and injuries by acts of inisgovernment which would never have been submitted to by Great Britain from any other power, and which, would never have' been tolerated by the people of 'Great Britain if inflicted on any other dependency'under tlle'sun., (Hear,1 hear.) It was the custom to affect sympathy with oppression and struggling patriot- ( ism under every form, and over and over' again the highest praise was fc-e3towed by Engli&h; writers and speakers on the patriots of Switzer land who fought so gallantly for liberty in their1 native land'. (Applause ) Englishmen were1 proud of the, Switzers who fought suc cessfully for national freedom on the bleak mountain sides against the invading Aus trians The struggles, saorifices, and triumphs of the Switzers, formed thu themes of praise and admiration, and the English were proud to ac knowledge that those Switzere fought in a, noble cause, andJ that they had won the^liberties they now enjoyed in a manner, which, reflected glory, not only upon their own country, but; upon the, hu man kind. (Hear, hear.) , Therdeeds of heroism and, valour which formed part ,'of the history' of Switzerland' were admired by none more' than by the English ;' indeed, patriotism was admired wherever displayed, save in Ireland. (Applause) And he, as an Englishman, would say, that it would be more to their credit that patriotic aspir ations and struggles should be appreciated im partially^ whether 'it: was the case ot the Switzer or 'the Pole fighting against Austrian tyranny or of' Pat ' struggling manfully to make those bogs of hia the home of a free and contented people. (Cheers.) England's in justice to Ireland was ' an ', accepted fact, and it was scarcely neces'sary to his , subject or essential , to his aigument that he should go back to the days of Stiohgbow, and tnrh over, the musty pages' of half-forgotten, history to discover the proofs of Ireland's wrongs and injuries at the hands of England, for, unfortunately, 'these cruel wrongs were mulcted generation atter generation almost up to the present1 day. ' (Hear, hear.) It was' sufficient for his' purpose,, and 'for Ireland's claims, ' to know tnat even' in comparatively modern times there had been injustice, cruelty, and' neglect of a character which should compel Great Britain to wear penitential sackcloth, and inspire 'every Briton1 with a sense of his duty to do his' utmost in atonement and reparation for the sins of his nation. (Applause.) Conquest gave no right to plunder and illtreat, save in 'the sense in which right is understood by the burglar, fhe assassin, and the highwayman. (Applause.) With nations, as with individuals, it, was only adopting the highwayman's policy to seize and rob under the plea that — '' ' ' ' He shall take who has the power, Healiallkeepwhocn.nl' '????»' - - ? (Hear, hear and applause.) It was by no right that England took Ireland from the Irish,, and it ?was by no right that Ireland' was kept in its' pre sent state. (Applause.) Conquest Jgave no right to 'oppress, no right 'to take the soil from the people, and even' if conquered the national aspira tions of a people could not be effaced. (Hear, hear.) In the case of Ireland there really never had been a conquest by England. (Applause.) The English ' had ' taken advantage of the quarreJs of the septs,' and by intriguing assumed a power over the 'country.' The land should never have been stolen from' the Irish people. Talc'e any'other country, and it 'would be found that the land was the people's. Kings and sove reigns may grant what privileges and favours they please j but they 'cannot take away the God-given right to the people of a nation to live on and cul tivate the soil on which they are born. (Ap plause.) The Irish' never' 'ceded their inviolable right to the soil, and, the' fruits of the soil',' for they could cede nothing which 'belonged by right of succession' to' theirr children and following gene rations for all 'time. ' (Applause) ' The' 'soil of a country cofuld'not 'belong' in 'fee to any single human being/and the prop ised scheme of restor ing 'the lands 'to the 'tillers of the soil could be regarded only as a simple' act of justice long delayed. (Applause.) ?, 'In 'glancing' briefly at the -1 'earlier'' perio'ds r'o¥J- misrule in Ireland he' .did'1 not ''propose to occupy their' time with J'*ah'ylJ'lerigthy -references' ,tq ''Cromwell. (Hisses.')' Speaking as1 an' Englishman b.imbelf,'he- (Mr. Jones^ looked upon Cromwell'' as a great Englishman who 'had 'done service for England of a character which only* Englishmen could be expected to appreciate.' '(LaugnterV) ' Irishmen very naturally could not even 'bear- to -hear^the mention of hie name. (Hear, hear.)1 ' Cromwell, regarded entirely from an English point 'of view/ was a'man who did a great work for'the' natioipto which he belonged, and was entitled te'remem-' brance, if only for his successful opposition- to' those who ignored the rights of the people and claimed themselves ;a right 'divine to dp wrong. The1 period to which ' special reference was necessary in a consideration of 'the 'Home Rule question' ' was '? the ' historic' period1 of the bat tle'' of1' the' HBoyne. -Ireland' Having ''become pa'cified,' the industries 'and manuf acturies,' many of Vth' em 'established ltheren'by 'Englishmen' and Scotchmen,' were -flourishing in a remarkable man ner and benefiting the people at large. -It was only natural to think that the-'King — William' of Orange-^-would have been gratified to see such evidences of industry -and -prosperity in Ireland. But instead of the King encouraging these indus tries and manufaf'turies, history tells^the humili ating story Jof William yielding to a petition of Engliah'-'manufacturers and capitalists to extin guish and suppress the national industries of Ire land. 'Many'i. profitable manufacturiea ;.were^ at that time in existence in * Ireland, and in order to effectually oiush theni all; tnV British Govem nient prohibited the Irish from exporting their woollens and. 'others manufactures' whioh' had formed an important i trade with Italy and other parts of (Euiope. The effect of tyranny and in j ustice of that kind could only be realized in Australia by a command from England to close all the workshops, factories, and storerooms in the colonies on the sole ground that the industries and trade of the colonies were competing with Great Britain. . (Hear, hear.) Of course it would be said that such a monstrous edict would be in operative in a country with Home Rule like Australia ; and that such a thing as crippling all the industries and stopping all trade was alto gether out of. the region of possibility. Well, what better argument for Home Rule could there ,be ? (Applause.) The results in Ireland at the time to which he referred were most deplorable; in deed there was no parallel in history. Dean Swift; writing at the time, illustrated the miserable state to which the nation had become , re duced by a satirical description of a method of providing for the famishing people by fattening the children up to the age of six for food for the table. The injustice did not stop at the destruction of the factories and workshops. At the instance of those interested in England , having a monopoly of trade, a navigation law was passed absolutely prohibiting produce being, sent from Ireland to any port until it had been -first, sent to England, and there heavily taxed- accord-; ing to the caprice of, British merchants. Was it possible to imagine a scheme more brutal or more foul coming from a Parliament of ^demons ,pre-. sided over by Satan on his throne ? (Applause.) Unfortunately tor England history was too clear in its records of this and other instances of injub tice, , and if necessary page and line could be quoted, verifying in all its horrible truth — tne testimony of British not Irish historians — ther injuries, inflicted by England upon the unfortu nate- nation so unfairly and so unequally yoked, tb what it is the Englishman's pleasure to speak of as ' our mother land.' (Applause.) He was willing to admit that the , Englishmen 'of to-, day were not to blame for the misdeeds of their ancestors (hear, hear), but every Englishman was to blame it he did not do all in his power to re medy the wrongs under which Ireland had so long suffered. (Great applause.) One Englishman 'to-day, William Ewart Gladstone (cheers), was making amends for past wrongs (continued cheers), 'and closing a grand career he had shown himself 'impressed ? by the necessity of introducing , a measure granting Home Rule to Ireland-. ? (Re newed cheering.) Mr. Gladstone saw clearly that the ? only wise and honourable course open to, the British Government was to assist Parnell in establishing an Irish Parliament on' College Green. (Cheers.) He (Mr. Jones) honestly be lieved that Mr. Gladstone's scheme was the only way out of the'diffioulty in. which England found herself placed. (Applause.) Ireland had claims for compensation which it would be as idle as dishonest to deny. (Hear, hear.) Everyone knew the circumstances and particulars of the celebrated. Alabama claims. The United States presented an enormous bill for the damage in flicted .on commerce by cruisers fitted in England and despatched to America, to operate against the North while the slavery war was being fought. The demand was not acknowledged at first, but v/hen a great and just man came into power — Gladstone — (cheers) — the amount of compensation was submitted to arbitration with the result that 'the United States received three millions in sa tisfaction of claims wholly insignificant when com pared with* those of Ireland. (Applause.) Ire land in truth had a much larger bill than that of the United States, and it should be remem bered that nearly two centuries have elapsed since the injustice in regard to trade and in dustries was commenced, and that ever since that time the Irish have suffered terribly in conse quence of the efforts to make Ireland subsidiary to Great Britain. (Applause.) The condition of -the country at the present hour afforded the most convincing proof of the misrule and con sequent decay which had been going on with ever increasing ill effect year after year, and century after century. (Hear, hear.)' If her series. of injuries, losses, wrongs, ,and sufferings were, presented in the form of an account against tht British Treasury who could fairly estimate the amount of just compensation ? Much, had been said of the proposal to buy back the land for the r Irish people, but if instead of .£250,000,000 for land purchase a thousand mil lions had been demanded, it would have been far less than the sum that England ought gladly tax itself to ,make amends for the past, and to secure a true and friendly * union of the two nations, for the future. (Cheers.) It was well that in the colonies the Home Rule question should be freely discussed on its merits and not in, a religious sense. The question was a national one, andiProtestants hadras much right to enter into it as Catholics, on the great principle and justice of the demand for Home, Rule. Indeed he eould-nofc help thinking tthat Protestants ought to take a larger interest , in, the settlement of this question .than Catholics, for'it was 'Protestants who had donetbe wrong. '(Hear, hear.)/ 'It was ve~ry, probable it 'would be introduced into their owji colonial Parliament as a subject for 'debate, and/ if' so,' all' religious and party 'considerations sjho'ul'd be'^pid aside. ' (Applause.)' The 'question was a 'great one, and yet an exceedingly simple one^ and colonists, mindful of the advantages and blessings they themselves enjoy, should resolve to'iio^, their duty as men and as Christians, and by, taking upon their shoulders their share of the burden' of 'patriotism, prove themselves tiuo lovers 'of liberty1 and supporters of justice. (Ap plause.) It,had been asserted over and over atjain, without reason or honesty, that the Irish vero not, able to govern themselves, and that it was not safe to_trust them' with freedom. He should like some one to tell h*itn when the Irish people were ever trusted' with free .institutions or even fairly treated by the English. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Had they ever, except in the colonies, been en trusted with the rights ? and liberties enjoyed by other people .and1 could an instance be cited here or in America to show that Irishmen were un worthy of those' rights,, or unwilling to fulfil all the duties and obligations of free citizenship? (Applause.) As a matter of fact, Irishmen were inclined to pay too much homage to power »nd authority, and -were if anything too .fond of the pomp' and ceremony of royalty. Irishmen were as a rule, by their nstqcil re verence for authority, more incused! to be loyal 'to the, Crown than the average Britisher. Englishmen weuld continue to be loyal to th Queen and thejerown so long as'they represented the law of the land, but there was no reason ii the world why strong feelings of loyalty shoul- be expected in Irishmen till the hand of friend ship was held out and amends made for wrong inflicted. (Applause.) Speaking personally, hi couid tell of his own experiences of Irishme] throughout the colonies and in America as well Without hesitation he could say that he foun- the average Irishman a good law-abiding citizei wherever permitted the full rights of free citizen ship, and he considered that ,where the Irishmai was debarred from the enjoyment of those righti he should be looked upon with- contempt if h- did not agitate till the land was as free to Him a- to any man ;under the sun. (Great applause.^ Everyone now-a-days admired George Washing' ton as a hero of liberty, , but all the same thej knew that the first President of the great Ameri can .(Republic was at one time regarded as s traitor, because he dared to make war against that poor wretched idiot George the Third, i (Laughter and applause.) Washington began as ?a so- called rebel and a traitor, but his victory over the English established him a world-acknowledged patriot and a hero president. (Applause.) There was great truth' in the saying, that patriotism ia vtreason when unsuccessful, but when successful none dare call it so. (Applause.), Let them , regard George Washington on the one hand and ; the great patriot, of Ireland, Robert Emmet (cheers), on the other. Compare these two men, and ? the parallel would be ' found perfect. Emmet, according to the accounts of his trial, entered into a compact with the French troops to land in , Ireland, -so that a ' fight might be made for the rights of Ireland, which England refused to concede. Washington while in an English possession sought the aid of French troops to support his struggle for liberty against tyranny, and was successful. Unfortu nately Hobert Emmet was' seized, condemned for treason, and'pnti(to death, rand no epitaph will mark his tomb till the liberties of his beloved country for which he strove and prayed shall have been restored, and with them Ireland's position as a nation. (Cheers.) It was his (Mr. Jones's) sincere belief and his most earnest hope thai the Parliament of Ireland,'ceded in corrup-1 tion at the close of the last, would be revived in a nobler and more national form before the close' of this century. (Cheers.) Then Emmet's epitaph would, be written. (Cheers.)' It oould not be questioned for a moment that it was mainly owing to the -leader of the Irish people (cheers), the Irish cause waB so conspicuously before .mankind' as it is to-day. (Applause.) He is not so great an orator as O'Connell, and in this respect he does not compare with G rattan or Gurran ; but the fact was undeniable that as a statesman, Mr. Parnell had made himself and his cause thoroughly understood and respected by the world. (Applause.) By a people remark able for their devotion to the Catholic religion, Mr. Parnell, a Presbyterian, was regarded with more affection, and trusted with more implicit faith, than any other leader Ireland ever had. (Applause.) Who could stand up. and say, in the face of this proof of a nation's confidence in a Protestant leader, that the Irish had not lived down their religious prejudices ? (Hear, hear.) Here was a man trusted unquestioningly by a people from whom he differed on all essentials of faith and religion, a man loved by a whole people because they knew him to be honest and true to the backbone and spinal marrow — (oheers)— -a man possessing no wreed for personal emolument, (and who was cie iited with a sole ambition to leave no effort lack ing to bring about the victory for Ireland which was coming as sure as the sun was coming to morrow. (Cheers.) Of course they were all aware that Mr. Parnell was an Irishman by birth, but ae (Mr. Jones) might be permitted to say, ihat the Irish leader was not of that im pulsive school of Irishmen which had for Its motto ' where you see a head hit it.' [Laughter.) His manners and characteristics tvere more those of an Englishman or a polished American, and his success as a politician was Largely due to the fact that he had studied the irt of government both in England, America, and -n the Continent. (Applause.) By his judgment, joolness, and tact Mr. Parnell had been able to do something more than ever had been done by any )E the great leaders of the Irish people, not ex septing O'Connell, for O'Connell with all his power really achieved very little for the people )f whom he was the idol. O'Connell struggled md fought manfully according to his lights, and t could not be denied that he had many iniqui tous acts repealed. After O'Connell's death the uantle of leader fell on Mr. Butt. No man look ,ng back upon O'Connell's life could doubt for a Moment that hid aspirations were noble, and he liinself as honest as the sun. But he was of a jenerous and impulsive nature, and his feel ngs of patriotic pride or gratitude often carried aim to extremes, whioh a more astute leader would lave avoided. Butt was a man who put his faith1 n orderly measures and courteous debates : no 'orced divisions, no obstruction or stonewalling —(laughter) — a man who could make as fine a ipeech on Home Rule as anyone could wish, but lothing more. (Laughter and applause.) As night be expected, he beemnu too friendly with ?he Ministry, and this was anything but a hope 'ul sign for Ireland. Sixteen years ago the question ihat Home Rule thould be conceded was formally ntroduced into the 7loucc of Commons, and vhilc the weight of nigunientwrs undoubtedly on Mr. Butt'b side, the majority of numbers was un mitakably on the other. (Laughter.) This idmirable airaugemont would in all probability lave beon continued for centuries, if Mr. Butt :ould only have lasted to make pleasant lush speeches with t1 ceit.iinty oi! boing out-voted oveiy ;iine. (Laughter and applause.) Para ell's irst appearance in politics gave little pro nise of success. When in 1874 Parnell ft-as nominated for Dublin, he appeared xjfore the people as pale as a ghost, and so lervous that his tongue refused to do its work. 3e stumbled ovf-r a few sentences, and then' itoppcd short ; so filled was he with thoughts and ispirations that he could not give them ex pression. At that critical moment he might lave confessed himeelf a failuie, and retired 'or ever ; but he pulled through by sheer force of vill and determination, and gaining the confidence )f the people, was elected for Meath in 1875. The policy of the Irish members at that time might aot inaptly bo desoribed aa ' open your mouth and shut your eyes, and see what the good GqP - vernment,willsen/Iyou^ (laugTrter and applause), ?? and probably but for Parnell such a state of hop- ' ing and expectation might have' continued to the millennium. (Laughter.) Mr. Parnell, Mr. Biggar ' (applause), and others entered upon the active prosecution of Irish claims in Parliament with Mr. Butt's assent. A new 'Irish policy was intro duced into the House of Commons which meant in the first place obstruction, and in the second place no work for the British unless Ireland's claims were properly recognized and considered. Mr. Butt was approached by the* Government of the day, and it, was represented to him that the young Irish mem bei'B, and notably Mr. .Parnell, were doing a great deal of . harm to Ireland by adopting ag gressive and violent measures, ( and the consola tion wa? , added, ' perhaps in 'fifteen ,or twenty years, if all goes well, there's no telling what may come to Ireland/' , (Laughter.) Mr. Butt did not agree altogether with the tactics 'of the new members of the party, and Mr. Parnell' was) elected active leader, with Mr. Butt as nominal' head, This was the commencement of Mr. Par- - (n'ell's power and influence -in the House o Commons ; the cloud then no bigger than' a cinan's hand may ; now' be said to envelop the- ' whole of Westminster. (Laughter and .applause.) ? The man who stuttered and stammerejd at the -little election meeting in Ireland now stands. , before the Empire as a master, the uncrowned . ?King addressing the nations of Europe, and de .manding justice for 'Ireland in words which ring an echo through -the world. (Oheers.) The won derful organization' and unity of the present Irish ' Party were manifested' in the late general elec tion, and the most remarkable feature' of that election was the spectacle of a Catholic coun try giving the most practical proof' of its faith in the Presbyterian Charles Stewart P,arnell by returning 85 men pledged to follow and support him. (Cheers.) Very .little! was - heard 'now of dynamite or assassination. (Hear, ' hear.) 'The true secret of political success had been discovered, and the Irish .people them selves, bound in constitutional ^organization, invited the English to calmly , discuss the Irish claims and rights, confident that less consider ation cannot be shown than was shown to ,the American slaves, tto whose ransom England contributed, 50 millions^ though the oppression and suffering could in no way be charged, as in Ireland, to British misrulp. (Applause.) It was well nigh impossible to have two parties without' wrongs and misunderstandings on both sides, but as far as Ireland was concerned any trangressions were clearly attributable to the misrule of those who called themselves masters. (Applause.) It was not the people of England but ;the .Government which was to blame, throughout, and the sooner a mutually agreeable and mutually honourable settlement was come to the better for all parties. The present state of things could not possibly continue much longer, and no man would care to leave a struggle of this kind to hig children if he could himself in any way hasten its termination. (Applause ) Beyond a doubt the day was coming rapidly when the object of the long struggle would, in spite of all opposition, be '' accomplished in the establishment of a Parliament on. College Green. (Cheers.) The Irish Parlia ment would have to have the right to determine the. fiscal policy of the country. (Applause.) Nothing short of Home Rule in its fullest sense would satisfy Ireland, and with Home Bule would come not only the encouragement, but the pro tection of Irish industries. (Applause.) Mr. Parnell had shown himself a protectionist in the matter of suppling cube sets totthe Dublin Cor poration. Welsh quarries competed at low rates in order to force the Corporation to abandon the idea of using the cube sets from Mr. Parnell's quarries ; but Mr. Parnell won the day and carried a point in the protection of native industries. Under the last Irish Parliament industries and manufactures flourished on account of being pro tected, and depend upon it when the Parliament was re-established in College Green the busy hum of commerce would be heard again through- ^ out the land, which would once more resume its brightness and life, and become one of the most prosperous as well as one of the most beautiful lands upon w hich the sun shines. (Applause.) He was proud to know that Mr. Parnell was a thorough going Protestant, and it would surprise him (Mr. Jones) if every Irishman in the colonies and every advocate of Home Rule, of whatever faith, did not follow the lines of the agitation as laid down by Mr. Parnell. (Applause.) It was the duty of every man ,who professed himself a lover of jnstice and fair play to throw in his influence in this struggle and make the Irish cause a univer sal demand for the restoration of a national right to a brave and devoted people. ' (Applause.) It was the, duty of every right-thinking man to assist 'by his approbation, his public sympathy, and his practical assistance in 'the carrying ? of 'a measure honourable alike to , England \ and Ireland, and which would be a blessing to both. i(Applause.) It was only common justice(that -Ireland's claims should be' settled once', and for ever. (Applause.) 'When the ,land is , nationalized and fairly portioned, . and. , Home:, Rule , is a reality, then Ireland will . offer to ,the world a grand lesson, the lesBon of a' ' great nation fre'eing itself from tyranny and op pression, and onjoyiug a new career of glory and peace,' govern* d by the power of its own people, supported b'y its own industries, and standing in its renewed energy and increased strength, brave, just, and 'able to bid defiance to all the in justices and tyrannies of the earth. (Loud and prolonged cheering.) 