AUSTRALIAN TALES AND ADVENTURES. « No. 5 NELL B R Y C E. BY BOBT. P. WHITWOBTH. " Yon noticed that tall, handsome woman I called your attention to in the asylum to day ?' queried my friend Dr. Macintosh, aa_wa sat.in his cozy dining-room one day, smoking the post prandial cigar over a glass , of generous wine. By the way my friend is famous for bis cellar, and deservedly so, as I have reason to know. I had that day viBited the Dunedin Lunatic Asylum with him, and he had whispered me to observe one of the patients, which I had accordingly done without attracting her notice. She was a young woman, not more than twenty- five or six I should say, and had that in her appearane which struck me as being extremely remarkable. She wap, as the dootor said, "tall and handsome," very handsome, singularly beautiful I should have expressed it, bat with a weird kind of beauty.that almost oreated a painful seda tion. Her hair and eyes were dark, and the latter large and lustrous, but with that weary, vacant, far away look, that tells so surely either of some great unforgotten trouble, or more pitiful still, of a wrecked mind. She sat quite still, speaking to no one, noticing no one. Still and motionless, except for a nervous play of the hands, a kind of ceaseless, and to me, unmeaning in tertwining of the fingers, ceaseless, at all events so long as I saw her. I replied that I had remarked her, and was greatly struck with her appearance. "Poor creature," said my friend gently, " she is always like that, perfectly quiet, and yet absolutely, hopelessly mad. Her'a is a sad, very sad story, should you like to hear it?" "I should of all things," I replied, and then I learnt the story of Nell Bryco. " Six years ago," said the doctor, " there wasn't a man, woman, nor ohild for twenty miles round "Palmerston who didn't know, or who, at all events, hadn't heard of, Nell Bryce. She was the daughter of Dan Bryce, a well to do Bettler living on his extensive farm between Palmerston and Moeraki, and waB unquestionably the belle of that part of New Zealand, not only on account of her re markable beauty, but also of her wit, spright liness, grace, and good nature. Not a young fellow all over the country side but would, BO to speak, have gone through fire and vfater to win a smile from.her, while to enjoy the favor of her - hand in a dance was felicity indeed. It needs hardly be said that she was in great request at all the little feasts and merry makings in the district, and, in fact, no ball or party, wedding, or christening was looked upon as very muoh, unless Nell-everybody called her Nell-Bryce was present, and the happy swain who, for the time, aoted as her esquire, was as cordially envied as he was hated by his less fortunate rivals. Light-hearted, full of girlish fun, quiok at repartee, saucy, somewhat coquettish even, as she was, there was another and deeper side to her character, unknown, perhaps, to herself, a latent strength of will and fixity of purpose, which it only needed circum stances to develope. . There is no doubt that she might have picked and ohosen at will for a lover, had she so ohosen, amongst the best and. wealthiest young fellows far and near, but she laughed at them all, and so far was, as the saying goes, " fancy free." Of oouree she had lover?,or would-be lovers, by the score, with whom she danced, sang, drove, rode, and flirted generally, but when it came to real, right down love making in earnest, she would none of them, packed them off incontinently, one after the other, with a flea in their ear. But the pitcher that goes too often to the well is sure to get broken. A handsome young fellow named Davii Cameron, the son of a farmer on the Waikouaitr Downs, was notioed to be more specially favored than the rest of her suitors, and, in short, ere long, he was acknowledged as her accepted lover. - But there were complications. Old Dan Bryce her father, who had allowed her to have her own way in moBt things, had some notions whioh were not altogether peculiar. He was a fairly wealthy man, while tht Camerons were not by any means wealthy. Then again, old Cameron, though poor, was as proud as Lucifer, and was not inclined to sanation a marriage in which, as he put it, " the laddie canna bring maut for the lassie's meal.'' Old Dan Bryce flew into a most tincon* saionable passiCB when the thing was hinted at. "Av eoorse, Aileen, my lady," said he, " ye'll do jiat as ye loike, yez always do, hat niver will ye get my consint, nor a farden of my money nayther, until that ouldScotoh nagur puts down poind for pound wid me. -And that's the price of Daniel Bryce; more betoken that's poethry, and so there ye have both rhyme and razon." Now neither-Nell nor David were exactly fools, and although love in a cottage is all very pretty in your school-girl romances, still the hard practical reality is another matter, and they both knew that well enough. And young Cameron waB an honor able fellow, who could not bear to think of dragging down a wife, and such a wife, to a life of poverty and domestic drudgery. They must wait for better days. He would go to the diggings on the Arrow and the Shotover, where men were picking up gold galore, and after a time, when he had made a pile, would return again and claim her for his bonnie bride. The old, old, story. They plighted their troth, sworo vowa of eternal fidelity, and parted. That is the end of many stories, but not of mine. Time went on. Nell heard from her lover now and again. He was on the Cardrona doing well, making money fast. So he said, and it was true. He and his mates bad straok rich gold, and in a little while, a few months perhaps, he would come back to her he loved so truly. _ . This episode m her life was a sealed book between her and her father. He might have suspected, but he said nothing, nor aid she. ' . Time still went on, and he was still doing well. He would start back in two months he wrote, in a month, in a week. Oh, blissful news. His share came to something over £2000, most of it he had in cash, some in. gold. He would start in three days, he would be with her in a week. In a week. In seven days. How thoee days lagged. Would the week never be over ? Alas 1 alas! Better for her if it never had. * ?* . * » The road, or rather, trac"*, for made road there was none, from the Cardrona was up the river as far as Boundary Creek, then over the range and down the Kirtle Burn to the coach road which runs through the dark rooky defile known as the Kawartu Gargp, a defile celebrated for the wild savagery of its scenery even in that land of mountain and of flood, of gloomy pass and rooky fastness. From the Cardrona, under Cruffel Peak, David Cameron, bidding farewell to his mates, started. The track, hard to find, and harder to keep, had no terror for him, for in his belt he bore the wealth he had striven so hard to attain, in his heart he oarried the picture of the fair face waiting for bitn in the South, and the dismal purple gray of the stark mountains round him was rose- iinted by the sun of hope and love that illuminated his desolate path. He started, elate with joy and btight an ticipation of haloyon days to come, and was heard of no more until The week passed, weeks passed, and he made no sign. The sun rose and the son set,the mpon waxed and the moon waned, and he was yet missing, and hope, long' de ferred,'faded oui of the heart of the weary, weary watcher, and as it did, so faded the light out of her eyes. Hope after hopeless hope, then uncer tainty, then fear. And still no word. . 1 ... At last news came, terrible news. A party of diggers bound for the Cardrona,had missed the track, and at the foot of a huge rock abutting on the Kirtle-burn had come on the remains of a murdered man, evidently mur dered, for plain to be seen in the forehead of the bleaohed skull, were two clearly defined bullet holes. His clothing, torn by the hawks and kea?, was in rags, and there, was no sign of money or other valuables on bia person. The coroner came up from Cromwell, due enquiries were made, and a verdict " a man believed to be David Cameron found murdered by some person or persons unknown" re corded, and the poor remains were interred in the wilderness where they had been found. The police were set at work to discover the murderers, but with no avail. Perhaps they did not trouble themselves in the matter ove* much, and so the thing died out. . , The bodies of diggers found dead in the bush were not so uncommon as to create more than a nine day's wonder. And so the thing died out, and Nell Bryce, the bright, sparkling,light-hearted Nell Bryce, was left with a shadow, the dark shadow, of a widowed love, on her life. For a time she was as one stupefied. She went to and fro listlessly, sq performed the household duties on her father's farm almost unconsciously, Bhe lived, but, as it were, in a dream. Then came the a wakening, the bitter awak ening to the full extent of her bereavement, and with it the reaction. It was as if his blood were crying to her from the ground. Her brow grew stern, her supple mouth hard, .her bright eye wild and haggard. She had but one thought, and on it she brooded day and night. Eavenge I Bevenge I on those who had slain her beloved. She had read of murderers, impelled, perhaps, by some stern Nemesis, who could not but visit and revisit the scene of their crime, and a Btrange whim, a wild, mad icfea if yon will, took possession of her. She, where the police had failed, would trace the matter out, and where so likely as in the neighborhood of the murder. One day Bhe was missing from her father's house. She bad taken the down coach for Dunedjn, and left a letter for her father in forming him that she had gone away for a month or two, and praying him neither to Beek nor enquire for her. From Dunedin she took the coach by Tuapaka and the Clutha to the Clyde and Cromwell, and, so far, all traoe of her was lost. And now came her self-imposed task. Two days after her arrival in Cromwell, tho Queenstown coach set down at the hotel near the KoaringMegin the Kawarau gorge, a dark-haired, dark-eyed girl or woman, who had answered a standing advertisement in the local papers (for servant girls were hard to get in those days) for a barmaid, and bad been accepted. It was no sinecure, this place of hers, for the house, on the main road to and from the Wakatipu gold-fields, was [mainly kept going by the numerous diggers passing to and fro, and, many of them, " knocking down " as is, or was, the wont of their tribe, their hardly won wealth. ' In her the landlord and landlady soon found they had a treasure, for Mary Joyce so she had named herself-while willing and obliging to the rough customers, knew how to hold her own, and had a way with her that kept even the rowdiest diggers at a dis tance. She w^s quiet,reserved, but invariably civil and obliging. Yet there was something about this pale, silent girl that nobody could make out. She was ever watchful, ever observant, ever seemed to be expectant of something that never came. And so the days melted into weeks. Oi all the visitors to the hotel there was one who seemed to puzzle her. He was a tall, cadaverous, ill-looking, meanly-dressed fellow, who used to hang about the place for two or three days at a Btretch, then go away for a time, and return again to hang about aa before. He seemed, like her, to be expecting some one who never came. On him she kept, for some reason she could n6t explain to herself, a constant and wary eye, watching his incoming and outgoing, those he associ ated with, and listening, when she could without being ooserved, to his conversation. But all to no purpose. She had learnt, could learn,nothing. Absolutely nothing. Patience, EL. -?????IIMIHIH iiiiu-MiirMrwiMBW---Mf patience, weary heart. The end would come, did come, and in this wise. One afternoon, thi3 man, whom they called Joe the hatter, wag standing at the door, lounging lazily against the jamb, smoking, Bhe watching him as usual, when she saw him suddenly start, flush up, and turn into tho bar-room. Presently a stout ish, red-whiskered man entered from the road, and throwing down a poundnote, loudly de clared his intention of shouting for all hands, some six or seven men who were drinking at the bar." She quietly served the drinks, keep- . ing her attention fixed on the two the while. ? ' She saw the tall man had paled, and that his hands and lips were trembling nervously. The new-comer, who was somewhat the worse for liquor, was very noisy, and was boister ously calling for more drink, which the land lord, who had come in, was only too ready to serve. - - , Then the tall man, who had sidled up to the stranger suddenly took the opportunity of whispering something into hia ear, some thing vrhich apparently had tho cffgct of sobering him at once, for he too turned pale and staggered as if he had been struck. " What d'ye mean," he shouted eavBgely, . " and who are you, anyhow ?" " Come outside and' I'll toll you. I'ya something for your private ear only," Baid Joe the hatter significantly,and with a sinister glance into the other's eyes. v He could net meet the look. Ho was evi dently cowed. "Excuse me for a minute, mates," ho said, with forced hilarity, "this man has a little business with me. Fill 'em up again, Boss; I'll bo back presently,'1 and the two went out. . . What meant this fluttering at the gurl's heart ? Had the end come ? Intuitively sho felt it had. Was she ready? Excusing herself to her employer, she flew to her room, unlooked her box, and took something from it, then stealthily left the house the back way. Concealing herEelf as well as she could, ehc crossed the yard toward the stable, where sho conjectured tho men had gone. She was right. They were thero, and conversing in a low tone. She stole noise lessly round to the door, -where, herEelf un-. seen, she could hear every word. " It's no use your denying it," the raBping voice of Joe the Hatter was saying, " I know . you, Ned Peters, if that's your real name. I saw you do it. I saw you shoot down David Cameron as plain as I see you now/ Two shots you fired, one from behind the rock.. and one when ho was down, to make sure. I saw you take his belt, and drag him off the track behind that big bodlder in the creek. I'd have tackled you there and then, but you were armed, and I wasn't, and I reckon you'd have shot me too. Do you deny it?" " I can't deny it. You're too strong for me. I did kill David Cameron, and now what-Ha 1" . What was it7 A vision of a girl's white face, . a sharp report, a whiff of pbngent smoke, a oryof "Blood for blood," and the murderer fell on his faoe, dead. A ruBh of feet, pale, frightened men look ing in over the threshold at the prone body, and, standing over it, motionless as a statue, a tall girl in black, her teeth set, her eyes gleaming with a Btrange light, one hand olenched, and in the other a still smoking pistol. ( They epoke to her, but she did not answer. They touched- her, but she did not move. , Nell Bryce was mad." " No one who has looked into life with honest eyes can have.failed to-discover that it derives untold values from the ? love whioh welcomes its dawn, attends its growth, and advances step by step and soothes and cheers it3 old. age.'"Human love is itself a pearl of great price. How it enlarges, enriches, and ennobles life I What beneficent ministries it oonducts! What patient heroism and Bevere self-suppression it inspires! In a mother it is faith, and hope, and patienoe, and effort, and victory. In young hearts it is a transforming gladness, an awakening to the responsibility and the rapture of life. In manhood and womanhood it is the balm of . care, a refuge in temptation, and a source of serenity. I have been more and more convinced, the more I think of it, that in general pride is at the bottom of all great mistakes. All the other passions do occasional good; but whenever pride' puts in its word, every thing goes wrong; and what it might really be desirable to do quietly and in nocently, it . is morally dangerous to do proudly. A man may be a miser of his wealth; ha may tie up his talent in a napkin; he may hug himself in his reputation; but he is always generous. in his love. Love cannot' stay at home; a' man cannot keep it to himself. Like lightning,: it is constantly : travelling. A man must spend it, must give it away. . ? * -,Tha time lor reasoning is before we sp« proach near enough to the forbidded fruit to look and admire it. fch D H10HT. All sounds are hushed, save lor the fretful chirp Of some young bird, too crowded in its, nosfc; The very air is still, the tired leaves droop And each wild thing is stecpsd in perfcot rest. Afar, I see the tcwcrirg village spire Sharply d»;Soed agsinst the midnight sky. While, Rtartlingly, twelve solemn strokes, and slow, Proclaim the hour o£ dread and mystery. Am I, alas 1 the only waiting thing Goaded by thoughts too desperate for sleep ? Not even a ghost to keep me company, In this stern vigil I am forced to keep 1 We are alone, my soul, with our despair, And yoa may tell me all the truths yon will No sophistries of laughing, bustling day Can stand between us, now the world, is still. But wait-was I to blame ? When circum stance ' » ? ? Will hedge the best of men, till wild they grow, And, like a stream dammed up, o erspread the banks And woik destruction in their overflow I \- Oh I soul, why should you foolubly remain To suffer in this house cf narrow girth ? Note the wide spaces in the arching eky, And break the door that prisons you to earth I . Let us go forth, and leave remorse behind, With all the haunting, taunting shapes of sin; The world's low jibes, the clinging memories That drive us mad with their eternal din. What's that you say ? We cannot thus e3cape, Ksmorse has now become a part of ycu ? Is it immortal, then ? , Oh I soul, be kind, And tell me-tell me that this not true I The air grows chill-with dawn the rising wind Mutters and moans amid the startled trees; The spire points upward-but the stars have paled, And hope is fled-I Ghiver in the breeze I FANNIE E. NEWBERRY, -494 