Tile BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. ANNUAL SESSION. SECOND DAY. TUESDAY, NOV. 10. The proceedings commenced by devotional services held in the forenoon HE the schoolroom of the Collins street church The Rev S Chapman, chairman of the association, presided, and there were about 100 persons in attendance At 1 o'clock the ministers and delegates met at dinner in the Bourke street Coffee Palace, and afterwards short addresses were delivered by the Rev. S Chapman, the Rev. le T. Blackwell, and the Rev. J. S Harrison. A conference was held in the afternoon in the schoolroom or the Collins street church, at which about 120 persons were present. The Rev. S. Howard delivered an address on " Religion in the larml>,"unda discussion followed on the subject, in which the Revs A, W. Webb, W. C Bunkin?, E. Dash, and D. Badger, and Mr. H Meeks took part Another address on the " Utilisation of Lay Agency" was delivered by the Rev. W. J. Eddy, and the subject was discussed by the Revs. E. Harris G. Slade, W. Jones. G. W. Gillings, and other gentlemen Votes of thanks were passed to the Rev. Mr Howard and the Rev. Mr Eddy for their miners A public meeting was held in the evening in the Collins street church The Rev. S Chapman presided, and there was a good attendance. The OiiUBMW, in opening the proceedings, said that the meeting was held chiefly for business purposes, and he would not therefore trouble them with any remarks at the present stage, butwouldiiitroducetothemMr W. McLean, who had been to Great Britain, and represented the association at the meetings of the Baptist Union, which were held in May last. Mr V. M'LEAN then offered some remarks respecting the Baptist Union of England and Wales. He stated that of some 18 or 20 meetings held in London in connexion with the union he attended four There mission meeting in Bloomsbury Church, held in connexion with the union, was a great success, and there was a similar meeting at Exeter hall, which was even a still more pronounced success At the meeting held in Wall worth street Church he was called upon to speak Dr Green, and some other friends, who had been of great service to the church in Victoria, were present at that meeting, and as they had greatly assisted him some years ago in selecting the Rev. S. Chapman for the Collins street church, he was right glad to be able to tell them that everything which they had said of Mr. Chapman, before he agreed to come to the colony, was correct, and that he had borne out the very good report they gave of him The temperance meeting in connexion with the union was held in the Spurgeon Tabernacle, and he learned at it that 1,27!) of the Baptist ministers were total abstainers, or a majority of 270 of the whole number in the union. of the church officers, 2,000 were total abstainers, and so also were 200 students. He could have told the meeting in the tabernacle that there were even more total abstainers in proportion amongst the ministers of Victoria, as nearly all of them are total abstainers The Rev W C BU>\INO, who had been a delegate from the association to the jubilee meetings of the Baptists of New South Wales, next addressed the meeting. He said that although the Baptist denomination obtained a footing in New South Wales before it did in any other colony, the Baptists were weaker there than in any other colony excepting 'enemies While there were 39 churches, with 4,403 members in Victoria, there were only 'II churches in New South Wales, with 1,000 members Tasmania had churches, and 401 members, Queensland, 13 churches and 1,351 members, South Australia, 52 churches and 3,78 members, and New Zealand, 23 churches and 2 CSS members. There were, however, promised better success in New South Wales in future, and at one meeting at which he was present 12,80 was promised towards a jubilee fund for church extension and church consolidation purposes The Rev S Chapman then retired from the chairmanship of the union, and inducted the Rev. A. W. Webb as chairman for the coming year In retiring, Mr Chapman stated that during the nine years he had been in the colony he had been chairman of the association three times, and he was pleased to be able to state that there had been a good deal of progress in the denomination during those nine years. 'The great object of the association was to show that the separate ness and independence of their congrega- tional government was compatible with the firm and close union of their churches in brotherly love, and in the advancement of common interest and common work and he believed they had largely succeeded in that object. The Rev. A. W, WEBB, who was received with continued applause, stated that although this was his 25th year of labour in the ministry amongst the Baptists of Australasia, it was the second of his residence in Victoria, and he therefore appreciated all the more the honour the association had done him in so early inviting him to the only official post higher than that which he held in common with the other pastors of their churches. He then delivered an address on " The Possibility of Union amongst the Organised Forms of Christian Life -the Churches " Quite lately, he said, the Independents and Baptists of England, as being near of kin had been meeting for a hand shaking, and the expression of hopes of closer ecclesiastical relations, which eonieofthetrrespectivo leaders regarded as more than a possibility. 1 from time to time the Methodist bodies had made approaches towards each other, and the minor sects who accepted Wesley's theology engaged in most commendable conferences for encouraging their consciousness of unity from America they heard of a most ambitious project, a memorial to the general convention of the Episcopal Church originating with the clergy in favour of the re-union of Christendom. In Australia they found the same conservative denomination, lamenting the divisions amongst men, who presumably were animated by one supreme purpose to glorify Christ, and bless humanity. The ardour of one of its prelates could not satisfy itself with idle lamentations, but would fain take active steps towards the removal of the long standing reproach which rested upon our religion. Whilst the primate (Dr Barry)) could not see a present solution of the problem he evidently so sympathised with the sentiment, and deplored the miserable competitions of divers sects within the limited area of our smaller towns. 1 here was much which encouraged the hope of union amongst evangelical Christians The lines which once divided them into divergent and contending schools of theology had lost their sharpness Calvirliat and Armenian were terms but seldom used now. Again, when Christians were called together for the discussion of any theme of common interest, as for the uniting their energies in the defence of any imperilled truth, or the maintenance of any principle dear to all they became surprised at their oneness and wished it could be prolonged indefinitely With many the only idea they had of union was based upon compromise, and the extent to which some would carry the compromise was ridiculous They would include within the church all in whom the sentiment of re- verence sought expression in acts of outward worship Others, again, would, out of exist- ing materials, millie an amalgam or mosaic of faiths and ceremonies, and constitute that medley a basis of union Either of such in ventions might be worthy of the name of a religion, but it would not be the religion of Christ Forbearance there must be in an) religious union, and even mutual compromises might and ought to take place where mere personal preferences were concerned Another solution of the problem was suggested in the word "absorption," the losing of their identity, not in an i country composed of two or more bodies which had become home geneous by the rejection of things distasteful to each, and to be lawfully spared by both, but by the absorption of one of the bodies with all that was distinctive of it in another body That very one sided scheme was a favourite one in certain quarters, but with intelligent and independent men such a process was likely to find small favour The first and d minant principle fertile unifies tion of Christians, must be absolute and personal loyalty to the Lord Jesus Christ as being truly Divine. Any breakdown on that saint mast, so far as theirscct was concerned, a fatal to Christian men in an) form To identify tile imperial chums of Christ with a mere man who 1,900 years ago aired his ideas of God and human duty upon the narrow stage of a Judean life, and then died, was preposterous It was true that the sap ings of Christ were abstractly beautiful, and worthy of enshrinement amongst the best savings of the races, but if He were not the Living Head and Divine Lord of his church His authority could be no more binding than the interlocutors of Socrates or the moral aphorisms of Seneca. There could be no union without loyalty to the Lord Jesus , there could be no lo) ally save as it was regarded as true God, and the loyalty which He demanded was the lo) ally of a love which would make His will the supreme factor in forming truth and regulating life. It was at that point the early church found unification rite person of Christ was their rallying point. I lie second basis of unity) amongst the churches Iii), he conceived, in the principle that the Bible alone was to be the basis of the Christian belief It was in such unity of thought as would spring from acknowledging one infallible source that the church would become united If it were asked where that source was the reply would be "The Bible and the Bible alone. " Deference to the teaching of the Bible meant breaking with the teaching of historical Christianity) and it was his conviction that it was historical Christain) embodied in a larger or lesser degree in all the sects-as contrasted with Biblical Christianity tant wits 1 keeping Christians apart. Whether it were a historical Christianity ancient as the ante Vicente period or one finding its initiative in the accidents of the last hundred years historical Christianity) was charged able with the perpetuation of the sects. It was full of precedents having no basis in Scripture or reason, and full of prejudices, inherited from a forgotten past Its best reasons were oftentimes the customs of our fathers customs which had lost any meaning they might have had, and which especially in new hands, were an unmitigated bane they must be willing to get, back, to the old moorings if they were to draw nearer together But it might be objected that, making the Bible the source of religious thought meant a belief unquestioningly of nil it contains, and it certainly did When the faithful and true witness had spoken there was on end of dispute The rating of His teaching had its bounds, but within those bounds it was in fallible though formulated under the necessary limitations of human thought and conveyed by the imperfect vehicle which even the most perfect language had afforded, the facts of revelation were absolute truth Where Christ had spoken, they knew and yet old speak with dogmatic certainty , where He had not spoken, it was legitimate to press their researches into every avenue of knowledge physical and philosophical In contradistinction to the varied developments of historic Christianity and the uncer- fitted lucubrations of rationalism, the church must present the Word of God as the basis of a united church A third principle essential to a restored unity was implicit obedience to the will of Christ in those matters upon which he had legislated A church could no more adhere upon a basis of theories than could a state How far taste and preference could be legitimately exercised in matters of worship aright be very quickly disposed of it was just as far as God had left it to them to exercise their taste, and no further He did not desire just then to regard it as a foregone conclusion that the Baptist mode of initiation into the Christian covenant was the right one but he must ask that Christ s will alone should determine what was right If Christ had spoken, baptism as to its mode and subjects, was taken out of the category of things pre scramble to be placed an >ngst things oblige too-things essential not to salvation but to complete obedience Christians must be Christians every where for the Master s law readied all the reticulation of life, social, commercial, and political There could be no real unity in church life when the outside conduct of men professedly Christian was notoriously unchristian The church that would embrace all Christians must exclude tile unequivocally unchristian Were the church at large more serious for the honour of Christ, as that was implicated in the conduct of His representatives, there would be less of those wretched frescoes in the cure mercial world, less failures m those virtues which the world has in so slender a measure, but which it rightfully expected to be the possession of Christ a followers Possibly the most potent factor in promoting unification of the church was correct action to the good of that humanity) on whose behoof the Lord lived and died That motive had already suffered more than any thing else to bring together the separated hosts of Christs militant church Let any church that had been the scene of disorder and division give itself up with Christlike philanthrophy to definite work for the good of man, and harmony would soon supervene The work which Christ was calling his followers to was great. Men were perishing for want of the gospel the only panacea for a thousand evils The characteristic feature of this century had been experimenting by secular methods for the elevation the improvement of man kind, and the experiments had failed with an ingenuousness which did it immense credit, The Argus last week made the following admissions as to their total failure -" Education, universal suffrage, the growth of commercial relations, cheap and rapid communication, and the interchange of opinions between European peoples, leave all the old enmities jen houses and heartburnings as bitter as ever there was but one alleviation to the in v elevate evil so protest in its shapes. X hat was the divine love manifesting itself through the st If sacrifice and toil of the church of Christ. Whilst the church was divided, and contending oftentimes with unholy Jealousy over matters non essential because only human there lay beneath and around them a seething quagmire of sin-the quagmire of erection Property, intern perance, infidelity, anarchy and lawlessness -the quagmire of it world without Christ, The power which was needful for unity over and above all readjustments of doctrine and pledging of themselves to obedience and service was the fulness of the Holy Ghost He (Mr Webb) believed that their own church, so (free in all matters left indeterminate and so disposed to yield to Christ in matters of His will, presented a platform for union certainly as favourable as any existing community of Christians At all events they would not have far to move when the church at large advanced towards union It was only in a large spiritual blessing, intensifying love and inflaming zeal, that the conditions he had suggested as fundament U to union would be possible. Without Christ said union would at best be transient and formal He did not flatter himself that an) poor words of Ins would contribute much to the wished for consummation and the truth was that until their father are, together unto Him he did not expect it. He questioned whether ever the primate and the moderator of the assembly would 1 even hold parley with the chairman of the Baptist Association as to the terms of a united church But he imagined that if ever their church were asked, it would be found that he had indicated in the main the lines upon which union was possible to them. (Applause ) The meeting concluded with the benediction pronounced by the chairman. 