i Terror of Haunted Locomotives. LOCOMOTIVE engineers are almost, if not alto gether, as superstitions in regard to haunted locomotives as sailors are in regard to haunted Bhipa, says the Tribune. About ten years ago the engine Matt Morgan blew up while stand ing on the track of the Shore Line road near the station in Providence, R. I., killing the engineer. The engine was subsequently ro bailt and put on the road. On the first trip that she made after being rebuilt she went tearing into Providence in the night witli tho train swinging behind, and the sleeping town echoing to tho shrill whistle. On approach ing the station the engineer leaned forward to shut off steam, but to his horror a ghostly form appeared at his side, and a ghostly hand grasped his wrist and held him fast. When the station was reached the ghost dis appeared, and the engineer stopped the train some distance beyond. At least, this is what. the engineer tells. Many people have not forgotten the terrible Bichmond switch disaster, several years ago, on the Providence and Stoniugton road. A little brook became swollen by the rain, and carried away a rail-road bridge. The train came rushing along that night, and was hurled in the ohasm. Giles, the engineer, ?when he saw the danger ahead, instead of leaping from the engine as the fireman did, grasped the lever and reversed the engine. But it was too late. The train was going afci such a speed that the locomotive leaped clear across the stream, and they found Gile3 lying under his overturned engine, with the lever driven through his body and one hand clutch ing the throttle-valve with the grasp of death.' Giles, when he came into Providence, was ao oustomed to give two peculiar whistles as a signal to his wife, who lived near the railroad where it enters the suburbs of the city, that he was all right, and would soon be home. The absence of those whistles was the first in timation which was received at Providenoa of the disaster. When the engina which made that terrible leap on that stormy night was rebuilt and put on the road again, there was at first great trouble in getting engineers for it, with suoh superstitious horror was it regarded. To-day there are peop'e ready to swear that they have heard whistles, such as Giles used to blow as signals to his wife, sound through the suburbs of Providence, when no train was coming np the road. TRULY there is something in tho nnruffled calm of nature that overawes our little an xieties and doubts; the sight of the deep blue Bky and the clustering starB above seem to im* part a quiet to the mindt 