SERMON ON INTEMPERANCE The Rev. Father Cummings, S.M., of Sydney, preached a sermon on "Intemperance" in St. Patrick's Church West terrace, on Wednesday evening. There was a very large attendance, many being unable to obtain admittance;. Before tbe sermon was delivered the ordinary service was conducted, his Lord ship Bishop Reynolds being present and taking part. The preacher took as his text, Proverbs xxiiL, 29, " Look not upon the wine when it is yellow, when the color thereof shineth in the glass; itgoeth insweetly, but in the end it biteth like a snake, and it sej-creteth poison bke a basilisk." Man was made in the image and likeness of God. They had learned that at their mother's knee*, and it was likewise the teaching of the Holy Ghost. *' Know ye not," said the apostle, " that our bodies are living temples of the Holy Ghost?" Man was created in tbe image of God, and that relation ship he was bound to revere and love. Man was also made as a companion to his fellow man, and that relationship likewise he must maintain and respect. He was made to be his own associate, and consequently must recog nise this, and strive to live as he should do. Therefore there was between God, a man. and his neighbor a triple relationship, or alliance. Man was gifted with freedom to act. There was abroad today a demon, whose boast it was that he had discovered the secret fur dragging out of man's very nature this triple cord. He boasted tbat he could not only disfigure, but tbat he could actually obliterate in man this image of God, and bring him down to tbe state of the brute beast that i-erisbetli. The name of this demon was drunkenness. If once a man had been conquered by this demon he no longer bore about bim the image and likeness of his Maker. This was the eajing of the Fathers of tbe Church of the Saints of God. St. Augustine said "drunkenness is the origin and source of every vice;" St. Basil called it the instigator of every crime; and St. Jerome said it was the cause of every fool crime that unmans a man. See the drunkard as he reels forth into the street; where was his humanity? He could not conceive a single idea, or give it expression; his only words were senseless babblings, or meaningless blasphemy. Could any love find "entrance into a heart thus saturated with everything that is had ? Nothing could come to a heart of this kind, unless it be that mockery of love, the horrible vice of impurity. Where . was the freedom of the drunkard? He cannot stand, move, or guide himself. He is weaker than the Uttie infant. Such a man was not a man, but a monster in creation, who has cast aside the robe of his humanity. He has gone lower than the beast of .the field, who knows his master and his place, while the drunkard can neither eee nor feed. Did the drunkard love his God, by whom he was created? No; it was impossible for him to know, loves, or serve God. He had cast God aside and wor shipped foul idols, or in the words of St. Paul "he has made his belly his god." On Saturday night when he should be the joy and centre of bis little family be is grovelling in the bar, only to reel home intoxicated later on. On the net day he rises unfit to prosecute the duties of the Sabbath. Does be love his father and mother? No, it was impossible; nor could he love his family, or he would never raise his unnatural band to strike liis wife, or eee his little children wanting for food. All the precepts of the decalogue were broken by him. Such was the unfortunate man who allows himself to be drawn away by the terrible sin of drunkenness. The archfiend had drawn out of the very fibres of his nature the know ledge which God gave him to guide him in his duties. Two years ago a priest on the London mission was called out to visit a littie girl dying of consumption. He found her in a little cottage, and when the door was opened he was almost stilled by the poisoned at—lo- Bphere which he felt. He heard the low wail ing of a child, mingled with the moans of a woman. In a furnitureless room on a pallet of straw was a Uttie girl once fair and beau tiful; st_f erring had come npon her and ravaged her form. Close by on a heap of rags eat a poor woman with a child at her breast, leautiiig her head against the cold, bare wall. Near by were two little boys with tiieir feet in the i grate seeking to draw some warmth from the dying -embers. Looking down the room, on a kind of ladder like a staircase, lay the form of a drunken man. He had sworn at God's altar to protect bis wife, and bring up his e-hildren to know and love Him. How horrible was a vice which steels the hearts of father and mother against the children of their own bosoms I Dnmkenness destroyed the -re lationship that should exist between man and his neighbor; even bis relationship to tiimr—lf T He had drawn himself to the lowest depths of degradation, with eveiy part of his body diseased. Neither his head 'nor heart would function, for nothing tended more to destroy even a man's physical health than drunkenness. On tbe effects of drunkenness he could quote no higher testimony than th-— of the Irish bishop. Some years ago a synod was held at Maynooth, and tiiere tiiey said, at least in substance—"There are other dangers against which we most lift our warning voices. It is with weeping that we see that the bestial and abominable vice of (drunkenness is working dreadful havoc among our people, and instead of all tiieir rare natural and supernatural virtues is changing many of the**— into enemies of Christ, whose end is destruction, and whose god is their belly, and whose glory is their shame. Is it not an intolerable scandal that amongst people like ourselves there should be found so many who become habitual slaves of dmnkenness, and who not only sacrifice to it their reason, but their Christianity and the honor of their children, their sub stance, health, body and serai—God himself ?** Such were the expressions of the bishops of Maymooth. Again the judges of the land agree with the fat—era of the church that drunkenness is the origin and source of every crime, and that the pages of tiie judicial calendar are smeared over with the outcome of intemperance. A judge said to a jury some time ago—"Gentlemen, if there were no drunkenness there would be nothing for you or me to do." In 1880 Mr. Gladstone eaid before Parliament that drunkenness produced, on account of its continuity, more terrible -affects than war, famine, and pestilence combine- Satan used drunkenness to wreck fa.--nilia.Cj to fill the hospitals, gaols, and lunatic asylums, and to send down to a diehonoi-ed grave thousands of victims of this sin. It had made more victims than eviction or famine, and had broken more hearts and torn asunder more family ties than was ever done by enforced exile. It was the cause of angers, con tentions, _ and murders, and of nearly every crime we hear of. The drunkard's mouth was compared to the sluice-gate of some hideous drain; and this vice to a finger post leading to hell, madness, and death, to bad company, to forgery, sickness, delirium tremens, and the most horrible exits from life. It strove to destroy in our souls every image of onr Maker and God. According to the sta tistics of last year he found that in the United Kingdom there was a direct expenditure of £150,000,000 on drink—£6o,ooo,ooo more tban tbe revenue, and one-sixth of the national debt. And this huge riven: of gold was wasted, and for what? And beside this, there must be reckoned all the money spent in keeping up poorhouses, lunatic asylums, gaols, and the police, ae far as they were necessitated by drink. Ten times better would it have been if this money bad been pitched into the sea. A Chinese tradition said that 4,000 years ago an emperor obliged his people for a certain time to abstain from intoxicants, and that in consequence God rained down from heaven for three dayee-howere of gold. The statistics of in surance societies told ns that longevity was wonderfully increased by abstention from drink. H he did not drink man would be more healthy, as well as free from the temptation to fall. Then the temperate man had a steady hand and eye, and was honored and respected by his employer, while the drunkard was always out of work. How many a sober man had made his way in these colonies*, while reckless young men had come to wreck and finished their careers in the poorhouse. The laurels of genius had been scorched by this vice. To-day we found the sacredness of the family spirit dying out; and why? Because the father forgot his duty to the family circle, aud sought his pie—sure elsewhere, where it was frequently nnholy. Then what became of the chddren? The beer-jug and tbe spirit bottle told a sad tale, and what was sadder than to see Uttie children going into the very presence of the demon; their motber, perhaps, bringing them np to a wicked and unholy life ? Whole nations ot men do without drink, and are better with out it. Twenty thousand men entered Eng land's prisons last year, and statistics say they are tbe healthier and better for no drink. The greatestphysical feats were done without drink. The Holy Catholic Church herself was at tacked by this vice, for it] was to be found in too many of her children. The death of the diunkaid was a terrible subject on which to reflect He believed 00 out of 100 drunkards brought death upon themselves by this vice. In dying the mind of such a man was filled witb anguish and terror, and if he was a Catholic he had reason to feel so. The priest might strive to infuse into his heart some ho) ies for the future, bnt the man was stupe fied, feeling his life bad been a foul record of ciimes and given up to the demon. The last tremor passed through the body, and theloul that had been sunk down lower than the animal stood before the King of Terrors to receive its judgment. It was not their pro vince to jndge; bnt one thing could be said tbat if the man died in drunkenness not all the bishops in Christendom could give him absolu tion, for he —i not a man at the time, and I absolution could only be granted to a man. As St. Paul said —"Be not deceived, for the adulterer, nor the fornicator, nor the drunkard shall ever enter tiie Kingdom of Heaven." To-day nothing waa done without associa tion, and many societies of to-day were, he -regretted to say, doing fearful havoc among the people. They had gathered at the com mand of their bishop that night to swell tite ranks of tfae Total Abe—nenoe Society, and he hoped everyone p?t_unt wonld come forward to teke the pledge. Some might aay they knew where to stop in ?^"?"?**?t liquor, but he would ask where the drtmkards came from; waa it not from those who are moderate drir—-_—.*, For tbe sake of prevention, he thought ti—S those men who are moderate drinkers might well take upon themselves the sweet yoke ot the Temperance Association. Any man who cannot moderate himself in drink —_, bound to take the pledge in conscience. 16 was an egregious mistake for moderates drinkers to think that they lowered themselves by taking the pledge ; he thought all the argument was rather the other way. If they were as pious as St. John tfae Baptist they would only increase their worth by takin-**; upon themselves the cross of self-denials. Let tbeml listen to the voices of their wives, and children, and their pastors, and let them coma and give themselves irrevocably to God in thia holy cause. It was necessary above all things to take the pledge nnt—l death; tfaere must bet no surrender to the enemy; tbere must also ba monthly confession and monthly communion. He concluded with an -eloquent exhortation to all present to come up and sign the pledget, and at the —ose of the ?tnoetf-.g a number oi signatures were obtain-—, 