DEPRESSION AND THE LAND QUESTION. TBt R. Caldwell, M.P.I Judging by reports coming to hand from the other colonies and elsewhere that condition of social affairs to which the name of "depression" has been given is almost universal. In different localities the aspect of the conditions may vary, but the nature is substantially the same ;. the results also are very similar. The working main-is the true barometer of society, and by his-position the state of affairs may be correctly estimated. When prosperity' is geiieral no complaint is made; but wheil "adverse-circumstances arise we are soon made aware of their ' existence by his attitude. The position of the working man has ' changed' a little since the day when Burns ' thus directed attention to him in one of his poems See yonder poor tferlabored wight; So abject, mean, and vile, , Who begs a brother ol the earth To give him room to toil. The "o'erlabored wight" of the last century is not quite "so abject, mean," and vile" as he has been, and though sometimes out of employment he is not now in the habit of begging " a brother of the earth to give him room to "toil." His intellect has been quickened, and where he was once disposed to beg he is now inclined to demand; The London riots of last week in a small way let us see " in one wild hour how triuch the wretched dare." We have had 'illustrations"of the presence of a similar disposition nearer home. It is just possible that the '' stern and stalwart ghost" which the poet of Scotland in his " Visioin" saw arising has appeared again. Bat however that may be, no thoughtful man can afford to despise the movement now being made by organisations of working men, especially when it is considered that these move ments are the necessities of certain condi tions. In our own colony it cannot be said that "the demands of" the working classfefc are very Unreasonable. Many of them -were' induced ' to leave the :mother country through the 'colored! represents-1 tions of immigration-lecttuers in- receipt; of Government pay; and-it must? be! ad-* mitted that it wasan easy matter • at' one' time' to get people persuaded to cometout here (and of course when they' did t come their expectations-were' scarcely realised);' Is ibnot a fact that many were even1 coaxed' to come- to • South' Australia at the- in stance of a too-ambitious" =Govenimeiit?: Words need not be wasted tin -proving: that- such wa3 actually the case; But let every man bear his own burden.- Certain' classes of laborers were in request, and those who represented themselves to be' other than they were in order to secure a free passage to the colony "deserve to put up with the: consequences; Of such indi viduals we ha^e reason to' believe that there are not a few now amongst' the'un employed. • If, on the other-hand, honest men and- women have been,Jdeluded, they have just cause to' seek redress from those who were instrumental in! bausiiig tbSm!to come out to a place where their services' were' not required. - But-- here they Sre/: and here we find them helping -to1 indi-; cate a depression. As might have been expected/ tradespeople and those directly associated with them are the first to com plain. A certain' American has said Choppei-s abd fiabera and'ploughmen Snail constitute the1 State;'' We in South Australia have 'attempted to constitute the State with the representa-' fives of other classes, - such as agents, jnasons, financiers, or professional men; but so far- the attempt has not been a jm'ccCsr. i An authority on Social economy-gives the following symptoms as pre'moiiitory of all depfessions "or commfetoiar crises Y—-1. Great "prosperity. 2. Enterprises and' speculations' of all descriptibfis.' .3. A rise in the price of land and houses. 4. A more active demand for "labor and-a rise in wages. 5. A fall of interest/ 6. A credulous public; and 7. A taste for commercial ' gambling; How" these symptoms ; agree? with some of the Stages -' which the affairs of this colony have passed through those who have- been noting 'the progress of events will surely.be able to say. No more serious task awaits the legislation of the1 presfexit day than the removal "of the deptPs'Si'on which is beginning to be felt all over the world, and which is' first' indicated by the-" unemployed difficulty;" A few years ago our position as colonists was very different from what we now find it to -be, . We were-inr a sense 'isolated-; the value -of our products- was. rege lated according to r local: • supply • and - demand. It was • surprising ' to see how "values then-fluctuated,- A 'few years farther along the line of our experience a good-harvest and shearing were considered to be the«panacea for all the troubles-thecolony couldsuffer.- -Thoser times have gone, and -thoughr- much-still may be expected from the return'of pros-' perous seasons,- thesedesiderata alone can-' not now ensure-success^ or give such an impetus as could be desired to our flagging progress. We are no longer isolated,-but have bebome part aridpareebof the-great world of industry and' commerce. In order to estimate our true position now, the position of the whole world must be considered,- for telegraph wires, swift steamboats/ and railway lines have united every" country" and every. inte rest. At the same time the law-which regulates individual "and social influence • has not ceased to operate. A blackfellow may cut1 the telegraph wires or put a stop to the progress of the most powerful loco motive, and the adoption of a wrong policy of government may prove disas trous to any colony no matter how good its resources are. The time has scarcely arrived which requires us to consider and adapt out little system of political economy to the systems or fragments of systems in operation in far distant lands, but we are in a position ana the time has come when the effects of earlier legislation on colonists and the colony should he ascertained. We may thus discover some of the causes of the depression, and learn whether relief is possible or not. Fortunately we do not require to travel far back in order to get to the beginning of colonisation.. The early, settlers found material of a certain description to operate upon ; soil on the whole over a considerable area very fair; but the rainfall was very uncertain, as was truly indicated by the natural products (or the want of natural products) — those long stretches of dry scrubs instead of forests ; the stunted shrubbery on the hillsides; and the large extent of treeless country, the dreariness of which was only broken by the weird vision-objects of mirage. Such it must be admitted were the peculiarities of by far the larger portions of the surface wliich those had to deal with who came here to lay down the foundations of a colony. From a safe distance, wisdom m the words-of an old paraphrase may have sung With joy I saw the abode' prepared Which mail was doomed to fill. But eternal wisdom could scarcely have been joyful when she saw the "doomed" ones attempting to occupy abodes only in course 'of prepara tion. On such , a surface'the establish meht of a large population was next to impossible—that is, • judging from what • appeared above the surface-. By the Burra, however/ and some of the mining towns on Yorke's Peninsula we are reminded that apparent short comings on the surface may ■■ be fully • made up by underground resource, and it renftins yet to be seen to what extent our rock treaSUt'cfr will1 help us in attempting to establish.a denser Aect^tynent of human beings.' It will not be long before a limit is reached/if wheat and wool And Ctjpper are'to'be considered our only products, as they have been considered in the past. Colonial progress and conditions must be estimated by the working out of these three sources' of production. Their con-' dition at thd present time is most eer-" tainly indicative of the condition of the society which has derived a sub Bistence from them. With fhesa three interests depressed it would ba a matter exciting much surprise if the condition of the colony were other than it is at the present time. But the depres sion lias been aggravated. If in the market of the world (where we have been forced to trade) wool is only Is. per pound, wheat 4s. 6d. per bushel, and copper £43 a ton, unless we can put ourselves^ in a position to supply these commodities ah the prices ruling we had better leave their production to others, or make up our-mindis'to " hang on" until something turns up. There is a third alternative which has been followed already to no inconsiderable extent—attempt to do as the fishes do —live on one another. But the latter resort is not a commendable one; it can only tend to aggravate still further the depression which it has' had much to do in bringing about. Trouble does not always spring from: the dust, but a larger amount of the trouble of the day is attributable to the land- Bystem which has been adopted by us than many are aware of. Look at the condition of our pastoral lessees and agriculturists. A few of the former who - have been fortunate enough to secure large blocks of inside country appear to be fairly contented. But the case is very different with those who have holdings' outside.' - Their position is bo unenviable that the Treasurer of the colony- was heard to say on a memorable occasion ' "nothing would induce him -to- in-' vest a pound on • South Australian lease holds under the present system of tenure." This- admission coming from1 one of the Ministry "has meaning in it- if not mirth." Our farmers also are far from being -the most contented people under heaven. And - little- wonder. When introducing the Grown Lands" Amendment Bill of last ses- - sion, in a speech intended to inspire hope, the Commissioner made certain statements worthy of being reconsidered. Here is one which will help to account for. the - unsettled disposition of our agricultural population—" Notwithstanding all the - concessions made to the selectors it would jbe gratifying to know that the average price received -for the land was quite equal' to that realised in the other colonies. The simple fact was that we had' always : estimated our lands at too high a figure. In Victoria the maximum price waS> pound an acre, and the follow ing table would show that our selectors had paid Jas' much- for the land as had - been received in - any other colony." (Here' followed a table proving that our land sales had reached an average -of a trifle over £1 4s. 2d. per acre.) After dealing with some 'figures show ing large indebtedness on • the - part of selectors on- account- of - land : soldi the' Commissioner continued—"Here we - had an outstanding credit for landr from M gelectors of £3,75<h <X% which could be paid-in -ten-years. - It was something'to fall :backiiponV and he believed the State jsvould receive every shilling of this pibney^&ffddibm-memb;^ see that our position.was* not so bad as-many had- : made- out.'-' . Itis indeed a "simpleiact" that we have been always estimating our lands - at- too-, high a; figure,1 yet it is surely- far > from grafeifying to know that; the-average-priSe^-paid by our farmers is higher:— " notwithstanding the conces sions," mark—than''th'e- amount realised in" the•' othe'r; - colonies, where there - is - a better average rainfall and the wheat yield is half- as much ■ again as it is here; No wonder our farmers are discontented and'r find -their way across the,border from-time to timeL If the maximum price- had been even the samAas it is 'in Victoria the circumstances" of the South" Australian' farmer would have been very different, and then he would scarcely have been on a footing With his • competitor over the border. The consideration of these facts,- as stated ' byi;the>' Treasurer and Commissioner, proves conclusively that some of our most important industries have been and are gtill-heavily handicapped. It would be 1 comforting to learn that some steps were being taken to remove .the disabilities under which our people have been labor xng, • and the disabilities - never /will be removed - until • that bad auction', ; system,- from' which -we' have1 suffered -so: -] much, -has been abolished', and people gdb' their Iandrkt a fair JlaiM ndt at 'a' fictitious value. • The land system - adopted in the settlement "of Canad'a" and some of the" stdtes of North" America is calculated to - have a more-satisfactory result- than the L discontent and depression-producing'1 system adopted'herei A laudablei!attempfr, at the ' instigation' of 'the-'Hoff. G. W. Cotton,'is about to be made" to provide small holdings for the -working , man'. But the : working'- ' man will have to go into the auction—' room,'where it is more than lUtely he will be forced to "give two' shillings, half-a-r crown, and'thtee shillings an acre, for'.]' land which - has been, valued by . the Government at half these- amounts. Verily earth troubles are in store for the working man also! It musk be allowed - - that - our- • land system - has- a depressing - tendency'; nor is the ■ depression confined to the selector or pastoral lessee; every department of business suffers, and the Govern ment of the colony most of all. How about the outstanding credit of 3f millions, which could be paid in ten years i It is certainly something to fall back ; upon, and it msiy -be that the "State will1 get "every shilling of the money;" bufc after all is it not better to keep people-, working hopefully on the land than see them weighted down so heavily that the first unfavorable season makes them de spondent and-begin' clamoring for con cessions or assistance, compelling the ' farmer to lean on' the storekeeper, the storekeeper on the wholesale merchant, and the wholesale merchant on. the capi talist— resulting in all round embar rassment, including even the unsuspecting members of the Civil Service. The' endeavor of our"■Government, hitherto" has been to extort the very last, possible mite either in hard cash or pro missory. note (which agreement^ to pur chase means) before an individual is allowed to obtain occupation of a piece of - land. The1 deferred1'payment system"' having, at first sight, an easy appearance, people are tempted to enter into obliga tions which they do not realise the importance' of. We have thus sue-; ceeded in alienating a large extent' of territory, but whether to the advantage of all concerned or not we will scarcely ber able to determine until paydayhas fully" come. To get rid of goods is one thing f to get in the money another, as the buff ness ■ very -well -knows.' But the' deferred payment-system as- applied to land need not be made objectionable. If ; selectors receive fair value for their money or credit no one should have cause to complain; Indirectly it would be far better for the colony to give settlers aye, and squatters also—a reasonable ex-' tent of- land for nothing, and see them: put it to a good use by making better pro vision for the storage of water, by adopt ing a better system of cultivation.and by the erection of a better class of dwellings; - for themselves and their workmen, than: continue to do as we have been doing, let- • them have-it under' such-terms and condi tions as tend to muddle them- and' every body ' connected" with them.- The idea-■ should'he not so much to get people to- ' take up land as to gekpeople fco establish: 1 themselves upon it. Permanent advantage can only result from the adoption of the-" latter idea. " _ The Commissioner'has truly said our-] position is not quite so hopeless as many. have made out." At the same time!' unless a better system isadopted.'like Neai'-s dove he will find no reStafcg-t>laea '*" for the^de bf his foot."" Trofible ^iU &ifi-; l■ tinue:to foUb^ifo^ and if: the 'ghoul; - depression is removed now- it wia-surefy return in a.forni more difficult to be desit:; with,* • 