,%St for Gold. lLV . - - - (Blfll stor7 ef To"da7' i'CEB XIII.— (Continued.) -Sworn to no Mall,onourfd' air>' sTv'd F,die :.then and to what may I owe this extraor- Ace ? Will you be proud enough to Tirrco n 4 tt jrt oE visit— briefly— as Mr. Skin- U-tjaDA Y, uch occupied.' . — — — rt ? Why what does cne come to a THE N kaT0 go!: 8 ot raon0y wont to r . red ; but wai as much on his guard as -t HE leading me<iore and more pozzled. now had time to :<d winked at him with simple cunning, digest the new tar:ne» undid his shirt, and began to cut the dose is not 'a!hioh bo?nd fce 0&9\to hi8,flancl\ . c j :irnor whfielsa round, on his stool to ave professed th Emd Mr/ Kffrdie inepected tbe un- VALOREM duties aijjime with demure curiosity, but they have dort removed the oilokia cover, and showed country is sick a"kk, brought it down with n triumphant doctored her fre1® hollow of hi# hand, and, in the pride c »fc, the icy of his bosom, aod the fever of componnds force_/or ih\/e were tw0 r.d apofcs on his chesk out the evil wiie — told the cold pair Its odventurrs in a brium. So, in ing words ; the Calcutta firm, — the two again, openly rtho hurricane, — the wreck,— the land which they allea!30 had saved If from. And litre, It ig in pood nnri rev.?ema11" But I won't carry in on me any ' , c ,, ; is unlucky : so you must be so good eg to tion,. to be follov.g0 0f for m0( ejry former view of twell, Captain Dodd. Tou wish it placed predominate. Oodd's account, I suppose.' further to do tc30 ' f have nothing to do with that : this are naturally arn and mt\ - , . . j . J , ,;ee it is a good lump, nr. tected against ttadeed j > 6sdd Hardie, a little sneeringly. , fond of underv; j'„ a thundering. lot o' money. But I sup position has beis not much to a rioh banker like you.' importers that f lpwercd his voice, and said with a certain clarations shalis-fffcfen- fchoua,d-POBnd,' inVtiAn " k / -irtcen thousand pounds! '. cried iiardie. cuon De tudden and oonsumate csolneas, ' Why lhe specincjij an established bank like this dsaU with against by w considerable deposits that. 8kinner, why a member jou 6Te captain a chair ? ' . points out fo, no!' said Dodd. 'I'll heave to till I get litrit. inmmr11® my mind ; but 1 won't anchor anywhere but iiiue apparer)mg , JJ0 sn 0peD6d the. pocket-book and Governmeutjd the contests out before Mr. Hardie, who ran back. It is -be notes and bills, and said the amount was intercolonial bO 12s. 6d» of the import asked fo r4csiPfc; , . .hy, it is not usual, when there is an account. <-il k 7i c dd's countenance fell t 1 Oh, I should not like the bulk, if Xlfi; with if, tinlflSi T had n. rfinaint; ' of the leadir.oa mistaksme/ oaid Hardie, with a smile. 1 An the city hav in your Banker's book is a receipt. However, sals of Sir ptap-haveitin another form.' He then unlocked a unriniK look out a banker's receipt, and told Skinner , . n . . ll it in. This done, ho seemed to be abn orbed in given, importBnt matter. mercial matinner counted t-he notes and left them with Mr. opinions amdie : the bills he took to bis desk to note them city in reward® the receipt. Whilst he was writing virourMdi with' his usual slowness and -precision, poor 1 ,.d's heart overflowed : 'It is my children's for- unanimousl y0 fl0e . j don't look on a sixpence of it as free-traders, 'a : that it is what mad me so particular. It be- ciple, and tl»a to my little Julia, blsss her! — she is a rosebud VALOREM dlfer the: a was one ; and ob, such a heart ; and so — rirnrrV» t/-, of her pour father ; but not fonder than he is , mer — and to my dear boy Edward ; he is the ing any ne0gteafc y0UDg chap 'you ever saw : what he says, posed incoja may swear to, with your eyes shut 5 but how 5d in the Juld they miss either good looks or good hearts ; — .. -ndher children P the best wife and the bett mother: Tn England I She has b: en a true consort to me THE this many & y ear, and I to her, in deep water and shoal, let the wind blow high or low. Here is a It 23 Simple Simon vaunting bis own flesh acd blood! r No wonder that little gentleman there is grinning OUS lact a. me . gTja jad 1 p6rhsp3 you haven't largest c got any children. But you have, sir : and you know the elde.how it is with us fathers ; our hearts are so full of South YV'the little darlings, out it mutt come. Tou can- slowlv t' understand how joyful I ftel at caving their fortune? Til from land th&rks; and sea sharks, and ; Ian ding it safe, very 1 t in an honest man's hands, like you and your father explorati b0fore y0u.' portant . Skinner handed him the receipt, and fine\ He cast his eye over it-. 'All right, little gentle- to give itmsn- Now my heart is relieved of such a weight : I? of a Davafeel to aTe iuat cleared out a cargo of bricks. Good j - shake hands ! Iwiehyou wsre ss happy as I f jtn. I wish all' the world was happy. God bless, the last fijyou ! God blets you both ! ' Kimberld And with this burst he was out of the room, and justifiy jmaking ardently for Albion Villa. be on' The Banker and his clerk turned round on their , - '(seats and eyed one another a long time in silence, workings andama3Sent- treme a Was this thing a dream ? their faces reemed to: have da esk. tablishiy Then Mr. Hsrdie rested bis senatorial head on his only to ? hand, end pondered deeply. 8kinner too reflected A on this strange freak of Fortune : and the result P. . . \ - wpb that he burst in on his priDoipal's reverie with districts a joyful shout: 'The Back is saved! Hardie'a will yet. good for another hundred years.' lian rot The Banker started, for Skinner's voice sounded' rush t<.- hce a pistol shot in bis ear, so high strung was he with thought. . ' Hush I hueh ! ' he said : and pondored again in countr? silence. quest At last he turned to Skinner. 'You think our distant course is plain P . I tell you it is so dark and compli- versed catsd it would pcszle Solomon to know what is best enuii to be done.' 1 ,l<j ' Save the Bank, sir ! whatever you do.' Tnap 'How can I save the Bank with a few the bs thousand pounds, which I must refund when called attrav on ? You look keenly into what is under your eye, Ord'. Skinner; but you cannot see a yard beyond your bride nose. Let me think.' -rr- J3 Alter a while he took a sheet of paper, and jotted 1 down ' the materials, ' as he called them, and read and,! them out to his accomplice : cent '1. A bank too far gon® to be redeemed. If I ' hay< throw this money into it, I shall ruin Captain Dodd ; .of f and do myself no good, but only my creditors, j - .'2. Miis Julia Dodd, virtual proprietor of this . £14,000 ; or of tho greater part, if I choose. The ln child tbat marries first usually jockeys the other, sur! '3. Alfred Hardie, my sou, and my cieciilorj eat deep in love with No. i, and at present somewhat she alienated from n?e by my thwarting a silly love „__7 affair; which bids fair to improve into a sound negotiation, 3 7( '4. The £14,000 paid to me personally after <hf banking hours, and not entered oa the hanking ve books, nor known but to you and me. ;cc ' Now suppose I treat this advance a? \ personal /j trust? The bank breaks: the money. disappears. : Consternation of the Dodds, who, until enlightened by the public settlemont, wiu cnias in nas gone into £> tke well. 'In that interval I la'k Alfred over: and "promise to produce the £14,000 intact, with my l:|g: ; paternal blessing on him and Mies Dodd ; provided |.f;- he wili release me from any debt to him, and give |f : me a life interest in half the money settlod on him ifri by my wife's father to my most unjosfc and insolent exclusion. Their. passion will soon bring the 0 young people to reason: and then they will soon X'. ' melt the old fltees.' _ _ . ... j v|.,. Skinner - was struok witn this masterly htt.e 1; ' sketoh. But he deteoted one fatal flaw: 'Yoa | I don't say what is to become of me.' ' Oh, I haven.t thought of that yet. I « But do think of it, sir ! that I may have the | t pleasure of co-operating. It would never do for i -j;.- you and me to be pulling two ways, you know. : f , 'I will not forget you,' said Hardi9,. wincing i ' under the chain this little wretch held him with, : ! Bnd had jerked him by way of reminder. _ 1 ' But surely, Skinner, you agrae with me it would | be a sin and a shaine to. rob this honest captain of ;f big money — for my creditors : curse them . Ab, you are not a father. How quickly he foand that I . out! Well, I am: and he touched me to the quick I lore my littlo Jane as dBarly as he loves own -m bit t and I feel for bim. And then, f imvn t ,S Wuro ,osfc in" id of my own father; poor man. : v..sspl f'lavbeu savc(1 had tiro, doesn't it? a sailor, and a and n forecastle reniaine?.3caus8 they were both honest Sir H vJ-irf-r" found, on board -s wholesome flower coming vcrnuipiit niotio11' cerei.-n out again and leaving a : lost on v01 theV actin t"e Ne 1 He left the savour of r tived by gs' tol y" The .resoIlltfoli:-'hir0cf though he took the Titk \\-\r o !: . ' — Vr oculdrit office in Lon'do'n! y a''e aW t0 0pCD a braUh wimimleTi : niercial treaty?"' a"<l Spain have coucludf>d a com' , tS " B' my father, whom I used to sneer at, carried to Mb grave ; and died simple, but wise : honest, but rich ; rich in money, in credit-, in honour, and eternal hopes : ob, Skinner ! Skinner ! I wish I had Sever been born.' Skinner was snrprieed : he was not aware tbat intelligent Laen, who sin, are subject to fits of raraorBe ; nay, more, he was frightoned ; for the emotion of this iron man, so hard to more, was overpowering when it came; it did not soften, it coavnljed him. 'Don't talk so, sir,' said the little elerk. 'Neap up your heart 1 Have a drop of something.' ' You are right,' said Hardie, gloomily ; ' it is idle to talk : we are all the slaves of circum stances.' With this, he unlocked a safe that stood against the wall, chucked the £14,000 in, and slammed the iron door sharply ; and, ae it olosed upon the eaBh with a alang, tho parlour door burst open as if by concert, and David Dodd stood on the threshold, looking terrible. His ruddy colour was all gone, and be teemed black and wbite with inger and anxiety. And out ; of this blanched' yet lowering face, his eyes glewed like eoals, and roved keenly to and fro between the banker and the clerk. A thuiider-oloud of a man. CHAPlEiJ XVII. . James Maxiay came out of the bans tnat morn ing with nine hundred and four pounds buttoned up tight in the pocket of bis leather breeches, a joyful man ; and bo to hio work ; at homo at one o'olock to dinner. At 2 p.m. ho wag thoughtful; uneasy at 3; wretched at 3 SO. He was gardener as woll at capitalist : and Mr. Hardie owed bith 80s. for work. Such ie human nature in general, and Msxlsy's in particular, that the £900 in poeket soemed small, acd the 30s. in jeopardy la»ge. ' I can't afford to go with the creditors,' argued Maxlry : 'dividend on 00t:P why, that will be about thirty penco ; the change for a hard half- arown. He ktuek his spade in the soil end made foshie debtor's house. As he came up the street, Dedd shot out of the bsnk radiant, and was about to pass him without notice, full of his wife and children ; but Msxley stopped him with a right cordial welcome, and told him he had given thorn all a fright this time " What, ia it over the town already, that my ship bos been wrecked ?' And Dodd looked annoyed. . Wreaked P No; bnt you bare been duo this two months, ye know. Wrecked P Why captain you haven't ever been wrecked ?' And he looked him all over as if ho expected to see wrosked branded on him by the elements. ' Ah, James, wreoksd on the Erenob coiat, and lost my ehronometer, and a tip-top sextant, But what of tbat P I saved it. I have just landed it in the bank. Good-bye ; I must sheer off; I long to be home.' 'Stays bit, captain,' said MaSley: 'I am not quite saay in my rnind. I saw you eoree out of Bardie's ; I thought in course you had been in to draa : but you eeye different. Now what was it you did leave behind you at that there shop, if you please : not money ?' "Not money? Only <©14,000. How the man stares! Why, it's not. mine, Jamvsj it's my children's t tbsre, good-bye;' and ho was actually off this time. But Matley stretched his long limbs, and caught him in two strides, and griped his shoulder without ceremony : ' Be you mad ?' Baid he, sternly. ' No, but I begin to think you are.' 'That is to be seeD,' said Maxley, gravely. ' Before I lels you go, you mutt tell me whether you be jesting, or whether you have really been so simple as to drop fourteen — thousand — pounds at Hardie'a P' No judge upon tho bench, nor bishop in hie stall, conld be more impressive than this gardener was, when he subdued the vast volume cf i his voieo to a low grave utterance of this sort. Dodd began to be uneasy : ' Why, good heavens, there is nothing wroDg with the old Barkington Bank?' 'Nothing wrong P' roared Msxley: then whii- pered 1 ' Holt !' I was laad once for slander, and cost me thirty pounds : noarly killed my missus it did.' ' Man !' cried Dodd, ' for my children's sake tell me if -you know anything amirs. After all, I'm like; a stranger here ; more than two years away at a time.' ' I'll tell you all I know,' whispered Maxley, ' 'tis the 1886b I can do. What (roaring) do — you — think— I'to forgotten you saving my poor boy out 0' that scrape, and getting him a good place in Canada, and — why, h'dhave been put in prison but for yosi, and that would ha broken my heart and his mother's— and " The stout voice begin to giaver. ' Ob, bother all tbat now,' said Dodd, impatiently. 'The bank! youhavo grounded mo on thorns.' Well, I'll tell ye : but yoa must promise faithful not to go end say I told ye, or you'll get me laad again : and I likss to laa them, not for they to laa me.' ' I promise, I promise.' ' Well then, I got a letter to-day from by boy, him as you was so good to, acd hore 'tis in my brseohes-pocket. — Laws ! how things do come round surely; why, lookee here now if aa be. you hadn't been a good friend to he, he wouldn't be where he is; and if so he warn' b where be i« he couldn't have writ me this here, and then where should you and I be?' 'Belay vour jaw and .show me tais letter,' cried David, trembling all over. . ' That I wool,' said Maxley, diving-a hand into his pocket ! ' Hush ! lookee yander now ; if there ain t Ma3ter Alfred a watching of ub two out of his windsw; and he have got an eye likeakawk, he have. Step in the passage, captain, and I'll show it yoa.' _ ' He drew him aside into the passage, and gave him the letter. Dodd ran his eye over it hastily, uttered a cry like a wounded lion, dropped it, gave a slight st agger, and rushed away. Maxley picked up his letter and watched Dodd into the Bank again, and reflected on his good work. His heart warmed at having made a return to the good captain. His head susgested that he was on the road which leads to libel. But he had picked up at the assizes a smattering of tho law of. evidence, eo he coolly tore the letter in pieopa. 'There, now,' said he to himself, 'If Hardies do not lag me for publishing of this heie letter, why they pours their water into a sieve. Ugh.' And with this exclamation he started, and then put his heavy boot on the part of the letter, and ground it furtively into the mud ; for a light hand had settled on his shoulder, and a keen young faco.was close to his. . It was Alfred Hardie, who had stolon on him like a cat. ' I'm laad,' thought Maxley. ' Maxley, old fallow, said Sir Alfred, in a voice as coaxing a3 a woman's, 'are you in a good humour?' ' Well, Master Hslfrid, right of ypu mostly puts me in one, especially after .that there strychnine job.' 'Then tell mo,' whispered Alfred, his eyes spark ling, and his face beaming, f who was that you were talking to just now? — was it?— wasn't it? — who was it ?' CHAPTER XVIII. While. Dodd stood lowering in the doorway, he was nevertheless making a great- effort to control bis agitation. . . . At last he said in a stern but low voice, in which, however, a quick ear might detect a tremor of agir tsition— ' I have changed my mind, sir ; I want my money back:' , . At thin, though David's free had prepared him, Mr. Hardie's heart »ank ; but there was . no help for' it— he said faintly, ' Certainly. May I ask ?' and there he stepped, for it was hardly pru dent to ask anything. _ _ . No matter,' replied Dodd, his agitation rising even at this slight delay. 'Come, my money. I must and will have it.' _ _ _ , . Hardie drew himself up majestically, Captain Dodd, this is a strange way of demanding what nobody here disputes.' . : 'Well, I bag your pardon, sid Dodd, a liiUe awed by his dignity and fairness : ' but I can't help it." The quick, supple banker, fl0W_ th slight advantage he had game.!, and his mmd went mto a "hould. he do? It was cicath to part or a week for m(wand _a;n nothing by Jb: sooner.: riensays that hu r ... Awiwi te well lii motion." tell Dodd of the love affair : and open a treaty on this basis : he clung to this - monoy like limpet to its rock; and so intense, and rapid were his. thoughts and schemes how to retain it a little longer, that Syria's apologies buzzed in his ear like tho drone of a beetle. The latter wont on to 9ay : 'You see, sir, it my children's fortune, my boy Edward's and my little ; Juaas; and to many have b;en trying to get it ! from me, tbat my blood boils up in a moment about ft now.-— My poor head 1 — Yoa don't fieem to under stand waat I am saying 1 there then, I am a sailor ; ' 8 bating and tucking, like you landsmen, witn. the wind dead, astam ; the long and the short is, I dont feel it safe here : don't feel it safe anywhere, exoapb in my wife's lap. So no more' words: here's your receipt; give me" my money. .rtainly, Captain Dodd. Gall to-morrow morning at the bank, and it will be paid on demand in , 0 reg#Iar way : the bank opens at ton o'clock. JNo, no ; I can't; wait. I ' should . be dead ' of anxiety before then.. Why not pay it me here, and now? You topk it here.' .We receive deposits till four o'clcok; but we do bank?9' 89 a"5r tkre®- This is tho systsm of all ' Tbat is all nonsense : if you are open to receive y0a arS P0n fo PaT My doar sir; if you were not entirely ignorant or business, yoti would be aware that tbeBe things are net acne in this way: money reoeived is passed to account, and the cashier is thi only person who cam honour your draft on it. : but, stop; if the t0a,u 10 ®ke bank, we may manage it for you yet : SkinDer, run and see whether he has left : ana, if not, send him to me directly.' The cashier, took his cue, and ran out- David was silent. The cashier speedily returned, saying, with a dis appointed air : "The caehier has been gone this quarter of an hoar.' prtfot lined an ominouB Bilence. That is; unfortunate, ' remarked Hardie. 'But after all, it is only till to-morrow morning ' still I regret this circumstance, sir, and I feel that all these precautions we ar<j obliged to take must seem nn- reaionable to you : but experience dictates this severe routine ; and, were we to deviate from it, our friends' money would- not be so safe in our bauds as it always has been at present.' David eyed him sternly, but let him/ run on. When he had concluded hi# flowing periods, David said quietly : 'So you can't give me my own because your oasbie? has carried it away P ' Hardie smiled: 'No, no; but because he has looked it up ; and carried away the key.' ' It is not in this room, then ? ' 'No.' ; 'Are you sure ? ' . 'Positive.' ' Tjtrii 4- nnt. ik 1_ P_ _ W . 1.1 . Q ) ,,uuuj ui/u- in biiau ooio 01 yourff, taeroT;. ' Certainly not,' said Hardie, stoutly. ' Open the Bafe : the keys are in it.' f"'r ' Open the safe ? What for?' / ' To shown me. It is not in. the right hand parti tion of that safe ; there : there.' And David pointed at the very place where it was. The dignified Mr. Hardie felt ready to" sink with Bhame : a kind of shudder passed through him, and he was about to comply, heart-sick: but t-hsn. wounded pride and the rage of disappointment stung him, and he turned in dffiance : ' You are imper tinent, sir: and I shall not reward your curiositv and your insolence by showing you the contontB of. my safes.' 'My Money! my money 1 ' cried David, fiercely: 'no more words, for. I sha'n't listen to ihe'in: I know you now for what you are ! a thief. I saw you put it into the safe : a liar You want to steal my children your life first. My money strangle you.' And he advanced upon him purple, with rsge, and ahoti out his long threatening artdl" and brown fingers working in the air. 'D'ye know - what I did to a French land shark that tried t. me of It ? I throttled him with these fingers till bis eyes and his tongue started out of him ; he came?, for my children's money, and I killed him sor-so— 10— as I'll kill you, you thief ! you liar! you scoundrel 1 ' Hie face black and convulsed with rage, and hia outstretched fingers working convulsively, arid hungering for a rogue's throat, made the. resolute Hardie quake ; he whipped1 oufr of the furious man's way, and .got to the safe, pale and trembling. ' Hush 1 no violence 1 ' he gasped : ' I'll . give you your money this moment, you ruffian.' . While he unlocked the safe with trembling bands,- Dodd stood like a man petrified ; bij arm and fingors' stretched out and threatening ; and Skinner saw him pull at his necktie furiously, like one choking. Hcrdie got the notes and bills all in a hurry, and held them out to Dodd. In which act, to his consternation and surprise, and indignation, he received a back-handed blow on the eye that dazzled him for an inttant; and, there was David with his arms struggling wildly, and bis fists clenched, his face purple, and his eyes distorted so that little was seen but the whites ; the next moment bis teeth gnashed loudly together, and he fell head-long on the floor with a concussion so momentous, that the windows rattled, and the room shook violently ; the dust rose in a cloud. Aloud ejaculation burit from Hardie and Skinner.: And then there was an awful silence. CHAPTER XIX. When David fell senseless on the floor.Mr. Hardie was somewhat confused by the baek-handed blow from his convulsed and whirling arm. But Skinner ran to him, held up his head, and whipped off his neckcloth. Then Hardie turned to seize the bell and ring for. assistance ; but Skinner shook and said.it was use-: lees; this was no faint : old Betty . .net help him. 'It is a bad day's work, air,' said ho, trembling:! ' he is a dead man.'. , 'Dead? Heaven forbid 1' 'Apoplexy 1 ' whispered Skinner. . ' Run for a doctor then : lose no time : don't let us have his blood on our hands.— Dead . And be repeated the word time in a very different tone; a tone too strange and significant to escape' Skinner's qu'ck ear. However, he laid David'a head gently down, and rose from his knees to obey. What did he sae now, but Mr. Hardie, with his back turned, putting the notes and bills softly into' the safe again out of sight. He saw, comprehended, and took his own course with egual rapidity. , 'Come, run 1 ' cried Mr. Hardie ; 'I'll take care, of him ; every moment in precious.' (' Wants to get rid of me 1 ') thought Skinner. 'No, sir,' - said he, ' be rultd by me : let ur tike nim, to his friends : he won't live ; and we shall get all, the blame if we doctor him.' V Already egot.iim had whispered Herdis,- How lucky if he should die!' and now- a still- euiltieri thought flashed through him : he did not try to; conquer it; he only trembled at himeelf for enter taining it. , At least give him air 1 ' said he, in a quavering voice, consenting in a crime, yet compromising with his conscience, feebly. He threw the window optn with great zeal, with; prodigious zeal ; for he wanted to deceive himself ss well as Skinner. With equal parade he helped carry Dodd to tho window ; it opened on the ground : : this done, the self- deceivers put their heads together, and Boon managed matters so that two porters, known to Skinner, were introduced into the garden, and informed that a gentleman had fallen down in' a, fib, and they were to take him home to bis friends, 1 and not talk about it : there might be an inquest, and that was so disftgreable to a geutlamandike Mr. Hardie. The men agreed at once, for a sovereign' apiece. It was all done in a great lburry and agita- tiori, and while Skinner accompanied the men to see that they did not blab, Mr. Hardie went into1 the garden to breathe and thiofc. But he could do neither. He must have-a look ct It. He stole back, opened the safe, and examined the notes and bills. He fingered them. They Beemed to grow to his finger. He luated after them. He said to himself, "The matter baa gone too far td stop ; I must go on borrowing this money of the Dodd# ; and make it the ba#i« of a large fortune :ftib will be tke best for all parties in the end., He put it into bis pocket- book ; that pocket-book into his breast-pocket ; and passed by his private dow;tit»vthe house, and to hjs dressing-room. . .. -\i toVrttea later he loft the house with a little j) cd at.Mr ltuvwi . I 1 black bag n his hand. CHAPTER. XX. . 'Whet will ye give me, and'Pll tell ye/ eaid Maxley to Alfred Hirdia. ' Five pounds.' 'That is too mucb.' 'Five shillings, then.' . ; 'That is too little. Lookee here ; your garden 1 owes ma thirty shilling for work : suppose you pays ;me, and that wili save me from going to your Dad Ifor it.' Alfred consented readily, and paid the money. Then Maxley told him it was Captain Dodd he had been talking with. . 'I thought so 1 I thought so! ' oried Alfred joy- , fully, '. but I was afraid to believe it : it was too de- lightfuk Maxley, you're a trump : you don't know what' anxiety you have relieved ine of ; some foo has gone and reported the Agra wrecked ; l0_k hers 1' and? he showed him his Lloyd's"; 'luckily it has only just corns, so -T haven't been miserable long.' . - - ' Well,' to be sure, news fly quick now-a-days. He have been wrecked, for that matter.' He then sur- prised Alfred, by telliDg him all that he bad from Dodd 'fraud ' was going to let out about the £14,000., when he recollected:.tbat . this was the, Banker's son, and while he was. talking to him, it suddenly struck Maxley that, this young; gentleman would come down in the world, should the bank break : and tbeo the Dodds, ho concluded, judging others by himself, would be apt to turn their backs on him. 'Now he liked Alfred, and was disposed to do bim a .good turn, when 'he could without hurting James 'Maxley. 'Mr. Hardie,' eaid he, 'I know the wo-ld better than you do : you be ruled by me, or you'll rue 't :.. you put on your Sunday coat this minute; and off like a shot to the Albyn Villee ; you'll get there before the oaptain : ha have a little business to dp first ; thab-is neither here nor ther# : besideB, you are young arid- lissome. -You be the first to tell Mrs. ;Do.dd the go;od- news ; and, when the captain comes, ;there sets "jou aside Mi»» Juice : and don't you be shy and shamefaced : tike bitn when his heart in warm, and let! him why you are there : I love her dear,' says you : He be only a sailor, and they never has no sense ?nor prudenco : hois a'most sure to take you by the hand, at such a time : and once you take his word, he'll stand good, to hi# own hurt; he's one of that sort, bless his silly o'd heart.' A good de el of this was unintelligible to Alfred; lub the advios; seemed good: advice generally does when it squares with our own wishes: he tbauhed ; Maxley, left him, made a hasty toilet, and r«n to (Albion Yilla, ( Sarah opened the doors to him ; in t ears. Tho news of the wreck had come to Albion Yilla n«t- 1. ' J 1 _ i_ i. U.lt ViAim fVi QX7 judu Libia ou uuuf agu j auu iu liUau uatx ,hcd tasted more misery than hitherto their peaceful lot had brought them in years. Mrs. Dodd' was praying and crying in her room ; Julia had put on h«r bonnet, and was descending in deep distress and Agitation, to go down to the quay and learn more if possible. Alfred saw her on the stairs, anfi at sight of her pale, agitated face, flow to her. She held out both hands pitsously to him : Oh, Alfred 1 ' ' Goad news ! ' he panted. ' He is alive ; Maxley has eeen. him— I have seen bim — He will be here di rectly— my own love dry your eyes — cAn your fears — He is safe ; he is well : hurrah 1 hurrah 1 ' The girl's palo face flushed red with hope, then pale again with emotion, then rosy red with tranB- .cendent joy: 'Oh, bless you! bless you!' she murmured, in hor sweet gurgle ao full of bert : then took hi# head paasicmat'ely with both hands, as if she were going to kiss him : uttered a little inartioulate cry of love and gratitude over him, then turned and flew up the-atairs, crying ' Mamma 1 mamtsa 1 ' and burst into her mother' s' raom. When two such Im petuosities meet, as Alfred and Julia expect quick work., . i . "/What happened in -Mrs. Dodd's room may be imagined : and soon both ladies oamo hastily out to Alfred, and.he found himself in tho drawingtoom seated bsyrss'n them, and holding a hand of each, and plajibg the man delightfully, soothirig arid assuring them ; Julia believed bim st a word, and beamed with unmixed delight rind anticipation of the joyful meeting; Mrs. Dodd cost hira more trouble : her soft hand trembled still ; and she put question upon question, fiu ho told her he with his own eyes bad seen Oaptain Dodd talking to Maxley, ana gathered from Maxley he had been shipwrecked on the coast of France, and lost his (Chronometer acd his sextant, these details commanded credit ; bells were rung : the captain's dressing-room ordered to be got ready; the cook put on-'her mettle, and Alfred invited to stay and' dine ;with the long-expected one : acd the house of mourning became the house of joy. ' And then it was he who brought the good newB,' whispered- Jolis to her mother; 'and that is bo Sweet.' ' Yes, dear,' said. Mrs. Dodd, 'he will make even me love him. The £14,000 1 I hope that was not ksfc in the wreek.' 55/ Oh, mamma l who oares ? when his own dear, sweet, precious life has been in danger, and is mercifully preserved. Why does he not oome ? I shall scold him for keeping us waiting: you know I am -not a bit afraid of him, though he is papa: indeed,; I am ashamed, to eay, I govern- him with a rod of, no matter whab. Do, do, ao let e put on our bonnets, and run and meet him. . I ; want him so to love somebody the very first day.' Mrs. Dodd, said, ' Well : wait a few minutes, and then,' if he is not here, you two shall go. I dare hardly trust myself to meet my darling husband in the open street.' Julia ran to. Alfrod : ' If he does not come in ten minutes, yoti" arid I may go and meet him.' ' You Are an? angel,' murmured Alfred. ' You are? ariothor/ said Julia, haughtily. c Oh dear, I can'tbit down : and I don't want flattery, I ? want papa/" waltz! a waltz! then one can 'go mad with/joy (without startling propriety ; I can't answer "forithe 'consequences if I don't let off a little, : little, happiness.' ' . ' That ; r; wili/. said Mrn. Dodd; for i am as happy. as'jup.; knd happier.' She j.lajed a waltz. J ulia'B. eyea .were a' cb&llerige; : Alfrod started up and toot her ready hand, arid soon the gay young things WerV whirling round, the hap oieat pair in England;. ;. : But ih the piddle of the joyous whirl,. Julia's quick ear .rin thp watch all tho time, heard the gate swing, to ''she glided like an - eel from Alfred's arm, and ran " t?q the .window. . Arrived thereVsbe made three .swift yiiitioal bounds like a girl with a skip ping rope,. only her/hands were clapping in the air at the same tipip 9" -then down the stairs, screaming : 'His cheat! rhia "cheat! he is coming, coming come.?,. ?.". Alfred ..ran after her. Mrs. Dodd, unable to race- with such antolepes, enppea quietly Out into the little balcony. Julia had seen two men carrying a trestle with a : tarpaulin, ovar it, and a third walking becide- Dodd's heayy sea chest had been more than once carried home this way. She met the men at the door, and overpowered them with questions : Is it hi# clothes? then he wasn't so much wrecked after all. Is he with you ? is he coming directly? Why don't you tell me?' The porters at first wore thn Btolid imparsive faces of .their tribe : but,, when this brig lit young creature questioned them, brimming over with ardour and joy, their countenance fell, arid they hung their heads. : The little sharp-faced man, who was . walking beside the other, Btepped forward to reply to Julia,. " He was interrupted by a terrible scream from the balcony. Mt. Dodd was leaning wildly over it, with dilating eyes, and quivering hand that pointed down to the other, aide", of the trestle : ' Julia 1 Julia !' Julia ran round, and stood petrified, ber pale lips apart, and all her innocent joy ..frozen ia a moment. ,! The tarpaulin wan scanty there, and a man's hand and part of his arm dangled helplessly out. \- The hand wbb blanched : and wore a well-known ring. " : CHAPTER XXI. In the terror and oonfusion no questions were then asked : Alfred got to David's head, and told Sjrinner to take his . feat; Mrs. Dodd helped, and they carried him up and laid him on her bed. The servant girl# oried, and wailsd, and were of little u se; Mrj. Dodd hurried them off for medical aid, a nd she and Julia, though pale as ghosts, and tremb- lng in every limb, were tearless, and almost silent, end 'did all for the bert: they undid a shirt button, J < that confined his throat: they set his head high, and j :fc?ied their poor little eau-de-Cologne and feminine ? remedies : and each of them held an insenable hand :in both hers, clamping it piteeusly and trying te hold bim tight, so that Death should not take him 'away from them. 'My eon, where is my son ? 6i'ghed Mrs. Dodd. Alfred threw his arm round her neck : ' You have one son here : what shali I do ?' The next minute he was runaing to the t'lrgraph offioe for hen, At the gate he found Skinner hanging about, a-d asked him hurriedly ho w the calamity had happened. Skinner said Captain Dodd had fallen down sense less in the street, acd ho had paw d soon after, : recognised him, and brought him home ; I have paid the men, sir; I wouldn't T.-t them askt.be ' ladioB at such a time.' '? ' Oh, thank jou 1 thank you, Skinner 1 I will re pay you 5 is is ire you have obliged.' And Alfred ran off with? the words in his mouob. Skinner looked after him and muttered : ' I for- : got him. It is a nice mess. Wish I was out of it.' And he went back, hanging his head, to Alfred's father. . Mr.. Osmond met him; Skinner turned and saw him enter the villa. Mr. Osmond came softly iDto the riooi, exemined Dodd? s eye, 'felt his pulse, and said he mud be blod at once. Mrs. Dodd was averse to th's : ' Oh, let ua try everything else first,' said she; but Osmond told her there was no other remedy : ' All the functions we rely on in the exhibition of mrdioinc-s are sus pended.' Dr. Short now drove up, ard was ushered in. Mrs. Dodd asked him imploringly whether it was necessary tc bleed. But Dr. Short knew his business too well to be entrapped into an indepeedtnt opinion where a surgeon had been before him. He drew Mr. Osmond apart, and inquired what had been recommended : this ascertained, he turned to Mrs. "Dodd, and said, 'I adfi»e venesection or cutming.' ' Oh, Dr. Short, pray have pity and order some thing less terrible. ?Dr. Sampson is so averse to bleeding.' ' Sampson ? Sampson ? sever heard of him.' 'It iBthe chronothsrmal man,' #aid Osmond. 'Oh, ah! but this is too :eriou3 a oase to bo quacked. Comi, with atertor, end a full, bounding pulse, indicates liberal blood-letting. I would trj ven'section ; then cup, if nesessary, or lo9eh the temple: I need nob aay, sir, calomel must complete the oure. The esse is simple ; and, at presif.ft, ?surgicsl ; Heave it in oompetsnt hands.' And he retired, leafing the inferior praotilionsr well plsr.cod with him and with himself; n» insignificant port of a physician's art. When he was gone, Mr. Osmond told Mrs. Dodd that however orotchety Dr. Samp9on might bo. he jj Was an able man and bad very properly resisted tho 8 Indiscriminate use of the lancet t the profession j 'owed him muoh. 'But in apoplexy the leech and the lancet are still our sheet anohora.' 1 Mr#. Dodd uttered a faint shriek : ' Apop lexy I Oh, David 1 Oh, my darling ; have you eomc horns for rliis?' Osmond assured her apoplexy was not necessarily fatal ; provided the osrebral blood-veBsela w ess re lieved in time by depletion. The fixed eye, and terrible stertorious breathing on the one hand, and the promise of relief on the other, overpowered Mrs. Dodd's reluctance. She tent Julia out of the room on a pretext ; and then contented with tears to David's being bled. But she would not yiold to leave the room ; no : this tender woman nerved herself to see her husband's blood flow, sooner than risk his being bled too muoh by the hard hand of custom. Let the peevish fools, who make their own troubles in love, compare their slight and merited pangs with this 5 she was hie true lover and his wife ; yet there she stood with eye horor-stricken yet unflinching, and saw the stab ef the little lancet, and felt it deeper than she would a javelin through her own body ; and watched the blood run tbat was dearer to her than her own. At the first prick of fcbe lancet David shivered, and, as the blood escaped, his eye unfixed, and the pupils contracted and dilated, and once he sighed. .' Good sign that !' said Osmond. 'Oh, tbat is enough, sir,' said Mrs. Dodd; we shall faint if you take any more/ Osmond closed the vein, observing that a local bleeding would do the rest. When ho had staunched the blood, Mrs. Dodd sank half fainting in hor chair ; by some marvellous sympathy it was she who had been bled, and whose vein was now closed. Osmond sprinkled water on her face ; she thanked him, and said sweetly, 'You see I could not have lost any more.' When it was over she came" to tell Julia; ehe found her sitting oh the stairs crying, and palo as marble. She suspocted. And there was Alfred hanging over hor, and in agony over her grief ; out came his love for her in words and accents unmis takable, and this in Osmond's hearing and the maid's. ' Oh, hush 1 huoh I' cried poor Mrs. Dodd, and j her face was aecn to bin® through her tears. And this was the happy, quiet, little villa of my opening chapters. Ah, Richard Hardie 1 Richard Hardie 1 TO BS cohtinued. 