ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE COURT HOUSE MEETING AND MR. J. D. MILLER. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) Sir,-Mi J D Miller's acknowledgement of the authoiship of the now notonous "Cornstalk" letteis has, I confers, gieatly suipnsed mc line, I invited him to do so, but with faint hopes that he Avould be man enough to father them lhat ho was pait authoi ol them I and otheis nevei doubted Happily for this community, when a stab m the dark is attempted 01 a gloss slander stated, concealment is almost impossible And why' Because, fortunately, theie aie but two 01 thiee men m oui midst capable of sneiking behind a »on* do plume to stake viciously and vindictively at a fellow-townsman Rejoicing that Mi J D Miller m this respect stands almost alone, I will pioceod to deal with Ins indiscreet effusions, not that I wish to put myself right with him - ceitamly not I would much lather have lum as an enemy than a champion, but I do value the good will of others, whom his per/eision of facts may havo mis- led I cannot, howevei, îefrain from noticing his misappropriation of the word " Cornstalk " Austia lians aie woild îenowned for their manliness, pluck, and love of fan play, and it is a bit of indecent pie sumption for any imported slandeier to attach a cognomen we are all pioud of to his splonetic eftùsisnB What wonder that such a man marvels at the language I used m my last ' With his deadened sense of what is seemly, ho cannot appie ciate my plain writing- why I should call a liai a hai, and an assassin a coward and a sneak I leave to such as he the privileges of anonymous letter writing, and rejoice that I have the manli- ness to call things by then, proper nameb when duty points the way. though it be to the discom- fiture and annoyance of numbers such as ho That he should take exception to the word " employe" surpuses mo> If he is not one, what on earth is he .* (Who shows up as the man Friday now ?) Pli haps his piesent position is best accounted for by the supposition that he developed a taste for writing 'Cornstalk" letteis at an eaily age in other places Men who write such aie nevei much ol a success Far better foi him if he had followed m the footsteps of his celobiated namesake and predecessor, the renowned Joe Laughter and geniality pay far bettei in the long ian than oilensiveness and spleen In his first lettei this fact twister asseited that " I had ruthlessly enteied the sacred piecmcts of priva e hfo ' In the following issue ol j our papei I dial longed lum to prove it This, Sir, is the only point at issue Well, what aie this anonymous letter wntci's pi oofs' Instead of replying to my question lie carefully avoided tho main point at issue, but with chaiacteristic offrontery reiteiated his statements, dragging in foin paitisans to htippoit lum, md boasted that their names could be obtained at the Mercury Oflice Rejoicing in doing things m a straighttorwaid manner, I ap plied for these names, but was infoimed that they weie not obtainable, nor havo they since been sent Aie these myths like the party of Wollombi load notoriety ' Against this inystenous quartette, who aftei all piove nothing- simply the old Betty baid to Kitty game-I point to the hundreds who attended the meeting at the School of Arts A large majonty of those who attended that meeting weie good enough to applaud, at buef inteivals, all poitions of my speech Surely that ap plauso, if it showed anything, showed then ap proval of my utterances and endoised them I need not tell Mi Mulei what soit and conditions of men filled the hall that night He knows too well, and perhaps his suiprise at finding him- self in such good company caused him to tacitly agree with all that was done, for every motion was carried unamnionsly,-Mr Millei, mind you, being theie It that individual's statements about the tenoi of my speech aie eoriect, remember he accuses three 01 tour hundied people of libellirg his em ployei, for did they not unmistakably show that they appioved of all that was said The leal facts aie these I spoke warmly, I spoke stiongly, and I sppke plainly Mr Mill« like many otheis finds the tiuth liai d to swallow That makes no differ- ence to me A wrong had been done and I enteied a vigoious piotest, just as I will if I again find any one opeiatmg againstthe advancement of WestMait land Eveiy woid I then uttered, I am prepared to stand by and repeat The Supieme Court is the ti ustee et everyone's character, and as such trustee that couit will do its duty, regaidless of eon sequences Well, I cordially invite Mr Mulei 01 any one else to pi ove that I uttered any libel, 01 as Mi Miller has it, íuthlessly enteied "the sacred," etc , etc , etc Mind, sir, I am dealing with what I soid If Mi Miller, pio bably knowing more than I do about eveiyone's business than Ins own-sees fit to put a, constiuc tion upon my utterances, other than I put into woids I, suiely, am not to be held íesponsiblo If you left out portions of my speech, you, doubtless, had youi íeasons tor doing so, but for Mi J D Miller to insinuate you did it for fear of a libel action, is as unjustifiable aa it is untiue You could not have so acted because no libel was uttered, therefore any one who says I " ruthlessly enteied" etc , etc , is stating what he knows to bo untru9 Mi Miller may not like these woids, but theie they aie The man who said so is as much u liar as any man is a coward who went to that meeting and daied not hold up his hand against a motion he disappioved of And now I must deal with Mt Mulei and Ins "regiet" This nice consideiate man, su, would have us believe he is "soriy," foi my sake, that I called him so and so, and bo and so Let him feel soily for those neaiei home If ho is sorry, it is because hundreds diffeung fiom his boasted "four" know he mented all I applied to lum Just to show how slippery a customei I havo to deal with, I will cito a few of his choice phiases taken from his first stab in-the daik letter "This man Friday," " His vulgai, scuri lions, and slanderous chaiges," "low bi ed, malevolent assault," " This public caluinni atoi whose tongue out venoms all the worms of Nile," "amazing efhontoiy," "such a cieatme is a ventable Judas," hypocnticalcharac tei," Ä-c , tSLc This man, sir, in his second lettei, says he does not know how to call names, I think he is Goveinor-Geneial of the ciaft, but would piefei the public judging this question ¿u, it is on record that the vilest lufllaus on eaith, who have inflicted toituies on then hapless victims, howl the loudest when receiving then deseits at the triangles Callous to the cues of then dupes, they have bioken bones with glee and cnppled women with delight, but when their own piecious backs have been but slightly wounded have -winced foi the sympathy el bystandeis If a man sneaks up behind me and deals a cowaidly blow with a bludgeon, am I to take afpathei dustei to knock him down' As anothoi proof of this man's inconsistency, I would îefei you to that poi tion of his fiiot piecious pioduction in which he imputes impropei motives to you You did not see fit to lefute his insinuations, and I shall not at tempt to do so You know, howev er, that I expect no favors fiom you (or anyone else) and Ins insinuation that you named youi repoit to please me only, exhibits the meanness of the man's mind Is the commet cial instinct so strone m him, I ask, that he feels it his duty to mise up ghosts to fire at, with the intention of plea3iug b13 master I do not think the latter will thank him foi his flights of imagination, or advo cacy eithei But Mr Miller has turned coat onee more, for in his last he states that you did not in- sert my speech in full because you feared a libel action. First he accuses you of being mercenary and toadying, and then he says you are only cowardly. Poor fellows! Mr. Miller "and his men" can be as abusive, can whimper, can snarl, can be as shifty as they care to be, but the people of this town are too manly, too thorough, to coun- tenance by their support Underground workers and wire-pullers. The majority want justice, and justice they will have. Herrings like Mr. Miller drawn across the trail will not baulk them. The courthouse, and where it shall bo erected, is, after all, the question of the day. Beaten at their own meetings, without the courago to turn up at another one, the opponents of tho purchased site should bow to the will of the majority. Men like Mr. J. D. Miller damn every cause they advocate. Abuso is not argument or his wild imaginings facts. Af> a reply to tho mysterious quartette paraded by Mr. Miller, I append the following letter re- ceived from the Chairman, who presided over the public meeting at which I made the speech in in question. JOHN LEE. West Maitland, July 30,18SG. As Chairman of the public meeting at the School of Arts in reference to the Court House, T did not so understand Mr. Jno. Lee's speech to bo a slanderous or defamatory attack on Mr. Brunker's private character. Mr. Leo expressed regret that Mr. Brunker, whom he said ho highly esteemed, should allow any personal feeling towards Mr. Thompson to warp his judgment in this public matter. Alex. Wilkinson. 30th July, 188G. 