ECHOES OF M?ELBOURUEN. [BY Tie GHosT.] "Thank Heaven the elections are over !" Such is the exclamation of nineteen out of every twenty' people now one meets, and really the bulk of humanity-at least of Victorian humanity - has, much to be thankful for. During the last fortnight nothing has been talked of but politics and politicians, and "election gossip" is apt to pall as much on the appetite as the pro verbial ever-recurring partridge. Indeed toujours perdrix would be preferable to the oft repeated parrot cries that candidates seeking Parliamentary fame use to " tickle the ears of the groundlings." The result' has not been the great victory anticipated by the Ministry. There are a large number of out and out Oppositionists returned, and the ranks of the gentlemen who sit on Mr. Speaker's left will be largely recruited by the "independent" section of the Assembly, which is not pledged to support the Coali tion, and will assuredly on the first test division east their vote against the Government. The now Parliament con tains a fair number of novices, but ass rule:tho constituencies have been true to their old love. The most noticeable excep tions are Collingwood and Croswick, in both of which electorates gentlemen. hitherto unknown in the political world have replaced prominent members of the House. The place of Mr. Mirams will know him no more, " the Flat". and the 'purloins"-as the late Charles Jardine Don once termed Collingwood -having dis carded the loquacious and ambitious protectionist hero, and Creswick having endorsed public opinion in regard to the Fish Creek scandal by relegating Mr. Richardson to private life. All the Ministers, with the exception of Mr.' John James, the Minister of Mines, have been returned, and of this latter gentleman it may be said, as the chief executioner sings in the " Mikado" " From the little list He hardly will be missed." For in sooth Mr. James was rather fond of' prosing, and found it difficult wlen ad dressing Mr. Speaker to sink his local preaching proclivities and adopt the tone and style of Parliamentary oratory that does not bore its hearers. However, neither new nor old members are likely to enjoy their recently won honours for any great length of time, for matters are so " mixed" that another general election will be required to unravel the tangle, and then perhaps we shall have a return to that "government by party" which just now is so much desired, but which is really too' thoroughly a British institution to be, as it has been of late, unceremoniously set aside. Racing matters have during the 15ast week divided the honours with politics. The autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Club has been held at Flemington with more than the accustomed amount of success, and in presence of more than usual number of sporting individuals from the other Australasian colonies.. The arrangoi'nnts for the comfort 1 of the numerous patrons of Englishmen's chief national pastime have now, under the able and intelligent 'aiiagorship of Mr. Byron Moore, thoisuccesoor of the .'inde fatigable" Mr. .'iBagot, attained s?s near perfection as any Ihusiah institution can; the waots of all classes, from, his Excel lency the Governor down tb' the humblest Pressman, having all been carefully con aidered. Melbourneo can now boast of. a course at Flemington ·which in regardto the facilities and advantages casts even 'the far-famed Epsom and Goodwood trysting grounids into the shade. To a visitor to the Australian' colonies the aspect of the racecourse during.the late Champion meeting would have adorded the most convincing .proof that the "hard times" prevalent just now in the mother country and over the whole European continent are not being experienced in this sunny southern land. The promise which carried the English and Scotch Liberals triumphantly through the' late general election of," three icres and a cow" would hardly have secured niany votes in the crowd dt Flemington. Most of the codntry visitors presented the appearance of being already the happy possessors of even uore than the bucolic stimmum borium, the hope of altering which did so much tonvards?: replicing Mr. Gladstone in power. The Scots Church embroglio has now entered upon the acute and, it is to be hoped, final stage of its development. The congregation has all but unanimously called Mr. Dods to fill the charge vacated y' the Rev. C. Strong, and the orthodoxy f thie cliosen oio lias been pu'licly chal lenged. At last acciser and aceised stand fdce to face; and, unless Dr. Mor rison can plrove the charge of heresy.he has levelled at the Rev.. Mr. .Dods, the Melbourne Presbytery' will have to sanec tion the clioice of the members and ad herents of. the Rev. Charles Strong's,late congregation, or avail itself of a law of tl1e' chirch which lias lain dormant for some two centuries to set aside the call. Dr. Morrison, the chief opponent of the Rev. Mr. Dods, has at last "screwed his courage to'the sticking point," and taken the manly course of libelling the too outspoken' young minister. Whether the charge will be proven or not reolains to be seen, but the ilhht is lound to be a severe and acri monious one, and as even at its incipient stage the lie has been freely bandied about by the reverend parties to the quarrel, another instance will be afforded the world of seeing " how these Christians love one another." The Factories Act has been in force for about a week, and already there is talk of meetings and petitions to protest against its inquisitorial provisions, and agitate for its speedy repeal. Nor does the new Licensing Act, brought into being at the cost of so much talk and bitter ani mosity, reach much higher in general estimation. It is safe to predict that a considerable portion of next session will be taken up in undoing the grandmotherly legislation of ito predecessor, and will show that in the absence of a vigilant Opposition the Government hasnotbeen "kept uptothe mark," and have consequently done their work in a slip-shod and slovenly fashion. Were the Factories and Licensing Acts amended out of the Statute Book the country would assuredly be none the worse, and the ingenuity at present shown in evading the restrictions placed upon freedom of action by the community could then be directed into some more.profitable channel. The newspaper eclipse predicted in .a former letter has come off as anticipated, this week's insolvency schedules containing the name of Mr. Mortimer Franklyn, the registered proprietor of the Federal Aus fralian and Victorian Review, and the de funot evening journal The World. There is just now a good deal of excite ment and much comment anent certain alleged conduct of the late Ministry in respect to a glaring case of forgery and embezzlement, of which the hero is the son of an ex-Minister. The young gentleman, who was in one of lour Government depart ments, of which the present Chief Secro tary was then the head, contrivedby means of fraudulent.vouchers to obtain, a sum of about £300. On the discovery of the de falcation the father of the delinquent was apprised of the fact, and allowed to "square" matters by repaying the stolen sum into the Treasury. Had the offender been a mere ordinary clerk' in private em ploy,, or in the Government service, 'the matter would probably have been dealt with by the police, but the last has not been heard of the matter, and the political opponents of the ex-Ministor will hardly rest satisfied until the whole affair has been ventilated in Parliament. The episode has been so much talked about in the service that it is no longer a secret, and it is only a question of a few days when the whole affair, with a;full bill of par ticulars, will be through -the Press, made common property, and a Ministry that has done-its utmost to make every one virtuous by act of Parliament will perforce have a skeleton-and an ugly one to boot dragged out of its own cupboard, for an offender who does not happen to boast of a Minister in his pedigree has just been criminally prosecuted for. committing an offence very similar in character. 1March 6. 