ARGUS GLANCES. The Macleaij Herald promised faithfully to publish the evidence in the Smith- Dangar case in full. When they received a copy of the witnesses statements they were afraid' to publish them. The evidence for the compla- ant was too straight for the Herald to swal low, dexterous though it is in taking crooked things down its throat. A certain counsellor at the Irish Bar was notorious for the dinginess of his linen. " My dear fellow," said. Cumin one day to him, " you can't imagine how puzzled we are to fin'd out where you buy all your dirty shirts." While the G.O.M. was'passing Preston on his. last trip nbrth a man fell and broke his leg. A kind: letter of - sympathy was soon after received by the sufferer from the Old Curiosity, who also sent two bits of wood, "part of a tree felled by,tlie ; Right Hon, W, E.' Gladstone," to make a pair of crutches for' "the gentleman wlie fell off the bad eminence of a truck." John Bright is 75 years of age. Duke of Argyle is 03 years of age. 1 Sir Thos. Brassey is 50 years of age. Charles Bradlaugh is 53 years of age. Jacob Bright (John's brother), is (55 years of age. Henry Broadhurst (a working stonemason) is -10 years of age. G. J. Gosclien is 55 years of age. Joseph Cowen is 55 years of age. W. E. Forstcr is 68 years of age. Jesse Collings is 57 years of ago. Mr. Labouclicre is 55 years of age. Wilfred Lawson is 57 years of n,gc. On and after April 1 the system of pre payment of telegrams by postage stamps will be abolished and the cash system again re- sorted to. ' ' ' Do not be Discouraged. — Even if you have tried many remedies for your kidney disease or liver complaint without success it is no reason why you should think your disorder incurable. The most intractable cases read ily yield to the potent virtues of Dr. Bell's Bitters. If is a purely vegetable compound, which acts on the kidneys, liver, and bowels at the same time, and thus cleanses the whole system. Don't wait, but get a bottle to-day and cure yourself. \- At last old " quarter to two " has secured his long promised billet. The unique .11. Burdett has kept his promise for once. Mr. Ponsford has been appointed storekeeper at Trial Bay at a large salary and — — — This is it may be mentioned the seoond man ior whom Mr. Smith has. obtained a billet. So much for political services. A number of the Commissioners to the iuiuinui tuiu Aiiiuu.il Aj.Yjuuiiiuu ware assem bled in Macquarie-street, discussing matters. ..The ornate and saponacious B. Burdett Smith was there in all his glory. Said a :prominent colonist to a well-known ",globe trotter :" — " What do you think of our Com missioners to the exhibition ?" " Well," was the reply, " tliey ars about the seediest lot of 'steerage passengers ever I sat eyes on." Nearly everyone who is going home; now has been appointed a Commissioner for the Indian and Colonial Exhibition. Nosey Bob, the esteemed and popular hangman, who is about to proceed to England, and who, pre vious to his departure is to be entertained at a banquet by the ghosts of those to whom he has given " a drop " too much, was offered a pssiticn on the Commission. He firmly and emphatically declined, remarking that ' lie had met with rum customers in his time, but he must draw the line somewhere." Nosey could not jeopardise liis character by associ ating' with some of the members of the Commission who had been gazetted. Times must be bad in England when such a paper as the Lancet says that the Princess Christian cannot afford tlie change from home of which she stands in need. Poverty is no crime ; but it is very inconvenient, especially when one is oil " the upper crust." The renowned Skobeloll announces that lie is prepared to dispose of watches, clocks, and jewellery on time payment. . What a splendid chance ! 