NEEDLES: Short, Sharp, Shiny. Fire. Cricket. Caterpillars. Thought-reading. Stuart Cumberland. City Council to-day. Five for 209—that's good. Fatal accident at the Port. Three Pullman cars ordered. Not a one-innings' defeat after all. Toddy on telegraphy in Australia. A sad case of burning at Kapunda. Last day of the Australian Eleven. West Australia is getting a bad name. Funeral of the late Mrs. Mead to-day. John Bright supports Joe Chamberlain, Stuart Cumberland on the spirit racket. Mr. Tarlton has answered those queries. The blazing hills looked grand last night. The cacœtkes scribendi breaking out again. Sam and Affy warbled on Saturday evening. The postmistress at Morphett Vale £50 short. Those notes at Perth did not go from Yan- kalilla. "Wearied" evidently does not understand cricket. Honesty and probity will surely reap their reward. The two "shows" now running are doing good "biz." The Emperor Wilhelm completes his 89th year to-day. The Commons don't want to boss the declara- tion of war. Does our little general object to the V.M.F. going into camp? The Kaiser Wilhelm will be "going on" for ninety to-morrow. Mr. Crawford retires from the managership of the Union Bank. The Agents-General are waking up over the recidiviste question. Our only general wants the S.A. forces formed into a militia. Fruit from Victoria has arrived in London in excellent condition. An outsider won the Sir Joseph Banks Handicap in Sydney. We are getting a decent sort of torpedo station at the North Arm. Now then, Charley, take up that challenge. It will only cost you a note. Will Reimers and Cumberland coalesce to show what the spirits can do? The blacks in Queensland can now indulge in their toothsome caterpillars. Mr. Todd is about to toddle back. He leaves London on the 22nd April. "Strayed Sheep" reviles his countrymen be- cause Bishop Moorhouse was patriotic. The story about a thousand recidivistes coming to New Caledonia is unfounded. Poor Herr Reimers won't leave until he ex- poses the proposed spiritualistic exposure. The "Lords" are agreeable to the opening of museums and picture galleries on Sundays. A train in Queensland was stopped through swarms of caterpillars "greasing" the line. Yes. Why, indeed, are the V.M.F. not allowed to join in the Easter encampment? The Rev. A. T. Boas is going to lecture in the Stow Lecture-hall. That's the proper sort of tolerance. That "versatile genius," Stuart Cumberland, can produce "manifestations" without any ghosts to help him. The petition presented in London for wind- ing up the Commercial Bank has not been granted. Consideration adjourned. "Strayed Sheep" forgets that it is said Bishop Moorhouse gave all his salary away— or, at all events, never hoarded any of it. A single drop of the oil of thyme, ground down with a piece of sugar and a little alcohol, will communicate its odor to twenty-five gal- lons of water. A strange city is Paris, with its atmosphere of art, of paganism, of materialism, and car- nality, a city where ninety shops sell luxuries to one that sells the necessaries of life. The new British man-of-war Camperdown, built of steel, at a cost of £477,000, is the heaviest ship ever launched in England. It will be three years before she is ready for sea. The air "Ye banks and braes o' bonnie Doon" is of English not Scottish origin. It was the tune of a ribald song in the reign of Elizabeth, and the original MS. is to be seen in the British Museum. Lieut. Taunt, of the United States Medi- terranean squadron, now at Berlin, states that the Lower Congo is dreary and worthless, but the upper Congo has a marvellous climate, and the soil is wonderfully productive. The loftiest active volcano is Popocatapeth —"smoking mountain"—thirty-five miles south-west of Puebla, Mexico. It is 17,784 feet above the sea level, and has a crater three miles in circumference and a thousand feet deep. An Illinois farmer left a can of nitro-glycerine on the table of his cottage. It is supposed the cat pushed off the can, for after a tremendous explosion she was found clinging to a tree 500 yards away, nervous, but almost uninjured. An interesting discovery has been made during the excavations of the Athens Acropolis. A tablet was dug up on which was painted a warrior, with helmet, shield, and spear. Near the figure was an archaic inscription. Archæ- ologists fix the date in the fifth century before Christ. M. Duchesne, a Paris dentist, in whose hands a patient died recently while under the influence of laughing-gas for the extraction of a tooth, has been sentenced to a fine of 600 francs and 3,000 francs damages to the widow. Both defendant and plaintiff appeal against the decision. The Bulgarian "hurrah" is as terrifying as the Turkish "Allah!" which has ofttimes scared the Russians from their trenches. It is said that the terror of the shout with which the Bul- garians rush to the storm sufficed to secure the evacuation of more than one formidable position. The Union Medicale, speaking in favor of the proposed measure allowing French soldiers to wear beards, says that the sapours who have worn long beards from time immemorial, are found to have been but very slightly troubled with consumption, as compared with the rest of the army. On the stage of the Concordia Theatre, in Berlin, there appears now a Goliath of our day, Herr Franzl, who is eight feet and six inches high. Giam Franzl is a Tyrolean by birth. He is only 20 years old, and physicians think that the boy may still grow up. Branzl has a pretty feminine face. In the German army salicylic suet is now used universally for footsores from riding, &c.;, and is found much more satisfactory than the salicylic powder which was formerly employed. The salicylic suet is composed of two parts of pure salicylic acid and ninety-eight parts of the best mutton suet. Professor Hartley discovers that the Celtic monks in Ireland 1100 years ago possessed the secret of making colors and pigments identical with those of the ancient Egyptians—an art which is now lost. These colors, in some respects, excel anything manufactured by modern processes. M. Cortes, the distinguished microscopist, has been experimenting upon the effects of various condiments on the tissues of the oyster. He recommends lemon juice as the most valu- able of these relishes, as it has the property of destroying the animalcula which infest the stomach of that mollusk. The obelisk unveiled at Birmingham in memory of the late Colonel Burnaby is 50 fest high, and is adorned by significant symbols, including a moulding of primroses. The memorial was contributed to by men of all shades of political thought, and the money was chiefly given by the working classes of Bir- mingham. Tests made of the Brooklyn bridge cables show that they are all magnetised. The bottom parts of all pieces of iron show north polarity, and the cables of the bridge are said to be mag- netised in the direction of their diameter, the upper surface of the cables throughout their length being of south polarity, and lower sur- face north. When you shoot a tiger, say savages generally, it is a good plan to eat his heart, because tigers are very brave, and their hearts will increase your bravery. On the other hand, it is not well to eat the heart of a hare, for its ingrained cowardice may succeed in making you equally timid; but you may safely eat his legs and thighs, for those will give you his well-known strength and speed in running. English journals record the late voyage of a steamer owned in London, which has been fitted to burn petroleum. Good time was made, and general satisfaction is expressed with the experiment. The consumption of oil on the voyage was a little over eight gallons per hour, costing about £1 per day, while the cost of coal for that period is calculated to be £7. Besides the saving in coal, a great saving will be effected in labor, there being no shovel- ling of coal into the furnaces and no accumula- tion of ashes to remove. 