IBS MAGAZINES FOB DECEMBER. ' SECOND NOTICE. Tho fact that the elections nro coincidont willi Iho »pptiaranoo of those reviews in which wo look for political artiolos, has taken all of tho lifo out of thom. Like Balaam, thoy know not whether to blesn or cnrbe. Heace most of thom nhstnin altogether from "politics. There ia, however, an exception in the Fortnightly, wkero Mr. Macdonnell asks, and answers Lu tho nifirma tivo " Is tlio caucus a necosrity ?" But nobody yet understands the caucus, which is a natural political growth, and may bo tho gorm of a now system çf «presentation. An unsigned article on "Tho Comin" Conte-ts of tho AVorld " will ho read with (orno interest. The writer nrges that England must, flruld, and will hold Egypt, and that a poworful «'Teutonic monaichy "-but why Teutonic?-will form itsolf on tho mins of European Turkoy. Lady Dilke (lato Mrs. M. Pattoson) contributes an article on «France under Richelieu." A papor on "Progressin Indis " is íondered vnluablo hy the fact that Iho writer, Yamadeva Shaslin, is saturated with genuino Hindoo learning. Tho quiet scorn with which ho speaks of tho Theosophiets should ho noted. Mr. Bradley sjrites on " Tho Evidences of Spiritualism," and argues that without matter identification ÍB impossible. "Let us tmpposo that A and B hove two wives, O and D, and though Uio bodies of C and.D seem olill the samo, that their souls aro transferred. In this (impossible) case, could wo get to know the identity of their souls ? I do not think thnt wo could. A man might say, ' ThiB woman C ia no longer my wifo ; she ia at present not tho samo with tho woman I married.' Hut nothing could entitle him to find tho soul O in tlio body D. For myself at least, I do not soo what ovidonce could establish that point And if so, wo must say that without tlio samo body tho samo soul is not provable." This ia acute and perhaps convinoing reasoning, but would it comfort anybody who thought ho saw a ghost ? " Tho Irish Problom " is" attacked by Lord Oastloton and Mr. Rath- bone. Other articles are " Tho Bulgarian Imbroglio," by Vincent CaiUard, and the " American Press " hy Thoo. Child. Perhaps becauso politics aro excluded, tho Nineteenth Century is unusually interesting. And yet tho first paper, " Tho Interpreters of Genesis, and tho Interpre- tóla of Gonosis," by Professor Huxley, is a dismal failure. Mr. Gladstone had attempted to provo that the writer;-or writers-of Genesis had endeavoured to convey the latest results attained by the Royal Society. Professor Huxley combats this proposition, but with so little literary sympathy-ho considers UenesiB as a foo lo bo pulverised-that his attaok is actually weak. Ne tutor ultra cropidam. is a maxim which both Mr. Gladstono and his opponent would do well to romcniber. Lord Bramwell contribuios a most able article on " Insanity and Crime." Ho argues that for tho most part insanity is crime, and thus cuts away tho ground from thoBO doctors who, converting tb» proposition, havo been arguing that crimo is insanity. The foreigner who said " It is wondorful what tho English do not know," finds a sympathiser in Professor Sooley, whoso article is called " Our Insular Ignoraucc" Othor articles of iniporlauco are " Stimu ulants and Narcotics," by Princo ICrapolkin ; " Provor tion" (French labour and tho Social evil), hythe Dowager Countess of Shrewsbury ; " The ¿off French Chamber," by M. Guyot: and " Capital, and the Im- provement of Land," by the Dulto of Argyll." By far the most geuorally interesting article in tha Contcm»orari/ Review is that on " Tho Origin of tho Alphabet," by Professor Sayce. Ho inclines to placo tho origin in Egypt, tho Phoenician thoory having beon given up by all scholars. In " Reason and Religion," Principal Fairbairn, after his thorough " setting-down " by Cardinal Newman, takes rcfugo in Scotch meta- physics, and few and yveary will those be who lind him there. Mr.,E. A. Freeman writes on "Bulgaria and Servia," and the Dean of Wells on " Disestablish- ment." It is noticeable and creditable that the Dean, though arguing strongly for an establishment, expressly repudiates the " robbing-God " theory, of whioh wo havo perhaps hoard a little too much lately. Tho Coni7iitl is admirable this month. The story of "Dolly's Dilemma " is full of dolicato humour; and " Superfino English " ÍB delicious. The xvritor attacks noteo much what has boon called " newspaper English " as the pedantry of people who'writo iElfrod for Alfred, and Jaganâth for Juggernaut, and refuso to say " pro- vincial," because " provinco " had a special meaning under the Ciesars. Mr. Christie Murray hns finished " Rainbow Gold," and on the whole it will advance his reputation, though tho want of all threo unities was pain iull felt nt the end. Papers which mny bo recommended in tho Gentle nan's Magasine aro ".Tile Tuneful Frog," by Phil. . IioWnson, and " Myths of tho Stars," by D. Fitzgerald. Mr. Belfort Bax and Mr. Fox Bourne havo an enter- taining sqnabblo on the subject of " Socialism. ' The National Review begins with the first instalment of a political novel, entitled " Tho Old Order Changeth," by Mr. W. H. Mallock, from which one gathers two things : first, that tho writer has not Lord Beacons- field's talent of wrapping up hidden meanings—if there were any meanings in Lord Beaconsfleld's novels-in a lively narrative ; and, secondly, that he himself writes much more interestingly when he chooses tho essay form. " The Selection for Regimental Commands" treats of the overlusting difficulty of putting capable youngsters before incapable seniors, and the absolute necessity of so doing. Mr. C. T. Buckland, of tho Bengal Civil Service, argues that " if India is deprived of the revenue she now obtains from opium, an act of gross folly and injustice will be perpetrated." In " Poetry, Politics, and Conservatism," the Hon. G-. N. Curzon complains of tho lack of imagination in our modem statesmen. " I can think," ho says, " only of two publi¿ mon in England in whom the temper of tho politician is graced by something of the poetio afflatus, Lord Duil'crin and Mr. T. Covvon." " Tho Elootoral Triumph " seems, at tho present timo of writing, to be a littlo premature. " Why I am a Conservativo " is tho titlo of threo sonnets by Mr. Alfred Austin, tho gist of which is that if ho Í3 a Conservative, tho village bells chimo " sweet and safely," and tho hound and horn "ranko jocund if cue," Perhaps tho best refrain to such poetic arguments would be' " Hoor-a-ar ! " Two very good stories end in the Docombor number of Belgravia* Ono is Mr. Clark Russell's nautical novol, "A Strange Voyage." Tho finish is somewhat huddled togother, as if the writer wero rather at homo in de- scribing waves and tho lifo of a .ship than in winding up a plot ; hut the slory has been a thoroughly original one. The other ia Mr. Cecil. Power's (Mr. Grant Allen's) "Babylon." Hore Mr. Ruskin comes in as tho dens ex machina. Though it is perhaps unnecessary to givo the key, it may bo hinted that " Mr. Truman " is Mr.Ruslciu, that " Fortuna Mel.liilua " is " Fors Clavi gcra," and that " Mr. Magnus " is Mr. Agnew, tho Manchester picture dealer. Hore is a very tolorablo and certainly amusing imitation of Mr. Buskin's stylo : , " For this young man Winthropj a God-sent landscapo ruiaterj ii over thei o was ouo, has in truth the voritablo oyo for Boeing nnd painting a bit of overgrown rank wntersido vegetation exactly- ns Nature herself originally disposed it, vyith no nice orthodox and ucndemical gincesot arrangement, but simply so-weeds UMA water-no moro than that; just a tangled corner of neglected reeds and waving irises, seen hi au nerial perspective which is almost storeoscopic. Strange to say, this American suvago from tho wild woods can reproduce the wild woods from which he carne, in all then- nntive wildiiess, without the icmotest desiro to miiko thom look like a Dutch pichiró of the garden of Eden. Moroovor, lie positively know« that rod thinga uro rod, green things green, and white things white, a piece of knowledge truly remarkable ¡u this artificially colour-blind «go of diehoric vision (I get my fino words fiom a scientific treatise on tho subject hy Pi Ji'cssur Stilling of Leipzig, to whose soul mny heaven lie merciful). Therowusono picturo of his there-Chuttuwauga Lake, I think ho called it which I had in my mind to buy nt the moment, and had «von gono to far as to purse up my lips into duo form for faying, 'How much is itf (us wo price spring chickens at murkot), but on deopcr thought, I refrained'deliberately, becauso I am now a poor man, und I do uol want to buy plorares at low rates, being tully of opinion, on good war- ranty, that tho labourer is worttiy.uf llls llirû- So I loft it, inoro out of political than personal economy, for somo wealthier mun to buy hereafter. Yet whoever does buv Chattayyiiuga Lake (the nnnio alono is too repellent) will find himself in possession, I do not hesituto to say. of tho finest bit of onUrely sincere rnd scrupulous lunelecape that has ever been painted slneo Turner's brush lay finally still upon his broken palette." i Cassell's Magazine, the Quiver, C/uniiZici-s' Journal, and Little Folks aro all about up to their usual standard of merit. Tho frontispiece of the Magasine of Art is a most effective coloured outline of two cranes, by Mori Ippo, tho original of which is in the British Museum. " Artists' Homes," tho " Uppor Medway," and " Beds Mid. Bedrooms " ore the best of tho articles. 