THE QUEEN AND THE PARLIA MENT. As one steps from the obscurity of the corridors up into full view of the Gilded Chamber, ono's first impression is of masses of scarlet and the blaze of countless diamonds,'and one's second-and lasting impression is of the beautiful faces of the young.peeresses as they 'sit nervously be tweeoo mothdrs and aunts and watchful chaperons, bobbing about in greeting to each other, staring in bewilderment as each. new arrival on the floor ceems for a time, more grotesque than the last, andbreaking into happy young smiles of recognitiodt as one by one they recognize a well-known face t the top 'of a mass of ermine or gold lace. The throne,- of. course, is empty now. Above it stands the Crown of England, andthe ruby and snow-white coronation robe lhangs gracefully across it from side to side; On the woolsack sits tihe little Lord Chancellor, a good-natured looking; little figure, shaking hands incessantly as the stream of distinguished arrivals flows past him, and rolling rather comically from side to side, with his hands spread out over his knees. Immediately in front of him are the Lords Justices, in their scarlet robes and ample ermine cloaks. Three or four of Ithe Lords Justices of Apipeal are On his right, the Master of the Rolls at their head, distinguished albove their fellows by their rich dress of gold and black: Behind them. again, is the table, at which the First Clerk, the nowly notorious Mr. Graham, is busy swearingin some tardy peeoors. The rank and Iile of the peerage-really peers seem very com mon persons in the midst of all this splendour and awe-sit in seven long rows farther still from the Throne, packed to gother like schoolboys on their forms at breaking-up. Across the backs of their flanid- coloured gowns run broad bars of ermirib, and the more numerous tlhe bars the loftier the position of the wearer. One and two, ;pnd three they have, old ones with few, youQng ones witllh many, and the eye wanders" over them, lighting here and there on a.familiar face (for the disguise is a most effective one), till it reaches the foot of the throne, and there stands the Duke of Edinburgh, all scarlet and, gold, four great gold and white stripes rinning round his broad shoulders, and the Ad miral's cocked hat in his hand indicating his profession and his position in it. At his right, on the bishops' benches-their spiritual lordships having been relegated several steps nearer the floor and the ceentre' of the chamber-sit the members of the Corps Diplomatique. All the colours known to the highest flights of heraldic imagination centre here - scarlet . and blue and green and yellow and crimson, all laced together with a mass of gold, amid which great jewels are flashing' on the breasts' of the more foreign-looking Ambassadors-Turkish;,and Siamese, and Japanese, and the Chinaman, with his pqacock's feather., Setting aside the bar baric pearl and gold of these proud repro sentatives of. the gorgeous East, the palm for splendour and originality.falls clearly to tlhe lot of a dark gentleman in a short cloak of cloth of gold,. and apparently one .cannot ,distinguish very clearly knickerbockers and. gaiters or stockings of the same' imposing mniterial. As lie steps daintily across the steps of the throne, he looks like a figure from some old-ago joust or tournay, and everybody is charmed .with his gallant niien. 'e glances up for amoment at tho bewitching row of fair faces in,the gallery round the Chamber-only for a second-but enough for him to be recognised. It is our old friend, H. Gennadius, the accomplished and genial .representative of. the belli cose little country of Greece, whose move ,ments are keeping all the great Posirs so uncomfortably on tiptoe. Following him comes a towering, stately figure, blazing with orders, and ivith a. broad pink and gold sash crossing his breast. The curious combination of colours seems naturalto an English eye. And so it should, for he is none other thaq Count Hatzfeldt, the new Ger:ian Ambassador, and as he' stands up and calmly surveys, thd, whole .brilliant company,- while a polite neighbour points out all the notabilities to him, it is clear that lie is quite awire of thoi inportancoof his position. 'He is an amiusing' old gentleman too, for when. his leisurely in spection is finished he produces a small pocket-comb, and carefully combs his iron grey locks. That 'accomplished,e he' re-. places the comb in';lis 'trouer'i 'picket. Buit the great moment apiriches; the Piince.of Wales, dressed, like hids brother,' in Duke's robes, takes 'up his position by. him at the entrance door, and they both keep looking nervously round. ' The bright eyes grow brighter everywhere, the merry chatter faster 'and faster, and every 'one is, at the. height of expectation. Truly : a scene to remember all one's life. But, hark !-there go the tiumbpets ini the Palace-yard, outside! The Queen ar rives! At the magic sound the whole assembly rises to its feet, cloaks are cast aside, and a thousand white shoulders flash like fresh jewels., So all stand, the Prince ,of Wales having taken his 'position in solitary 'state on the second stop' of the Throne to the' right hand. The red curtains are drawn across' the entrance to the left of the Throne, which has exclusively been used up to the present; and in perfect silence the great company waits. ' Then the cur tains to the right of the Throne are slowly drawn aside, and a procession of heralds, led by the Garter Kiing-at-Arms, files slowly by the: empty chair, each one bowing, low as he' passes the group of distinguished foreigners standing in short rows five deep. After the heralds dome the Yeomen of the Guard, with their black and gold, then the Queen's 'four mace-bearers, and after them the gentle men of the IHousehold-if it was really they-in qiuaint, quiet costumes, gentle men usher s,.ages of. honour, field officer and equerry in waiting, the Master of the Horse, tie: Lord Steward,. Gold Stick, Black Rod, .and all the mediaval mum mers of-the Court, one after another, all bowcing low in long procession, until one's eyes grow-bewildered, and' one's memory refuses to call the roll of the pageant any longer. But waning attention is, sud denly quickened by the sight of the Earl of.Harrowby, the first of the Ministers of State. He is.followed closely by tie Lord Great Chamberlain, and then, so suddenly that. one cannot rdcognise in, what order they came, a group of th6 great doficials is standing round' tie Throne. And slowily from .among thein emerges Lord Salisbury, with something of the stealthy dignity of his.old master Beaconsfield the last time the, scene was efiacted, his black beard renderinghim easily recognisible. The 'ictual entrance of the Queen was con coaled by the brilliant group round the doorway, but a second later she came into full view, walkinug.., very slowly indeed round the bottom step of the throne. . If. one niay venture to describe the person of a Sovereign in terms applicable to common humanity, one would say a short lady much shorter thanione.,had thought-and of very massive proportions. The eye was dazzled' by.all the, brilliance lying before her, but one would say a lady with a berge motherly.face, of, full colour, and a most determined expression, seeming much younger than one knows her to be. She is dressed in black, with white lace and veil, a, .coronet of .diamonds on her head, while what is apparently a necklace of diamonds flashes at every movement, and below it the 'Koh-i-noor on her breast seems to throw out great beams .of light. When she reaches the centre of the steps, the Princess Beatrice, in, rich dark crimson, is tlhere to take her hand and conduct hler to the Throne. She seates herself, tihe train bearer humbly approachels, and with im mense deliberation arranges her voluminous drapery over tihe arm of the Royal chair; when another ghost-like servitor in black ascends the stops, crouching low with t:e gilded footstool, which lhe places in position, and still crouchling almost to the ground, disappear again. Then all the company sits. The light that heats upon the throne from the yellow ceiling of the Chamber shows a memorable group. Seated on the Throne our Sovereign lady this Queen, standing by on right hand the over-faithfu Princess Beatrice, behind her the Duchess of Buc clough, Mistress of the Robes; further to the right the Prince of Wales is rseted, on his left the Lord Chancellor, on his right the Marquis of Winchester with the purple " cap of maintenance," and the Duke of Portland bearing the crown. On the Queen's right stands Lord Salisbury, holding the sword of State in his arms like a baby, nearly hidden in the folds of }is robes, not straight up and down, as was Lord Beaconsfield's custom. Behind Lord Salisbury stand the two young. Princes in smart uniforms, and to his left the Lord Great Chamberlain and the Earl jf'Harrowby. Suddenly,-while one is con templating the silent scene, tl~ere is 'a noise of trampling fooeet and banging doors' and loud voices, It draws .nearer and nearer, and one can hear the faithful Commons underneath unshing helter-" skolter,.,ell-mell through the' lobbies, and not ceasing .their unseemly crushing and struggling even in the very presence itself. - Never saw anything so dis graceful in my life," says a dignified policeman afterwards, and one member actually had his watch and chain pulled from his pocket in the row-for it was nothing else. In they come till the space below the-bar is jammed with them, each trying to see over his neighbourhood's head. Really they' seem quite vulgar people after one has boon spending half an hour with a thousand peeresses. Every one laugls-but the Queen, she must be very angry at such riotous conduct? Not at all, a frank, good-natured smile spreads over her face as the Princess Beatrice whispers a little word to her. As soon as all is silent again, the Lord Chancellor kneels and presents the roll of the Speech. The Queen holds it in her hand for an instant, and then returns it to him, with a bow. He rises and reads it, coughing spasmodically until he gets his voice pitched upon the right note. When the word "Ireland" is reached, the gentlest of murmurs rises from noble lips, but with this exception perfect stillncss reigns. The Speech over, the crouching servitor crawls up the stops again, and removes the footstool. Her; Majesty rises, the train-bearer is already in his place, Prince Albert Victor steps gallantly forward and hands his royal grandmother down the steps, and then performs the same service to his royal aunt. As the Queen passes the Prince of Wales, he bows very low in deed,, till his lips touch her hand, and then, humbly bowing at every stop, lihe conducts her. through the red curtains and out of sight. The rest is confusion, and every one makes haste to escape. One thing only.iad been lacking, the sweet presence of the Princess of Wales. 