CHAPTER XXX. " Who makes quiolt una of the moment in a genius of njationoe The whole thing is over in a moment. t Margery, like one stunned, stops back, again behind the shelter of the evergreens, and CJurzon (who too has seen and comprehended all) follows her rapidly, anxiously, in her hasty walk back to the house. Not ik word or algh oaoapos hor, yot lio, loving hoi', iknowa tho agony hor hoart la ondttring, and undor. istanda bub boo well tho dogrodatlon and horror thab ia Ipoasoaalng hor, Hor llpa huvo grown white, and fixed, llior glanuo ia atom, all tho probby, potulant playfulness suoma Ulllod wltlilu hor, and hor breath ooraos hoavlly. Hoi fingers aro so tightly olonohod. around lror fan that he can aoo through tho glovea tho yory shapo of. her n alia, , i , . To Induoo hor to broalc through tlda oruol rosorvo thab ia still doopor. augumontlng hor sorrow, bopomoa to Bollow an lmporallvo duty j and at last, coming to a shndod spot, whore thoy too aro virtually alono, ho lays his hand gently on hor arm and draws hor towards 'him,,. "Won't tako lb , so hardly, darling," , ho says, vory tondprly, though (soorotly rathor anxious as to how his' intorforonoo will bo i'ooolyod. "Will aho roaent lb, and turn from his sympathy coldly ? Thorp Is a pause full of doubt, and .then—all at onoo—M'argory turns to Jiim and. lays,liar lioad upon his breast and bursts into a. nass'fou of boars, • V Oil).Oimon j",o'xalalms sho in a bittor tone, cling ing to him In tlio abandonment of tho momont. « Thoi'o Is a groat doal of unhnppiness In tho world, Margery j but ,you must not tako things to heart as though there wore, no hopo, no romody," Ho 1ms his arms round hor, and as lie speaks ho stoops and prossos his lips softly to hor protty hair, Is ho not hor lovor ? Is sho not to him tho onosacred thing upon onrtk, "How oan wo toll what Muriol wns onduring just now ? Ono cannot, altogether stifle ono's heart boats, and If sho was bidding an otornal farowoll to tho first lovo of hor lifo, wo should fool nothing but pity for hor." Ho Is not ontiroly sure of tho gonulnonoss of tho picture ho has oonjurod up for hor comfort, but ho dreads hor, dwelling too, strongly on tho fear that has evidently ,takon possession of hor. And in truth Muriel's . ghastly, face, and strained, attitude might as readily belong to the guilty woman, as to lior who is.for ovor renouncing tho ono sweet troasuro of hor past. : " Oh.I that 1 could , daro bolievo you," murmurs . Margery, sobbingly. . " But my heart misgives mo I" , Nevertheless she is comforted In a moasuro, and ^presently enters* tho house again with him, unhappy i still, but soothed and softened, and with a faint recog nition of tho fact j that his tenderness has boon very ypleasant to her, All joy to bo derived from her oven-, iingis, however, gone, and she subsides languidly, into a! ffautouil in' an anterooms to wait with listless patience] JEor the momont when Wilhelmina will summon her to' cloak herself and accompany her homo. .Of .two; things she remains ignorant, that Mrs, Daryl has beoni Standing near, tho entrance by which sho regained ,the| ball-room,vand had noticed with wonder the lingoring .traces of distross upon her face, and that Lady Branks smere had followed I hard upon her footsteps, and had re-entered the house almost as she did, and by the same route. ■ >.< . .<■.. ■ . " Muriel had caught sight of her sister on her home s'ward-way,, and told• herself; that -she mover, could bo devoutly grateful enough 'that .the girl had not chanced ' to'see 'her at the fountain as she stood there transfixed with horror of herself, with the'first terrible .touch of despair upon her face,; That Margery had. seen, and ; judged blindly but' oorrectly of the miserable truths 'did not revoal itself to her.. Butevon now as she steps ' again into the brilliant glare of the lamps she, looks round nervously, for the slendor lissome figure,of .the girl, and knows a sense of relief when her eyes fail.to "■ ' meet it;- ■ m.i ^Viihblmina vsho'greets with a'friendly smile, and rhardly'pausing• to notice her expression (which, how ! evoiy is worthy of thought) moves on to whero. the • Jace draperies ''of • the windows form a frame for her. Staines, coming to a standstill behind her, looks round him, and in turn meets Mrs. -Daryl's impressive gaze. ' "Take care !" she whispers in a curious voice j "you rcmomber our compact,'' I will be' silent only so long .. as you give me no cause to speak." :'y. Elated with the sense of "triumph that is still warm within him, he disdains all answer to this"warning,; ' 'only saluting her withnn-almost defiant and ' certainly ironical bow. ■ ■• -. ■ . : " As you will," returns she,: still in a loW'tone,-'.' but ,._at least remember that you are warned 1" ' Ho laughs insolently, and fllokn from his sloovu with an unembarrassed ivlr, a small pilrtlelo of dust. Soma llilng in his manner strikes Oold to the lvoaVt 'iVf tVll |holmlna. la ho ho hiu'o then? Will hot* InlcrfOrundo jbo of no use ? Has it gone ho far aa that? ft itooiVis bo hot1 at this moment that tho othor woman 1h nothing to hoi', .but Margery, tlta will suitor, The memory of tho protty whlto faoo that had pnsscd hot' a few minutes ago returns to Mrs, Daryl with a vividness that la no itualpaln, Tho girl's tondor heart will bo racked and torn for no fault of her own, but because of 1 Sho booomos oonaeious that Stalnos la still gazing ;nt her, with that mocking smile upon his lips, and with 'a last glanoo at him, so full of scorn and hatrod that jib should hava warned him though her words failed, she falls baok onao moro Into tho shadow of the win dow, Stalnos, moving up to Lady Brnnksmoro's sldo, ad drosses her ougorly, No syllable hndpassod between thorn as thoy walked In a strange sllonoo baolc from tho fountain, but now ho ventures to speak. 41 At least do mo tho justloo to understand I did not mean to oJTond you," ho says In a low tone, ropleto with humility.' " What is oftenao ?" tnugos ahoj woarlly. 11 No one, It gooras to rae, hag power to hurt mo, sayo I myself, Yes," turning her largo oyos fully upon him, " I ox onorato you from all blame." ... Her gonorosity should havo disarmed him at least for tlio moment; but suoh vulgar sentiments aro un known to him, ■ . 1 "Ah 1 To bo avro of your forgiveness," he murmursi ongorly. To hor, his oagornoss la but n form of honest, lingering rogret, and.hor oyos: grow softor, kinder, as she wntohes him. " Bo sure then, sho says, very gently., " Givo mo a "proof," entreats he.1; " To-morrow, the others aro all going to the tennis affair at Lady Blounts. Are you, too, going ?" , "No !"■ with a surprised glance ; I have decided against it long ago. Tennis boros mo, But what has that to do with " " To assure iuo of your pardon," interrupts ho quickly, " say you will permit me, too, to sot aside the Invitation for to-morrow, and to aooompany you instead in your afternoon walk, I feel that I have slnnod In your sight. , That, you might In time learn,to look' askanoe at mo ; and all suoh fears mean death 1 But if the coming hours hold out to me some hope, I shall, surmount my fears ;; I shall know there is still life in me. Believe me, 1-shall not sin again, 1" - His whole manner is so doferontial, so humblo, so mild, that she i3 touched by it, • " To-night was a mistake, certainly," she says, ." but, as I havo already told you, I absolve you from all blame. Yes ; to-morrow, if you wish, you can walk with mo." : ■, , She sighs. Indeed ail through her manner thero is a suspicion of mental fatigue. Turning hor faoo from him she looks listlessly around her,, apd as her eyes travel from wall to , wall. she, becomes at last awaTe (that Branksmere is-watching her., from a -distant; doorway .with a burning,.immovable gaze. She starts . visibly, and is conscious of growing nervous and unsettled beneath it. She compels horsolf to sever her glance from his, but presently is drawn back to him in spite of herself to find,that ho has with drawn his scrutiny and is now apparently wrapt in conr tomplation of something at the farthest end of the hall. There is, however, a set expression about his firmly closed lips,, suggest!vo of possibilities hardly wise to develop .before an. admiring. public, and a certain rigidity of jaw that should bo marked dangerous. •He had been aware that the flowers his wifo held were not, thoso sent to her by him from the moment slio had emerged from the cloakroom, but he had been far ,from, imagining whose gift they were until on lightened in a charmingly airy and casual manner by Madame von Thirsk somewhat later on. To the ordi nary observer it would hardly appear that Branksmere was a careful husband, yet the ordinary observer would probably have been astonished could he know with .what precision every movement of his wife is known | to him. And just now he'is chaffing silently beneath I the knowledge that Muriel has spent the last hour in I .Staines'undisputed society amidst tho romantic aoces sories of a moonlit garden. A very tumult ol! mixed passions Is „ That she shall (jivo him an explanation^ (.hi mtnod, But not now, Not tomlght, Ho has wiUui hor, and aotisldorlng to-night's work sho will Will dony him tho lnthrviow ho 1ms clomandcd on 71 row. Already tluv night Is £av spoilt, [„ hours ho wtll bo faoo to Itvoo with hor, and win J| answer to tho questions that nvo olamoittlng (ou anoo. Perhaps ho .is hardly aware with wlm,(l| oamoatnoss his \vl£o is perusing his oountonanco, dark oyos aro UalEI olosod and sullen, and th^. aruolty about his oompvossod lips tlml h J murdovous. Murlol, roadtng him, scos something him that warns hov .it wlU soarooly ho who lobL horaolf into promlnotioo in his sight so long nuhl Staines in hor train, but a mad lit ot wlltulneulnT ibor, and a longing to sound hlm-~to compolhid anawor hor—to sou i£ tho lira so unmistakably j dorlng within him will burst at hor volco Intoa drivoa hor to roach and addross him, • <« it 1b aowarm horo, it stlflos mo I" sho says to3nt| who has boon looking in a contrary direction to J and has not soon Branksmoro In tho crowd at thedj way. " Oomo Into tho hall," She moves slowly through tho thronged room wards the plaaa whore her husband stands, bttu roaches it, she soos ho lms quitted his position, i either booauso of her coming, or for some other g ordinary reason is now moving indolently nwny | her, to the right, towards somo disused rooms,not up in festive array, that still, by moans of the bale outside, have aoooss to the ball room, Possessed by her one idea, now grown obstinate, follows him—with Stalnos always beside her—In side room half lit and void of decoration, that hadb originally intended to make an additional boudoir, at the last had been discarded as superfluous. The a good deal of useless bwlno and wire flung Into corners and almost in the oontre of tho floor ah bar of iron lios, that had boon thrown there, pres ably, whon tho workmon had found no further for it. r Lady Brauksmcro not soolng it in the dim li batches her foot awkwardly In it, and stumbles, sways nervously, and puts out hor arms ns if will involuntarily demand for holp i a little rounded "C of alnrm breaks from her lips, With an exclamation, StalnQ3 springs forward catches her. His lingers close warmly round lovely naked arm, he has forgotton everything but oven tbo dark shades in tho lowor part of the Ho is rudely awakened to tho pre3ont, by an arm coming between him and Lady Branksmcrc^huM backwards to whore the wall chock3 and supp him. , When ho rocovors himself it is to And Broafcuj staring at him with an unpleasantly savage 1 his clai'k, swarthy face. Stnino3 goes down b look,, and stands, panting heavily, against (ho/riej Avail. Lady, Branksmoro has shaken honelf free 'I her husband's grasp, and has moved back from] with a slow, recoiling motion. She has thrown up! small, queenly head, and is regarding him faq Her lips are pale and parted, and Iter breathcq through- them painfully; but hor gase is cnriol steady, and in tho largo doep oyos that biirniobj there is soorn, contempt, and hatred but »<> fvar!. Not a word is apokon. A strange horriblesiii seems to-oppross all throo. At length, when fj grown almost beyond endurance, llrauksuiere bfj it. Ho bursts into a harsh, grating laugh. " I fear, Captain .Staines, that my intcrfererico J rather a' rough ono," ho says, lightly, the ihwgj devil still lurking in his eyes. "Hut when m mombor my excess of zeal aroso out of my#BI'e'^ .Lady Branksmere's safoty, I foil sure yon' my 'seaming discourtesy. Ono or two °'1' J liefs still cling to me. I was absurd enough to «J with' a mocking smile, " that I, as ker husbanc, one to rescue her in—a crisis suob as this. In "deference to the " lurking devil, I disagreeably cm eindent!v, Captain Staines ^ o nowledgment of this curiously worded ap° " I had forgotlun tho strength o£ my iinn, I did not hurt you, I trust?" anya Brankamoro, with a liuigh, alow and oruol, aa ho watuhua the other's dlaoomllturo. In thoro a faint tlirout In Ida words? A warning of what the future may contain Tor tlio lovor who aliall daro to aoma botwoun liliu and It in pouuo ? llo removes hla ga/.o alowly from Stalrioa and bonda It on hla wil'o— who rotiii'iia It haughtily. " Vou'havo oaoapod thIs tlrno," ho aaya, alowly. "Hut if you will pormit mo to ndvlao, I ahould roaoramond you to avoid urifruqiumtod plaooa in thofuturo. Boa ton paths arc tho boat. , And—:—onu may ,trlj) "onoo too' o/tm 1" i i i ; It would bo impoaalblo to, doaorlbo tho rage in liar' oyos as ho finishes this apoooh, ;- v V Sound ndvioo,"abo returns J'n a low, choking.voloo, " May 1 hopo, my lord, that you yourself will tnko It to heart?" A piilo srallo wldoua hor lips for an instant j a very ghost of a amllo. Tlion, as if by mnglo, hor whole humour ohangoa, and alio turna to Stalnoa with tho old, oalm, llatlossnoaa full upon hor. , .'(This way evidently leads no whither," she says, indifferently. " Lot us return to civilisation," ■ Sho sweeps leisurely toward the door by which she had onterod, and once again outers the world of light without. Slowly, with unmoved front, Bho passes down tho long cool hall, dotted here and thore with groups either standing or sitting, who have gladly eaoapod from the heated atmosphere within, to breathe moro freely in the larger space without j past statues gleaming from their artiflolal bowers of sparkling greenery 5 past Margery, pale, with downcast eyes j paat Lord 'Primrose in a shady nook proposing once again to Lady Anne, who once a"gain is giving him an evasive answer, the memory of " poor Arthur " being present with her to-night ; past nil these and many more goes Lady Branksmere, with Staines always be side her, and always with head erect and oalm brow, though in her soul is raging a tumult of passionate wrath that increases rather than dies as the moments go by. ( To he continued) 