HUON REGATTA. Never, probably, has the land of the soft fruit been more highly favoured by the Hobart populace on the occasion of its an- Regatta than it was on New Year's Day, 1886 ; and nevcr also have theHobart people been so highly favoured in regard to means of reaching the district than they were yesterday. The now ,manager of the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company struck out a novel Uno in advertising two of his fine vessels as bound for Shipwright's Point, and his reward was equal to hes en terprise, as both vessels were crowded be- fore the hour of starting arrived, and there were so many more who were axious to go,' but had to bo denied the pleasure tat, had steam been up on the Esk, she would' also have been put in requisition, and temporarily placed on the berth for the Huon. About 1,400 people in all were accommodated on the Mangana and Southern Cross, and had a thoroughly pleasant day on their "desks, the weather being beautifully fine, and the waters of th eDerwent as still as the proverbial millpond, except at the mouth of the Channel on the return journey, where there was the ghost of a swell. The procecdliiga on board wero enlivened by the music of the bands-the Garrison Band, led by Mr. Cripps, in the absence of the Bandmaster Clerke, on one vessel, and the Reserve Band, under Bandmaster Bates, on the other, an excellent and lively selection of music being given by each untiringly. Tlio ground at bhipwiighl'sl Point Jworo its' 'uriuallnp pdai tinco, though the. attendance of the country folk was not^arge. ;When, how- ever, tho excursionista1 'were lauded, tho bush elad slppo became Uko an ant heap in animation. The row of booths wero there with their gay, bunting .floating! in tho broczo and thoio WOB plenty of both-and doing an exciting trade 'which taxed tho energies of the propriotois und their assistants to the utmost. Open house was, also , kept by tho bon. tho 'Treasurer, 'who ( has a i business establishment hard' "'by,' and numbers of tho visitors wero ciiturtaiued in relaya, and regaled with the prpduco of tho district in the shapo of gigantic, fragrant, and oxquiaitcly flavoured mspberries, clotted cream, and othor comes- tibles. The racing waa'brief, but'what thcro was of it was of good quality, and the arrangements, with ono exception, reflect the greatest credit on tho managers. That exception was the total abaonco of pro- grammée, which should bo remedied in futuro, aa not only do thoy givo tho public au'intelligent interest In' the regatta vi hlch, they would not otherwise havo, but with such au attendance their sale would bo a, Î;ieat Bourco of revenue to the committee. Joyond tlio boat accidenta, which were luckily unattended by loss of Ufo- though that waB oiling to Arthur Turnor'a pluck mid presence of mind-nothing occurred to m.ir tho procecdinga of a long and pleasant day. i , ' ' Tho programme, announced to comprlso aoven racca, waB cut down to five events, the exceptions being tho Bargo and Sailing Punto Races, both of which lapsed through want of suflluiont entries. Ono of tho best races of tho progtammo was the Handicap Yacht Raco, but it.was spoilt by tha unfortunate cupsizo of tho second class yacht, Stormbird. This yacht, which was owned and Bailed by Mr. R. Stono, was upset by a sudden south- westerly puff off Regatta Point, and sunk immediately, leaving her crew floundering in tho water. Tho yacht Sunbeam, which was tho leading boat in tho Fiist class Yacht Race, chanced to be In tlio vicinity, and her owner, Mr. Fred. Turner, without any hesitation, at once bore down fur the scene of tho accident, and succeeded in picking up the castaways. Ou reaching tho scone of the disaster it was observed that one of the Stormbird'B crew,' named Watt, was sinking, and both Messrs. F. and Arthur Turner at once took a header off the Sunbeam and swam to his rescue Just as they reached him Watt sank, and Mr. A. Turner dived and brought bim to tho surface, and he was taken on board. The yacht then put about, and made for the shore, the others following her in. TheSunbea m and her pluoky ownor ?wef-o heartily cheered by'the spectators as she sailed past the stand with the Storm birds's orew»on board. -This accident,-of" course, settled all chance of the race being finished. The committee met, 'and "decided , if the yachtsmen could arrange matters ami- cably among|themselves, that they would hand the prize overto Mr. Turner for his plucky action. A difference of opinion, however, seemed to exist, and when the steamer left nothing definite was settled. Just before the Dingy Race was started- a fierce southerly pull struck the Euroka, one of the 21 footers. 'and capsized her. Her crew were, however, saved by a dingy, which at once put off to their rescue. Both the Storm- bird and Eureka lay where they 'sunk, and steps will be taken to-day to, raise them The Dingy Race, the chief bone of conten- tion of which was a handesome silver oup, presented by the Hon. W. H. Burgess, was won by Mr. D. Durkie's Cygnet. The All Comers Race ,was a simple .walkover for tho Pillings, who'won as they liked. ( ¡ " ' DINGY RACE. ' ' Not¡ exceeding 21ft, in longth. To carry any sails (excepting topsails). ' Each boat can cany four hands, oach of whom must woar a lifo-Uolt.' Timo allowance, ¿min, to tho foot. Anything over (Jin. to bo considered a foot. Fuat prizo, £0 and Cup (inosontod , by the Hon. W. Iii Burgess, M.H.A,) ; second, £4; third, £2. Courso, from .flag ' ship round buoy moored in Cavtlo Foi bos Bay, thonco round a buoy moorod off Hos ' nilal Bay, and back to place of starting. Twice round. Cygnet.(D. Durkio) 1 Mary ... ... ... (J. O'Boirno 2 Eucalyptus . (W. Beed) 3 Eight boatB started iu this race, viz., Eclipso, Blandfordia, Nomad, Mary, Euca- lyptus, Cygnot, Stormbird, and Linda. The Euroka capsized just before tho race, and tho entries wero narrowed down to eight. The EulipBo went away with the lead, with tho Stormbird olose on hor hecla, tho Eucalyptus being third, and tho others in a bunch. All tho boats went up to tho top buoy off Castle Forbes Bay at a rare bat, the buoy being rounded by Eclipso 10sec. ahead of Eucalyptus, and IGseo. ahead of Mary, the others following in a cluster. LoaaingdownEucalyptus crept upon Eclipso, and passing tho flagship tho Mary went to the front, whilst the Cygnot improved her position somewhat. The buoy off Hospital Bay was rounded, Mary, 1 ; Eclipso, 2 ; Cygnet, 3. On the run down the Cygnet further lessened the gap botween hor and the Mary, and a hot contest ensued between theso boats for promier poiition, the result being as above. AIA-COMERS' BACK, Rowing in four-oared boats not exceeding 20ft. First prizo, £20 ; second, £7. Course, from flagship round buoy in Castle Forbos Bay, thonco round a buoy moored off Hos- pital Bay, and back to placo of starting. Twico round. Kermandie Belle.-Crew : O. Russell, J. Doody, T. Pilling, 0. Pilling . .,.. T.Abel (cox.) 1 Sawdust.-Crew: J. Lewis, J. Phillips, J. Holme, T. Lewis ..A. Lumsdon (cox.) 2 Shipwrights' Bollo.-Crow : J. Russell, T. Ooarns, E. Garth, J. Connors . . - Fitzpatrick (cox.) 0 Huon Belle.-Grow: P. Markham, J. Oakfoid, W. Oakford, 0. Markham ... . J. Sykos (cox.) 0 A great deal of interest was centred in this race, each crew having its numerous baokcrs. From an outside point of view the raco was simply looked upon as a trial of strength botweon the Oakfords and Pillings) but, as it turned out, it was a complote boil over. A good start was effectod, tho Shipwright? Bolle , haviug, , if anything, the best of it. , Rounding of Castle.Forbes Bay tho order was-Ker- mandie Bollo, Sawdust, Huon Bolle, Ship-. wrights' Belle. All the boats carno down at l » terrific rote put the fl*gihip, the Pilling« I leading about ti,.. , . ' secondhand Huon 'Mitha, Sawdust being buoy off the Regatta Polít Vt<¿th,rdl ,T'10 Pillings somo five or BÍX length'ftundc'1 ** From this point they had It all" jT.T"00' way and won just na thoy liked, tho" °w" tiona of tho other boats being as above. Tho result of tho raco led to a lot of squabbling amongst tho contestants and their backers as to who wore tho best' ¡nui,, but no bad results followed. . J ' HANDICAP YACHT RACE, Open to allnot oxcoedinir 28ft. on tho water i line. To bo snilod undor the D.S.C. rulos. i First prizo, £15 ; socond, £5 Courso ns in Bargo Race. , Six boats started, vi/,, Mngic, Milly, Mabel, Myrino, Sunbeam, and Terra Linn«. Tho handicap, declared previous to the start, was that the wliolo of tho boats should start from soratoh. Tho Magic went away with tho lead, the Mabel being second, Terra Linne third, Myrino fourth, the Sun boain fifth, Milly last. All the beats Btood on a wind to tho lower buoy, 'off Waterloo Bay, Ncarlug Sale Point the Mabel came upon tho M agio, who got in a ¡patch of calm, tho otlior boats mcanwhilo rapidly closing up. At this point, the wind, which was blowing a regular duster from tho S.W., hoad ed tho boats olf, and two or three short nips had to bo made to enable the boats to gat into the fairway, As each boat stood out in tho opon, ovorything hud to be slacked up to enable them to stand up to their canvas. The lowor buoy waa rounded by tho Sunbeam, Terra Linna, Mabel, Magic, Myrino, Milly. Rounding tho flag- ship the order waa - Sunbeam two minutes ahead of ? the Magio, that boat being the samo distance in advance of the Mabel, tho others following in straggling order. As soon as the Sunbeam 'had breasted Regatta Point, tho Bcooiid-olass yaoht Stormbird capsized, and 'Mr'/ Turner, with admirable seamanship, pitt his boat about and picked up the crow. . " ' " ' i PAIR-OARED JtACE, Honing in four-oared boats not oicoeding |28ft. in longth. First prize, £0; socond, £2. Courso from flagship ' round a'buoy nioorod in Castlo Forbes Bay, thonco round ' ¡buoy moored off Hospital Bay, and back to ' i placo of starting. ¡ , | ,- / ' 1 'No race, owing,to a dispute amongst tho crews. , ; i s / j i I DERBY RACE, Opon to all who havo noyer won a,first prizo I ¡in Tasmania or olsowhoro,' rowing in four ioared boats not exceeding 2Cft. in longth. 'First prizo, £12 ; second, £5. ' Courso as in . ¡All-Oomora' Raco. Old Cedar.-Ciow :' W."Killinboclt,' E. C. ' 'James, R. Doeiiy, J. Doody ... ... 1 Clinnco.-Crow : J. Hoare, J.' McNulty, I IN. Halloran, G. Bannott. II 1. ... r ,\, A. Lumsden'(cox.) 2 Kormaudio Bollo.-Crow : R. Geeves, li. . lAValkor, AV. Davioa, AV. Beech ..., . ... - i I I '.,.'-"'... " .'.. " ... T. Abel (cox.) 3 Huon Bollo.-Crow : J. ,Dillon"T. Malin, ! ,T. Dillon, 'J. Malin '.!. 'J. Sykes (cox.) 0 ¡Tilia was a good raco for part of the. courso. Tho ''Chance '.ultimately"won by" about 20 lengths,! tho sama distance separa- ting sccond'and third boat. ' ' ' . ' ', 