CHAPTER III. FINISHES THE SUPPER, AND THEREFORE GOGGLES' BABY. HALF-PAST seven in the evening, and Claptrap Road had almost subsided into its usual quietude, when the grow- ing silence was broken by the sounds of a distant street organ and the sweeter strains of a string band, which band' appeared to be in or about Dorking Villa. Let us open the small iron gate, traverse the gravel walk, and, after surveying our face and shirt-front by the aid of the hall lamp and a pocket looking-glass, carried for the purpose, ring the bell, and be ushered into the prettiest little drawing-room in the world ; arrived there, let us pay our duty to the genial host and hostess, not forgetting to kiss the twins, but more especially remembering the baby, and then, after having shaken hands with all the people we know and bowed to all we don't, seek the most obscure corner in the room, where, safoly and snugly seated we may observe every- thing going on upstairs, and hear the jokes and corks going off downstairs, and the delightful clink of decanters, and the gurgling souud that informs us they are being filled, the clatter of plates, and all the other noises telling plainly of the good time to come, and the good temper and happiness everywhere. Glancing round the room we see Goggles, and have no doubt that he is relating to the sour looking gentleman in the wig and spectacles some amusing anecdote, the sour looking gentleman relaxing his features into the ghost of a smile, and otherwise showing his appreciation of Goggles' conversation. Meanwhile Mrs. Goggles entertains the prim little old lady and a select half- dozen of her most intimate friends ; and if we may judge from the few sentences we could not help hearing above the noise of the string band, the conversation embraced all the technicalities relating to marriages, births, christenings, and so forth, interspersed with a great deal of information connected with the matrimonial affairs of absent friends. And everybody looks happy, except the four young gentlemen in the opposite corner, who look very miser- able and very much like the unfortunate fish who jumped out of his native element ; however, as the young ladies gather their forces together, and flash bright suggestions from their eyes of amore'appropriatelightin the garden, the four young gentlemen are observed to grow par- ticularly restless, and, finally, acting on the advice of the more courageous, are seen to vanish with the afore- said young ladies from the room, and (we presume) lose no time in reaching the garden. And the happiness is kept up, and the string band keeps playing on, and the jokes keep going off, and the awkward people who will dance keep going down and their giddy heads will keep going round, and everyone appears to be entirely satisfied with everybody else, and all appear in the best of good spirits, and therefore to very great advantage. Then the admiring matrons crowded about the baby, and Mrs. Mably, guarding it's face from being smothered by gushing young ladies, and the three inquisitive young ladies who steal into the next room just to look at baby's things, and the two small boys who steal downstairs to the supper-room, and there steal divers tarts and sweet- meats, and glances of apprehension at the big waiters with their coats off, and their shirt-sleeves up, and their busiest humour on, and who are preparing supper. And then the supper-and such a supper-colored jellies, trembling like the very young ladies themselves ; and a prodigious turkey (cold), surrounded by parsley, and guests with good appetites ; and fowls, some tender and others tough enough to have rendered their lives sacred ; and cakes, and tongues, and hams, and fruit, and bon- bons, with little inside them, and wine, and cracking of jokes and drumsticks ; and, finally, the cracking of some of the best wine glasses, and the compliments, and fine speeches ; and the bilious looking relation, who ate of everything, and drank until his face shone again, and his eyes appeared as moist as the wine he had been drinking ; and then the speeches that followed- the one from the sour looking gentleman in the wig and spec- tacles, and the funny one from the bilious looking relation, who, perhaps thinking that he had swallowed an unfair share of the drinkables, became suddenly very grave and reflective, and at once dispersed the ominous expression he detected in Goggles' eyes, by making the wittiest and at the same time most complimentary speech of the evening, so funny indeed that the sour looking gen- tleman in the wig and spectacles was observed to laugh, thereby betraying a total absence of back teeth, and so complimentary that Goggles was heard to say " hear, hear !'' on three different occasions during its delivery. Then there was the speech of. Goggles, which con- tained nothing but grave reflections on the duties oi fathers, the happiness to be derived from the contem- plation of the blessed little ones, and the confidence he felt of the happiness experienced by that man who hac a quiver full of such blessings. The bilious looking relative told a friend that Goggles quite outshone himself ; and from what we have seen o: that gentleman, we think the bilious looking relative'! remark most appropriate. Everything must have an end, and the christening o: Goggles' baby, the supper, and the length of thes bil that represented it, prove no exception to the rule. In conclusion, we believe that during the whole of th< following week Mr. Goggles seriously turned the ques tion over in his mind whether there were not mor< attractions at home than at the Doorknocker Club We believe that the question was resolved by Goggle turning over a new leaf and resigning his membershi] in the latter ; and as we had the pleasure of putting ou legs under his dining table the other evening, in spit of our strict attention to the dinner, we could not hel observing that Mrs. Goggles looked almost quite happy and that her face (which was really pretty) had entirel lost all its old haggard expression, there is reason t suppose that the new leaf will take a very long time t fill up. Of one thing we are quite certain, and that is that we distinctly heard Goggles address his wife twic by the affectionate appellation of "my dear" and three times by that of "my love ;" and we are equally certain that after dinner he was guilty of playing blind-man's buff with the twins, and horse or gee-gee with the baby, not to speak of many other absurdities. We are equally positive that all these pleasant changes are, to a great extent, connected with " Goggles' last baby." 