WHAT CAREER FOR TOM? (chambebs's journal.) , what was to be done with him? He had just completed his fifteenth year was famous at cricket and football, rode his I bicycle up and down tha afc>»ncat- I H55 ? fearle88 swimmer, and, indeed, the atbietic Paragon of his schoolmates. But he began to tire of his lessons, and to utter dark confidences to his sisters that 4 Latin would be no use to a fellow when he grew ud that be felc like a loafer as he went along the lauas ts the grammar- school;' that 'Sam Jackson aud Harry Wilde were going to c jluea Easter, and that if papa did not had him something to do, he should perhaps pun away to sea. This last confidence, which was given on a windy night, when the rain plashed most u8-? » afcaina . windows of the ch lit. re a s room, quite alarmed Tooa'a sisters, who were romantic and tender-hearted girls of seventeen and eighteen. They began to cry, and to beg the indignant lad not to do auythiug so dreadful. But the more tbey I petitioned the more stubborn Torn gr«w. Tears and entreaties only hardened him into firmer determination to doff his mortar-board I cap for over. How could he stay at school when his chums, Sam Jackson and Harry I Wild?, hao gone to business? What did girls know of a fellow's vexation at being left with a lot of young boys, not one of whom could hold a bat or keep a goal 1 To sea he would go, unless papa got him some sort of a berth by Easter. Toe poor girls were crying very bitterly, I and the rain throbbed in sympathy against the panes, and Tom stamped up and down I the floor, when his mamma came In. She was much surprised at the scene, for the children were always on tbe best of terras. She was still more surprised, and a little dismayed, when she learned the cause of the scene. Being a prudent and self-restraining woman, however, she did not say much ; and with a few general remarks ' that of course all boys must go to business in due time,' she terminated the painful discussion. After supper, when her husband and self were alone, she startled the good easy man by relating what had taken place. Tom's fa her was the principal doctor of the neigh bourhood, which was so salubrious and so poor that he must have left it long before had he not possessed a little independency, which - kept the family afloat. He was of an indolent turn, getting grey and fat, like his old cob. Want of w»rk, magnificent health, and a managing wife, who took all tbe worries of life off his shoulders, made him oblivious of the yoking world growing round hi9 hearth. He could not imagine that his boy and girls were weaving anticipatory tissues of iheir lives, that these young birds were getting fledged far fligtess far away from the home- nest. So the announcement of Tom's re bellion against school, and his thoughts of evasion, cams oh the doctor as the greatest event he had known for years, 4 Now you mention it, Maria,' said he, when he began to quieten down a bit — 4 now you mention it, Tom is really growings big fellow. He'U be six feet high, if he's an inch, by his twentieth year. And what a square stiff hack he's got ! -He takes after my mother's family ; they were all strapping fellows. Yes, Tom's too big for school. He's like a salmon among minnows among the grammar- school boys. Dear, dear, how lads do grow !' j 4 Yes, yes,' broke in Tom's mother, a little tartly— she had a temper of her own, as all managing women have — 4 Tom is big, and will be bisger; that goes without the saving. But what is to be done for the poor boy? What career do you propose for bim ?' 4 Upon my life, I haven't the ghost of an idea, Maria. Now you have brought this matter on the carpet, it reealls a good deal I have heard of late. When I was at Bimpson's the other day, attending his wife of her seventh boy, Simpson said to me, over a glass of wine : " Doctor, he is a fine child, I admit; but how he'll get bread and cheese, if he lives, I can't even guess at all." And the poor fellow broke out into qnUe a jeremiad over the redundancy of boys jut now. He has three lads Wiiting for careers, and the deuce an opening can he find ! Then there is Clumpir. the wheelwright — you know Clumpir-. Maria? Well, I've been attending him for hypochondria. He can find nothing suitable for his eldest eon; and it p»reys or. his mind, j because the mother won't let him go away from home to try his luck in some of the big I towns. And old Burrows met me the other d;y and quite pitifully asked me if I could advise him what to do with his grandson. I was re&lly; sorry for the poor old man. Or coarse, I could not help him.' Tom s mother looked more anxious as tbe doctor went on ramblingly, and at last she said: 4 Ail this leads to nothing Tom must have a career arranged for him by ug, or he will take the matter ia his own hands. I can read his mind ; I know him a great deal better than you, ray dear. What must we do with him?' ' I tell you again, Maria, I have not a ghost of, an idea. Yet I do know one thing — he shall not fc9 a medical man !' Here the doctor relighted Irs cigar, and smoked in frownicg thoughtfulness, nutil Tom's mother said decisively : 4 Weil, if you do not know what is to he done with the dear child, we must ask the opinions of our friends. I, for my part, cannot ailow this subject to drop. It must be taken up and carried out to the needful end I know too well your ea9y-goiog way. Tc-iaorrow you will forget all about poor Tom. I siy, and with emphasis, we- must find a career for our boy. As you have rio ideas, I shall write to such of our friends ss have experience of the world, and ask them either to advise us by coming over h?re to a sorb of family council, or else to tell us by letter. . Your connections and mine have among them a great deal of experience. They know what prospects there are for the rising generation better than we can know, in this out-of-the-way place. So I I tell you, my dear, ray mind's made up, and to- | morrow I will write the letters.' ! 4 You are a genius, Maria, as I've often told yon. " I believe you would get us out. of any hobble, however formidable. I haven't ibe ghost of an idea, and you have the ideas themselves, heaps of them. Write, my dear, to all our relations that are likely to be of help to us, and we shall soon find a billet for Tom. God bless him ! he is a good and clever lad, and deaerveB a splendid career. Don't forget my brother John ; as & London lawyer, he will be a host of advice in himself. And be aure to ask your cousin Richard, the parson ; -be has always been fond of Tom, and, besides, he's the sbrewdeBt follow I kno w, notwithstanding his clotb. He ought to have been a barrister ; but, as that cannot be, he ought to be a bishop. How he would rule a diocese, Maria !' In the course of a few weeks, the family council assembled, fer tbe doctor was really j much beloved by all his connections ; and his j wife had so couched her request for advice that it wasquite irresistible. On a keen March day, tinclee, cousins, and friends met ; and after dming at the doctor's hospitable table, they began to consider what career would be most likely to assure Tom of a happy and prosperous future. The reverend cousin presided, at the general request; and he opened the subject a3 follows : 4 When I g »t the letter which has ! r mght me here to-day , I frit its appeal so strongly that I made immediate arangements to be present. Tom has always been an exemplary boy in conduct, though I must sty his progress in the classics is deplorably slow. When I was his age, I read Homer for the pleasure it gave me ; and I had Horace by heart. Now, a scholar Tora will never be ; of that I have satisfied itit self before dinner in a private talk with him. Well the ground is so far cleared. Tom cannot be a scholar, ergo, he cannot be a clergyman ; for of all tbings inappropriate, in "my opinion, the extreme is au ignorant divine. In my pro fession, one ought to be steeped in Greek, per meated with Latin, and saturated with Hebrew. But even if Tom were a born student and of a serious order of mind, I could not advise his parents to devote him to the cburcb. Something like a blank fell oa Tom's mother at the emphatic closure of the reverend cousin's speech, She had hoped that Tom might have gone to Oxford, as other grammar-school boys had done, and thence to some pretty rectory as a rural par son. While she sat in silent depression, the restof the company talkedinlii-tlsknots, until the reverend president shopped them by say ing : 'Now, Uncle John, I call upon you. No one is better able to say if the law promises fame and fortune for the rising generation, as it has done for the past generations since Cicero's time. Shall we make Tom an attorney or abarrister ?' 4 1 am flattered by the manner you esteem my humble abilities,' answered Uncle John. 4 It is a strange coincidence of thought. I have also coins down from town expressly to deprecate the putting of our you: g hopeful to my profession. I believe I could lay my reasons before my brother and bis good wife better by a few spoken words, than by any extent of correspondence ; eo I took an early train. Tom must not be a lawyer. Why, I proceed as briefly as I can to explain. First, the profession is more crowded than the market-place. Second, the crowd is daily increasing, because almost every family of the middle classes that has thriven during the pest twenty or thirty years is sending a boy into a solicitor's office. The business is supposed to l>9 very lucrative, and it is esteemed highly respectable, which allures the parvenu mind. As to the fiction of the law being a lucrative pursuit, I cannot understand how it originated, atill less how it is maintained. A few solicitors, with quite exceptional luck and good connections, may attain to opulence But the rank and file of tbe profession merely earn a decent livelihood. If you want to know what fortune does for lawyers in England, read the reports of wills and bequests in the newspapers. While these are telling ua of manufacturing, bank ing, and trading millionaires dying in all parts of the country, they rarely record the demise of a lawyer worth twenty thousand pounds. No, no ; tbe law is not a money- making trade. But it will be still lees so, and that is why I warn Tom's parents against ! 4 Let me elaborate a little. Since I was put on the rolls, Law Reform, as it is pleasantly called by certain politician?, has been hack ing away at our fees continually, until now certain branches of tbe profession are no longer remunerative at all. County courts, for instance, have deprived me of hundreds a year. The Judicature Act has damaged my practice stiff more seriously. However, I am not here to dwell upon my own misfortunes, bat- to prevent my nephew Tom from having worse, by following in my footsteps. Past law reforms are trifles to what are coming ! In a few years, the most respectable arid valuable department of my profession will be simply worthless. -I refrr to conveyancing. Even now it is sadly shorn of ir.a former pro fitableness. Soon it will be non est. Regis tration of titles is bound to come ; with it goes the old system of mortgage deeds and all the costly methods of land transfer. As in America aud the colonies, the trausfer of real estate will be merely the business of Govern ment officials, and the vendor, and purchaser; lawyers will be eliminated from such transactions altogether. Then, -as regards commercial cases, Chambers of Com merce will go on with their simple methods of arbitration, until at last the courts will hear no more of traders' contentions than if Such did not ex«s. 4 List and worst of all, there is growing a steady abhorrence of legal conflicts ia all rank- and classes. When I was apprenticed, even the poorest fellow would rush into law against a neighbour or relative with the greatest confidence ; ay, and be rained with a sort of grim satisfaction. In those days, everybody delighted in law. Now, if I am not vastly wide of the mark, men will submit to the rankest frauds and personal assaults as meekly as the most abject Asiatics. Yes, really, the English race, once litigious to a degree, is positively afraid of entering upon the most trumpery Buit in the inferior courts. Finally, the lowest of our business, that of the criminal courts, ia dwindling -into insig nificance. Judges are holi day-making in maiden assizes all over tbe country ; po'ice stipendiaries are becoming siueccriais, and aa eoon as the teetotallers have raade another million or two of converts, the income of legal men from criminals will be nil. What with popular education, milder manners, law reforms, land reform-, nnd the rest, no man would think of putting a youngster into the fast-decaying legal profession.' Uncle John spoke with such evident aud crushing sincerity that Tom's father and mother uttered a simultaneous groan as he finished ; and for a few minutes eomefchiug like consternation kept all silent. But the reverend president did not forget bis duly, and afterwards resumed in these terms My dear friend®, I am eure we are all greatly indebted to Uncle John for his luminous remarks upon the actual and coming condition of the profession, of which he is so distinguished a member Of course, our dear Tom cannot be a lawier. Let us, therefore, proceed with our deliberations into another professional avenue; after the law, medicine comes, according to established usage. Tell us, therefore, my dear doctor, why you do not think of devoting Tom to your own pursuit ? Of that, you must have far clearer and more accurate knowledge than any other person here present. Knowing how hopeless the Church and tbe L&w; are, do you cot think it best to train Tom to succeed to your own practice ?' 4 1 ceitainly am greatly surprised at what I have just heard of the degenerate state of two noble professions,' said Tom's father; 'indeed, I may express myself as stunned by the revelations. Yet, I do not think that tbe future of tb© Church and the Law is bo discouraging as that- of medicine. If I saw the ghost of a prospect for my hoy as a doctor, £ would' not have put you to the trouble you have so kindly taken to couae he re and advise me. It Is my solemn conviction that in a few years general .pracfciotWra in irisdiciae— and char means ninety-nine oni of eery hundred doctors in this country— will not gain salt. A few men of supreme ability in medicine will have that, department of the profession to themselves;' a few more will have the surgical. For the good old family doctor, there will be no place in the new house that John Bull ia going to buUd. You smile, dear friends, at my simile ; but the prospect is not amusing to me. Uncle Johu tells us that his profession is crowded, and that 44 the cry is stillhey come." Yes, but they are men that come to the Liw ; whereas, women are swarming into our profession. Think of that, good folks ! Realise what it means for the men-doctors of the next generation. All our practice among children aud women will go to the doctoresses, as a matter of course. Women are naturally fitted for attending upon their own sex, and are, if truly feminine, born medicos Now that they have proved themselves equal to all the tes+s of the continental dissecting-rooms and to brazen out the lectures, aud now that they are taking such brilliant degrees, I, for one, throw up the same, and say, place aux dames ! 4 Just think ! there are nearly a million more women than men in these happy islands, and they are all bound to live. And accentuate the thought by my assurance that there is no one so ambitious aud remorsele-s in professional competition as & clever woman ! While our male medical students are dissipating, idling, fooling, as. they have always done since Hippocratea's days, their lady rivals are preparing to puzzle a John Hunter, a Claude Bernard, a Bichat, or any savaut living or dead. I prophesy that, before the end of this century, -women will sit in moat of tbe high places of the medical profession. They have Keener wits than men ; they are more moral, more industrious, more sympathetic. But I leave this part of the subject for another and more dUcourasing sff 11 — people are beginning to be their own doctors / When I wasayouog man, few persons were bold enough to quack themselves. Now there, are millions swallowing homoeopathic pills and tinctures, and diagnosing their own ailments them selves ! Add to them the ether millions who feed themselves on p¢ medicines, and, I tell you, the field for operation is alarmingly diminishing for doctors of either sex. Nor have I yet unfolded more than a fraction of my sorrowful tale. Other multitudes, who, by all that is fair in social life, instead of following the good old plan of sending for the doctor when they have eaten, drunk, and worked, or pleasured too freely, now bolt away to some hydropathic palace, and posi tively turn a fit of sickness into a spell of luxury ! Talk about the Sybarites of old ! Go rather aod look at oar own, 4 packed,' shampooed, handled, dandled in the vast number of our hydropathic 4 Halls of Idle ness' and sensuous convalescing sanatoria ! Do not stay to deplore these lapses from the stern old British methods of phlebotomy, leeching, purging, and partaking of all that was nauseous, but receive my most startling confidence— the public don't believe in us as of old J 4 You, my reverend cousin, have dissuaded us from educating Tom for your own profes sion ; but that profession is still better than mine, for your benefice will benefit you to the end of life, while my fees are growing so steadilv less that they will soon touch zero. You, Uncle John, draw a fearful picture of a non-litigious England ; and I felt for you as you drew it. Yet my clients are more pig headed. Yours won't go to law ; mine won't go to the doctor. Yes, I have at last reached the nethermost depth— the public will not sicken-as it used to do. When I was walking the hospitals, zy mo tics were as regular as tbe tides ; and, all the year round, fevers and agueB went their profitable course. Every body had a bad cold at least once in the winter. Gout and rheumatism were solid annnities to most of us. Broken limbs were fnirly common enough in most families. In short, as the proverb ran. ' tbe doctor was never ont of the house.' Alas, aU that has gone! People take such ridiculous care of themselves; 'sanitation' is the chatter of every nincompoop ; and the fuss about clean cowsheds, r-ure water, pure air, and the rest, ia cutting off the doctor's income at the roots. Have I said enough, dear friends, to prove to you that Torn cannot be a doctor ?' Tom's father fell into his chair overcome wiffi hi3 own rhftric; Tom's mother furtively wiped two tributary tears from her eyes ; the revereud cousin looked at the ceding inquiringly ; Uncle John frowned sardonically. IJiiCfr Lucas, the farmer, who had listened in puzzled bewilderment to the recitals of bis relatives, now got leisurely on to his feet, and broke in thus : ' Well, well, it's all over with gentlefolks, too, it. seems to me. I thought everybody was thriving but the poor farmers, and now I learn that our betters are no better off than ourselves ! When our father made roe a f irmer againet my inclination, I thought be was unfair. He had made you elder lads into gentlemen, and I felt slighted at being left amohg the clodpolis in the village. But I begin to think I shall have the best of it after all. I am in no trouble to find careers for my two lad3 and three lassies, Since tbe labourers have begun skulk over their work and to ask twice as much wages, I h we taken the lads to help me. Well, we've pulled through a troublesome and disheartening time; and what's more, we've learned a lot. I tell you, we ve found out how to make farm ing pay — by doing it ourselves ; the lads in the fields, and the girls in the bouse and dairy. W ti've had to take hold of the rough end oj: the etick, truly. The girls had to give up many of the fal-lals that young ladies learn at boarding-school ; and the boys had to wear corduroy and hobnailed shoes. But they are cone the worse for the case-hardening they've got. Finer lads don't live in the shire ; and as to the girls, they're as blithe as the birdB ; and that, I reckon, is as good a test of con tentment as you can get. Now, brother doctor, let me advise you what to do with your son Tom. The Church, the Law, and Medicine all shut their doors in his face. Open the gate of a field and turn bim in to pick up what pasture he can find ; and my word for it, he'il not die of hnnger. Lock at bis big limbs and bis love of action ! Why, he is built for a husbandman. Even if you could pnt him to some gentlemanly way of making a living in town, he would not be so happy and so healthy as in the country. When he comes to spend a few days with us, the lad is in bis element, and works with his cousins right handily. Pat bim in a field, brother ; put him in a field. Uncle Lucas quite astonished his more cultured relatives by his long speech ; still more, by the almost pathetic earnestness of his appeal.. The reverend cousin, who had smiled com passionately at the rude beginning of the harangue,- grew attentive as it went on ; and at the end, clapped his hands approvingly. 4Jlravo.p Uncle Lucas !' he cried ; 4 thou art — ' - .y i the one wise man amongst us. A.farmer i$t Tom be, doctor. Churches may fall, legal . systems vanish, the healing art be substituted by universal hygiene, but the tillage of the land uiust ever demand tillers. During the period of change that has set in bo strongly, let as Bee what remains least affected by the mutations of time and circumstances While man lives on earth he must eat ; and tbe pur veyor of food, therefore, has a first lien upon all the productions of society. I: flashed into my mind, as Uncle Lucas was speaking, that perhsp3 the greatest result of all the metamorphoses going cn will be the sublimation of husbandry. From the beginning, it has been regarded as an inferior career, and has to a certain degree been Bhunned. The age of Feudalism has gone ; the age of Gentility is going ; the real age of Utility is coining. When it is established, the husbandman will be duly honoured and duly rewarded, as the pre eminent citizen, as the venerated conduit through whose limbs and brain tht daily bread flows for which we are bidden to pray.' A pause followed, during which Tom's fa- her began to smile hopefully, and hie . mother regained serenity. 'We educated men,' said the reverend cousin, concluding the busies, 4 have not done our duty by your class. Uncle Lucss We have kept our intellectual children from your business, to the great retardation of agricultural science. Now that tbe professions are no longer profitable, we shall send some of our best youth to your pursuits. We will begin with Tom. In the fields he will find a career open to every talent that Providence has endowed him with.' Uncle Luias prevai'ed, and Tom 'was turned into a field.' What the reeult will be in these times of agricultural depression, is a thing of the future. aanaMnam»BaMMSB 