The Advertiser MONDAY, APRIL 26. 1886. The Sewage Farm, which, forms a most important part of the drainage system of Adelaide, has not attracted as much atten- <*> tion as it deserves. Mr. Mestayer, the Hydraulic Engineer, has reported upon it very fully in the two last reports which were published by the Public Works Department. As a mercantile speculation it has not proved a success, although the loss which it exhibits is not of serious moment. The commrative failure re corded is due to tu causes, one of which is that the area of the farm uuder treat ment has not been sufficient to absorb the sewage which is taken into it. The out flow has been very much increased by the storm waters which are received into the sewers. ln the year 1883 4 the daily discharge of the sewage amounted to 1,551,000 gallons, without the addition of rain, and no doubt with the extension of the area to which water from the water works is supplied, the quantity has be come much greater since then. The ar rangement of the farm is as complete as it can be, and with the extensions sug gested by Mr. Mestayer it ought to answer all reasonable expectations ; but it seems that this is not likely to be the case. In the year mentioned there was a scare on the subject of typhoid fever, and a contract for the supply of milk, which certainly would have been pro fitable, was relinquished and the dairy broken up. Thus one source of income was taken away. Then, again, a not unaccountable but still an unrea sonable prejudice against the produce grown at the farm took root in the public mind to au extent which Mr. Mestayer describes as '** almost iacre dible." To such lengths did it. go that firms who purchased largely stipula'x-d that the produce should not be delivered in carta belonging to the farm, because there was a risk of their losing customers if it became known that they sold any thing grown upon or prepared at the Sewage Farm, lt is almost superfluous to say that the manure in ordinary use in farms and gardens differs in a very small degree from the kind of material whicli is used at the Sewage Farm, and that if excreta, which form tlic principal constituents of most manures were dele terious, the crops which have been grown for ages by means of their ?Be ought to have had such immediate and visible effects as to prevent their use altogether. The prejudice against the pioduce of the Sewage Farm docs not appear to have abated. Xt is, according to the Hydraulic Engineer, as "great and as unreasonable as ever," so that the manager of the farm reported that in 1884-6 no market could be obtained for the fi uit. TheHydraulicEngineer,remarkingupoii j this, states that the prejudice is tha more ; unreasonable and surprising, when it is considered that in England, where the sanitary laws are administered if anything in a much more rigorous way than they are in South Australia, and where any ill effects of sewage- grown produce would be more immediately noticed than they can be here, no difficulty whatever is found in disposing of the produce of sewage farms at thehighestmarket prices. Asa matter of fact it is found that at Co vent Garden, the principal market for fruit and vegetables in London, produce which is grown on the sewage farms invariably fetches higher prices than that which is obtained from market gardens. Mr. Mestayer has expressed the opinion that the prejudice would die out, but thus far it is as pronounced as ever, aud it seems to be necessary to let the garden, which has been planted with fruit trees, on lease, because its cultiva tion entails a considerable expense — obviously without any adequate return for the labor and trouble which have been expended ou it. Some suggestions have been made that the .Government should let the whole of the farm so as to obtain a revenue without the expense of cultiva tion. This it appears cannot be done, because the whole of the sewage of Ade laide, which is continually increasing in quantity, must be passed over the land which constitutes the farm. The disposal of the sewage in this way must be carried out in such a manner as not to create a nuisance. lnDrdertoachievethatuecessary end the land must be at the absolute dis posal of .the Government. The report goes on to say that " a farmer would not go to the expense and labor so to distribute the sewage that the land should take the maximum quantity, but he"[would look at the matter from quite a different stand point. He would naturally make his crops a first consideration, and would only turn the sewage on when they required water. For this reason the bulk of the land must be under the control of the Government, which must have the power to turn the sewage on to any part." lt docs not seem probable that, the farm cou!d be let subject to such a couditioiu The ?i*uestioi\ then arises what must be done to get rid of the crops i —because unless tliere are growing crops on all the land which is put under water a nuisance would be created, aud great danger would be caused to the health of the district. We have heard some complaints from people who are working at the railway workshops at Islington^ that at times the smells from the farm are very bad. These complaints, however, have not yet assumed such a magnitude as to necessitate any special action, lf such complaints have a sub stantia foundation there appears to be uo remedy tut to increase the area of the ground over which the sewage must be distiibuted, so as to ensure the rapid absorption of the fluids which come from the drains, and thus reduce the risk of nuisance to a. -minimum. It is now pro posed to pay more attention to the Cat-tun ing of stock, as it will be impossible other wise to get rid of the crops which must be grown. It is stated that unless- crops are grown over the whole of the land in cluded in the farm the danger of nuisance will be veiy great. As Mr. Mestayer points out, a judicious purchase of stock to be fattened on the ground will enable the crops that are raised to be dis posed of in a remunerative manner. At present nothing is known of the intentions of the Government. No doubt the recommendations of the Hydraulic Engineer will be carried into effect. In matters where the public health is at stake nc notions of false economy can be allowed to have any weight. It seems tliat it will be necessary to provide additional fencing to the farm, because it has been found impossible to fatten cattle upon it in its present open condi tion. Against the cost of this there is the set-off'of a saving iu labor, for without the fencing additional hands must be employed to watch the cattle and prevent them from straying over those parts of the farm which are under water. In the meantime something might be done to allay the fears of those who are prejudiced against the produce of the farm itself. A report from the officers of the Central Board of Health and from some of the leading physicians in Adelaide might do much to reassure tliose who fear danger from the use of the fruit and vegetables which are raised there. '1 here can be no doubt that all the produce which comes from the farm is of lirst-class quality; indeed, from specimens we have seen nothing better or liner can be produced in the colony. It is <|i;ite impossible for any casual con sumer to judge whether the produce comes from the farm or not. This fact may be well illustrated by a remark made in the report—" As an in stance of the groundlessness of the pre judice, a firm in Adelaide has on several occasions purchased butter from the j fami, aiid they state tliat their customers | requested to be supplied regularly with the snuie brand, as it was the best butter they had ever tasted. 11 From what has been stated it is quite clear that the prejudice against the means used to raise the pro duce has quite overridden the] merits of the article produced; and it is to be re gretted tliat the dairy, wbich bid fair to be eucli a success, has been broken up. Mr. Mestayer admits that sewage farms as a rule have not been financial successes, but he says that with a fair market and proper provision for distributing the sewage—so as to avoid overdosing tha crops—it may reasonably be anticipated that in a year or two the receipts from the farm ought to be sufficient to pay the cost of uii-iutenance, and contribute some thing towards paying the interest on the capital expended. It would be a matter for regret if all that has been done should be brought to nought through the want of a judicious expenditure sufficient to keep the works in a completely efficient state. Refeuexjk to our advertising columns will show that advantage has beeu taken by a considerable number of persons of the oflcr we made to insert, free of cliarge, advertisements from mechanics and labor ing men under the heading of Wouk Wasted. As the names and addresses of the advertisers are given, a guarantee is so far afforded of good faith, and direct communication may be opened between persons willing to give employment aud the men. If any one is sceptical, after all that bas been said and written, whether there are people out of employ ment who are really willing to work, he can now satisfy himself on the paint. There are many, we are sure, who, though tliey may have some work that they would be glad to have done, allow it to remain undone simply because they do not know exactly where to go for men to do it, , and do not care to take the trouble i to look for them. It would materially , relieve the present depression, and would be a real boon to many poor families, if every one who has a job of one kind or another that wants doing would make a point to get it done at the present junc ture. Repairs and improvements to build ings, fencing, gardening, and other im provements to land, and a dozen other works that will suggest themselves to various persons as needing to be done, ! might be undertaken with advantage both - to employer and employed. Even the j necessity for retrenchment should not be , allowed to weigh too much in reference to * this subject, because in most cases the j outlay will be beneficial to those making ; it, and the present is a time when the \ work will be done more cheaply than in | ordinarily good times. It is both the ! privilege and duty of every one at a time like this to do whatever lies in Ids power to relieve the pressure and mitigate the suifering that are so severely felt by working men and their families. The work provided by the Government has absorbed a good deal of the labor tliat was unemployed, aud unfortunately large numbers of men have had to go to other colonies in the hope of doing better than they could here ; but there still remains a considerable surplus of labor in Adelaide and elsewhere in the colony. The Go vernment relief works are little suited for artisans, and it is among these that perhaps the greatest " need exists for assistance in the shape of work. There are many proofs given from time to time of the independence tliat welcomes work but shrinks from charity, and tliis is a spirit that every one should take pains to encourage, for upon it will largely depend the future social conditions of the people of this country. One of the very worst results that could follow from depression and bad times would be the cultivation of the pauper spirit and pauper habits; and the problem how to prevent this just now is one which large numbers of persons can help to solve if only they wilL In the English papers received by the last mail there are reports which show that the scarcity of employment that has already so painfully attracted attention continues in the old country, and that the agitation which unfortunately commenced with such riotous accompaniments is being maintained, but conducted in a more moderate and law-abiding fashion. Some of the meetings held seem, indeed, to have had quite a striking resemblance to similar meetings recently held in Ade laide, so far as the suggestions for remedies are concerned. Thus, while working men in South Australia were urging the Government to proceed with public works which thould absorb the surplus labor of the colony, in England working men were calling *" upon both Houses of Parliament to facilitate the passing of private measures, such as railways, docks, canals, subways, and other great works of public utility, which would have the effect of supplying work and wages for hundreds of thousands of workmen." While in Adelaide some agitators were taking advantage of the sufferings of the unemployed to induce them to listen to suggestions of riot and violence, in London other agitators were with ill-concealed pleasure referring to the riots that had taken place, and hinting that under certain conditions a resort to further acts of the same kind might forward the interests of the poor classes. There, as here, Socialists were to the fore wherever they could get a footing and a hearing ; and while on this side of the world Mr. Clements was proclaiming that ' protection was humbug, and free-trade was humbug," and that land nationalisa tion presented the grand panacea for all our misfortunes, Mr. Champion, one of the defendants in the recent prosecution for sedition, on the other side of the globe was declaring that " the condition of the poor was not to be improved by mere political changes, nor by free-trade or fair-trade, because in countries where protection existed there were similar misery and poverty as in England. He attributed the existing misery among the working classes to the fact that the land, the wealth, and the means of production were in the hands of a very few people." But this hot-headed Socialist went farther than any of the " leaders of the people" here went, as will be seen from the fol lowing choice quotation from his speech : —"Three-fourths of the whole of the wealth in Great Britain were owned by 220,000 families, and giving five to a family this meant no more than a million and a quarter persons. A prosecution was then hanging over his head ; yet, speaking as soberly as he could, he would tell them that if he thought the miserable system under which they lived and all its attendant horrors could be done away with to-morrow by cutting the throats of that million and a quarter people who took so much more than their share of the bounties of nature, he would, if it was possible, do it with his own hand that minute." It is scarcely necessary that we should make any comment on this, as all sensible people will know what comment to make. A great deal has been said here in pro test against so low a rate of wages as 4s. Od. per day, even for works undertaken witli the special object of relieving the de pression, and we have ourselves pleaded for a slightly increased rate of pay. But to persons with Australian ideas of the value of labor it is somewhat startling to read of a number of the unemployed in London waiting upon the magistrate at the Clerkenwell Police Court witli a state ment that they had been working at the special relief stoneyard at Leighton-road, established by the vestry, there receiving 8d., 9d., and 10d. per day for stone-break ing and oakum-picking. These men com plained that they had not received any assistance from the Mansion-House relief fund, though they liad sent written appli cations to the local committee through the relieving officer. Mr. Barstow, the magis trate, undertook to direct attention to their complaiut, but the result was scarcely such as they could have desired. *\We are told that later in the day the re lieving officer appeared before Mr. Barstow and explained that all the application papers had been forwarded to the proper quarter, but on in vestigation the Mansion- House fund committee had cot thought the cases wortliy of support. "In nearly all the cases the men had for years been partly supported by the parish, aud they were men who, if they had work, did not pro perly attend to it, and so got discharged." It appears that a good deal of dissatisfac tion is felt at tbe way iu which the Mansion-House fund has beeu distributed; but peih&ps; with so many demands upon the fund any other distribution Wtfold ; have been equally liable to give umbrage.* ? It is impossible to read the records of tiie ! distress in England without feeling it a i positive relief to turn again to South Australia even at the present crisis of anxiety and distress. The Daily News, basing a leader on a letter from a cor respondent in Queensland, who sends a newspaper cutting showing the rate of wages given in that colony for various classes of labor, says—"The tariff of wages current in Queensland, forwarded by a Brisbane correspondent, and printed ! in another column, will have a tendency > to make the mouths of British mechanics | water," and proceeds in a half-mock \ ing style to contrast the rate of ! wages with that in England. On the whole, however, something more than. ; justice is done to Queensland, for while ' the wage-rate is accepted as correct—and, | what is more, attainable—it is stated that, ) with the single exception of house rent, i living is as cheap in the colony as in Eng land. The fly in the ointment, however, in the opinion of the Dally News is, that the colonies " are subject to vicissitudes of a singularly sudden and severe cha racter ;" and the experience of South Aus tralia is referred to as a case in point. Further, it is remarked that the capabi lity of a colony, which has "a population not amounting to a quarter of a million of souls" to absorb immigrants must be cir cumscribed. The contrast, however, be tween the condition of things among the working classes in England and those in Australia is striking enough, and is so drawn as to suggest that the colonists may regard themselves as singularly fortunate. Fatter Monday is the day at Eisteitide devoted almost entirely tu pleasure, and lit is not therefore surprising that a laige number of attractions should be brought forward. Toe pi-incij-al event to-day will be the popular rases at Onk-ijiaiinga, and it is expected that the attendance will be very large indeed. A picnic in connection with the Catholic Orphanage will take vlace on the Kensington Oval, and doubt less this fa vi rite resort will be well patronised In the evening there will ba a concert in con nection with the picnic The Norwood and South Adelaide Football Clubs will try conclusions on the Adelaide Oval in the after noon, and tLis being the first important match of the seaton great interest will be taken in it. The first annual prize meeting of the Unley, Gotdivood, and Park-ide Rifle Company will take place at Sir Samuel Davenport's range. The steamer Ariel will leave the Robinson biidge, Pert Adelaide, in the morning for the Cuif fikhing grounds. In the evening there is sure to be a large house tn witness the re opening of the Theatre Boyal with the panto mime of "Cinderella." The Indian Tourist Company will give their entertainment at Garner's Rooms. An Easter sports social in connection -with the Caledaniau Society will take p'ace in the Albert Ball, Pirie-street. Tea and public meetings will be held in con cectun with the Alitch∈ Primitive Metho dist Church and the Christian Crusaders Mr. Booth will address a ineeting in the To urn Hall. The R.M.S. Carthage came up and dropped anchor off Glenelg in splendid iveatherat 3 o'clock r.ii Saturday morning, and the mul was delivered at the Geceial Post-Office, Adelaide, at 4.15. The morning, albeit frcezingly cold, was a line one, the clear moonlight making lamps unnecessary. The lighters were en abhd to get alongside at once and tranship cargo, the sea being quite smooth and forming a niark<-d contrast to the experiences along-side the Sutlej 24 hours before. The Sutlej did sot get away till 4 p.m. on Friday. The Carthage sailed at noon on Satur day. She left Gravesend March 11, and arrived at Malta on March 19; sailed from Malta on the same day, and arrived at Port Said on March 22. She entered the Suez Canal at S p in., having on board an apparatus fitted as an experiment for pis-ring vessels through the canal at night, thus avoiding the hitherto unavoidable detention of one or two nights at least in the canal. It con sisted of an electric light placed on a stage near the water orer the bows, and two electric sidelights for lighting np the banks of the canal. The trial proved highly satisfactory, the Carthage being only 18 hours in the canal, including two hours' detention by dredgers, &c; Steaming time was nine hours in tie dark and seven hours by daylight. A number of canal officials who joined the vessel at Port Said and remained on deck throughout the night were unanimous in praising the arrangements and results. Fine weather had been expe rienced nearly throughout the voyage, the northerly wiifds prevailing in the Red Sea made the temperature quite pleasant. After leaving Colombo the usual bead winds were encountered, bnt were not sufficiently strong to Fender them disagreeable. From Albiny until neai ing Kangaroo Island it blew a strong westerly gale, which caused some dis comfort to passengers on account of tiie very heavy sea. The ship, however, suffered only in tfae loss of some canvas. There has been one death —that of Mr. BL C. Kenward, first class passenger, the day after leaving Colombo. He had been an invalid for some time, and hoped to benefit his health by making a voyage to Australia. The cause of death was "diabetic coma." The first batch of advertisements under the heading of "Work Wanted" appears in the present issue on the eighth page. We regret to state that an accident occurred to the lion. J. B. Spence (Commissioner of Public Works) on Thursday evening. From what we can leain, Mr. Spence was knocked down by a cab, but bis injuries are not serious. On Tuesday next the solicitors of the Y.M.C.A., Messrs. Fleming, Boucaut, and Ashton, wiil lay an information against Alex. Walter fur embezzling the funds of that insti tution. Tbe following is an extract from a letter received by the hon. treasurer of the Boys" Brigade from his Honor Chief Justice Way thriugh Mr. Gordon Castle, his associate: — "'DmiDg the invebtigatiuns of tht Destitute Comn.issiin the Chief Justice was pained to find that a large number of the inmates uf the so-called Keformatory Hulk were lads who had Ijeen engaged in retailing newspapers, &c;, on the streets. He did not feel at liberty to make a special recommendation prohibiting this employment for boys—first, because of the ies|onEibihiy ef interfering with almost the only means l.y whicli young children can assist in llie support of thtir families when io poverty: and, secondly, because although it must Le admitted that employment in street tiaffie is demon uiug to uuiny children en gaged in it he was not convinced that the cases at the hulk were proved, so far as their convic t i-on was concerned, to be * propter hoc' as ivell as *j>cst hoc.' He considers the project of the Boys' Brieade most admirably conceived, and withes it every success." An accident occurred on Saturday evening to one of Messis. HUI& Co.'s coaches, which had conveyed Messrs. Lydcy & Hitcliffe's employes to Heir annual picnic at Coro mandel Valley. The coash had reached the Central Post4Jitice at about 7 o'clock in the evening, when -several of the occupants a-sked the envtr to proceed along the west side of A'ietu-ia-squ-uctoUouger- street. The driver did so. and at the interx'Cti'.n of Grote-strett and Victoria-square he drove into a large ex cavation in tlu- thoroughfare which had been made by the Car- Company for the puqwseof n*i airing the gas mains. The hole is about 2| feet wide by four ftet deep, and extends half way across the read. At night four lamps aue placed on this to warn approaching vehicles of danger. But the driver, mistaking Uie passage, steered his horses right into the drain. The consequence vas that the coach was imme diately bronght to a standstill; by some un accountable means four out of the five horses . ell into tbe narrow opening, the pole of the coach broke off, and the harness was com pleted- ruined. Kone of the passengers were thrown off. Tliey, assisted by the bystanders, set to v.uik to release the inimals from their unusual situation, and \- fter tw<* hour.-' bard work succeeded ia doing so. One of the horses was very severely njurtd. while the other* were more or less hurt. The police-constable who was on duty iu the neighburlioud of the accident states that he saw the driver was proceeding iu a rather reckh ss manner towards the obstacle, and tlut he warned him, but instead of taking notice of bis caution he deliberately drove into the hole. He also :iisertsthatthedriverwasuotsober,au*] notin a condition todriveacoachwithfivchorsea. A correft?udent who witnessed the accident writes acquitting tbe driver of all blame, and ra} ?** tbat the mishap arose from the manner in .which the lights at the excavations were pla.-ed, oLe being in the middle of the road, and the others at the corneis of Grote-strett and Vic toria-square. Tbe foliowiug iiasseiigers are boolied by the Misesgeiies Matitimes steamer Caledonien, which leaves Largs Buy for Marseilles tills bfteixiHii : - Mr. and Mre. W. Bond, Mr. ani Mi**- J. A. Chattier, Mr. W. Websr, Mr. an* Mis. Hei but ,1 allies, Mr. and Mrs. J. Ellis asd two chi-dR-u, Mrs. Crooks and four ? iiildnii, Meaws. John Bennett, H. A. J AHlIir, Steihato, Alberts, aud George Bel I'm in. The steamer Governor Musgrave left Port Adelaide on Saturday towing the dredger Sarnia, whidi she is taking back to Port Pirie, *"????? dredger having undergone thorough ?ySjMirA. We are informed that several ratepayers of Grey ward recently waited on Mr. B. O. Fox (late alderman of the city) at his residence ?requesting him ta allow them to nominate him as a candidate for tbe seat rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr. Siebert as councillor for Grey ward. Mr. Fox thanked them for the .confidence they had in him and consented to The Siti'cr Arte mentions as an " on dit" that in order to avoid the heavy cost inseparable from the second liandling of Silverton freights through the break of gauge at Terowie, the South Australian authorities have under con sideration a proposal for laying a third rail along the broad-gauge line so that narrow gauge rolliDg-stock may travel right through from Adelaide. ?Referring* to the r< cent f.ital railway acci dent near Hergott the tValhroo Times states that two of those killed were young men hail icg from Kadina One, ?Michael Smith, was the only s'u of bis asrei father and mother; the other, James Oacn*. win came out under the Wallar.xi Mining Companv, married the late Mr. P. Dili *.i?*? wi-*,,***. Thus Mrs has l?-t both husbands through an acei*--ii fr> a ballast trsin—the one on thu Xarracvrt. line and the other at Helmut. Tte well-known yacht Minn'", of Gl^iiel,*-, owned by Mefs's. H 1". Zi-?gl..-r and I'. ii. Eimer, dragged lur nuiorings on tin* evening of Thursday last duiicg the storm that was raging, and eventually ran into the jetty, becoming a tet.il wreck. It wa*-a sa} disap pointment forth, owners, as thoy intended to -start for a cruise scmss the gulf on C<>..i Friday with one or two other Glenelg boat). Great sympathy is expressed by the yachting fraternity at their less, as tbe Minnie was becoming a general favorite. The remains of the late Dr. Wm. Clarke were interred in the Orroroo Cemetery on Friday, in the jvesence of a large number of residents m the district. Dr. Clarke arrived in the colodj* about seven years ago froai Scot land, having pi e viously taken high academical honors at Aberdeen Univeisity. He settled at Orroroo and continued to reside there up to the time ot his death. The deceased gentle men posseesed abilities of no mean order, and vas highly esteemed, and bis d**.ith at the early age cf 34 years is much deplored. The deceased gentleman has left a widow ani one child. Mr. Carl Kngelbrecht is (according to the Soutk-Eantcm Star) making an active start in business o]-"rations, having last week suc ceeded indin]ioeing of his first thousand gUlons of rectified spirit to Adelaide merchant;, and received orders for another 3.000 gallons. Mr. Enpelbrecht whilst in Adelaide submitted the spirits to teat and comparison with the bast brands of imported spirits, and several con noisseurs are agreed that the spirit distilled at Mount Gambier is fully equal to, and in some cases better than, the imported spirit Thus far. of course, the transactions are but small, but ai the first practical result of the suc cessful starting in the commercial world of a new local enterprise they are worthy of record An inquest was commenced on Sa**urdty aftenio. >n at the Adelaide Ho-i .ita'. by the city Cur-onir on the body of Harry Simmoa.-. an aboriginal, who died early the same morning at that ic.-titutii.n fr-.-m injuries received at Goolwa on Friday. Mr. Jackman, sap ?rinten dent of the southern line of railway, watched the case on behalf of the Government. Mr. Henry Re.-ser was foreman of tbe jury. An aboriginal named James Spender d**>p ised that be in comjian*),* with deceased was selling ?shells on the railway platform at Goolwa on Friday. He lost sight of Simmons for a while, and next saw him after he had been rnn over *L>y the train. The guard on the tr-iin did not tell him to stand back. Saw a doctor at Goclwa, who ordered Summons's removal to the Adelaide Hospital. The ioquest was adjourned until Tuesday, April 2?, to allow fitnesses to attend from G* olwa. Theweatherin Gawler. saysour correspondent, bse at last changed, and hopes areeutertained that sufficient moisture has fallen to giv*** an impetus to fanning operations. For neirly six months scarcely a shower has fallen, and the river Para has been dry for a long peri.id. On Wednesday night clouds gathered < iver the sky, and early on Thursday motniog heavy rains commenced to falL By noon 700 points had fallen, and up to Friday morning about an inch nnd a quarter. The rain has penetrated well, and ploughs and seed-so wers are busily at work. There s already in the ne:ghboth a large acreage ploughed and some of it sown. ?Should the rain be supplemented by occasional downfalls there is no reason why a g*v>d harvest should not follow. The crops wiU, however, in many cases be dirty, as the weeds will spring v i?h the grain. A good stream of water his come down the Para, and all the holes are tilled. During bis exploring expedition in the York Peninsula, when he discovered all that tract of country now become so familiar under the name of the Palmer district, Mr. Willi un Hann discovered (says the Brisbane Courier), a species of kangaroo possessing claws which en abled it t" climb trees. The discovery wa9 -fully reported npon by Mr. Hann to the Government of the day, but ax this strange marsupial had not since been heard of, ?except occasionally from the aborigines, people began to doubt its existence. In a letter to one of bis family, written by him on 30th March on board the Dacca, at Cooktown (on board of which vessel be Ib a paeeenger to Kngland), Mr. Hann Bays: —*' Yon will be pleased to hear that my climb ing kangaroo has been found at last. On getting to Port Douglas yesterday, the native police officer, Mr. Graham, came off to tell me be had secured one alive, bnt it died a few days ago. There can be no longer any doubt about. the animal. I certainly must have the honor of being the first to find it in Australii. I dis covered it in 1872, os the head of the Bloom field River, not very far from where the present one was found. The native name for it is Bungaree. There is no doubt it is the climbing kangaroo of Kew Guinea." " On Friday, April 23," says a correspondent, "I paid a visit to the camp ofthe men working sear Mannum. It is situated on a fiat by the side of the River Mnrray, a distance of one mile and a half from the township of Mannum. At this camp there are 13 tents, nnd 70 men are working, of whom ab iut 50 occupy the tents, while 20 have found shelter in several houses which were empty in the township. Mr. Ran3om is the resident engi neer in charge of the men, and he speaks very highly of them. He says they are all gooi men, very respectable, and willing to work. They have been working just three weeks, -during which time they have constructed an embankment from the ferry eastward half a mile long, 20 feet broad, ando feet high. During the first week they we re all paid *ls. Cd. per day, eince then about SO have been on piece work, and in the first week at this they made from 4s. Cd. to Ts. per day, the price given being 7d. per yard ; the price was then reduced to Cd. per yaid, and the men were di-sjilea-^ed and did c>t work on Monday, April 19. They started again on the next day at the re ?dnced f .rice and worked on till Thursday, whea they were stojijied by the heavy rain. Friday being a holiday they did not work, z>o tint they will only receive three day*' pay for the week. The water has filled the trench they weie excavating, and the engineer his re moved them further on where the ground is higher. The men want fiys to their ti.-nts very badly to protect them from the rain, as the calico tents are onlv fit for summer. They also require stretchers on which to sleep, or some wooden bunks during the wet v.eitli'r. Tliey are at present obliged to make b:la of the rushes. The men complain of the price per yard lieing reduced, an they sav that now the wet weather has come on they will not be able to make 4s. Cd. per day. With the excep tion of almut a dozen of the men sent to this camp the men are resjiectable, sober, well-be haved men. The dozen referred t-> were at once dismi.-.-ed." Becent cases of " flitting over the border" are thus referred to by the Border Watch „W April 24:—"On Wednesday nigbt Mr. W. H. Kendall, oiganist at the Presbyterian Church, wbo has been settled here forsomenine months as a teacher of music and drawing, was announced to give a repetition in the Institute Hall of a cantata given for the first time on Monday evening. No whisprr of .anything being amiss _ got wind till afte the hour for commencing, but it wai then found that the leader was missing. It tran spired that he bad left his lodgings after tea to proceed to the institute, and whether he called there or not is a matter of doubt; at all events no trace of him could be found after 8 o'clock, and the money taken for admission to the entertainment was re turned to the audience, and the proceedings were adjourned sine die. Further enquiry -showed tliat Mr. Kendall's creditors were a little bit alarmed as to his probable move ments, aud were keeping a watch njion liim. On Monday he had fent b's three children to Melbourne in charge of a young woman turned Mills, who had been keeping home for him. ?Some days ptevioii<-ly he had sold all his effects, and bad not paid any of the proceeds to h:s creditors ; and it was enspected that wh=n he got hold of the proceeds of the entertainment lie would follow Miss Mills. It was not suspected, however, that he would make * move btfore the entertainment, aad the watchers were a little off th-ir gua-d. Bendall, no donb*, got an inkling of the action- to lie taken against bim, and abandoning the entertainment, gave his wonld-lx? captors the s'ip. How be cleared ont, what route he took, and wher^ he now is isa matti r of conjecture. Bnt there is no doubt -that he thoroughly mys'ilied those who were taking snch a deep interest in his affairs. He bas left behind him a luge number of credi tors, aad takes witb bim a fair amount of hard coin. Zbere is little doubt he ia now in Mel i bourne enjoying bis ill-gotten bwty. His creditors held a meeting on Thursday to see if any eteja could be taken for bringing him I hack, but no plan for doing so was suggested. The matter lias been referred to the local Traders' Defence Association, which will, na doubt, Jo whatever is possible. Randall has a wife in Adelaide, where his parents also reside In addition to Kendall two other defaulters ; —one of them belongicj,** to Millicent—have j gone oyer the border dnriug the week, leaving sorrowing friends behind them." A new and terrible infliction (says the Mel j ci*nrue.£*aidcrjawaitatheuiifortnnateVictorian ! paterfamilias. Tliere is threatened the organisa tion of a Domestic Servants' Union. The mere mention of such a iiossible consummation is ; calculated to call forth one general outburst of i anxiety, and the head of every household may | well exclaim, "My punishment is greater that I I can bear !" Now, ngaided individually, or ! speaking in a military sense, taken in detail, l the class which claim? the special guardianship !of St, Bridget of glorious memory might Ij.* | bome with, and their little peculiarities of ! speech, manners, and appearance tolerate!, 1 but if tbey once combine their force.*s and pr? ceed to dictate their <>on terms, then social and domestic chaos is inevitable. It ha- bsenmore j tlian hinted that dome-sties have only them selves to thank for wearing the badge of in feriority. V'udtv the new regime about to be I inaugurated all this is to lie changed. Sjsan ?lane is to be seen at her own home if anyone desire*- to engage her services, and before she can think <>f accepting an oifer it ij tn be clearly understood that she shall have, amongst otlier privileges, one day in the week off {which day is not sjieciiied, but no doubt the Sunday), and that in the evening she can go oui when rba is ple.i'ed so to d.>, and return after the same fashion. Wag-." iu future um?t be denominated salarie*** and are to be largely augmented ; meals are to be pir taken of with tiie faini'y, and an apartm-nt must lie provided where thi' young jierson may meet and entertain her friends aiid admirers. , If the cook is taken suddenly ill with hysterics j and i-jK-ils the dinner she is t>lj3 tenderly ' nursed and ca*ed for by the family physician, \ and not bundkd out at the back d.ior as hitherto; and if the housemaid thinks it ju-t as well "to take it out" of her mistress for her "cberk," fair play is to be .shown aud no legal proceedings instituted All this and much more may be gathered from the pir ticulais of the meeting beld at the Tndss HalL presided over by Mr. Laurit**. Plough, president of tiie Hairdres?-rs' Union. Xo****, the right <>f combination once conceded t > aiy class, it must l>e allowed t.? al'. and there seems no valid reason why domestics shiuld not unite for purposes of mutual benefit, no less than tailors and shoemakers. Their ri*_rht to do so is nuchallangeable. The possible eventualities of the new order of thing*, how ever, cannot be content] dated wilh iut a shudder. A servant must become a luxury '-v, if any, ean afford, and when enjoyed th: ie"ations of mistress and maid must lie of a nature wry difficult to define, while the fatluer of the family, doubtless, will In- rifjuired to do all the rough work. Dr. Barry, the Bishop of Sydney, lately lec tured at Wollongong on " National greatness: wl- at it is and how obtained." The lecturer dt fined a nation as a community possessing self-government nnd a certain amount of civili sation. "An individual to become great," he said, " must possess one of these characteris tics—physical strength, -some definite and un selfish object, or a mission. A community to become great must possess similar attributes. Australia possessed the first of these qualifi cations in its immense territory and unlimited and undeveloped mineral wealth. The two most important matters to make Australia great were the conservation of water and increased population, which were more essential than railways or harbors. Population was essentially necessary for developing the latent resources of the country. He did not believe that any amount of immigration would tend to reduce wages, but to the contrary. It was an anomalous position for a country to export raw material and receive it back manufactured. In the case of a great maritime war this colony was quite helpless, even in the matter of food. Victoria was ahead of us in this respect, as she made agriculture a feature. The coun try wanted development, and he would indicate the establishment of manufactories. Victoria in this respect also was ahead of us, We wanted self-reliance. Government was too often supposed to -do everything. The present education system was doing .splendid work, but we wanted higher education for after life. There was too much tendency to read news papers. The press was a great and valuable institution, but our reading sbould ex tend beyond it. To become thoroughly great we must be mere studious. In connection with this public opinion should assist in forming good laws. Our sanitary laws were outrageous. He estimated that many lives were sacrificed yearly from this cause alone. We wanted more police protection, for which we must pay, to cope with the growing evil of larrikinism. If we wanted good roads and public buildings we must expect to pay for them. This was a democratic country, and the true meaning of democracy was the doing of all things for the general good. Public opinion properly exer cised should insist on Government being pro perly carried on, instead of everything being sacrificed to party spirit, which—at any rate for the last twelve months —had brought legis lation to a standstill. No country could be great without a high moral tone. Referring to the dispatch of the New South Wales con tingent to the Soudan, as to whether the step was right or wrong, he considered it was the liest advertisement the colony had ever had. He was in a position to say this from his own letters from home." The Australasian writes:—" At tbe mesting of the Adelaide Young Men's Christian Asso ciation last week —the whitewashing meeting it might be called—some very strange things were said and done. Alexander Walker, the secretary, is, by his own confession, £1,300 short in his accounts; and before the boaid of management, who are investigating tbe facts, liad time to submit a report or come to any decision this meeting was convened for the purpose of prejudging the case and directicg the biard wha-* they should do. Mr. Walker's friends weie resolved that the afiaix should, if rossible, be hushed up or smoothed over. The proceedings were opened with prayer, and the chairman quoted several Scriptural texts, all pointing in tbe direction of mercy. With 'pain and eorrow of heart9 the meet ing then proceeded to regret that Mr. Walker thould have been guilty of misappropriating the fluids, and to express ' their sense of the gravity of the ein he had committed.' His misdoings 'were spoken of as 'a great calamity,' and the speakers could not under stand how one who ' had enjoyed the friend ship of spiritually-minded gentlemen' could have descended so low; but ' they must show that thete wax something more in Christianity tlian pounds, shillings, and pence.' All this was intended to prepare tbe way fox a resolution directing the board of management to take a merciful view of the case—in other words, *to square it.* Bat the meeting was saved from committing itself pre n-utaitly l.y the interposition of the Rev. J. B. StepLet -on and Dr. Magarey, who in effect advised the members to wait for the guidance of the hoard instead of attempting to guide them. It is hinted, we observe, that the board were privately favorable to the meeting antici pating their report, and hoped for tbe passing of a resolution which might enable them to effect a compromise. And why, it will be asked, were the niemljen, of the association working so anxiomly to procure such a result? Because the defaulting secretary was in a position which rendered him peculiarly liable to temptation, acd knew no better. On the contrary, it was because Mr. Walker had no excuse for falling that they strove so zealously to shield liim. For he hai been a 'pattern jciingican' in Adelaide, the friend and ad viser of the erring; and he is also the son of a clergyman wbo is alx.ut to celebrate his jubilee as a minister of tbe gospeL It will be rtmen-ljend tbat when Thorpe, the bank cleik, was convicted in Melbourne of makin*; use of his employer's funds to the extent cf £2,00(1, clergymen and laymen moved heaven aid earth to induce the (sovenuuent to lucdify or cancel the sentence, became Air. Thorpe had been a Sundiy-scliool teacher, aud should, thaefore, have known better. Three sons ot clergymen have gone wrong in Soutli Australia since the present epidemic of embezzling broke out. And if Christian young men in Adelaide are Ud to believe thit their ciiiu.-idts wi!l rally round to fend off the policeman when tliey fall into sin the victims to temptation may be expected to increase." We extract the following from the A n.tlra lasian .- —" In tbe township of Camooweal, in ?Queensland, the sole representative of the law is a constable, who sometimes exercises judicial functions. The nearest court of petty sessions is at Burketown, on the Gulf of Carpentaria, which is 220 ruilrs away, and when a prisoner is gi* en in charge tbe constable has to consider whether he will undertake a weary ride to Burketown or deal with the case himself. , There are supposed to be two local justices of the peace, bnt they have left the district, and a thud gentleman, who has been added to the comini—ion of the peace, is not yet sworn in. He would have to travel a still greater distance than 220 miles to tind a judge before whom tbe oath of allegiance ccnld be taken. Meantime the constable seetos to lie managing discreetly. A Cliinese was given in charge fur larceny. The con ' stable took from Ah Sin, the prisoner, the property he hsd stolen, aud kept him at woric fi-r ten days at the police-station—it was ?virtually a sentence of ten days* hard labor— | atd then bade him go ard Ein no more. Two young blackfellows, after a drinking b ut, hsd a fight, acd one nearly stabbed ! the other to death. The constable chtined j the wi.u'd-be murderer up for five days only, his iflV-nc-e not being t-o beinoiLs a one a* the I Chir Milan's. Therewerereo-iitlytwoconstables arid a black tracker in the township, but a j serious caw* turned np, and the extra police were sent off to Burketown with a prisoner. I After they left a iiian named Murphy gave , himself up for niutdcr, and a man named , Black had to be arrested for horse stealing. At tbe date of the last ad woes the whole of ' the Camooweal constables time was taken . ii]i minding these two prisoners. With the i horse stealer something will have to be done, !>ecause in all young communities the stealing of horse-s and cattle is looked itiion as one' of the i-even deadly sins, but the constable is understood to be weighing in his mind the propriety of turning the murderer loos**. Murphy may only be wanting a fret- rid** under escort to Burketown, and unle's the I jierson he asserts he has murd-red was of some consequence in tin- district it may Im- the constable's duty to dis cbaiw the prisoner after a short detention to save the country the ex]ieose of a trial, which may only end in Murphy's being on victed of lying. Pending the return of the second pel iceman from Burketown, n*ri ***???*?. (loulitlet***-, wi'l li** posted on the trees round | aV-out the township ca'ling upon a'l hr Majesty's I'Vi-e s'ibj- ets t>> abstain from crimes <*f tin* firtt < legi ee wh'le the l.ck-up reniiins full. In <*if* of Biet Hartcs burl.---.-juc stories the ghotts inhabiting a hauiit-il house and its neigblioiirhi.ofl h>*ld a meeting to protest apainst the] i-opiieties.* committing any further inunjers. i.-s the gl-otny |>001, the withered tree, the ..id hayloft, the dark ciiar, and every other t-uitabl.* abiding place for a de parted t-piiit is already occupied by h-r de i-oasod i(*lafi\\.-s. aud ghosts obj.-ct to being overcrowdi-d." "The police authorities at Sandhurst," re marks the Australasian, "appear to have lieen desirous of bringing the conteaipt of the whole Mongolian race upon their future efforts to clear up the ' White-hills mystery' when they invited or permited a so called thought reader to go through a farcical performance in the local gaol witb tbe object of frightening some Chinese prif oners into confessing a crime they have had as mnch to do with, so far as the police know, as the man in tbe moon. If it is necessaiy, tor tbe bringing of wrongdoers to justice, to call in'the magician and devil-man' to the aid of the baffled tletectives, they might at le art avoid trying to work on the fears of prisoners xx ith tricks which the heathen Chinee cannot lot In u]*f>n without smiling at there cluuuiiie.--*, or feeling within himself how much better bis tlicks would have beeu than theirs. First of all they hnnga life- oized drawing of the miss ing con-table on the prison walls, in view of Ching Young and Huog Ah Wong (who are in custody for .-telling copper-plates), and told theintbat the devil-man was coming to spy out thesccivts of their inmost t..uL Tne d-vil-ui in was then introduced, andbi*- first terrifying ev jvriuient was looking for a breast-pin whicli the governor ..f the gaol had hidden iu Ch'iig Young's jumper. The heathen Chineo was alarmed lor a moment, because-ke thought th.*y were going to make e.ut that he stole the pin, but be soon saw that their real game was to 6how off their thought-reader's power of liud iog missing articles. It might have occurred to Ching Young that if thej* were looking for traces of Constable Kyan's body the more direct course would have been to prosjiect for it outside the gaoL Tin- pin, of course, was fcund. Everything hid by the gaol officials was found. Ah Wong was then toll ti hde some copper-plate-i, whidi he did by pitting them in the clerk's desk, the devilry being enacted in the office, and the thought reader wandered round miking hopeless efforts to pick up the scent. Kor conld he discover the whereabouts of a knife or tomahawk iui*il he gave np trying to read the thoughts of the wary Chinese and turned bis scrutinising eye on the face of a pympitthi-injj reporter, who went to Sandhurst with him in tbe tri in. The magician accounted for his failure by saying that the Cbinesefwere "brutes, who liad no consecutive thoughts, miserable t]K*ciiuens of humanity,' Sx. , and the farce came to an end without Ching Young or his fellow prisoner lieing allowed an opportunity, in their turn, to show off the juggling skill which we know the Oriental races p.xssss in pe rfectioiu If they bad been allowed to hide in their own way, neither the devil-man nor the boobies wbo brought him there would ever have seen pins, tomahawks, f.r knives again. There are three hypotheses, with any one of which the poor result of Wednesday's nagicmay be reconciled. The Chinese whom the police suspect (without having the shadow of ground for their suspicion) may have hai as little to do with the Wbite-hilU mystery as the police themselves; or there may have been no murder; or the thought - reader's thought reading powers, when ne bas anything more important to l.iok for than a breast-pin, may be all moonshine. Was our spiritual Chief Secretary a |*arty, aa head of the Police Department, to the enacting of this burlesque ou tbe administration of justice*;" Mr. Booth bad a busy day on Sunday. In the afternoon he conducted a children's meet ing in the Town HaU, which was largely at t< uded. The Sunday schools re].resented were the Corgreg**tionai. Wesleyan, Primitive Methoditt, I'itAe Christian, Christian Dis ciples, the Methodist Kew Ccnnexion, and either?. Mr. Booth caught the attention of the children at tho outset by recounting to them anecdotes, all of which pointed :\ nigral. Theu he led them by easy stages to the more s-rious natter of his address. In simple language he told his little listeners effect in after life of good moral principles incul cated in eaily youth. He asked them to take up Gospel temperance work, and re marked that if they followed in the right path when young they would find it easy to traverse the same road in later years. In the evening Mr. Booth preached to a large congregation in the Tynte-street Baptist Church. Later on in the evening he addressed a large concourse of people in the Town Hall, Mr. Booth intimated that it was his intention to speak of the power of the Gospel, and not to give an address on temperance entirely. He did this because he was not one of those who held that drunkenness was the earn of all iniquity any more than be believed that tem perance was the sum of all righteousness. There were other sins wbich, although hidden, were more dangerous. One day the father of Dean Stanley was gazing on the bosom of tbe mighty Atlantic, when suddenly sxuing above fcim he espied the prince of birds —an eagle. As he gazed at tbe bird -ascending into the heavens he heaid it give vent to piercing seream=. Still upwards it soared -until almost out of si^'ht. Then suddenly it commenced to descend, till at last it fell at hi.- feet a mass of fctthero and broken bones. At that iii..:oent the watcher observed a ferret ran out from the ?sliattered inass. Tbis the eagle had seized, but as it started on its upward H*g!it it had relaxed its talons, when tbe ferret grasped the bird'swing, and, true to its instinct, hid seized the eagle in a vital pait and brought it to the ground. So it was with hidden sins. Though a man with bidden sitis might attain the greatest prosperity ; might be respected above his fellows; yet—and God knewthat they li2d examples enough in thc-ir midst lately— tlit j* could be sure that his sins would find him out. It was the knowledge of this that made him speak of thepowerof the GogpeL Mr. Booth in eloquent terms then touched on the question of f reethonght. It was not his intention to enter into argument on the subject, for if that could settle fiie point it would have been placed beyond dispute years ago. To his mind the only way it conld be settled was to point to the wondrous works ef the Creator. Following on this he related incidents of acknowledged freethinkers who had recanted aud tunned to God. To professors of freethonght he said if they wished to go to hell why did they not go alone and leave other men untainted? Why try to drag others with them ? Why promulgate tbe doctrines of freethought? In concludinghis address, which enchained the attention ot the audience*, he e-arnestly and eloquently pleaded with them to renounce sin and drink that we might have a more noble humanity. Let those who were hiding from tbe world a secret sin give it up. Exclusive of those who signed on Sinday night COO have taken the pledge, the result of the afternoon's gathering lieing that close on 3CO children joined tbe blue ribbon cause. An open-air concert was given by the Payneham Band in front of the Duke oi Wel lington Hotel, Payneham, on Thursday even ing. The members of the band and others were afterwards entertained at supper by Host Burich, the occasion being the birthday of the hostess. Miss I-ean was made the recipient of a bands, me ci uetstand by the members of the Morphett-street Primitive Methodist choir on 'J hui<-day evening, A] i-il JJ, na the occasion of Ler leaving Adelaide for Mount Gambier. Tbe Rev. J. G. Wright made the presentation, and Miss Lean suitably responded. The employes of the firm of H. L. Vosz held a social gathering at the Plough and Harrow Hotel on Thurtday evening, for the purpose of bidding adieu to Mr. H. C. Bicker, their late manager, who bas severed bis connection witb the timi. Mr. Wm. Chudleigh (one of tbe oldest employes) presented Mr. Eocker with a handsome marble clock suitably in- Ecribed, and wished bim every success in the future. After Mr. B'icker had feelingly re sponded tfae rest of the evening was spent in a Bocial manner, songs and recitations being given. Our MagiU corresi-ondeLt writes:—"Al though we had a good share of the splendid rain that fell on \\\ i-dnesday night and Thurs day, the- attraction of Mr. J. C. Scott's Brook side Park brought out no less than three Sun dayeehools to bold tbeir annual picnics tliere. A few showers fell during the day, but all ?Ke-onwd to e-njoy themselves veiy thoroughly snd enteied into the games usual on such occa sions with spirit. The schools represented . were tbe Norwood Presbyterian, the High- i streit (Kensington) Bible Christian, and tbe Magill Baptist schools, each of which was accufrpanitd by its pastor. The Indian Tourist Party at Gamer's Booms drew good honses botb at their sacred concert on Good Friday and again at thdr ordi nary entertainment on Saturday evening. To night they wUI present an amusing and attractive programme tbat will suit the humor of holiday keepers, and on Tuesday they give their last performance in Adelaide. This oc casion will be a benefit to Oscar Smith, who, as the principal of the parly, has catered well for the public amusement at a price hitherto not attempted here. As a cheap entertainment the performances have been attractive aud clever, and no doubt Mr. Smith will bave a bumper bouse for bis benefit. The company appear at l'ort Adelaide on Wednesday. Tbs weather on Saturday being fine there waa ad unusually large attendance of visitors in the Zoological Gardens. The late additions to the animals no doubt added greatly to swell the numbers. It was estimated that close on 'J.OOO persons passed through the gates on that day. On Good Friday, although the weather I ?a as dark and showeiy, the attendance was veiy numerous, being, we are informed, over 2,000. It is bo|*ed tbat public patronage will continue to be largely extended, thus assisting tortconp the society for the large outlays re cently effected. We have been requested to call the attention-of visitors to thegiowing habit of throwing paper and pap -r bags on the walks, canting much loss of time to the ser vants of the s.fciety iu cleaning aud tidying up, l-e>ides griatlv uisfiguring tLe genera! a;i -[-earai.ee of the grounds. The fourteenth anniversary of the Stirling Bast Band ot Hnjie was held in the local schoolioom on Good Friday. Several showers fil dnring the day, and with the heavy fall of Thursday aCecled the attendance, wbich was uot eo large as on former occasions. Following theusualteawasamiscellaneoua entertainment, consisting of choruses, solos, duets, quartets, recitations, aud dialogues, each number being well received. Mr. li. Collins occupied the chair. Mr. C. LeMaistre read the annual ie]K>!t, which stated that there SO members good >.n the IMX)k.-, and that tbe liaauje*! were in a satisfactory condition, there being a little over t'G to the credit of the society. OHicers for the ensuing year were elected as follows: — Mff-sis. R, Collins, presid-nt; S. llivie, vice pnsident and treasurer; C. LeMaistre, secre tary; \V. If-ewis, ]>. Le Mai-iti***", I'. I?iy. I>. Hv.nter, .Tosiah GoldiDg, and John Goldiag son.mitt<-e. The rr..i*ening of the Theatre Royal to night, under the auspices of Messrs. WillLiii son. Gamer,.and Musgrove, will inaugurate a new dramatic era in Adelaide. These spirited entrepreneurs are deserving of encouragement in undertaking to place expensive amusements on thi- stage during such a dull season as ths ] .resent. The pantomime, however, is a class of performance that paterfamilias can look upon with favor, and can please his household by taking one and all to witness it. A piece that was ori ginally productd at Drury Laoe, that has lieen embellished by the pencil of Gordon, aad in which such actors as Harwood und Greville apjiear, supported by :*.U the next bsst avail able talent, should surely be good enou*^ to attract Adelaide play- goers, and we have no doubt that opening with a bumper house to night "Cinderella" will draw enthusiastic audiences for many nights to come. The curtain we believe rises earlier than lwual, aad therefore visiters 1,-ust Ije prompt iu see*ir-ug their seats. A con* puny of local amateur--, who hive adopUd the title of the Court Minstrels, gave a jiei-fum .-inee in the Academy of Music on Satai day evening to a somewhat thin audience. The names of the performers include W. .Stevens, I'.. Mowbray, .1, Stevens, A. Mumme, T. Air ore, .1. Grant," C. Leslie, F. Saltmarsh, G. Williams, H. S-aulan, W. C. Hillarv, J. T. Cook, .!. Grant, H. Bead, and Guidi, and Bine, so that in numbers the company is sttor ger.or.gb at least, butthetaleutis of ajmi xed order, including good, bad, and indifferent. The singing .?n the whole was very good, aud the ballads "Sleep of love"ti*ng by J. T. Cook, and " Little blue eyes" and '* When* the wild winds do blow," sung by B. Mowbray, were given with nice taste and expression, and were all deservedly encored. Heads l?edestal dancing was a meritorious feature, and was well applauded. The *'comic" business, however, was weak, and anything but mirth provoking. Ko do-.ibt the funny men of the party will d.. better to night when they will have a larger and livre appreciative audit, try. The anuivi-i.-ary services of the Pirie-street Wesleyan Sunday-school were celebrated on Sunday. One of the sjiecial features of the services was the rendering of a number of hymns written for the approaching jubilee of the Methodist Church. The words of most of tbem were written bv the Rev. R. SL Hunter, the Revs. I). O'DonneU and A. Clarke also contributing one each. The iiiu-*ie was combed by Mr. W. B. Chinner, church organL-t. Tin- airs are pretty and tuneful, and weie well tuiig by the choir and the children. The morning *-erviee wa> conducted by the Kev. D. O'Donnell, who tiok as hi> text the wo:ds "Thou ,-lialt not st-jaP (]'**? di*.- xx., 13). In the afternoon the Rev. A. Clarke conducted a -Hower service, and iu the evening tl:** choial service entitled " The Buffering Saviour" wliieli was rendered on Thin-day evening, was rejieated. The Itw. K M Hutfter officiated, and preached to a crowded coneiepation on the siibj.-ctof the new disj.ensati.jn. Tea and public meetings will be beld on Wednesday evening. After a ]*ostponement from Thursday even ing on account of the stonniness of the weather, the pr-oiioEcd trawling expedi tion in connection with tue Field "Naturalists' Society took place on Saturday. The jiarty left by an early morning train for tiie Semaphore, but on reaching that place it was found that the trawling n*.-t had not yet come to hand. After an hour's fruitless wait ing, it was decided to go in the Ariel (the vessel chai tered) for about au hour's dredging with the oyster-net, in tliehopetbat ia the .meantime the trawl might arrive. The dredging finished with fair results, the steamer returned t<> the jetty, where was found the net aud other apparatus, delayed through -"-onie mi-take, liveiything necessary lieing at List on board tin* ve^-el .-teaui.-d for about two hours almost straight aero*-* the gulf, and the trawl was then put down for tbe firet time in 11 fathoms cf water. When pulled up it was f?und to c..etain little el-e save tcalloiis, albeit with shells covered with Ijeautiful red and jellow spouses. Otlier hauls, liev.cver, proved more productive, a number ot strange and biightly-hued forms, both fis!i.*s und lower oigaiusms, In.ing caught. Consider able time having been .spent hero the steamer went t..wa?ds the eastern shore for aVmt half aii hour, and the net was then once mure t*a*-t overboard. Even better results ensued, several rather lare lishc3 being captured. The srhnapj-er grounds were next visited and fish ing lines were put down, but with no success. The tt- amer then made for the jetty, which was n ached shortly liefore 7 o'clock in the i-veiling, .-nd *-oon afterwards the m"iiibcrs of the piu-ty separated. Begi-rd-'i scien tifically tl." expedition Cfiiuiot be .--.vd to have afforded any great result, bnt to tiio-.euiiacqua-iit-.-d with the more umoinnoii of tbe denizens .*f .St. V:;ie*:iit"> G.df it was certain*;* ii.leu-.-tiiig. and the trip wa**. <>:i the -whole, very enjoyable. A veiy huge numb.-r of ovu* iv-ideis will r'giet to leain that the sacred concert given by tin*Military Band onGo<4 Friday was the last of the season of what has been eo popularly knouu as the rotunda concerts. Whether it is bcca-.iae the wiuttr season lias set iu or for lack of " arras'gemeifts" bemg made for their continuance we cannot say, but it seems a pity that in so mild a climate as ours th^se weekly concerts should nut be continued all the year round. However, now tliat they bave urriveil at a termination, aud it is on all sides admitted tliat the series of concerts has been of a most praiseworthy and attractive character, we have a suggestion to make with regard to the perfor n.eis. l'inancially the conceits have not J-ei-n self- supporting, the amounts collected nightly being much less than the value of the .services rendered. We do not know iu what ratio the money lias been distributed, but we think it will Ix* generally admitted that the services ?f the bandmaster, M. Goigc* Cughten, are deserving of *~,me special rt-eo- guition. For live mouths he lias labored bard to make tbe conceits successful, aud for a much Unger previous i-erioil to get the baud into ite present effective condition. Mr. Oughton s skill as a bandmaster is too well knoan to need num* than a passing word irom us, but the public should have ;in opportunity afforded them of showing their practical ap pieciatioii of histffoi-ts. We w*iddsuggest that the City Coiju.ration give Mr. Oughton the free um* of the Town Ilall for two nights— one for a benefit conceit to himself, and the ' other night for a benefit concert for his men. ] Ko doubt there are- v mental musicians who would assist on these occ-isi. .ii.-, acd tliat the ] mblic would generously j jiatronise the entertainments. Passengers ar.d shippers yet the steamers Fliudcrs for the south-easterii ports are informed by adver tisement that, ov, ing to the Easter holidays, her de- IKUtuie has <,een i.osqvoctcl ti I I nesday morning. 