NO ROBBERY. *T HENRY FRITL. duthor of I The Ystlcry of Moor Fari," " On th Win9s of the IF'ind," " Through Floodl, Tlrough File," .5., ,c. CHA'TER XI. A MnilTY, MAI.\iSIIOIiNT, TIlilr:-TAILrD AtiHAW. "DlA me, how very extraordiry extrordiiary !" oxclaimed Sir Walter Watson us he iat ati l bicaifast-" dcar mo! Nothing toiild havoe fllen out Ictler. It scoms ahlnost is if Providence had arranged matters for us." "Don't hllk noniisoule , W\\\allr," replied Ilia lady a?ind very lady-like wife; " you ought, to k?now better. As if Providence would think of interfering " My de.ir, hush! limemober the srirvants, nnd jlst allor prayers, too! lcrlly I uist--1 really mst itisi---- " \What is the nmatter," inqu'ired Liady W\nlsson, intcrrupting her spouso. " Whatl mado yovu is hclim jtust now ? Anything ill thie tailioad Market i " " No, no; cerlainly not. Dear meo! You ro membor our arrangement-jokingly put, of course respecting Captain -I mitnn Colonel )tane ?" "Oh, yes; tlunt the childr.n. 1 was qruite -t's-rioua, 1 iasuro you. 'i'he Deencs are an oldl : uisily, and you nre niot of n very an iclnt one--"- "Look hlerc, Mlrin, I mrusl say th'tt you are ipealing in a very unbecominiig mainner. IMy father-" S. 'Y, es; C o; wO ;unow ill about tho tae I conIltrielor. .ir Edhard ws a goold and a very w-orthy m;in, but sL "ul cely--well not ,ite ,oIt ecquail of Colonel lD rane. \Wl.n mytt idear :iherth firtt mlt him li Oe thtought "him very utoyitcital ind-od. Now what h:is leado c -oi SOerors. ? "Cross You arte en,,ugh to vex. a satinl, IMarin. No wondir I'tllo (rats. tilt li-Iten: tClere's an lnnotIneC fent i the ,paper: 3hIi. luaneu, wife of Colonel I.. tcnec, V.O., and all Ith rei t of it, a son and lheir! oln'tt you sei, lily iaid heo tius iutt of iln age." " She is two dtays ol. r, ' rmirekcd Ladvs- Walson, S'g-,lencing at thiu Ii;pr lher huslaind handed to her. i.;'.To,bc siure that is no igreat mattler. But it is use less spcculating on strh childrcn." "Howercr, thue ai rctincent would Iobe very ,good one for Ioth oish:-. liceano has ilwvas been c;'rey civil to me, ind I Iniust tay I think I ail not behindhand in toutilcisy. Yes; it will do--very i cnKcly indtcl." .'"I wondlor whln .Mrs. Deano is cominog 1iatkl ? : here have been rumoura of shipwreck aiid ncci dcnit, bit ? he i.tust Ihave rcturncd, else this ain not:mnccent cauld not hive been inEcltid in the * :Tttt. Shall we ia.1 -"' asiked I.ady Watton. " Yea; it srould \,e as well to inquire at any rate. Let us arange to do is, toa-mrrow if yoi are dis ens-gaged,"' re.'led hi r -inliui'sivo huslaind. Ani then the nmeal ilr tedd wiltholtt anyu furllcther splcial -: suvers.tioni, Sir \alt.:r \beih huried in hil- n- ws p Ipm?r and 1-Iy \lWatsun sittin gar'ing from the wistdow waitiing until her housltctepcr canme to Fayv that certain donui slic c-InceCrns needed heIr nalthoritr. We must not iiiu:tin( from the glimncl)s of Sir .'Walter Watson tliat It was alwava s as quiet and Submissive aIs le aplpiarcd at home. There were few people woio did not find out the rough side of his tongue. lie was a rieally great man in tihe Sneighbourhood of-- . The village inhabited by the workpeopl-- at the " shops"-as the enllint factory was ealled--belonged to him. 110 had institutcd a church and forbade anyone to go to clhapel in pain of his high displeasu-o, but many went all the tuumec. Ito had i a lost- ollico, a school, a publiclouse--onlv one--a reading room, and a rccreation roomu, wit all mcdern inmusemilenils laid on for the lUisiuro hours of the tenaOtry who voted for him ill the election to a nilan -or nearly so-for Sir. Walter never lirilibd anyone, nor would he per rtil any apparent inlterference witil a voter. Iut it was goineially undersatood that Sir Waltcr ought to be sopported tas a Literal nemller, and he was, Suntil hl wavs olfendtd at osinme Parliamentary inter fercnce, and then Ie changed his politics and gained a baronctcy. S ThIlis gtive rise to somo little discuIssion, and wheni the nost goueral elcltiou came, Sir Walter put up it It t Conservatie, anlld wast duly returned. A petilion was lodged, but not a tittle of evidence was forthlcominig rtespettclin any touit of intimidation o, Sb-iibery, and the conumissionecr returned a "el' an bill *t "f healtht" to th new moembeor. Thus Sir Walter rctLained hsl seat and his influence like ai modern '.. Vir of lraiy. ]'lrolu thIes'e few larticulars it may bo gathered l:hat this railway magnate .was really- and trully a bgreat man-that is a great man locallv, and in a business slene int lhysically. l'ersonally, thel arounet was slhort and inclined to stoutness Ito antd al irm-soL countlenanco and a clear head. iHo was generally well dsrcIs- d Its Lbca-ne a magnate, -nd rather iprided himself uplon his short stature, for ho remembelred tIa all "ll great " men in history -wecre IphlYsiclly smiall. n J-titio seo hnm lat hi greatest youl should attendl roa ntlintg at which hie was thuirmaniii. Theit he clme n out in his tIruet- anill nu, dwtillin, colhours. 11t lilterally "sat tpton " the Iloard. Not a udirectr, not i: shiareho'd-er, ilt dItdto ik any qutlestiun as to sttcolntls or proccdltie. Sir WVallir was qctlito c!lllttl to tiny eolncugtni·t)-y ansl re?sct.ld iniuliry as it 'Ipersooal insult. 'he ilnfortilliinato man whlo clventulred Swithin tcachl of tte lion's patw was svoroly Ilsndled, 'ni iud barcastic relmarklis witli angry repartee or retort was usually thic lot of thie cnterprising bondholdor ar elhirehoildr in tno -.tii-rn it whichtho "many. 0etaed " Chairauin h'lcl a lprominout position. SYet with all this he was a kindlynn,ve ry fond of his son snd iheir, .:dw\irdl, who lihad been destined for '" h I Uhl lich froin infiuncv, but wlhose talents lav inoro in tlt engineering line. 11o was lstill quite a lad, i.-rl had Colonel can'sOii clilld hlocn a girl, Sir -Wll:er would hiavo brought abolut lthe matcIh .qually, S' fr hle was fond of thle arislto racv, particularlysinco ll liad i como at Conservative, and liid serious -: tlioihtsit of signing himself " Waltson," like a prer. ;' ' i 'hcL "'T o r'l'o 'lc," lht-l're h livedI was eleugantlld ftur ?...' Ilished and:1t ap oilltedl. Why it hadl heenealhl'l the "'i T er' o i inoulcv-t\ nt. to thteid cctjllket i jltbitntt , t. I ; t.ll Ill . N l iot l wa3 vitsiflil, tand notl hiU: i: t"iij.tnc to'ilit i ttle otlwitril seamblance of o tower o h r.. t w tithin a mile of tlIe house, and tihat woo only a eoi ; l o iandtoort for lships. But Sir Walter licked ;i. . thi.:'lworai, 11( nobody, not oveon his wife, had . nntgueccdede ion cluIIging hii notrPnclltiuro. i> . bir Walter woa now hnppy. Tho eslatLc of tho IDomtoia hoi lowna (iti liurchttoil woolil ho unittld ttt t hi I famnily. Ito could run aio lino throulh the i-i ott ad.dlolo the valuet. Ilia sont should ho a o illitotiiu toil rulllo it with the eilt. Uo should g* I (to itnow, or Eton nd lOxford, and outer tho Utt .(Citrit Io elieotttlil Itito Ilto ltittn;''in ttto nci'h Itlottnlood, for Sirtllttr blid htlliitctto, otd the cosy e-..croierws in tht.gift of theo lo:d of the ninitior. : i..thosot.pinis warc rtll mudec, ititd wrlen Sir Wltcer ... I'atsn tootk Ilto troutlt to tiIko planIs, nobody (oxcolpt Lt'dy W'tsont) ever ilnduced himt to unttttkto Lhmot, or to tttn atty frott hliobtjet. V,, " Itore isc'tiltcr ? " inquired hIo of his wife. ' I wattt huim. "ii Dwn llt tltioe hotrid worktshopa, I suppose," replied hor ladyship, whoie father hald bctn in the mnuit lineo, and, hiaving octutulttcd much cash, had got knihitted for tssislitng tlhu (luecn from iheor car iugo when aho oticned i now Peoplo'a Parki, and who cad then eut the shop iand nover come againt. So Lady Watson -once Maria Copting-was oextremoly griin antd ntistocratic. I now thpee rtgo tby heart, and felt extromily intomIon ttiio bo hmn sho was alono in socicty. At hom ho ao pclked at her thusband, and worried him not 11 little. " Thoso horrid workpeople " were reitlly too great ai trial for her nerves. Wo Ilvro been plarticular in describing the : Watsons, becauso in thoi course of this narrative wo shall oco a good deal of them. The T'owers wns beautifully situatcd in a commnandigi cmincnc, and .tho view, when not obscured by the smoketo from the terrible shops, was lovely and of coneidorablo extent, tho sea being a beautiful background to a really charmingI picture in nature's boest style. "I will go down to the works and eco whether the boy is there. HIo ought tobo better employed," said Sir Wilter. "It is his holiday time, and I am euro the child is not doing alny hurm," replied Lady Watson, somewhat ilconiaistcutly, "though the association r ith workpeople anid railroad stokers is not ltheo bent for him, I allow." t'Iliha bittlia ra e at trh 1atient Ifulohianl, aInEcao itrattr, lii it ito uvetti ciiiivy fovettisgatitittit out, of tIl t cry lint Ut whliidi is sacina was v.liairiia, did itt tttitt p odi at1 1tplffutt the tittiouet, itilita c" o dtit.e ictei etiii tliletirui o tn hurttaeklc," concltiiltiitnt will t worfl t wlh a v osibiiy hliid irefle''rnlci tu lumg illoultld vtit iltl utua:, cuoldJ hLo t:llo.l a t ply, Then Sir Walter left the room, and banged. tihe door behind him. Ito lmado his way on foot to the great w(ork.shops by a private pathi tlrough tihe domain whiih led h'im acloss the railway. Ile was about to cross it when a loud whistling areicsted him. lio stopped ill obedience to tho s;goal, ahd as the cloriooa "cxilrs " loiomot:ro went i:lst, without a train, hn ri. ,gliiscd, pctheCd upon Ithe foot plate, his seon rotl nir, lo hatnd on the 0whitLlo, de lighled at tih inleji of " funliiig the goerrnor" ai hie slid to .i tsi,.lnd, I;vbrt l '(sper, the drilerr~,'f thile cniini t Ie cii'onsi ,] -k }ti. ?.sltiing otich at the tid, andII IthLc : .,: ,... i 1.r toh,:lhd h il h lt ill ik,,an tdsntcnt iiit the t:; n, ps ,d on to the isot stattion. Sir \Wlte:r lie ,o tiss, i od t.i o tll ad ing the in a hiuh tll. tIntit*, h tis wall wnlih the soi,ti mindl li',,i',, c '.rr , :r.ly heoding t hciudmnolition tthat sired t ni iii tin face ,s he puIsod hnt "ii milel: nO With tle lnowledl;g of the loiality, beg ten ol culstom, tl glrlat Imn tihrade l his way tlicosigh a l Iyrinth oi uupiuri nna ed waggons wilthoit whol Its, ami wh.lIs wilihot inylthinn to olpl ort exr:cpt themps,:' , snd ?temingii ahlmot in'a, able of that, for the' werCe como:ie !llupers thrustl into thie raIil ro.le plss r-tlOllCie olit foi eolten bl tthir coIwariniellO.S nt airon alls ilt d wif anot-eni pl"i-"gn rain " it S.i.oll d--anid it will eo sold some daily t good iuliyond were lines of ,'arrhlgels waiting rcpaira for thrIe wls rl carriagu t"hoispitald" ttlacihe to ttle " josir-ti use," alld tlire ho "tars " were irelcflitly paircld land otrhautled. All kinds of truckslo were visOble f,tthtoer o0, 0rolno 1;0dti witth coal, others emptyI ; anI a wholts line of teludterF, without ceginen, lookling lery rllty lnd fortsakin: mnd leniines woith out torn n. , t lookg a for oll the world like birds wleich had had their tail t pulled out. Across iore sidings where old locomotiCves lad comllol to a stop for over; their nrace was ro. N?o more shall that swift- running " Lightning" fleslo alg the ralilts with tLer Maljesty's mails; no lore shall that cratt-driving-,whcel, six feet six inhels in diamtelcl, r cvulve at express peed to carry the news of a lattle into tile country with thoe itaper. Its day is done; its sun has set. The rust upon the nhicult, the open furnac-door, ttle pipes in front all lhold witih dust and bits of stone, nnd thie olpen " man hole," were a ventnresomno bird aled made iher nlct Ind reared her young, all told the secret of dtety. " Unto ' scrap' shalt thou return.' Laissing tiltheso slotons and the ulnconnected wheels-the chimneytles pensioners of the locomo tive depacc rtment-Sir Waltor Wiitson made his mway to thie ilecting shop, where some new engines are being tiurlt, and here he finds a perfectly new loco mortivel, tall brave in brass and paint, and clean as rumbling and til cn make her. T'his is his pet vnnitl. We are all mortal; and Sir Walter had a the t Ilo c. Th'lis ueitutil piece of machinery was nearly re'1dy I.o H one out. lher name hadl tbeln put on that 1maons0 g. ??Sll was calltd " Wualtcr Waatson," by lwi of a dlliclat ompllimenit t t ile cinhairman; and hiet wa the one thollsandth ngidno the eonmpany hiad nII adI'. \V'e woill eave tlnim to contemplaFte acid exalmino hi'e l ake, iiand tlurn o the rilnway for a few monlUntit, anud take;. up the thread of tIh narrative at the soiginl-.laox. CUAPTER XII. AN LEsI'ANAOTIO'N ia T eor l l alENDS-lA UnI RrniE. W\'; inust go back to tIe ecening when Lucy d Ray mlond ran wayiy, and bring the tale up to the later dat,. When thi train had passed on, the nliongled re mainslii of ptlio)r layimond Owere o lcted and carried to the ho pital to await a forndl inquiry, lld Bill ttstly lwasi the berer oef ti inewlc of Luny's olope mentl to George Collier as ilready rclateot in the first clhailter. tlo did not mention the death of Jack o?)mondll, brclieu\ing th?tl Collier would be as good as his wnord, and e tracgll hinl. For isuch a flte Bostlcy the I firemaiiin ihad Ino taIsto. But of coiuso tlhe toriblo intelligenco very soon caeno to (.oo1rge's calrs, nd ihe wIs gretly troubleid. licy h11d played hinti falso. After all that had lU0l5sed ; after all tho loullg sunnicr dLays tlheC nad tlspent nogth lier ; auftcra 1 the ple;t sllt w intecr olcnillgs IiIId huiit'el liastimr . lucy 11111l ltuYed him faho! lii won Idl never folgive oire-nor forgct icer i lill Iostla itald George Collier ihaid many a con vrouati, n o11erning Lucy Raymond and her ulti m?lte fate in indio , for hr las ut 1 tter. wSlitten from l'orltsmlouth, had comel to its destination, but never treached ther fatherc, for wliotl it was inteonddd. George hbd olclpened it, knowiing he ihad the right to do so, and beinig liklowise irge'l thereto 1'y l urio?us gossips, who were as nu xious fromi tile mtore love of salnndal it0 i wasn for lo\o of lucv L'ayon. S)ilnooeningecorgo amd his friO;id till were sittiiig halttilg together in time room tented iby the formor in the village. A btnd of symlpaithy now united tihe yonung men. There iltpeared aI tin eotwoen tteml since Lucy's lopleomentl, alnd they" could now 0speak of tler w.thoutl. bittlerness. " \Well, woll," said Gicorge after a pause11 in the convlersation, during whicll both simoketd auttdily. l' 'crlilts it's ill for the best; but I don't believe eancbmdv ever loved lnlcv ai I dit. Never! " ;' til'ybo lnot," rldlled hil; " but I tlinitr, Giorge, there was Ia nlu as wolshilpoed the very grolund slhe walkelicd lpon, and would hti\o tied iup her saiodals, aS pul soil sa:ys," ]Iot:oe blad niit got the idel nllite right, but lis frienic uatderstood hii. ' Who was he tthuen ? one of the fellows in Ilose p1r:s, I'tll be Lound. io one ovecr said so to her, did ih !" " No; o on000 oor 0111 aLonylting-leasOwiays not the man I m1ean; but when you icgaon to tallk about saiciding and cros. roadstklelii-which is the end of lthe self:ounrdelr I'mn told-then th'ksa I to myself, o0 ~o ploplo can' go oin nelor mlindillg and suffer " What on earth d'yo mean1 , Hill ? Who was tlihe m1101n 11a could do flint? Love Lucy and never say angll. to lher! Train't human natur'." *N.', (i;org,, it was against naltur'. But ho (lid it, Ind. I'll tlil yo who didll it, imateC. It was me !" " You, lill! You loved 1,uerV, and never s:id a0 wold \\\V'hy, dashl my wig, lu1t'that'H impossible." " No it ain't," replied tile liieman, doggedly. " It's possible, and mbore tlhan tha-- ils true. I Iv\edl Lucy deIar, and if you hailn'l been her lad, It ) ',1 a Ily, Ill , up)1on my soul." ' Ilill Ilotluy," clied CGeoige Collier, hsanding up ind clap, ing his friend lpon the shoulder in high appreciation, " you're Ia Nro!" ' taLbo I anm," rcplio I Bill. " I don't know whlat. it is rightly. 'Ilhey rilled the General yonder ill Indii a NCro for killilng omei blacks1 . I've doneo uullthing but my duty th mv nciglhlboulr, and if I loved dIr lbetter. thaln mlls If it was only lher duo. Ave, Imatl, nid I buliove ' 10ro her still." " So do 1, hlill; 0o do I. W\hon I thinks of her, 1poor gill, naittin' with me yolndr' by tile sea 1shore, or elvrn up in thl' box, I uso.l to 11tink hor 1n1 orna mont to any cabin. I clfn't Ihelp fcoling spuonov like all over me. Sho used to comelso p]retty mlid winnin', and pretend to ring the tulls andi frighten 1my life out for fear ohe would try to pull a lover off. Ah, she was a witch, and no minisltlc." " Shei was, George, and now you know my secret. I know now what I didn't know 1 0foro. She caused Jack's death." ' What!" oxclaimed C'llier. " Killed her own father! No, Bill; no murder for the girl we loves." " No actual cut and come hkilin'-not that- but yo know Jack saw ghosts nnd appearance'. Well they was her and her soldier chap on the linu -crosasi' and crossin' together, and also separate to meet and court on the ely." " O' courso, o' course. I can see it all clear as a headlamp now, and to think I nover sunspected her! Dear, dear! l'oor Luey! Eut it ever I come across her Ih ueband- " '. If so be he is her husband," put in Bill. " If so be no you say ho is," continlled Collier, "then I'll shake his good-for- nothing head off, and throw it in his face-by Jingo I will ! " 11 meant it too, and in his excitement the angry man f,:rgot the physical impossibility of tho feat he wail so anxious to perform at Lavyton's oxplense. " Fo will I, mate," and the men shook hands up0on it. There wns another pause, and then the firoman said, " Did ye hear that Mrs. Deano ill comin' homo to the ha1l " " What, tlhe captain's wife, d'yo mean? Him as is in India ?" ".\ye, lhe's something elso now; an admiiol 01 iomltlhillg higher up." " Don't Ilink ig t a ahdmiral," replied tlhe other; "t(ly'ro fellows in ships, 31y chuInI, Ilob-yo mind ll) \\\'indstay--well, he io a 1uilor on011 tle nal o? dor, and he told m eo I t drals \\\ 'ere gentlem en in thi flte somowhero in londo." " \'rll, hlo' not a captainh liik told ml he wan Il r,,nianidor of Itrops in thi) l':Eal, and couldn't lo Collli' h11 o110 agaI al, the hoio u: i to ha got r.a:idiy. Th''l.rr' a heir!" No, not here," replied his mate, smiling. "I mean a child-a heir to the property-that's what I mean.' "Tlhe commandin' lad ? Oh, I see. Well, and good luck to him. When is she coming ?" " oVery oon. The painters is all at work, and the furnituro is beiu' polished up and carpets beat, and their linen is washing out. Sho'll be hero in a few days now I'm told." Tl'lhero'll be great doings then, I suppose, and maybe we'll get a piceki' up of something with the rest. Here's long life to h, r; she is a bravo lady." " So she is, and we'll go down to the < Maid' and drink her eileth, and confusion to to the man that reio'ed lucy iRaymond. Come along, nimate," said Bill. " Wait a minute," Said Collier; "I'm not quite ready. I must be in at tou, and I've only an hour. 1It ieo'll go across." III a few minutes the pair quitted the house, and made for the inn which had for its sign the head of n girl, and was call 1 the " Villhige Maid." The evening was rather dark, and the road, shel lered by trees, was gloomy. As they proceeded, their conversation turned ipon the never-failing theme that had served them when no other topic would have drawn forth an answer-Lucy. They met a few people, and exchanged a " Good night" with some women and children, and now and then ca man mlono, and not quite able to take care of himself. "A tidy lass" was Collier's comment upon a woman carrying a child whom they passed near the inn. " Rather late for her to be trampin' it just now. Couldn't take her in, I suppose, oh? Good night," he cried to her. She made no answer, but when the men had got on a little she halted, and after a moment's consi deration, sat down in the gloom under the trees. ', ople passed and re-passed, hut no notice was taken of her, and there she remained for nearly an hour until Collier passed on his way to the signal boa, and then she lose and followed him, but she was evidently weary. "Not a penny," she muttered. "Not a penny to get ia night's lodging or a bit to eat. Io'll never refuse m as little. And yet he can be criel, and he ilay be harsh lut I must try, or die !" Shie "'hushed" the child kindly erough as she transferred the burthen to her right arm, aniid pro cer ded on her way. Collier, unconscious that he was being followed, went on leisurely, and enteted the signal-box in the cutting to relieve his mate, Dick. "l'unctuality is the thief of time, George,' remarked the man in the box ; "and)ou ialways are up to him, I must say." "I wish you were," retorted (ollier. " Why, you kop' me waitin' ten lminutes only yesterday, and it was near to cnty the time afore." Collier was not in the beat of tempers; that much was evident to Dick, who replied, for he was fond of prow rbs, as he thought them: "' loft answers is like the running of water e,olin' and pleasant.' So I'll not contradict ye, (George, more than sa; in' that lies is no argumont.'" " Comei, clear out wihi your llies,' or you'll lie here on the floor for a while," returned Collier, angrily. "If you're late iiin the morinr' I'll report you." "ireport away," retorted Dick. "It's a pity ye ran't ceep sober, George. '\\\ ino is a mocker and beer is ragim',' as Mr. Rlobinson tells me. So good night, and I'll relieve you early ias you like. Good night !" SGood-night," replied Collier, half sulkily. Beer is ragin', is it? Well, then, 1 hadn't any worth speaklin' about. Only spirits. What's that ?" lie listened intently, but the sound, whatever it was, was not inmmediately repealted, and he was too busy to attend to anything but his duties for some minutes. At length, what appeared to him to be a trip at the door, roused him, and lihe tunoed towards it. T'lhe door slowly opened and a female form came into the full hlazo of the gars-light. Collier involuntarily retreated. Ilis hand pressed I:c.n lhis forehead as if he looked upon a ghost. I-s hair almoot stood up in his terror, and he could not uitter a word. " Don't yoe know me, George?" lie knew her now. The voice was enough. But he put oit his aniu iis if to thrust her out. "LGo, go-leave me in peace. IKnow ye-yes, I 10io- only too well. Oh, Lucy-Lucy Raymond why thac\ you come bhack?" CHAPTEI'R XIII. TH'i TIIASNTOsM LlOt.cOTI10'f? " YVoc'n not going to torn your biack ipon me It was a heartppeal to his ohl love iand tender. ges whichle sIhe had beIrayed ; and vet Tiicy did not eroi to thiink of the injury Shie hladl done. Shi woanicd help, and did not hesitate to stoop toobh lain it. i]ht Collier turned away fronm her, and sat in Silence looking over tihe railcway. " George," she continued, approaching, but not touchieing himi, "George, don't scorn me, for I eannot bear it. I'd rathler lie, down upon the rails there and bie killed ithan Ihinik y3oui despised me. For olid lities, the happy days--" "Old t'les! Ain't ye a'hamol to iomo hlere talking of old tilmes arid Ihappy:davs ? Who made tllim rirrhappy to remnember? Who but yourselt turned my love to bitterness and rin away ? And nowe you come hak---- Well, no\er miilnd how. Wiho uin tell wetheer youl are mnrin ed or notl.? " " I was--I num married. Oh. creorge, don't be sc h rl ! T' You ar' the only person I would coome to. My hulsand.l--.." A violent expression rose to Georgo's lips, but: he controll, d himself. " PMy husband took me to lndia. lie, I thought, doveircd m,,; and whoen I found he was not an olicer as I fancied, I rebelled. lie is-dead I be. liseve-killed by Sepboys; and now I hlave come back to beg your pardon, ind die most llikole." Georgo look id at her as she spoke, and sho per. coived she had moade an impression upon him. She was pretty and neat, and lear figure, more rounded andl maitroly t1han sf yore, would have been con sidered good by competent judges. There was a earewssing look in her eyes is they met his, and hIis stern gazo softened as it rested upon her, for had hie not loved- did lie not still love, this woman, rind here she was again by his side, almost touching h;im. Ile stood up beside her for a moment, and then witht a sidden movement put his arm around her. She was startled but made no sign. Correctly sho hIil es itmated Collier. She had played upon the old strings--his devotion and his former passion. She hI ol reated ssymplathy for herself, and might yet obtain his assItiance in her views and plans. Soshe did not shlrink from his emlirace. lie clasped her tightly to his side and felt his ehoit healling fast against her bosoms. What if she wser free, she might in time ie his wife, so pretty as she was and so mllch better in her manner qulite a lade. Lucy made no resistance. She was ,pa..Sive in his clasp, but her pretty head just--as it were 'snconseiously-droplscd a little to his broad shouilders, asd her eyes met his pleadingly. So pleading were they, that George understood lthem at oncer. They aippeared to ask him not to take ; dvar:,itge of her repentance, but to treat her well beriausse he might win her if lihe chose. Ile was (orely tempted to kiss her, and made as if to do so s. 'neveor'preventing him ; but he did not venture, and he let her go. She was disappoitced, and a shade of annoyance crossed her face. She had counted on that, for she lknow George Collier's nature, and felt that she might win him by permitting a caress, for which she did not care the least, except inasmuch as he mnight be attracted by, it, and do as she required hlim to do. A pupil.of the Syron Vivien was Lucy Layton. Collier released her with a jerk; and, as a man of his temperament might be expected to do, he kept at a distanconow. He would not trust himself within reach of the woman he still loved, for he felt hlie might offend. But he did not know how much ebo wished he would offend, so that he might be made esubissive; butall of course within most proper boeunsd'. " I suppose I'd better go. I don't know what peiople ill say if they knew I was here. I can, perhIps, get at bed at the inn, though it is late." "tYes, the house is pretty well closed up by now," replied George, standing helplessly aloof, wishing to be, Ibut not daring to go, near her. "Yo can't reaulllin hero, Lucy." "lNo, and the child wants looking after," she answered. Th child- Laton's ildI-Liston's child. George had quite firgttten that. Site was a wife and mother; what lusiins ihad he to Iisa her or to love hlier now? P T'lih mention of the child brought all his manhood Ibck I its iproper channel, and George Collier was ihin?elf tugihl. ie had been very nearly carried iswasy, but the old lore had been put iaside, Ii'ey perceived what was passing in his mind, and her l a tee instincts recognised the restraint which 1,e u1t pan. Ihimself, though it was no part of her ln ai t policy to permit hlim to go scot free. lis tai a?l p?iotcction--hi asistanco at any mto--wna necessary for her, and she determined to make use of him. " Whore am I to go, then ?" she aslked simply. "Of course I can't go to your house,but father-" "No, I suppose not," he answered, scarcely heeding what he said, as his attention was taken up by his duties. "No, ye can't go to my house," he added, more steadily ",there would be fine gossip." "What do I care for gossip," she said. " And now, George Collier, I've something to ask of you; , nobody tells me truth about it. Where's father '" "Your father? Jack Raymond, dye mean? Why, don't ye know, 3Irs. Layton ?" " Knowe-what? Don't call mo Mrs. Layton, George. I don't know anything. I went to find him, and he wasn't at home." " Yes; he is at home," replied George: solemnly. "He is at home. He'll never come back hero again. He's dead." "Dead! Dead! Oh, George Collier, yo don't mean that? Tell me now-at once?" She was greatly excited and perplexed. He remained silent, and in the few moments which elapsed, the whirring noise of the blazing gas was distinctly heard by both. "Yes, he was killed, on the railway the very night you ran away with that soldier." "Yes. Go on; go on. God help me!" "Well, that night-threo years ago, nearly, I supposo it is--he saw a ghost-an appearance." "A ghost!" gaspedthowoman. " Goon." "Yes, two ghosts," he said. "One was a female figuro; the other a man, or the appearance of a man; and they passed the line yonder by the tunnel. What's the matter ?" Lucy had turned as white as a sheet, and sank down upon the bench in terrified silence. After a minute or two she again looked up. Her face was ashy pale; her eyes were staring into vacancy. The child she hold in her arms uttered a plaintive cry, and she roused herself to quiet it. " Well ?," she said, hoarsely. "Yo frightened me, that ye did," said the signalman. "I never thought yo holievedinghosts any more than me. HIowsomdever, poor old Jack he sees them, and ho makes across the line to find out whether they were the appearances he had seen before, ye remember?" " Yes, yes, I see it all now. Oh, father, father, I've keilled you! It's a judgment on me." "You're off your hecad a bit to-night, I believe," rem?arked the signalman, not very sympathetically. "What had you to do with it. lie never know yeo ranned away. Bill told me. I1o saw ye. Ah, he did." "And told fathor? It killed him. Oh, father -poor father !" "Killed him! No. The train killed him,. HIe was huntin' for these 'appearances' amn the 'fast goods'-that very one as is a comin' up presently Joe Brown was drivin' it-come out of the tunnel and knocked poor Jack over. Ile didn't suffer, poor chap. It was all done in a wink like. It wasn't your fault, Lucy." The honest guileless man even then attempted to console the woman who had so ruthlessly wrecked his life, and who had caused her father's death. "Don't touch me," she almost screamed. "I tell you I killed him. There was no ghost. Frank and I crossed the line many a time, and we did it that night too." This fact took time to penetrate to George's brain. Stubborn things, like facts did, as a rule, take time to reach his mind if they were unconnected vith the railway and its signals. But in a moment or two he perceived that the "ll,ppearances" were due to llluy and her lover. George Collier turned away, and looked out at the door of the signal-box. lie was not in a mood for love now. It was a lovely night, ncaring tihe witching hour. Thse stars glitterod overlicead, anld winked through the gathering moisture. The moon was setting slrac:dy, and only a faint gleam was in the sky. All was bluoe-a beautiful eapphire blue-and not a breath of air was stirring. 'I here was sa noise of some kind lorno to the signalman upon the air. It came from the direction of tho"e hops" some distan'e away, and had not Col icr been cerlain that nobody was likely to bring out a locomotive at that hour, he would have fancied that an engine was slowly coming, up the inoe. lie lists n?d for 'a second or two longer, and the noise increased in ever-rising loudness. Do hurried down tihe steps to the metals, and lay down upon the permanent way, with his car sulon the rail. "(Good God!" he muttrresd, "theto's something colling up, and I've had no walning. It's not a specis !; it isn't fast enough. It ain't i' goods;' it's not isheavy enough. It's an empty engine, i'll be An empty engine! There was nothing vosy alarming in an engine without a train; such esgines are known on the railway as " empty," but the tinlm and the myosteriotus manner of its slow approach, quite unanneounced, puzrled the man. " ' ts curious, by .lingo,!" he said,, as he rose and ascended tile steps. 'l'hen talting his lampi he left his signal at danger, arnd leaned out as far as he could to get a look an the intruder, and hail the driver. There was no mistake abret it. Ans engine was coming along the line, tender first, at a slow speed, but increasing its pace as it pro ceded, as the signahnan's praeticed car delncted as so n as the loclotivo came round the cureo. "\Whatrver is the matter P' inquired Lucy. " Anything wrong. (hor:?; c" - lie made no answer, and she relapsd into silence and distressful lioughts. Collier was hatgimg out hlis Inmp. Thie engine came on, unhecdinl the red danger signal in the lanthorn nlld on t} e Fem: phorle. It approached with , gli ilng, chos il motion; the great \ heells revohlvinrg; lmost Ioieelcs.d? it secured. No steam issued from the valere; no whidtlo sounded through the trees and awoke the echoes froem the hill behind them. A thin stream of smoke: and stlai rose from the funnel, and the Phantoml Eng ne glided on. " i m.ver ciaw the like of this," said the terrified sies.nalnra. "It deoest't look natulal. Who's below ?' " he shouted, as the engine approached, the aib": o' the huge conuecting rods being imperfectly No onswer was returnel. 'The huigo machine gl ded on imajeslieally, and never slaelt nod speed, nor was any wtlutlo sounded. 'lie signals were dead eag'inot the driver. " I tllo!" shoutred Collier, leaning out of the w ndwe. " 'ull ulp, nman. Stop!" There was no reply. With unabated, even with increasing speed, the engine pasoed on dark and weird in the starlight, and disappeared in the shadow of the tunnld. There twas a Ltd lling on the feollatc. The engine tIe e r irtttrrntt from the shed. So much Georgo Collier s'w--no more. CIIAPTERIt XV. A TEIIIIILEI nIDE. lie had scarcely time to warn the next box, when lie learld the first " goods" approaching. A sudden thought occurred to him., He was sure that the goods had two ongines attached, and the pilot, as ihe know, went no farther tllan N- . If he could get it detached, the runaway mlight be caught beforo any mischlref was done. Ito blocked tile line at once and called I.uc. " Can ye stand by tihe instruments for a bit t" he askoed. "Ye used to know them." - " I remember them well," shie answered, seeling that something wits wrong aiud she might help. "Yes, I can signal well enough." S'lhon wait there till I come back," he said. "fiind the child ; put him on the flour." "It's a girl, George," she iaid, ias she laid the infant in the corner, well wrapped in a ihawl. " Sho's fiast asleep now." Scarcely had she turned when the fast " goods " drew out of the tunnel, and pulled tiup in ieeponser to George's signal. " here we are, stopped againi," shouted the man who was driving the folerslt engine or " pilt." " What' the stntter tosright? I believe this cuttling's bewitched." "Did ye pass an enigine ," inquired George. " A big one, tender first, gain' slow." "Aye, and eias I to my mate, I says, that's the Watson.' Didln't I, Fret1 ? " " Yes, we both says it," assented Fred, who did 0ot wish to be left out of the question and discovery. "Wo've no time for talking," replied Collier; "uncouple your ' pilot' and lot's follow him upi; the governor's son is aboard of it. I saw tile gold hind on his cap." "Young Masteor Ed'ard on that big engin', why sho'll drag his arms off if he tries to run her. Lord A'mnighty Fred, tarte up." " All right," replied the active Fred. " Hero's a pretty row. Stop the trains behind us, and we'll pick him up. Ready, mato? " "Aye, aye. Stand clear, Georgo." "I'm gorn' with yo. I've got a inato in the bIox nll right. Now, run to the cross-over, and I'll put ye across to the up.line." The engine rapidly reached the points, and with the hand.lamp Georgeo ignalled to the box, and Luoy rapidly changed the points from the box. " They've got pretty bit o' start," remarked the d:iver. is he put on the steam and pulled up his lever. "These goods engines ain't as speedy as thoe uIdl to L:e." ~Li'ccly were tho words spoken when the tunnel was gainedl, and in two minutes the engino had cnwrged -*t tho other side, and pulled up to inquire whether any warning had come from the next box ahead at the station two miles away. " No," replied the man; " I heard nothing pass. I suspect ye're all on a wild goose chaso-a phantom engine like the old story my grandfather told about at ship--" "Tell it to your grandmaother," retorted Collier. " I saw it with young iMaster on it." " Go on, then; yo're all clear. I'll protect ye," said the old man, not meaning to usurp the fune tions of Providence, but intending to stop all fol lowing trains. Again the chase was renewed and this time con finued. The small wheels of the goods engine were revolving at a tremendous pace-a rate they had never been intended to run- along the level, rattling and roaring; along the embankment, catch ing es glimpse of the dawn, and then plunging into a cutting in which the fire wasreflected, and seemed to surround the engine as in a conflagration. Then again emerging as the banks on each side sank down with a rapid roar, and gave place to fields, the furrows in which leaped across from side to side, and the fence raced the engine to the end of the field, till it came to a sudden stop, and held its breath ase the rapid locomotive disappeared again. It was a terrible ride, and none of the men on the pursuing engine mknw how far or how fast the run away might have run. A curve was rapidly turned after about fifteen minutes' racing, and a long piece of straight line, terminating in a steepish gradient, led into the Great Hamble Station-a busy place, with chimneys and furnaces roaring, wheels whirring, and much clanking of great hammers day and night. " We shall got a glimpse of her now," said the engine- driver. "If we can't catch her up on the level, sheo'll kill somebody sure as d, ath." " Is the mail duo, George?" asked the fireman. " What has the dcown mail to do with it," he replied. " WT're on the up line." "This much," continued the fireman. "Ther's cross over points near here- . By Jove there's the mail, and we can, perhaps, race the ' Watson.' " "There she is," exclaimed George, unheeding the fireman. " Now let us wire in and catch her up." "I say no," interposed the fireman. " Look here, mate, you knows as well as me that we can't catch up the runawayon the down grade. We must catch her before that and keep her fast, else she'll run ahead oven at her present speed." "What do you mean then--beo quick i" " Let us hurry to the points ahead. where she is about now. Cross over, get the line blocked, and run in on the down line and pull her up. There's a iWhistle, listen!" " Good for you, Fred," was the driver'r reply, and, with a rush of steam, the "goods" engine soon covered the interveningground. Thorunawa) engine was nearing the top of the incline on the up lino. The men proposed to cross to the other metals, and run alongside them to catch the loose enginc. George Collier ran up into the box, and told the signalman. Altering the points, and blocking the line between them, theose two men waited the result. The engine sped on now at a furious pace, and a regular chase began. The huge locomotive had all this time been going leisurely, but, just as it had passed the long curve, a somewhat rude shock had released the break, till then partly on the tender wheels, and had awaked the lad lying upon the footplate. He rose staggering to his feet, and gazed dreamily around. What did it mean? His first ideawas that it was a terrible dream, but the increasing pace, the regular beat of the pistons, the rattle of the tender, soon aroused him to a sense of his position. The engine had got loose. It was running away with him! "What's that! A whistle behind him. The shrill sound thoroughly awoke him to his danger. lie had no idea where he was, and expected almost instant death. But the lad had presence of mind enough to blow the whistle and to try to shut off the steam. But the regulator was new and stiff. It would not move. Lie could not close the valve! The whistle was heard, however, both by the pursuing engineers and by the men near the Great Hamble Station, where some consternation was felt at the already signalled approach of the Phantom. Proparations had already been madoe for turing the engine into a siding, but the news from the last box that a boy was on the footplate, changed these ideas, and the line was clearcd, while an engine was already moving upon the other line ready to start at speed and grapple it. However, all these precautions were happily in necessary. The boy was surprised and de'ighted to hear the goods engine gaining upon him, and though he could not shut the regulator valve, he was able by tremendous effort to pull back the lover and so reduce the steam a little in the cylinders. This effort was almost more than lie could accom plish, but fortunately practice stood him in good stead, and in a few miles more the engines ran side by side. The driver of the "goods " engine then went for ward, and, biding his time, leaped upon the broad plate and buffer-beam over the front wheels of the new engine. In a moment he bad gained the foot plate, and, with a powerful arm, had wrenched back the regulator valve, and all danger was over. ... "Thank you," said the lad, firmly enough. "I will not forgot you. What's your name ?" The driver told him, and then as the two engines were brought to Great IIamblo as quietly as if nothing had happened, the boy inquired how they had ascertained he had booeen adrift on the loco motive. "It was George Collier as saw you, sir. lie noticed it and stopped our train, and then my mate, Fred, here, he said we had better run across and alongside of ye, and then-" " You risked your life to stop my runaway horse," interrupted the lad. "Give me your hands, friends; I think I can promise you something handsome for your bravery. Where is Collier ?" They told him, and then the young engineer insisted upon taking the engine back again, piloted by the goods to the shops. They had run fll thirty miles in about thirty-live minutes. "Pretty smart going," remarked the young man; the last bit was speedy, eh '" "Yes, sir. Ye went easy at first, but when we got on the grade it was a mercy as we caught yo up," replied the driver. "But how could you leave your signals, Collier? Won't any harm come of that ?" "I left a person in charge," replied the man, reddening. '"Quito accidentally an old friend, who's used to signals, came, and ho-she I mean-is in the box." As soon as the tunnel had been cleared and the familiar cutting regained, the signalman and the young man ascended the stops and found Lucy standing at the instrument quite self-possessed. The lovely little girl was sleeping peacefully beside the great signal levero. Young Watson advanced and thanked her, and then stood gazing at her and the little girl--a well grown babe, scarce one year old. As he looked tihe child awoke, and, opening her tinyarmcs, l'usghed stthe comely face of the boy, though now his skin sas not free from dust. "How curious !" he exclaimed. " There is quite a likeness to somebody I know. Who is it, I wonder? Thank you," he continued, turning to Lucy. "I am much obliged to you all. Good night. I will see you again. Good- night." Lucy's heart fell when she heard him speak of the likeness. The boy had seen it, too. The child was like leer father, Colonel Deane, and Edward Watson know it. ''bis was the first firuit of her deception l (To be continued.) A suorr-norx has been called "an introduction," and other metaphorical namess; but it frequently leads to unpleasant familiarity, extremely difficult to repress. Brummoll, many years ago, gave an ad mirable rebuke at a party in Portman-square. On the removal ofe the cloth, the snuff- boxes made their appearance, and Brummoll's was particularly admired I It was handed round, and a gentleman, finding it rather difficult to open, incautious:y applied a dessert knife to the lid. Poor Brummell was on thorns; at lIst ?he could not contain himself any longer, and, addressing his host, said, with his clharacteristic quaintness: "'Will you be good enough to toll your friend that my snuff-box is not an oyster ?" lMASTERc of freehand drawing-Pickpockets. Puorp.en costume for an elopoment-A cutaway Jacket. liXAsINEni in zoology, to small nspirant: " Can you teloll me anything peculiar about tihe cuckoo, in regard to nesting?" Student: "Yes, sir. Please, sir, he don't lay hia own eggs hisself, air!' A TuAvelLLe., describing a tropical shower, said: "T'h rain-dropa varied in alze, from a shilling to elghteenpene." 