THE HEIR OF THE AGES. By JAMES PAYN, Author of ' Lost Sir Massingberd,' ' Fallen Fortunes,' ' The Best of Husbands,' &c;, &c;,; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.1 Chaitee XXVI.— Ootside the Window. It was the same room in which she had had that first interview with him on her arrival at Burrow Hill, when his naturalness and good huBcor had put her at her ease and convinced her that there was one person at least in that strange house with whom she would be able to 'get on.' But his reception of her on this occasion was very different. 'Oh, happy hour !' he whispered beneath his breath, and drew her to his breast, and kissed her again and again. ' You got my letter, then,' she said softly, as though excusing herself for submitting to these cai esses, which the consciousness that she* had acknowledged her love for him made, in truth, a thousand times more intoxicating. ' Of course I did, my darling, and shall wear it next my heart till you take its place,' was the ardent rejoinder. ' Think what it has cost me to reply to it; and think,' he added with a glance at the unclosed door behind which they stood, 'what a need for caution there must be which imposed upon me such a cruel silence.' 'But there is no need now,' said the girl, withdrawing from him with a sudden impulse. ' Indeed there is, darling, and more than ever. You will surely put a little trust in me !' he pleaded ; for her face had suddenly grown very grave. 'You will not misconstrue or misconceive my motives, as others have done, when I say that for some time yet we must needs keep bur love a secret?'' 'I cannot do it — not even for your sake,' she answered firmly. a ' But you have done it, already, dearest.' 'With Mary, it was different. I owe her no such duty as I owe Mrs. Melburn; but under her roof there must be nothing clan destine. If I deceived her, I should be un worthy of you.' ' You do not know how ill she is, Lizzie.' 'That would only make it worse— to deceive a sick, perhaps a dying, woman ! How can you ask it of me V ' Because Hove you so ; because the thought of any hindrance to our union drives me wild. Hindrance! Nay, there would be flattest denial. You do not know my stepmother's obstinate nature, nor my father's pride.' ' I am proud, too, in my way,' returned Miss Dart. Her shapely figure was drawn up to its full height; her eyes sparkled with a light that was new to him. She was resolute, it was plain, to have her will; and yet, as he gazed upon her, and bit his lip in doubt and fear, he could not withhold his admiration. It seemed to him that her beauty had never shone so gloriously before. 'There is only one way,' he murmured mechanically, 'Give' me till to-morrow. Promise me at . least this much — that for twenty-four hours you will not disclose the— . the relations between us,' 'I do not like it,' said Miss Dart doubt fully, and yet remorseful of her doubt. It was terrible to her to have to oppose him ; almost as terrible as that sharp, quick ' pang at ner heart — caused by she scarce knew what — which had made her step back from him a few minutes ago. ' Do you suppose I like it?' he exclaimed bitterly. ' Do you think it will be easy or pleasant for me, for even twenty-four hours, to keep at a distance from you, to treat you as if nothing had passed between us, to put a pad lock on my lips, to veil my eyes, to hide the 1 thoughts — the loving, blissful thoughts — that consume my soul ? Oh, Lizzie 1 to refuse my first request, and that so slight a one !' His words, uttered with passionate vehe mence, but in suppressed, scarcely audible tones, melted her heart within her ; but what moved her even more were his pleading eyee, his beseeching looks, his strong arms held forth . in piteous expostulation. 'I do not refuse it,' she answered, with her _ hand upon her heart, as though to restrain its wild and unaccustomed beating. ' I will keep our secret till to-morrow.' ' For that, much thanks. It is the last time that I shall ask you to give way to any 'wish of mine ; henceforth, it is your will in all things that shall be my law — the law of love.' Again he took her to his arms and kissed her ten derly—then suddenly started back with au ex clamation. 'What is it?' she enquired, her manner almost composed by contrast with his agitation and alarm. 'Nothing. I thought I saw a man's shadow through the window:; my father is somewhere in the grounds, and it he should have seen ' Well, and what then ?' she put in disdain fully. ' He will know to-day what he will have to be told to morrow, that is all. What have we to be ashamed of ?' 'Nothing indeed,' he answered eagerly ; 'but you' do not know my father, what would nappen — should he discover our secret — would be, that you would packed boma at once, and I — well, packed of. What then again ? yon may eay.' He broke oS abruptly, and fell to pacing the little loom. ' Well, by heaven, I believe you are right. A woman's iBBtinct is sometimes better than all the wis dom of the serpent. On the whole, I believe it would be the best thing that could happen. You would go to your aunt's house, of course ; and I would take lodgings in the same parish for three week — that is necessary I believe, to secure a license. Or, still better, wecouldgotoa registry-office ; you are not one to care about orange-flowers, and bridesmaids, and all' the paraphernalia of the altar. Why ehould I not call you mine at once?' 'That was not my proposition,' said Miss Dart. ' I wish.you to do nothing rash or with out consideration.' ' I am sure you don't — the proposal comes from me. I am not a young gentleman under \- age or just of age. I am my own master — that is, until I knew you. Now, I am your slave.' It was pleasant to bet to hear him call him self eo— this strong- willed and impetuous man, of whom so many stood in fear — even if she did not quite believe it ; as to his offer, she did not take the same view of it as other girls, no better, if better placed, might have done ; the . standpoint from which she viewed it was so different ; she had pride enough, but her pride inclined her to it. She resented the contempt which, as he implied — and, no doubt, with good reason—the squire would regard her. She knew herself superior to the whole race of Melburns (save one) from the -Conquest down wards. Birth and blood were nothing to her, wealth she did not desire ; if the major had re presented himself to her as a man of fortune, instead of one with moderate means, it would not have affected her a hair's breadth in his favor ; it would, indeed, have* been to bis dis advantage, since, in taking him, she might have been taking something away from others. It seemed to her that she had no less a right to make her choice of him than he had of her. That she could make him a good wife, she felt assured ; she was ready to sacrifice herself to him in all ways, and at the same time to bene fit those belonging to him. Whatever in fluence she might have on him and h's family, and to disabuse their minds from the prejudices they entertained against him. She would, above all, be in a position to oppose the designs of Mr. Winthrop should he still attempt to prosecute them. All these con siderations preBsedupon her mind. What she was not so conscious of, was that his passion was re-echoed and responded to in her own heart by an equal yearning. If love consumed him as he had said, it also burnt in her, though with a far purer and steadier flame. She had spoken to him with apparent calmness and deliberation, but it had cost her much to do so ; she had longed to say, even to that proposition of secrecy, and, as it had seemed to her, even of duplicity, '? Whatever you please, , dearest; to be assured of your love is all I ask ;' and now, when what he proposed in volved no dereliction of duty, why should she hesitate to make him happy? His scheme, perhaps, was somewhat audacious ; but it was not like an elopement proposed by a young heir, but only a takiDg of the bull by the horns —a bold method of doing away at a stroke With the obstructions that stupidity and con- - vention were certain to offer to their union. In delay there was certainly danger, and to boHi* of them ; why should she run tbe risk of their happiness being sacrificed at the altar of family pride ? ' If I am thrust out of these doors through no fault of mine,' she answered, after a long silence, ' I am ready to do as you think best and wisebt.' ' If you are thrust out of these doors, my darling,' repeated the major, with tender earnestness, 'my arms will be open to you. In the meantime, while you remain here, be surprised at nothing that happens.' He pressed his lips to her forehead, as if in sign and seal of their agreement, and noiselessly left the room. ^ She stood awhile half- dazed, but wholly happy, till the unaccustomed hush and silence in the houBe reminded ber that all is not love in tbe world ; while she had been partaking of its raptures what a scene of misery was in all probability being enacted above-stair ! Gould the love be worthy, she asked herself in bitter self-reproach, that made her, even for a few minutes, oblivious of the fact? — and yet, and yet — was she to blame that human nature had been too strong for her ? White, and silent as a ghost, she hurried through the empty hall and up the stairs to her own room, whither, as she guessed, Mary would presently come to ' fetch her ; but instead of taking off her bonnet . 'and shawl she sank down on a chair, overcome . by a tumult of emotions. Throngh the open, windows, which looked out immediately on a ' small shrubbery leading .to a paddock, where,' tbe cattle we're standing under the treea, came all those tranquil ' sounds * which ' 8«em to ' intensify th3 noonday silence of the summer. The dreamy c&V; P* the rooks, the cockcrow from some distant farmyard, the swishing of the cows' tails, the swing' of the bough released from the weight of the blackbird — it seemed as though, like Fine-Ear in the fairy story, she could almost bear the grass grow. Had she done wrong, or had she done right ? Had she been thinking of herself and her own ad vantage all along;, while flattering herself that she was doing her best for others? From all self-seeking in the way of profit or position she could honestly exonerate her self, and leave the court of conscience without stain ; but, in giving way to her lover's persua sions, had she not been conscious of finding for herself an escape from slavery, a termination to a life of ungenial toil ? What would honest and simple-hearted Aunt Jane say when she came to hear' of her engagement, or rather what would she probably think of it while locking her thoughts in her own heart lest they should do her darling wrong? And if even Aunt Jane should not arraign her could Mrs. Melburn, and thoEe who thonght with her on such subjects, be blamed for imputing selfish aDd unworthy motives ? Here, the fragrance of a cigar was borne on the summer breeze, and a footstep that she jmew passed close beneath the open window ; then an angry voice cried, 'Jefferson, a word with you;' and the footsteps halted; others came up to where they stopped, and she felt that the squire and his son were standing within a few yards of where she sat, and were about to speak of her. Whether it was her duty to rise and let them know that she waa within earshot, it is difficult to say; bat Nature had decided for her. Her limbs were paralysed— not, indeed, with fear, but with a certain dread expectancy ; her tongue clove to the roof of her mouth.' She could only picture to herself the two men standing face to face Mr, Melburp, jiale' with rage, and the m*jor with that quiet imperturbable look which ha always wore in times of variance with his people, _ ' I will thank you to pursue none of your disgraceful intrigues, sir, under my roof,' were' the squire's first words, terrible words indeed ; but even while they rang in her burning ears, Miss Dart did not forget the nature of the speaker, or the circumstance that drew them from bis lips. The squire was just the man who in his moments of fury, exaggerates the crime of an offender and generalises an ?accu- sation for the_ very purpose of embittering it. 'Indeed, sir, you are doing me wrong,' was thejiuiet reply. She could see him, though the 'wall was between them, flicking away the ash from' his cigar and smiling- confidently under his moustache. ' I know the morality of your profession as to falsehood, where a woman is concerned,' an swered the squire contemptuously; 'or else I should say you were lying.' 'I hope you will not say that, sir,' replied the major not pleadingly, but in a tone of sup pressed menace. ' Let me say at once, then, that I happened to be passing by the study window ten minutes ago, and thereby save you the trouble of further subterfuge. Perhaps you will explain, with as little circumlocution as the case admits, how you came to be kissing my daughter's companion. -. - 'Nothing is simpler, sir; indeed, if this inquisition had not taken place, it was my intention this very day to have told you — not indeed that I had kissed Miss Dart, which is, after all, a superfluous detail ; but that I had found it necessary for both our sakes to secure her as an ally in a certain affair which is at least as important as a flirtation with a governess,' 'You admit the flirtation, however,' re marked the squire drily. ' Well, yes ; the only means that occurred to me for securing her services/' replied the major coolly, ' was to pretend to make love to her.' Miss Dart shuddered as she listened ; the lie, she felt assured, was uttered for her sake ; but it was no lees a lie. She had read that in men's eyes, or in some men's eyes, all was fair in love and war ; but hitherto with contempt and disapproval. Was it possible that true love could ever be the excuse for an untruth ! The very calmness with which the lie was told appalled her. Could love, and not custom, have given that impressive tone, that confi dence of utterance, which almost to her ears carried conviction with it? 'It has, perhaps, escaped your' notice,' con tinued the major with one pause, owed to a puff of a cigar, 'that Miss Dart, giving way no doubt to certain influences wnich have, been brought, to bear upon her, has all along opposed herself to your wishes in the matter of Mr. Winthrop; a piece of impertinence, you would say'— this no doubt in answer to some contemptuous gesture of the squire's — 'but we must take things as we find them; her opinion has great weight with Mary, and it seemed to ire worth a little trouble to win - her over to our views.' ' Why not have told me all this at once, and let me have sent her packing?' returned the squire quickly. ? 'You know my position here, sir, and how any direct interference of mine, even for Mary's good, would have been resented by Mrs. Mel burn and misrepresented to yourself. I have, as it happens, fallen under your displeasure even as matters stand ; that is my misfortune ; I have done my best and failed, it seems most egregiously. As to Miss Dart, you shall never - have to complain of my speaking one word to her again ; but on the other hand, while she remains under this roof, you may take it for granted that Winthrop's attentions will be persistently discouraged, ' I shall give Miss Dart her conge this very day,' said the squire, with sudden decision/ ' In my opinion, you could not do a wiser thing, sir,' eaid the major indifferently. Miss Dart heard this without surprise ; now that she had once got over the shock of the major's duplicity, tne rest seemed strangely familiar to her — like one of those scenes which we fancy have occurred to us in a previous state of existence. She understood as if she had been at the back of his mind, that his object was to get her out of the house that he might follow her to London at once and marry her. ' -: There was the quick spurt of a match and silence while another cigar was being lit. Then a pause which had no such explanation. The squire was regarding his son with eye3 once more full of suspicion ; the indifference he had shown as to the governess's departure had perhaps been overdone. 'When does your leave expire, sir?' he presently asked, abruptly. . 'It has only just begun,' returned the' major smiling. ' At the risk of being weari some to my family, I thought of living at home for the next six. -weeks.' The squire stroked his chin and nodded his head as if in sign that, having considered the matter, he felt on the whole satisfied. He turned upon his heel as if to. retrace his steps, then suddenly stopped and in grave, quick tones, such as one uses to escape from an unpleasant subject, observed, 'I conclude, Jeffeison, that your wife is still alive?' ' Yes, sir ; she is.' Footsteps upon the gravel dyiDg away in opposite directions, on the one side sharp and decided, on the other, over which hung the tobacco smoke, slow and dawdling — the steps of a careless lounger; then the caw of tne rook and the crow of the cock, and the swishing of the cows' tails in the shade again. All was the same as it had been ten minutes ago ; but in the meantime a life had been shattered. There are wounds which the misconduct of those we love is capable of inflicting on our spiritual nature similar in their effects to those of gunshot wounds on the human frame ; death ensues, but without mutilation ; and there are also catastrophes equivalent to those produced by the bursting of a shell, by which the whole moral being is laid in ruins. Ot these latter victims, one here and there, if he have strength to bear the knife— the lopping away of the last fragments of misplaced trust, the splinters of diseased and morbid love— will sometimes recover; but he is never, ap the phrase goes, ' the same man he was' again. And this thing is still more true in the case of a woman. Chaptee XXVII.— A Tobn of ihe Tide. As the prophet, during the overturning of a pitcher, seemed to himself to have experienced the joys of seven heavens, so he might doubt less have felt during the same time- (had his imagination tended the other way) the pangs of as many hells ; similarly, it was not a minute since the hearing of -that dreadful question — '.I conclude that your wife is alive?' and its * Btill more dreadful answer-^' Yes, sir, she is,' ' that Elizabeth Dart remained motionless in her chair '; but within that minute Were cro wded Euch agonies of emotion as would have sufficed an ordinary soul for its earthly life-time. Then she rose, and, taking up mechanically her little hand bag, stole, with tottering steps, down the back staircase; then passing through the servant's offices (where a cook- maid saw her, and afterwards observed that Miss Dart ' looked as though the were a walking in her sleep'), she reached the carriage drive, aud passed unobserved through the lodge gates. She was bound for Casterton, the only place in the world, save London, where she could find a friend; she would have gone to town from the railway station at once but that she bad no money — not even bo much as was ntcej-taiy to pay her fare. We often glibly .say that the rich have their troubles like the poor; but we fozget to add that the same troublts are increased tenfold in the case of the latter through the absence of the mere means of r« mtdy or escape ; their child may be ill in both cases, but in the one case the doctor cannot be sent for, 'or the remedies he pre scribes cannot be procured; or the home may become hateful and the scene of insult, where . tbe poor inmate has not the wherewithal which the rich one possesses to seek another or even to leave it. The road between 'Elizabeth Dart and des tination was lorjg and hilly'; but, 'under oidinary circumstances, it would -not. faayei tried ler btrenght and youth very severely. , But a laden heart is a heavy burden; and even the physical' difficulties, that lay.'.' belore her . added insensibly to its weight. It would be evening, she dimly reflected; before the atunaut =*«^— rr. ? ' ? — ? *- of Battlt. Hill would loom in sight, even sap posingthat tfhe had the skill to keep the almost trackiees VSf. How wearisome looked the eteep and blinding chalk road ; how desolate ? the treeless downs', which an hour before had reflected, the biightuess of her hope3. In motion, however, especially of a fatiguing kind, our bitterest griefe, though they may not indeed, be assuaged for the time are staunched, which is why Eome men spt^kof *' walking-off' their cares,' as though it were- tbe gout And it was only when at the summit of the firathill, Miss Dart sat down by the wayeidefor breath, that the full consciousness cf her misery began to dawn on her. Curiously enough it was not the sense of her misfortune, but that of bet wrongs which took the foremost place; ex asperation at the injustice with which shebad *been treated, swelled her prond heart well nigh to bursting, and scorched the tears that would otherwise have flowed for her woe3. To put as much space as possible between herself and the roof that sheltered that perfidious slavering snake, Jefferson Melburn, had been her first blind impulse ; but on reflection, if the torrent of angry thoughts that swept - across her mind could be eo termed, the contempt and callous ness of the squire scarcely less aroused her. resentment. The passionate indignation of ' the deceived woman included father aud sou in the same condemnation; it was not 'that 'man' only to think of whom raised the fever of her blood to boiling heat, but ' those men.' The squ're, ' it is true, did not know what had passed between herself and the major; but he knew that,' notwith 6tar-dirg he was vowed to another,|his son had made love to her ; and yet he had' only objected to it as a domestic scandal which might dis advantapeously affect himself; nay, when » persuaded tbat the object of this atcodjoa. duplicity had been to further his own ends, he had actually acquiesced in it as 'only.a flirta tion with a governess !' Great heaven3 ! what was this race of profligates and schemers that, to further one nefarious plan, the happiness and reputation of a friendless girl should not weigh with them a feather weight? ' And my blocd, too, is not ditch water,' was the reflec tion she would have borrowed from another's lips had she been in the humor for quotation. However we glaze aud hide the matter, our resj.ect for those whom we conventionally term our ' betters' is but the thinnest crust, which one. stamp from the foot of insolent, injustice destroys for ever ; and, in . the case of » naturally independent spirit, sets free a lava stream of fiery hate, the existence of which, but for that unlucky rent, would never have been suspected, the contemptuous indifference which such a nature opposes to mere annoyance easily passing for submission, or «_veu ac quiescence. ' It is of this sort and by this means - that, in unquiet time?, revolutionists are manu factured. Elizabeth Dart had nothing in her composition of the petroleuse, nor could she under any circumstances have become vindic tive ; but her whole soul revolted against the social system which she held responsible for her wrongs. Nay, to borrow an historic phrase which well describes the sudden and yet- per manent change which had taken place in her character, ' it was not a revolt, it was a revolu tion.' In the tumult of her mind, and the wide £weep of its indignation, Mrs. Melburn her self did not escape reproach ; if that lady sus pected, as it was almost certain die did, that her stepson was paying his attentions to. a gjrl beneath her roof, to whom, by all laws -of hospitality, sbe stood in the place of a parent, ' . was it not her plain duty to nave warned her that they must of necessity, be of a dishonor able nature ? It was true tr at she had evinced displeasure at what had seemed to be the Eigns of familiarity or of a mutual understand ing between the major and her governess? Bat that was explicable enough ; on selfish grounds! she had objected to any alliance with her enemy. But cognisant, as she must needB be. of his being a married man, it was shameful of her not to have spoken out, and, with how-, ever rough a tand, dragged her from the precipice on which she stood. ? If the squire had been callous and brutal, his wife's conduct, being a woman, was worse, and could only have been accounted for on worse grounds— namely, that having failed to secure her as a partisan, she was not displeased to see her bringing on herself a punishment, 'the extre mityof which waa practically without limit. To do Elizabeth Dart justice, however, this odious accusation flashed with lurid light bnt for a moment acrdbs ' her -mind, - which shrank with horror from the-very pic tore of its own devising. She felt that she had done the dying woman a wrong as grievous, ' though only in her thoughts, as had been in flicted on herself in practice ; that either ; the - major's marriage must have been a' secret to - all but his father, or that the-seriOus character ' of his attentions to herself must have .escaped ' ' Mrs. Melburn'a notice. As for Mary, there was still rcom in her brnised arid embittered heart for pity for her as she thought of the - pain which her sudden and unexplained de parture must needs inflict upon that gentle nature.' To what would sheattnbiite tMs abrupt desertion of her in that day of distress, ^and' , perhaps «f need? , What would she do when -.- she found that she had fled ? . ' .' .-:;- ? ;~T There wasaEomid of wheels upon thehillhe- : hind her. Was it possible that, havingdis- -? - covered her flight, and the direction it had- ' taken, she was coming after her to induce her to ' ? '': return? Or could it be that man himself, un conscious of that revelation of his baseness? Her heart stood still within her at the thought. How hateful had that smiling face, those gracious and confiding tones, the very form . whose strength, and Bymmefzy had once - charmed her eyes, become. She pictured him now saying, always, with sullen, indifferent face, 'Yes, sir; my wife is still alive.' As the vehicle came in sight she -recognised with great relief the fly in which she had come from Casterton, and which, after the horses had rested and been refreshed at the inn, was doubtless returning thither. In this little - matter at least, fortune, which' owed her so much of reparation, had favored her. The driver's momentary astonishment at her request to be taken back to the Look- out was quenched*at once in the satisfaction of pocket ing a return fare, and she took her seat un questioned. A mile further on they met the cart containing -the luggage of herself and Mary ; and while what belonged. to her was ??. being transferred from it to her own vehicle, she took the opportunity of writing a few pen- - cilled lines— in French, to escape Do wnsnire : eyes — to Mary— . ? - ? : ?:..-.'' -' In consequence of a conversation, to which : I was ah unwilling listener, between, your father and Major Melburn - this afternoon, ? there is no course open to me but to leave Burrow Hafl. Forgive the uneasiness -that my. departure must needs have caused you, and tbe inconvenience -which I fear, will ensue from, it ; and under all circumseances be assured of my affection. I will write to you from. London.' This explanation, bald and curt as it looked, ehe felt would be sufficient, and, at . the same time, inflict no unnecessary pain. It would be . taken for granted by the two ladies : that the squire's resolution to give her ' her congi that . very day' — to the utterance of- which ne would . be obliged to confess— had been anticipated by her own act; while .the major himself would. . be at no loss to understand the true reason of . * her departure — namely, tbe. revelation of hi* treachery and falsehood from hia own lips. What his plan had been— if his recklessness and pasBion had admitted of a plan — it was . difficult to say. The subject was one which his proposed victim- naturally shrank from specu lating upon ; but he had probably intended to . follow her to London, where, having ingratiated .. himself — an easy task — more and more into her confidence and affections, he would presently _ have imposed upon her .by a mock marriage. Humiliating as were the moral aspects of the case, they were hardly less so than those of her ? financial condition. The very money, that was owis g to her for her salary, and on which alone she could look for subsistence for the present, seemed to her less like honest earnings than. the wages of shame. The idea of accepting a . similar post to that which she had filled at Burrow Hall had become abhorrent to hex ; to live on the scanty means of Aunt Jane, «yerl for a day, was not to be thought of; and nothing, therefore, remained to her -but to eeek for a situation in some seminary, such as { she had filled before, and had left with such a : sense of enfranchisement. How. she had beaten ? her wings against the bars, and pined for open , ... air; and now, having tasted-. of it— only at Casterton, however; for that which she had * breathed under the same roof with -Jefferson-, Melbuin seemed now mere choke-damp and „- miaijua. — she must needB go back to prison, - perhaps for the remainder of her days ! And she was not yet five:and-twenty ! ? Her aspirations, too, whicn had hitherto / supported her in all her troubles— nay, the in spiration, as it bad almost seemed, which now acd again had taken possession of her soul— had vanished. It could not be said that Mr. Argand's letter had flattered it into existence, for it bad dwelt within her, in some dun shape, as long ss ehe could remember ; but his en couragement had given it. form and lent it wings, 'i hough the paper she had written for the Al ikenmum hadiailen far short of what she had expected of herself — for who of us who think at all are satisfied with the expression of our thought*— she had secretly believed it to j^otstss mtrit far above the common. The- flattering unction which the neophyte ia literature can inmost oases apply to the wound of disappointment as regards styto or ' appropiateness to our columns, was denied, to her. It waa not her fi»t nor her tweutwth. production ; the composition had been as good as she could make it, while, though it w*» true fche had read no such aunihar mingling of description and rtflection in jhe page*. «f th» Millennium, the very speciality of ttw re view was its originality and freedom from con vention The faQure of her coatnbu&oa; must therefoie. have arisen fro^want of t rr,eiit. WbattbJH»y«»e .expettfincfrriji;-aMia , matters was significant of her utt^^fljpression was that shedid not' for a;-mcmera££«B«tum.j ? ? Ifcr. Argsnd's judgfflient-m-tiwaMttwigarleiw did ctae dream imputing a want ot^indnaaL: to bis- BUence, He «y^eBtiy, *hongfc» ' that Jus :fi»t jmpiraBaQo: si ^ii&fWgr; : bad toeen a false ow* andr Wift to ljive.her.any further encouragement would ;be an act of cruelty. Mis. Meyrick would give Beriodgment for the sight, no doubt, and her fixed intention iipon finding herself in her own room was to destroy every manuscript she possessed, and put. an end once for all to her false hopeB in that direction, as lier false hopes in another had been done to death by a more cruel bnt not more relentieBB hand. For the rest of 'her natural life she most make -up her . Blind to be a drudge; a fate accepted with resignation by tens of thousands— but who, for the most part, -alas ! were bora for the cart shafts, and Toad no yearning .for cleaving the Empyrean with sonht wings. The shades of evening began to fall when. Miss Dart once more found herself looking down en the little town; it seemed more grey and gloomy than she had ever seen it, but upon the summit of Battle Hill still lingered, golden, the last rays of day. When the doorjof theJGook out was opened to her, she saw Mrs. Meyrick standing with anxions face behind the little maid ; the un accustomed sound of wheels stopping at her door had doubtless alarmed her. She took the new comer's hand in silence and led her into a little room at the back of the boose, now unused except at preserving seasons, but in which her husband bad once kept a lathe, and used as a workshop. ?* What, in heavenls name, has happened?' she en quired in a trembling voice. 'Nothing — at least 'nothing to anyone of consequence,' was the bitter rejoinder. Its sarcasm was lost upon the widow, whose mind was not one of those exceptional ones which are fitted up for the reception of two ideas at the came tine. 'My sister-in-law is no worse, then?' she replied, 'with relief in her tones. ' I believe not ; but I have not seen her. I was obliged to come away at once.' ' Bnt why ?— oh, why ?' 'To prevent being sent away; just as any ether servant anticipates dismissal by giving warning,*' 'Sent away? I am quite sure you ought sever to have been sent away,' 'exclaimed the kind old lady indignantly. * ' There must have been some plot against you, and Jefferson was at the bottom of it.' At that name Miss Dart, hitherto as firm and cold as iron, began to tremble. 'Sit you down, girl,' continued the widow, authoratively, 'and drink tins.9' She had ' opened, a cupboard, and taking out a square bottle, the contents which were .solid as well as liquid, had rapidly filled from it a email glass. 'The cherries have no stones in them, and will not. hurt you even if you do swallow them ; the brandy is 30 years old.' 'itis dbnbifal Jrhsflier this eulogy would have had .much effect but' for the *ppsaJinglook. with which it -was accompanied. To please her hostess Miss Darttook a sip from the glass, and at once experienced a eense of restoration. She had Basted the wholeday without food, for she had had no appetite for breakfast, and the emo tions-she had undergone had exhausted her. . 'Thank you,' she murmured gratefully. 'I feel -better, now. You have just mentioned a certain person's name. . Be so good ate to tell: me!' .'..- . :. . ? . . 'Kot one word will I speak about him or any-, tody else, till yon have finished the glass;? There are *oinething6,.such as the sdnrinis- - tration of cordials, in which the weak become the stronger. Miss Dart obeyed. ' Now eat a biscuit.' . This mandate was more difficult of accom plishment. Who of ns is so fortunate as not to have known moments when the staff .of life is literally broken, and the gorge rises at a crumb of bread. 'Ityou wish to ask me any questions about Major Melbum, I am ready to answer them,' resumed Mrs. Meyrick with an air of resigna tion; 'it is an unpleasant subject to me, -as you may have guessed; but if it is absolutely necessary— — ' 'I wish to ask only one; thing,' interrupted Miai .-. Dart. ' Sid you know that he was married?' - . . 'Certainly not.' *' You ?would have- known it, I suppose, if Mrs. M«lburn knew it?' \- ' Withont-doubt J should- have known it. . My sister-in-law and I have no secrete from each other as respects that .person.' 'Yet it does -not seem to surprise you to hear what I have just said.' 'Not at ait Wotbing that I conld hear said of my brother's son would surprise me— my poor dear girL' _HerT first words were wrong from an in dignant woman, denouncing unwillingly her own flesh and blood;, hwr last were tne ex pressionflfienderest sympathy with the mis fortune of one- she loved.. Miss Dart had suddenly burst into tears, and .covered -heriaee with her hands. Mrs. Meyrick made -no effort . to, restrain her companion'^ grief. . Like a doctor; .slow/ to diagnose- the disease of Ms patient, but who, having once discovered it, is.' at no toss how to treat M, *he remained . quiet and -collected, «ave that herown eyes-were wet ' withteats. ? ? : ? *'Xhad: no idea how things were with you, HrydarliBg/'she. said presently, 'or I would'' have tpoken long.ago. STou are doubtless iask-: ing yourself, 'Why did m-t Mis. Melburn, vrhA-vaS'in.^a better position than I for seeing how matters were going on, utter no note of warning? 3?o -explain rthat I must tell you wiiatSB Smown :to none bnt herself and me — list even-to her/own dahghter. . Yes;' shecon tinued, as if =to herself,'.' I owe it to Edith as well asio yon, though the confidence is- a - . painful one. . Longyeajs ;ago; when -you' Were I aihtis --child, and It -could never -iiave^been ' guessed liow such asnatter could have affected j yon, niyEiBter%i-law, then a young and very J pretty igid, met ; Jefferson. Mielburn^ta, ball. -4 It was in some -garrison' town : where Ms regi iDitEtwas quartered, -and their acquaiatance- ' ship was.: of the slightest; nevertheless, I believe, heipropbsed-4» her -and -was rejected. The affair— or at least that was how it was re presented to me— waa«f so transient a nature That it made hardly any impresaioh on; her. When Mr. Melburn, the elder, offered himself the recollection of what 4iad nappen'ea gave her ^6ome: JembarraEsment ; bat ^Jefferson was at that ; time in India; and not %xpeeted home ti.or years; he had hads moreover, a ^nanel-witn the cquire, and it was- generaUy . understood that he would never come to Borrow Hall ; and, .as you know, she became Mrs;: Melburn. Then matters ' -turned oat quite: differently, and, a? -generally happens, xnnch worse. --- Jefierson -came-to England on sick-leave; his quarrel with hra father -was made up— though they will never be ^friends— fcy some aanaS^enoerit itbout the 'entail on the ? estate;;- and -- Jefferson -came. home. My sister-in-law' bad never liked- - him,, ani hie fomier likisg ??$ or - her had now changed to detestation.- Outwardly he maintained a cold and deferttitial respect for her, ijut -he has ] sever lost sai-xjpportunity^of-doujg her a mis chief; 'jor^if fomenting the mnhappy differences that arose between her husband and herself; . Eevefe'gefuland'ntterly unscrupulous as -she knew iunito be; -figure to yourself- what life nnut' liayeibeen to her fortte last twenty' years atlbe ^nercy of this man'6 slanderous toDgne. When I hear people talk «o glibly of - iifci rw*ath to come as of somethiBgnew and fttaige, can they know, I -wonder, that in this ?world already there ate poor souls, -hot alta €etfcer wicktd ones, who baVe found their Oebenna.' She paused- a moment, overcome : with emotion, and; transfigured' 'in her com panion's eyes -from ~$he'- common- place, kind *reature-ehe had hitherto known to something almost heroic ; in her divine- compassion. 'Judge then, dear Lizzie, was it possible for this unhappy woman, «ven if she knew what^-as i I gueEB-^was taking plaeebetween you and this * man, that she could4ave spoken out against hhnY On the other iaaid had«hetmown that he was married I do believe that no personal jconEiderafionSi however weighty — H '' ''JEionghj-eioHgh,1' exclaimed HEss Dart, falling 'Otfthe widow's' neck, 'and mingling her tears with hers ? forgive me, that in my semsh - folly -BuppoEing myself to be the most miser able woiuan in the 'world, instead- of being anerely' the most 'blind and foolififc, I nave cansed^yon so much-distress and pain. Your cotSdence, be assured, is not misplaced; and as for mine,' what 'ever is 'worth your hearing of any ?'wretched stoiy -ehall be told' at once.' Ihen in a few wordsshe told her iall that had . happened, xsorieealing nothing of the worship Bhe 'toad paid 'to her -idol, with. its feet-^nay, ^vith'4fe iwhtfleiienig— of worthless -clay ;? and eonduding'with a 'Bteaement of her own poor l»aMon Sard barrenprospecta. - ? - ? ? ?'sWtfl; wellj,?- Baid'fier limd hostes3 ien etinragiDgiv,'wheD«4ie had qnitedohe,- *'yon_ sos&t; cbnre-aud'live/with us' lall you see your' wfiy toplacihgyjourself in comfortable quarters. j4b to wajsand means— for Tknowyou are the inoet practical -young -women (outside that ?WTealvBess which is 'Common to all our sex) that -ever cut out a gown or made a honnetss well as anynJtHnier^-ybti must remember that your presence nereisv^to begin with, the saving of a doctor's 'bill? -even during the -12 -hoars that yon-'have been _ away 4ea* Mat has already fcegan^to-ehow«gn8 of running dbwn,- like a ? clock *hat baa lost its winder: -Theh, your 3BaTketir.g- is so much lietter ttan mine or Xncy%;'. ??:?-? . . '?jPiay, prayi don't tempt me, dear Mrs. 3Ieyiick !' iiiiterrupted Miss Dart in agonised ? tones. 'I have already Buffered from the pre tence and shadow of love; let me not also suffer from its substance. What yon so hos pitabJypropoBe would indeed be a crnelkind tiesBi - There is nothing for me now— xmieas I would sink into the mire of mere despon dency and despair— but work; work with my fingers, if nothing better offers— -work for a f ewpence if not for a few 'pounds— but work I : -xnnst have«f some kind, at once; AH that I -m here to ask of you is' a lodging for the eight and the loan of my fare to town to morrow.' ''??:. ??'?'?.?' ' ? ? ' ? . ?*]&» yon please, 'dear lizzie,' replied the ?-waowv*'or rather, as you will and must. I airiwdl aware that 1 am quite incompetent lo*avist. :1 iiin8tjgo to Mat, and break to *5^^^ %ffl happened j'-^t wBl be 'albitter : ??.?jDHftK?1 -??*??',;.' -'- ? ;-?; ?-?'?'? --. 1 'i -**^H-Sr «atf iS^ffiSw.Isft poBsiDle* Do^von' ; -^P^0^e%o^^^e^loy.esScatfJ^ ' '~-L ?-'? - rz. '% i't ? ' bidden from hkn? He has only to look at you.' ' '-'—' ** I. should never have come here,' mur mured Mis Dart bitterly. ' My very presence diffuses wretchedness. Give me at least a few minutes to wash away these traces of weak neBB.' 'You have half an hour good,' said Mrs. Meyrick, looking at her watch. ' He is iu the pavilion, and will know nothing till dinner time of your arrival. There is a letter for you somewhere ; it came by the afternoon's post. I will send it up to your room.' 'A letter from Aunt Jane, no doubt,' thought Miss Dart wearily. 'She little guesses that I have been to Burrow Hall, and have now left it for ever ; that I am coming home to her to-morrow, to be another harden to her bowed-down back.' Ten minutes had passed, and Mrs. Meyrick was standing on the well-worn -steps outside the dining-room, where the maid was laying the little table for three; she had been cud gelling her brains for what to say to Matthew that should give him the least amount of pain, and with small advantage— the winter water grows no warmer for the would-be swimmer's contemplation of it — when suddenly, from the open window overhead, a voice cried, ' Do not trouble to tell Matthew, Mrs. Meyrick. I will speak to him mys elf.' If the good lady, had been a .student of the' poets, like her son, it is probable that, at the sound of it, certain verses would have oc curred to her, descriptive of the linnet's eong— And unto one her note is gay, And now her little ones have ranged ; ' And unto one her note is changed, Because her brood is stolen away. Ten minutes ago the. voice she heard had been heavy with woe ! now it was unmistakably clear and bright; not cheerful merely— as a woman in despondency can make it for another's sake — but with the true bird-note of joy. She looked up and beheld a face radiant, with hope^-nay, with happiness. 'Not one word to hi'» of what has happened,' whis pered the smiling lips. 'It will not now be necessary.' 'Bnt what Tvill you tell him, my child ?' ' Good neivs, dear Mrs. Meyrick ; nothing bnt good newB.' (To be continued.) 