tfomtttt gtote Week a small man of only commonplace ability sets hfrau^f to run a great cause, he is apt to remind his .hearers of a midge trying to carry away a chest of drawers, or some thing equally ridiculous. To fill the position satisfactorily, he requires to possess bound less confidence ia his own theories, and he should also have the ' cheek ' of » braes plated elephant, and be utterly indifferent to ridicule and opposition. Dr. Joyce, of Mel bourne, has the misfortune to be a compara tively small m»p in more than one sense of the word, and be has undertaken a task which would test, to the utmost, the energy of a Banaparte, and the strength of an aduit whale. His aim is the abolition of drink and mission, certainly, but one which acquires a freshness from the manner in which the doctor handles his subject. His style is head he hits it — and he sees a head very fre quently. Of the two evils against which he hilts, tobacco is the more objectionable in his eyes, and he wishes to know ** how a Christian young man would look going up to the ga+es of Heaven with a pipe stuck in his mouth?' Nobody answered this question, and the smoking section of the community was, therefore, supposed to hare their pipes utterly extinguished. But if the tobacco loving Christian were forced to carry his pipe with him into the great hereafter, when all his other properties were left behind, it might have occurred to Dr. Joyce that he may also be doomed to take along the evidence of some of his sins, which will look quite as con demnatory as the pipe. He may be snatched away at breakfast-time, and have to go up to the golden gate with -a Urge and greasy *au sage, stack on a fork, as a visible sign that he had swallowed too much of that viand while on earth, and a bad sausage may prove quite as objectionable as good tobacco. He may, if scientifically inclined, be forced to drag along a colossal cockroach impaled on a pin, as a silent testimony to the cruelties he had perpetrated while in pursuit of know ledge ; or if he was, addicted to laying op treasure on earth he may be burdened with an enormous load of dishonoured cheques as an appropriate penalty. Dr. Joyce's other argu ment, however — for he had two altogether — was equally striking. ' If God had found tobacco necessary to the well-being of Adam,*' he said, ' He would have pointed it out to him ; and if the Almighty had considered that whisky and spirits were necessary to Adam, He would have placed a barrel of whisky in the Garden of Eden.' Unluckily, however, there is no positive proof that the barrel of whisky aUnaed to was not placed in the garden, so this contention virtually falls to the ground. There may have been a cask of GlenliTat, or some other good Scotch brand, in that early Paradise, and pipes and tobacco as well : history is silent on this point, and the doctor travels only on a very bold *«tiin ra tion. A number of attempts have been made, though without much success, to decide the exact location of Eden, and while digging down in aearefa of bones and the like, the re mains of prehistoric victnala. it is suroiiicant that a large empty bottle was once discovered. Its age could not be ascertained with any degree of certainty, and an imbecile attempt was made to prove that it was merely an ancient ; idol but on the other side ic was pointed oat that an idol was not generally made hollow so as to hold a quart of liquor, nor was it usually corked at the top. More over, the object in question did not smell like an idol, and taking all these things into ac count, we arc int*lin«n to Bet it down as a species of evidence there may have been whisky in Eden, and where whisky is, tobacco is not generally very far distant. Some men in this world are apparently born to Hi-lock. In large things and small, mis fortune follows them ; their little schemes perpetually go astray ; and the bills they draw npon the future are regularly returned, marked N.S.F. Their trousers are always a little too short or aJittle too long ; their hens go and lay on somebody else's premises ; in a restaurant or boarding-house malignant fate invariably allots them the withered stump of the jam roll and the thick end of the coffee ; and a tom-cat will walk three miles for the sake of spending a night on their roof, and making that night hideous. Life, according to a great philosopher, is ma.de up of small joys or small annoyances, and under these circumstances it is not wonderful that a min, thus weighed down by petty sorrows, should at last give up the ghost. A day must come when his hen lays in the next man's garden for the last time ; when one- blue bottle more than his aching heart can endure gets into bis teacup ; and when that final straw which breaks the camel's back turns up in the butter ; aud then he concludes it is time to quit this vale of tears, and retire to a land where these troubles are not. A few weeks ago Philip Walker, of Maori Creek, N.Z., came to this conclusion. He was an elderly shoemaker, and daring a forty years' pilgrim age he had hardly driven a shoe peg without hitting his fingers with the hammer, and had never once given credit without being left', except in the case of a Chinaman, and he paid his long-standing bill in uneatable turnips. During his long career he had met with nothing but disappointment, and it was 'Characteristic of the man that even when he attempted suicide he was bound to fail. He commenced the job, as most men do, by cutting his throat, and then he waited half -an - hour, and at the end of that time he found himself still alive. He next cut his throat over again and still he could not die, and even when he cut it a third time he survived, and did not feel much the w orse for the operation. He was driven at last tc the conclusion that tUe knife wu too blunt fur this bort of work, and in despair he put the point of the weapon against h'u ribs aud ran against the wall ; but in spite of his best efforts he failed to send it in more than half an-inch. The knite ultimately broke off, and after stabbing himself in the chest with the broken stump, and tryingvainly to open an artery with a tablespoon, Philip Walker grew frantic, and resorted to dynamite. He half nUled a small jam tin with the explosive, and then after performing some hocus-pocus with a fuse, he stood on the deadly object, and waited results. The results soon came. There was an upheaval and a dull roar, and a shrieking shoemaker flew across the sun's disc, causing a partial and unexpected eclipse. When he came down again, and took an inventory of himself, he found that his legs had been nearly blown off, and as his object was death he naturally concluded that he was coming on nicely. Having succeeded in killing one end of himself, he resolved to blow out the other with a revolver, and accordingly he loaded all sis chambers and let fly. What ensued was in keeping with his usual luck. The first shot missed, although the marksman was blazing away at a three-inch range ; the report, too, attracted the attention of au obtrusive passer-by ? one of those individuals who always persist in - looking in just when a gentleman is busy ? i and Philip Walker was promptly carried off j to tne Hospital. He is now rapidly re covering, and will have to do his whole suicide * TnE steady demoralisation of the Royal Families of Europe promises Boon to become one of the standing arguments in favour of republicanism, socialism, and the other re volutionary creeds of tbe old world. Phy sically and mentally, the wearers of Crowns are degenerating— a result which is chiefly owing to the persistence with which they marry and intermarry among themselves, until the want of new blood becomes pain fully apparent. The first place on the list of dilapidated and undesirable kings is held, of course, by Otto of Bavaria. This monarch has been for several years under the impres sion that he is a wild beast, and has acted up to the character with praiseworthy energy ? but within the last few weeks bis malady has taken a new torn; he now fancies himself a bird, and having built a neat of twigs and } leaves in his apartment, he sits in it all day \ long, or walks about «u»l»-ling and seeking for ] eggs to hatch. Following him comes the King of Wnrtemburg, a ho^e, unwieldy mass of incarnate beer, whose whole intellect floate in a ouart not : reffardino1 him it-, ho. iw-» cruelly said that he is the only man in Ger many who never in his life possessed a single bright idea : bat this statement is incorrect. Some two years ago he was visited by an inspiration^ based apparently on one of Besant and Rice's grotesque fictions, and he solemnly propounded to his pnyacian a plan whereby he was to get drunk by deputy - in other words. His Majesty was to drink his beer as of old, while his unhappy prosy was to grow bloated and pimpled in his etead. This scheme, however, came to notbinc and the King of Wortemburg 'has ?uS? into a mere imbecile wreck as » conse quence. The Saltan of Turkey, as vet |» *?*m lefnre '« going mad ; but his brother and predecessor was a 'lunatic, and bis heir is a weird, eccentric iiT uiviuuai, wuo 'sees visions and makes him self otherwise objectionable. The late Prince of Orange was an epUeptic, and his mind grew blank and vacant under this malady ; he died virtually of old age while ids lather w» yet alive, and the tinge of insanity which has marked the Dntcfa Royal Family was strikinjilv manifest in his case. The cbJIdreToftne King of Sweeden are also, almost without exraption, subject to epilepsy -a disease whicn is the precursor of imbecility; two members of the Austrian Royal Family are hidden away in country mansions, where they ^PJ'V P^demonium of raving ferocity; and the Prussian dynasty also has its neredi tary lunatics— aaid to be three in number— who are carefully kept out of sight, and whose names are never mentioned. In both these latter cases the result is supposed to be owinc to intermarriage with Bavaria— and further alliances are threatening to spread the curse of insanity all over Germany. The constant admixture of (rtmum blood in England has cerbunlv produced no very gratifying results, biuee the days of Charles IL and William IIL intellect on the British throne has been con spicioua by its absence; George IIL and William IV. are both described aToccasiomU madmen ; Pnnce Leopold's intellect was shattered by constant fits of epilepsy and Albert Victor, who will probably yrt te King of Great Britain, is not erilliant in any way. Excepting the Royal Family ot Kussia, in fact, Europe does not boast one dynasty in which lunacy has not appeared in recent vears: and in th*. f»™ of these things it seems high time that some ne« blood was introduced, or else one day we will find a continent of tolerably sane men ruled by a race of crowned maniacs. Although the present age is pre-eminently one of £. s. d., yet so long as the Salvation Army exists it cannot be said that religious enthusiasm is altogether dead. The faith of that drnm-banging band is of the practical order, and though their creed is ^aid- by many to consist chiefly of seven articles— viz., five Wes and two small fishes-the success which has always attended General Booth s appeals for cash, proves the existence ui ?. certain amount of sincerity amonc hU followers As far as outeide Christian? are concerned however, the General himself has inspired Uttle confidence, and his ways Beem very hke tfauae of that pious editor of whom Lowell wrote in these terms ? I rto beliere in spo.-i«J waj n 0 prayi.i'andconvarttn1; J no bread conns l*a.i in mam dan, And buttered, too for mrtin^ 1 mwi in prcvin1 till one bants '' »7-at.MR.-fcr ???ntf choose*. And in oonyartin1 public tnmtb But to wlutevn 'purp'^ General Booth may convert the Meets of the Anay, his ability in the matter of collecting money ib immistake 'J''6- *5d,?S Lltert ?nePirafion-^i.e formation of a Self-Denying Brigade— is a brilliant stroke of genim. The organisation over winch this cnte Yankee presides is now in dire financial straits, and the brigade above mentioned have promised to abandon every kindoflmrory, and send the proceeds to head quarters until tie debt is liquidated. Judging from aome of tile returns already announced, tht self- denying process is Koinir on vieor oudy. One a the fin* namls on tbe list of contributors is that of a very square headed disciple, who denied his wifeW new cloak, and Bent in the sum of £2 10a. thus saved ; this is self-denial with a vengeance but as husband and wife are one, we presume it may pass as the genuine article. The second place belongs to a family of nine— individuals, apparently, of devoted piety and comprehensive sweep, for they say they have denied themselves everything they can think of; their subscription amounts to ISa. 9i, from wbich it would seem that their thinking powers are only worth 2s. Id. a-pieee. A Hindoo named Chnddee— his front name is said to be Mugguma, but after all what's in a name !— lul denied himself a pair of boots, and is now going barefoot ; and a country man of his, whose designation is Shoppurgi, sends a coat. Some energetic Salvationists have fled from their homes by moonlight, carrying their furniture on their backs, and sent the rent thus saved to aid the cause ; others hare stirred up tiieir gas meters with a poker, and thereby knocked 1000 cubic feet off the register, or have denied their bakerT£ bill ; while General Booth himself has given up meat, and is sustaining his earthly t&bei; ? nacle op blanc-mange and bloater paste. If such energetic measures as these fail to save the Salvation Amy from bankruptcy, their condition must be hopless indeed. 