A (i An Address to the Parishioners op Bunbury. My Friends, — For some time past I have been turning over in my mind the advisability of starting a Bunbury Church of England magazine. But I feared that the undertaking might prove' too big and too expensive for my resources. But it seems to me that some good might arise from my writing a monthly address to those under my care. There are many things that I could say in it, which it is not possible for me to say as plainly or as familiarly to you in Church. And then again, what is in print can be read over and over again till the meaning is digested. What is said in a sermon too often goes in at one ear and out at the other. The chief ecclesiastical event of last month has been the Confirmation, which the Bishop held in the last Sunday in January. It had seemed to me that it would hardly be worth His Lordship's while to come down, as there would scarcely be any to be confirmed. I was surprised, therefore, to fiud that ultimately there were tweuty-one candidates, the majority being boys and young men. I was much pleased also at the great reve rence of behaviour amongst all those concerned at the service. I would remind you all that the Christian Church teaches that Confir mation is the completion of Baptism, and- that the gifts of the Holy Ghost given at the latter sacrament are in creased and confirmed by the laying on of hands of the Bishop. Of courso the grace of Confirma tion may be made of no effect through our own sin and carelessness. But thousands can bear witness to the spiritual help they have gained from it. It has been well pointed out that Confirmation is the connecting link between Baptism and Holy Commu nion. It brings us into full member ship with Christ's Church, and makes us free of all the privileges of the Church, of which the greatest is participation in the communion of Christ's Body and Blopd. I have been anxious therefore, to carry on my classes for some little time little longer with a view to pre paring those confirmed for Commu nion, or at all events that 1 might ex plain to them thoroughly the nature of that Sacrament. I have little or no difficulty in collecting my girls and young women together for the pur pose, but my lads and young men seem at present to think that they want a spell. I am perhaps a little disappointed that such should be the case, out I have not been a parson for — I don't like to say how many years — without having laid up a certain amount of patience and acquiescence in the inevitable: I trust, however, that some time in Lent, when the nights are longer, and the days not quite so hot, I may be able to muster those I want for further religious in struction. One word to ail parents and those who have charge of the young. Some of those over whom you have most influence have most probably been among those confirmed. Most likely the religious life in thm has, at all events for the time being, been quickened. It is in your power to a great extent to prevent it once mor6 becoming dormant. If you can do nothing else you can give your prayers to God on their behalf. To pass on to another point — Wed nesday, March the 10th, is Ash Wed nesday," or the First day in Lent. I would remind you that Lent is the great Fast appointed by the Christian Church, and is a yearly witness to the fact that there is that miserable thing called Sin " in the world, and that, unless we keep on our guard, and are dulj penitent, sin may work the ruin of our souls. It is a time theu when we1 should practice most carefully self examination, and see what in roads our own particular sins have made upon us, lust, evil temper, selfishness, carelessness with regard our religious duties, dishonesty. And then when we have taken stock of ourselves, we should confess our sins and make a firm resolution to amend our lives. Of course our blessed Lord died for all men, and for all there is forgiveness, but remember that penitence is necessary if we would have forgiveness. With regard to fasting in Lent, there is no doubt that the Church of England does expect her children to practise such. Our Lord also puts fasting on the same level with prayer and almsgiving. Our Church, how ever, permits us to chose in what way and to what extent we will fast. I think, however, that all who are not prevented by ill health, should prac tice some abstinence duringj the com ing season. On sh Wednesday, Morning Prayer and the Ante Communion office will be said at 8 a.m.. Lit any and the Commination Service at 10.30 a.m. Therewill also be the usual Evening Prayer and Sermon at half-past seven. I would ask all who can to be present at one or more of these services. I don't intend to add any extra services during Lent, though 1 trust that the ordinary week-day services may be better at tended. Surely some of you could make a point of attending the Wed nesday evening service during Lent. Others again might make a point of attending the morning services on Wednesdays and Fridays. It is a pity for us to be too economical in our devotions. We acknowledge and profess to be grateful for the won drous sacrifice which Christ made for us men and our salvation, but we too often grudge the least sacrifice to Him in return of either time, money, or exertion. Below I have given the chief ser vices that will be held by me during the month of March, and also the hymns to be sung at Bunbury Church. Yours faithfully. E. H. PUENELL. Offertory at Bunbury. Sunday, Jan. 31st. ... 1 8 0 „ Feb. 7th ... 13 0 „ Peb. 14th ... 19 4 „ Feb. 21st ... 11 0 Calendar for March. Wednesday, March 3rd. — Evening Service at Buubury at 7.30 p.m. Hymns 189, 17. Sunday , March 7th. — Quinquagesima Hymns — Morning, 210, 262, ,, Evening, 210, 180, 23. Afternoon Service at the Capel. Wednesday, March 10th. — Asn Wed nesday. Morning Prayer, 8 a.m. Commination Service, 10.30 a.m. Evening Service and Sermon, 7.30. p.m. Hymns — Morning, 94. ,, Evening, 92, 93. Sunday, March 14th. — 1st Sunday in Lent. Holy Communion at Bunbury at Midday Service. Children's Service at 2,30 p.m. Service at Picton at 3.45 p.m. Hymns— Morning, 319, 92. „ Children's Service, 332, 334, 338. Hymn — Evening, 88, 198, 95. Wednesday, March I7th. — Evening Service at Bunbury. Hymns, 86, 13. Sunday, March 21st. — 2nd Sunday in Lent. Morning Service at the Brunswick at 11 a.m., with Holy Communion. Evening Service at the Harvey at 7.30 p.m. Hymns — Morning, 94, 183, 164. " Evening, 88, 185, 17. Wednesday , March 24. — Evening Ser vice at Bunbury. Hymns — 267, 255. Thursday, March 25. — Annunciation. Morning Service at Bunbury at 8 a.m. Sunday, March 28. — 3rd Sunday in Lent. Holy Communion in Bun bury at 7.30 a.m. Service at Ferguson at 3 p.m. Hymns — Morning, 86, 284. „ Evening, 91, 193, 16 Wednesday, March 21st. — Evening Service at Buubury. Hymns — 269, 19. 