MARGARET'S MOTHER. ALL her life Nargaret Hunter bad lived alone with her grarldfathcer in a gray stone house,in the midst of a garden rwhich hid it from the road. They Ilnd few viitors. Ohl Mr. Morley would hIave nothing to do foith neighbours, and those who cantme to the house were principally old friends from a distance; old men and women who did not interest young Margaret much. All shte knew of her parents was that tley must be dead. Once soe hIad asked he- grandfather if lie had any portrait of her mother, and he had raid, " Look in the glass and you will see her." Then she had said: r Grandpa, I never knew how my mother died," and he had turued awanny. "It is something I cannot talk about," he said. " Ask no more questions, child. The dead are dead. Our hopes and our love are with them. Let them rest." Once, too, she hIad spoken of her father. Itwas to-the olt servant, who turned a frightened look over her shouldler, and said: " Hush! Mnlaster won't like to havehim talked of." i" Whry ?" asked Margaret. rThey quarrelled," said thie old woman. " There, threre be quiet--don't speck of it to master." " When we have quarrelled with people who are dead," said Margaret tohcerself, "twe feel remorse. Of couren, thart is twhy grandpa cannot bear to speak of my poor flather."' And thinking of the cold, stern man, wiho had never once caressed her, it did not seem unlikely that lie might have beetn unkind to her parents. Ie was not unkhild to her, it is true, but hie lad never been tender. Itonest J.ne was fond of her, but ehte wan ignorant mcd culer etitious; and perhaps the most congenial companion Margnaret had ever had, was a very strangeone. A woman, no longer yoing, evidently a hard-working perEou, yet on evidently by birth a lady, who had met hrer once in the woods, when she was a little child, andi had asked her for a riss, antd who ever since had, now and again, crossed her path in some lonely place, ancd talked to her as no one else ever did. She had asked her name once, and the woman Ihad said " call moe Martha." " rartha was mry mother's name," said the child; " she died before I ever knew her." Then sudldenly she was strangely moved. " Oh, if I only had a mother r!" shte said. And the woman kIrissed her again, and two tears dropped from her eyer. That was yesrn ago. Margaret was now 17, yet still she met the pale, fair womrn with liher hard-wrorked hands and high-bred face, her common dress and nlady-like movements, in tihe wtoods, by tie little spring, amnidst the gray rocks in the patlhway thurt led from thire orchard to thie hIigrhway, and onre or twice in thie orchard itself. That was wrhen her gramlfatiher was awany. And she had never sepoken to him of this lady. tIe never allowed her to have any friends. Once site compla:ned to the woman of this, but ele only ansrwered: " Your graudfathier is wsise; obey hrim. Your quiet life is a safe one, at least. You do not knowr the worlds dangers, my child." Of late, htowever, Margaret had had a little secret of her own, one that shie did not tell her frielrd any more than hi er grandfather. Solne o0le else lnd met her in the woods. Some otte else had told her, as thin woman lad onaid, that she wars beautiful. Yes, some one else had kissed her also with a kiss that thrilled her through andr through. She ha I a lover of wholl she knce' nothing, save that he wasslrhnd-. some, tihat he praised her, that hie said life was atnblest witrout ter. Perhaps sete might have told Martha all, but like tie others she seemed to believe her here without frielnds, anld Margaret knew, by instinct, that tmention of a lover swo:dd horrify them Iall. Yet sire could not forego tie one halpp;ness of her life. She knew ther graudlfather would put an end to thie pleasant mertings if lie guess d at them; and Ralphl Harland had also told lrr so. " A strange olt gentleman, your granrdfather," hIe land said ; "a man irho, though doubtless deservingof respect, has no sympathy for others. Were I to go to tie hIouseo ond ask permission to visit you, though he knows me well enough by reputation, hie would drive ne from his door. We mlust marry first, blargaret, andi then ask ilis forgiveness. We can do without it if hrerefuses it, I think." And Margaret felt that so she had brt her Ralph for her very orwn she could do wilhout all else. WIhat had her grandfather er nr been to her ? She loved her friend tMartha miuch better. " Have you ever loved any one ? " she arked tlhat poor woman at thins time. And a red flush rose to the pale cheek. " The woman who has never loved is yet unborn," oho said. " And wcs not thalt love thIe greatest joy of your life?" asked Margaret. "Even thlough it is past-ns I suppose it is, for you sem very lonely-does it not give you htappiness tO rememrber it?" T-. ite woman clutched her by the arm. "MaIrgaret," elte aid "love iswoman's life; it is sometimes her eternal blessing-oftener her eternal curse. Mline cursed me. Happifess! Ah! good HIeaven ! coult you see my bleediug heart ! Chirld child ! beware of love ! Shun it! fleeo from it! " And Mlargaret put aside the fancy she had had of cou tiding in lMartha. "They are all alike," she said--" all alike. No one ever loved as Ralph and I love. They cannot understand us." That day she kissed IMartha fondly fwhen she left her. She had promised her lover to leave home with him that night, antid ste knew thot they mighlt never meet again. She looked back after she fihd gone a little way. Martha setood looking after here, shading her eyes with her hand. All that evening Margaret wandered to and fro like an uneasy epirit, taking a silent adieu of her old hrome. Sfls felt some remorse when she looked at her grandfather end she oven felt sorry that she wca about leaving horen Jane thus. But Rallph stood first. She had no thought of drawing back. She sat in the old kitchen at last, lin gering over the spot where she had been happiest, for, if there had bleen any comfort, it had been at Jane's knee, when tie door burst open, and Jane herself tottered in, atnl, trembling with horror, cast herself upon her knees. "Oh l child, child, I shall never get over this night," shesaid. "Oh! God have mercy on me! Whathas poor Jdine done to deserve thisn ?" " ,ltat hIas happened, Jane p" cried Margaret, hkeeling beaside her. "Tell me. Spesk to me." "I've seen a spirit, Miss Maggie," said Jane. "A epirit fromn the other world. I've seen your mother, child, white mid worn, and wretched, eotanding watclhicg your window from the orchard yonder. Some trouble is cooing. Some trouble is coming. What shall I do?" T'ie girl grew pale. "Jane, you must deceive yourself," she said. " No, I don't, Miss," said Jano. "I sauw her plain as I do you. I couldn't forget poornMiss Marth. Shewas standing in the white moonlight,lookinrg at your window. 1 daresn't tell master; but there's great trouble coming; death perhaps." rfargarot, with a horror for which she had no words, crouched close to the woman'e aside. "iWhy should my mother come back to the world to-ntight?" site asked hrerself. "Anm I doing wrong. Can it be wrong to leave homn so ? So wrong that my mother's spirit must return to guard me." For the moment her resolution faltered. But the terror passed era long. Sine even grow to believe that Jane was the victim of her superstitious terrors. And shet went to her room at Inst, resolved to meet her lovernsshe had promised. Shite had prepared her little bundle, and placed tie tiny anm of money ihe possessed in the pocket of her dress. She had written a note to her grandfather and laid iton her unrumpled.pillow. Andt now that the house was all still-even Janc, in spite of her terror, asleep in her garret room-the girl crept dowrnstairs and out into the orchard. The moon ehone bright; the path to the road woas clear. She crept down it and opened the gate. A little stay beyond a dark figure stood amongst the trees. It hastoened forward. "SMy darling ! "cried a soft voice. It was flalph; all Margaret's terror vanished. She was with her lover; ebo was safe. "A carriage stands at thIe foot of the lane," he whis pered. "Ve will be beyond pursuit in an hour. Come, my tlarling." lBut as she placed her hand in his and lifted her lips to iles orn, another figure, crouched.until now in the shadow of the great pear tree beside the 'ate, arose and glided like a ghost between thenh. A white face turned itself toa'rd Ikdplh Hnlarland, a white hand waved him backssartl. " demon " said a lor, clear voice. "liack-hearted demeon leave tlna poor girl, andrdo g " " Who are you, who interfereo?" said Ralpah. " Her mother " said the woman. largaret screatned. In the white moonlight, her tlead uncoveredI her face pale as tihatr of thIe dead, the face seemed thatr of a spirit. She did not rocognise frarthll:, rlrd, overconme by terror, fainted In cer ar sa. tht Sntroeti, ctafpitg the girl to her heart, repeated thle roalmnla ni "Go !-- leavo her !" W1'htent she Ilr:gin Of)erCed free eyes, olo ,ael natero sith Ire wolentrIa, lt fr lictw hoer free f ar d veccr Ilo w, nnrd atr;tly shrrnk froar her, l lhere Is lcliph?" she tihm , O i o', dart d you tittr. tete? rhrlv 300o frletrctnd tI ba lary Iotolher ? Oh i ] la l p th e ar! l h , I " JIllc tho tileo lllcrc lrc .,lIlrly lceIrtllIIcr over free, atIInoPtttl lio I1:tt ronr toIlor wallt, lire lclr lolrlrc (cc forr h lirivt oi, ,A If f ot lrletf to neon trr fLoc iallc uirrcrifarr c taleir orroce crticIci, ill-,l I clii Ij.ct sllef:l (cdiT?o?gic I girli pgis mother. Years ago, I left my father's home at night, withll one as lad as Ralph. W we ro married, and six months nafterwanrds I learned that he had another wife; and he finally ed to escape the county gaol. I only returned to place you, my ihild, upon the step of the old homenstead. On your little breast lay a note: " Father," it said, " this child is Mlartha's child. She is nanmed Margaret--lafter that blenned woman, lartha's mother, ad your rwife. May she be more grateful for your kindness, more dutiful, a better womna every way, than her wretched mother." "After that I worked honestly for my broad in a far mer's kitcchen, but I could not reflrail from seeing my child. Of late, I hlave seen the noewr hope that had sprung up iu lher heart, nd out of my bitter expolrienco grew fear that all was not well. I have saved you, darling. That man has a wife already. Understmnd what I have saved you froln." And Margaret Eobbed upon her brenst. " Ycu mnust not leave nme, mother," she said. And the woman answenred:l "I will go to my father and say-'Fnther, I havo ilned nngainsat hemon en and before thee.'" In tile dawn two womnen iknelt before the old man, and ho was not otern to them nor cruel; his lips pressed Margaret's forehead, but tI: took lMartha to his heart. 