WINSTO WE. BY MBS. LEITH-ADAMS. CHAPTER XXIL-[Concluded.) " I can imagine it; my rabbity cousin is positively brainless, tnd has bran steadily imposed upon ever since she was a child in arms. As to the vulture I told yon of, he's the Very doable of the man in the Bible—he 'ravishes the poor when he gets them into his net.' A precious big net it is, too—hi! ha tr ail mesh, the very deuce and all to t!: 1.1 «l. Some people would tell you that's a, ve.iy good description of the law, eh? and, by gad! they'd be right—* the deuce and all to get out of—quite, quite !" . ' You would hardly like to hear an outsider express that opinion, though," suggested William. "No, no, 'Honour among thieves,' my deal: fellow—'honour among thieves. If a mansDe&ks; against my honourable 1 profes rafes- sion, I pitch him out o' window, ana then argue the point calmly with him." Here Mr. Pettagrew rose from table, rung the bell, and summoned Mudford. " Mudford, place the lights. Mudford, with ready comprehension :> of his master's ways, brought in two massive sconces holding wax candles; these he placed on either side a small picture that rested on a console that was placed directly opposite the oval" dinner-table, by this time cleared of all more substantial viands than fruits and vines. Softly smiling, pensive of eyes, childlike in sweetness and Durity, the Greoze face cane out in bright relief against its dark background. "A pleasant addition to our party, eh, Snowf suggested the delighted host; "fair to the eye—a dainty woman and a silent one. Ha! ha! that's a great recommendation!" William slightly moved, his chair so as to command a better view of the "picture. As he did so his clear grey eyes took a softer tone ; it was like another glimpse of the face that he had lost Bight of at the railway station. " So Miss—Miss Selwyn is like my Greuze, is she?" said his companion. "You must introduce me, 1 like pretty women, particularly when they are not fools; and a woman with that face is not likely to be a fooL" " No; Lilian is hardly that." "Not blue, though, I hope ? Not of aspiring masculine -proclivities ? If so, I retract the request for an introduction." " No, no," said William, smiling; " she iB a moBt womanly woman." " That's right-that's right. Why the devil can't women be content to be as God made them! 'Sweet girl-graduates with their golden hair,' may sound very well in poetry; but I would rather see the golden hair without the mortar-boards, any day. By- theway, whafs Tremlett doing? and when is that mairiage to come off?" "Tremlett is off on a yachting cruise with Bolton of the Enniskilleng. He will be home before Christmas, and the marriage is to take place early in spring." " Ah! he's tramy making * stepping-stones of MB dead-self to higher things!' Well, I hope, for the sake of the Greuze face, the footing will -be a sure and safe one. And the old Arcadian—the ancient Strephon—the man who 'tiiinketh no evil,' has he left town and gone to his native wilds ?"' " Yes; he and his niece went down into Cheshire last week." After parting with her lover ?" " After parting with her lover," echoed William, finnly, as he carefully deprived the kernel of a walnut of its delicate brown coveting. " I wonder they didn't try to persuade you to go down with-them." "They, did; but I preferred coming up here with you. I hope to go to Winstowe for Christmas; I never miss hearing the Christmas hymn sung at the old cathedral, where I was once myself a chorister." "And Tremlett will be back by that tame?" " Yes; he will join me in town, and we shall ran -down together." Pelham Pettigrew turned his back upon the Greuze, and spoke no more of Winstowe and its inmates. CHAPTER XXIIL ARDREGGAN. Ardreggan, the seat of Sir George Plaistow, Baronet, bore on one of its time-darkened stones the date 1104. Tradition said that one Ronald Cummyne Plaistow, a " wicked laird" of those ancient times, was credited with the practice of magic. At once a tyrant and a sorcerer, he is described as a fiend in human form, guilty of every conceivable cruelty, and carrying out his fell de&ignB; by the aid of incantations. It is said that during his lifetime hardly a night passed without the piercing, waiting cry of the " kelpie" (a sort of family banshee who haunted the burn that trickled through the Ardreggan grounds) being heard by terrified travellers. This " kelpie" was supposed to foretell any evil about to befall the Plaistow family, ana his custom was to sit crouched upon a certain stone that rose from the bed of the river, and there, rocking his misshapen body to and fro, utter that prolonged and pitiful wail peculiar to banshees in general. One would have thought that, in the reign of the wicked Ronald, the poor kelpie must have cried himself hoarse; for oae misfortune upon another befell the family at that time, of which the cruel murder of the eldest son, the presumptive heir to Ardreggan, was the last and crowning one. The second son, " fair-haired Geordie," as he was nicknamed, sue seeded to the lands and title at his father's death, and then the kelpie had a quieter time of it; indeed, for many generations the Plaistow lairds were tolerably fair specimens of humanity. One. however, had the misfortune to be hanged for treason over his own gate- way, and gave the banshee a good deal of trouble in keening over him. We must not forget to chronicle the existence of a second ghostly retainer at Ardreggan. It had been one of bold Sir Ronald s foibles to cast a certain Sheriff who had offended him into a dungeon beneath the castle, and there to leave him to die the fearful death of starvation. The ghost of this nnhappy man very properly tried to make himself as unpleasant as possible to the future lairds of the castle, and on a still evening he might be heard scratching against the wall of the plaoe that had been his living tomb. Maybe Tats had a good deal to do with thU legend; but as nothing speaks more emphatically in support of the responsibility of any famUy than the possesion of a ghost, the Plaistows "naturally clung to the popular conviction on the matter. Certainly the dark spells and wicked practices of the ribald Ronald Beamed to have left a weird and grievous trase in and around the square, massive towers of Ardreggan. Dark woods, mostly cf pine, formed a belt about the house, and ran down here and there to the banks of the trickling, whispering burnie. whose shallow stream divided at the "kelpie stane," formed a steep fill of foaming water, and then, uniting once more, and gaining depth and power, hissed and boiled and seethed through a natural bridge formed by overhanging rocks. Narrow windows dimly lighted the vast chambers of Ardreggan,ana the entrance hill was thickly hung with deer antlers, that cist fantastic shadows like gigantic elks upon the wall of a winter evening, when logs blazed upon the open hearth. Modernized, and made comf or table by all the luxury of the nineteenth century, _ still about this Lowland castle lingered a spirit of uncanniness that refused to be exorcised. Year by year, during the reign of its present possessor, fewer and fewer carriage-wheels have rolled up the noble avenue of iirs that leads to the entrance-hall; rarer and rarer have grown the sounds of hoofs pawing at the door; for Sir George Plaistow has quarrelled with the majority of his country neighbours, and his timid, shrinking wife has let first one acquaintance and then another drop, until a passing call iB an event, and puts her and her companion," Miss Pheemie, into a flatter of excitement. We have all heard of the " man without a shadow." Well, Sir George was " a man without a conscience"—a godless man, who never entered the walls of the kirk, or beat his stubborn knee to the Almighty Being who gave him life. He was a man who owned no duty to any one save himself, and only recognised that duty in the way of pandering to every instinct of his lower nature; and his existence was one long effort to make life comfortable to himself, no matter how uncomfortable he might render it to tho3e about him in the urocess. He scoffed at the idea of a life after death, and in his creedless soul knew of no other and no higher good than to make the best of this world—that is to say, trample on all that crossed his will. Early in life Sir George had married a woman well dowered with worldly goods, but dowered not at all with strength of mind or character—a woman who trembled and shook when he cursed and swore, and fled from the sonnd of his voice when he roared in anger or yelled out defiance to those who dired to thwart his will. Few did, for he gave them little chanceleast of all his wife. Yet in his eyes she had been guilty cf a flagrant sin. She had had a daughter, and she had not had a eon. {To be continued. J <3T Several cases of Drowning last month. Swimming at the City Baths. Jthsc 