. MORAY AND HIS THIRTY. JIahcii, 1818. Long as llio fmr nlu City stands, tho glory of tlio North : Long as ' King Arthur's Scat' o'erlooks tho flashing of the Forth : I Long ns o'er lovely Eelinbro', queens high her pnstlpfl hold. Of Horny riutl his Thirty shall tho gallant tnle be told. St. Xinlrcw's Cross wns gloaming from many a taken wall, .As Highland isle and Lowloud glou roso to \- tho Brnce's call; But from Stirling nnd from Edinbro', in firm defiance still, Tho English Lion flaunted freo, aud told hor Sovorign'g will. Cold in his nohie nbboy, lay ho whoso aun had set In clouds of stormy passage, tho great Plan tagonet ; 'Mid favoritos and fooleries, the weakly sap ling lost All that tho mighty oak had won — won nt such a bitter cott. But still King Edward's standard from tho Castle floated gny, And still tho rook impregnable held Bruce's best at bay, To loyal threat and loyal (strength, laughed frank defiance down. Whero Moray's baffled legions camped about the subject town. A soldier sought tho warrior Earl, whoso ready ear and wit Caught every rumor as it flew, and took tho heart from it ; ' I have scaled the rock full oft,' he said, 'in boyish fears despite; Who is there, that for Bruce's sake, will try my path to nigh! 7' ' Oh, ah, .the road is perilous, craves wary grasp and tread, And onco a sentinel look.down, by Mary, we were sped ! But the moon is at her birth I wot, the clouds Uvu^ iu iui; i- Lai) To dare and die — to dare and win — for Scot land, which were best ?'' 'Bight art thou,' fiery Moray said, and to his soldiers spoke. And, as they heard, an eager cry from every squadron broke ; Full many a stalwart trooper felt crossed hope was hard to bear, As Bandolph chose hia Thirty, from tha host of heroes there, Tho moon hung. dim and haloed above tho tosBing Firth, The wind swept with a muffled moan across the frost-bound earth; And from thadriving wrack of clouds the light gleamed faint and far, Ae, in black robes, the Thirty met round Moray's silver star. High np in Edinbro's Castle, secure tho Eng lish slept; Their dreary rounds tho sentinels in careful , ' order slept. And creeping, struggling upwardp, nerves, sinews, all astrain, Cloirib Randolph and his Thirty, their glorious prize to gain. 'Below there, oil ! I seo you,' a soldier cried in jest; I trow t!io throbbing pulses froze in everv Warrior's breast; Yet, nor stir nor cry betokenod their deadly peril, when The loosened ciag came bounding down, 'mid Moray and his men. Then roso the cry of wild surprise, of des perp.te darkling flight, As, like ghosts I the bold invaders sprung upon that guarded height ; Brief was tho furious struggle, as, startled ? from their rest, Unarmed, amazed, tho English met each fierce, unbidden guest. And when tho lingering morning broke upon ' ' the Castle i(ock, \- The ruddy Lion ramped no more, the Scottish breeze to mock; And when King ltobert to his feast bid the captains of his host, 'To Moray and his Thirty,' he pledged the crowning toast. All the Year Round. 