How a Man Who had Chcnted Htm Caiuu Back After Death to Apologize. ' Uniont'own, Pa., A'cws. i i ■ '! . " I ncrer go much, on ghost, stories," be?an Contractor Yah Dyke nt the ,Clinton House j 'the other eveniiisr. 'The old feentlemah^ h»'l • beon.listening witb .mpre or less attention-to a series of fables boing>told by the guests of ' the h'oteli ' ' ' ■ ' ' ' ■ -■ " Well, I don't know/' the-old-contractor. replied. " My experience in that direction has been somewhat remarkable. 1 don't sup poso you will believe me, but the story I will tell you is true, 1 can produce a living wit ness to it,'and,'I willat any . time mako' affi-' davit, to its accuracy, 1 Two years ago 1 was building's piece of railroad down in the east em part of this State, Among the people who furnished me ti£s was an old trader in whom l-bad little or no confldehcc. ' As the bills for the ties came in I paid them promptly and took receipts frohi every, man. I knew to the tie the number used. After my contract was completed the old trader sued me for the price of fifty ties. The case was tried, and I was compelled to pay the money. The old man had sworn to bis bill, and little or no defence could be made. When I,paid the monoy I warned,the oldfel low.'; I tokl him he had perjiircd'bimsclf.'I j prcdictcd for him an unhappy ending." About; six months ago I was awakened at one o'clock in the morning by this same old trader. , It was dark in my room. Just as plainly as 1 can seje ybu,now he, was thero' in lifo. wakened me by calling my name.' My partner was in bed in the same room just a few feet from me. I called him and told him of the visitor's presence., He said he could not sec him and laughed at mc.. He told'me I wosi dreaming, and .suggested that I go, to sleep. While we wbro'talking the old'.trader called;: me by name. He said he had been mistaken' about the tics, and offered to, return me the monoy. The vision then vanished. My partner talked with me of the matter before,we went , to sleep again. ...The next morning he- told the story on me as a joke, but while we wire at brcakfajt tho news reacbcd us of -the ol<t trader's death. He had died within ten minutes of the time of his visit to mc. I have no idea-how many .more calls of the same character he had to make, but 1 ami satisfied' his visit to me was tho last one, ' That'story is true as holy writ, the old man concluded. A distressing silence followed iti.telling and the party broko up> before all recovered. | Father (irasoililyj—" Who's' got .my.Ybodt,l jack ?" Cora (?miling archly—" The cat,, j Li Puck. ,l?!' ' " 