M~argory's Guardians. CHAPTER X.--Oontinued. In silence she followed IMr. Com. myne out of the station, and taking his proffered arm, walked slowly up the road, bravely dashing away the trouble some tears, which would well up and overflow her brown eyes, however hard she tried to keep them back. They had nealy reached the railway, when Mr Commrnyne asked suddenly, '1Iargory, do you know the contents of your fther's will t' 'No; what do you mean? I heard it read,' she answered, hastily recalling her stlaying thoughts from a far different object. 'Oh; I thought you did not know who was to succeed to your guardian ship in the event of Mr. Grander's death.' No: who?' she asked, rather startled by his tone. 'Captain and' Mrs. Grandei'.' ' Impossible!' she exclaimed, incre duously. 'He is so youns, and Mrs. Grander--' 'A mere nonentity!" True, it is strange. Did your father ever see this young fellow ?' 'No; he was abroad with his regi ment till a year ago.' 'I thought so. Then depend upon it, though I don't wish to speak evil of the dead, but Mr. Grander mdde out he was married, or in some way more suit able than an ordinary young officer for the guardian of an heiress. By jove i talk of the--et cetera -if it is'nt the man himselfl' as, turning up to the station, they descried Captain Grander passing through the door. 'Margory,' he exclaimed in surprise. Then, glancing at her companion, ' Ah, I see you have come to meet your uncle !' he said, graciously. 'I do not know if you remember me, Mr. Com myne, but we have met before.' 'Perfectly,' returned that gentle man, somewhat surprised, but cordially returning the greeting. 'I have come to see if I can be of afty use in this sad business. I am extremely sorry, for you, Ca.ptain Grander.' '[Thank you, Mr. Commyne. Yes, it is indeed a bad business, and will be wVorse yet, I fear. Nothing fresh has turned up to-day. I have been up to Scotland Yard, for I wish Mr. Ragland to have'evdry chance; though, per sonally, I must confess to having very little doubts on the subject.' ' T' Scotland Yaid for a detective ? Oh, thannloi' o!' oried Margory varmly. He give her an eager glance. ' Youremember our yesterday's com pact? . am only fulfilling my promise. Mr. Commyne,' turning to her com panion, where are you 1,hinking of putting up ? Can we not accommodate you at the Grunge ?' Thank you,' replied Mr. Commyne, hesitating between love for his niece and hatred of the.Grander family. ' I fear I shall be an intruder.' 'Not' at all,' said the captain, politely. ' Then it is settled? You will excuse my absenting myself a good deal'? 'lAs you can' imagine, I have little time or inclination to idle at home. Here is the carriage; will you get in at once? Whore is your maid,, Margorky I suippose you did not come aloine 81.'.... ' On' the :platform, guarding Uncle Ned's luggage. Thank you so much for asking him !' she added, as Mr. Commyne disappeared into the station. "It is'nothing,' said the captain, kindly, handing her into the carriage. * A friend should be a friend. You will fiud ie no luke-warm one, Mar ' I wish I: could do sobmnething for you in return !' she said eagerly; ' but it is impossible.' ':There is only one thing I would ac cept from you, and that I know it is impossible for you to grant,' he an swvred, sadly; 'but believe me, Mar gory, I can know no greater happiness than in pleasing you.' Mr. Commyne's return at this moment, followed by Alice and a porter carrying the portmanteau, saved her the necaosity of a reply, and interrupted the conversation, which she felt was taking a dangerous turn. Captain Grander seemed bent on making himself agreeable, and played host to perfection; his manner char acterised by a half conce led melan choly, which made him at least twice as endurable. Still, when, in bed that night, olhe meditated over the evwnts of kle day, she could not help a vague repugnance towards him rising in her heart, as she recalled their short convoeratiou at the station. Was he really in eilnest ? It was a strange and sudden trans formation, if transformation it could be called, and not a clever pIiece of ,oting. Troulled by thoughts like these, she remained awake, tossing from side to iiae, wvith bright, widely-opened eyes, frbm which sleep seemed very far away. At last, having said the alphabet backwarda and forwards, and had recourse to all the recognised methods for courting slumber, she jumped out of bed, and went to the window. The moonlight streamed into the room as she drew up the blind, and the light completing her wakefulness. Mnargory determined to get a book and read herself to sleep. She went to the bookcase, and searched acedrdingly; but the required volume was not there, and she sud denly remembered that she had left it in one of the down-stair rooms. 'I wi 1 go and fetch it,' ahe decided, throwing on her dressing-gown, and thrustitg her bare feet into slippers. Whatever were Margory's faults, timidity was not one of them With out troubling to take a light, she passed out into the gallery, and pansed for a moment, dreamily enjoying the pecu liar beauty the blue moonbeans shted over the old house; the dark ahdows lying beyond the light only adding to the picieture, by concedling the defects, and dimly suggesting height and depth, where the pitilesa sunbeams displayed only low brown celinugs and paint-cracked archways. Suddenly M?rgory was startled by a sound in the hall below, and in another moment, with a gasp of terror, she renlised what it was. Something was coming slowly up the stairs. What could it be ? Curiosity and the paralyzing in fluences of fear chained her to the spot. So with bla,,ched cheeks and clasped hands she st ood her ground, While this terriblo something, whose presence she rather f-lt than heard, came slowly up the dark oak staircase from below. The lanuding at the top of the first flight, flooded with moonlight, lay immediately below her; on reaching this, the object, whatever it was, would become visible, and would also turn full in her direction. On it came. and Margory held her breath; another moment, and it would be in sight. The moment passed-a figure glided noiselessly into the moonlight, and turning slowly, looked her full in the face! With a shriek that rang through the house, Margory staggered back against the wall! The face that looked into hers was that of her dead guardian, M'. G Gander ! CHAPTER XI. Margory's shriek had roused the household. In two or three minutes Mr. Com moyne, Captain Grander, and some of the servants, in various stages of dishabille, rushed out of their rooms, all more or less sleepy, and with con fused ideas of murder, robbery, or fire, or a combination df all these evils. ' What is it I' ' Who screamed ?' 'Did you hear it!' they asked one anothr eagerly, the women huddling together in a frightened group in the gallery, while the two gentlemen, wi th lights and revolvers, proceeded to search the house. Only Alice, fancying she had recog nised her misstress's voice, and seeing she was missing from the panic- stricken party, hastened unperceived along the passage to her room. She softly knocked at the door, but receiving no answer, entered, and by the bright moonlight saw Margory lying motionless on the floor. Alice had plenty of common sense, and initead of calling for help, as many girls would lave done in her place, she quietly closed the door, and, bringing some water, knelt down by her sa de, doing all in her power to restore her to consciousness. For some minutes her efforts were unavailing, but at last Margory slightly stirred, opened her eyes, and looked round her. 'What is the matter, Alice? Why are-&h;! Iremember. Good heavens! how horrible it was ! Oh, Alice,' clinging to her as she spoke, 'is the door shut ? For mercy's sake don't let him come in here!' 'Who, Miss Grey?' asked Alice quickly, alarmed by her mistress's mailter. Her tone recalled Margory to her self. She began to recover from her fright and with returning sense came the necessity for precaution. 'How did you get here, Alice,' she said, struck suddenly by the strange ness of her situation. ' Have I been fainting again? What an idiot I am!' ' I found you in a faint, Miss Grey. There was a terrible scream that roused everyone in the house a few minutes ago; they are searching it now. Somehow I fancied it was your voice, and I came straight here.' 'AAlicc, you can keep a secret, can you not? Well, I will tell you all about it. I ws going downstairs to fetch a book, when I saw--' 'What, Miss Grey ?' Margory paused, and glanced half fearfully round the room. 'The ghost of Mr. Grander !' Alice started, turning ~ery pale, and Margory went on in a kw voice. 'I felt it coming upstairs as I stood I in the gallery, and when it reached the landiug it turned and loked at me; such a look, Alice-it nearly froze my b'ood. -And then it lifted one arm threateningly, and I thought it would have spoken; but, instead, it vanished in the darkness, anrd I suppose I turned and ran back to my room, but don't re member anything more. You will not tell anyone, Alice ?-I do not wish it talked about; and now lie down on my sofa, and make youruelf as comfortable as possible, and do not speak, for fear those searching the house should hear us. When alt is quiet again, I will try and sleep.' Fearing a cro s-examination, or even a conversation cn the events of the previous night, Margory p.eaded a headache, and remained in her room next morning till Alice had assured her Captain Grander was safely out of the house, and also, what she had noc cal culated on, that her uncle had accom modated him. 'What has he gone for?' she ex claimed with some vexation. 'I don't know, Miss Gray; but he told me to give you hIris love, and say he hoped to be back to luncheon.' 'How tiresome!' muttered the young lady, with a frown. She had resolved on letting her uncle into the scret of the apparition, feeling she needed a more satisfactory confederate than Alice, and now his ill-timed disappearance gcompelled her to wait the whole morning with what patience she might for his return. Very slowly the morning passed, but, at last, soon after one o'clock, Margory, who was on" the watch, caught sight of her uncle walking rapidly along the road leading to the Grange. Rushing into her room for her bat, she flew down the stairs, and out of the house to meet him. 'Well, Madge, good morning. How. is the head?' was Mr. Commyne's greeting on approaching his neice. ' My head? Oh! better thanks,' returned iMargory, who had, in truth, forgotten all about it. 'Uncle Ned,' she continued, ' I want to have a good talk. Let us go round the garden; it is so close and fusty in the house.' Mr. Commyne submitted with a good grace, and they walked round to the back of the house, and some way down the weed-grown garden to where a rustic seat stood under a stunted elm, almost the sole tree, or attempt at one, the place could boast. Here Margory seated herself, and her uncle did likewise, calmly await: ing the cross-questioning he well knew was before him. 'Now, Uncle Ned,' began Margory, eageriy, 'where have you been, and why did you not tell me you were going ?-and have you seen Arthur, and-' 'Stop a minute, young woman. One question at a time, if you please. I can't answer three in a breath. Which is to come first ? Perhaps I need not ask, though. No, I have not seen Ar thur.' ' Nor heard anything new ?' ' Nothing child.' 'Oh, dear !' and Margory heaved a deep sigh. 'I was so hoping you might; but, then, what did you go for, Uncle Ned I' 'Why Captain Grander seemed to have been making rather a muddle of the detective business whti I came to talk it over with him, so I went this morning to see after it. As lexpected, his man turned out a failure, and. he did not know what to do. Now, by great good luck, a short time ago a friend of mine told me of an affair in which a detective had been employed, whom, he said, had not his equal in England. He insisted on giving me all particulars, though I little thought I should ever need them, so I tele graphed to tLe man, and got an answer to say that he was disengaged, and would start immediately, and he will actually be here this afternoon; so, you see, I have done something, my dear.' 'Oh, I am so gladl ' she cried, eagerly. ' And will he come here ?' 'I suppose so-in fact, of course he will. The captain is to meet him, and bring him over.' 'Captain Grander will meet him ?' exclaimed Margory, her voice betray ing her dissatisfaction. ' Yes, indeed. Why not ?' 'I would rather he did not get held of him first.' 'Nonsense, Margory! This is a most unreasonable prejudice you have taken against young Grander. He is no more like his father than I am, and that is saying a good deal, I hope.' 'Yes, ever so much, dear old uncle,' said Margory, with a smile; ' but, all the same, I can't help it. I have nothing to say against Captain Gran der; indeed, he is very agreeable when he holds his tongue; but I can not hlke him. Instinct makes me dis trust him.' ' Fiddlesticks, Madge! Leave in stinct to creatures without reason, and exerb your own.' 'I am a woman, Uncle Nod,' an swered the girl, slyly; 'therefore, how can you expect me to listen to reason? But I want to speak to you, please, very seriously.' And Margory, not without some private misgivings, im parted to the old gentleman the history of her lastnight's adventure. This recital Mr. Commyne not un naturally received with a hearty burst of laughter. ' Come, Madge, draw it mild,' he ex claimed, recovering himself. 'No fool like an old fool, I know, but that is rather too strong for me to swal low.' (To be continued.) 