Ift^eHst PUT ASUNDER: LADY CASTLEMiJNE'S DIVORCE. caAPTEB XXiV. THE TATTLE SEED. . By BERTHA M. CLAY, •" • AUIHOB OF " HIS ONE* HISTAKB," 44 THBOWN ON • V THEWOBLd"," " A 6TBUGGI1B, 3TOB-A BING," «?A BITTEU ATONKMEISTj" ETC, 14 May t come in i=aid Isabel Hyde. 4 4 Yes," Lidy Castlemaine hastened 46 . answer. " " I was longing {p? you. You can Co, -Janet," said the young "countess to Her maid. TJiers conld ba no prettier picture than the interior, p£ that dressingroom, mtlr its rtiandred-^eMnres of art, its luxurious . disarray-•.',.. - "••.' ••.''"'-. lady Gitsllemalhe, in a drdesing-gown of pnle-bluesiik, embroidered in wiute .flowers, likea veil pror her -sbouldsriv'w&s; one. of the loveliest pictures. -Thfe ruddy glow of : th<} firelight fellfuU upon pdinfeC'tba'toliair. -.. ....^v..-.-- ., , -- tnlfe,- . "I W ,lenging see;youi I have cometo this c$ii- 1 cladion, -that the "gre^jtest loxnry on eaxtn is -to Haye onG's hair ^ell braced after a long xught's dancmg." / . ^ . ' / ^ : Brushing joiir iair is no light task, it is. eo Ahnndant," said Isabel, paeting her hand caressingly oyar the - fihining wav^. 'Garressingly; .but the thpughf was that.some day that eaintiy, ^e&ly; head 'would be humbled to |he dasi. '" •";.' • ". / - ; shall nqt jnind it ICJC fall with her/' she said to lierseR, " pronded only that she iaUs.*? . ' ^ - And there w&s; ever bdore her, both by day and by iiighfe, a pifiture of a queenly White Hos^ fallen ihto Jbe duat and the mire—wShered,.faded, and d^ad. None of these JheughtES were written in her face } that was etniling and bright enough,; as ; It was/hot about the luxury of hair- ^lessingyon wanted, to see ine, Gertrude?!' "Indeeditwagnotr'Ia^h^dLadyG iriaihe. C I vSated to tell yojo how miu|h I enjoyed my conversation with a great hero; Do you know, Isabel, he seems qaite dilierent from oth« taen." \- " Hs fs diSerent," said Mias Hyde, with a pecal&r; smile. Do yoa really like him ?" . do ; very inuch indeed ; he interests ixde greatly. Is lie mariiecl, Isabel ?" " No," replied .Miss* fiydei. _ " Suetrmen as Colonel Lennox never marry." V But surely he- loves some one. I cannot imagine a brave knight without a fair lady." "There is jaone in this case," said Mies Jlyde, "or. I should have heard cf it.'L If Colonel Lennox were to devote himself .to any ' woman, that woman would* be for the time queenofallfashionable London." . . - " Why. do you not finter the lists, Isabel ?" asked Lady Caatlemaine. She held the ®hii? ing waves of hair in her hand, afid was watching ^he- golden hue. 44 You wodld win, ratQ-'Bnre^'-^ \- u ,t anight," ^aid Isabel, cardfeBsly ; 41 but aUhough X have -si great admiration for Colonel Leninox, he is 'not the Mnd of man I should fell in lbve vdth or inarry." "Pdftmp~s-n6t,";eaid:L9,dy^Castl&maine;, thdugbtf ally; "-but he isagreat here; Isabel. ' Do you see how the- fireflashes from his^eyes? I shonia like for once to'^ se^ him in a ralge j he would be flottethihg rnagnifibent." : "Soimetfaing terrible," interrapted Isabel. " I should not like it. • But, Ctertrade, yoa really would like to see Jnm somfefcimes and talk to him ?" • - " Yes," .answered Lady CasUemaine; " I really should." : ? - . " TSen. will yon take a little advice from m8, Gertrude? vYon wSl never regret it.. Yep would like to be on friendly, "terms with Colonel Lannox—to ask him to. your balls and parties ?" " I should," replied Lady Castlemaine. 41 And you will be able to do so. He may even beeome the tamie cat of the house, if jou will fdllowtny adyioe,Gertrade." ^ 44 Let me hear 'it fiist," said Lady Castlemaine. " - - ' • * Say nothing aboitJb him just aZ first to IJOtA Castlemaine." . ... * 4^aVwliymot?"aBkea''Iiadjr Castlemaine. . "Why not, Isabem; * : "I will tell yoti, ,r > she replied, She drew the shining waves of ^Iden fiau through her own hands, and there was » strange,. pale smile around her lips «s she answered; 44 1; will tell you; for, with all your quickness and f your cleverness^ you do -not understand' the world as well as I do. I will tell you, Gertrude. Although Colonel Lennox is the hero of -the day, the great man of the hour— although he is one of the finest-of Her Majesty's officers, there are just a few people With whom he is not popular/' 1 "They are jealous of him,"' said Dady Castlemaine. " It Way be that," was the diplomatic reply. 44 .Colonel Lannox holds strong political opinions of his own. He urged a tier tain line of conduct during the Zulu warswhich . made him enemies." "That is not just," cried Lady Castlemaine. 44 It is not just, but few things are in this strangely managed world,"' said Isabel; and ehe bit her lip3 as Bhe thought of a certain iojustice done to her. Men form strong opinions on euyh' matters," she continued, " and they often hold bitter prejudices against each other." =t Hot one word, cf the real stories egainst his character which would have made Lady Castlercaine dislike lum; not one whisper of that moral turpitude ^hich would have made him distasteful to her. She did not even hint at the reasons why those who disapproved of his vices passed on the other side of the road and held out nc hand to him. ^ ^ Ii Lady Castlemaine had even heard one of those terrible stories, about him, she wonld have declined to meet .him, and would have known , that her hero-worship was wasted. But the impression bo cleverly conveyed to her was that Colonel Lennox was eccentric or peculiar in' his line of politics, and so drew on himselE the dislike of those who did not. think as he aid. The whole world must : .admire him as a brave soldier, a man of magnifisent courage; but: all men did not of necessity admire his politics. 44 But, Isabel," she said, 44 although Eudolph - takes the greatest interest in politics, he would never bo so unfair as to dielike such a man as Colonel Lennox on account of his opinions, let them be what they may." 4 1 1 do not s&y; that he dislikes him, that is gojug too far; I merely say that I have noticed in Lord Castlemaine a shadow of dislike to hid, a faint shadow/' 4 1 1 have never even heard him mentioahis name,"-cried Lady Castlemaine. 41 Nor have I;" said Isabel. 44 It was by his perfect silence when the colonel's name was mentioned, and the expressive shrug of his shoulders that I knew Lord Castlemaine did not like him." " You are quick, and have a keen instinct, I know," said Lady Castlemaine; 44 but even if it so, why-should I care? I do not like all of Budolph's friends, hdr do I expect him to like all mine." " 44 At last—at last'-1!' Isabel could hardly withhold the rapturous cry that rose to her lips. \- • Here was the small Eeed sown in good ground—if she could but cherish it,-cultivate it—watch it until it grew into a strong plant. But she must be careful—her fingers must not grasp it too tightly, or it would perish —she must not guard it with breadth of flame or it would die." 44 No," she replied, slowly, " that is quite an exploded idea—lhdeedr the Casllemaine idea ol matrimony is altogether out of date.; Husband and wife' in theee days choose their respective frie&ds; and go' each in his or her own way." . ' - "I 'would never choose a' friend whom Rudolph did not like though," said Lady Castlemaine. . ' . Ah! little• seed yen are hardly strong enough to plant at present! 41 Of course not," said Isabel, 44 and this is why l am intruding my advice upon you. It yon were to go to Lord Castlemaine now, and say to him^41 have met Colonel Lennox, and I like him, I should like him to be invited : to this house,' he would, with all the Castlemaine obBtinaey, teply that he did mot like him, decline to invite Mm, and there would at - once be civil war.' You see that, Gertrude?" \- - •' " Yes," she replied. thoughtfally," I see it, Isabel," '. • •• 44 Whereas, if you are«are£uland quiet for a ehorlftime, you need not have one- word on' the subject." . 4 4 But whal is your adsiceT' Mked iady Castl6imainei' '" You have ni^given it to me yet." ..." ' S'-^ ; Bssolu^^s she vras; her Upe rpaled and the hands rheld ^^ y^shlaihg ' golden hair . I should cultivate a iriendsMpr with Colbnd Lennox Mthopt your husband knowing it; not for long; |ust for a few 4aye or ~~"k0. 5?hgn,"when you know "him; pretty - well; and have establislied your friendship^ yojqr hu9band will tate lt as a matter of oouxse, and there will be nothing said." ... 4 4 JPhat seems to me, a^ weak argument," ^aid/Lady Castlemaine. "**:St511 as you are generally right in what you think, I wffl be guided by yoii; But then, Isabel, Budolph is always out witb us.' - '..' 44 N6t always. You often drive alone in the park'; at afternoofl tea Lord C&stlemaine; is sdldom present; he has his'club engagements; you go at times to balls without him, and sometimes to the opera." ' " I did hot 7know rthat I- was so often parted from him," aaid the young-wife, half sadly. . * -- : ^ Isabel Hydehad the sense toknowthatshe had sai^enough. She was wifie enougli to know that another word would* make Lady iCastlemaine espoijse herhusband'a cause, and refe^e the friendship of a man wjiom Jae did noit like. 'Bhe turned the conversati^n to quite another subjeet, but she knew from the expression of thought on the beaptifuliace that the seed, she had dropped had fallen on good ground. . No truer or more faithful mfe lived than ^iady Castlemaine; she had no thought, no "interest, no care away from her. husband; ehe loved hith with true.anfl tender love. - Sut there was just a spice of romance here that captivated her fancy—to form a friend^ ship with this magnificent man who. was a .greatliero. There was a gleam of romance in it, and she .had not the faintest idea of evil or harm. She was to make friends with him first, and tell her husband afterwards, when she knew him well., ' Isabel talked to her of the coming' masquerade to be held at Baneleigh Houses to be given by the DueheBS of Eaneleigh, 9nd which was to be the leading/«te of,the season. 44 Have you decided abont ' costume yet ? " she iasked.. - ' „ 41 No; i have not begun to think of it^yet. Should we go as lEtebecca and Bowena, Isabel ?" . - ' . _ ' . 4,^7ith only one Iyanhoe between us," she replied, laughingly., 44 Ob, no, Gertrude; we must think of something better than that." She did not fall asleep till morning dawn; for in her fancy, all* night' 16ng, she was watching.the growth of the littleseed she had sown. CHAPTER XXY. S?HE GBOWTH OF THE "SEED. During the next few days, no matter whfere Lady Castlemtijne went or whom she" met, the conversation always turned, on Colonel Lennox, his bravery, and his adventures. . The ninety's wonder had not died out; be was still a great hero. ' ^ No new Ecandal had been.told of liim, and there were iome people who believed.that, rumor had been exaggerated. One thing was quite certain—any lady whom he admired became the fashion." He was an authority on the subject of feminine beauty, as on politics and war. At first people did not bctice his devotion to Lady Castlemaine. At first they met bnt rarely. Lord Castlam'aine was his wife's Shadow; lie was still too much in love with her to be happy for one' moment when he was away from fcsr; he disliked all those engagements that kept him from her side, but there ware times when it was quite unavoidable. It did not strike Lady Castlemaine, either, how strange it was that whenever she went oat without her husband the colonel was by; her side at once. - Lord Castlemaine could not go to the Duchess of Bantleigh's bail; It.was only at the last minute he found he must go to Fortsmouth to say 44 good : by " to an oldlriend who was sailing away. Lady Castlemaine and Isabel went together; they had agreed to dress so as to represent their old characters—the White Boss and the Bed Basis. Lady Castlemaine looked especially charming. She wore a white silk, richly embroidered with fine pearls and trimmed with sprays of white roses ; she worse white rosebuds round the neck of her dress, and a lovely white rose, the ideal of herself, neBtled in the coils of golden hair. A general mur- . 'tnur of admiration followed her entrance into the crowded ball-room. \- The costume of the Bed Bose was quite as great a success. The dark, passionate beauty of Isabel Hyde had never showed to such advantage as in the exquisite dress of pale rose silk, and its elaborate trimmings of deep red" tosss. She wore a small wreath of damask roees in her hair. ' Society smiled at seeing its two favourites in their lasL year's characters. Two more beautiful women never entered a ball-room. Strabga to say, although on the Saturday morning, when they met, Colonel Lennox told Lady Castlemaine he should not be at the ball, there he was, advancing to meet her, with a smile on that bold, handsome face of his, before which, if she had been a wiser woman, she would have fled, or died. ' We'was surrounded, as usual, by a little crowd of courtiers; he towered above them all. He took the jeweled tablets from her hand in his moBt graceful and courtly fashion. \- 41 1 mean to be selfish to-night," he said; and Lady Castlemaine saw that he had placed his name against every waltz. She shook her blonde head gravely at him, and what he thought the fatniliarify of the graceful getturevintoxieated him. . -There was a spice of romance about it all that amused her; it wis the old story of Hercules and the distaff, of Cleopatta and Mark A.ctony. over again; -To 'the feminine mind, there will always be somethi&g; delightful in th£ conquest of strength and b?avery. Lady Castlemaine bad not the faibte&t; suspicion of evil. She had regretted with most bitter regret that her husbsnd bad fiot been-able to accompany her; but there Was something of romance in the fact that every time the music of & waltz sounded this splendid colonel immediately sought her. She had no idea of doicg Anything that was in the least degree imprudent or unseemly; but he charmed her so that she forgot everything else, and lenged for his conversation again. There was never a wooer so eloquent as he. He told hc-r storiep, anecdotes, adventures, some full cf rollicking fufe, soijoe Of i&flcite; pathos—all pure as thcu .'h. he had been converging with &n; angel. - Bat they interested and amused her; and wheo be lefb. slte looked forward with eagerness to their next interview. ! He dscced witl'. her so of ten this evening, and nude him« ;f so cossp'caous by his devoti^a to her, that Isabel thought it prudent to Bonjicister a warning. • , It would noi do for strange or untrainc-d hands to force f.hifl seed, which she had sown with ench tare. "-Gertrude," she whispered, 44 1 would not dance again with Colonel Lennox." *« Why.?" she asked, impatiently. " The reason is obvious," said Miss Hyde. "That was your third waltz, and people are beginning to look at you." 44 To look at me 1" cried Lady Castlemaine. 44 What for ? Why should they look at me ?" Isabel Hyde ehragged het eboaldefs. "You Snow how people talk," she said. " Suppose that to-morrow some-one jests before Lord Castlemaine about the number of .times you have waltzed with that handsome coloiiel. You would not like it ?" 44 No," she replied, slowly. 44 1 might not like it, but I do not see that it oould matter -much." \- ^As ifcwas-m this caee,£o inevery other ;no matter wbere she appeared, there, sooner or later, jcame Colonel Lennox. " I could almost believie," she said, Ianghingly, to him pne motniag, 44 that , you must receive a telegram from the birds to say When and where l am geing." She did not notice the sudden flush- on his face, nor the fitill more suspicious fact that Isabel Hyde had turned quickly aside, as though she did not care to hear the words. Twice when she was out in the park, once at a garden patty, andonoe at the. Zoological Gardens, she had met-him when she was %ith Isabel; and he had made eo much of .these occasitn? that she began to look upon him as. an old friend. 1 She had never meant any eoncealmettt, any disguise, any deceit; leaet of all had she thought in any way of keeping secrets from her husband; she had merely carelessly followed label's words—not to speak, to her husband juet at first about it. She was too young and too guileless of heftft to think much of it, or to see any evil in it. . '' She wae now on quite friendly terms with -hiin. She had methim twice at Lady Cresson's a^ five o'clock tea, and they talked on until Lady Castlemaine had been compelled to drive home quickly, a^dhad a very narrowescape of being late for dinner." 'She' was lees on her guard now,-and after dinner, during a . long convocation which took place on the diffcrent et&tions; of men, their different employments and professions, Lady CaBtlemaine said, suddenly: "I like soldiers best. If I were a mafi, I would neither be a lawyer, a doctor, a politician, nor anything eke, but a soldier." It was curious how strange a silence followed this remark. - Lord Castlemaine looked at his wife. 44 You have few opportunities of studying the ^different professions, Gertrude. . What makes you eay that ?" She was conscious in one moment of her own indiscretion, and hastened to cover it. *' Soldiers are heroes, 9 she said. • Lord* Castlemaine-laughed. ' Yes, they were quite go 3d friends now. They mit with smiles, parted with regret thought with pleasure of the next interview. On her side there was nothing but the feeling of great interest, of quiet amusement, of hero worship. On his, there was the consciousness that he loved for the first time in his life, and with all the desperation of a man's first pasBiom ' Verily, the little seed was growing, and would soon be a strong plant I Then he became impatient to see more of lier, wild that oould not be done: unless be knew her husband, and could call at the house.. 44 The Lady of Neath," he called her in his own ihind, and he wished that the days of chivalry were back again, that he mfght pto- .olaim Mmeelf her knight, fi^ht iot her, die for. her. All his paBt . wicked life seemed to rise up in vengeance against him, no w that he was earnestly and deep in love. What a wretched past,-what shameful memories, what. • hwrible .remembranCes^1" . _ ' 4^But she will never know," he said to himself» " No one will tell her. In her beautiful eye? I Bhail always be a great hero, and I desire ho inbre." But he must see her oftener; he conld no loiiger bear that a whole twenty-four hours should pass witnoift one glimpse of her. "I should like to know Lord Castlemaine," he said to her, one day. "Nothing would be easier," she replied. "Will you introduce me, Lady Castle- ,maine ? " he asked. 44 Yes"; I will, with pleasure," she replied. 44 Five o'clock tea is quite an ibstitution at Neath House—will you call to-morrow and take a cup with us ? " e —-- 4 4 1 shall be most charmed and happy," he replied. 44 It is the desire of my heart to viBit your house." „ Again a slight frown on her face warned him. v , 4 4 1 have been told," he continued, " that Neath House is one of the finest mansions in town, and I admire beautiful houses." 44 A strange taste for a soldier," she replied, laughingly. - 4 1 1 like a camp better," he cried. But she would not believe him^ and playfully called him a carpet knight. They laughed and jested, and were more friendly and more familiar than they had ever been before. She was pleased at the idea that he should visit her, pleased that he should wMi to know her husband; but there was no time to speak of it. That evening she went to two different balls, and in the 'morning she was too tired to remember it. Shfe had been anxious to tell Isabel!, but in the varied engagements of the day she forgot all about it. Aa. events turned oat, it did not much matter, but it is possible that if she had told her husband that morning who was to be her guest in the evening, a tragedy might have been averted; CHAPTER XSVI. A FIVE O CLOCK TEA. The drawing-room at Neath House was a magnificent room. It ran along the whole length of the building; it had six large windows that opened into a balcony, which was always filled with fairest flowers, all the flowers that Lady Castlemaine liked best— small clusters of wbhe lilacs, tha io?ely narcissus, the white daphne, the white rose; white wfes to; be seen everywhere. It was a room bright as sunshine, flowers, light, and magnificence could mike it. The five o'clock tea at Neath House was an institution, but Lady Castlemaine^.was very particular as to who. attended. The invitees were all her own particular and intimate friends, and she was much beloved in general society. She e&joy;&d; social life. To see herself surrounded by fair young girls, by witty and piquant matrons, was a s ple&8u?e-to her.* She enjoyed these little reunion*. She liked to hear the last anecdotes, the last new novel discussed, the last new fashion commented upon; the newest engagement, the last fashionable marriage—alt were conned over with many a merry laugh and jest. The ladies wore such pretty dresses, the colors were so beautiful, the sonnd of the. silvery voices and laughter was so sweet. - Lady Caetlemaiae's teas were famous; those who bad been once longed to go ag&ia.; Oh this evening, when Colonel Lennox waa to pay his first visit to the hguse, Lady Castlemaine .looked more lovsly than usual. She was thinking a little of him when she chose that most exquisite of tea gowns, which was a combination of pale-blue velvet and white satin. It was impossible to tell where one bsgan and the other ended. Oa htr golden hair lay the lovelie&i; little picture of a . cap; her white "ban ds shone .wiih jewel;. The little table before her was a poem in itself-; the- old:fashioned silver service, the Sevres china, delicate and beautiful as flowers; the fragrant tea, with thick, rich cream fresh from tha country; and Lady Castlemaine," while ehe dispensed tea with her own fair hands, led tha conversation. She was the wittiest, the quickest at repartee in all that brilliant band of beautiltrl women. . Isabel Hyde wore ,a tea gown elaborately contrasted of few-colored velvet and rosepink silk, the soft tints of which made her faca look the brighter. There was only one drawback to the perfect happiness of the beautiful mistress of that splendid house'as she sat^ there, and it was' that her husband was absent. All her favorite friends were present. -Mtss Hyde,'who was*still visiting Naath House; • the young -and Cjadtesa - Erkadale, who could talk twice as much and twice as long as any other lady; there was the beauti* ful and bright young, matron, the Duchess of Westwater, who had the candid blue eyes of a child, with a mind fall ^of wit and mischief; there was the sweet-facsd, sentimental Lady Buchanan, whiT thought nothing more substantial than flowers worth discussing; Lady Eastlake, the leader of-the se 3theiic-school, who almost died of a sunflower and went inco ec3taoies over a lily; thera was the livsly and coquettish young Marchioness of Heathers, who, made war -all round, her eyes,, like, arrows, pierced the hearts of the men who' g&z;&d; upon har, and she had nothing whatever to offer them by way of consolation; there was/Miss G*antly, the famous heiress, who nevei opened her niouth but to utter an epigram; there was the famous poet, Oswald Clyde, the writer of the last new poem, which had driven the poetry-loving portion of the public mad. Neither ^tj. wisdom, nor beauty was wanting, and Lidy Ciatlenmne, as she gracefully dispensed the Ssvres cup*, seemed to hold all the threads of the conversation in her own hands; it was she who pointed the sh^rp arrows of wit; it was she who called forth the thoughts and ideas of others; it was she who seemed to bring her visitors more together, mind to mind.- Isabel looked at her with eyes of envy. 4 4 1 should have been just such another hostess," she said to herself, " if these rooms, had been mine, as they ought to have been." There was a slight stir when Colonel Lennox was announced. Most of .the ladies knew him well. The Duchess of West water admired him, and her blue eyes were never more beautiful than when they .were raised with the candor of ohildhood to his. Lady Eafflake sighed at the mention of his name; there was nothmg-Of ttie jettbetic about Uim. The Marchioness of Heathers delighted in bum; she liked his stories, his adventures, and not being one of ! the most scrupulous of womankind, did not dislike him any the more for his character of a gallant man.. Colonel iennox looked neither to the right nor to the left; he went to the beautiful hostess, found a seat bysher side, and asked for a cup of tea from her ^ hands. She gave it io him. He enjoyed the whole situation; the magnificent room, with its wealth of fragrant "flowers ; the beautiful an a witty women, the clever men; he enjoyed the conversation, the wit, the repartee. N Under cbvej of- a general laugh, raised by the Mirehioness^cf Heathers, Isabel said to Lady Castlemaine: 41 You did not tell me that Colonel Lennox was coming." -"No," was the frank reply; " I forgot." ' Forgot! The word made Isabel shudder. If she had indeed forgotten, evidently lier mind was not filled by him. « i He wants to know Rudolph," she continued, carelessly, 44 and I thought this a very pleasant time for an introduction.". " There could be none better," replied Isabel. - r - - On the table near her lay a spray of white lilac, that some careless lady had let fall from a bouquet ; she raised it and held it to her lips; the words she whispered into it were the same as those Bhe had uttered in thecburch on the wedding-day, and when ehe raised her face agaiu there was a smile on it not good to see. * 4 This must be a lady's, paradise," said Colonel Lennox. 41 1 wonder what the world did before the luxury of tea was discovered ?" 44 Pretty much the same as it does now," said Lady Heathers. 44 There must always have been something to drink, something cheerful and enlivening, even for savages." 41 Have you seen the famous new picture at the Academj^K)olonel Lennox ?" " I have had so many engagements," he replied, " that I have not had time to see one-half thai I want to see." Said Lady Westlakei " The prettiest sight I have seen is the large grcve of chestnut trees in Bichmond Park." 4 4 1 quite agree with you, Lady Westlake," said the poet. Colonel Lennox turned to his beautiful hostess. 44 My bachelor quarters are so limited," he said, 44 1 am most unfortunately prevented from returning the hospitality pressed upon me: but I have had daring, and I believe original, thoughts of giving a dinner at B -ji> rnond, if I could pc-rsuade Boine kind and gracious lady to help.me." ' "You~would have 330 difficulty in that," she said; but he observed that was careful not to offer ber aid. ' " If I am fortunate enbngh to-succeEd Ja*- my effoitsV promise to be the queen of my litile "festivity ?" At almost any other time she would have answered, "Yes,"-without a thought, but there canr.e to her mind a'sudden recollection, that until" Colonel Lsnnox had been introduced to her husband she. could not accept, any such invitation. "I muBt have time to think ^f it," she replied. ~ . ; s . 4 4 1 shall live on the hope of it," he said. 4 1 1 am sorry Lord Castlemaine is hot at home." "He was sent for quite unexpectedly, two hours ago; he" seldom misses the tea hour." 4 4 1 .should imagine not^for it is a'very happy one," said Colonel Lennox. He wanted, if he possibly could, to get her away from these brilliant people. It was the first time he bad been at her house, and he wanted to make a sentimental occasion of .it, and ehe had no notion of the kind. How earnestly he wished these pretty women would put down their teacups-and go. Surely there had been tea enough! For a few minutes he" almost hated" Lady Heathers, whose' viva v eious anecdotes kept every one in continued laughter. If tney would but go! It was his firSt visit to the house, and he wanted-to say a few words to her. How was it possible? The great poet sat silently watching him, feeling: sorry in his heart to see Colonel Lennox on Buch friendly terms with beautiful Lady Castlemaine. He knew him, knew the troth of all the stories that were told about him, knew what his reputation really was. • • " If I had. a yonng and lovely wife like that," he said to himself, " Colonel Lennox would find no place in my drawing-room." B.ut then he was a poet, and- poets take strange views Of things. , ' Then, to the colonePs great relief, Lady Heathers roeej one or two others followed her example, and a small laughing group made for the door. Thepoet remained; he had seen the impatience on that bold, handsome face, and he understood. , 4 This is one of his old tricks," he said to himself; "he wants to talk to Lady Castlemaine, and he' wishes we will all go away. I, for one, shall jiot oblige" him." The colonel staid and the poet staid, ontil Isabel Hyde, with her usual tjuibknegs, guessed <-c the sicu'ation and came to the rescue.. She went up to him : ' - " Have you seen Lady Castlemaine's portrait? " she asked. •' Millais only finished ii lust week." . .. No, he had not seen it, but, should, of course, be delighted; and Mis3 Hyde led him to the library, wherathe picture hung.~ The colonel blessed her in his heart; then he turned quickly to his beautiful hostess.- . 4 1 1 am so glad to have a chance of j&yiiag; one word to you, 1 ? he said, hurriedly. " I thought they would never go." ; 4 4 1 did not want them to go," elie said, coldly. ~ - - 4 ; " I did," he Cried. 4 1 wanted to tell you what an infinite pleasure this, my first visit to you, gives me." She laughed a proud, careless laugh that cut Mraliksaiaife. f >. ~.y»r* : , "I do not see," she said, 44 Why you wish my friends gone, in order that you mightmake a simple speech like that." _ - "Give me something toiemember.it by? " he aeked. ! * ' " Give me the irose you have worn all the afternoon." - She loGked at it, then at him. " I think not," she replied; 44 the giving of a flower means.much or little; in the first case I Ehould not give it, .in the second'it would not be worth hawng." - Later on in the evening, Isabel Hyde stood by htr dressing-room fife; she slowly pulled out the leaves of a white rose and watohed them shrivel and burn in the flame; ' ..-; CHAPTEB XXVII. "LADY DENKAM'S MASQtTEEADE." In fashionable life -one gayety succeeds another so quickly that there is hardly time for any entertainment, however splendid, to make much impression; but Lady Dsnham'g masquerade was quite another affair. It was to be held at Danham Hbuee, and was the fete of the season; the memory of it Was to live in the ipind of man. Denham House was well suited for an entertainment of this kind; the suite of rooms.that opened into the ball-room was magnificent; the baU-room itself opened into a large and lofty conservatory, that led again into an exquisite little fernery, a rare thing to find even in a Hyde Park mansion; at the end of this fernery were two huge glass doors that opened on to the lawn; they were all on a perfectly straight line, so that it was pleasant to stand in the ball-room and watch" the crescent moon rise in the sky. Most people A Question of Proprietorship. WentwoKth. 44 Tom this is—a—ah—geniieman who claims to be the original possessor of this skeleton." t 44 Ah—dispute as to ownership, eh ?" 4 That tendency," answered Wentworth. 44 He is. in fact, a—well, a ghosts 1 "Awhat?" \- ' 4 The gentleman has been dead for,, some time," put in Smilie, the task of explaining having ^seemingly got beyond Weufcworth. 45 And while alive this was his skeleton." 44 Oh, come how, Smilie, what are yon giving us," 14 Fact," said Smilie, 41 just tossed this ruler through him. Try it." Fulmer hesitated. 44 It "will perhaps convince you quicker than anything else, and don't inconvenience.me in the least," said the apparition. -Falmer tossed the ruler, with the same result asbeforer He waa very short-sighted and he adj-isted his eyeglasses and peered acrosa the table at the ghost, who stood impassively as he had done from the first. * 4 1 1 say, Wentworth, just strike a light will you." Wentworth lit the large lamp that stood on top of the bureau. The ghost appeared an ordinary-looking man, dressed as any man might ba. _ Falmer, with cprrugated brow, gazed at him while; Smilie 'r-ansi Wentworth felt a sort of momentary prid^ of ownership, as if their possession of the skeleton gave them 4 kind of proprietorship in the spectre. The amiable skeletonj which now shone white in the bright light, seemed to beam in a benevolent way on its former owner. 44 Sit down," said Fulmer, 44 1 hate to talk to a—person—standing." The spectre sat down. 4 Now, what use is this skeleton to you? " began the young lawyer, iiis professional instinct getting the better of his amazement. 44 That, if you will pardon me, is no one's business but my own. I may say I want it placed where I will know where to find it—or I may say that I don't choose to have it remain here, the subject of scoffing and contumely. 44 Oh, you're wrong there," said Wentworth. 41 We both have the greatest respect for John W. He is a guide, philosopher, and friend— as well as instructor." 44 Just let rue handle this case," said Falmer with a backward wave of his hand. 44 Now, what shall I call you ? " 4 "What you please," „ "Well, fre will say the plaintiff. Now, plaintiff, in the first place you would have to prove to the satisfaction of a jury that this is your skeleton. We deny hat it is yours." | \- 44 Of course we do,", put in bnulie. bought the bodyjand John wired it." ' 44 1 don't mean that. The defence the ground that this particular skeleton is not the bones of the plaintiff. but the bones of John W. Stodgers/deceased. Now It would rest with yoa to prcive that this was your skeleton, anid as people dreabtin'ihe habit of having a private mark on •their skeletons, I flatter myself we would have yoa right at the beginning of the case.": V You are a very young lawyer," replied the ghost with a sort of a post mortem sneer. 44 If you examine the teeth of that skeleton you will find the one on the left lower side next the back filled with silver, and, if necessary, I can tell your intelligent jury the sort of cap that is under the silver to cover the nerve that once was there." ••• All the youDg men looked at J. W., who, as if en joying the point made by its other Belf, suddenly clicked down Its jaw and beamed on Fulmer with its silent laugh.: Wtntworfh took up the lamp andlooked at the lower jaw. -' -« "Yes, Fulmer," he said," thats so." 44 Well, we'll waive that point—we'itowaive' that point," said the young lawyer, wifh illaffected airiness. " I think you might as well," said the ghost dryly/ . \ " But the real nub Of the ease would be in, this : Can a man once dead lay claim to any part of the property he owned while alive? I don't recollect any parallel case to yours exactly, but I have--some ,knowledge of the. statutes of Michigan," this modestly, and I think all the tendencies of law would be against you. When a man 1b dead there is no question but that his next of kin have the right to cremate; to embalm or to bury hia body. They might sell it, I imagine, although that is rarely done in first-olass society. Now the^point I would make before a ju^ would b e — • . 4 4 1 have no wish to diseusB law with you. I have demanded the skeletoniisd I propose to have it whether you are willing or not." . 44 Just write that down, boys," said Fulmer. 44 He hintB at burglary." - ; i 14 See here," said Weptwortb, "?og are not the man we dissected. I 'believe you're a fraud." . 44 Do you ?" returned the ghost. 44 I'll eonvince you in order to; save mySelf further trouble. I can take «ny one's form. For instance, that of a rising lawyer.'* And with, that the figtir^ before them was an. exact counterpart of young F&lmer.; The neixt instant the ghost was himself agaia. 4 4 By jove,"said Smilie, - 44 Whatasplendid lightning phange^artist^he wouldmabe." 44 Say," said Ffflmer, 14 what wouldyou take for a night at the big hall? , Yon eould personate the head of the Univi^flity aad eing, ^ VI* want to be an Angd' with splendid ' effect."./,. "J -. . • • '•/:;' ^-.r- ; "I am in no mood for chaff,"-said the specter, severely. 44 Finally, ^will you give up my skeleton?" ' v -- : • ! V 4 ' Let him have his old bones,"said SmiKq. \- 44 1 certainly will «ot," oriedi W^itworlh. " Why, §ttilie, liftd^o ^dUlSOholesl^ltQfk skeleton. No, sir! J. W. Stodgers remaws -here."/-. ' . - w : • v - . " " Remains is good," said Ftilmer. . f. 44 Well, Mr. Wentworth, wheflyou ^get ti^d of the fight just give "that skeleton s derail b iriaL" With thatr the ghost -wis gone.! j ; . 44 Solong," cried Smiiie. going to do, Wentworth'? . If 8 yon ;snd tfixe 44 Db1».. Why, keep Ji W., of | Neat day. there was an astou&dl;^ ph^e.. against Wentworth'. A passenger ^oaii^^ from .Detroit hy the early train rhadh^ii ta^ on the road from the stafion by-i exactly answering) Wontwotth's 'desecifit who demattdi^l money at ^thepoint of-ft fo and the passenger would have tmdbqbti been robbed if two others coming idbng3sad not .frightened the ctiprit,, -iKbo ss^pdd. Nothing but Smilie's solemn oath that Wentworth waer asleep at the time—Itw&sSaturday; morning, saved Wehtworth. On Sunday ^U Ann Arbof^was so&ndalised; as it oune.£rdm church byseeingWentworthstaggeringii^ag: the street^ a sttte^f'I^Mti^- InjMbNM^e.'-. The "professors hauled him over the eoals, ; i&d; it was in vain that he protested he had the^ay worthily, trying to catoh fish up the' river.., • : - :';" - • . • He went home mad and, as Jt W. him as lie earns in, boa seized the niler and emashed in the trap door jaw. The rnl4r did not pass through- the bony p&tof; J. W;, a$ it did through its spectral counterpart;; - Next day Wentworth was too ill to att^id class. SmOie left Mm and wended his way to college. He had just taken his seat while the Professor was jotting down names ^repafratory to a 44 quiz" when an unearthly =yeu at- ' traoted all eyes to the top tier of s&BtB; ^at descended tine by. one down to -the operating ,table. There stood Wentworth non llie back of the highest §eatv 44 One, two, /three,. look out lor fne," he shouted, and with that he ran swiftly down the backs of seats, jumping over the Bta? dents 1 heads, hopping lightly on the" subjept" that lay covered up on the revolving phibk, then sprang among the lady students, who; scattered screaming, and thence tip to the top of the opposite tier. " Now for H jump across-the arena. Never attempted by anyone outside of this circds." 44 Catdh him," shonted somebody. " He's Insane." At that Wentworth made for tbe narrow stairway, Smilie and another after liim- ;He beat them easily across the campus and entered the door of his boarding place. ' When the two students burst into the room they found Wentworth sitting doefully looking, at the damaged front of Stodgers, -and he swore he had not been out that morn&g; Next day he got notice of diemissal from the University. • •As he £>at by his window stubbornly refusing to be conquered by a ghOBt. and iyet aware that perhaps some p6©pla would »ot \- believe the whole story if he told it, he tew his double on the opposite s^de of the street.: . 44 By George!" he cried, Til have it out with him. If -they see us both there they'll believe my story. He seized the rnlet Mid started out. Th? ghost looked behind him, and then it too had . a ruler in its hand. Nearing the postbffioe the ghost came suddenly up to a group of men, hit out right and left with/the club, struck a policeman across the lace, and jfled towards Wentwortn. The crowd pursued. As it came to Wentworth it vanished into thin air, and, the next instant Wentworthwas in the hands of the outraged constable. : From tbe lockup the dejected young man 'wrote to Simlie: , - '. 7 For my sake, buy a cemetry lot and bury John^W. Stodgers, charging the cost to me. Yours. * : WENTWORTH. That ended the fight. Wentworth, I regrel to say, iforsot the first student whe came to grief by letting spirits get the better of him. 