FALLEN FORTUNES. By JAMES PAYN, Author of ' Lost Sir Missingberd,' ' Walter's Word,' etc. CHAPTER VII. — MAKING THE BEST OF IT. (Continued. I Unhappily, there are some people that can not be nice, however certain may be the re ciprocity, aiid Mr. John Dalton had just been exDeriencing that fact durine his canvass of the electors ot Hampton. ' Well, Dalton, may we congratulate you as a British senator or not ?' was Mr. Campdtn'a inquiry as he shook hands with his guest. ' You may congratulate me, my dear fellow, as having escaped being the representative of the most rascally constituency in England. It was a very narrow shave, however,' added the speaker briskly ; ' another half-dozen votes would have done it.' Mr. Campden whistled mournfully, and the rest began to express their condolences after their several fashions, when Mrs. Dalton broke promptly in with : ' John, dear, there is scarcely time, even as it is, for you to dress for dinner.' ' I know that, my darling, and therefore I am not going to do it,' whispered he. ' Bui Mrs. Campden is so particular.' ' I know that too ; but I'm not going to dress. — Pray, do not wait for me one minute, ladies and gentlemen,'' added he aloud, and then left the room, not sorry, perhaps, notwith standing all his presence of mind, that he had got over the declaration of bis failure. ' My husband hopes you will excuse a morn ing- costume to-night, Julia,' said Mrs. Dalton ; ' nothing distresses him so much as coming in late for dinner, or keeping anybody waiting.' ' Oh, certainly,' returned Mrs. Campden with a stately inclination of her head ; she was pretty well aware how the case stood, and felt satisfied to get an apology out of Mr. Dai ton even by proxy. He was indolent, as regarded all physical exertion, and despised the small conventionalities on which his hostess set such store. She knew, or thought she knew, that all the members of *' country families' dressed for dinner every night, and was therefore re solved that her own folks should do so. So poor Uncle George — who during his early life had nevei worn ' black things,' as he called them, except on the rarest occasions — had every dav to divest himself of his light summer clothes and don the broadcloth. Mr. Holt was always attired with the most scrupulous regard to the fitness of things ; and ! Dalton, as her guest, ought to have been amen able to her wishes in this respect ; but it was really very difficult, she complained, ' to get him to conform to the most ordinary usages of society.' She did not dare to be imperative with him, for he was one of the few people of whom she stood in dread ; and when she bad once attempted to — what she was pleased to call — reason with him, he had overset her with epigram, which, if she had understood, she. would have termed ' very conceited.' ' Madam, nobody minds what is one's suit so long as one is a trump.' Upon the whole, Mrs. Campden had her reasons for not liking Mr. Dalton, but she liked to have him at Riverside, from the popularity which his pre sence conferred upon it. She had more in vitations from the county families — who, she had her suspicions, looked down upon her husband, for being a nouveau riche — when the Daltons were with them, and a better chance of getting a morning call from Lady Blanche Ealing ; nor was it without some gratification that she found John Dalton taking her into dinner, though his conversation flew over her head, and did not interest her half so much as the proceedings of the servants or the state of the entries. On the present occasion, he was full of the topic of the election — not that he liked it, but lest he should be supposed to shrink from it as a sore subject — and very amusing in his description of his rival (and conqueror), one Mr. Griggs. This gentleman, who was no great orator, had accused him of ' labouring under the advantage' of being a skilled debater, which was certainly a most un just imputation, as Dalton had but once opened l.'.-i lips in court in his life, and then only to move for a rule. Griggs had also described Mr. Disraeli as being ' the greatest living statesman of this or any other age.' And Griggs had also told a story on the platform so discursive that it had touched upon almost everything, yet had some how not arrived at the point. During the pro gress of it, a voice — a somewhat thick and drunken voice, but still one with an evidently Liberal tone— had interrupted this narrative by a conversation with an imaginary friend, one ' Samuel.' suDDOsed to be at the ether ead of tne town-nail, wmen was crammed witn unggs supporters. As the story went on and on, the voice grew more and more dolorous, and at last inquiried : 'Samuel, do you like this story?' — a question answered by such a peal of laughter, even from his best friends, as to des troy Griggs' eloquence for the remainder of that evening. It was by no means John Dalton's habit to monopolise the conversation, and it was only by public request that he now communicated these particulars ; but he had never seemed in higher spirits. Only two persons at table were aware that he was acting a part, nor could one of these have detected it, but for certain exclusive infor mation that he possessed. Mrs. Dalton, on the other hand, knew that her husband was ' not himself,' although ignorant of the precise nature of what troubled him. Behind those sprightly tones, that joyous laugh, she detected that Black Care was sitting. The subtle instinct of much love had discovered it to her, else there was nothing to indicate it, except perhaps an un wonted grimness in her husband's humour. For example, Mr. Campden had inquired of him, since he had been last in London, whether town was empty. ' No, sir ; there are still several toiling mil lions there, of our own flesh and blood.' The tone of the Platform, the air of the would-be Representative, were admirably as sumed : it was evident that the speaker was stili contending with Griggs for the suffrages of the Barupton freemen. '? The club, however, had nobody in it, I suppose,' continued the laughing host, ' except Disnay ?' ' Disnay is out of town.' ' Oh ! that is impossible, Dalton ; he told me himself that he had not left London for a quarter of a century, and then only to visit Brighton. Oh ! Disnay can1/ be out of town.' ' He is, however, I do assure you — since there are no intramural interments — for he is dead !' ' Oh ! Mr. Dalton, how shocking !' ejaculated Mrs. Campden. ' Yes, indeed, madam ; but the gentleman could not help it. If yon had know him as well as your husband and I did, you would feel sure of that. He had no desire for change — except in one respect : even when he dined alone on a mutton chop, he would always dress for dinner.' 'And very right, too, I think, Mr. Dalton.' ' No doubt, madam ; and I hope he is at this moment reaping the reward of such un deviating propriety.' ' Well, I am sorry poor old Disnay is gone,' sighed Mr. Campden. 'We might better have spared a better man.' 'I can't understand how that can be, George,' observed the hostess severely. ' When did the poor old fellow go off the hooks ?' asked Mr. Campden, to aflected to notice a reproof which, under other circum stances, would have reduced him to silence. ' Well, his ghost was seen at half-past seven last Thursday.' ' His ghost !' echoed several voices. ' Yes ; it was' seen coming into the club at what had been his usual dinner-hour.' 'Oh, what nonsense!' cried Mrs. Camp den. ' How did they know it was his ghost ?' ' Well, they knew it was not himself, be cause he was in morning costume. Everybody said that Disnay must he dead, and what every body says must be true.' I don't think Mrs. Campden ' liked that story,' any more than friend ' Samuel' liked the narrative of Mr. Griggs ; but to the rest of the company it seemed droll enough. When the ladies had withdrawn, John Dalton was even still more amusing ; but it is my opinion that the talk of us men 'after ?linner,' should be as sacred as the conversa tion in the drawing-room, that takes place during the same period among the fair sex, and which has never been releaved to mortal man. The talk was mainly between ]bhn and his host, for Mr. Holt said little. He was turning over in his mind what he should say presently in the smoking-room, or rather how he should say it, when he and Dalton should be left alone together. 