A Christmas Ghost. 'Do' you really care for me one atom?' . askeo, bitterly, locking clown into the calm face before me. The long, dark lashes lifted themselves with languid grace, and the beautiful. eyes` looked.up into. mine.' . :.' At tuies, periodically, spasmodically,' ' The spaspm is not upon you at present, and the sarcasm of my ,tone bid its' feel It: rarely is wheun you make 'yourself disagreeable, which is the case' uow., '. Ad ' rAdis' there to ::be no end 'to. my patience ?' 'I have` as yet..failed' io become very -familiai with the beginning ; you display it in sich'microscopic proportion." I moved .towards .?the door; I could bear no more just then. . SGood-bye; it may be sometime before we mett.' 'A startled expressioni flitted over her face forjust one moment, and was goenJ A; t~evoir , 'sie said,' with a' careless. wave of her fan. " 'W hen your bad temrn per is over,' and a thing of the .past, 1 suppose 1 shall have the extreme ielicity of seeing you again. Suppose you spend Christmas Eve with me?' It'was the end of' Aug ut, and I :was in the hiaoit of seeing her daily. ' Dead or alive I will be with yo 1 '-I answered, and left the room. Why' should she, my darling-for she :was my ,darling in the spite of all-tor ment me so? What demon was it that poeisessed her ? Or why shauld I, with my hot, jealous disposition, care so maij ly;for a'woman who was:not conteut-ito relinquish all..the' world for my .sake ? She repulsed my caresses when the mood' was on her, broke engagernents with'me. flirted with other; men, ifnd yet hiid promnised 'to marry me. I loved add' ,haitedhier, ae it were; iii the same moment.: I idublildbre'ak loose f'om her, leave -lici for.a time, and see if..absence would not work better for' inue than? I could for my self. or if, perchance, it would cure me of my infatation. ,' Without allowing myself to reflect,'1 engaged passage for abroad; and inade hasty preparations to be gone some months;I would not see her again; I would. not tell her I was going. I set my tettih at the veryt thoght of 'what' it wyouldr, cost:'me, and, it required all, the strength of which I was master .to. carry out the determination, but I did it. I. placed:my business affairs in the hands of a friend, mid one thing oiily remained -to have ay 'will drawn up., " 4 give and bequeath to /Elizabeth Barnwell, my affianced wife" (ah, Bessie I 'Bessie !) "all my property, jeal and personal," &c.;, with thbo enumeration thereof: following. Perhaps, thought .I, a, little' bitterly,. if, she' - werte"to ?gosp everf ito pgqsession 'of =wlat had ocube been 'mine, she might have one 'tender thought to .give to' him whoseoonly.thQouglht htd .beeirfor her, "'4ie iweck of the Scotia is at old story now, but a story written in tears and lameutations 'to' thlloe dear 'ounes were never heard of again-of frightened :memories to the few survivors.' We were passing in 'mid-oceanuin 'a 'gale of wind and rain such as I have never seen or dreamed of on, land,- when the vessel sprang;ia leak., ' . Man the lifeboats 1' was'the oaptaiu's order, ringing out oven in ,the' midst of the noises of the elements, - It was a gallant crew, Swiftly, with wonderful method and discipline, his command was obeyed. But one .was found unseaworthy, and :the crowd 'of terrified' pasPengers more than filled the others. O-Oe's ohance for life would he slim indeed I Was it in.the body or in the spirit I. should spend Christmas Eve I had promised with my cruel dar ling ? .I helped a few frightened women into a boat, then turned to think of self-pre servation. I found a life-preserver, fas tened it on, and lashed myself to a loose spa., whiph I thougl~t wquld float. ''there came ac blow pu my, head-I knew ngt f'o'm .wheuce-a sensation of pain and n?cnbuess, and the world of the sea aud sky was blotted out. I knewy .o mnore, Moments of Piartial cosciodsness, followed by lapses into my formerc state, are' the dim recollectious (that haunt me) of this'period. Nor have I ever been sure of the time that passed ere 1 in good measure recqvered, I .opeu my eyes on a strange 'scene. I wvas lyinig on a buudlo of'straw+ covered .with c slheepskiu;iiiud above my h?ead 'were thie nor of the room, on a broad, fllat stone, smouldered the ashes of a fire. I was alone, but in.,a few. momenti afair-haired: bliueeyed girl, iL. an tnfamiliar custume, Sentored. Bhe uttered ?an "exclamaa'tiotf when she enco?L?tered py look, qud hastily .ran to: the.door-and, called, in a .mominent a woman and a man entered, and stood around me, and talking volubly in ahi unknpwn tonq'ie. Presently. a woman brought me some coffee in a woodceu howel. The salty taste was dis agreeable, but tle. steaming beverage seemed to revive me, and I drank it tyitli avidity. In their humble way, no ,one could be kinder than these poor people on whose hospitality I had, been thus cast.! Weak as I was, from long expo sure! and illness,:it tok .some~.tb i.re *tbr I me to realise where I was, nor, Lf couse have I e yer, learced the full details of P those past. weeks oand layse._ Sa ?lice it to say that I had at last been r pickeid up by a Norwvegian fishing boat, t and my name andiunationality unknown, I (I ch'aucd ito hav5'n' papers 'with me, Sycoe gonld and iofthe crew., llsey nadi them), they had carried rie wi:l} threm, r and, to tlihe best of their ability, nursed 4e back'to life. Sewed in the liniaj of iuy vest, -I' had'a considerable nuinher of ban!k-notes;- ivhicli;?'licredihle as R:in'my seem and watier soalked though tlhey a},l, been, were yet available. All that was on may person, were honestly Irreturued to me, though in small measure, to repay the kindness ofiky hosts er&Z; T parted. from them. Returning memory and strength brought-- btek to, me .all the past in 'which .tUessie Was concerned,:aud I was seized with a wild desire to 'see her once more aind fulfil my promise of spend ing Christmas hEve: :with- her. ` Already the wiuter was. upon me, and little short of a miracle coutld ehable. me'ito accom plish 'it.. ;But. fortune ':favoured. , . I lauded the day beforeObChristmas.: :The gay crowds were throngiug ..the streets.: The Christmas bells soundiug in the air, as, sadly changed in appeareuce, aiund l-. moat oveircome ith ia whirl of. feeling I stood that Christmas Eve upon the familiar-steps, and the door yielded:to the key which all ;these months had lain in my .pocket: . , ,1I drew slightly asioe the portiere which hung before-the parlour door, and,J my self:unseen, gazed into the room. , ':But; my.dear you:ng..lady, this is surely .very unwise, to. say .the least,' (it 'was: the' voice of the lawyer,- in 'whose hlands' I, had' left my will), ' to refuse a nieo'little -property like that forfsa chinm era I All "lovers have, their quarrels, no doubt, but ' ,I will" not touch a penny of :it,' low bhut steadily sounded my dairlitig's voice I4 could riot see her. SHe promised to spend this Christmas Eve with me, slie added, dreamily, with something'like a sob. ...The lawyes -took- a turn up and. dlown theiroom ere he replied :-' Far be it from me to deprive you of hope, but ilioutlis have elapsed since the loss of the ?S?ei'snl t Gifiii ic'i hsailed; no word has come fronti hi?m; Iris iio credible that he"hlas survivd.: The propertyl "lies at: your:command; and:it wis his par ticular request that, if he did not return (we -mustalil provide in such. casesi for our possible demise), the papers shliould on this special- evening be placed int your hands.' A movement, and Bessie stood in the centre of the room before rue, iale and ad, bhut more: beautiful than. ever How imy thirsty soul drank in her love ': -He said that, living or dead he would' be with me to-night. If he is idead I' drove him to it, and I will go. to I mould wait ino longer ; forgetful of consequences, I sprang in the room. With a wild cry, she threw up her, arms and fell into mine, extended to 'eceive, her. We had kept our tryvs.r -Fank Leslie's Pajer. 