NORTHERN' riiU I WVR KLFOPiON. aca \v. L', snti'soN'i canihd.vl'l'Rl;. | Last evening Mr W. P. Simpson, oue tho can didates forthe vacuit seat in the Northern Pr'»vim.»\ addro^od a meeting of between. ti*o and six huudrod pordona in St James' Kail. There V.,s a }argu number of sentlomon ou the platform, including Messrs J. II. Abbott, U. 0'K«efe,T l>. Taylor, \V. Bruvvn, F. UiU, l)r Uiijrh ISoyd, John Ivobsbaw, Jame* Thompson, J. K. Warron, J. H. (?ondgo, 'L\ Brown, l)r llmchcliff, W. B.uco, J. T Hill, K. Uunds, K Tait, J. U. KdwartU, G. Yoiunr, K. Skinner, P. Hayes, H. M>*ynard, G. Owen, G Jtkckdon, O. Wood, K. W. K rby, J. L>. Young, Pitt, T. Arnfield, J. Jaekman, l»aol, and Neesou. Tlio Mayor introduced tho e.ndidato. Ho said that ho had ii > oceasiou to explain Mr Simpson's positi <n, for thoy ul; know tlmt he had boon idon tiliod with Ktmuigo over since it was Bondigo, aud thoy u.iuid all jud^o as to his fitness. Mr Simpson was grootod with loud applause. Ho thauked them all for thoir attendance, which he took as all earnest of tlu interest which was !ak:n in tho contest. Bofo-u hn proc.'tvod further with his speech ho would like to in >ko n personal ox plan ition with regard to hlsappearauco in the ti"ld. Ac unpleasant rumor had been ficely circulated— 30 free.y 111 f.ic!. that it had roachud C10 banks of tho Murray—to tho ell>ct that ho had tiested Mr Prase r unfairly. Ho would «xplain how tilt re port arose, and would givo a thorough and em phatic contr.>diotiou to tho assertion that he had ac.ed unfairly in tho matter. (Applamo ) Last week I10 had met Mr I'Yaso , who, by tho way, wan an old ncquaintancu of his, aud a gentleman f >1 wh 011 ho entertained- a great respect, at tho luncheon ta'.lo out at tho cattlo yards, til tho course of conversation ho said to Mr Fraaor: "Wall, Fraser, I presume you aro hero as a c.mdid .tu. for tha Upper Houso. Well, you shall my vote; but as 1 have'alot of business to look after, I c.inuot promis • o do any mora. I shall, however, speak to my partn r, Mr Culvert, and ask him if lio will j"iti ymr commit tor." At thattime ho had uot tlio ghost of an idol tint ho himself would bo a ked to become n candi date Subsequently when ho saw Mr Calvert he askeJ him if h > would j >iu Mr Fraser's committoo. Mr C .lvert replied: " Certainly not; I am not Koiii£ to joiu Mr Fraser's committee because I am guiuif ou yours." (A; p'ause ) This naturally proved a great surprise to him, for it was the first he heard uf any intention to invito hi'ii to come forward. Subsequently ho was pressed by friends to c >me forward, and consented. This did uot nff.-ct what ho had stated to Mr Frasor Ho ha 1 simply prom sed Mr Feasor that ho would Rive him his vote, and wou'd certainly Rivo it t • him. (lioud applnuso) He hud no wish to break his promise, and would kcop his word to Mr Fr.iser. Wheu au honorable man gave his pledge he should always keep tu it, no matter what circumstances arose afterwards to make it U".pleasant for him to do s >—(applause) -and ha had. uo intention t > shirk the duty which ho hail imposed upon him-elf to flive Mr Feasor his vote. With this exp'anation, le thought they would be perfectly satisfied that he had done uothing dishonorable. (Applause.) U S CANDIDATE!!!:. Ha would now mtor upon ha views which.,ho hold oa various questions of tho diy, and to end :avor to carry out which ho luvd become a oau didnto. Ho was uot prepared with a vory lung speech. It wan truo that he had been uiud for the last thirty years to public speaking, but his audiences were of a limited character, and the range of subjects very restricte 1. Cousoquontly ho was ill a uew character that evening, in stand ing before such a lur-'e audiauce to address them «pou various leading topic*. His opponents wore unking tho p ica vory hut, and kept him rushing round iho country, consequently he had no tim>> to prepare a sot speech, but ha would dj.il as fu'ly as possible with the leading questions, such as mining, irrigation, and decentralization. There were no great politic.il matters before tliem, and the election would turn upon matters of social ar rangement to a great exteut. minim:. All prosout were mora or lass interested in minim.', ami it was no doubt thu groat industry of the colony, for if mining sulforod thuy all sulfa red. Ho oousi fared the prospecting vote of £30 000 was altogether ia'daqnuto. Of this vote, €20,(KX) was atisorbod in diamond drills. Ha would bo strongly in favor if doubling tlio vote, laaviuit £20,000 for diamond drills, and £40,000 for other methods of proipoctinK, which should ba of soma thorough system. (Applause). Whan ha left hoftu in ISIS no remainbored the axiiteuca of a alass of sworn brokeis, who could only buy aid sell on commission. Ha wai perfectly woli aware tliat there ware a number of highly raspixtabla brokers on tlio Exchanges <ii Sandhurst, Melbourne and Ballarat, but ha th light that if tbare ware swum brokers it- would greatly add to tha coufidenca of outside speculators and investors —( »pp!ausa) —aud would also attract to milling a considerable amount of floating capital. The first jentleiuan who enrolled themselves as swora orokars would no doubt gain a largu busi-. ness. (Applause). If he ware elected ha would ba careful to see that mining leaser were properly worked, and that thai a was uo " sbephardinf. ' (Applausa). IRRIGATION. The time had en mo when if wo did not li.iva a proper system of irrigation, the farmers between haru and the Murray would become as extiuc: aa the dodo, and the whole of the northern plains would resort into sheopwalbs. (App'ause.) With out every possible assistance in th s direction, it would be impossible for the settlers to struggle on iniH'ii longer O.'i these northern plain*. It was true that, thay had this ye.tr Rot 4s per bushel for their wh :at, but that was due to the failure of the crops in South Australia and New South. Wales. It was clear that it would soon be impossible to grow wheat, profitab y, for owing to the advantages which Ameiici and Kiuiiu pres sed there, would be no in irket for export. Ic was necessary, therefore, that attention should ba devoted to the growth of other products, aud for these irrigation was absolutely necessary. They could soon, if irrigttiou were applied, build up a iar^a export trade in butter, choose, bacou, dried and undried fruit.*, and many simiWr articles. (Applause.) PROTECTION'. At present nearly everything which the fanner u.«od and wore was taxed. Now ho was a staunch prot c:ionist. Ha ha J come out to tills colony as a freetrader, and if he were to go home again he would be a f; eetrader again. This \v:vs btiC-iu^o the circumstances of the two countries were diflurent. He cu:i idured that in a young country like this protection w.s neccessary in order to give t'10 industries a fair start. (Applau e.) He would, therefore, have it we 1 understood that be was a strong protcc'ionist. But he wonld support a gradual reduction of taxation on macbiuery and implements Ha would also support a r. duc im of the grain, freight ("Xu ") Well that, waihis opinion, and he ineaat to stick to it. (Applause.) DKcajrrEALi s atiost This was the groat question of the day in the up-country districts. They were1 a!l proud of marvellous Melbourne, as Sala had called it. For is was marvellous that such a great city should be built up in su ha abort time by such a handiul of men. But the growth of Melbourne should not be encouraged at the expense of the country districts. They had iplendid buildings, libraries, gardens, and even I P.ir'i mentary lawn tennis court, and it was time they should now allow the country di trict< to have an innings. (Applause). For the e reasons be ra quite at one with the programme of the Beceutralisa'ion League. BKVSUTISG TO IRRIGATION ha would mention one very strong belief of his, which he had accidentally omitted, and that w»i that thay should have one complete national scheme of water conservation and irrigation. It was no use of having a lot of little trusts, and a lot of different unconnected schemes. The great mtional head works, such as locking the Murray, Campaspe, and Gbulburn, should tn undertaken by the Government, and then the distribution could be fairly left ic the hands of the different trusts. (Applause). He. was aware that the Melbourne press was very strongly against this proposal, but that would not prevent justice beinf* done to the country. E5TE55IQS 0« LOCAL GQVEBUJfSSJ. Htf would ba in favor of greater facilities being ijiven to repliants of amntry centres for the transaction of official business with >at having al tars tii rtin to Melbourne. For instanco a pro thonotary's office, and al-o a branch of the office of the Kegist'ar of Titles was badly required. Tliev should also hate a resident judge, the same is when they had Judges Skinner, Dunne, and Hacoboy. (App'.au-e] f. deration*. _ " . _ .. In connection with the q .estion of federation, which was a matter that materially aff cted the whole of the Australasian coI»me>, he might in form thttm that he was a staunch and thoroiiRh supporter. (Cheers.) In his opinion there would not require to be any alteration in the iiacal policy of the colocie.-* in the event of the federation of .->.11 of the Australasian g oup. It would be a great day in tho history of Australia when the whole scheme i.f federation was a(i accomplished fagt. (AppUuse ) lqs FOUTIi'AL So Njras Jim political princiyioa wera concerned, ho waulti statu that he ww a Liberal a Libi-ral, he might aid, in the truest sen^e c( t:.i; u'nni. (Cheers ) He %'as aoc a Conservative, a.1 ha-l been said of him, for he considered that in this colony a ^inservaiive was a m re fossil. ^either wa* he a Radical— (A voice: "Tint's for P.erry.") He did n t believe a broken he.id.-i and lUmin^ house.", and contended that such uitra piinciple^ wore detrimental to fcho intere-t.s *.f the colony. Me -id not believe iu heroic pi.iticd, uo matter how or '.v hen introduced. (\pp'au<e.) Till UCS^ISO .\CT was* on? of the 122 ••?£ uncork.iM^ measures th.it had ever been introduced by the Victorian rarlia ntect. I: wa# >i.nply a hn^e faro;, as v»\ij .-'[.own by the :\b rtive polls taken at Kynot- n, Mary borough, Koch'j.-'ter, and uthrrr pi:.ce=. The oi<j Act, with very few amendment, would have been all that was required in the colony, (''heer-}. Und«r the old Ac* police- -L*:pervi?ir.-n «.-f xn '•;7-c::vo charicter ww* provided for, and if *he licensee* did n?>t c nduct their houses in a re .-p-ctab!i! maimer th me r>q':i>t:,? ::i kch;-'«;ry to cio.-e ih«.r:i. h.id read the new Act '-hr^iuh carefully, and y *.vad in a pn>it.iotv to siy that it wad inoperative. Aj lir-.zYii'ur^n, th»iy *h nid n--.t the police su-wi'.uncs pruridtid i'or. (C^ter.--). That rni^ht 5r.it iu rLu*~Li and I'nnce, bnt it u-^s uot r-.-qui ei in a c 7 'ike thi.-^ and, -.vh.it tn rrc, tJr* ;.e- r;!e w. aid n<;t :•'lento it Th-rs 'Yrs al* > an"th*=r nie.i^ir! lately hrrudnced by the LecL??r.t::'re ■)i :h* c ^;nyf \vhi- h *.vad on a par" -vitu the Licctidus? Act, riiii that ••vr' the :"AC»F.;s,-: .;.nd shols .-ex . Th.:t, ha ui'ii.'i'.aisjtj, a £.-r;i* jaterfereqre si,: Ui-trtj u: ih. sa'ej-ct. o-s ) Thara'.tcu =a n in that '.vuulii ;{i. further to prawct wnmon an J ciiiidren Lb wciuid ; but ia a colony audi aa tills, where uhor '.vij on an equal footing with capiid, %vljere, in fact labor i:i certiin ca£e» was in a [uxitiun to coerce capita! there were no grounds fur legiiia tivo iiit^rferesce. _ (Cheera.) Hs was giad to see thai »bay jq cordially etid-wi hia opiuksj ia connection with this which was a - u tile statute bwk >-f Vioi..ii:v, (Applause.) caf.cu^Dx hi condition, ho would r*fec to hi* opposition to Mr Simon Fra>cr Ho was sorry that ho was* nailed upon to xtand against that gentleman, and would much rather have opposed ft,*y other guutle tuvn. Ho h;id been mummed with tho necessity for a local man to stand for tho province rather than accept tho services of rno who resided in Molboumo. (Cheers.) He ihei-vfoie responded to the inHnontially signed requisition which had been piosantcd to him, ami ho was before thorn, as a caudidato f »r their suffrage* If elected ho would s",tivo to attund to the duties whch devolved upon tho ollico« He intended to reside in Sandhurst. ami \vquld. bo found at hia post whenever they wished to interview hint on mat ters connected with tho electorate. tie i&aukvu; tlioui cordially fur their patience and cordial iq. cation, mid said that had it not boon fur tho huriy scurryduotdental to tho c>ntesc bo would have been bettor prepared to give thorn a tullor oxpoitiou on tho political queatious of tho day. (IVolontfeil cheers) QUESTIONS tn rep'y to questions th > cmdidato said— Ho was in favo; of opo.nnpr public libraries ind museums on Sunday aftcrno ms for a limited period, day from about 1 till 5 or G o'clock. With reference to " direct taxation/' lie hardly know whaS tin questioner moant. Ho >va* in favor of a property tax, and ho would give his reason?. S\ippo*tug that two brothers, with an equ d amount of cash, wished to invest. One, A," purchased c ty moporty, say in Melbourne, and the other M i> ' invested his' capital in a largo area for Pgriculturnl and pastoral pursirts. Well, 4,A" escaped taxation, wh roas M B" had to contribute largely to the consolidated revenue. Ho would certai lly advocate a property tax, so that tho burthen woul.i fall equally on all classes of owners of property. was in favor of secular education i.i State schools, which wa» m;w the law of tho land. As a member of tho Upper House, ho would not liavo anything to do with, the running of Sunday trains. That xvas a matter which w'ud in tiiu haudi of tlio commissioners, and if thuy found that it would pay tlioy would niu the trains on Sunday with mt refereuce to Parlia ment. Hiii belief was that it would be a Inn^timu before Sunday trains would pay iu tlio up country districls, and there was, consequently, vary little ciunco of the p iuciple bain? in.roduceu. Ho would advocate tlio introduction of more diamond drills into tlio district iu order that the auriferous areas mi^ht bo thoroughly developed. , Every farthing he had was interested iu Sandhurst, »nd what benefited thf-ni would i euefit hiui. If they thrived he wou d thrive, and if they worn ruined, he would bo mined, also. Ho wm in f-vor .f introducing a bill proviili .g thai broker", lejjal m luagers and auditors should bo loyally registered, in order to ensure this faith ful pe forma ce of their respective duties. Iu re latiou to Sunday trading, he would caudidly toll them thnt ho would oppose any step in that direc tion. At one time lie thought it would bo de sirable; but after interviewing tho leading- pub licans of Sail ihurst and other districts, he found that they desired to h ue their Sunday to thorn selves iu common with other portious of the com munity. Dr Haph Boyd said tie felt grout ploisure in moving that Mr W. P. Simpson was a fit and proper parson to roprJiaut the electors of the Northern Province in tho Legislative C-.unci . In support of tho resolution ha said 'hat, with the ex ception of about two years, Mr Simpson had been a resident of tho distrlc. for s um iS yours. Ho was thoroughly wall known 'throughout tha elec torate, and as a resident of Sandhurst all ha pos sessed wa* invested iu the district. In hi-I (Dr 13oyd'») opinion, Mr Simp-on was just the man they required for a representative. II) knew the roquircmen a of the district, and would bs ahletu work closely in conjunction with their other ropresoutativo, Mr Sterry. Uutil a few years back they had not been represented pro perly. Their meinbjrs h id been cun'picuous by their absence during nerly tile whole tenure of their oliico; and it was only ju>t let re an oleu'ion that they were favored with their presence. Such a state of a If lirs should not be permitted -to exist It was Uie duty of tho electors to return a loca mm win knew their wants, and who would be always nt h-nd to attend t> their requirements. They should not return a human automaton, but ale:t as their representative u real live man; and iu Mr Simpson they would secura that desideratum fCJIiiWK.I Mr \V- Brown, in seconding the motion, said that he had nothing to say agvi.:st Mr f rasor from a personal point of view. The obj-ction ho had was thit Mr Fr.isor lived i i Melbourne; and what thny u-.mtad wis a gentleman who resided in tho district, nnd who' w iu'.d bo always at hand, Ho might mil them that had not Mr Simpson C"me forward, ho (Mr Brown) would have b»eu on tho platform an a candidate for their suffrages. (Cheers and laugh'er ) The three piincip.il planks in Mr Simpsou's platform, were irrigation, decen tralisation and federation, ail of which were of very great importance to tho colony at large. Ho hoped that they would stand shoulder to thoulde-, and return the local candidate, whose interests wore identical with theirs. Mr J. H. Abb tt, in supporting tho resolution, endorsed, the remarks that had falleu from the mjver and seconder, all i concluded that, from a decentralisation point of view, the candidature of Mr Simpson should meet with the hearty support of the eltciurs. The resolution was carried unanimously, amid p olonged ohee itig. A vote of thanks .to the chairman, moved by Mr Simpsou, was carried by acclauiati Hi, and the p oceediogs terminated. A meetinir of Mr Simpson's fronds aad-sup porters was hold last evening at the Johnaiiu'd Reef dotal, when there -vera about -5 geutlemen preseut. Mr Kohert Millar was voted to:tho chair; and.Mr Cook, chairman of. the Eaglehawk CJiimiittoo, having explainsd tha object of tho meeting, it was rusolv«d.on tha motiuu of Mr J. If. Uabbage, seconded by Mr Pearson, that 3ll preseut form themielves into a committee to en deavor to sccura tho return of Mr Simpson to the legislative Council for tho Northern Province. Owing to the meeting not be ng advertised in all the local papers it was then decided to adjourn until Monday evening next at half-paat sever} o'clo 'k to :i 1'o\v of a larger attendance. A meeting uf Mr Simpson's general committee was hold a-it evening at tho Viow Point Hotel. There was a very large attendance, and most encouraging reports wire it'ceived from Hunt'y and Golden Square. Arrangements were made for the formation of committees at White Hills and Kangaroo Flat. A meeting of electors was held yesterday after noon at the Victoria Hot l,.Huntly,.£or tha pur pose of forming ,i c •mmittee to secure thrJ election of Mr \V. P. Simps n for the seat vnctnt iu the legislative Council. Mr F. Hill, from Sandhurst, in a. faw brief remark* told the meeting that he oame down with the express purpose of asking them t> form themse'ves into a committee, to assist ia returning ilr Snn^sou. Mr. Watts was elected chairman, anil Mr Willis secretary. All present formed themselves into acummittee with power to add to their numbar. Af .er some formal business, th; meeting adjourned to half-past seven to iD'Trow- evening; - A large meetiup uf tha friends of Mr Simpson was ht-lil at the View Point Hotel immediately after the conclusion of the St James' HbLL.meet ing, wh_n con grit uUory speeches wefo made con sequent upon the f tiorable rspwt received, A lai^e amount of bigness was transacted, and ar. rans^ments ipade lor the appointment of working committees in all uutsida niatiicts, all present pledging theiu elves to work assidioualy on tho candidates behalf 