A NIHILIST GHOST. So much has been said lately re garding the spirit world, and o£ warn ings through supernatural agency, that X may be accused of writing on a very worn- out subject. However, in. spite of this, it may interest many to hear the following strange occurrence which happened in a well-known family some years ago,: and which was related to me by my friend Mr. ——, a recent " new chum," on the strict condition of my suppressing names and dates should I ever wish to repeat it. I will tell you this story as near as possible in this gentleman's own words:— "Two or three months after marriage j I took my young wife down to my place in the-north of Scotland to spend the New Year, it having been a time honored custom in our family to do J so. Though the weather was bitterly | cold, we all managed to enjoy ourselveB, j and my wife, who was the only lady amongst us, was in excellent spirits, I and the life of the party. Late in the evening of New Tear's Day we gen tlemen were amusing ourselves in the billiard-room (it must have been nearly twelve o'clock), when I was surprised to hear Violet's voice calling me from j above, she having retired some time j before. On going up to her room she informed me that she had been much astonished by hearing the tinkle of sledge bells, and that on opening her window she had seen a sledge quickly approaching, drawn by a pair of mag- 1 nificent black horses, and that it had pulled up immediately under her win- j dow. It was a lovely moonlight night, i so she had leant out to see if she could recognise the oecupant of the sledge. As she did so he raised his head and looked her straight in the face, when : shediscovered he was a perfect stranger, j "What Yiolet considered most extra ordinary was, that on meeting her eye, he held up his left hand and shook his head solemnly, then giving rein to his horses, rapidly disappeared down the avenue. My wife was naturally anxious to discover who this mysterious stranger could be, and had called me up to see if I knew. She described him as being quite young, but with snow- white air, piercing black eyes, a hlack moustache, and completely wrapped in sables. I being well . acquainted with all my neighbors far and near, ielt quite certain that he was not one of them, and the only conclusion we could come to was that he was some visitor from town who wished to astonish the natives with such a hitherto unheard-of con . veyance as a sledge. I asked her if she had not been dreaming, when she indignantly replied that she had never felt more wide awake in her life, having at the time been sitting up writing a most important letter, "When I re lated my wife's story in the billiard room, one of my convivial friends suggested that we should all sally forth in a body and search the grounds for the unfortunate beggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be very glad to be given a drink. We all acted on this idea with alacrity, any small excitement being acceptable in a country house. In the meantime the weather had completely changed, and it had commenced to snow heavily, which accounted satisfactorily for our not being able to discover traces of the sledge. We soon got tired of the search, agreeing that the mysterious stranger had discovered he was tres passing, and had made the best of his way home. The next day Yiolet appeared rather annoyed when we chaffed her about her melancholy visitor of the previous night, and seeing that it was not welcome we soon dropped the sub ject, and in fact forgot it. That evening, as we men had just decided upon separating for the night the door of the srao king-room burst open, and to my intense surprise my wife rushed in, her dressing-gown thrown on, her hair all dishevelled, and looked perfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed to know what she was doing, and when I enquired what on earth was the matter, sank into a chair, gasping out, " He has come again!" Seeing thatiShe was really affected I hastened to get her a glass of wine, and begged her to give me full particulars. It appears that she had gone to bed, and had slept soundly until awakened by the sound of approaching sledge bells, then starting up, had thrown on her dressing-gown and rushed to the window, where she discovered the sledge had been brought to a stand still at exactly the same spot as on the previous night. On her appear ance the driver, looking up at her steadfastly, had raised his band, and shaken his head in precisely the same warning manner as before. Not wait ing for more, and filled with a name less terror, the poor little woman had rushed down to me in this excited condition. We all felt most indignant at what we began to think was a very impertinent practical joke, and con signing my wife to the care of her maid, rushed out with the intention of finding and making it hot for the perpetrator. We ran out eagerly; the night was clear and frosty, the ground was covered with snow, al though none had fallen since the morning, and I confess that I experi enced quite a shock when, on arriving beneath my wife'B window, we dis covered the snow was completely ton disturbed, and that there was not the faintest trace of anything having passed that way. We all returned to the house somewhat subdued, and talked the matter well over, when we came to the conclusiunthatthere must be something queer about the affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible little wife could be the victim of such a delusion. Therefore we unanimously decided on keeping a. watch in the "billiard-room—whieh was immediately beneath Violet's room— on the following night, and wait for what might occur. In the meantime we had agreed not to mention the subject to my wife, and the next day, she not appearing at all in clined to introduce it, things went on much as usual. Some time after she had retired for the night, we being fortified with sundry glasses of hot toddy, repaired to the billiard-room to commence our vigil, where we turned down the gas and drew up the blinds, and were all on the qui vive for anything that might happen. The silence was becoming monotonous, when suddenly it was broken by a piercing shriek, and the sound of a heavy fall. Bushing up to my wife's room, from whence it had proceeded, I found her extended on the floor in a dead faint, still in her evening dress, with her window wide open. It was a long time before her maid, whom I found in the room, could restore her to consciousness, and even then she seemed almost delirious, and kept wailing out, " Why does he come ? What does he mean ?" The maid afterwards informed me that she had been requested by her mistress to remain in her room with her until her master came up, and she had stated she did net intend undres sing until then. Her lady had stood wrapped in a shawl for a long time at the window, and appeared to be listen ing intently for something she ex pected, (Suddenly she had given a violent start, and leaning out of the window, had excitedly called the maid to her side, and asked her in a tremb ling voice whether she could see any thing coming up the avenue or hear the tinkle of bells. It was a still, moon light night, almost as light as day, but the maid, a bright intelligent girl, declared see could see or hear nothing, and had only just turned from the window when she was horrified to see her mistress stagger backwards and fall fainting on the ground. The violent shock that my wife had received to her nervous system resulted in a long and serious illness, and as soon as i she could be moved I took her on the eomtinent, where she shortly recovered her health and spirits. W e neither of I us ever alluded to the cause of her illness, she feeling peculiarly sensitive on the subject, and resenting my having treated it as an hallucination. Though apparently forgotten by us both, I did not consider it judicious to spend the coming New Tear in Scot land, and we therefore agreed on paying a long-promised visit to St. Petersburg, where I had many intimate friends in influential circles. On our arrival they all vied with each other in showing us hospitality, my wife was immensely admired, and her vivacity and wit made her very popular. Just before our intended departure one of the leaders of society arranged a ball in our honor, to which Violet looked forward with great pleasure, and made most elaborate preparations. When the night of the fete arrived, and my wife entered the room dressed for the ball, I thought I had never seen her look so lovely, with that look of joyous antici pation on her countenance that a beautiful woman always wears when she is sure of her triumphs. During our short drive to the Hotel —-—, our destination, she amused me by her almost childish anticipation of the coming enjoyment. On our arriv ing there she ascended the steps on my arm, still laughing and chatting gaily, but just as we were about to enter the door she turned her head as if violently startled. I felt her tremb ling from head to foot, her faee was I deadly white, and her eyes were fixed on the spot from which our carriage had just moved. On my enquiring the reason of her agitation, she excitedly exclaimed, M Look there!" pointing to the. foot of the steps. When I de clared I saw nothing, she seemed com pletely unnerved, and implored me to take her home. Poor Violet clung to me closely, passionately exclaiming that if I did not do so at onco she knew she would die, and finding re monstrances only increased her distress I thought it best to do as she wished. Whilst in the carriage I could not get an explanation, as my wife seemed thoroughly prostrate, and on our ar rival I had to support her into her room. There, when she appeared better, I requested her to explain her extraordinary conduct. In an awed, almost scared voice, Violet informed me that on entering tlie Hotel she had heard the sound of sledge bells, and on turning to see who had arrived, had perceived drawn up at the entrance the same mysterious man who caused her so much terror the previous year in Scotland. There he was, wrapped in his heavy sables, and using the same warning gestures. I tried to reason with her and impress upon her the great offence her absence would probably eause on such an occa sion. For some time she was quite impracticable, but seeing at last how much in earnest I was, my dear little wife evidently made a great effort and consented to return with me. All the same I felt quite grieved to notice what a change this strange occurrence had made in her, the shrinking, pale little lady I was now conducting to th<3 carriage being indeed a very dif ferent person to the brilliant, joyous beauty ol a short time before. Just as we were about to set foot in the carriage a terrible explosion was heard, and a few minutes later the fearful news had circulated through the city that the Hotel ——, where the ball was being given, had been blown to the ground (it was supposed by Nihilists), and not a soul there had escaped! 