BLACK MARIA'S YOUNG MEN. A Christmas Liu. We were seven confined in the police-van ! We each occupied a little cell enclosed by strong partitions. I had read of Monte Christo, and had ofteu imas/incd what I should do if placed in such a position as his. My previous reading now bore fruit. I determined to free myself of my companions, or perish in the attempt. I first tore my pocket-handkerchief and necktie into strips, and knotted them into ropes. I then looked about for some tool wherewith to free myself. " Oh ! that J had my scarf-pin," I exclaimed. The myrmidons of the law had taken it from me. Happy thought! My toothpick ! I drew it from my pocket, and using it as a crowbar, soon wrenched the partitions apart. Die hole was now large enough to creep through. Judge of the astonishment of my next door neighbour when I appeared. " Votareyou doing here?'' he said. " Hush !" I replied. " I am exhausted. Take my tool and free the other prisoners. Be careful with the toothpick, or it will not go round." With a cunuing leer he took the instrument and set to work. What seemed an age to me elapsed (it was but a few minutes) and we were all FREE, and together. . " Vot shall ve do now?" inquired my first friend. " Do ?' said a rakish young man. " Do ?" " Do what we always do under similar circumstances, have a shilling" in aud the winner shouts, and then let us each tell a story." I glanced round the group, cleared my throat, and began the story ok the interesting criminal. "Gentlemen, lam here on a capital charge. I had a maiden aunt, a lady of large means, who had but one fault, an absurd clinging to her own life. This property had long ceased to be of any value to herself or anybody else, but its continuance deprived me of large possessions. Need I say how I sought to please my aged relative in everything. Amongst other whims, the dear old soul doated oil bloater paste. I therefore constantly supplied her with her favourite relish. But my bloater paste was, of course, unknown to myself, composed of ground black beetles. It was, therefore, scarcely to be wondered at that the good old soul sickened and died. But, unfortunately, in the paste was found some beetle poison. On such flimsy grounds I was arrested, but I need scarcely say that my innocence will be fully established at my trial." I had noticed that the young man whose acquaintance I had first made seemed much touched at my misfortune. I, therefore, called on him for the next tale. T1IB SENTIMENTAL TRIG TELLS HOW HE WAS COPl'E)).' '' Gents, all, I was alius a sentimental cove from my feeding bottle huppards. Whenever I takes a ' vipe' I alius 'eaves a sigh like, and if the vipe turns hout hold or ragged 1 feels real sorrowful. It's 'umiug natur, gents; that's vot it is. Yell, vun day I takes a vipe from a young party. Hooks hat hit. There, in vun comer I spies a fakement of a couple of 'uman 'earts jined together with a skewer. Then, pon my sivvy, I felt right down sad. I says, ' 'ere's some love sick gal's vipe that I've been and took from her lover.' And so I determines to return that vipe. Veil, genmen, you may believe me, but I searched hevery day in the ' Lost and Found' column of the paper for a reward for that vipe. Veil, von day when I gives hup all 'opes of seeing it, I sees vot I knew referred to it. This is vot it vos— S TOMACH ACHE—Return at once and all shall be forgiven. Sophomeba. I goes hoff to the place, and, blow me, if it worut a private inquiry orfis, and I got nabbed. Blow me." The human ingratitude exemplified in the last story seemed to have such an effect on all present that it was some time before I could get any one to go on with another story. At last the rakish young man responded. THE RAKISH YOUNGMAN HESCRIBES AN 01)D|| CIRCl'MSTANCK. " Aw—well—yaas—I 'sure you, 'poll honour, dash it all. it was all a mistake—a confounded mistake. 1 was in a bank, you know—aw—and used to amuse myself by scribbling on—aw—the blotting paper. Well—aw—the other day a fellah comes in and he says, ' Mr. Augustus Sydney Plautaganet Percy Potts (aw—that's ine, you know), you're wanted on a charge of forgery.' Seems that these scribbles I'd been making on my blotting pad were said to be attempts at forgery. Doosed awkward, wasn't it? Yaas, by Jove." This story had a depressing effect, and I at once called on a short man with a pea jacket and a round hat, and a curl at the side of his ear. THE PARTY WHO FANCIES A DAWG DESCRIBES A SAD EVENT. " There, I never seed such a beauty. She were as purty as a pictur'. Long brown silky 'air falling in masses over her face. You might 'a knocked me down with a straw the fust time I seed her. There she were, a-follering her missus, looking hevery hinch a lady, as she wos. There, I never seed such a pictur' afore, aud never shall agin, s'elp me. Well, Hollered of her, for, sez I, although a poor but honest cove, I may get that little lady some day. Well, I see where she lived, and every day I goes and dodges around in hopes of seeing her. But I never set eyes on her. So one day I makes so bold as to go hup to the door, and says to the gal as vos sweeping the steps, ' Vot's become or that there little lady as you used to liev here ?' Says she, 'Vot's that to you, master; but howsum dever, if you must know, we've pisoned her cos she were so mangy.' Lor, gents, I were ready to burst into tears." The conclusion of this story took us all by surprise, for the speaker seemed so much in earnest that we all thought he was relating a love affair. When the laugh which went around had subsided I called on a thorough ruffian in the corner. THE THOROUGH RCT'PJAN RELATES A GHOST .STORY. "Palls all,—Ihaint the sort of coveas you'd expect to see a ghost, but I liev tho'; aud a plaguey, nasty, skinny-looking thing it is, too. But what do you say to a man always having a ghost about with him; a ghost which is a skiliton which never leaves him day or night, but is allers a pressing agm his breastbone like, and saying, ' Ah ! ah ! I am here, my noble swell mobsmen.' 1 r o«M ycr like to see that ghost—that skiliton ? At the suggestion a shudder passed through our frames, In the height of his fear the man buried his hands in his pockets. '"Cos if you do look out— there it is !" As he said these words the thorough ruffian cast into the midst of us a skeleton key. For some time we were silent, for we felt that our holiest feelings had been trilled with. 1 then turned to a battered old man, who seemed much troubled with hiccough. Assuming a commanding position and waving his hand grandly in the air, he thus began :— " Frensh, Romansh, countrymen, I am blue ribboush man gone wrong for the sake of Sarah. Well, when 1 took pledgsli I resolved to make teetotalshers of all my old palsli. Slio I used to go round to hotels and tell 'cm how wicked wash to drinksh. Well, old pals used asksli me take drink, hho I took shoda water. One day I had tumblerful 1 shoda water, ami a feller putshixpennorth rum on top. Awful, wasn't it? Well," says I, "I'm dashed if I know how I can get at that shoda water without driuking the rumsh, and sho I liad to swallow the rumsh and break plegdsh. Aud, shentlemen, I've been on it six weeks. Pardon nie, slier, if I brush snakes off your shoulder." Here the blue ribbon man sank down overcome with the sense of his own backslidiug. Ihere remains only one more story-teller. From the twinkle in his eye one could see that he was a merry fellow. I therefore appealed to him for the concluding tale. the seakarino man's story. "Well, it were this way. The Eager memnon come to grief on the coast of Carriboo, aud all on us were drownded 'cepting me and the cook. I Well, we puts out to sea in a boat, and at the end of the week we was jolly hungry. I says to the cook, ' Greasy,' says I, 'one of we must hand in our checks, and it ain't me.' Well it worn't me, aud there were only one on us left in that there fboat. By-an-bye, that boat got into a storm aud chucked me out into the water, and the first thing I seed were a shark coming straight at me, and I dives and Mr. Shark dives arter me; first I got the better of the shark and then he got a bit the upper hand of me. This game lasted nigh half an hour and then he makes up his mind to go me big licks, and so we closed ; there we were, hammer and tongs, until at last I gets Mr. Shark in a favourable position and drew my knife. " Aud you killed him ?" we asked, breathlessly. " No ; he swallowed me, gents—" " Pet-lice !" we shrieked, and sure enough they were on us, and we were free no longer. We were bundled again into the " Black Maria," aud taken carefully to our old home, were they cut hail- in the French fashion and put iron bars at the windows to keep thieves from breaking in, and you're never out late at night. 