WHIFFS FROM | THE SMOKING- ROOM. By Bohemian. "2 have gathered a nosegay of other men's flowers, and nothing hut the string that hinds them is my oronT — montaine. I proposed to our Comnanv lately to forward i a few tit-bits selected from our most important discussions and small talk for publication in the columns of our favorite newspaper. Need I say that that paper is the Victorian Express 1 My proposition ivas agreed to, with certain limitations unnecessary for me to mention. There were five of us present, aud I will here describe them, in order to give my readers an idea of the. sort of personage that any future saying, wise, witty, or moral, proceeds from. If my readers should recognise any one of them I beg of them not to say so, as'it might break up our society, and deprive my' readers of a weekly bud get, which I hope will be found both instructive and amusing. Our Chairman is commonly called Garry — short for "Garrulous," garrulousness being his most distinctive feature. He is not regularly constituted as our chairman, but. we generally appeal to him to decide between two excited controversialists, and he has come to be regarded as our president, A man of substance in every sense of the word — like cubic measurement, he has length, breadth, and thickness, the latter especially in his voice towards the "wee saia' hours," which added to the (supposititious) sub. stantial balance at his bank Tenders Garry a object of respect, if not of veneration, amongst all who come in contact with him. When Garry begins on a favorite topic it seems as if he would never get to the end of his tether, and he will spout by the hour, much to the edification of his bosom firiend "Patience. "so christened ("in a whis key font) from his exceptional listening powers, exceeding even those of the groat lexicographer's biographer. Patience is quite the opposite to Garry— yet they are bosom friends. Whilst Garry is tall, Patience is short ; whilst Garry will -talk all night Patiefiee is content to listen, and Ihave known occasions when he has never once opened his mouth from the begining to the end of a nocturnal symposium, except to emit a whiff of smoke, or an inarticulate assent to some extra expressive remark of Garry's, with whom he is always in accord, and whom he has never been known to contradict. Next comes the "Lieutenant," tall, fair, and the only handsome man amongst us — a gentleman in every sense of the word; a giant in stature, yet as geiltle as a babe; a really good-hearted fellow, with a smile and kind word for everybody, even the veriest loafer on the Masonic Hall steps; chivalrous to a degree, a doughty champion of the fair sex, whereby he is at logger-heads with Garry, who is a confirmed misogynist. "Jocosus" is the funny man of the quintet — the essence of ef feminacy; always fashionably dressed, highly perfumed, he is (in his own opinion) nuUi secundns. Never smoking aught but fragrant cigars and scented cigarettes — a pipe being too vulgar for him, as well as too strong for his weak head. How he 'manages to live in the style he does we have long ago given up con jecturing, the only occupation we have ever known him to consistently follow being making vain efforts t ie sar.-a-tic and funny, Iris sarcasm and wit. as a rule, falling very very flat, and fail ing to elicit the ghost of asmilefromhisauditors, except, may be, of pity. His especial bete r.o'tr is the Lieutenant, on account of the latter being such a favorite with the ladies, while as a rule, with the exception of a few, whose favors car- Ty less credit than distinction, they fight shy of Jocosus. Take him for all in all he is a fool ish egotist and a masher. Forgive me Jocosus, but as you remarked the other night "Truth will prevail.' The last we come to is your humble serrant Bohemian. Not wishing to be placed in the si me egotistical bo.it as Jocosus (although, as Sydney Smith has it, we should not row with the same skulls), I will merely echo the opinions of others by stating that he is " of a desultory disposition, with some abilities, but without the application to use tuem, except by fits and starts; a thorough rover, and philoso pher enough to take life as easy as it can pos sibly be made. Having taken up so much space in describing our noble selves, I am afraid there will be little left of the column which you, M r. Editor, have sternly limited me to. " In discussing the progress of the 19th cen tury, and especially the increased facilities for and development of travelling, this is the programme which the Lieutenant laid down for the future in connection with covering the distance between England and Australia, pre dicting that the vising generation would live to see it accomplished: — Leave London by the. Electric Railway in the morning; through the tunnel under the Straits of Dover; breakfast at Calais, and evening dinner at Gibraltar ; elec tric ferry-boat across the Straits to Tangi-'rs, five hours ; railway to the Cape of Good Hope 60 hours ; steamer to North-West Australia, three days ; thence by branch railways to Perth Adelaide, Melbourne, and the other capi tals, doing the whole distance in con siderably under ten days. I shall leave the schoolmaster and statistician to figure oat the distances direct, not having an atlas handy. (If I had my proverbial laziness would have to be overcome). The Lieutenant's scheme seem ed feasible to all but Patience, who averted that the rapidity of motion would take one's breath away. But when one remembers the ridi cule showered upon Stephenson when lie said that his first engine would go at a pace of six miles an hour, and that trains now run between 60 and 70 miles an hour, there seems to be nothing wonderful in it. On my addressing the Lieutenant a remark was made by Jocosus that it wais not etiquette to call a volunteer officer in plain clothes and off duty by his military title, deprecating such a practice on the score of flunkevism 1 1 The only difference I can see between a Volunteer and Regular officer is, that the one does not receive pay and the other does. At the same time if an army officer retires he is still addressed by his former official title. Not so, however, with the volunteer officer. The point was not satisfactor- iv settled. What do vou sav about it Mr. Editor? I was replenishing my pipe when Garry in formed me that I did not know how to light a pipe properly. A smoker of 30 years standing, I was naturally taken aback, till I was shown a process that I have since found vastly su perior, and I here describe it for fellow devotees at the shrine of Nicotiana: — Instead offilling Hie pipe and lighting it, putonly a little bitof tobacco in the bowl and light it ; then fill up the. pipe. The tobacco will burn upwards, leaving a clean white ash, with scarcely any juice or nicotine, and hardly any waste whatever. By the old method I used to always waste fully half-a-pipeful, as the bottom of the pipe was too moist to admit of the tobacco there burning. I would Advise those of my readers who enjoy their pipe to try this method, and they will bless Garry, and Bohemian the distributer of his views. 