London Letter. Kensington Gore, London, S.W. My DEAR VICTORIA,—Although we had deeper atcly cold weather 011 Thursday, the drawiugroom was attended by inauy of our prettiest and most celebrated ladies. It might amongst courtly circlcs be called small and select. Those held in May are always very largely attended, and therefore many prefer to make tbei iu the Royal presence earlier in the year, when the crowd iug is not so excessive, the waits not so long and tedious, or the company so mixed. As for the gowns, they to a certain extent are always monotonous, as they are regulation dresses. Still to the extent in which they show originality, the dresses at the first drawiugroom point to the fashion of those which will be worn throughout the rest of the season. What most struck me was that trains of velvet and handsome brocade -were, in most cases, entirely untrimmed. This is a very wise decision, for trimmings are entirely lost when the material is very rich; in fact worst than lost, for they deaden the beauty of the train, just as the traiu kills their light and trivial finery. Another thing, apropos of the gowns. Well, first of all, the lloyal bride, the Princess Beatrice, or as she is now called, the Princess Henry of Uattcnberg, was the centre of attraction. She looked radiantly happy and lier dress was just a vision of loveliness. The tram and bodice were of rich brocade, the ground soft as snow, and scattered over with clusters of marguerites, embroidered in silver threads, the skirt being entirely composed of lace, such as is only bequeathed from Queen to Queen, and only to be seen at rare intervals in history decking the sacred persons of Royalty. Next to this dress, I tliipk, was tho one worn by Lady Halsbury, which was much admired. It was a perfect golden symphony in three movements. The skirt was of a deep gold, like that preciouB metal found in Australia. It was of the richest brocade possible, with a graceful design, cleverly outlined in bright gold thread. At one side was a panel of thick beaded embroidery, the beads in all different tones of gold, and raised from the surface of gold satin, on which tbey were jplaced. The train, which was from the shoulders, was a lighter, but brighter, shade of gold broche, liberally covered with clusters of yellow marguerites, while from the left shoulder was draped an exquisite Brussels lace shawl, which fell in graceful filmy folds along the left side of the train. The bodice, which supplied the third movement, was of plain satin, and was beautifully matched with the richness of the skirt by baving a plastron of the be&dwork.; Mrs. Winter, however, seemed to admire the gown worn by Madame Von Andre, who is, I believe, a belie Americainc, and which was of rich cream corded silk, scattered all over with barley-ears and stems, embroidered in golden thread. On the skirt was a panel of rich soft beaver, above which the brocade was prettily held and heavily fringed with gold. Another charming dress was that of the Countess Hatyfeldt, which was of white moire, the front being embroidered in crystal beads, like ice-drops 011 the snow. Most of the court goers had instituted afternoon teas for the express purpose of letting their less fortunate friends, who bad not attended the function, see their courtly costumes. My ojiinion is that the friends had the best of it, sitting in a warm tailor-built fur-triniuied dress in a well-warmed room, sipping delicious tea from egg-shell china cups, and expectantly awaiting the entrance of some friend in court dress, with all the news of tho drawiugroom ready to burst forth on the smallest provocation. As many as twelve drawingroom goers turned up at one of the teas. Adeline was at it, and the confused Babe] of sound as to what was said and what was done, who looked nice and who didn't, who was nervous, who was bold, &c.;, was enough to drive one distracted, until tbey had settled down to relate their experiences one at a time, with numerous unavoidable interruptions from the others. All appeared to agree that Lady Randolph Churchill looked lovely iu a dress of deep unrelieved orange, with a train of velvet devoid of trimming. There were a good many debutantes, amongst whom were several brides. The carriages turned out were of the shabby order, tho only exception being the carriage of the Belgian Ambassador, which was a particularly smart affair. I was almost forgetting to mention that her Majesty wore black, very liberally trimmed with sparkling jet, and that the Baroness Burdett-Coutts Bartlett's sables were the handsomest and her jewels the most marvellous worn that day. The Princess of Wales was not present; indeed, it is said she absented herself on purpose, not only from the drawiugroom but from Marlborough House, so that she might be spared the annoyance of calling on her mother-in-law, the relations between the Queen and tho Prince and Princess of Wales being very much strained. A most extraordinary scene occurred last week at Her Majesty's Theatre, and which, although most painful, had a very comic aspect. The Italian Opera iu London has, after many and repeated struggles, at last given up the ghost and died insolvent, and the bitter consequence is that the already large army of the unemployed has been swelled by a new contingent and that if a new breakage of windows occurs in Pall Mall, very probably the rioters will be hungry musicians. Respecting the poor and hungry of Windsor, it is satisfactory to learn that at last the Royal mind is seriouly considering what can be done to effect an improvement in tho condition of Windsor. It would be well if His Royal Highness also remembered that charity, I mean business charity, should always begin at home, as then we should bear so much of the cruel sufferings consequent (n the depression of trade in English watering places. List year the cholera kept many people from the ContiLent, but now they are all off again, following in the wake of tho Prince of Wales, instead of seeking health, rest and recreation in our own country. I wonder what it is that, makes English people go out of their way to scatter their money amongst rapacious foreigners, when it might do so much good iu the present distress if circulated at home. Indeed, as our ltoyals are so fond of the Continent, it really wouldn't be amiss if tbey followed in the footsteps of their German cousins, who i spend as much money as possible in the Fatherland. It would certainly rouse the feelings of loyalty, which just now in England need a little stimulating. Your Australian colony seems, Uncle says, determined to make their section of the Indian and Colonial Exhibition a success, and are working with that end -pith extraordinary enthusiasm. Victoria alone sends 11,000 separate exhibits. Lovers of flowers and ferns will enjoy the exhibition of the tree ferns of Victoria and the conservatory of Queensland native ferns and elirubs. A special wine bar for sampling all the Australian wines is being erected at the expense of the wine-producing colonies in the cellars beneath the Albert Hall, Victoria alone contributing no less than 30,000 gallons of wine. A piano- sewing machine is certainly one of the most novel of inventions. When the keys are played on they execute music and sewing at the same time. Several pieces have been especially composed for this instrument, which will turn out various articles of dress completely finished. I have not yet seen this wonderful instrument, nor yet have had the opportunity of seeing its handiwork. Apropos of inventions, Mi. Edison,the great inventor of the electric light, is about to bring home another light of a new and beautiful kind. This light, although very young, is a most powerful one, as the newly-wedded Mrs. Edison is the daughter of Mr. Miller, a millionaire.—Yours truly, HORTENSE DE VASACOUR. 