The Meteorologist. Clouds and Cloud Effects. (san francisco " bulletin.") A description ofthe remarkable cloud ef fects which accompanied the thuuder- Btorra of a few weeks ago, appeared in the Bulletin of that day.- Some of tbe most brilliant coiounug ana rapid transformations or cloud ; forms aDd cloud effects ever seen here oc- : curred on that morning. The attention of | hundreds who were awakened from sleep j was attracted to those cloud effects who do i not ordinarily notice or know anything about that subject in this vicinity. Few know, but it is nevertheless a fact, that San i Francisco is one of the cb u 1 centres (if I may venture to use that qxpreseion) of this coast. By cloud- centres I mean a locality where the air is periodically loaded with vapour, which strong winds, cold and heat, work into the most remarkable shapes, colours and combinations. We do not often here have the magnificence of colour and almost infinite combinations of cloud- weaving seen in the tropics, but in respect to clond forms there is exhibited frequently over the Golden Gate and west of it and over the Saucelito hills massive and majesticspeci- mens of cn mains and cirro-cumulns clouds. In the tropics, on calm, dry evenings, the clouds are generally of the stratus or small cirro-stratus shapes, and do not then have the vast cumulus forms that are to be seen where there is mnoh vapour and less rapid condensation. Vast cumnlns clouds are often seen here seaward ; great, fleecy masses, frequently of much glitter ; light and shade seaming and separating the main cloud masses into the mcsfc beautiful mountains of fleece. These clouds are great curling argosies of vapour, silvered by the sun into fine white and white-grey colours. The colours of tropical anoBet clouds far surpass those of the Golden Gate, of winter at Lake Tahoe, of morning and evening on the Ross Valley side of Tamal- pais, or of the sunset after rain of Alaska, or the Lakes of Killarney, in the southwest of Ireland, as I have briefly seen them ; bnt the forms ofthe latter clouds are from their size much the most massive and magnificent. If a boarder at Saucelito was asked to pay extra for the cloud effects so frequently seen of a summer evening over the hills south and west of that little nook, he would doubtless look surprised, and yet if he had an eye even half made up for most beantifnl clond combinations, he would mnch rather pay than have them shut oat from his vision, fog phenomena at saugelito, Missive fog clouds, or rather mountains of ; fog-fleece, cover the hills of Saubelito very frequently of a summer evening be- j tween 6 and 8 o'clock. A fog clond with | its load of moisture, doubtless has great ; weight, if it were possible to weigh j it on physical scales, bnt those | stretches of fog-fleece are so ethereal , that if the hills, instead of being rock- 1 ribbed, were made of thto- globe glMj does not seem that their delicacy would w crushed by these etberial-couriers. Their colour is white, but not ths intense white of snow. Grey makes an airy suggestion ana combination in them. Although notably one in mass and form they are rippled and corrugated throughout — roll upon roll, curling film upon film, airy wave upon airy wave. They lie on the dark bed of the hills and on the wings of evening like " snow up>n a raven's back " They appear to be utfer'y motionless, and fade into and out of sight like ghosts. The her nest vision could not possibly d6J fcect exsctly when they make their entrance Gr 'heir exiS "Gome like spirits, so de part." The transition from invisible vapour ' To visibie fog and vice versa has an invisible line which can not be traced. For a j noticeable time after the issuance of steam j from a locomotive it can rot be seen. Con- i deception has to do its work ere the steam, alwavs invisible wben dry, descends to the j low range of human vision. It is just so I w»th fog, whether moisture saturated and dark or comparatively dry and fleecy, j Gaptain Rogers, of the U.S. Coast Survey, | tells me that, on the hills west and north of . Saucelito, he has seen on one or two occa sions perpendicular walls of fog- clouds reaching from the ground upward for hundreds of feet. It was possible to stretch out the arms and have one arm in the cloud and one in per fectly clear weather. The shadow of the human figure was seen upon this cloud (the sun being to tbe eastward of it), and every movement of tbe body was reflected upon it, suggesting the spectre of the Brocken. In the same region he says be has stood upon | the promontory of a high, ocean-overlooking i hill, the top of the bill being in clear weather, while tbe ground north and south of it was corrugated by white fog. This fog was in white, rolling billows, looking exactly like icebergs on the ocean in an Arctic Be, This is a very common condition of fog-clouds. Far-reaching winds and fogs. The clouds that form outside of, on, and about tbe Bay of San Francisco are not strictly local. They ere water-carriers by means of our strong summer winds, and are carried to districts of the State fifty to one hundred miles distant from San Fran cisco. Summer winds are found in the Sacramento and San Joaquin Valleys, and at Lake Tahoe nearly every summer day. I have found them near Big Oak Flat, in the foothills, and on one occasion I noticed they blew allvnight at Merced. But in both cases practically all of their moisture had been absorbed, and they had been transformed from their cold and moistnre-laden character into a sirocco. The stronger this wind b'ew, the more fiery the temperature. All night at Merced my pillow, with the window wide open, felt as though a hot fire were below it. At Tahoe in Jnne, July, and August, tbe months in which our summer winds prevail in their greatest strength, similar winds are felt there. The lake, as a rule, is not then safe for small boats which venture far from the lee (western) shore. These are our ocean winds. In the San Joaqnin Valley they are changed from damp, cool, moving blankets almost into sheets of invisible fire. , One thing is certain, bnt for the fog and winds which are created by suction, through the ascent of the heatid and rare fied air of the interior, and which are largely drawn through the great fennel of the Golden Gate, many portions of the interior wonld be punch warmer than they are. Of course, in consequence of the comparative proximity of the ocean to most parts of tbe State, moisture is never far off ; nor is our bay by any means the only inlet for cool air and ocean moisture. Humboldt Bay is another important region of supply of fog- laden winds for the interior. And wherever there is a Coast Range canon leading from tbe ocean eastward, there will be fonnd strong draughts and dense clond water carriers. 5cg-drifts in europe and the british isles. Our fogs are created by ocean moisture - laden air, chilled by cold currents of air, and dissipated when they reach the hot air cf oar interior valleys. On the banks of Newfoundland, and on the south-west crast of Ireland, the warm Gulf Stream and westerly winds exhale warm moisture into colder air, which rises, and in rising is expanded and made colder. The result is fogs of the most blanket- like texture, and rains of the most profuse nature. In that portion of Ireland this moisture laden air is aided in its precipitation by the chilling effect of the highest mountain 8 in the island. The result is one of the most rainy climates ia Europe. The west coast of Scotland and of Norway receive their almost eternal rain and drizzle from tbe same source, as does the coast line cf Alaska from another ocean current. I have been in a town cf Norway (Bergen) in which it once rained nearly continuously for throe month?. The result is that cumulus-cloud forms in these regions>re of the moBt magnificent size, I never saw such huge, rolling, in tensely white light, glittering masses of that kind of clouds as at the Lower Lake of Killarney from S to 10 o'clock of a July evening, after excessively heavy rains, and tbe same was true the next day in the sky Atlanticwards, nearly all the way from Cork to Dublin. The clonds were in their way far finer than thes oenecy on and around the lakes ; for after Tahoe and the various lakes of the Sierra, and after Alaska, Killarney amounted . only to exceedingly fine verdure and beautiful sylvan scenery. Bnt the clouds were ma jestic, glittering and gorgeous— gorgeous, however, mostly in white light and glitter only. The flame colours, the green, the purple, the orange, and the yellow, which go to give tropical sunsets- their riotous wealth, variety, and indescribable interweaving of colour, were mostly wan tirg. The sun in Ire land is generally too.mnOh under the depress: iug influence of rain and ; cold. . Warmth of colour is thereby washed out, or rather kept out of his cloud- work. The sun to be at- his best as a colonr creator, either in the flora of the es'Th. or ia the cloud paiating of the sky, must be at his strongest torrid heat, and have the pigment of abundant moisture frequently also. The torrid heatotthesun there, aided by great moisture, paints ooiour- weaUh at on® in clouds, earth, on to- numerable birds and insects, on motbs and butterflies especially- Great magnificence and variety of colour— all the colours of the spectrum—as a rule, make only occasional showings outside of the tropics. On Satur day last, over the Mission bills and north cf them, there was a gray- white log wall hav ing an elevation of 1,400ft. or al>o the sea, from tha top of which cloud-tufts and cloud rifts were constantly being blown, ar.d, ..eeniicg, formed cirroe clond., m!o- bitR shane 1, of tha mo.t brilliant and b an- tiful kind. It was a glance, not often bad, at a ekud factory in full operation, r ro fesEor Davidson thinks that the cumu us clouds teen by the mouth of the Columbia River are frequently among the very finest in the world. TROPICAL SUNSETS IN SAN FRANCISCO San Francisco Bay is one of the peaces where evening cloud glory is often painted in the fading western sky. The sunsets of the tropics are frequ ntly seen here after warm, calm days. Such sunsets are frequently seen, too, even in the Arctic re gions. But it should be understood that there may be wonderful cloud effects with out high colour. Those whose business or pedestrian habits lead them Presidioward, on the bay b alow Black Point, and thos6 who live at the officers' quarters above Fort Point know tbat there Is, not occasional, but very frequen-, displays of cloua combinations and rolling cumulus end cirro-cumulus mag- niflcence in our sunsets, to which sober grays, light fleece, and fine white have tfce whole sky-field to tbemselves: or are but faintly aided by any tints in which tobc or sunset- yellow play a p«rfc In these cases rapid cloud transformations, sunshine and shadow contending for the mastery, and the closing in of night in curtains of deep gloom and darkness, characterise the scene and are wonderfully impressive. An hour before sunset and until darkness falls is the time to see our clond effects. Twice within a week, seen from the Fruit Vale Hills, there have been black fog effects of most noticeable gracdenr. Beauty of course there was none in such a scene, and ro colours bnt those of gloom and darkness. AU of tbe city, the hills west of it, the San Bruno Mountain, and it seemed all of the bay up to the Oakland tide flats, were shnt out. not by banks, bnt by an apparently perpendicular wall of black fog. Its top was nearly level, but occasionally scud-rifts and banners were blown cut of it, suggesting cloud anger and tbe work of spit-efni wind gusts. Meantime the stars shown above this wall of cloud gloom, while the north eastern eky was in perfectly clear white-bine light and calm, tbe hills there being as clear-cat in tbe gentle shadows of evening as ever I Baw them. Gaptain Rodgers informs me that to or ontside of our bay is not the centre of sammer wind force nor of fog density. Both are greater at Gape Mendocino. The foroe of the wind is sometimes so great there that barrels fall of water, standing upright, have been blown over, and men eometlmeB have to creep on their knees to get past exposed places. Bnt as the wind and fog there meet with a barrier of high hills reaching 4,300ft. elevation, no such amount of either wind or fog escapes to the In terior as by the funnel of San FranciBco Bap. These widds at Gape Mendocino sometimes reach 8 speed of 100 miles an hour. The most magnificent effect of wind, light and cloud darkness I ever beheld was in the Norib Atlantic in March, two days' sail from New York. The night was black dark and a ten knot breeze was blowing. The ship had every stitch of canvas on but royals ; she was literally flying through the water, which was alive with the most radiant and intense phosphorescent light. We rushed through and roiled ahead of ns living billows cf white flame. The oorrnscations from tue sides of the ship and the receding wake were unearthly in their glitter and splendour. Every moment one was deceived into thinking it was moonlight. Looking up to see her, and to find a sky blackened un- refieved by a star was a continuous surprise. It is a noticeable fact that the remem brance of the most magnificent cr weird sanset-cloud effects and cloud-painting are as evanescent in the mind's eye and memory as they are to the physical sight. Even some of the greatest painters of ths world (Rubens, Turner, Csracci, and others) have transferred to their canvas untruthful cloud forms atd colours. Turner, who in clond and marine colours waB probably never surpassed, and who mnst have studied all effects in nature with an eye that be desired to be a means of transferring truth to canvas, is charged by Elijah Walton, & writer upon and photographer of clouds, with many blunders In this respect. cloudless regions. There are regions of the earth, particn- larly m Arabia and some of the pampas of booth America, whence clouds for months never, or hardly ever, appear in the sky. The appearance of one is heralded w ith jov and is as the "shadow of a great rock in a weary land." Exceedingly few scientific authors have written much upon clouds. Raskin has -UP? that ubJeGt» but nothing to make their shape or the laws of them formation clearer. He Indeed throws th,lgeneraUy explsua- ct ,,how they are formed. Instead 0f s general division of clond into four forms, Raskin would reduce them to two-massive and striated. He Bays that he himself conld never sketch, nor Turner paint, a cumnlns cloud. Raskin says of the rain cloud "that the chief rntora of Sliai1 lin5&inatloa; owed„a»d confessed that they owed, the force ©f their noblest though. s, not to the flowers of the vallev nor the majesty of the hid, but to thi flyu clond." Thia may be'Ce I? tl frue Of h Latin poets, but it is not true greatest of them all — I mean, of course, Shakspeate. That great master does not, by anv neglect olonda sod clond effect bnt «£ gtorv of mooing light and of sunrise at. tracked him vastly more. Frobshly few Scotchmen know that Dante made the pQQ. ishments of on® of the departments of his "Inferno" to consist of cloudy Highland weather — "Showers ceaseless, accursed heavy, and cold. ' EJep. Tyndall, who in connection with heat, light, sound, and regelation in g'aclers, has done much for scientific knowledge, truth, and beauty touches very little on the colouring of cloud! or cloud forms. In experiments on sound in foggy weather off Dover, he exploded the theory that sound was retarded by fcgt a8 others bad shown that it travelled much faster in water than in air ; but Tyndall has cot, so far as I am aware, written any tb?Dg special upon clouds. He is a moBt en. thu iistic Alpine climber. These who have read his accounts of trips there, or Whym.. p-r's scrambles ia the Aps, or any one who baa visited that range, knows that one of the sublime attractions of the Alps i in their wonderful cloud effects, in sunshine snd in storm Glcud banners are formed there, and are frequently s-t to magnificent flames by the red colours of the eetting eun, Some of the finest massive white cloud effects in sunshine and gathering storm I have ever seen, occurred in a walk over the Thecdule Glacier, from Switzerland into Italy. cloud effects at lake taboe, The ofoud effects at Lake Tahoe in gather tog enow or succeeding a storm are frca quently most weird and magnificent A work from Tyndall upon the laws of cloud formation, their colours and their texture, similar to that of bis "Forms of Water," wonld no doubt combine the most solid aDd useful facto with facts of tbe most ethereal and epirltual nature. Fact and fancy, poetry and prose interweave and nnite in this re gion. The air " hath bubbles as the water hrs, ard these are of them." All walks alone in thiB snd Marin county, and all excursions particularly on moun tains, may be greatly enriched by even ur. educated observation and study of cloud forms and cloud colours. Thomas Magee, 