SPORTING. V.R.C SPRING MEETING. DERBY DAY. [By Telegraph.] [From our Special Reporter.] Melbourne, October 31. The twenty-seventh Victorian Derby Day was not the most pleasant one on record so far as the elements were concerned, as from early morning clouds of dust were raised by the strong wind that prevailed, and it was only argent business, or the pursuit of pleasure in another quarter, that could induce one to ven ture in the grimy streets of Melbourne; bat the bulk of the traffic was in one direction, and that towards the fields of Flemington, where tfae dust fiend was less pronounced than in the streets and byways of the city. Notwithstand ng the unfavorable nature of the weather there was a larger attendance than on any previous Derby day, and this warrants the supposition that every available foot of the grand stand additions will be needed on Cup day. Amongst the visitors were his Ex cellency Governor and Lady Loch, Lord Carrington (Governor of New South Wales) and Lady Carrington, our own Governor (Sir Win. Robinson), Sir Geo. Straban (Governor of Tasmania), and their respective suites, with Admiral Tryon, Brigadier-General Owen, and many others. The viceiegal party arrived ?ariy, and having inspected the improvements made since hut year testified their approba tion; The course looked beautifully clean and nice, the lawns being covered with fresh ver dure, and the stand!, &c;, with fresh paint, la the intervals between the races Zelman's Band performed choice selec tions of music, and there was the usual promenading on the lawns. There was nothing remarkable about the fashion or materials of the ladies' costumes, the greatest display of millinery being reserved for Cup day. The majority wore dose-fitting' dresses of jnnmlin, cashmere, oV ?nw in light tint* ranging from white to fawn, or heliotrope. There were of course individual exceptions, such as yellow satin triiimflii with black lace or velvet, and other combination*, that appeared to represent the colors of the stable to which some favorite raoahnwe be longed, the blue and white being .also pro minent. As the afternoon wore on the violence of the wind somewhat abated, sad its effects were lees noticeable to the spectators when they became interested in the racing. Tfae gale, however, made an appreciable difference to some of the horsee, both in the Plate and Derby, and it was only the tho rough gam* new of Hortense and Trident that brought them home aa victors in the two big events. The card opened with the Melbourne Stake*, - with 10 runners, Isonoany being the favorite, and Sheet Anchor and Induaby next in demand. The result showed that the mare was off color, and Sheet Anchor suffering from the slowb, other wise he looked well enough. There was a great race horce between Isanomy and w??ifc?, and moat of the spectators thought Isonomy had won by half a head, but the judge pro nounced it a dead heat. After the other events were over the tie was run off, and Isonomy put downhisopponent handsomely in Cast time of 2 mm. lOg sec, or 2 sec faster the than the original race was inn. This victory has ?fawwgrimmwt Hw iwi of Wintarlnl-g in public favor for the Cup, and be is likely to go out nearly as well supported as Trident A. dozen runners faced the starter in the IJotbam Handicap, Woyhpm being favorite, but the littk-thought-of Claptrap came out in the straight and neat his field handsomely, Hfihim being cecond, and Lancer third, F. Prnifl*, tfae rider of TiMmtt. was disqualified for tfae balance of the meeting for being disobe dient at tfae post. Considerable interest was evinced in the Maribymong Plata, Aa the candidates went out in their bright new colors Lava was thefavorite,withFerhapa and Mistlet toe next in demand, but Hortensehad some sup port at 8 to L Even her stable supporters wind was against her, but the result showed what a powerful filly she is, as she carried her stone penalty to victory, beating Hunttngtower and Bedouin Jar placet, Lava and the rest being beaten off. Perhaps did not ran kindly or up to her tzne form, as when she was asked to gallop she nearly came to a ?jMid^ftl^ and then thujring better of it started xacatg again, but too late to retrieve her lo*t opportunity. The time was alow—l mm. 7i sec —but it is estimated the wind made at j least 4 sec difference to the race, The win of TToHf ap was a very popular one, and nuut be gratifying to Sir Thoa. Elder, as en all sides Harteoseis votedtobe the grandest filly that waa ever eeen at Ffemingtoo. Had aha not won the Foal Stakes the Adelaide division would have had a good win over her, bat they Guuld not back her in the face of her having to catry a etone more than any other horse in the j xace Xfaia is a great trinroph for Gang Fuurard -as a sue, and must answer au tut detractors to their own confusion. Hunting tbwer, who ran second, is a good-looking cott, as also fa the third bone. Bedouin, which was fared JikeJ?ortense at Morphettville, being by j DaxriaeU out of Black Gipsy. The winner | washcoqght in pxorilent condition to the post j by her lessee, Mr. L. McDonald, who in the j stakes alcne baa secured a good sum. Lord . Carri?gton's filly Esperance bolted off the ! course with her rider, the Englishman Whiting, who waa thrown. The race for tfae Bme jtiband was run at 4 o'clock, I and when the Derby candidates paraded j it was seen there were only seven sporting auk, namely. Fast Consul, Aglaas, Chwha?i. Kingfiah. Trident, Volcano, and Madddina. The favorite Trident main tained his position in the betting, and went out at 2 to 1 on him, HfmiUfiXtim being next fancied i at sto 1 against ber. She came very timidly out before the crowd, and would not go to she post for some time; and Fin* Consul was so fractious that he twice tried to bolt the other way, and nearly polled Mick O'Brien out of tbeaaddK When the flag fell Volcano went to the front, and made the running at so good a pace that many thought he would maintain his position to the end and score a win. Cherham.was his nearest attendant, and then Itaddelms, till she died away and let Trident op in her place. When ncanng the home turn, aiid Volcano had a good lead, Ellis turned ' his head to look for Trident, and at that moment Volcano ran into and collided j with the rails, nearly throwing Ellis out of the saddle, and hnrtiog his shoulder bo much that he not only lost his own chance, but jeopardised his stable companions, who cannoned against him when Volcano swerved away from the rails. This gave Cheaham the chance to sail away in front, and he had a clear six lengths lead of everything before Hales ould get Trident into his stride again. Every body Believed that Chesham must win, and the whole mass of spectators gazed in silence on the spectacle of a rank outsider beating tfae field; but suddenly there were loud cries of "Trident is coming," as Hales was observed to eit down in the saddle and ply the whalebone and steel, the colt answering the call with indomitable bravery, and stride upon stride wearing down his opponent. "He wins! he wins! the favorite wins!? was tfae shout that rent the air as Trid?nt came up to the girths of Chesham when halfway down the stand, and passing him in three more strides was landed a winner by a length and a half amidst the most etifbnatasttc cheering by nearly everybody but the bookmakers, who were sorely hit by the victory. Bales was cheered again and again, aad bats were waved as he came to the scale and tfae magic word "right" was proclaimed by the stewards. Trident was afterwards brought up tfae lawn to be invested with the blue riband by Lady Loch, and then it was jiereerred that the horse's aides showed signs of punishment from the spurs, although he was otherwise very little distressed, The time— 2 mm. 39 sec.—was remarkably good, and ] equal to Martini-Henri's previous best record. J Trie day's racing was concluded by Huron winning the Selling Race, and Daystar unex pectedly carrying off the Coburg Stakes. The following are particulars of tfae day's racing:— KELBOCBXE STAKES. A sweepstakes of 5 sovb. each,, 1 ft., j ?irh 300 added ; second horse to receive 50 ; eovs. out of tile stake. For 3-year olds and ujtwardf. Weight for age. One mile and a quarter. W. "Locke's b h Isonomy, i yrs., by Winter lake—Ruby, 9 st (Quinn) +1 S. Millf rt br b Boolka, aged, by Glorious -Bridget, 9 at. 41b. (Old*) f2 IV. E. Bird's b c Bravo, 3 yrs., 7 st. 11 lb. W. LoughlnVs br h Sheet Anchor, aged, 9 et. 4ft. (Colley) 0 J. G. Beid's eh m Grace Darling, G yrs., * st. 8 lb. (Williamson) '... 0 }. Kdgar'a br f Industry, 4 y?., ost 9 lb. iKeSo) ... 0 fir W. J. Clarke's br c Menotta, 3 yrs., 7 st II lb. (O'Brien) ... 0 W. Duggan'sch c Lord William, 3 yrs., 7 st. 11 BT(Nemker)... ZT^ ... ... o Hon. J. White's b f Tamarisk, 3 yrs., 7 st (Hale*)... 0 \k,? 3*t 78\ 6 o Betting—3 to 1 against Isonomy, 4 to 1 Sheet Anchor, 6 to 1 each Crossfire and Industry, 8 to 1 Bravo or Lord William, 10 to 1 others. ABsr a little restlessness at the post Isonomy and?oolka wete the fint way together when the signal was given, then Lord William, Grace Darling ?Bd others, Sheet Anchor being last M the bend Lord William was in the lead, with Crossfire in dose attendance, and.tben cane BooUra, Iwoomy, Industry, and Grace Jteb'ng, A$ the abattoirs Sheet Anchor im proved his position, and Industry fell back last. Into the straight Sheet Anchor seemed to be leading, out only for a brief period, as Isonomy soon disposed of him when he.got alongside, and the son of Winterlake was enjoying a clear lead and apparently easy victory till Boolka came with a rash on the inside and challenged him, when a grand set-to took place, retutting in what moat people thought was a narrow win for Isonomy, but the judge declared it to be a dead heat. Bravo was third three lengths away, and then came Lord 'William fourth, Sheet Anchor fifth, and Menotti. Industry, and Crossfire. Time, 2 mm. 12 j1 sec. Ibe owners decided to run off, and tha match took place at the and of the afternoon, Isonomy starting favorite at 6 to 4 on him. Cjuiun dashed away with the lead, but Olds took Boolka off very fast, and when alongside made the pace exceedingly warm, both horses eoing as though they were looked together. Jn&t; before the turn was reached Boolka was under the whip and the issue was no longer in doubt, Isonomy eventually coming home an easy winner by more than two lengths. Time, 2 mm. 10 j sec HOTHAM HANDICAP. A sweepstakes of 5 sovb. each, 1 ft, with 303 added ; second horse to receive 70 aovs., and the third 30 soys. out of the stake. For throe year-olds and upwards. Winner of any handi cap valoe 75 soys. or upwards, after declara tion of weights, to carry 7 lb. extra. One mile and a half and * distance. J. Whitlingbam's b h Claptrap, aged, by Tim Whifier—Talkative, 7 st. (R?mag?) 1 Hon. J. White's eh h TT?Thm. 4 yra., 7sMHujley) -. ... -. 2 J. R. Smith's bg Lancer, 6 yre, 7 st. 10 lb. 3 J. Wilson, jun.*B br h Ringmaster, 4 yrs, Sst 61b. (Moore) ...... 0 W. Forrester's b c Silver King, 5 yrs., 7 sU 71b. (Gough) 0 O. Shannaasy's br h First Prince, 4 yrs,, 7 at. 2 lb. (Sanders) 0 O. Bamefs brm Lesbia, aged, 7 st. 2 lb. (Redfearn) 0 S. G. Cook's eh h Remus, 4 yrs., 7 ?U (Brown) 0 T. Rennison's eh h Salvo, 5 yrs ,Gat 11 ll>. (Gony) 0 A. Hyman's b g Genoe, aged, 6 et. 10 lb, (Cox) 0 W. £. Dakin's b h The Pencil, 4 yrs., 6 st. Slb.(Cra?k?dl> 0 Sir W. J. OarWs br h Fish o' Silver, 4 >ra., 6 at. 71b. (Johnson) 0 Betting— 3 to 1 against Hexham, 5 to 1 Clap trap and Pencil, 6 to 1 First Prince and Laacer. 7 to 1 Salvo, 10 to 1 Remus and Geaoe, and 20 to 1 Ringmaster. When they were dispatched Genoe was the first to lead off, with Salvo, Hexham, Lancer, Lesbia, and Fish o' Silver forming the lint division. Then Salvo took the lead, until he was displaced by Kptham, at whose girth was Salvo, with Leebia and Lancer next. Near the bridge Fust Prince FelL At the abattoirs Lesbia was in front, with Salvo and Hexham dose up, Ringmaeter absolutely last. Claptrap here came out of the ruck, and got into a good position on the outside, and entering the straight he held everything else at his mercy, coming home the easiest of winners by a couple of lengths from HeTnam, who was half a length in front of Lancer. Then followed Ihe Pencil, Fish o' Silver, Salvo, Lesbia, and Ringmaster. Time, 2 mm. &2i sec. THE VABTBTBKOSG PLATE. A sweepstakes of 30 aovs. each, h. ft, or 5 sots, only if declared and paid to the secre tary of the V.R C. or A.J.C. before 4 p.m. on Monday, October 4, 1886, with 1,000 added. For two year-olds. Colts, Sat 10 lb.; fillies, 8 et 5 lb.; geldings at time of running allowed 5 lb. The second hone to receive 300 soys. and the third 200 aovs. out of the < ttake. Winner of any race (not a handicap) value 100 soys. to carry 7 lb. extra; of any | such race value 200 sots., 10 lb. extra; of any such race value 300 sots, or upward?, 14 lb. ' extra. Five furlongs; 92 cubs, C. L. Macdonald's br f Horbuue, by Gang Forward—Josephine, 9it. 5 lb., including 141b. penalty {Campbem 1 D. Cooper's br c Huntingtower, by Darebin —, Atholine,Sat 101b. (Kd*o> 2 Hon. W. Pearson's br c Bedouin, by Darri well—Black Gip*y, Bst 10 lb. (E. Power) 3 A. Harvey's b or br c w?*?iiii? by Dam well—J-iuly Faithfn), S st 10 lb. (W, Hughes) 0 J. Haunes's brcAlbert Loddou.by Rapidity —Eugenic, S st 10 lb. CT.Brown) 0 T. Coffej'e br c Jebusite, by DarriweU— Tyropean, Bst 10 lb. (WOhamasn) ... 0 S. Gardiners b c Loyalist, by the Marquis —Loyal Peeress, Bst 10 lb. (Walker) ... 0 Hon. J. White's b c Aberdeen, by Chester -Goldfinch, Set. 101b. (Ellis) 0 E. MitcheUon'e br c Escutcheon, by Mwket (irnp.r—Ro?ette (imp ), 8 st 10 lb. (M. O'Bnen) 0 F. Toser'c b c Escex, by Sussex— Little Lady, Bst 101b. (SlcGrath) ... 0 J. H. Hails b f Perhaps, by Gang Forward —Peradventure, Bst 5 lb. (Omnn) ... 6 J. I>. Robntron's bf Mistletoe,V Boeworth —Star of Love, Bst 61b. (Fidde*) ... 0 W. A.LongVbrg£dcarier,bjHaribyr. rrang—Jessamine, Bst 5 In. (Colley) ... 0 Lord Carnngton's br f Esnerance, by Grand Flaneur — Fair Alice (imp.) Sst. 5 th, (Whitine) 0 Hot). J. White's bf f Lava, by Chaster— Etna Set 61b. (Hales) 0 W. C. Cooper's b f Miranda, by Maribyr- Docg—Fawn,Bst6lb.(A.Boberts?n)... 0 D. Cooper's far f Oceana, by St Afibans— Idalia,Bst6lb.(McGtade) 0 S. A. Donghws's bf Fancy Free, by Musket -Fancy, Bst6lb.(Wnbama) 0 Betting—4 to 1 against Lara, sto 1 Perhaps, CtoleachMiseltoeand Miranda, 8 to 1 Hor tense, 10 to 1 each Bedouin, Escutcheon, an! Eckerdey, 20 to 1 Huntingtower, and other?. After a little delay Mr. Watcon succeeded in getting the field away to agood start, with Miranda^ Btcntcbeon, and Huntiugtowpr in good poartio?s next the rails; Essex, Eckeratey, and Bedouin in the centre, and Hortense and Jebusite on the outside. Esperanee and Mistle toe were troublesome before the flag fell. Hor tense was the quickest to show in front, with Bedouin, Huntuuttower, and Perhaps, having a slight lead of tfae rest of tfae line. Loyalist and Eepnanee were also going well, but Mistletoe and Jebusite were the last to get off. Espera?ce distinguished herself by getting into a commanding poritton pasain? the sand track, and then destroying; Lord Carrington's hopes by running away to the left towards the abattoirs. Bedouin showed a bold front and Hortenaeand Perhaps were well pUoed, bit the latter filly waa shaken up, when she refused to respond, and a second or two were lost while she was got going again. At the distance Hottenie and Bedouin were at the bead of affairs, with Huntingtower, Oceania, Lava, and Aberdeen in near attendanca. Hortense struggled gamely on, and notwithstanding her extra weight and the strength of the wind she managed to beat her field, and win by a length from Huntingtower, who came up strongly in tfae last few strides and beat Bedouin by oialf a length for second place. Lava waa fourth, Aberdeen fifth, Eckerrley sixth. Oceania seventh, and then came Perliaps, Matamua, Fancy Free, Loyalist, Albert Loddon, Ehutchcon, Miranda, Jebusite, and Mistletoe. liane, 1 mm. 7i sec. The following is a list of the winners of the Maribyrnong Plate:— Vr. | Owner. . Winner. ; liider. jTitiie. I . I J.TT JE7IJJ. Thompson Arga? Scandal )Vfii*an,lun l 6 I£72]J. WOeon ..'Dagmar ..:Wilson, juoi 1 6 UT&Dr.; Bathe ..Stockbridge ..j?atty ..1 9 U74JJ. Wilson ' _ MaidofaU WortW. Wilson I 9 l£7s,Chirnside .. Kewminster .lYeotnaus.. 1 fci ISP.B. Bobinson- 'Sabena .. Hiicy .. I 3J lhnDeMestre ..Vulcan.. ..|T. Biwn.. I 7} lt7?E.Lee.. ..Nellie .. .. B. Colley,.. 1 4 l£79jJ. Wbite .. Pabnyra ..Huxley .. 1 & IUB J J.Wagner ?: Welcome Jack Yeomans.. , ~ "^J.Hart ..'*l*vjnia .. ?>aian .. ls* USIIJ. White ..Segenhoc .. Yeonians.. I 4 l?!2lE. H. Cox .. Narina .. Pigott . I 41 IbSS'J. White .. lolanthe .Ellis .! I 2J lt*4|J. B. HiU „ Newttead ..Quinn . I I 31 ikh&iJ.; White ..|liales . t 4' l?fe6'C. MacDonaia.Uortenee . iQampbell. | I 7J "itun dead heat tar .first pla?e. ~~ PUIGREE OF TIIE Wlnr??. VICTORIAN DEEBV. A sweepstakes of 25 soys. each, 5 ft., with 650 added. The second horse to receive 100 soys. out of tbe stake, and the third CO eovs. For three-year-olds. Colts, 8 it, 10 lb.; fillies, 8 et, 5 lb. Geldings at time of running allowed 3 lb. One mile and a half:— Hon. J. White's eh c Trident, by Robin eon Crusoe—Cocoanut, Bst 10 lb. (Hales) 1 Cooper's eh c Cheeham, by Grand Flaneur —Lady Chester, S st 10 lb. (Hibertson)... 2 Blackwood's eh c Aglaos, by Apreuiont— Aglaia, S st. 10 lb. (Power) 3 Stockton's b c Kingfisb, by Piscatorious —Yattenna, Bst 10 lb. (McGrade) ... 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's b c First Consul, by Gang Forward—Josephine, 8 st 10 lb. (W. O'Brien) 0 Hon. J. White* br c Volcano, by Chester- Etna 8 st. 7 lb. (Ellis) ... 0 Long's c f MaddeUna, by Neckarsgat—Meg Manilas, 8 st 5 lb. (Colley) 0 Betting—9o to 40 on Trident, 100 to 20 against MaddeUna, 100 to 7 each Chesham, tint Consul, and Volcano. 100 to 5 Aglaop, and 100 to 4 Kingfish. When the horses came out for the Derby both MaddeUna and First Consul were fraction*, the latter breaking away three times, and nearly pulling O'Brien' out ot the sallle. Chesham had the inside position, and tben were Trident, Aglaoa, Kingfish, First Consul, and MaddeUna, Volcano being on the extreme outside. The field seemed a troublesome one, and Trident launched out with hii heels and kicked the rafls. When the sigoal was (liven Chesham made an eager dash, and ?ms first to show in front, with Kingtish and V,t cano close on to him, the last to get on his Uga being First Consul. Volcano quickly gained \ the front and made the running round the river bend, with Chesham, Kingfish, Mad delina, Aglaos, and Trident following, and - Fiist Consul half a dosen lengths in the rear. The pace was a "docker," and the field began to open out Volcano being three lengths ahead of Ohecham, off whom two lengths was Kingtish and Maddelina, and three lengths behind her came Trident, with Aglaos and First Consul at greater intervals. Passing the bridge Volcano led Chesham by three lengths, and the others were slightly dosing up near to the abattoirs. The same positions were main tained at tfae sheds, but Chesham had de creased the gap between himself and the leader, although Volcano was going very strongly next the rails. Maddelina, who had just pre viously been running kindly, now showed aigns of compounding, but the tail of the hunt re mained the same as before. Midway between the sheds and the home turn Volcano suddenly came into collision with the rails and nearly unshipped his riders Chesham rushed clear past him and gained a strong lead, bat Trident was. interfered with by Volcano, who swerved outwards from the fence. Fortunately the favorite got clear, and went in pursuit of Cheeham, who had turned into the straight a clear ux lengths ahead of the favorite. Kingfish then passed MaddeUna, and waa in turned passed by Aglaos, bit all the interest in the other ?ni"niilq was lost by every eye being centred on Che*ham and the favorite. Doom the straight they came, Chtsham so far ahead that it looked like a guinea to a gooseberry that he must win, when Hales, sitting down with whip and spurs, urged the favorite to his utmost speed, and gradually and surely decreased the gap between himself and Choabam, who had been getting quite enough of it and was tiring badly. Trident answering gamely to the call that was made on him came up alongside ami then pasted Cheaham amidst the wildest excitement, winning by two lengths, Aglaos being twenty length away third. First Consul fouith, Kinjrfiali three lengths further behind, filth, and then Maddetina and Volcano at intervals. Time, 2 mm. 39 sec. The following is a list of the winners of the Victoria Derby:— Tr. I Ouuer. j Wiuncr. . Bidtr. Th^ic. UeoC.Wataon 'Flying Colors Tracey "i *2 ISSCI Dowliu" jCuxlen Morrison -J 53 1662Hwper !Btrwon Waldock. 259 l£?BL?njr 'OriiUmme Uag 3 :i ibUiH.fieber ;Lantern Simpson 253 15651 H. Fisher lAogier Redman i 51 JtaG.'H. Fisher Seaj.oii! Monrisoa 3 i I&S7J.; Tait Fireworks Staiik'y i 5d ltesU. Tait 'FSreworh Stanley' 253 l&ewtfoffat; |My Dream Dully . StS 16C9JH. Fisher Charon iMorriaon '2 55 IE7OJ. Tait jFlorenoe 'Stanley . 3 v lbtlLj. Wilson Ui?) Jessie J. Wilaoo ; 2 it) lfcTiW. Winch ;Ump Carou ,T. Broun .i ta li-73 W. Filgate fLanMist IL Grubb '2 51 1674 J. Tait ?Mdboume Xsbworth ' ? t6\ IKb DcU<strr Rot-in Uood UeoneUy : ! i% H7t t. Wilson \Briteia T. liakw i i? IbTTJ. White <%ester V. Hjfott : 2 45 1^ Jobncoo-Boe ,Wellittgton ,1L Gn?io i 47 lfcTt B. Hcmie {Sunrrow R. Walker , £ 43 lt*< W. A. Long: 'Grand Flaneur T. titles 2 U ItSI F. F. Dakia 'Danbin Porer 1 lit lt&? Dellesbv Navuator T Hale* ? 2 41$ 1&? i. White Harttu-Ucnh WtUiam* < 239 IS^ H. Jacobs i?ofna :U.O'Btien 2 41} It*: J. White , N'ordenfeld* £U? itbi IN-i I. White jmdrnt dales 2 S8 PKMamaonn" ?'ix\e?. I : I n^m. Bustard j j B?to? On-memare ; r*itlifm^in ! ? I — J I ?Baron ?£?**~~ Fi£ sto*-??u | ... — j| jrocahentas g^^ :, ?— f—^^ — tf j The Sabob ? ?- Heater CaLmt'' j J jUeny Sas? 1 i= ; Monaitfa Ow HariTatioe '*.p Princess { —— = i \>uc<:a JSlia |! | Charlotte Charlotte West i-| ! Fattow?uok ?££ j |?.i?aUte I — j I !*-?- v^sl, fcEILINO BACK. A eweepstakes of 3 aovs. each, 1 ft, with 150 added. For three-year-olds and upwards. Weight for age. The winner to be sold for £150; 7 lb. allowed forevery £50 redaction in selling price (wbieh must be stated at time of entry). Sena furlong*. B. Howie's br h Huron, 4 yrs., 7 st. 7 H>. (Howie) 1 J. G. Eeid's eh g The Ghust, 7 st. 5 lb. (Gory) _ 2 £. K. Maitland's SUffojJ, 7 st. "> lb. (Fiddei.) 3 W. A. FUgate's eh h Tlie liiron, 5 yn. (Fagg) 0 If. Oxenbam's be I' liiU?tou, aged (Harrix) 0 A. Davis's di g Louif, 5 yrs., (Cleas'iy) ... 0 S. Nathan's eh m Stratgntehot, 5 yrs. (WOlsamson) 0 T. Henty's b g Royeterer), 3 yrs. (Page) 0 Betting—Level money The Ghost, 4 to 1 Stafford. sto 1 Ellington, 8 to 1 Huron, 10 to 1 Straightshot. Huron and The Ghost led off. but w?re Boon displaced by Stafford, who led by two lengths past the shed*, Huron then came up and took the lead, and bad little difficulty in disposing of the others, as he won by a length and a quarter easily, there being more than two lengths between The Ghost and Stafford. Ellington was eight lengths off fourth, and Tbo Baron finished fifth. Time, 1 mio. 25 ere. The winner was bought in for 1230, the whole of which went to the club. COBITMS STAKES. A handicap sweepstakes of 5 snve. each, I ft, with 200 added. Second bora to receive £0 soy*. out of the stake. For three-year-olds scd upwards. Winner of any handicap value 75 eovs. or upwards after declaration of weights to carry 7 lb. extra. One mile and a furlong. G. Da vis's b c Day Star, 3 yrs., by Mincing"^ —Grace Darling, 6st. 3 lb. (Williams) ... 1 T. Coney's br h St. John, <i yrs., 7 st. 12 lb. (Williamson) 2 S. Martin's b g Hogmanay, aged, 7 st. 5 lb. (Bobertaon) 3 S. Willums's eh h William Tell, 6 yrs., 9at. Clb(OW B ) 0 R. Donovan's b or br h Dunlop, 4 yrs., 9 et. (Ssndrro) 0 E. W. Ellis's cb h Lord WUton, 6 yrs., 8 st. ?lb. (Campbell) 0 if. Locke's b g Satyr, G yrs., 8 st. 4 lb. — . (Fagg) 10 E. Orris b h Recall, 4 yrs., 8 st. 2 lb. |*w (Power) 0 ' C. Wilson's b m Gardenia, aged, 7 et. 12 lb. £? (O'Brien) 0 J. D. Robertson's b f The Nun, 3 yra., 7 st. 12 lb. (Fidde*) 0 C. S. AgDew'e eh m FocahonUs, aged, 7 st, ? * 10 lb. (Hutcbins) 0 W. A.Lor>g'echhTheAg?nt, aged, 7st.B \i lb. (J. Beuce) 0 C. Coilins'B eh c Newmaster, 3 yrs., 7 st. S ?? lb. (including 2 lb. over) (Trahan) ... 0 J. G. Reid's b or br f Gadfly, 3 yrs., 1 st. 5 *-lb. (Gorry) 0 A. Halinbourg's eh h Albanus, 4 yra., 7 st. 3 ib. (Cox) 0 T, Reunison's b g Maroney, aged, 7 et. 2 '< lb. (Eamage) 0 Hon. J. Eale's br g Myall King, aged, 7 st. 1 lb. <Hux!ey) 0 i H. Matthew's br g Goldlake, 5 yrs., C at: 131b. (Gongb) 0 J. WDcon, jun.'s b c The Fobber, 3 yrs., <> *t. C lb. (McDonnell) 0 S. Gardiner's far f Rosary, 3 yra , 6 at. 3 lb. ! (Tomlin) 0 ' Betting—3 to 1 against The Nun, 7to 1 { Goldlake, 8 to 1 Gardenia, Agent, and St. John, 10 to 1 Pocahontas, William Tell, and Dunlop, 20 to 1 Day Star. Betting—3 to 1 against The Nan, 7to 1 Goldlake, 8 to 1 Gardenia, Agent, and St. John, 10 to 1 Pocahontae, William Tell, and Dunlop, 20 to 1 Day Star. When the nag fell William Tell dashed away with the lead, having two or three lengths tfae best of it, and wa? joined at the abattoirs by Pocahontas, the pair leading Maroney, Newmaster, and others. It lojkei as though Pocahontas or Tell most win until Day Star came out with a great run in .the straight, and, being joined by St. John, the pair raced home together, Day Star winning by a head; Hogmanay was a close third. Time, 1 mm. &7J sec. Biidc&tcher; (tiir Herculea GniccioU leBajcm ! Echidna . [Economist UiwPntt I Glencoe Sultan (Trampoline 1 I g to Pocafaontas Sbrpesss Mnley CJare Orlando Splitvote ITouchstone Vulture Camel Buitcr Lang&r; Kite Bedbuuite Eiizk Leeds Election tUualord mare St. Luke Electress Beadsman jWeatberbit Meudicut [Sheet Anchor jatiasLetty 1 Touchstone uuijUooreCanw t= tadame Eglantine Cowl Bay Middleton Crucifix a .E Divereion Defence Folly IChevalier d'ludustrie Orlando IToucbstone (Paiture I Priam i Industry Abbess of Covernam Augur Birdcatcber JBiicluiame Gladiator iHorasea mare Abbess of Jervaui 