IN THE DARK. It is the strangest and most unic countable thing I ever knew. I don’t think I am superstitious, but I can’t help fancying that—’ I'ihel left the sentence unfinished, ■wrinkling her brows in. a thoughtful frown as she gazed into the depths of of her empty teacup. ‘ What has happened 1 I enquired, glancing up from the money article of the lini't at my daughter’s pretty, puzzled f ice. 1 Nothing uncanny, I hope You haven’t discovered that a “ ghost ’is included among the fixtures of our new house T This new house, The Cedars, was a pretty, old fashioned riverside villa between Richmond and Kew, which I had taken furnished as a summer resi dence, and to which we had only just removed Let me state, m parenthesis, by way of introducing myself to the reader, that I John Dys.ut, am a widower with onechild—the blue-eyed, fair eyedynung lady who sat opposite to me at the hreakfist table that bright June morn ing—and that I have been foi many years the manager of an old-established life insurance company in the city ‘ What is the mystery I repeated, as Ethel did not reply bhe came out of her brown study, and looked at me impressively. ‘lt really is a mystery, papa, and the more I think of it the more puzzled I am ’ ‘lam in the dark at present as to what “ it” may be,’ I reminded her. Something that happened last night ion know that adjoining my bedroom there is a large, dark closet, which can e used as a box or a storeroom V I had forgotten the fact, bat I will take vour word for it Well. Ethel V Well, last night I was restless, and it 'tas some hours before I could sleep 'then at last 1 did so I bad a strange ream about that closet. It seemed th.it ay m bed I heard a noise within, as someone were knocking at the door, 1,l chlld s voice, broken by sobs, cry ”g piteously, “Let me out, let me out nn o tbat S ()t ou t of ned and Pue he door, and then>, crouching all a eap against the wail, was a little J: P re Uy, pale little fellow of sis or e en, looking half wild with fright. At we same moment I woke ’ And 10, it was a dream!’ I finished If that is all, Ethel—’ L U IB not .’ she interposed ‘ The t>l H eSl ' P arfc the story has to come, w L T m t WaS 80 vmd that when I wards ln bed a,ld looked to to hear ° Set donr , almost expecting mav h, 6 sounds a S a,n Paps, you thatld.dT me ,° r not > but ulB a fact and it 6ar tbetD> Ihe muffled knock- the p ,t,fui cfy ABlhBtenedit Ed T r \ ndf ‘ Unter - and at length ’ lhen I door 8 Th 88t ° Ut ° f bed and °P en tbe the place ei w Wa - no llvin § creature m Jaded t not mystenousr she J Wh.at can it mean V fB id A? her Wlth a Bmile as 1 re ch-tir P a P er rose from my 10,1 “ “endyrmfor L fc me recom ' C “® b /ratdmE/ Urenot t 0 £at C “' fc AS’ sho iuterr upted «I was 1 heard tbe cbild ’ 3 >n ®y life ’ 33 eVec heard a sound i j J dld,lc you call me f ceaTed-Tut Jf 0 / 111 the SOund come into tif 0 ' j^ eailtlme suppose t1,r0 4 P ntrr ? co “i d Some days passed away and we began to feel quite at home in oar new quar ters I A more delightfnl summer retreat than The Cedars coaid hardly be imagined, 1 with its cool dusky rooms, from which 1 the sunlight was excluded by the screen of foliage outside, its treilised verandah overgrown with creepers, and its smooth lawn, shaded by the rare old cedar trees which gave the place its name. Our friends soon discovered its at tractions, and took care that we should not stagnate for want of society. We kept open house j lawn tennis, garden parties, and boating excursions were the order of the day. It was glorious sum mer weather, the days warm and golden, the nights starlit and still. One night, having some important letters to finish, I sat up writing after all the household was in bed. The window was open, and at intervals I glanced up from my paper across the moonlit lawn, where the shadows of the cedars lay dark and motionless. Now and then a great downy moth would flutter in and hover round the shaded lamp ; now and then the swallows under the eaves uttered a faint, sleepy chirp. For all other signs and sounds of life I might have been the only watcher in all the sleeping world. I had only finished my task, and was jast closing my writing desk, when 1 heard a hurried movement in the room above —Ethel’s. Footsteps descended the stairs, and the next moment the diningroom door opened and Ethel ap peared in a long white dressing gown, with a small night lamp in her hand. There was a look on her face which made me start np and exclaim—‘What is the matter? What has happened V She set down the lamp and came to ward me. ‘ I have heard it again,’ she breathed, laying her hand on my wrist. ‘You have heard— what I *’ ‘ The noise in the bedroom.’ I stared .it her a moment in bewilder ment, and then half smiled ‘ Oh, is that it ?’ I exclaimed in a tone of relief ‘You have been dreaming again, it seems ’ ‘I have not been asleep at all,’she replied. ‘ The sounds have kept me awake. They are louder than the first time; the child seemed to be sobbing and crying as if bis heart would break. It is miserable to hear it ’ • Have you looked inside V I asked, impresed in spite of myself by her manner. ‘No, I dared not tonight. I was afraid of seeing—something,’ she re turned, with a shiver. ‘ Come, we must get to the bottom of this mystery,’ I said cheerfully, and taking np the Limp, I led the way np stairs to her room. As the door of the myterious closet was level with the wall and papered like it, I did not perceive it till Ethel pointed it out. I listened with my ear close to it, but heard not the faintest sound, and after waiting a moment threw it open and looked in. holding the lamp so that every corner was lighted. It was a cramped, close, airless pi ice, the ceiling (which was immediately below the upper staircase) sloping at an acute angle to the floor. A glance showed me that it contained nothing but a broken chair and a couple of empty boxes Slightly shrugging my shoulders, I closed the door. ‘Your ghost is wt et prateiea nihil it seems,’ I remarked dryly. ‘ Don’t you think, Ethel, you may have been— ’ Ethel held up her hands, motioning me to silence, ‘ Hark >’ she whispered, ‘ there it is .ig tin ' But it is dying away now Listen —’ 1 cnmp'ied, half inficted by her excite ment, but within and without the house a'l was profoundly still •There—it has ceased,’ she said at length, drawing a deep breath. “ You heard it, did you not V Ishoikray head. ‘My dear Ethel, there was nothing to hear’ She opened hei blue eyes to their widest ‘ Papa—am I not to believe the evi dence of my own senses V ‘ Not when they are affected by ner vous excitement. If you give way to this fancy, you will certainly make your self ill. See how you tremble 1 Come, lie down again and try to sleep ’ ‘Not here,’ she returned, glancing round with a shudder. ‘ I shall go to the sp ire chamber. Nothing would induce me to spend another night in this chamber ’ I said no more but I felt perplexed and uneasy. It was so unlike Ethel to indulge in superstitious fancies that I began to fear she must be seriously out of health, and I resolved for my own satisfaction to have a doctor’s opinion regarding her It happened that our nearest neighbor wis a phytoenn, whom I knew by re pute, though not person illy acqu tinted with him After breaklast, without mentioning my intention to my and inghter, I sent a note to Dr Cameron, request mg him to call at his earliest conveui ence. He came without delay, a till gray bearded man of middle age, with a grave, intelligent face, observant eyes and sympathetic manner. His patient received him with undis guised astonishment, and on learning that he had called at my request, she gave me a look of mute reproach ‘ I am sorry that papa troubled you, Dr Cameron. There is really nothing whatever the matter with me,’ she said And, indeed, at that moment, with flushed cheeks and eyes even brighter than usual, she looked as little like an invalid as could well be imagined. ‘My dear Ethel,’ I interposed, ‘when people take to dreaming startling dreams, and hearing sipern.itural sounds, it is a sign of sometling wrong either in mind or body—a l I am sure Dr Cameron will tell you,’ The doctor started perceptbly. ‘ Ab, is that Miss Dysart’s ease ? le enquired, turning to her with a sudebn look ,of interest i She colored and hesitatel. ‘ I have had a strange experience, which considers a delusion. I dacaay you will fae of the same opmion.’ 1 * Suppose you tell me wlat it was ?’ he suggested. ' She was silent, trifling with one of her silver bangles. ' ‘Please excuse me,’ sie said, hur riedly, at length. * I don’j-caro to speak of it; but papa will tell ytu.’ And, be fore I could detain her, sbebad hurriedly left the room. When wo were left alone he turned to me inquiringly, and in a few words I re lated to him what the reader already knows. He listened without interrup tion, and, when I had finished, sat for some moments without speaking, thought fully striking his beard. Be was evidently impressed by what he had heard, and 1 waited anxiously for his opinion. At length he looked np. ‘Mr Dysart,’ he said gravely, ‘yon will be surprised to learn that your daughter is not the first who has had this strange “experience.” Previous tenants of The Cedars have heard ex actly the sounds which she describes.’ I pushed my chair back half a yard in my astonishment. ‘ Impossible!’ He nodded emphatically. ‘lt is a fact, though I don’t pretend to explain it. These strange manifesta tions have been noticed at intervals for the last three or four years ; ever since the house was occupied by a Capt. Van deleur, whose orphan nephew— ’ ‘Vandelenrl’ I interrupted; ‘why, he was a client of ours. He insured his nephew’s life in our office for a large amount, and— ’ ‘ And a few months afterwards the child suddenly and mysteriously died,’ my companion put in. ‘ A singular coin cidence, to say the least of it ’ ‘So singular,’ I acquiesed, ‘ that we thought it a case for enquiry, particu larly as the ex captain did not bear the best of characters, and was known to be over head and ears in debt. But lam bound to say that after the closest in vestigation nothing was discovered to suggest a suspicion of foul play.’ ‘Nevertheless there had been foul play,’ was the doctor’s reply. ‘ You don’t mean that he murdered the boy !—that pretty, fragile looking little fellow—’ (To be continued ) 