Sunday Reading. The Anchor of Hope. Br Bit. Abchibald G. Biovrv. Proaohed in tho But London Tabernaole, Bow, on behalf of the Seamen's Christian Friend Society, on 'Xhnrtday, May 20. Which hope we have u an anchor ol the aoal, bath aura and steadfast, and which entoreth into that within the veil.—Hebrews vi., 19. I A41 advertised to preach thia evening a special sermon to sailors. Notice the preposition, please—a sermon to sailors, not a sermon about tailors, not a sermon oh behalf of sailors, bat a sermon to sailors; and thereiu, I think, lies somewhat of a difficulty. It would be comparatively easy to preach a sermon about sailors to a congregation of landemen, becauso if 1 made mistakes, they woald not know it, and if I knew little, perhaps they might know less. But I am dowj to preach to sailors, and therefore I ask the general congregation that is hero this evening to bear this in miod, and if I d > not seem to t>e speaking innch to yjU, please remember that I w»i not asked to speak to you but to the sons of the ocoan who havo come here from all pirta. You are here, and we are very glad to see you, but the audience wa havo to deal with is this magnificent company of tailors. I am so glad to sea that wa have them here and in each goodly nombere. I am not quite enre, but I believe that it would have been easier if this had b.en my first sailors' sermon. I should havo hid mire texts to choose from and had I been in any difficulty, I could hive fallen ba:k on the 27th chapter of tho Acts, for I expect nine sailors out of 10 who are here have hardly over yet gone to a sailors* ssrvice bnt what it has been the 27th chapter of the Acts that has bsen given out as containing tho text. But I cannot do that to night, became I have preachod to you before from it. What with yonr good friend, Mr. Hill, coming to us so persistently from time to time, we are becoming almost accustomed to standing before a sailor congregation. We ought by this time to have got on our sea legs somewhat In days past we preached to you on the sailor's beBt creed fer a stormy night at sea. Then the text was, "I believe God." Then peihsps eome of you remember that we talked lo you about the best freight a ship could carry. Our text was then, " And they took Jesus, even as He was into the ship." Not verymaDy months ago we were trying to speak to you from " shoal waters." We tri. d to help you to heave oat the lead, and ate whereabouts you were, oar text then beirg out of that very use ful Acts xxvii, " And tbe~seamen deemed that they drew nigh to some country." Then only a week or too ago we were •peaking to the sailors again, and our subject was the Board of Trade arrangements for tne saving of life, and we tried to extract some spiritual lessons from that. And now yonr good f iend, Mr. Hill, has asked me to "preach to you again, so I have tried to find a text that may be said to be a sailor's text. But it suite me very well, and I am no tailor except for to-night, and it will suit all Hod's children who are he.-e —" Which hope we have ae an anchor of the eonl, both sure and steadfast, and which enlereth into that within the veil" Yon will oboerre that this text it f ir diff. rent from any on which wo have tried to preach fagfore. It is not a ship tempest-tossed, driven, and half a wreck. It is not the ship grinding on the rocks, but is a ship—cirrcc'. me if I am wrong—that is all snug aboard, and just riding at anchor. She may roll, she may pitch, she may put her nose under, but she is safe. There is no fear on board, and there is no danger without, and I think I cau h-ar tho mariners ting an evening hymn before turning in for the night—of course, leaving the wa'ch on the lookout—and I hear them sing. When darkness veils His lovely face, I rest on His unchanging grace. In every high and Btormy gale My anchor holds within the real. How, I shall ask you to note three things. I can imagine tome of you saying, " There jou are, jnst like a parson—yon most have yonr j divisions." Well, I cannot get on unlets I do, ao please pot np with it, and perhaps you will be able better to bear the subject in mind. Jfirstiy, I shall ask you to look at the anchor, ! then at the anchor let go, and then at the ship as she rides at anchor I.Let its, then, first of nil note the acohor It is nscessary to have a very clear idea as lo what the Holy Ghost means b/ the word hope. { The writer says, " Which hope we have us an anchor." Now scholar- differ somewhat as to the exact meaning of this word hopo D i-» it mean the snhjec of the hope, tho matter of the hope, or the grace of hope ? Now. tboso of you who have Biblet, look at the previous versr, and you will sre that we have the word topi there —"lhat by two immutab'e things, in which it wae impo-sible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fird for refuge to iv hold npon the hopes t before us." then he adds, " Which hops we have as an anchor of the sooL" Now, I believe lhat the two hoprs do sot mean precisely the same thing. In the 18th verse it: is a hope' that is set before us; in that verse I have God's promise. God's promise is the bssis of my hope—Christ Him aclf is the pbject of my hope. ' Hut, then, having that promise, there comes into my heart the grace of hope. That which the Apostle meant here is somethicg far mors than the oosnmon notion that we attach to tb* word , hope. I do not think I shall be goipr too far whtm I lay that nothing is more advwpe to the Scriptural idea of the word hope tfcna the meauing wo generally iutoud by it. iu our ordinary conversatioi liopo is something Ioji t han faith; in Soriptare it is something more Take the word hope as it is generally used, and | it is n sort of first cousin to desp iir, or faith in a fainting fit. But in the Scripture hope is something more than faith; it is faith at hoc Tcry best; it is frith tiiat has developod intJ confidence; for as good old Dr. Owen aiya of this passage, it is elsewhere 'spoken of by the Apostle as confidence on full assurance. I am certain if this word means nothing else than we generally mean by the word hope, thero can never be any strong consolation for us. Hope with us is a sort of dubious, doubtful expecta tion of something that may or may not be. I said just now it was something less than faith; and is not it? You hear a person say in answer to the question: "How is he?" " WelJ, we hope he will recover "—that is little; removed from ordering a coffin. Or, you m\y say: " How is he going on—is there any change in lump" 11 Well, I hope so," is the answer, which is just equivalent to saying: "I do not think so." How, if a person says concerning another's health: " I belisvo he will get well," that is something more than saying : "I hope he will;" and to say : "I bslieve a man is all right" is a far higher testimony than to say " I hope he is " - But in Scripture the reverie is true ; hope is something more than believing. It is faith developed into a full assuranco. Bo when tho Apostle speaks of hope it is not of that kind which s^ys : " Well, I hope I may get to heaven, but I do not much think I shall," but it if of the kind which says: "I; know that lam safe; I know that my Fore-, runner has entered within the veil for me ; I know that God's promiso and God's oath to gether do ensure my eternal salvation; and this hope is the anchor that is hung at the bows of my ship." I want to read you just a few passages which wi.l lot you see in a moment what style of hope is intended here. In Romans iv., IS. I read of Abraham 11 who against hope believed in hope." How did be do that? Because, I read, a few versss further oo, he was "fully persuaded that what'God had promised He was able also to perform j" so that there the ^ope was abopo that sprang from being fully persuaded. In Bomans viii., 24, you read that "we aro save! by hope: but hope that is soon is not Hope; for what a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for ? But if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it." There is no doubt abiufc it now; it is a.hope that has not a shad)w of doubt; it is a hops that says: "I know it is coming, ther.fore I need not fret nor fame.; I can just wait patiently for it." In Bomans xii, 12, I read: 11 Bejric'mg in hope." But that is not tbo sort of hopo wa just referred to —the hope of the mother that her hoy will get well, but only such a hope that it briog'a tear iato her eye as she talks about it. Ho; tint is not tho kind of hope which is here meant;. it. is a hope that puts a ripple oi laughter ai o/er the face, and mikes the mind glal.; it it a rc joiciaghope; it is that hope that I read of in lL Thessiilouians ii., 16—it is "a ood hope," licked with "everlasting consolation." v How, the anchor jnust be made of the right stuff. One writer has said that ."anchor*: making is very important work." I shou1d imagine it was; aod .I should eav wee to the a.ichor smith who: tampere t with, the i material oi the anchor. Why is it if infinite importance that the anchor should be right in its material ? Because there are times wheo the life. of cap* tain, mates, crew, passengers wi'l all depend upen whether the anchor is made of the right stuff or not. Cast iron anchors won't do ; they must be made of the best material, well wrought and welded; and I think I am cor* rect in saying that in all our naval establish ments there is an arrangement tor testing every anchor; and when it is proven it receives the Government mark I kno w that the anchor of which we are speaking to-night is true, bocauee thero is heaven's own mark upon it —" sure and steadfiet." Better, my reir fellows, hav.i no hope at all than hare a baione; better be without hope than placo confidence in a Ms? one 1 would ro>rer be like the Dutchman that every »iilo? has heard of, who went to look for his anchor when a storm came oo and found he had left it at home —and so the miss ing anchor is always known among sailors as the DU'Chi^an's anchor -than have a falso one that would deceive me until the very moment when it Was tried, and then fail me when it was too U'o to be rectified. Do any of you •sy: "What should our anchor of hopi be made of?" I wi-1 tell you. Go and get a whole number of "Tbus saith the Lord" and weld them well together; for the only anchor worth anything is that anchor of hope the very material of which is " God has said." I be* liove th* b:st smithy for making an anchor ii tho empty sepulchre ju«fc outside Jerusalem. Go into that sepulchre wh*r« o oe the body of Christ lay; it is emplymow; there fashion thy anohor, " begotten unto a living hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead" How, with the anchor g>es the chain, apd I cannot separate between the two. I know that s me hare, said that hope i« the anchor, and faith is the cable. Wei1.,, it may be so, but you cannot really < separate between faith and hope. Fai*,h culminates in hops, and if fai'h does not lead to hope, it is not worth anything, and on the oth^r hand, I cannot imagine a hope that is worth anything that dors not come from faith, so I take cable and anchor as one And I remark here that the anchor mu<t have its cable, and the cable to be worth anything must have an anchor. I think, dear friends, that in my time I have come across some , who had a chain, but ther j was no anchor at.tho end of it. They did believe-at least, they said sj, and who are we that we should dare to ques tion their veracity P They do believe, for if they believe nothing else, they believe they have some doubt*, and I have seen them always paying out the cable, and saying, " I believe, I oelieve," and 'yet somehow they have nothing at the end to grip. , There is the chain, but it will drag over 100 promises without laying lioicL of a . solitary ono. ..They hive faith, «o they say, but somehow or olhor it is not the faith that ovor grips the Word of Goil suffi ciently to bring their vessels round. Are you one' of those ? Do you know what it is to say, " I believe," and yet your cable goes drugging over leagues ,oC good auohorage.ground, but laying hold of nothing? -What yon need, man, is ah anchor at tho ehd of your cable, something that has got a Quite that digs right down into that promise of God and says, " f mean to hold you"—that faith whlob, if X may so put it, buries itself right down ia the very bowels of the Word of God, and holds on like grim death, and brings a man right round to face the storm. The Lord save u's from that sort of that faith which is like a cable without any anohor at the end. . But on the other hand, I do not think the an chor would be very much use, unless thsre was a cable attached to it. What would you think if in time of storm the captain said, "Overboard with thoanohor," and overboard it goes. Thero is an: end of it. There is no connection what ever between the anchor and tho ship. An anchor thrown overboard without a cable is as j much use as a osblo thrown over without an anchor. I am afraid at the present day there is a great deal of baseless hope—hope that is worth nothing,. a hops that' God in His* groat morcy ■ will- somehow or -other - get us into heaven, dome people havo such a big hops. I think they call if a larger hops. Theirahip loots all anchor, but when it is cast overboard, it fltals upon the surface. 'There is no weight in it, it never gets down to what God has said. How, if my anohor is to be worth anything, it must ha attached to a chain, an anchor that goes right down into tho eternal verities of God. : It. Now, for a moment I want you to eee tho anchor let go.—Our hope, like other anchors, is of no use as long as we, can see it; as long as the anohor is elung at tho bows, it is doing nothing. You wohld think that man a lunatic who should Bay, " I always feel so safe when I can see the anohor." You would think that captain an imbecile who should say, " I always think my ship is safe whan I havo my anchor on deck " The real worth of the anchor begins when it is thrown overboard. The ship that is drawing noar a leo-ahoro will never be saved by somebody looking at the anchor. That which saves it is the dropping the anchor over and letting it grip. I havo met so many people in my life who arc always looking at their faith, instead of their faith laying hold of God. Now, when ths anchor is let go it goes out of sight. May I ray, without any want of reverence, that every ship's anohor enters within the veil —it passes through tfce watory veil and grips .that beyond ? All jcu know is thii: the cable holds the ship, the anohor holds the cable, but that which holds the anchor you see not. The ooean bed holds tho at cbor, and the anchor liolns you. Now, you will observe, if you look into ray text, my nnchor onters into that within the veil. I wish I had the power for a moment to give you a glimpse within the veil and see where the anohor is. If you were lo havo passed through the veil of tho tabernaolo you would have seen an oblong chert—that was all; and on top of that oblong cliest a slab of gold exae.ly ooveriog it. If yon had looked inside that chettyou would have found two tablcB of atone containing the law, written by tho finger of God. That was called .tho mercy- seat These, you will see, was mercy based on jus lice; peace reposing on righteousness; a divine salvation resting on thepsdeelal of accomplished law j that was all that was w.thio the veil; and, says Paul in our text, "Which hope we have aa an anchor of the soul which enterdh " —now, I always find that nine people out ot lOquototbis text wrongly; they say, "which entereth into that within tho veilin other words, the mercy seat—God's mercy based on righteousness, or, if you like to put it so, Christ Himself 'Jhat is where the anohor of our hope has gripped; and Paul uies hero a ro maTkable expression ii tho 17th vorse. Be says, " Wherein God, willing more abundantly to show unto the heirs of promise tho immuta bility of His couosel, confirmed it by an' oath." Here is the promise, there is the oath ; and I raid to n.jsetf this morning, " My anchor is jammed right down between the two —God's eternal promise and God's most solemn oath; and my anchor is dropped right between the two, and the two flukes of my anchor grip both.'' Why, when ooce the anchor has a real grip of the ocean bed, lot the wind blow as it mty that anchor seems to say: ' I won't move; I'll pull up the very floor of the ocean first." I say, if your anohor has its flukos into ihit which is is within tho veil -nam lv, the promise and the oath of a covenant- keeping God, then the very throne of God mn»t ghato btfore you can be driven oa the rocks, 'jhe anchor of our hope is not dragging through the qui -ksandsof our poor, wrotcho-i feelings, but clutching an inviolable oath. Nj *, for a mo ment note this. Am I not ri^ht in saying that ithe mare ths ship drags a-, the cable the inoro fixed becomes the anchor? 1 liavo no doubt if it wore povlblr to follow the anchor down, and i see through the green wa'er, wo should see that for a moment or two when it flnt roachos . the bottom it d ags along; but now it turns the right way up and the fluke goto into.tlie ground; now tho-, ship pull away I pull away 1 you are only driving tho anohor deeper and doeper in ; the more you tng tho more you make'tbose mighty flukes cat their way into the aolid foun dation of the ocean. Ah! wlicu first my soul trusted Christ and I dropped mi anchor, I do. not think it had a very firm'hold; but erery strain on it has drivoo it doep r. It is always so, for if you look in Bomaos v. you will see that "experience leads to hope" The more a man trusts God the better he knows flod, and the belter he knows God the more he trusts Him. He learns toeing: " My heart is fixed on Gad, my heart, ia fits a." III. I have tried to -show you the anchor age; now look at the ship riding at.anchor.— One thing I. observe is, that though she is anchored, she does hot neoeeisrily escape roll ing, nor her passengers escape siokneu. Do not think you MS hot a' Christian bscanie you do not Always onjpy. a perfect calm, nor doubt your anchorage became inward conflict has nut ceased. A ship may strain at tho anchor-ay, she may pitch and roll and hare many a breaker come over hor deoks she would eioapa were sho not anchored. There may be 'oon eidorablo discomfort while there is no danger. Many souls as well as ships are unohored in tho "downs"? I hare very often been anchored iu them—down in heart, down in spirit, down in hoslth, down in joy j yet, thank God! I was anchored there, not drifting. If ■omo of you dear sailor friends are in "the do ens," depressed in spirit, perturbed in soul, tossed to and fro in heart, I hops you will get a blessing. Tour anohor holds if the ship rolls. I notice, too, that when'a ship is at anohor she always faoes the tide. I was travelling recrntly, on the Chatham and Dover Bailway, and just as we approached Whitstable we obtained a glimpse of the sea, ani I said to a fellow pas senger: "The tide is ooming in." "How can' you know that P " he asked. " Why," I re-, plied, "it's the simplest thing . _ in the world; look at the boats that are anchored there, and see which way theyfaoe; anohorrd oraft al ways faoe the tide." Ay, and so will it be with you; if you know what it is to have'your' anchor gripping that which it within the veil you won't bo a man who is afraid to'look the World in the face. ' The ship swings round with the tide and seems to say: " 1 am not to be oaught; whichever way you come you will meet my bow." These are the sort of Christians wo want at the present time—men who are so anchored on to God, who aro ss filled with Hit spirit, and who have ao bright a hooe within them that thoy must faoe tho ruu of the tide of this world. Aro you drifting, brother? are you giving up going to Bethel meetings— are', you beginning to give up prayer meeting!; are ' you dropping off from those red hot Methodist friends you once liked ? If so, I think it would be well for you,' to-night, .just to ask yourself: " Am I anohored?" A ship that does not face the tide gives strong reason for doubting her. being at anchor. God give you grace, just to face the world and look its running tide in the eyo; and say: Ton may come this way or that way, and try to get round mo; but you will always find my bows cleaving you." ■ Dear friend, are you unsaved ? Am 1 talking to some one who is drifting, drifting, drifting on to a' lee shore? Ob, throw out the anchor! Dare, to believe! Do you say "Believe what." Why believe what Gcd says, and grip it? Here is - some splendid anchorage in this Book; oaonot you drop your anchor and trust ? " This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acoeptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save ►inners." "Ho that cometh unto Mis I will in,' no wise east out." I would to God that some, of you might just lay hold of some of thesis blessed words. Grasp them and ride at anohor until the eternal day dawns. Oh ! if same of yon would but, trnal Christ; let go your anchor and dare to be saved, by what you cannot see. Let the anchor go right down out of eight, until it grips what Jehovah hath said, and becomes embedded in His oaths and promises. A dying■ s tilor was near his ond, and the death sweat stood upon his brow.' A friend ssid, " Well, mate, how is it. with you now ?" The dying man, with a smile, made an-wer: "The anohor holds, the anchor holds,'1 God grant that every one of you may be ab'.'e to say this, for. Hta name's sake, Amen. 