Li, r\, ? Wovclist. \P.iST ASUNDER. " ' v ,;LADY CASTLEMAINli'S DIVORCE. t ' x jC' V 'AUTUOK OF "MS ONE MISTAKE," ' < TMBOWN ON ?THE WOKD,", V' " <<A S? 00 " 5 *'OK A IUNO," ATOSEMISST,"' ETC. : * CIIAPTE it LL.—Continued.) i't"' " It ia not my fault; I have written to yon /, I have nuked you to oora'a and Bee ma. I have ; a8ked if I oould not eeo you in London " " I eeo no one! I go nowhere," Bald Lord Castlomaine, hastily. " Now I loo 1: at you, I think you aro n littlo changed, too, Isabel." "I wonder I am not altogether changed, "when ray heart hae grown sick with oaro and Borrow. I oould no longer enduro my anxiety about yon. I'fancied you might bo dying horo alone. So, without eaying a word to any One, I caruo hore. I took a lodging at the organist's cottage, and finding you weroatthe abbey, I oarao over to eoe you—to urgo you to do what you should do." "And what should I do 7" "You should forgst your .past; you should shake off your gloom and make a now life in the future. A man in your position owes duties to hie country and society. It may bo hard for you to come baok, bnt it eeems to. mo you are untrue to yourself and to your raoe when you shut youreelf up to brood and die. Rottirn to publio life, return to social life; you can yet find happiness and bo useful." Lord Castlemaino shook his head. " Thero nro enough to do the pnblio work you speak ef. Society does not need mo, and I am devoting niyeelf diligently to the care ol my tenantry, to the improvement of the laboring' classes, and pr ogress of education in the country. For tho rest I am a broken man." "I know—l know," oried leabel, "an ' apathy poneeses you. . I want to rouso you ' from it. You have given up everything. Even in the matter of divorco tho case is at a stand still." - ? T . "Thero will be no divorco," Ba>a Lord Caetlcmaine, slowly. ' "And why not? Given that, you would bo ' freo of tho past, and once moro be happy. Gertrude certainly fled from you." "I think possibly in that act she was suffering from mania or hallucination, and to eeouroa divoroo on that ground would he persecution. ,, " You make mc angry, angry for your sake I Cried Isabel. " You -were tho one wronged and persecuted from tho beginning. Oh,Ger , trade wae never worthy of you. It makes my heart aohe to see you clinging to a memory of a lovo that at boet was an illusive fanoy. When given tho joy of being your wife, her heart wae not great enough to appreciate her __plooe—aho ecorno&yaur; happiness, trampled — on-yonr-winhDirrAt last"! have felt it my duty to try and rotiso you from fruitless grief by trlling you that your idol was always and only play." =-"l>dYft --IlU?hr'ftabeW"--entreated Lord -y€astlemaine."'^lM nothing —lhat once angered mc; i only recall her as. niy lovely and loving wife, with whom I was \- - (md might nave always-been so happy if I had not been too bareh and hasty." "You hareh and hasty! You wrong your self, and you nro all wrons about her. Ger . trade was not loving—Bbc was a epoilod, osprloioae beauty. Can yon not Bee it yet? 'She had been "trained by an ambitious mother, and her prido was gratified at her and easy conquest of tho Earl of "Castlemaine. But bore was a fickle fanoy, "and an inordinate vanity. She was born a '-coquette, and desired to: see all men at her ' feet. To conquer Colonel Lsnnox, who had been victorious over so many hearts, was her pride, and to indulge that prido she would B<&rn; your love, ebamo your honour, mock * your commands. Oh, after all this, can you lovo her still 1" ' " Miss Ilytfo, you wero her friend 1" , ' "Hers? I was your friend. I knew you ' first; nnd when I tnet her I road her well; I understood your infatuation; I tried to wirn yon j and when I could not aavo-youi I set 'myself to the task of making her more worthy of you, I tried to rou?o her pride in your ' lofty name—her respeot for your lineago j I tried to save her from herself and her follies; "I thought if I wore with her I oould prevent -her from committing errors—could help mould her'tastofl to yours—oould prevent ? 'collisions between you. I set ruy wholo heart ? on saving you from shame and disgraoo, and I havo failed." : " Lord Caetlemaino looked up alowly; he Bpokequietly. , " -i;. ; ,' : ? ? "leabel, answer mc. You saw Colonel 1 Lennox often; you saw him when he lodged >' at the organist's. Tell mc, why did you meet , him aa you did 7" . v ; leabel had not thought that this wee known. She know nothing ol the poaoher, -Jong sinco happy Jα Canada. But, nothing daunted, she made prompt reply: " Why did I ? Can you not sco that, like all my other acts, it w?3 for you ? I did not care for Colonel Lennox; I dieliked him; he tveu too great a contract to you. Hβ disliked mc. When I found that I could not prevent Gertrudo's mad folly in attempting a conquest of him, and proving to you how little weight your authority had, I waa bo desperate in my zeal to help you, to save you from all this that has fallen on you and wrecked your life, and i 3 ending your life in darkness, and depriving your oountry of your aid; to binder that, when Gertrude would not listen, I tried appeals to Colonel Lennox. I appealed to his honor to go away and tempt her no longer; I told him ebo was playing with him, oiid making a jest ol him; and with him, as tvilh her, I failed. Bat tt was for you, not for thorn ; I did it all for you." .;???-???' "I cannot understand you," ?? eaid Lord Caatlemihie, uncAsily. ? ' ??? ? ? >:? " Lisk back. It-.member thoeo early dayfl of our Jricndnhip; the winter bctoro you mot Gertrude; who was your friehd then? Was not I the onn .you sought? Were wo not oltrnost together? Who bo well aa Iconid share all your aepiratione, understand your plan , !, r\inpathise in your pride of la noblo race? Did wo ever disanreo? Whoeo talk interested you na liiino did ? : Had I not more ambition tor you than you hud for yourself? Did I noturgi you to giro yourself to politics, to tcooiun n power in tho ootintry ?" "Wβ wire indeed wnrm friends," said Lord Caetlcniainc. ? "And T was worthy of your friendship: and I am ono who will Rive a friendship unreservedly, and cot limit ita display. I desired your happincee; and when your infatuation for Gertrude made it impossible for mo to civp you bapplneep, except through her, then I devoted myself to trying to make her worthy of you, to warding danger from your home; and I failed. It was uot my fault that I failed, li your happincs3-bad been in my hands primarily, you pover would have known nny sorrow." ? ??-.. ," I did riot understand Gertrude I should have made allowance*. She wae young, inexperienced, indulged. It I had boon more tondor, less dictatorial, had left her lose alone in society, had daily wen her confidence moio jjently I ? Oh, I know my own crrote, when it is too late 1" " That is madness 1' said Isabel, restrain ing her voio=>, but hor Eonl was in n turmoil of jealous fury at his words. "There never was a mnn so deceived. Did bug try to gloss over your faults, or what euo oallod your faults'? Did she not make- ft jest of your honest pride of race? The etorica of tho houeo of Caetleniaino wore hc-r theme of earcasm. Sho deepised you because you were Riven to pursuits of peace. Men of war, like Colonel Lennox, were her heroes, ae. iodcoatod soldiers are herooa of bar-maida. She aoousod you of prido, of tyranny; she loved to vox you.: Whoa she had (jrown. weary of Colonel Lennox, ebo would havo amused herself and tortured you by flirting with some one else." ... : , "You are wrong. lam euro you misjudgo : her. And, at all events, remember sho is yet my wife." ; .'..,, ' "I do not wish to remember it. Break' that ti>. which ia now virtually null and , void. Take up a now life; marry some ono worthy of ypn; make a tour of tho world, and in two or three years return; opoi> thoeo olosed doore; fill your houeo with hospitali ties worthy of your race; tako your place in : Parliament; beoorno n powr in your country; live up to yourii?htsasEirlof Cisllemaine." " It is impossible 1 . Mine is a heart that lovoa but once. Whether Gertrude loved mo as I did her, I cannot tell. To her my least thought was true. Beside her no other woman looked lovely or. desirable. Even if she had really fled with Colonel Lennox, and I had eccured a divorce, it would not have been to marry again. I should have lived in the memory of ray lost lovo and my lasting woe." Isabel Hyde enddauly bant her hoad on the tablo near whioh she eat, and buret into a pa?sion of sobs and tears. Lord C&stlemaino; rcmernbored what Lidy Craven had told him of Miss Hyde's evident interest in himsolf. Even hie heart, apatbrtio now to all words of lovo, told him that Mies Hyde had now spoken to hinvof more than friendship. Tie. knew not what to say or do. He eat in silonoo until hor stormy emotion had worn itself away. " Mies Hyde, I am grateful to you—grate ful for sympathy, for past friendenip, for pro* sent interest—but all yonr rctnonstr&ncc;? must fail (o change my course, or animate, my heart to any hops of happiness. Let mo remind you that you arc yet a young, boauti ful woman, with your fortuno beforo you. Grateful as your kindnoas is, I cannot accept it at tho prioo of embarrassment to yea. In yonr kind sympathy for mc, and/or my wife, you forget—what your Aunt Oreason would not fail to recall —that you are too young end beautiful to come hero without a ohape ran. Wβ must part'; my oadneas grieves your kind noal; and your friendly interest in mo makes it hard for mo to reject your coun sels, as I unalterably must. Will you not allow mc to accompany you through the park to the' Huns' Gato,' where wo shall aay good-. byo?" Ho rose. Isabel roeo also. She puehod back tho disordered hair from hor heated brow. Sho looked into hie face. ; ?? Say good- bye ?" sho faltered. "Yes, Isabel. Good-byo ia all I can oflor, for oven friendship, now." " Good-bye—and forever ?" "Forever 1" "Ob, Lord Castlomainol" cried Isabel, holding out her hands to him. " Lord Castlo mainol—Rudolph I will you never care for mo?" .????-: Ambition, prido, selilehnesa, many evil pas tiiona wero in Isabel's feeling for Loti Csetlo maine; but there was also love, real lovo, and that love thrilled in that passionate cry. It was ono drop more in tho oup of Lord Oastlemaine'B bitternees. Hβ was chivalrous toward women. Ho had really been a friend to Isabel Hyde, though he had often thought her a singular girl, and her manners had many timoe puz zled him. lie know by hard exporienoo how terrible a thing woe love outraged, unreturned. But her ory fell coldly on a dead, ehroudod heart. Ho held out his hand gravely. " Come, Isabel, we must go; wo must part. It is only ono more of the hard things in our fate. " Go, and forget mo." , ' : " I cannot—l will not forget 1" Baid Isa bel. . " Remember," paid Lord Caetlemaino," that whether she is living or dead, my heart was unalterably Riven to Gortrude." And be led her beyond the " Nuns' Gate.' CHAPTER LXI. . ? ' " I SHALL KEVSB BETCIHT. If Gertrude Costlcmainb had been a crimi nal, tty'w? from justice, making every effort at concealment, eho would probably have been discovered long before. Aα ahe proceeded on the Dover boat, at Calais, and afterwards, in a perfeotly quiet, open, mtUtcr-of-faotway.no one had had particular attention called to her, and no one, when inquiry was mado, was able to identify her. ' ; ! \- Colonel Lennox and Isabel sedulously kepi tho seoret about tho carriage—tbo colonel, be causa his discomfiture, if known, would have made him tbo lasting butt of jest; Isabel, bo? oauso her. action in the matter would have ruined her with Lord Castleinaino., The carriage-driver bad not only been well paid by Gertrude for silence, but that night's work was his last driving in England; ho had already secured his passage 03 an emigrant to Australia, , ? ? , ??,?'?' The theory of tho pursuit had been that Gertrude had gone by cars, or on foot. No one imagined that eho had caught tho Dover boat that very nigbt. Tho stowardoss of that boat wae called next day into Belgium, to a dying mother; and tho fact that at Calais Gertrude had covered her hat and faoo with a thick tissue veil, and carried her cloak on her arm, with only ita white lining visible, bad completed the slender chain of events which diverted pursuit, especially when that pursuit dated all its inquiries at least twenty-tour hours too late. ' That very week of leabel'a painful vlsifc to Neath Abbey, Dr. Randal and Mr. Grim, held met there to consult with Lord {Jostle malno, ' ' -? "I have concluded roy pcrsonnl visitation ot every public hud private institution for the piok and tho insann in tho United Kingdom,", said Dr. Kindal; " I havo conversed with tho attendants, and looked over tho reoorde:; I' havo examined the burial records of every parish in England; and I cannot got tho laintest traoo of your,wife." "Our agents in Scotland Yard lmvo oome on no trace, nnd seem hopeless of success," (taid Mr. Grimheld. "It in, as I told you at first, Lord Castlemaino; wo must mako more of tho prose—of advertising." "I had enough of tbo press, dragging my family effairs to light, when that, paragraph about the divorce, in TrtUh, turned all eyes and all tongues on my unhappy, wife" "But yon roust consider how great interopts aro at stake. You may have a witc—poaeibly ? ohild. You rmutijlnd them. If you havo a child—a Bon~-that ohild is tho heir to your estates and titles. Ho would now bo nearly ft year and & hall old. may, bo living in pauperism, or.as a foundling. Every week paeredgdims recollection ol.ovents, and makes discovery more diffinult. The finding of your child, if it exists, is of instant importance. If yon marry aha in, mid havo a son, his possession cf titla &nd.; cstatea would bo always jeopardised by .tho possible existence of on eldor eon. Besides, net knowing whether Lviy Casllemaino ia alivo or dead, yon cannot marry—unless, indeed, you oon cludo your suit for divorce, which you might possibly obtain." ??.-.-. .- ? ... "I shall never conoludo the suit; and I shall novor marry," " Thon, ttbless you find your ohild, it ono exists, what ia to become of., your, title nnd estates. Yours is a long lino to end so miserably," , ? "And what oourao do you Viish mo to ;tako?" ? ? - ? -,- ?. .. ? . ~- :,?.,; ? " Advertise through tho polico of tho entire United Kingdom, by printed alipo, carefully describing Lidy Caetlemaine's appearacoe .and dato of departure, Rivinfj.no name but ; mine as address. Advertise in a>l the papers of the by slips nddreasod to 'Gertrude, , asking her to return, or give in formation, and pledgiog that her demands shall bo gratified on evt'ry point—that sho shall havo all her pwO'Vrar. Advertise also in Italy, in Germany, and Franca." .?. .?..-.? ; "Do anything you like," eaid Lotrl Castle maine. " Advertiee as yon like; but I know : it Gertrudo yet lived I ehould have beard from, her. Could eho have endured lonclinoss like mine?' , "You said Doctor Randal; " ehe may havo a child. That would very largely console her, and fill her heart." >.? "But thero is no need for her silence. She knew I lovod her.' , ... " Answer rao a few questions," eaid Doctor Randal. "You weio jcaloua ol Colonel Lennox, and accused her of various follies 1" 11 Unhappily, yes." " Sbs eeemed greatly terrified, overwhelmed, dietreeeed?' , ? "'Yce." .???.'.?,? ? , ?:;. ?? "In your anger, you threatened separation or divorce?" ? ? : .? " Yes, yes ; I havo admitted all that." "Do you not know that if eho had remained, and you bad demanded separation or divorce——'' : " I would not havo done so," interrupted Lord Castlomainc. " Probably not, when the wholo faote vrera before you. Sho did not know that. She thought you meant it. I say, it you bad carried out your threct, and sho had had a child, especially if a son, you would have had custody ot your heir. Tbero is nothing liko maternity to sharpen a woman's perception of results, of facts. Unuaed to any businoss, an Lidy Castlemainowas, the-mother instinct would havo shown her her danger of being deprived of her baby, II she had some slight mania,. an I apprehend, that would havo inteneiGod her terror of such loas—her expeo tation of it. A mother will do anything to retain her ohild. I) Lady Oaetlemaino is living, and keeps silent, it is because bug fears yon will claim custody ot hor little one." "Bat what am I to do?" cried Lord Castle mainc, rising, and pacing his library in difl order. Tho idea of Gertrude hiding in loneliness, terror, poverty, to conceal tbjt beloved child, so prooious in hie. thought, drove him frantic. " Advertiso, as Grimheld euggests, in Eng land, Scotland, France. Addrera ' Gertrude' Tall her, her child shall not be interfered with: boo shall mako her own tonne. Also, fee tne French polioe heavily enough to sot them searching for any stray English lady, fair and young, with a young child. France Iβ near; your wifo spoke Frenoh fluently. Aβ wo havo failed in England, I look to France. France, too, is the land where ehe oould livo longest on tho sale of hor jewels." " Randal is quite right," said Mr. Grim held. . ?'?? : A tap at the library door. " The mail, my lord," said Jenkins.'' Lord Oaetlemaino took the letters, and mechaniqally turned them over. Ho started baok at sight of one, and dropped it, with an exclamation. It was from Egypt, in tho large, peculiar soript of Colonel Lennox. At first Lard Castlomaino felt as if ho could not open it—as if one of his friends taunt break tho seal. Tncn ho gathered him self together, because there might bo some thing undor that cover which no eye should see but bin own. Ho withdrew to an aloove, and oponod tbo envelope, with a trembling hand. It was dated at a military hospital. It ran thus: ?????? " LonD Castlesiaixe : —Wo have been -enemies; but when life reaches its cud, en mities arc forgotten. I write to do justice to your wife. I never mot a lady whom I admired as I did Lady Castlomaine. Sho was as good &3 fair. There was nothing in her intercourse with mo to whioh any bus. band could object, except that sho tolerated my Booioty, and that was because eho did not know tny charaoter. AH my association with Lady Castlemaino—all our meotinga— arose not from her will; she was invariably betrayed into my oompany by her friond, who deceived us both. T should 6ay no' moro. Where your wife went, and why, I do not know. Aik Hits Hyde—she blown , Lensos." " Ob, Gertrude I doubly injured Gertrudo 1" oried Lord Castlomainc. : ... "Wo must find Mis j Hyde, and question hor," said Grimheld. " I will telegraph to Lidy Cresson to obtain hereddrees." -- ?? ?? ??'? - ' ? ? ' i,: ' ? : * * * * .'???* The day after that bitter interview with Lord Castlemaine, Isabel entered her aunt's dressing-room, in Lady Cresaon's oountry housoon thebanksof tho Thamos. "Isabel," eaid Lidy Cresson, sharply, "you told' mc you were going to Miss Aller ton's. I had a note from her yesterday. You have not been there; ? Where ward you 7" Isabel waa silent.., -, ? " I insist upon knowing—l have a right." "Yea, , you have a right," said Isabel, boldly. " You aro to take mc to Lady Gor don's oountry-soat, and I have two gorgoous dresses up stairs, witnesses of your right, I was nt Neath Abbey, to soe Lord Csstlemaine." " Heavens, Isabel 1 What madness I And you with a propoeal from Lord, Stuart Douglas I" . ; . : ?-,..- -"I have not accepted him, aunt." Lady Cres?on throw dp her hands and eyes. . , "Isabel, you are twonty-fourt You havr hcenjiur seasons out I You have refused tiro or three offers, but have had no good offer; till now. Now, by extraordinary, marvellous fortune, a line-looking man, of your own heir presumptive to tho Earl of Dunedin, Eroposes, and—you say you have not oooeptad ital You go to peo Lord Castlemaine I". ???? - ?* ?-? ... "I went," said Isabel,hard and bold, "to see for myteU who'hor there was any hopo that Lord Cantloumino would finish hia divorc , ! oaso, and make an oflor to mo." " Horrible i ?, Monntroue 1 Outrageous I" groaned L vly CroP?on. Innbol: proceeded steadily : , . " Thorois no such hope. Ho will not got A divorce, no will not marry again. Ho is still the alavo of that whitc-faoed fool who left him." v ; "Hu3hl Your linguagoie soandalous." ''Iwent to him, aunt, beoauso for moro than four years 1 have bvod bim—beoauso I am mad about, him. I think I would rather take Rudolph C.intlemaino, without titlo or' estates, than ono of tho princes ot the royal blood." ? . , v .....'-.. VTho princes and Lord Ciatloniaino are equally out of your reach." "I 800 it. Compose yourself, Aunt Ores son. I told. Lord Stuart Douglas that be ehould havo. my answer at Lvly Gordon's, next Tijiiradivy. I ehall accept him. I shall havo a littlo titlo, a prospective coronet, ft for tune, threo hnnddomo estates, an amiable hue band, who marries beoauso his unolo orders him to do so, and who likes mc as wojlaiany one. Bo ?ure, aunt, tho belle of five itatont Bpprociatcs hsr good fortnno. At all events, I shall not nviko n scandal, and lcavo my hus band, as Gortrn Jo Craven did." '? Ob, heavenn! And you arc to bo pre? Bonterl on Thuriday to tho Earl of Duned. din t " -?.:'? ? ? ? ? * . ? ? ?? Thursdoy hail oorao. Soone—Lady Gor don's country feat in K?nt, thronged with Ruosts. Envied of all, is Isabel Hyde. After five seasous she ha.9 captured a prospective carli ? ? Lord Stuart Dauglas ia a tall, jolly, noisy, rod-whiskerod, florid, honest young Bootcb> man—not very sentimental, but heartily ad miring his β-tncne. : Tho Eirl of Dtineddin has oome, and ia to be presented to his future niece. Isabel is on tho arm of Lord-Steward Douglas ; Lady Gor dou has the oarl'n arm, Lidy Cro33on ia elate. Tho five meet in tho great drawing-Tosm, and thoro are rainy thero to ccc. : (' Uaoln, allow rao to present tho future Lady Douglas." . Suddenly a blaok cloud ro3ts on the faco of the old Scotch earl. Hie extended hand stops half way; hig cold, h'uo eyes fixed on Isabel in a fcrocioui glare. ." This lady your future wife, Douglas ? " "Yes,uno!o; and you &ro; an admirer of boanty—datk beauty " "I novor fo>g->t a beautiful face onoe seen, , , said the cul.etill glaring at Isabel, Thon : " Lady Gordon, may wo withdraw to a more private room ?.'? Tho five are alnno in the library. 'J Miss Hydo," says tbo carl, in the .voioo of a J!idgo, "oarry back yoiir mind to the latter part of September before last—al most two yeara ago. Think of tho Radmoss station." i . " Sho was visiting Lady Castlemaino at Noath," oried Lady Cresson. ? The carl waved hie hand, and proceeded solemnly: "At Radmo?? station, after midnight, you ontered the train for London. Tho third olase cars were out of theqiiestion ; thosecond olass were pretty well Ojlodj two firat-olase care <vere paid for aa private You entered the other, where thero was ono traveller, in a cloak. You woro not alono; you were with Colonel Lennox, nnd I was that traveller. You went to London. You nnd CMonol Lonnox left tho train togother; you entered a oab together. B'forc I scoured a ab yours was out of si?ht. H waa boforo four o'clock, a very dark morning, and—the oharacter of Colonel Lennox h well known." Lord-Stuart Djugla?, with flaming ey?B, had dropped Isabel's hand and stepped baok. Lady Gordon looked scorn and dismay. Lady Creewn was pallid, and dropped into a chair. Shearied: "???? Sir, you aromiataken I" "I rui not mistaUen. I oould sweat to her. I saw her for over an hour. I hoard her voice. It was eho 1 "' "I only met Colonel Lsnnos by acoidontat tho Elation I" Uricd Isabel, breathlessly. "I missed an earlier train. If you had followed tho oab you would have scon that I went to the Westminetf r Hotel, and ho to his olub." 11 You onn never explain or exouse a lady of your ago and position wandering alono at night with Colonel Lsnnox. The wife of my heir muet ba without r< prouoh. Lady Gordon, allow Djuglai r.n 1 myAolf to tako our leave; it will-cause lees talk.* They departed. Lady Gordon looked a* aunt and ni , 1:0. "Dear Lidy Cresaon, you have niy sympathy. This ia terrible 1 But my home ie full of friends—young ladies, too " ;; " I undcretand you." said Lidy Oresson. " If you will order's carriage, I will at onoe removo my hipco.' . They wero iv. fhri e.ir. ? "Isabel," will Luly Cresaon, "I will never see you ag&in.; You understand, you eau novor enter London eoaiety after this. Go home and hido your hrad'" * They parted at tho Junction—Lidy Cresson for London; Isabel apparently for homo, feabol paised tso stations. At this third she l?ft tho car, and waited for nnother train. ' Sho had made up her mind. Sho would throw herself on tho moroy of Lord Castle maino. Bho would tell him that eho had been sacrificed in her effort to save his wife, for his eako. In rcoklesely undertaking to lead Colonel Lennox aw.iy from Gertrude, she bad destroyod herself. All hopo was lost now but In Lord Caetlemaine. Sho would go and boldly plead her lovo for him. Even if that failed, in what would she be worse off than now? CHAPTER Lxil. HOW THE DUEAiI CAMU TBO2. Shut up alone in her first-olaes carriage, Isabel Hydo suffered an anguish as ol lost Bouls. Fury against herself, remorse, not repentance, seized her. How easily sho might have prevented this horrible end 1 On that fatal night, when she hadmenntto betray Gertrudo intoflying with Colonel Lennox eho had madly lost all by going to London in his company. Sho could havo remained at the oottage, bribing the woman to silence. She could have 'gone to a hotel at Redmose, and left alone In tho early morning train. ? In her confusion and wrath because Ger trude had overthrown all her plans, eho hurriod to London in tho samo carriage with Colonel Lennox and allowed him to eeoort her as far as the hotel. True, she had entered the hotel alone; ebe had given a feigned name; breakfasted alono, and gone home by that ofternoon'e train. London hoS been empty of sooioty people; no ono recognized her; she supposed th&t; escapade dead and buried. Now it had eomo oome up liko a ghost to break her engagement with Lord Douglas, whioh was making a mne day'a wonder at her amazing good fortune. Lady Gordon would be obliged to explain to some extent. Lord Douglas would feel him- Belt obliged to explain. Her aunt bad finally cast her off. Her family would be furious at hor folly, and the wreck ol her prospeots. Tho glories of Douglas and Duneddin grew on her as thoy vaniehed out of her grasp for ever. Sho was taking her last ohanco. Her one hope was in tho help, the ohivalry, the blindness of Lord CsEtlomaino. . i ? To him Bhe hastened, flying with all the speed of etcam through tho waning aummer day. -'.'.', . . ? LordOastlomainonndDootor Rindal- woro unoasily pacing tho terrace. Lord Castlemaine had sent his dispatch to Lady Oreeson. His ono hopo lay now in wresting tho truth from leabslHyae. Every hour seemed a year, until be could get on tho traok of hie yawned, wi/e. Up tlio long avenue dashed ahorse, covered with foam, and ridden by n man looking like ft publio hoiisn hostler. Man and beast worn broftthtoHi*, and covered with duet. . The rider held out to Lord Castlomaino. a slip of paper, rumpled and Roiled, torn from a noto-book, ami hastily written upon with a lead pencil, ford CiHlcmaino enatohod the piper and read tho line's: 11 Terrible It R. accident, fl vo miles boy on d Ramose. A lady in firet-olass cair seriously injured. She is in a etato ot extreme anxioty to 000 you. Come at onoo. She cannot livo out tho night." Lord Oastloraaino reeled back against Doctor lUndal. ?' Doctor.Ri.ndril, itlβ Gertrude IV ~'.'.... "Who is the lady ? Havo you. nothing olsol" ehonted Dr. Rmdal. ' Tho.man was Mill fumbling in his pookels. Eα found the object of hie search and handed it over—a'oard. . . "It was iaharpofckot," hosiM. Oα tho. card was: "I?AUBt. IlYDI!. 1, , " Man 1" shouted Lord Oastlemaine, ?'did you see her? Was eho dark ?" : "Idon't know—yea—l saw ho*—yes, eho was dark and handsome. It is her spino, my lord. She is quiet, and don't suffer; but she is g'lui , faqt. You'd bolter hurry yonraolf!" "Horses! homes 1" roared Lord Caatlo matno; " tho .two fastest horeos 1" Tho grboins sprang about in tba stables, and in fl vo minutes two swift, blooded horse?, impatient for tho road, worn ready (or Lard Cattleraaine and Dr. Ilmdal. They leaped into tho saddles, and were away like tho wind. Tho run had set; tho moon bad riEon ; tho world was still in tho balm and dow ol tho summer night; tho inscoti whirrod and chirped ; softly from tho dietant woods oalled the sad whip-poor-will, or ohantod tho nightin gale; and ?till over tho broad, hard road thun dered the feut of tho horses, as Lord Castlo rnaine and his friend went to her who waa dying in her wasted youth, and so unfit to dto. They renclicd tho placo at last—tho turn ia tho road where there had been a collision. Cause—a neglected .switch. Mire remote oiuso—a switch-tender asleep. Still more rcmoto cause—a human being overworked for seven days in tha week; given a pittance; ehortoned hours of rest; length ened hours of labor. I'foatcd as a man ? No; as a machine. Well, the machine breaks down; the mm falls asleep, Asleep ? Bather into coma. Who is to blarao ? Soma one is to blame. Sea this wreaked train; ccc all these dead bodies Tho jury will blame and punish the switch-tender. High Heaven will blamo tho company who overworked him; and this blood and his blood will bo required at their hands. Hero is the cottogo wbero Isabel Hydo has been carried. A couch has been drawn into the oontro of tho room, mado ac easy bb possible, and on it lies Isabel Hydo, tho shadow of death already quenching tho firo ot her great black eyes, and emitiog tho lately splendid color from tho cheok ot society's R;d Rose. Lord Castlcmaine and Dr. Randal entered. "Isabel," eaidLord Coatlomainc, bending to tako her hand, " Heaven only knowa how grieved I am to sco you like this 1" " You will bo sorry about mo, Lord Castle maino ?" said Isabel. " Yes; words cannot tell how I shall grievo that you dio bo young and so suddenly. " And you will stay with mo until I dio 1" " Yes, Isabel." " It is moro than I could have expected; and it is better. What was there left for mo to livo for ?" said Isabel. The women of the bouoa withdrew. Dootor Rindal went out and f poke with tho dootor who was attending the injured, then returned and mado soma slight examination 61 Isabel; more was not needed; her fata was on her face. " Mien Hydo, do you know your state 7" " Yes, I know," eaid Isabel. " And what can I do for you, Isabel, now or hereafter ?" said Lord Castlemafno. "You can lieten to what I have to say," said Isabel. "I sent for you for that. I shall shock you, Lord Castlemainc ; but do not leave mo for that." " I will not leave you. I have promiaca , ." "Say, boforo I begin, you forgivo m 0 .,, " I—forgivo you," eaid Lord Castlemaine. " Think back to when wo first met. I know you liked mo; you liked mo better than all the rest; I caw it. At first I acted toward you merely as ambition, and Aunt Cres?on'e orders to niako a good match dictated. But I grow to lovo you. I, who had novor oared for anyone whoso heart was cold to parents, brothers, sistors, friends, I lovod for tho first time, and I lovod ;/ou--ob, how madly 1" "Hueh, hush, ifabell" said Lord Castle raaine, dcoply pained. " It is too lato to mind now," said Isabel. " Lst mo go on. You never spoke or actod lovo, but thero was no ono you preferred, and I hoped—until you met Oertrudo, and you loved her at once, when you had known mo so long I I tried to win you away, but you unheeded my efforts to, charm you; you were not to bo won. I hoped to tho laet— hoped until I stood first brides-maid at your wedding, and thero I swore to part yon—at any price." ? ? "Icabel 1 Istibol! aro yon mad?" cried Lord Giifltlomaine. :" Tilts 'i 3 tho hour of truth, I pretended ptrong friendship for you both. It was lovo for you, hate for her." "My poor Gcrtrudol" moaned Lord Castle maine. " Sho was wax in my hands; bo wore you. I mado the littlo quarrels between you; I made you jealous, and roused her prido, and made her headetrong. I introduced Colonel Lennox to her. I told her you were meanly joalous, and that ho was the best ot men. I plannod meetings for them, sending him word wherever eho should bo, and sho never knew it. I forced them togothcr. I caw ho loved her; she never dreamed ot it. I asked him to lunoh at your houco; I arranged tho tableaux 1 I telegraphed him to moot us at Bath. I goaded her constantly, to resist you. I read to him, and loaned him all her letters from Neatb. I told him to follow mo to Neatb, and he should sec her. I planned meetings which were surprises to her; and I tried in vain to rouse in her love for him. Sho was bis friend—only that—just as cool and calm to him as a woman of huosv." " Oh, Gertrude, my darling 1 my injured darling 1" wailed L?rd Castlemaine. " Gartrudc furiously resented tho hour when he passed beyond calm, respectable friendship into a pica for love. She resolved never to see him again. Ho wrote 1 or—tho only time. In her distress oho burned tho letter, fearing your jealoU? rago. It was to mo eho told your throat of separation, your order to go to Eant dftle. It was I who painted to her tho dis grace ot separation. I told her you would rob her of hor child. I planned to fly with her to France. I told her wo could hide in- the South of Franco until you oamo to her terms. I had hired tho carriage, brought it to tho 1 Nuns' Gats. , I put the glove, pioturo, and handkerohiot of Colonel Lennox in her room. I took hex to the carriage. I had arranged to leave it on a elight excuse, have Colonel Lennox silently tako my placo, and go with her to Dover—to Calais—before he revealed himself. I knew a flight with him would never teem innocent, and you would divorce her. I hoped you would turn to mo. I cannot tell how it wae—l had lod, ruled Gertrude all along—at tho moment I left her in the car riage ehe took her future into her own hands. The tiarriage dashed oQ furiously. She was in it alone. Colonel Lennox And I were left standing in the road. Wo went at onoo to London. That night joarnoy with him baa einoeprored my destruction, IwnaseeD, recog ni?fid." (To Jit ctnHwA.), 