[ CjiROjSiCLE ] r ?- — ? ? — — — -—————- ? ?- ? — — ? :t ' Ths Federal Council met a* Sob^n on Monday, lie i'oth of Jan-^ary. Thus a great step towards tie realisation of the idea of a imfied Atistralia was ^aivz*. Tie reriresen tsdves are — 'Victoria. Mr. Service ^Premiers arid Mr. Berry (Chief Secretary) : Qz-ssenslaiid, 2-Ir. Grimth (Premier) and 3ir. Diekson {Colonel Treasurer) : Tasmania, Mr. Douglas (Premier) and Mr. I-c»dds (Attorney-General) ; West Australia. Mr. -J. J. Lee-rSteere, 5LLC. : Fiji, Dr. M'Gregor -Aedng Colonial Secretary). The colonies rsVrrxr xsiz in the T»r*::cieeidIii2S. represent- three-fifths of tie area of Australia acd . more than 'Ha^ of tie population. Next rear It is amieipatod tha-t New South 'Wales will be the only absentee so far ss the continent is concerned. The adhesion of lie comparatively remote New Zealand : is cot at present exr»ecied. The £rst act of tie Council ~as ;-- elect 3Ir. Serrioe 33 president. The choice was expected, because tie honour was well deserved. Mr. \ Service, if not the originator. i-?inij assuredly the stales- ; tt^iti -jrbo hss schiev-ed ret&raat; results. His sr*-e-ch was \ e^.jsal t-- tic- «esasi«2. for it ttss spirited without being j extravagant- Tie President in the f-rst place re- assmes ; timid provincialisis by repeating thai tiere is no power 5 conferred on tie Federal Council by which any one jj colony can be coerced by a combination of tie others. ; Tie Federal Coun-eO legislates only as authorised by tie J Parliaments of tie colonies included in tie uniim. Mr. i Service enmnerai-as what the Federal Council could do 3; | once if tie local Parliaments 'would kindly permit it. It I coda establish a ' syste.ni of defence, tie value of whici \ wouM l*e doubled i-y tie mere magic of 3 national j name.' Agairv *? we have, it now in our power, bra nni- I form system of patent laws, to give an impetus to tiat I inventive genius wiiei ias done so nanci to place tie I United States of America in tie Tan of mechanical \ progress. We have tie means, by tie establishment of a f federal Quarantine, io secure almost absolute immunity j from danger to tie central and more populous colonies } of tie group/' And if. ie says, we trust tie Council with { power, as it should be trusted, then a united Australia would become a buttress of tie Empire. Tie good start is a matter for congratulation. Next day tie Council -was formally opened by the Governor of Tasmania. Trio, in his speech, expressed regret at tie absence of representatives of the other Australian colonies. A committee having prepared an address in reply to His Excellency^ speech, its adoption was moved hy Mr. Griffith, the Premier of Queensland, in a speech of some length, in which he pointed out the necessity of proceeding earefjuly and doing noihinir that might have tie eSect of deterring the colonies which were at p»resent standing aloof from joining the union. He also indicated tie various measures which he thought might be dealt with, this session. Mr. Berry seeontled ihe motion, which was agreed to. A telegram, signed by Mr. Service as president, -sras senzio the Queen, I expressing tie Comyffis loyalty and devotion to Her Majesty. *Ebe2e '-*»«: ~bz*ea. a farther i&evelopment; in 'Victorian poSuks. Ibsx eT€T-is snore slowly. The new Gov«cnmeni ?jraoM m-fJvg' fostned asd snxKwmeed si onoe. were it not lisas The retzring Ministers^ Messrs-Servioe aini Sexry, are hsASisis; *^se in order t'h^V they may atseajd the Federal Ccasxusl in ih~ir oScsal capsCTt^e^. So soon as these gentle 2&551 xsiiini to Tlctorsa from Hobari thtar resignations ttIH be baadad in, iogzsihee witi. those of lie rest, of their c&Ikasgces.; tie sew Presaier being thus left free to form a Oasmei -srineh sbaH stand or fall upon its own merits. Airsffldr fx iss been deeidcsi ihsz && lines of the present eoainSoa shall bs adhered to. Indeed, as tie present Serrioe-Ssrry Government was from first to last over wielimngly. strozig in. the Parliament and in tie countrv tiere 5s no jnstiScation for departing from them, and both tie leaders would be liable to be taken severely to rasV if they isnt themselves to other arrangements. When Mr. Service intimated that in due course ie should advise His ExeeEeney tie Governor to send for Mr. Gillies, it was nroa a distinct understanding that the member for Rodney would associate fri-ms^lf with Mr. Deakin as representing the other wing of ths Cabinet- 3£r. Gillies accordingly put himself in communication with the member for West Bourke, and Mr. Deakin resolved, before deciding, to obtain the views of his party. Two caucuses of the Radical party have been held, the first ostensibly called by Mr. Berry on the 14th January, and the second on the following Tuesday. Twenty-eight members were present, or were represented, upon the first occasion, and only one defection 'was formally announced upon the second, though probably the break-off is larger. Mr. Deakin submitted the terms upon which Mr. Gillies and himself had agreed that a coalition was possible and advisable. These are — an equal representation in the Cabinet and a progressive policy to include the maintenance of the Education .Act, a large irrigation scheme, and certain new proposals which are kept back for the pre sent, but which Mr. Deakin says are sure to command support. There was much debate on both occasions. As Mr. Berry withdraws from the strife, a resolution was passed thanking him for past services, and congratulating him upon his acceptance of the post of agent-general. Bufc a section of the party were eager that no leader should be appointed until after the general election, and that the coalition should- be abruptly terminated, Mr. Gillies being left to his own resources. Resolutions to this effect were proposed by Messrs. Pearson and Richardson, but they were negatived by large majorities, and it was then for mally resolved that Mr. Deakin should act as leader, and that he should be authorised to co-operate with Mr. Gillies ; but though the resolution was carried, the existence is revealing itself of a certain amount of outside radical dissent. Mr. Service delivered a valedictory address at Castle mnine on January 13. For the most part tue speech was ' a review of the work of the Parliament over which he has presided, and he was able to show a performance which is brilliant as a whole. Placing the railways under a busi ness management and abolishing political patronage con stitute a great triumph for the Constitutional party and the e»:i2=tirnt2onal leader, and Mr. Service retires with -W«f accordingly. It was impossible for him, he says, to eon-' tinue at his post. The relaxation of tie vocal chords which silenced him during part of last session returns at intervals, and a period of rest is imperative. He defended with much warmth the appointment of Mr. Kerferd as a judge j of the Supreme Court, on the plea that Mr. Kerferd had i been a successful At-torney-General, that he has served the ; cublic 21 years in Parliament, and that the post was given ; him witi* tie full concurrence of all parties in tie two | Houses. Reviewing tie present situation, Mr. Service contended that it is impossible to resuscitate ihe two old parties : we should call up from the grave not their ghosts but ** their putrid corpses,' and ie^wps emphatic in his condemnation of those petty polititaans who, against the wishes of their leaders and of the public, would stir up strife iopins to profit thereby. The speech was well received at Castlemaine, and as a rule has been favourably commented upon in tie T-ress. though there are marked exceptions amonsst tie radical organs, Mr. J. B. Patterson also addressed she electors of Castlemaine, speaking on -January 22\. Tie sj-eeeh attracted much attentimi. oecanse of an effort made by the diseontentc-d radicals to run Mr. Par&e-rs;*-n as a leader. The address was a surprise. however. Mr. Patterson attacks the proposed coalition it is true, bat it is on zhe plea that two leaders are unnecessary, sad prevent the fusion of parties, both inside the Hossseaad cstssde of it. The proper plan, he says, is to noiiLmSii? a Premier, who will select members from both sf-des, sad fossa a htoceogeneous national Government — ?5r!i5e2i is a caaiitaoa otherwise named. But as to policy, Mr. Pas3ccs«o«i severely censured all the recent develop ments ?:?€ nsaS^iHssx arsd prised as a possible leader for such ecesssEsniik'CssIisss as ebsv be dissatisfied with tlie new GvverErZDrSiir Tsrlies et £s fomivtd. But whatever opposition tiere is s»- s&e; ioccmriiK* Ministry in the new House, \ t-»;- sgasJesxsis ?gr52 paro&ably; come to be its chief. Ths revcSH&r-; reisss of Victoria for the last quarter of 1SS5 sho- BTta&s; thetocalmoKne for the period was£'l, 500,857. a decrease as cosipsred witi the last three months of 1SS4 of £l!},2i8- For site year ixsst ended £6,247, 4GG was re ceived, or £60,103 more \ian for the previous twelve months. In revenue matters, however, the year begins on July 1, and consequently in the first six months of the current financial vear tie'Treasnrer ias received towards his ways and means £2.001,014 out of £7,000,141 estimated for the year in the budget. In 1SS4-5. which terminated on June 30\. the estimated revenue was £6,495,S5S, which was more than realised. For the six months ending on December 31, i 1SS4, £3.037,301 was received, or nearly half the estimated I amount. This year, therefore, the prospect is not quite so j hopefuL The Treasurer must get in £500,000 more than - the moieiy for the next six months to bring the result up to the estimate. The decrease on the quarter just ended _, is more than represented by the falling off from sales by* auction of Crown lands because of the new system intoo^; duced in the Land Act. The deficit is £25,382. Anotfter'/ important itemjn the decreases is £39,20S, ' interest/ on? j public account,' against which, however, may be ,satra\ | handsome increase of £39,916 in the railway revenue, vJ^-'f income from that department being £617,790» as againS^ £577,873 for the last quarter of 1SS4. The Customs show a good increase, principally for spirits, the 'duties on which for the three months just ended were £131,159, as against £11S,C93. For the first time a proper comparison may be made of the receipts from the sale of stamps, which now include all payments where stamps are required — such as those on a letter, telegram, and documents subject to the Stamp Act, For the last quarter of 1SS5 £150,070 was received, or £13,770 more than in October, November, and December of 1SS4. ? Ix New South Wales all the members of the new Ministry formed by Sir John Robertson have been returned un opposed. ' From the speeches of Sir John and Mr. Gerald Spring, Minister of Ta-nrU, it would appear that the Government intend to meet the deficit partly by taxation, but -without interfering with the principles of free trade. Sir John Robertson was entertained at a banquet at Mudgee on January 5. In returning thanks to his Mudgee constituents for hi5? unopposed re-election, Sir John said he had been called upon to govern the country when its finances were in a complicated condition, and. the people must be prepared to bear the burden of taxation in order to clear off the deficit which had arisen. The nature of the proposed new taxation has not yet been disclosed. Lord and Lady Carrington soon won their way into the hearts of the people of New South Wales, and society in Sydney has been much more lively than, perhaps, it has ever been before. The revenue for the last quarter of 1885 amounted to £2,203,170, being a slight decrease compared with the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The total revenue for the past year amounted to £7,588,667, an increase of £471,076 on that of the previous year. Land revenue yielded £1,876,563, an increase of £123,374. The expenditure during the year was £8,816,683. Sir Daniel Cooper has been appointed, in conjunction with Sir Saul Samuel, the agent-general, to acton behalf of Sir A. Stuart in connexion with the Colonial and Indian Exhibition until his arrival in London. Mr. 6. C. Levey, undertakes the management of the exhibits. Mr. John Campbell, M.L.C., has died at the age of S3. From June, 1861, until his death he was a member of the Legislative Council, but previous to being summoned to a seat in the Upper House, and in the early days, of responsible government, he was a member of the Assembly. His liberality to the Church of England was very great. He contributed largely to the diocese of Goulburn, and gave £10,000 towards establishing the bishopric of Riverina, arid in other directions he showed on many occasions great generosity. DcrarxG the last quarter of 1885 the revenue of South. Australia was £602,785, and the expenditure £594,234. } Notwithstanding the land and income tax, the higher I Customs duties, and the fact that the finances had improved ? during the quarter to the extent of £8,000, the deficit is j £784.121,. or £75,000 more than on June 30. The total ! revenue for the last two quarters of the year was £1,133, 755, ! being £1SO,000 short of half the estimate for the year. In J pursuance of the reductions made in the estimates by the I Pari'ament, the Government have been applying the | pruning knife to the public service very rigorously. On i the last day of the old year, the population of the colony ! was 320,234. Mr. E. W. Pitts, a well-known woolgrower ] and sheepbreeder, died on December 30. The conservator | of forests reports having planted 152,000 trees during the past season. Business is reported to_ be very dull in the Northern Territory. Absolute stagnation is said to prevail, and everyone is waiting for the commencement of the Pine Creek railway. The date of the jubilee exhibition has been fixed for June 20 next j'ear. j The comparative statement of the revenue and expendi j ture of Queensland for the quarter and half-year ending | December 31, lias been published. The revenue for the I quarter was £042,197, being an increase on that of the | corresponding quarter of the previous year of £54,181. i The revenue for the half-year was £1,500,089, being an ! increase of £120,300, or £14,800 in excess of one half of tlie Treasurers estimated revenue for 1885 and 1880. The expenditure for the quarter was £000,032, and for the half year £1,433,135. The balance to credit of the consoli dated revenue fund on December 31 was £340,058, or an improvement of £72,954 in the financial position of the colony since July 1. Dr. O'Doherty, member, for Meath in the House of Commons, duly returned to the colony. He only learnt of his election to the Imperial Parliament on his arrival at Cooktown. The members of the North Queensland Separation Council had an interview with the doctor, Avho expressed warm approval of separation, and promised to advocate it in London, besides inducing the Irish party to help him. He soon began his voyage back to the old country. At Brisbane he wa entertained at a fare well banquet. About250 persons were present. Chief Justice' Lilley occupied the chair, and after the usual loyal toasts, proposed ' The Health of the Guest,' which was received with great enthusiasm. A public meeting of the members of the Brisbane branch of the Irish Naticnal League was held on the follotvins evening for the purpose of receiving the resignation of Dr. O'Doherty as president- In the course of a lengthy speech Dr. O Doherty, who occupied the chair, referred to the position and prospects of the league, and urged tlie Irishmen of Australia to support the object in view, which was to secure for Ireland the same privileges as the colonies enjoyed. He has also been entertained at Sydney and Melbourne by Irish colonists. Reports from the interior on January 5 stated that splendid rain had fallen. The Dorunda passengers have been released from quarantine. Dr. Hickling, the medical officer of the vessel, 'attributes the outbreak of Asiatic cholera to the facjbthat the vessel remained at night in the inner hafboui2«»f -Bdtavia, called Priok. ^Ts T^maiukJ a Government Gazette Extraordinary was 'pub^$ked oivth£ ISth January, declaring that the Constitu tipn$-Act Amendment Bill ''has been laid before Her -Mjfjesty. ni: Council, and that Her Majesty has been pleased x6 assent' to/the same.' It also deals with the arrange -mejits^jjjfiwle for the compilation of the electoral rolls, jsjiijijwng that the Ministry has decided that the whole of the work shall be done by the 21st June next, and the rolls be ready for the general election by that date. Some interest is already being manifested in the coming general election. Mr. R. M. Johnston, tlie Government statistician, has issued a preliminary table containing the following information : — Population on 31st December, 1885, mean for tlie year, 132,162 ; do., 18S4, 123,3SO ; increase, 3,7S2. Immigration, 1SS5, males 10,973, females 3,S49, total 14,822; do., 18S4, males 9,455 ; females 4,802, total 14,257; increase, males 1,518 ; decrease, females 953. Emigration, 18S5, males 10,241, females 3,932, total 14,173; do., 1884, males 8.431, females 4,093, total 12.524 ; increase, males 1,810 ; decrease, females 161. Migration, 1885, excess of; immigration over emigration, 649 ; 18S4, 1,733 ; decrease, 1885, as compared with 1SS4, 1,084. Mean population per square mile, 1S85, 5*041 ; 1SS4, 4'S97 ; increase, 1SS5, '144. The revenue for 1S85 was very favourable, there being an increase of over £14,000 on tlie Treasurer's estimate. A shocking accident happened on the River Derwent on January 5. A small river steamer called the Colleen Bawn touched a rock, and went down without the slightest warn ing. Five out of the eleven persons on board were drowned, viz., Mrs. Johnstone, Miss Ella Johnstone, Miss Edith Johnstone, Miss Kate Proctor, and a boy named 'Victor Bromly, all residents of Hobart. fcf New Zealand the Customs revenue for the past nine months showed a deficiency of £6,000 on the Estimates. Acting on the advice of Mr. Ballance, the Native Minister, Te Kooti has abandoned his intention of visiting the Poverty Bay district, the scene of his former massacres. Prospecting has now been allowed by the natives in the King country. Six parties have been admitted, each consisting of two Europeans and two Maories. Goldfields are expected to be discovered. Two Samoan chiefs had an interview on January 15 with the Governor and Admiral Tryon. They were treated with marked consideration by the authorities at Wellington. It is reported that the Government intend bringing before Parliament a proposal to purchase the . German interests in Samoa. With regard to the defences, thn Government favour the employment of British war ships, each colony contributing its share towards their maintenance rather than that the colonies should purchase cruisers. The man Howard, who was reported to have been drowned, his life having been insured for £1,000, arid whoso hand was alleged to have been found on the beach at Lyttelton, has been arrested near Wellington. Pkxdixg the arrival from England of Her Majesty's commission appointing Mr. John Douglas Special High Commissioner for New Guinea, Mr. Hugh Ronul!y, Deputy Commissioner under tlio. late Sir Peter Scmtchley, vrul continue to act. Captain Strachan's New Guinea expedi tion succeeded in obtaining upwards of 100 magnificent views of the scenery in the intorior, several of them having been taken at a distance of 100 miles from the coast. An old Indian planter, who was a member of the party, declares that New Guinea contains some of the finest soil he has ever seen, more especially the country towards the south bank of the Fly River. Large samples of cedar, rosewood, pine, and other valuable timber have been obtained ;. also cotton, saffron, ginger,' and 'other products. A larg eidol of the god 'Leeger,' of the Gona people, was obtained by Captain Strachan with much difficulty. He intends to present it to one of the public institutions of New South Wales. - ? Tub honorary secretary of the 'Victorian branch of the Geographical Society of Australasia is in receipt of a letter from Mr. H. O. Forbes, F.RG.S., dated Port Moresby,' New Guinea, December 18, 1885, in which the writer says : ? — ' Accept my best. thanks for your hearty good wishes for the expedition ? under my charge. I am still camped at Sagere, and will have to remain there very probably till the month of May, owing to the rains now well commenced. The terrible catastrophe which has overtaken the protector ate has depressed us all terribly here. In the death of General Scratchley I have lost a personal friend, and the expedition one of its warmest supporters. The loss to the protectorate it is impossible to estimate.' 