MIDSHIPMEN'S PRANKS. . We had a ' reefer' on board the frigate Constellation in the West Lndia squadron who was detested by everyone of his messmates and disliked by many others on board ship. Though a facing subservient to his superiors, he was " ugly " with the men when he dared to be, for he was not afflicted with much courage, and among the middles he was regarded as a sneak and known to skulk whenever duty was unpleasant. Boat duty, such as taking charge of crews to water ship, going after sand for holy-stoning decks,-«tc., is never han- kered after,/but;'when a middie is! ordered there 'he goes promptly, if he is a good officer, without grumbling. But Smith, as I will call him, was always " sick " when such duty was ahead, but he was well when " liberty day." ashore arrived; or when the officers were invited to some ball or party on shore he was sure to be on band. To get even with the skulk had long been on our minds. He pretended, for the purpose of keeping in favour with the captain or commodore, to be very moral, indeed pious. In their presence he would scarcely touch a glass of wine, and " grog " according to his statement, was a horror to him. Yet some of us knew he had a regular appetite for it and would use it " on the sly." Our chance came at last. We were lying at anchor off the navy yard, having just taken in stores and got ready for a cruise. The commandant of the yard gave a party at his house to which all the officers of the ship not on duty that night were invited. Knowing Smith would be on hand, a few of us got ready to put him through a course of sprouts. There was music, dancing, and an unlimited supply of refreshments. We got Smith to take wine just as often as we could get him into thc refreshment room, pretending great interest in him, and then toward the hour when we youngsters had to go . off aboard ship, four bells or 10 o'clock, he was coaxed out and given a free nip or two of old brandy from a flask carried for the purpose. So, by thc time we had to start for thc boat waiting at the landing, Smith was " very full " And yet his appetite was so strong required no persuasion to get another good nip down Ms willing throat. This last put him in such'a condition that the two most powerful of us had to hold him up when we star- ted down the sandy road toward the landing. As we went on he grew so limp and helpless that when we laid him down for a rest he never moved, but lay and snored like an over-fed hog! Now came the culmination of our plans. Laying him in a hollow in the sand close beside the path, and putting the half-empty flask in his hand, we scopped sand over him until all but his face was covered. Then, lighting a half dozen sperm candles, which we had brought along on purpose, wo placed three at his feet and three at his head and left him in his drunken, stupor. We knew that in an hour or two the commodore and all the bider officers would come along on their way aboard ship and he would be discovered. The night ,was warm and still and the mosquitoes abundant. We went aboard and soon were in our hammocks .deeping the sleep of the just. Next morning as soon as we were up Smith was seen and interviewed. He was in a fearful rage. His face was a raw blotch from mosquito bites, he was under arrest and in disgrace. He had been discovered by the commodore and the other officers in his shallow grave, and after their laughter had changed to anger at seeing the uniform so disgraced he had been lugged to the boat by a couple of stout sailors and brought on board. From thence on poor Smith found little favour with his companions. He was known for just what he was and treated accordingly. In the steerage he was known as the " ghost," and guyed so unmercifully that he never rested until he got exchanged into another ship, where he had a chance to mend his ways. But for years, he was known all through the navy as the "Pensacola \ I dead man," for the story of his burial with all the honours went far and wide through the service.-"Detroit Free Press." A sailor named' Gallandser swam off from the ship Regina in Hobsons Bay recently, towing his swag by a rope. He was picked up by the water police : -in a very exhausted condition, and taken back to the ship. John Carmichael, a Sydney baker, was fined £16 15a for having had thirty four four-pound loaves; his bakehouse which were each 2oc deficient in weight. A mysterious package was lately handed to the secretary of the Swansea Hospital, England. On .being opened it was found to contain £500. Two years ago a cheque for £1150, and last year a cheque for £1000 were given in the same mysterious manner. Prince Charles of Bavaria, who is an eminent practising physician. and surgeon, has gone to Paris to' study M. Pasteur's hydrophobia inoculation. 