TO THE EDITOR OP T1IE DAILY TELEGRAPII. Sir,—" W.R.C." in his two-column letter on the above question begins by stating that, "a few essential points seem to' . he lost sight of." I heartily agree with him ; there are not only a fow, but a whole por- cupine fall of points that have yet to appear before the visual organs of gentlemen of his way of thinking. They have not even for mulated their principles ; they cry Protection I Protection ! i)oes even one of them know what they ask for ? As they appear to be struggling as in a mazo to find their shibboleth, I, a humble freetrader, beg to oiler them one. 1\. Protection for a young colony is a thing to be desired, and is an unmixed good. 2\. Protection being a good thing, the zhore you have of it the better. 3\. Protection to be equitable mnst bo univer sally applied. 4\. The capitalist mnst he protected, the manufacturer, the farmer, the workman. To protect the capitalist all loans must be raised iu the colony ; to protect the manu facturer all goods must be made here ; to protect labor ail immigration must be stopped. It is evident that should Customs duties only be imposed importers, instead of importiug cheap goods, would be at liberty to import cheap labor, so that residents here might be no better off. It is, I think, a self-evident proposition that it is unjust to offer a bounty to one class in the community at the expanse of the rest. Why should capitalists here, with a chance of 10 per cent, or 20 per cent, for their money, be underbid by Euglish cheap money at 4 percent.? Think of the £2,000,000 a year that troys to Eugland in the shape of interest. Would it not be better to pay £1,000,000 a year and havo it spent in the colony ? Thon, the poor working man. What good to him of starting manufactures if. cheap steam boats are allowed to iiootl the colony with the pauper labour of Europe ? No! What; the colony wants is not a rabbit- proof fence, but a good Chinese wall all aloug the border and a ileet of armed cruisers along the coast. The colony contains all that is necessary for its own support — wood, coal, iron, farms, pastures, orchards, a dozeu different cli mates and a splendid population, who only want a chance. Let us start on our own account. What do you say, " W.R.C."— are you ready ? If not, why not? I would ask" W.R.C." to look on another pic ture. Suppose the time came that not only the colony is flooded by cheap imported goods of every description, but that things had come to such a pass that they were actually given away, that every inhabitant obtaiuedall he wanted for the asking. This would be frcclradc gone mad, if you will ; but is the picture very terrible ? What shall be done with the rising genera tion? This is the ghost that haunts the pro tectionist. lie would keep them in the towns, in manufactories of a sickly and forced growth. The freetrader would put thbm on the land, Horace Grucly's advice to all applicants wns, 44 Young man, go west." We have a west here and a north and south. There is room for millions in vine-culture to practical men. Let the rising generation have this practical know ledge. There is room for millions on irrigated lauds, the Cbaffoy Brothers'; will tell vou,and they are prepared to back their opiuion and put the monev up. The lands are there. AU they want are brains to uulock their wealth. Are the rising genera tion destitute of the latter ? It were a libel to think so. The key of the situation is the love of city life and the gregarious iustincts of a large portion of the people. Bare wages in towu has more attraction for them than a future independence commcuciug with some hardship nnd hard work iu the country. 44 Let us have eight hours' work and live near a pub." This is pretty well what their wishes figure out at. People who have never worked there, and some who have never been, arc for everlasting trotting out the United .States as the glorious example of protection. Do these people read the papers ? If so, 1 will ask them io recollect that it is not 12 months ago that lutters in The Daily Telegraph and other journals informed us that there were a million of men tramping about the States looking for work, sometimes going in whole armies, stopping trains, sticking up small towns, and becoming a terror to the whole country. And what were the wages the men sought 'so eagerly? Mark it well, you huiigerers aud thirsters for protection — ouc dollar a day 1 Twenty years of protection in the finest country in the world, new, not over populated, with unbounded resources, to which New South Wales cannot hold a candle, and the laboring man cams 4s. a day when he can get it I Some time ago United States Consul Shaw, at Manchester, England, took the trouble, iu a report to his Government, to compare the wages and cost of living of the cottou opera tives iu Lancashire and in the New England States, n tbe report, which was very exhaus tive, and in which the writer had no other intent than to state facts, the saving power was found to be iu favor of the F.nglish opera tive. Quite lately in England an agitation has started with a fair trade cry. These gentlemen, like our friend here, admit the advantage of freetrade, but say you must make all other couutries agree with you first — that one-sided freetrade is a delusion, that cheap German and Belgian goods were ruining British trhde ; in fact, your late speeches hero may be taken as a re-lmsh, with slight variations, ot the fair- trade orations in England. The Conservative party, like the Junmngs-Dibbs party, fishing for support, went so far as to say that fair- trade might be held as a 44 pious opinion," and coming into office they were bound to do some thing. They appointed a Royal Commission, largely composed of fairtradcrs. Their re port has lately reached us. It amounts to this: that while England has had a season of bad times, protected couutries have suffered still more, aud this in proportion to their protec tion. Protectionists nrge this may be nil very true, but what is good for England may be unsuit able to a new colony. Political economy, tho laws of supply aud demand arc simply inventions for old, worn-out countries. What we waut is a bran now scicnco made to fit the colony, with all the theories of Adam Smith, Mill, Fawcett and Bastiat made to be looked at upside down. Times are bad enough in New South Wales ; are they better with our protected neighbors? 'Thousands of immigrants arc arriving in Australia who pay their own passages, and are at perfect liberty to choose that residence that offers most inducement. Why do the majority pass tnat Eldorado of the protectionists (Melbourne) aud come to Sydney ? I shall bo pleased to hear the nnswer of 44 W. R. C." or HENRY FLETCHER. Balmain. 