NOTES AND N~EWS. Typhoid fever still prevails in various parts of Victoria. h?err Frederick Krupp, inventor of the Krupp gun, is dead. D. Braithwaite has been disqualified for six months for suspicious running in tho Nelwcastle Grand Handicap. Cosplaints are made that the contractors. for the Hawkesbury railway bridge employ numblrs ofO men on Sunday, 827 recosumendatioss have been received. by the Goe'ernment in connection with ap pointments on thie commnission of the peace. Signora Simonetti has just linished in clay a life- size bust of his Excellency Lord. Osr rington. The likeness is remarkalbly good.. A Royal Osasmission is to be appointed to inquire into the causes of typhoid fevor in Tasmania, and tho best means for checking: if. A whale 25 feot in length was captured. on Monday near Olarenco Heads. It was of the spermaceti spooies, and the oil will b saved. The cattle disease in New Zealand is. dun to the animals eating ergot ryn: The dis ease, it is believed, is not contagious in its nature. It has boon found, by experimunt, that stringy bark is of no value in th nmanufac turn of pap;r withouit the adsnuiauro of olther material. It has been found that eoooanu t fibri ib, perfectly obnoxious to insect life? It is used with great success in matteesses in public institutions, The Grafton Council intend applying to the Governieunt for a special grant of £1000 to lied work for the unemployod of tih dis trict on thie roads. Thu formation of a dramatic and musical club on a charitable and edtsatiomal basis is contomnplateid in connection with the Govern imeit Prirnting Ohlice. Cornelius Jnhnson mads tirwo dletermhmid aittempts to commitb suicide in his cell at the Ocntral Polico Court, hirst by hanging and thnm by liriuig his bedding, Idichlol (Iloban, drover, who was recently ineured by ii, express tr'im at Iminnela (Vie tnria), has recovrerrl £2875 from time Vic toriamn Roilway (ommissionmrs, No furthler onthbreak having taken p1 Cmi, iti is cx.pect i'd thait thosi, qouars timed mit. North Head ii connection with the lato sinal pox outbreak, will hI roehasid. Whihl soarching for thi outward and visi ile signs of a .riported ghost, thu polico of Tutldeih main, mci-ar Penmmrithi, ciasmo across a quantity of partially burnt humamm bones, At a hurge meuesting mld in th minw Mlasonic.hall in the interests of the pro-. posed nmw protectionuist paper, Mr. G. R. Diibs anmonucod his convrirsion to protoc tion. The sys[oem of plauilng II poll.htx o1, hina imn ii I01ing called into, qIesrion, scrious dotiots hitg plit'tjL utt. llt is assertid that many of the natu'alisation papers are adoatorLd1" Three we.111s wIll, eoli upied in 1 he f oronledl inluiry odf r [he P1nt's al CIligry aof ident, and ,ltWillr wit inteSs Wilxa I, llh,( rI, hill, i. iI e xnclleU d l lt ili losl wil! rieach over £1100. Tlh y fyrther hr.Ling Sef th l ]edfturn shoot ing ons(, wtas tak(:n no Tuesdahy at the ]Rod forn Poli e Courf , rThoillias Fillnnl being com neitoed for trial ol a ehatugI ot shootiIg wil father with intent 1.o murdher, f'or lihulling th. N'quns' Priesentation 0onvent, La'uncoston ('.Pa,), has be,.n withdmrwn, on his disolyhing alry iI t glton of rfilertingo_ the Con ?'nt in question. Mr. Lynes, M.L.A., assetlis that the sup pru.ssian of protectionist spouheb{s delivered? iti Parliamenmt, and the full pub~licity given, to free trada ariguments, was the reason why" a daily " Hansar(I " was thought necessairy. Mr.'F Haynes, M,.LA,, addressing his con, stitents at Mudgoe on Saturday, dllulaimled afailnst,tlh contralisillg systOm of Govern tlent whic' h (nIiiheld the city, I.?ggaredh tihl coountly, and made Parlialnlet a club of log-rolhlrs. Dr. Wright has heon presented with anl address and a purso of sovereigns by a nuin ber of gontlemen connected with the modical, profession in recognition of his manly course in prosecuting certain: individuals who con.. spirod nagainst him riconmtly. Theo Victorian Onbinet have dnoided to cni body in..a bill thi suggestion madei by thie judges of,tho Su'premo Court, thlat powem hmm conferred on judges, police inugistratos-aimnd justious of thi' poamc, to prohibit the pullii' -a tion of indeoent reports by the press. ThT) LTngworthy oase' has at lonigth boon brought to a conolusion., Mrs, Langwortmhy is to roceive alimony at the rate of X O1200 por annum or £27,000 as a capital aumu, whilo ,£000 per yea, is to be paid towards? tile maintenance and education of his ohild. , 0O0ntrcucy to expecltation, the cuhlbriatL i' of the Qnnciveusary of the .oruonoh 121pu lihi passcd afl without disturbcnn, both thi glcand mcilitccy rccvlw cncd the procvssion of thu Patriotio Leagco bIing carried oun quietly and snocesfully, with only slight dci monstrations in favor of G~occal Boulcngo,. Thorn urn ot pcusccct 94. houses inc Sydcney which cocctainc prlvcctc biura, 20 of which cuci stcpposcd bcy thu incspuctor general of polian to ic kccpt Icy womaccn of qcuestionahclc chcscnctc'c. It is proiccble tlcut thcc,Licunuiccg Act will ho clicundud in ordei, to copo with tho growvng cvil, The chclbrction of thin 20th anniv'ocsacy of tihc Rou. Dc'. Stuclcs pastiacto dc',cw hcc?u mnclccco to St. Stophlnc s Picccicytclcauc Ohuccch on Tuesday night, inclidling lcaciicng ciniccstcs of all d€mnomc ios, JUnuides cuccccoucs clogistic rccfccc'cecs to his Ilifc ncd worcck, hc cecu.i'ed a cumbur of cccultrccsses accc p1(50c tu. 