THE SECOND. It was a lovely eve in summer time Some twenty years, I think, or more ago, And I was glad, as you are mw, my child, Watching the silver moonlight's rippled flow. And to myself I sang for purest joy, While fancy pictured many happy years, One figure always centre of my dream — Ah me ! I had not thought of doubts or fears. My metal all to me was purest gold, My path was strewn with time's most lovely flowers ; My life, I thought, must wear its rosy hue Sbadeless through all its happy sunlit hours, I knew that sometimes in some other lives A Bndden storm had blackened all the Bkies, And that thenceforth some souls, all light bereft, Had looked on life with weary, hopeless eyes. And I had read of women, patient, strong, With noble longings for the whole world wide, Who, making light for others as they wsnt, Walk ever with a shadow by their side. Some bouIb whose lips had oft bo deeply drank life's mingled enp of Borrow and despair That flowers could never blossom on their way, That never more to them could earth seem fair. But I — ah, child ! we always think that we Are dedicate to some especial good, That we have fathomed some sweet mystery Before onr time bat dimly understood. Love, that was old when Time itself was new, Will still be new when Time has grown quite old; A fresh, sweet story, fair and beautiful To each new listener, ever newly told. Thank God each life is ronnded to itself ; Thank God the babe that waa this morning born Has all earth's lovely possibilities, Its radiant evening and ite dewy morn. Thank God no life can live unto itself, Else, were it so, how could we mortals bear, Unhelped by any human sympathies, Onr lonely weight ol anguish and despair? My tempest broke that hour of Christmu calm. The bells were ringing loud and merrily ; The moonlight wrapped the world in folds of peace, And all I loved on earth stood close to m?. Cloee, but divided: hands and eyes might meet Across the tiny space that lay between ; Oh ! but a golf, impassable and deep, Yawned where close-knitted bonds of love had been. And I sat silent, hopeless, stupefied ; The blow had fallen with such crashing weight ; For I had loved with such nndonbting trust. And in my blindness had been so elate. He that I loved stood near me, as I said ; The moonlight struck all color from his face: Child, the sad imprint cf that hour and scene Not death itself could from my mind erase. I eee that pale face in the silver light ; I see the fingers nervously entwine ; The flickering shadows lying at my feet. Cast by the moonlight through the trailing vine. I see the golden lilies, straight and tall. The sweet white roses nodding to the breeze, The pendant guilder rose swing to and fro. And hear the whisper of the tall old trees. Andfthrough the stillness and the aching void I hear again that faithless shifting voice. And my own answer, like the ghost of sound, Bidding him— proudly, coldly— take his choice. I, or that other, both it could not be ; And then a vision Bwept across my brain, A vision of a face angelic sweet. And clear blue eyes that had not looked on pain, I loved her, knowing not he loved her too. He had been sworn as mine, and mine alone j But, child, eome men are fickle, and the heart Won latest they most covet for a throne. I knew that she was true as heaven above, I knew that she was pure as stainless snow, I knew her life was sunlit from its birth ; Could I strike at her heart its first hard blow? And she was fragile as some lovely flower, And soon might wither at the touch of pain ; But I was strong to fight and to endure — That strength and patience should not be in . vain. I opened wide my hand, and let his drop, The treasure I had held so sacred — dear ; One cossci dus feeling only guiding me, It never had been mine— that thought was clear. Child, every day some woman does the like, For loss and pain are woman's lot below ; She may not pause above dead hopes to moan,' But hide them silently and onward go. And in that moment, seeing what he was, And how unworthy of a woman's trust, I pitied most the girl whose loving heart Had made an idol of such worthless dust. But I was disillusionised. Ah, child ! The bloom of trust comes never back again ; The dew of life is dried for evermore When once it feels the scorch of wrong and pain. 