A Japanese Uiillcl. TnE following interesting account of a Japanese ballot is from tho Times : — Tho theatre of tho Knlmronjo, or chiof training school of the ICioto Maiko, has nil tho simplicity of architecture and decoration that is characteristic of tho majority of Japanese buildings. It is of nlain unvarnished and unpainted wood, tho most striking fonturcs being the usual ponderous roof, carried on a singlo span of somo 50 feet, and tho high oxcollonco of tho carpenters' and joiners' work. Besides tho main stago in front, thoro aro two narrower stages, occupying tho right and loft sides of tho building. On tho fourth side, facing tho main stago, is a largo room-liko box for tho Imporial family and Court, nnd in front of it twoortlirco tiers of raised scats, plainly a modorn innovation. Tlio body of tho auditorium, occupying the 'spaco between tho side stages, is a flat, undivided matted nrca, in, or rathor on, which tho spectators sit in Japnncso fashion, nnd nolnco themselves with their tiny pipes of fragrant tobacco and little oups of tho novor-failing ton. On enter ing, wo find tho stages concealed by curtains of white silk crnpo, painted with pine, bamboo, nnd plum trees, tho emblems of longevity, vigour, and fra- granco. Thcso aro tho only decorations. The lighting is of tho simplest — toot- lights, with candlcB for tho stage, nnd banging lamps and rows of candles for tho rest of tho intorior. On tho rise of tho curtains tho scouo in front repre sents a summer-liouso in tho grounds of tho Mikado's palace, girt by a verandah with red lacquered Hteps nnd rail ings and hung with bamboo blinds. Bight and left, on each sidc-stago, is a crimson dais, on which aro seated eight girl- muBicians, or geishu, from about 18 to 20- years of age, clothed in soft raimont of brilliant hues, and got up from head to foot in tho highest stylo of Japanoso art. Tho oigbt on tho right aro players of the snmiseii, a " species of three-stringed guitnr, tho chords of which aro struck with an ivory plectrum. Of those on the loft four play tho isuzumi, a small dram hold in tho air and struck with tho hand, the othor four performing alternately ' with tho taiho, or flat drum, and bolls of dolicato tono. Music and singing aro at once begun. Thcso aro of tho quaint and, for the moat part, uomowliat dismal 1 typo- peculiar to tho higher flights of tho musical art in Japan, It is difficult to convoy an idea of thorn. For Western oars they linvo but little melody, and fow inspiring strains. ' Ono must ho a Japanoso to appreciate thorn, Time nnd tune, kowovor, aro evidently well kept, nnd tho performance is doubt- Iobs good of its kind. And, if you cannot admiro tho music, you can at least forgive it in contemplation of tho players. After a Bbort overture, tho Maiko "appear, entering at tho cx- tremetics of tho sidc-stngos, right, nnd loft of tho Imperinl box, and moving in singlo filo townrds tho main stago. Their advance, oxtromely slow, con only ho described ns a progress. It is not a march, neither is it a dance as wo understand tho term. Stntoly almost to solemnity, yet full of grace, it is a series of artiBtic posturings and pnnto- mimo, in time with tho music nnd accompanied by tho slowest possible forward niovemont. By tho timo all of tho ihimeuses linvo entered, thoro aro 1G on either side — young girls of from about 15 to 17 years old. In dreBS tlioy are counterparts of tho musicians — aglow with scarlet, light blue, white, and gold, in robes of great length and voluminous folds, bound with girdles of truly prodigious dimensions. In spite, however of iko gorgeous colouring, thoro is nothing garish or distasteful to tho oyo. No ennon of art or tasto is offended. Tho secret lies in the fabric of tho girls' garments — silk crape, tho dolicato softnesB of which relieves tho brilliancy of tints that might otherwiso be displeasing. In person tho Maiko are tho prettiest little specimens of budding Japanoso girlhood, rosy-lipped nnd black- oyed, with comely and dolicato features, ipy bands and feet, and an air of grace- « ill modesty end innoconco rarely seen' on any stago. As for their coiffure, it is a miraclo of the Japancso hairdrcssor's skill, and rich with adornments of flowers nnd coral. How much of their beauty thcso dainty littlo lasses may owo to art it might bis unkind to inquire too closely. Liut6 is famed for its manufacture of shiroi, a whitoload cosmetic of raie virtuo, and said to ho used with a skill which Western ladies of fashion would giro a good deal to possess. But surely there can ho littlo need for it hero, if wo may jndgo from tho whiteness of tho Maiko's hands nnd of ns much of her nrms ns is now nnd tlion rovenlod to us. There is also a Japnncso rougo, of gront merit, which uncharitaklo persons might suspect of having a shnro in the brillianoy of Ikoso " threads of scarlet," tho Maiko's lips. Tiny razors, too, aro cvon supposed by somo mnlignant minds to play a port in tho finoly-poncillcd eyebrows of Japanoso belles. Kindly folk, however, prefer to pat away all such churlish thoughts, and to rest con tent with the pretty picturo that i'b now sot boforo thorn — a reproduction in flesh and blood of tho typical Japanese beauty of our fans nnd sorcons, with tho all-im portant exception that tho faco of tho artist's creation seldom does justico to tho living original. Fans, of coarse, play a preminont pnrt in tho intricate gestures of the Maiko. Thoso carried now nro largo and circular, and richly bedecked with red and whito flowers. W ith thcso, Bs'filcs with their heads, limbs and bodies, tho flies display to the full on their slow progress up tho theatro that music of motion which delights tho oyes of tho Japanoso. Thus turning, bowing, swaying, kneeling, nnd waving, always grncorally and in time with tho music, tlio ranks nt length meet on tho front stago, pass ono another, and retiro again down tlio sides, at tho ond of which tlioy turn, form into pairs, and regain tho stage, ono wing soon loaving it, whilo tho othor continues tho danco boforo tho footlights for a few minutes, when it also retires. All this whilo tho masio goes on, now sad and slow, anon in livelier strains, and is accompanied by tho voices of tho inmiscn ployors, chanting a hymn of hnppinoss, prosperity, and poaco, in which tho reign of " our Lord tho Mikado " is likened, in highly flowery Ianguago, to tbo beauty and tranqnility of Nature " at tbo first dawn of spring." Next tbo bambooo blinds of tlio ver andah aro raised, revealing tho first squadron of dancors postured in pictur- cBquo groupB between a background of dood gold and tho orimson lacquor of tho verandah. Tlieso, descending to tho stago, resumo tho danco. Tlioy have parted with their floworgirt fnns, and L'llUU glli UUB tt tOHAIC mi. UVVHhUhu bv uw girdle, with which she accompanies tho orchestra whilo danoing. To thorn, on thoir withdrawing, succeed the second squadron, who, with scarlot and whito fans, go through a nieaBuro of singular graco ond beauty, and at length rotiro to tho verandah, which rises with thom, bringing tho first sceno to a close. The second aenno is laid in tho famous gar dens of Arashiyama in tho suburbs of Kioti, ond appears as a fairy-laud of flowering cherry trees, lit by a galaxy of minuto star-like lamps, Hero tho wbolo corps gradually reassemble, and at length oxccuto a final danco of tho saQio typo as boforo, aftor which thoy retiro by tho side stages, with tho slow measured movements that marked thoir first cntrauco. Thus, after about an hour's performance, ends tho Miyako- Odori. It illustrates no talo or plot. It is only on elaborate measure, of " woven paces and of waving hands," such ns Vivion may havo ridden " in tho wild woods of Brocoliando." It has no objects but tlinso of exhibiting colour, ' raiment, grace, and beaqty with all tho skill that Japanoso art tasto can con trive, and of prcsorving tbo old classic stylo of dancing, and sotting oxamplo9 of tho highest forms of Btrict feminino oliquetto. If a foreigner unablo to appreciate tho full poetry of motion which has such fas cinations for tho Japanoseso spec tator, ho at least cannot fail to apprcciato a'display not more romarknblc for its icsthctio beauty and finish than for tho fastidious dolicacy and modesty which characterise it from boginning to end. In the latter rospcct tbo "Western stago might derive a lesson worthy of imitation. No Lord Chamberlain, howovor lynx-oyed or hard-hearted, could find as much as a ghost of a pro- text for intcrfernnco hero. But tho visitor also fools liimBelf impelled to ask, how long will those things be ? How many yours, or possibly decades, aro likely to olopso boforo tho Jliyako- Odori, with its refined ond courtly stylo and squadrons of decorously-clad littlo < Maiko, will givo placo to violent muscu lar achievements, such as thoso with which troops of bounding, perspiring, and half-nudo damsels charm tho senses of thcatro-gocrs in tho West ? 