An Apparition In the Great Winter Palace, St. Petersburg. (San Francisco Call.) It is a well-knuwn fact that St. Petersburg owes several of its most magnificent edifices to the Empress Elizabeth, daughter of Peter the Great and Catherine the First. She prevailed upon Count Rastrelli, the first architect of ihe eighteenth contuiy, to como to St. Petersburg, and under his instruction the Winter Palace, the Escurial of the North, was built. . While the Winter Palace was in process of con- struction Elizabeth occupied a small palace_ Boischoi-Morskoi-situated in the broad avenue bordering on the sea. The building exists no longer. It once stood on the identical spot-a fact which is not known even to all Petorsburgians_ where the Frenchman Jacot has now built his immense house. When the Winter Palace was finished the Empress appointed a day for taking possession of it ; and the elite of the Guards, a corps which was composed entirely of noblemen, mounted guard in the new castle. A long, dark corridor leads to the middle door of tho White or Throne-room. In the corridor two youug noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o'clock and the arrival of the Empress was momentapily expected. Suddenly the attention of the young men was attracted by a bright streak of light, which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the keyhole of the Throne-room. Who could have any business at such an unusual hour in a room which was designed only for the reception of foreign am- bassadors ? One of the young men considered it his duty to investigate the matter, and approached the door for that purpose, but as soon as he had glanced through the keyhole ho called to his »com- rade in a whisper to come nearer. " The Empress has already arrived," whispered he ; " she is seated on the throne, directly opposite the door." The other also looked through the aperture and soon verified this to be a fact. The Empress was seated in tranquil dignity on an elovated golden Btool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Russia, the double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted, but it waa impossible to ascertain if any 'ther persons were present, as the thickness of the door-lock allowed no side- view of the apartment. The young men returned to their posts and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said : " You can all now retire ; the Empress will not come to-night." " But her Majesty is already here." «What? Who?" " Her Majesty is in the Throne-room." " Impossible !" " You can see for yourself." The officer looked, immediately recognized the Empress, and said, wonderingly : " I cannot understand what the Marshal means. He has just arrived and ordered that all the guards be withdrawn ; the Empress has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Nevertheless, I see that she is here. Could she have como secretly ? At all events I will ascertain what now orders the Marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain here, as the Empress may pass this way." The Marshal, Prince-rKuratin, was fortunately still in the palace, and as soon as he heard of the mysteri- ous report, hastened to the corridor, and peeped in his turn through the keyhole. " My God ! It is the Empress ! Her Majesty herself! What can it mean?" exclaimed ho. "How can this be possible, when I have just loft her presence ? She was dressed in her usual every- day attire, and now I see her arrayed in all her royal robes and jewels. There must be some mys- tery behind this. Let all the entráñeos to the Throne-room bo guarded. Lot no one be allowed to go in or out. I will hasten to report." The dis- tance between the two houses being short the Marshal soon reached the small palace temporarily occupied by the Empress. " Where is the Empresa ?" " In her sleeping apartment." The Prince looked at the Lady of Honor with suspicion and said sharply : " Are you sure the Empress is hero ?" " Of course ; she is preparing to retire." " Inform her instantly that I am here." In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the Empress' chamber. The Empress stood before him in night negligee. Kuratin turned pale. " Well," said the Empress, " you look as if you had seen a ghost. What in heaven's name is the matter with you ? Is there any news from the army ?" Kuratin hurriedly stated what he had seen. "It is a knavish trick," cried Elizabeth. "We will take a nearer look at these comedians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin ; you can mount behind. Hurry !" Arrived at the Winter Palace, the castellan was ordered to bring the key of the Trone-room ; BÍX grenadiers were commanded to load their guns, and, led by the Empress, the little troop betook themselves to the corridor. The light shone as before through the keyhole. The door was cautiously opened and a flool of light filled the corridor. The Empress stepped within the room, followed by her six guards, who placed themselves around her. The room was brilliantly illuminated, but empty. On the throne was seated a shape the counterpart of Elizabeth, arrayed in purple and ermine, covered with diamonds and crowned with the royal diadem. One instant Elizabeth gazed steadfastly on her double, then moved forward a few steps. Simultaneously the apparition stood up, stepped down from the throne and them remained standing as immovably still as the Empress. It was a thrilling moment ! " Fire !" cried the Empress. The guards raised their guns, and all six aimed directly at the ghostly visitant. The triggers snapped. At the same instant the figure clapped ita bands together, and the room was suddenly plunged into intense darkness. Then followed a great commotion and confusion, while the EmpreBS called : "Bring lights !" Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched ; but absolutely nothing could be found to elucidate the mystery. Every door was locked and guarded. The guards had seon no one leave tho palace. The Empress ordered a more thorough seareh to be made, but in vain were all efforts made to discover the perpetrator of the trick, if trick it were. The occurrence had made a deeper impression on Elizabeth than she would admit. Eight weeks afterward ßhe died. The Emperor Nicholas once heard this strange occurrence related, with the supplement that it was inscribed in the " Fourir Books." Since the reign of Peter I. there exists the regulation that these very serviceable books should contain an accurate account of all events that take place at court. Everything that the Emperors did, ordered, all expeditions, audiences, even, if possible, every oral command and every utterance of any importance, was wiitten in these books, which custom having existed during 175 years, these books form a well prepared library and a precious mine for history. The Emperor Nicholas ¡ordered that this remark- able story should be searched for in these books, but nothing relating to it was found inscribed therein. A case of interest to friendly societies was argued in the Queen's Bench Division on March 28. The question at issue, which arose upon the appeal by the officers of a Leicestershire friendly society, was whether a member who, according to the doctor's certificate "was unable to work by reason of natural decay" was entitled to sick pay. The justices of Leicestershire held that he was, but their decision has been overruled by justices A. L. Smith and Grantham. 