SWORD o/daMOOLES. BY MISS A.. K. GKEBN. BOOK IV.— FROM A. TO Z. xxxix. FHOM A. TO Z. ' A naked human heart.' — Young. ' My, Beloved .Child, — 'So rriiiy I cull you in this tho finn.' hour of our separation, but never again, dear one, novur again. When I said to you, just twenty-four hours ago, that my sin was buried and my future was clear,. 1 spake as men speak who forget tho justice of God and dream only of His mercy. An hour's time convinced me that an evil deed once perpetrated by a man is never buried so that its ghost will not rise. Do as wo will, repent as we may, the shadowy phantom of a stained and unrighteous.' youth' is never laid ; nor is a man justified in boliov ing it so till death has closed his ? eyes, and fame written its epitaph upon his tomb. ' Paula, I am now wandering in search of the being who holds the secret of my life, and who. will to-morrow blazon it before all tho world. It is with no hope I seek him. God has not brought me to this pass, to release me at last from shame and disgrace. Suffering, and the loss of all my s»d heart cherished, wait at my gates. Only one boon remains, and that is your sympathy, and the consolation of your rogard. These, though, bestowed as friends can bestow them, are very .precious to me ; I cannot see them go, and that they may not, I tell you the full story of my life. ' My youth wns happy— my early youth, I. mean. Bertram's father whs a dear brother to me, and my mother a watchful guardian and a tender friend. ? At fifteen 1 entered n bank, the small bank at Grote well, which you ought to remember. From, the lowest position in it, I gradually worked my way up till I oc cupied the cashier's place ; and was just con gratulating myself upon my prospects when Ona Delafield returned jfrom boarding-school, a young lady. 'Paula, there is a fascination, which some men 'who. have' known nothing deeper and higher, call love. I, who in those days had cherished but few thoughts beyond the or dinary reach of a narrow and somewhat selfish business mind, imagined that the well spring of all romance bubbled up within me» when my eyes first fell upon this regal blonde with her sleepy, inscrutable eyes and bewilder ing smile. Ulysses, within sound of the siren's voice, was nothing to it. He had been warned of his danger, and had only his own curiosity to combat, while I was not rv.en aware of my peril, and floated within reach of this woman's power, without making an effort to escape. She was so subtle in her influence, Paula ; so careless in the exercise of her sovereignly. She never seemed to command, yet men and women obeyed her. Peculiarities which mar the matron are often graces in a young un married girl, whose thoughts are a mystery, and whose emotions are an untried field. 1 believed I had found the queen of beauty, and' when, in an unguarded hour, she betrayed her first appreciation of my devotion, I seemed to burst into a daradise of delights, where every step 1 took only the more intoxicated and bc wilderad me. My first realization of the sen suous and earthly character of my happiness came with the glimpse of your child-fuco on that never-to-be- forgotten, day when we met beside, tho river. Like a star seen above the glare of a conflagration, the pure spirit that informed your glance flushed on my burning soul, 'and for a moment I knew that in you budded the kind of woman- nature _ which it befitted a man to seek ;' that in tliu liunds of such an one as you would, .mulct', * should he trust his honor and bequeath his happiness. But when did a lover ever break the bonds that imprisoned his fancy at the inspiration of a passing voice 1- I went back' to Ona, and forgot the child by the river. ' Paula, I have no time to utter regrets. This is a hard, plain tale -which I have to relate j but if you love me still — if, as j have sometimes imagined, you have ulways loved me—think what my life had been if I had heeded the warning which God vouchsafed me on that day, and contrast it with what it is, and what it must be. ? « I went back to Ona, then, and the hold which she had upon- me from the first took form and shape. As well as she could love any one she loved me, and though she had offers from one or two more advantageous sources, she finally decided that she would risk the future and accept me, if her father con sented; to the alliance. You, who are the niece of the' man of whom I must speak, may orlmay not know now whatthat meant. I doubt ? if youdo; ; he left Grotewell while you were a child, and any gossip concerning him must ever.fall short of the truth. Enough then, that it meant, if Jacob Delafield could see in my future any promises of success sufficient to warrant him in accepting me as his sonin law, no woman living ought to hesitute to trust me with h«r hand. Tie was the squire of the town, and 'as such entitled to respect, but ho was something morn, as you will pre sently discover. His answer to in- pleu was : '- ' Well how much money have you to * show V ' Now I had none. My salary as cashier , of a small country bank was not largo, and 1 my brother's prolonged sickness and subsequent death, together ?'wifcii my own somewhat luxurious habits, had utterly exhausted it. I told him so, adding that .1. bad somewhere up among the hills an old maiden aunt, who had promised mo live thousand dollars at her death and that she was very ill at that time — hopo lossly so, her neighbours said,— in a few weeks I should doubtless be able to satisfy him with tho sight of a sum sufficient to start us in housekeeping, if no more. ? ' He nodded at this, but gave mo no dis tinct reply. ' Let us wait,' said he, ' But youth is not inclined to wait. I con sidered my causo us good as won, anil began to make my preparations accordingly. With a feverish impatience, which is no sign of true love, \ watched the days go by, and waited for, if I did not anticipate, the death I imagined would make all clear. xVt last it came, and I went again into Mr. Delafield's presence. {To ha GonfA/iiued.) 