THE WITHDEAWAL OP MR. SPUR GEON FROM THE BAPTIST UNION. Mr. Spurgeon has (says the PaU Mali Budget of November 3) announced bis with drawal from the Baptist Union owing to the nnsatisfactorv action which he believes has been taken on his charges against the ministry of being on the down grade both spiritually and theologically, For some time past the charges laid by him against ministers and Churches of being upon the 'down Riade' theologically and spiritually have been ardently combated privately, but at the meetings of the Baptist Union in Sheffield eaily thia month they were ignored, while at tha Catherines of the Congregational Union they were denied. Replying to hia critics and declaring hia final decision, Mr, Spar geon save that 'to pursue union at the ex pense of truth ia treason to the Lord Jesus. He is our Master and Lord, and we will keep Hia worda ; to tamper with Hia doctrine wonid be to be traitors to Himself.' Pro ceeding, he argues that as a matter of fact 11 believers in Christ's atonement are now in declared religiouB union with those who make light of it ; those who hold Evangelical doctrine are in open alliance with those who call the Fall a fable, who deny the per sonality of the Holy Ghost, who call justifi cation by faith immoral, and hold that there ia another probation after death, and a future reBtitntion for the lost.' ' Yes,' he says, ' we have before U8 the wretched spectacle of professedly orthodox Christiana publicly avowing their onion with those who deny the faith, and scarcely concealing their contempt of those who cannot be guilty of such gross disloyalty to Christ.' Thia being the case, he retires at once and distinctly from the Baptist Union, urging that as the Baptist Churches are each one of them self-contained and independent, and the Union being only a voluntary association of such Churches, it is a simple matter for a Church or an in dividual to withdraw from is. Mr. Spurgeon does no blame the Union for 'harbouring errora of the extremest kind,' for he saya, ' eo far aa we can see, it waa powerless to help itself even if it wished to do so'' Replying to the question, ' Why not atart a aew denomination ?' he says it is a question for which he has not any liking. There are denominations enough in nis opinion, and ' if there were a new denomination formed, the thieves and robbers who have entered other 4 gardenB walled round' would climb into it also, and so nothing would be gained. Ba sides, the expedient is not needed among Churches whichare eaoh one self-governing and self- determining ; such Churches can find their own affinities without difficulty, and can keep thair own coasts clear of in vaders.' In conclusion, Mr. Spurgeon says, ' Oh that the day woald come when, in a larger communion than any sect can offer, all those who are one in Christ may be able to blend in manifest unity 1 Thia can only ocme by the way of growing spiritual life, clearer light upon the one eternal truth, and a closer cleaving in all things to Him who is the Head, even Jesus Christ.' 'The interest of the occasion,' to the Spectator, 'seems to be the tendency which Mr. Spurgeon's course must have to stimulate the decomposition of ecclesiastical unions into their constituent parts, and tha gradual disintegration of what we may call collective responsibility for a creed. Of course, if once that collective responsibility were to eease altogether, and there should come to be as many entirely separate opinions on the character and drift of revelation as there are, for instance, on the character and drift of Mr. Raskin's teaching, Christian faith as a bond among men would have ceased to exist.' But although 'Mr. Spurgeon's abandonment of the Baptist Union is sure to stimulate the tendency to an^ open_ disintegration of religions communions,' it does 'not at all aeppcEethat it will sramulite the real disin tegration of faiths. The decay of common convictions which was latent before will ^not be aggravated in any way by being avowed. Kay, it may, we think, do good by awaken iDe re en afresh to the very serious character of the question as to the connection between doctrine and religious communion.' ; 