To thk editor* bis,—Acting upon your admoutiou, that thT& cor respondence muss be curtailed, I herewith enclose you a communication which I intend to be my- last on this subject. At the same time I beg to thnnt you for the courtesy which 3*00 have evinced in per mitting this matter to be so fully debated in your columns. *'Churchman** candidly admits it la hopeless to argue the question of Christ's promises as to the guidance of His church further : like the llussiansat the battle of the Alma, when they with drew their guns from the redoubt, and hurried off to keep a forgotten appointment, "Churchman" retires from this position and admits it no longer tenable. With regard to the assertion that Peter exhibited cowardice after Christ had prayed his faith should not fail, the fact of Peter having in a moment of weakness given way to natural infirmity at the immediate preseuce of torture and death cannot be regarded as a wavering of fiuth. "Churchman" will hardly admit, when the sainted Cranmer, through terror of the torture, signed recantation after recan tation, and each more full than the other, that he was shaken in the slightest degree in his ad herence to that faith for which he im* since received honors approaching those of canonization. The giving way to a momentary weakness, such as that recorded of St. Peter, is no proof of forfeiture of faith. Though Demosthenes, at Chaeronia, threw down his shield and fled from the conflict, it must not be inferred that while thus giving way to a weak but natural impulse, he had lost faith in the cause of which he wa3 so eloquent but unreliable a champion. When the first vicar.at the close of his self-sacriflcing career, begged that he might be crucified with his head down .vart2s,as unworthy to suffer in" the position of his Master, there was apparent little of that vacil lation to which "Churchman" refers with such ap parent satisfaction. I am accused of "quoting at large." If this means copiously, from unquestionable authors, I unblushingly admit 1113* fault But if it be an inference that I quote loosely, I beg to point out that in every case I have given full particulars of the passages and authorities, that they may be easily verified. I note that "Churchman," in to-day's issue, while quoting profusely, gives no clue as to whether he is quoting from St Paul, or from the ex cathedra declarations of our respected local autho rity, the Rev. "Mr" Looker. With regard to the well- founded suspi cion that uiy proofs are un reliable,there never yet was adefendaut who was notthe victim of a "well-founded suspicion" that judge, prosecutor, jury, and wit nesses were combined in a diabolical plot for his persecution and destruction, I have given the evi dence—let the intelligent reader take it at its in trinsic worth. With regard to Popes Honorius and Liberius falling into heresy,! made no such admission. I said that if, out of 253 popes, "Churchman" was satisfied at discovering two cases which afforded grounds of disputation, his ambition was easily satis fied. Of c .urse "Churchman** mi-nm fled. Of e *urse "Churchman** is aware there two Itiehinouds ; that the writings of the unorthodox Liberius were f* r a long time attributed by our chari table dissenting friends to the Pope of the same name; but these,together with similar romances, such as those referring to Galileo and Pope Alexander 6tb, afford only amusement to the well informed. (See latest edition of Encyclopaedia Britannica.) Allow me now to deal with the Greek schism, and I will not further tresspass on the patience of you, Mr Editor, and your readers. In referring to tins "Churchman" states that the schism arose through a difference between "two independent primates, the bishops of Home and Constantinople." 1 have already b3' numerous extracts from general councils and fathers shown that to the Bishop of Rome was, from the earliest times, conceded the primacy- The eat Her general councils accepted by "Churchman" bear testimony to this, and therefore the illus tration of the Bishop of Canterbury and the ptimate of America (by the way as jet un known to history; who Is he?)forms no parallel. Now, as to this separation of the Greek and Latin churches emanating {vide "Churchman") from the intolerable arrogance of the Bishop of Rome mani fested towards his co-equal, let us quote facts t—In the Oth century'* the Emperor Michael being very young, the regency was entrusted to his mother, Theodora, and. his uncle, Banlas. The latter was leading a flagrantly immoral life, and the scandals regarding himself and his daughter-in-law were so notorious that the bishop, St. Ignatius, refused him the Eucharist publicly, and also protested openly against the shameful example the regent was shov ing to his subjects. The regent, furious at this, deposed Ignatius, and promoted the captain of his guard, Photius, to be patriarch over the Eastern Church, The Pope, Nicholas, excommunicated the newly-appointed venerable patriarch, and the ex guarilsman promptly retorted by excommunicating the successor of St, Peter. Shortly afterwards Photius was deposed, Ignatius restored, and the Pope's authority acknowledged. In S79, on the death of Ignatius, a synod was held in Constanti nople, at whicn the Pope was represented by legates. Photius. no w affecting repentance, sought the Pope's support inhis candidature for the vacant patriarchate, but on the questions of Papal supremacy and the doctrine of the procession of the Holy Ghost, divi sions again arose,Photius was again excommunicated, and being shortly afterwards mixed up in a palace [ cabal, be was deposed^md afterwards lost to history. ; The character of this "great Eastern reformer® is described by a Protestant authority (see Ency. Brit.), as "worldly, crafty, and unscrupulousIt is stated on the highest Protestant authority, referring to the doctrine of the procession' of' the Holy Ghost ; " It was, and still remains, the permanent cause of separation between the i-trin and Greek churches." How does this agree with the version given by "Churchman 7* I must now, not from lack of matter, but of space, and fear of trespassing too far on the generous con sideration of your readers, bring thii communication to a close. 1 must express my recognition of the well-meant and kindly efforts of the rer. Canon and his sympathisers to set myself and those whom he regards as wandering on a dangerous route on the direct and safe path. I must candidly admit that the result of my reading and researches has been to con firm me more firmly in the views which,after honest re Search and the use of themodest intelligence with which I am endowed, I had previously formed, if, during the discussion, I have expressed myself in a manner which would cause pain or give offence, I honestly prnrpcq Xnv rjKTefc- finrt T trust fh«i* w- I express my regret, and I trust that our discussion may result in causing attention to be given to a sub ject which is by no means well understood, and •which merits honest and earnes attention. —Yours. ete^ ' | Esqciheb. I [This must close the correspondeoce on a subject to i which, notwithstanding its interest to the religious I world, we consider we have given more *hnn due urn. xmnence.—Ed. GuL] 