Long-lived Fallacies. Most of us in our young (lays have no doubt felt ?wonderfully stirred and elevated on reading or hearing Milton's grand sentence repeated: 'Let truth and error wrestle ; -who ever knew truth put to the worst in u fair and open en counter?' But a very little practical acquaintance with controversy of any kind led most of us to discover that 'infant' truth, truth as yet only bravely accepted by a small minority, is con stantly put to the worst, thrown down and trampled upon again and again, with scorn and contempt, by giant error. Not in a -fair and open encounter, certainly, because it is absolutely impossible to secure fair play in a wrestling match such as is referred to above. By and by, after long years or centuries it may be, this often crushed and trampled truth comes to be generally accepted, if it be the real genuine article, and tho new converts to it are loud in denunciations and fierce condemnations of their mole-eyed fathers who did not accept the glorious light and walk by it instead of striving with might and main to crush it, and persisting in groping along in mischievous error through bygone years. Having displayed their superior .knowledge and wisdom in this highly commendable manner ninety per cent, of the crowd turn round and deal with some new infant truth, or honest effort to dis cover n new truth, in a more virulent, truculent, and unjust manner than their fathers did with the truth they have ?now accepted. Every intelligent, thoughtful reader will easily enough find instances in his own experience of the correctness of the above conclusion. Perhaps as good an illustration of the vigorous longevity of error, after its utter falsity has been proved by experience through a long series of years in thousands and tens of thousands of in disputable cases all over tho Australasian colonies, is the beautifully simple theory that you can promote bond fide settle ment on the Crown lands to any extent ?you wish, providing you give the land to the intending settler without price or any conditions whatsoever. This beautiful scheme, not in all the naked simplicity in which it is stated above, but a very near approach to it in practical results, was tried in Yictoria so far back as frwenty five years ago ; in .Western Australia forty or fifty years ago, when the Swan Itivcr settlement was first formed ; in the Northern Territory of South Australia for a number of years ; in Queensland ever since the passing of the Land Act of 1868; and in New South Wales for a longer period still. In all cases the more nearly the transfer of Grown lands approached that of an un conditional free gift the more conspicuous was the failure to promote anything that could bo called land fide settlement in any sense of the word. The lands at Swan river were given away absolutely to none but gentlemen, officers of the army, men who could show they possessed a certain amount of capital on landing, highly re spectable and 'superior' people. That was the most conspicuous failure in colonisation Australia has ever wit nessed. Perhaps the Northern Ter ritory grand colonisation scheme may be execpted. Many years ago now, we have not the exact date before us at the moment, but eighteen or twenty years at least, some exceedingly cunning, clever, astute men in Adelaide conceived the idea of selling, in town allotments, all the available ' land within moderate reach of the sea, to anybody who liked to purchase. The scheme was launched upon the English market, and took amazingly. The Ministry of the day chuckled as they scooped in the cash, put off for many years the survey ing of the land after it had all been bought and paid for, and tried their level best to repudiate this part of the bargain without returning any of the money they had been using so long. After some very broad hints a Ministry, which cherished some sense of shame, got tho survey com pleted, the Surveyor-General superintend ing the duty. Ever since then one batch of would- be iona fide settlers after another have gone to Port Darwin and come back again, if they had the means of doing so, one andall deelaringthat thereisnota ghost of a chance of any white man settling with any safety, as the available sites for twenty miles round belonged to absentees in Eng land mostly,' -who, directly they knew the land was required, asked such a ridicu lously exorbitant price, or even rental, that no man who was not an igno ramus would dream of acceding to such terms.' ' Chinese settlement .r has since , been , tried, and at present the only visible ? result is that Chinese will hunt out 'the remaining Europeans, and get as much out of the settlement as they can, and then clear for another lot of their brethren and kinsfolk to try their hand. ? In Queensland, in spite of much loud-mouthed nonsense talked by tho bquutters at times during tho last twenty1' years, . every mile of railway - frontage from Brisbane' to Roma, from Toowoomba to Stanthorpc, that offered tho least piospect of settlement, has been purchased by persons who arc determined that no settlement, except at' prohibitive rates, shall take place. The late Ministry, to meet a financial difficulty something like the present Colonial Treasurer has to face, deliberately sold, at 10s. per acre, everyrood of land suitable for agri cultural settlement, fronting two eompleto 'lines of railway, to tho squatters whoso runs it was on before either of those rail ways waB completed. Wo allude to tho Springsuro and Clennont lines, and in all probability it may be a generation or two before1 any bond fide settlement will tako ! place on either of those railways. They made a vigorous effort before leaving 'office, to secure in fee-simple for some in ' fluentinl friends in England eleven million acres of the most valuable land in the colony on the sole condition that these, friends of theirs made themselves a railway through :this eleven millions of acres of land, and allowed such of the Queensland public as might want to use the railway, or any part of it, to .do bo on payment of a tariff, which tho ' friends ' aforesaid might find remunerative. All this is matter, of : notoriety so unmistak able that when the electors came to know it in its right light, and were appealed to on the subject at the last general election, the then Ministry wei'c turned from power .with a unanimity and scorn never mani fested against apolitical party at any pre vious general election in tho history of the colony. But even up to the present time tho defeated party cannot accept their defeat with a good grace, so they go on day after day, as opportunity offers, spoiling their chances of coming back to power in any reasonable time by repeating the old fallacies and rating the present Ministry for not re penting tho vigorous land policy of Sir Thomas M'llwraith and his model Minis ter for Lands, Mr. Patrick Perkins, whom he lauded to the skies on eveiy public occasion he could, even after the whole of this beautiful land administration hud been exposed and execrated by the public to whom the exposure was made. As if it were anew and brilliant discovery of its own, the most influential organ of the party only a day or two ago delivered- the following oracular utterance : ' Wo must be ' wealthy enough to give prompt em ployment to all comers.' And this should not be a difficulty, and if our statesmen could only be got to clear their minds of new-fangled theories, and to comprehend that to give comers land is to give them employment, much of the embarrassment ? in store for us would be largely mitigated, if not wholly avoided.' 