&§§§!?. London Gossip. {FROM OUE OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, Feb. 25. The action of the big financial houses in recent matters is bringing their ways, though not their means, into disrepute. Messrs. Baring led off with their packing of Messrs. Guinness and Sons' list, by which the investing public did not get their chance until the ' nremium ' nta.ee was fullv reached. Next the Bank of England has been called over the coals for its conduct in the placing of the Queensland new loan. Even the Standard asserted that the methods of the bank in ' supporting ' the loan were quite unworthy of it. Now we have the London and Westminster Bank, which has had the conversion of Messrs. Allsopp and Co., charged by correspondents in the Times with temporarily appropriating to their own uses the large subscription for the shares of this latest addition to the ' Limiteds.' As this subscrip-' tion is believed to have amounted to about £5,000,000, the London and Westminster Bank, by cashing, instead of holding over the cheques, has been able to employ that amount for 18 days, thereby earning about £10,000. So Germanyjhas voted the Septennate, and we can all breathe ; for has not Bismarck declared that the Septennate means peace ? Tbet bombshells, grape, an' powder V ball, Air good-will's strongest magnets, Thct peace, to make it stick at all, Must be druv in -with bagnets. By-the-bye, the saying that 'to be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace,' usually attributed to Lord Palmerston, was really uttered in Congress by George Washington. Mr. Bright has brought a telling indictment against all the wars in which England has been engaged since the Queen's accession. He by no means commits himself to a peace-at-any-price policy, and refers to the American war as a necessity. He cannot say as much of any war we have undertaken for the last half century at least. For theRussian war, Mr. Bright contends, we had no ground whatever, and this opinion was shared by Lord Aberdeen, who was Premier of the Cabinet that declared it. The causes of the Chinese wars were our opium traffic and ' a lie of the most notorious character' — the Englishmen being the liars. For the two Afghan wars there was not a particle of justification. One of our Burmese wars ' was got up upon a pretension that was absolutely fraudulent and scandalous.' I can not go through the list with Mr. Bright, but every just and humane man must acknowledge, if he remember so much of history, that Mr. Bright is right. Lord Tennyson will find that though ' this huckster' may not ' put down war,' he will greatly strengthen the feet of the messengers of peace. The Prince of Wales, who is now at Monte Carlo, had a new experience on Tuesday morning. He can now say he has been in an earthquake. At Cannes the people seem, to have quaked more than the earth, and have formed a community of shakers. 'Pene- lope,' the well-known lady correspondent, is now at Marseilles ; she will have plenty of matter for this week's letters. It was once my fate to sit at a dinner party next to a Scotchman who had been in 10 earth quakes. He had emerged from them quite impertur bable ; they had not even shaken a joke into him. I asked him. if he was frightened. ' Naw,' said he. ' Were they strong ?' ' Conseederable.' I won dered what it would take to make a subject of con versation with him, seeing that even earthquakes failed. Had the recent shocks at Monte Carlo levelled the Casino walls, what an event it would have been for the special Providence people ! How helpful could they quote, But one poor instance when he interposed . Promptly and surely and beyond mistake.' Instead of that comes the awful news of 300 people being killed in a church. When you are getting the worst of a political argument, abuse your opponent's patriotism. Mr. Goschen, finding that Lord Salisbury's circulars to foreign Powers were criticised as humiliating by Liberals, turns round and taunts them with being un patriotic. His argument amounts to this: — 'No matter if your Government is wrong ; no matter if your Prime Minister commits you to a policy you utterly condemn ; no matter how foolish he makes his country to look to foreigners, you must not say so ; you must back him. up and cry, ? Bully for you.' Of all the downright immoral things any statesman can say, this is about the most shameless. As Mr. Leslie Stephen said of another class of people, the only charitable conclusion we can come to is that Mr. Goschen and his like are 'imposed upon by their own bluster.' The side of our country must oilers be took, The Marquis of Salisbury, vou know, he is our countrr, An' the angel that writes all'our sins in a book, Puts the debit to him, an' to us the per contry. Walking down Oxford-street the other day, I saw what looked like a procession of hansom cabs. In* stead, however, of being the ordinary shut-up bonnet boxes, they were open carriages on two wheels, the driver still sitting behind. These cabs can be easily closed, so that the public has a new public vehicle of great comfort and utility. The drivers of ordinary hansoms- were at first inclined to be ' nasty ' over this innovation, but when they heard that the new cabs could be hired by anyone at the same rate as the old, they graciously expressed their approval. The Gaiety, with a downright good burlesque, has revived some of its former glory. A new dancer, Miss Sylvia Grey, bids fair to become as popular with gaiety audiences as Kate Vaughan was. She dances a sort of pas de deux with a train of enormous length for a partner. Court ladies should go to her fo lessons in train management. Kate Vaughan now has a theatre of her own, and works like a brick. Her stage manager tells me that she superintends every detail, is always on the spot, and, indeed, nearly lives in the theatre. She is doing Lydia in ' The Rivals' now, and to please 'numerous- patrons,' Lydia dances a gavotte. An old man, with more than £500 in his pockets, and other money in a bank, is in 'a Leeds prison, charged with stealing a sixpenny lamp. Of course, he pleads kleptomania. The late Mr. Justice Byles was once trying a prisoner for stealing. A medical witness was called, who said that, in his opinion, the accused was suffering from kleptomania ; ' and your Lordship of course knows what that is,' added the medico. ' Yes,' said his Lordship, quietly, ' it is what I am sent here to cure.' The anecdote comes from a book just published, called ' A Generation of Judges.' It contains many such good things. I have often been puzzled to know what 6ort of people buy books of etiquette. The book that says, ? ' in plainest print, „ ?' It's most unladylike to hint '— Tou may not hint, 'Sou must not hint — It says you mustn't hint in print. The need for such books must exist, or publishing houses would not print them. A new one has just appeared, in 'which the authoress tells us that pears are eaten with the knife and fork, and that ' pine apple and melon require the assistance of the same medium.' Isn't that sentence contrary to the eti quette of such. Bmall things as logic and style f Where can it be 1 Now, let me see Yes ! Yes I It's contrary to etiquette. Poor Mr. Herbert Spencer ! If he has not given it all up as a bad job long ago, how he must be bewail ing the course of recent legislation. Here is Sir John Lubbock bringing in a bill to compel the closing of shops at 8 p.m. for five days a week. Mr. Lacaita (the member for Dundee) is fathering another to im pose compulsory sanitary inspection upon every build ing intended to be used as a school, college, hospital, asylum, hotel, or lodging-house, and someone else is responsible for an Act to amend the law for the pay ment of miners' wages— a bill proposing to enact that no miner shall be paid at a greater interval than once a fortnight. Where, O liberty of the individual, where art thou ? The Viennese do not take their pleasures sadly. They invent new games for grown-up people, and they have added considerably to the harmless pleasures of the world. Did not the waltz and the cotillon hail from Vienna? The other day the Vienna artists gave an entertainment at which the guests were literally in fancy costumes, for the year of grace 1987 was fixed as the costume era. The result must be left, as it came, to the imagination. A series of exhibitions representing the developments that may be expected in the future evolution of science and art formed part of the entertainment. Some of. the painters sent caricatures of their own pictures, perhaps to prove that the original was meant to be taken seriously. Musicians regaled the men and women of 1987 with the music of that epoch. Science was enlisted iu the cause, and the future of the tele phone, telegraphy, and photography was exhibited. A lady was seen listening to an opera in her boudoir, and summoning ices, not from the vasty deep, but from a distant confectioner's, by pressing the knob of a bell. The Tall Mall Gazette has been getting up a ple biscite as to the 40 Englishmen who might be selected to form an academy on the French model. It speaks well for the average intelligence of the people who entered for competition that the names -who received the most votes are indisputably the first of English men. Gladstone heads the list, next comes Tenny son, then Matthew Arnold, Professor Huxley, Herbert Spencer, John Ruskin, J. A. Froude, Robert Browning, and John Morley. These first ten names are a good specimen of the rest. A woman who was married five months ago has just applied for a judicial separation, on the curious plea that her husband refuses to cut his toenails, which are of inordinate length. She states that she has been scratched by them from 'top to toe.' Another woman, in Birmingham, summoned her hus band for kicking her in his sleep. The case was dismissed, and the husband, finding that he was not obliged to pay the piper, walked off, leaving her in pledge for the costs. A volume of Mrs. Browning's poems for which, dear me ! 10 years ago I gave 9s. can now be had, prettily bound, for Is. The copyright having1 expired, a publishing firm issued the volume at a low figure. Mr, Browning, irate, told his publishers to bring it out at Is., which means 9d. at nearly any bookshop in London. In my humble opinion, Mr. Browning should have published the book a year before the expiration of the copyright at a popular price. He would then have earned the gratitude, as well as the chuckles, of the reading public. Here every day brings its centenary, the jubilee being always with us. The 29th of next October will be the 100th anniversary of the first performance of Mozart's immortal ' Don Giovanni.' Musicians in Germany are getting up festival performances of the opera for that day. The usual Dryasdust has been hunting up the original score, and has got into a wild frenzy about three trombones. These accursed in struments do not figure in the first score as the weird voice of the commendatore's ghost. ' Ah, but,' says someone eke, ' Mozart wrote the music for these very trombones on a sheet of music paper ; and I've seen it.' He can't produce it, however, and is there at a disadvantage with the man who produced the stones of Jerusalem that would have cried out. Now musicians have formed themselves into two camps— the trombone camp and the anti-trombone camp. One professor proposes that a mixed jury of musicians, and accomplished amateurs shall decide .whether the 100th performance is to include the trombone passages or leave them out. I fancy amateurs will cry, ' A plague o' both your houses.' Mr. Archibald Forbes, the famous war corre spondent, has accepted a commission from the Daily Hews to represent it in case of actual outbreak on the Continent. Sarcastic folks will not fail to draw at tention to this engagement following so sooa upon his marriage, but Mr. Forbes, with his reputation for courage and audacity, can afford to disregard such cheap satire. Ulysses was a brave man, and bis happy marriage is as celebrated as his wisdom, yet he is chiefly remembered for the remarkably long time he. took upon his way horn* 