Ibumor. If 111 Hi ye » iniugti, boils. I am just having a highly humorous expo- rienoe with boils. To others this announce ment will come with no element of sadness, Derbans. but to me it brings a thrill of tbe keenest and most poignant anguish. A man might go all over a whole country and not find anything more poignant than these boxls seem to me. There are seven oFthese little blossoms, and they hang' in a ripe cluster on the back of my neck, about two inches below what the phre nologists call love of home. I had never brought out a boil until last week, though I have led a very chequered life, but one morning I awoke to find myself the parent of seven cunning little red-headed boils about the size of a pumpkin-seed. They are small, but, oh, how restless they are, and how They struggle with each other for supremacy 1 People who live here 6ay that these boils are a result of the climate. The air here ;s especially calculated to bring out anything in the line of latent humor. A man who had been running a .humorous weekly paper in the far West came here and in two weeks he broke out so that his friends had to do him up in a poultice seven feet long. _ I am not doing much for these boils, be- causa I want to teach them to be self-reliant and depend upon themselves. One of them was a puny little thing at first, and I felt sorry for it when my friends told me about it. I cannot see these boils, of course, as they are not in the direct line of vision, being on the back of my neck. So I get a. friend- one I can trust — and I let him come and tell me how they are doing from-time to time. This little boil at first did not bid fair to- hold out moie than a day or two, but yester day it began to throw aside its lethargy and to realize that life is real. It is fully abreast of the others now, and has a large and very active crater on it. For three days I put various things on these boils; among others soap, sugar, lie white of an egg, flaxseed, bread and milk, bread and molasses, etc., etc., etc. There were bther things recommended, but as the boils were all in a cluster I had to try one thing at a time. With seven boils well dis tributed I might have tried several remedies at once, but I did the best I could. In three days I have rendered four pound's worth of groceries entirely useless to the consumer. Boils visit tbe rich and poor alike, the humble and the exalted. They arc not a mark of greatness, for boils frequently come to the obscure and the unknown. They do not come with the seeking, and they are not to be obtained by study or effort. Boils fall to the lot of many whose lives would other wise be void of incident. To such they are indeed a great benison, or lnay be used as such. How many people do we know who have naught else to show ns in the way of progress, but a kind Providence has bestowed a boil upon them now and then, which they can exhibit as an evidence that they are not remaining absolutely stagnant ? The felon also is a queer article, the use- fulnessof which has not been thoronghlyimade clear to my mind. There are ninety-eight different things tbat are good for a felon, cacb of which will make it ache first-rate, and tbat seems to be the principal object both with felons and boils. Some cub the finger open in treating a felon, and scrape the bone with a corncob or a wood rasp. About the only way to cure a felon is to seriously injure the finger and then cure the injury. Printer Joe-—" Printer Joe," said the conductor, was a hard one to stand off, and was known among railroad men all over the country. I don't believe that fellow would pay his fare from one station to the next if he had a fortune in his pocket. It's against his principles." An interested.'lot of listeners had now gath ered around, and a desire to hear more of the famous Joe, having been expressed, the con ductor went on a3 follows : — " Well, among the thing which I remem ber of him was the way he beat me when I was running a Baltimore and Ohio train into Cincinnati a few years back. It was an ac comodation train — that is, not one of the fastest — and stopping pretty often. The ex press on that line was fast in those days, and I guess it is still. Well, one day I found Joe aboard. He was riding in the car next to the baggage. I saw him at once, but didn't appear3 to recognize him, although I knew hiin all the same. So I eaid to him,— " « Ticket.' He looked at me in a rather amused way and pretended to pay no attention to me. But I insisted upon the ticket, whereupon he took me aside and said : — " My friend, I observe tbat you are a are new man on the lino and don't know me. I am Director , of the Baltimore and Ohio, and, of course, have free transportation over tbe road I' " I was vexed and told him I understood his game, and that if he did not get off at the next station he would have reason to re pent. He readily promised to get off, and kept his word, for I saw him walking away from the train. I was glad to be rid of him so easily, Jand you may imagine my cbargrin when I came upon him again as I went through the train. I said nothing this time, but when we came to the next station I put Mr. Joe off in a way which was much more forcible than polite. It was of no use. At every station I had to go through the same process, and once I stopped between stations, although we were behind time, and threw him out of the smoking car. We pulled out as fast as possible, but ho caught on to the last platform, and at the next stop he stepped off looking as well pleased as if he had been riding on a Pullman. I was eo mad when I saw him that I swore he should go no farther, and when we were ready to start I took him by tbe collar, tripped him, and held him down till the train had started. I then ran and caught the last car. I was triumph ant, and from the rear platform shook my fist at him as he stood disconsolate two hun dred yards behind us. " I saw no more of Joe until we got to Cincinnati. i was standing by the train as the passengers were getting off when I felt myself touchcd.on the arm. Turning around I saw Printer -joe 1 He said coolly :— " Captain, I've got a match ; if you will lend mc a cicrar I'll smoke.' " I was outdone, and not only gave him the cigar but said tbat I would give him his" dinner if he would tell me how he had man aged it. He agreed, and in a neighboring restaurant he explained that he had caught the express and got in ahead of my train." . Criticism as is Criticism.— Col. " Pat ' Donan doesn't like the play of "Hamlet." Hear the eloquent adjcctivcslinger: "I have no patience, much less sympathy, with a . wretched weakling who goes around jabber ing at dilapitated old ghosts in tin helmets and green gauze veils, under bogus moonlight ; everlastingly threatening to do something, and never doing it ; driving his sweetheart to lu nacy and a catfish death, by his dime-museum freaks : making stump speeches to skulls and grave-diggers; going into all sorts of he-hys terics; and at last, running a section of bar bed wire fence, in the most approved Clnca- go pig- sticking style, through his dead girl's bioUier, and dying himself, to slow fiddle- music, amid a general carnage of lunatics and wreck of absurdities." 