THfi flOOLIST. JLOYEE AJND LOliu. By the Author or 'A MAD LOVE, Ac. CHAPTER X. A WD ho walked away quickly, evidently leaolvod to trust himself in such a dangerous vioinity no moro. Ho admired Mihs Joyce aa much as it woo in his Hasp nnturo to admire any croatod being but Sir Qeorgo C roues te. her brichtnoss. vivucitv. and roiulv wit being, ho thought, the proper complement of hie mora solid morits ; but from that momont ho diamissod docisivoly all notion of making her his own. ' The girl has the evil ay a, don't you know 1' ha would solemnly and with ovidont sincerity assure bis friends whon twitted with bis andden defcotion. ' It's an uwful thing ; but she hns it. She put it on poor Do Grotton yesterday, compnrod tbo bride to Lucia, uod all that sort of thing ; and this is tbo and of it.' And meantime, whilo her mother raved helplessly in one room and her stcp-fatlior lay in a horrible mockery of death in another, while the servants, with a ghastly relish, discussed the terriblo tidings, Cristino Singleton, with cold trembling fingers, unfolded tho newspaper and learned in detail haw far her vongoaaco had outstripped bor wishes, how utter was tha ruin she hud wrought. ' This morning tha qoiot Devonshire villago #f QvaIth Viiwnnn tnnu s>lArtr>ift horrible ocourronco. Lord do Grettoe, who was married only yertnrduy to Miss Nora Brueo, a young and bouutiful lady to wboui he was romantically nttaobed, and who had broeght his bride to ClifF Cottago, tbo lovely marine villa of our respected county member, Mr. Calmuyno, woe found stubbed to tbo heart and quito dead in tho smaller library, us it is called, a room uponing into private apurtmonts of tha noblo puir. Tho Bad discovery was made by a sorvant, who, entering the room ahaut seven o'clock to open the shatters, found them ana tbo Fronch windows widely open, tbo whito mats and dnlicato-bucd carpets covered with blood, and Lard do Grettoe deud upon tho ground. ' la bissurprisound horror, the ninn uttorcd n load cry, which quickly brought all tho bouse to bis assistance. A doctor, who was on tbesopt in a vory tew minutes, pronounced that lite had boon extinct soma hours, and tbat death was the result of a stub from behind, a wound tbat could by no possibility have been eelf-inflictod, even were thero any suggestion of suicido in tho case. ' And new almost the strangest part of the story must bo told. Whon the first thrilling ezeitcment of bewildered horror had a littlo subsided, the servants began to think it strange that one person alono should sleep on ixJIaHtphnrl fltrniinli all flinflin find Imut.lrt. and tbat tbo one whom tbo sad event principally concerned. 'Lady do Grotton's maid was deputed to break the news es gently us might bo to the widowed bride. But tbo youug woman soon returned, filled with horror and consternation, to announce that Lady de Grotton wus now bare to be found, Activo inquiries wore inptitutod und evory effort uiudu to truco the missing lady, but up to this moment without success. 1 The tragic ovont has oust a gloom over the whole villago and tbo neighbouring town, which in this tho annual Regatta wcok, is unusually full.' So ruti the reporter's telegraphed com munication, a moro meagre outline of tho tale that would bo fully told to morrow. But Cristine's guilty conscience could help to fill in every dotail and make the drama horribly complete. Sitting in tho falling twilight, with tho helpless dying man for her solo companion, she saw tho wholo cruel scone enacted before her dry and burning eyes. Not for ono second did sho doubt that, driven to actual madoess, Nora had struck that desperato and fatal blow — not tor ooo second did she doubt tbat, though sho was amenable to no human law, and hud in no way endangered her own life and liberty, in very truth th brand of Cain burned redly on her own brow, und tbat she Cristino Siuglotou, was a murderess in the sight of Heaven. She pushed back the soft fair hair that clustered on her smooth whito brow, as though sho really expected to find the fiery brand thoro. Whatever of lioart and conscience tha girl possessed was stung into life at last — thought had becomo torture, hor own society an unendurable anguish ; but thero was no one to whom she could speak, no one to givo hor ono grain of liopo or comfort. She bud thirstod for vengeance on tho girl who bad innocently wronged her— plotted, planned, and prayed for it ; it had como row, and, in the full fruition of her wicked wish, she felt tbat her own punishment had begun. Why had sho always hated Nora Bruco ? She asked herself tho question now as sho hud often asked it botoro ; but nevor until now nau sho giyen it a truthful answer. Beeauso sbo bod always wronged her. As a young girl, she had taken tho child's place in her father's houso, as a young woman kept hor jealously in tho background, until tho beauty she had docriod and ridiculed and secretly onvied had outsbono hor own pale charms and won hor lovor from bor. Thon the latent fire of hatred hnd leaped into living flame, and sho had sworn that in some fashion or othor sbo would crush hor sistir-rivul# Now tbat vow was kept ; Nora was crushed jndeod— a fugitive — a murderess. With a low shuddering cry, Oristino covered her eyes, aod know at last how bitter is tho rotten heart of tbat temptiog Dead-Sea fruit tbat men call human vengeance. Sho had bitten it through to the vory core, and its burning gall mast sting and blistor on her lips for ever. A light tap at tbo door roused ber from her miserablo droamiogs. She turned and saw a woman-servant with it look of mysterious importance bcokoning her out. . A gootloman to see you, miss/ the woman fluid, in tho husky whispor that tho wholo household hod adopted as propnr to tho occasion, thongh tho loudest shout would not have pierced the dulled cars of tho stricken mao. ' To see me ! I can eoo no one, Susao ; you master must not bo loft.' ' Oh but tho nurse is roady to tako hor place, and tho gentleman says his business is most argcntl Ho looks it too, moro like n ghost Hun ft living man !' Oristino hoBitatcd as tho woman with voluble porsifitfuicn urged hor point. It would be an tmittterahlo reliof to escape into auy company from tbo meroiless phantoms tbat pursued her. Evon this speech with tbo sorraut seemed to bavo lifted somo portion of tho dull heavy woigbt from her brain. But, on too othor hand, what had this man 1 to toll hor — somo now tulo of horror, somo yet ghustlior .incident of tho story that fillod all her thoughts V ' Who is the gontlomnn, Susan 1 ' I do not know him, miss, and could not quito cutoh his name — 3Ir. Beau — Beau— somnthing like that.' Cristine's hoart suoinod to stand still. Tho worst that could cotno to her had come ; Arthur Beaupri, tho ono boiog on earth who had cvor Rtirred her cold solfish nuturo to anytluugliko genuine tondorucsa, was hero to donounco ftud curse her. She must face tho worst. Yes, iu an instant sho decided that anything was batter than suspense. 'Tell Mr, Beaupre I will como,' alio said quietly, though her tcclh chattered as with cold, aiid her pule face took a bluish-grey tinge thai frightened tho woman. Cristino Singleton wa9 oo favourite with sorvauts ns a rule, sho was too arrogant and oxuccing for that; but, looking at her now, thiBono was touched with midden pity. ' Let mo got you somo aol-volatilo, miss, or a glass of wine, or a littlo brandy,' sbo said persuasively. ' You bavo tasted nothing to day, and you look us though you woro filiat ing.' ' X nevor faint. Be kind enough to take tnr messutro— and send the nurso here.' Sho spoko coldly, ns though tho suggestion displeased her; und tho woman wont oil shrugging her shouldors and regretting that she hud mudo it. 4 Miss Nora would huvo thanked tno liko a lady, whother sho took tho things or not; but sbo was al.vays worth a dozon of tbo othor— though thoy do say sho is a murderess now — ugh I' With a nervous look up und down tho durkoning corridors, tho woman hur/icd moro swiftly on her way, 'It's enough to curdlo your blood to livo in a house wheio such things tiro oven talked about. I do hopo I sball got into a respect- ablo family next time,' Fivo minutes later Cristino Singleton ptishod open tho library door, and dtood, u solf-convictod culprit, in Arthur Beaupre's presence. He did not sou her at first, stand ing as he was with his back to tho door and bis fuco buried in otic shading hand. Situ stood watching him for a minute or so, his elbow planted on tiio chimuey- piece, his eyes hidden, but ono half of the handsome haggard face reflected in tho glass. Would lie never look round, novor speak 7 Sho dared not address him, durod oot uiovo another stop iu his directioit — dared only stand just within i ho door, waitiug with clasped bunds and dowubont head, as u criminal awuita .sentence. Tho strained silence grew horrible; a little nigh fluttered to her lips, a moro broken breath, but it reached his our and he turned. Was this Arthur Beaupre? Even in her wild terror the cruel contrast butwoon tho hright-fuced boyish Arthur of tho old duys uod this man, whoso hicu seemed sot in a rigid uwtul pallor, whoso ayes seoiood to huvo darkened nnd loat all their vivid hluo, struck hor sharply. Was this too hor work ? Tho thought flushed through hor brain, and was ifono in a second ; tho next momont sho was cowering under the fierce angor of oyes that seemed to burn into her brain. ' Oh, Arthur,' sho cried, wildly thrusting iu her weak plou for pardon heforo ho had time to accuse her, 'forgive inn; I could not dream that it would coiue to tliiu I I would die to-night to undo what huvo done !' ' Dio !' he echoed, in a harsh grating voice. ' To dio easy ; wo huvo to live through this. Cristino Singleton, where in Nora 7 Where is the girl whoso lifo you have destroyed?' CHAPTER XI. ' Wiiebk is Nora ?' It seemed to Cristiuo's excited funcy liko a far-off echo of the question put to Cain ; and the unuwor of tho first murderer fluttered to her lips, hut louml no uiierunco there. Use less indued would it he to tueot Arthur Buuupre's .searching eyes, and try by excuses or evasion to escape their merciless scrutiny. How much or hew Utile ho kuow of tho I terriblo tragedy and its real oause tho girl could not guoss-- enough doubtless to con demn her and hold hor responsible for much of the tnisory and madness it revealed. 'Whore is Nora?' the man repeated firmly, coming a step or two nearer, aud spoaking iu a low tone. ' What spot uf earth hiiHsho found rcfugo in to-day V ' Sho is not hero,' Cristino cried faintly. ' I have only just read the dreadful story in tho paper. Captain Bruce is paralysed and dying ; my mother has brokou down undor the blow; I utu quito alone. Oh, Arthur, pity and forgive mo ! 1 um puuished lor my Hill. ' Pity you 7 ho answered, with a laugh that mado bor shudder. ' Pity, you, whon I still seo Nora's fuco as 1 saw it la it night — when T remember tho cruel trop into which you betrayed her? No, .Miss Singleton, 1 am nut saint ooough for that.' ' You saw ber thoo 7' Cristino asked eagerly, forgetting oven ber own fears, oven the man's ficrco anger, iu hor oraviug to hour more. ' Before or after ?' 'I saw her iu tho ovouiog. Obeying your tolegraphod instructions, I reached Stoke Vernon between six and seven o'clock- I found Nora ou tho beach, told hor uiy story, and heard hers. Your drama ot rovongo could huvo worked to uo bettor denouement, Mis? Sioglctoo, Lord de Grotton found us .togetbor, und took his wife away,' Ho spoko with studied calmness, but Cristino saw groat drops gather thickly on his forehead ; and hor own heart sank within ber. ' Oh, Arthur,' sho said, olasping her hands in passionate ontroaty, 'forgot who I am and how I huvo wronged her I Toll me only did sho do this droudful thing?' ' If alio did,' Arthur answered stornly, ' tho sin lies loss at her door that at yours. You drove hor mad among you ; und it, ia bur madness, sho Oh, Heaven, it is too horrible 1' The strong man broko down with a wuiliug pitiful cry, and turned awuy his face, ' My poor Nora, my innocent loving darling, Heaven has forsaken you indcod 1' 'Tno wages of siu is death I' Cristino had smucd cruelly and selfishly, and her wagos woro paid in lull. Tho bitterness of death indued was hers as she listened to that anguished hoart-brukou cry, and know that, though all tho world might Hock iu to com fort tho strickon man, sho alono, sho, who in hor way had loved him well and truly, must for shiimo'8 snko bo mute. Perhaps tho sharpest ating of all tho many that pierced hor aching hoart lay iu tbo thought that her sin had lioou so vuiu. Shu had parted Arthur and Nora for even indeed but quito as effectually had sho parted Arthur aud hersolf. Novor would the blue oyca that once hud looked on her ho kiudly hold anything but loathing for hor new. Novor till her life's end would Arthui Bouuprc forgive hor. Crushed, humiliated, suffering as sho hnd not thought it was in her naturu to suffer, she stood in dazed sitoucu waiting for him to speak ; and at last, with an effort, he tnustorod the anguish that possessed him aod raised bis haggard fuco. This house will bo watched, of course,' ho said; and Cristino shuddered at tho desperate oulinness of tho words and nil tbat thoy impliod. 1 An sho has not como before, she will never roach it now. And yet, poor maddened child, what othor refuge cau she find 7' 'I thought'— Cristiuo's voico trcmblod nervously over tbo suggestion — ' that perhaps iu hur misery she h.ul como to you.' 1 Heuvon forbid f he criod quickly. 'That would bo madness, and worse thau madness, indeed. It would give a motive for—' Oiico again ho broke down in a spasiu of fierce pain. Strong us ho was, lie could not force his tongue to uttor tho words that linked Norn's nairo with the lust and worst of crimes. But this time tile pause was fern moment only ; i.o went on, with a look of j quick relief — 'But hIio Iiuh uo clue to my u Imronbouts ; sho cannot find mo, ovon if sho wuuld.' ' Aud what shall you do mi"?' ' Go back to Stoke Vernon a' ouco,' lie roplied. 'Tho inquest will take pluco to morrow, aud I must he thoro. I cumo to sou Cuptuin Bruce now, hut 1 ' Captain Bruco tuny not live throught tho night.' J lis lips twitched a little; but tho news was uo news to him ; he simply bent his head, md brought his brows together iu more con centrated thotipht. And .Mrs. Bruce is ill, ynu say 7 And Vnnco ? Where is your brother 7 With a little weary gesture Cristino pushed back her fair hair and stared half stupidly, as though the question bewildered her. Vnnco ? I do uot know whore Vance is. Nora knows.' How unconsciously the familiar words slipped from imr lips 1 With what a strange new significance they fell ou her curs and tliOHO of tho listening man. The Nora of whom sho hnd tiuoQ meanly jealous, to whom she had grudged her brothers careless con fidence) und affection, had chunked so strangely ?ow, itsoemed a sacrilege to name hor in that easy everyday fashion. But tho worJs filled Arthur's mind with othor though is. 4 He hns out boon here ? She tuuy huvo goue to hiui 7' Cristino shook her fair h»nd decidedly. 1 Mo is not iu England ; I am suru of it.' 4 Well, there is uo moru to he suid.' Arthur moved toward the door as ho Hpoke, possessed by a feverish longing to be up and doing. Mo would willingly havo gone without another word ; hut Cristtnc stood, oot accidentally, but of set purpose, full in ids pathway, aud until sho chose to movo he could not reach the door. No impulse of pity had stayed tho denunciatory word? upon his lips. He felt nothing but loathing for (ho traitress at whou door he laid all tha misory that had come upon him ; he felt only too weary and hc only at all costs to udcupo from Cristiuc .Singleton's presence. Yet a imrdor-heurtcd man than ho might b ivcbeonmovedio pity bytho wild-eyed white- faced girl whose muchitinlious had rocoilcd so terribly upon liorsmf. Sho looked with a now-born pitiful humility into tho worn liaggurd face; she tried to speak, but the words aicd nway in an inarticulate murmur; and, acting on a Kuihlmi passionate impulse, she Hung herself upon her knees, caught the astonished man's hand in her own, an » clung to i' with a sort of desperate energy, while ureal scorching tears, the first she had shed that day, rained dowu tho white upturned face, and wild uck lefts words cumc brokenly from her pule quivering lips. 4 Arthur, listen to me — for a moment only J You do not know nil, or you would per haps— ' 1 I do know all,' ho interrupted storuly ; 'ami that is why I am pitiless to you. 1 know that von kept hack my lotters, that you suffered Nora to boliovu me dead, that you urged and drove her into a marriage that »u" luuuiuu, uuti uiai— l cannot spun ui it ; my own words nmdden mo. Let me pass, Miss Singleton, if you are wise.' Mo tried to shake off the clinging clasp ; hut, without actual brutality, lie could nut succeed. CYisiiim's slim fingers only lighteued their grip as sho cried, betwoou tho sobs that shook the slender prostrate figuro with no feigned grief — 4 Yes ; 1 admit it all. bavo sinned ; but aiu I not punished now ? Arthur, for pity's sake do not look liko that I It was for your sake. I think jealousy turned my hi aiu. I loved ynu so truly, so dearly ! Ah I' She sank lower still, and hid her face with a despairing erv, for in a fierce revulsion of disguHt Arthur Boauprd shook himself free, nnd stood ovor lo»r with a flush of angry scorn upou his hco and hot iudignutiou in his eyes. 'Love — for my rniko !' ho exclaimed, with a fiorco iucisivc scorn that struck like a kuifo— struck straight in tho girl'H sore heart. ' If I had not loathed nnd huted you before, 1 shouln hate you now for thoso words.' 'That is enough' Oristino roso to hor foot, nnd spoko with a sort of sullon coin- posuro. 4 You shall not hear them again, and I will kpop you no longor. Only tell me this boforo you go. All that has pnssod since you Baw Nora Just has mado no difference in your feelings ; fnleo ns she has been ovon to you, guilty though sho is, you love her still T ' Willi all my heart,' Arthur answered fervently, without u second's hesitation. 1 Wronged und wretched as she is, I hive her >till. I may novor see her again ; but, for her sake, I shall love no other woumn till I diu.' Thoro was something of relief to his over wrought fcolings in tho utturanco of his forvoot confession of fail h. Somo of the old brightness woke in tho deep blue eyes, the rigid lines around tho lips relaxed, the wholo face sceuiod to softon in a tiunsfiguriug glow. Aud in proportion to the softening of her companion's whs the hardening uf Cristine's fuco. Tho look of pouitcnliul pleading vanished with tbo tears she brushed away indignantly. Sho drew herself defiantly erect; the bright o/ch regained their steady glitter, though the lids worn still reddened and tho lushes were wot. In that decisive inomaiH the elm tubers of Cristino Singleton's soul hud been tlnowii widely open; F.tto might havo willed that it sfimild receive ungolie visitant; but Arthur Beaupic wus pitiless, and thero entered seven demons woreo than those that dwelt with her before — demons tbat filled her with hitterm-H und jealousy and engor longing for revenge. ' You love her still,' sho echoed, with slow und cruel emphasis; 4 then I still hale her-- remember that, Arthur Beaupic, and remem ber that it is your work. An hour ago 1 pitiod her, I leather myself; now She paused with a strange sneering smile that filled the listening muu with chill fore- bud i tigs. ' You havo dona your worst — you cannot linrt ker more f' ho cried holly, though all thn titno lie felt miserably incredulous of his own words. 4 Wait I' With cruel force Cristino struck , her slander hand upon the table ; but sh<' | went on, as pitiless of tho physical pain kIio gavo herself as of tho mental anguish she dealt out to him. ' Can Nora afford another uucray? Shu is a fugitive iron justice, the police nro ou her tiuck. Yes' — as sho noted : thousiieu hue of the bronzed face, the qui»or! of tho fitm lips — 4 she has a wurld iu arms against her already. An hour ugo, ns Heaven is my wiuiess, I would have helped and shielded her by every mentis in toy puwor; now I would stir neither hand nor foot to save her from the— scaffold !' Ah the Inst hideous word fell uu his ear, it n irrepressible cry broke from Arthur Beuuptd'a lips It was echoed by a shrill laugh froui Crist in -. At last she h id struck home. 4 Cannot you hear tho thuuuht? Well, things as hard as limthtivo been homo before now. Faces as fairas Nora's havoslmne from the felon's dock, ncckrt as delicutu havo fell the haiicman's hand. Of course it will bo a dreadful disgrace tu us, but——' Arthur heard uu more. Woman us she »vas, he dared not trust himself long r in her presence; the wild loathing, the hot linger thai rose within him as shu exulted malignumU uvur vim |>iui.ihu ui uuiun mill tinun wuuld have driven him iu a moment tu forget hor sex und silnnco the cruel lips. Without a word or look, ho pushed past her, and want out. Tho cool freshness of thn nighi-wimi played upon his hcuted temples as he walked xloug, hardly leunwing whither he wont in the violent agitation of his thoughts; and graduully. as he loft the house behind him. and escaped from the overpowering horror of Cristino Singleton's pr. seace, his brain bo.au to clear aud his fancies to assume some thing liko coherency and .shape. Hud he really harmed the girl whom he would— ob, how morn l.han gladly — have died to servo aud ?uvc? Should ho for bar Hake have played the hypucrito with Cristino, have seemed to pardon aud trust tho fear- born penitence that made her humble hurjelf at his feet 7 Ho could not toll. It was even uncles to debate the qunstiou now. The die was cast, und, whutever alio might have been, Miss Siugletou was onco again her step-sister's viudictivc enemy, would toll utdy too gladly all that she knew — and how terribly that all would toll aguiust the fugitive brid:. Aitliui uclcnowlodged with a thrill of sharpest agony aud help, as kIio saiil, to tighten tho rope around the slender uruk thut only yesterday wus clasped by the delicate bridal pearls. 1 Oil, Nora, my lost darling, if thoy have | not tracked you dowu already, where are you hidden now? Oh, Nura, if I could stand by your coffin to-night, could look upon tho calm doad hiatity of your fuco, and know you wcru safo from shamo and paiu to come, 1 would thank Heaven ns man surely never thanked Heaven before !' Again and again the passionate wish came flushing through Iuh brain, cutting the threat nf every thought and negativing every wildly- imagined plan with tho suggestion of tho only possible hope. Yes — in death only could lie Htm a champion for Nora now— in thn grave her one escape frum tho doom that awaited her here. Ono thing alono absolutely certain and thoughts. Uo must return to Stoke Veruon at oooo, must learn for himself all that there was to loam, and oven for himself to be prosont ul the inquest, Ho had littlo hopo of hoaring anything that would clear Nora's radiant image from tho thick miHtrt of horror and suspicion that had gathered round it. Seeing, as ho did see witli aching persistency, Norn's face turuodin that wild backward glunoo, hoaring, as he did hear, tho constant echo of the cold cutting touoH, tho sharp stinging words, with which tho doomed man exprcssod his sensoof the wrong done him, and his determination to avenge it, ha could not and did not doubt that ho ho:l left n madwomnu with n hard und cruel titsktniiHte, und tint, driven to nctttid frenzy, Nora had .struck tho fatal blow, (to uk continued.) A LIVING Scotch judge, who in celebrated for his opigrainntic observations, suid of u r?c Church, thai it wub 4 the huuviost inpurnnco against firu ou record V Tho Into munager of a Scottish Eire Otlicn, who happened to bo present when the iiemurk wus mado, offorcd tho following comment: — Possibly, uiy : lord ? but you will udinit thut cases occur whuro tho premium scarcoly covers tbo risk f I Did any careful scientist ovorcomputo tho uutnbor of revolutions a particularly obnoxi ous lly can make at times round tho lioad of u tuuu whon very busy 1 