— ? - BreTitfes. .London wheat market inactive. ? Very bad weather in Albury yesterday. A stabbing affray at Mudgee on Saturday. . 6. B. D. is said to have gone over to the grab 8Mb. ' . Heavy rains in the English wheat-growing dis tricts. On the tapis. — A duel between 'honorable gentlemen. Successful trials made with the Brennan torpedo * at Sheeraess, A. F. Gorman won the Tempe Sheffield Handi «ap_.on;..Saturday. . ..=. . v ? .?taEypkjwl still stalk? jn Melbourne— and has a .rJYftMn,.dipbt]ieria. .,,.:?? t ^?Jiussyi still declines to reeo^iise the election ; 0^ Prince Ferdinand. B;. fc. ' 227Spz 16dwt gold arrived from Brisbane yes Jterday by the Barcoo. . , ?„ In the Wilcannia. districts .wet weather has delayed the lamb-marking. yr . On Saturday afternoon, a large anti-Chinese .meeting was held iu Brisbane. . Lord and Lady Brasseyto say farewell to ' our beautiful Harbor ' this afternoon. Lord Brassey gives a cup to be sailed for next I. reason by members of the R,S.T.S. ?The Court of the Argentine Republic has given judgment in Mrs. Langwortby's case. ,.-A strong south-west wind, causing a rough sea, prevailed at Gabo Island this morning. ^The earthquake at Vernoe, Turkestan, was more disastrous than at first reported. . JHibberd won the .Newcastle Sprint Handicap on Saturday, from the 15 yards mark. .{ There has been a sufficiency of rain in Western . Australia, and a good season promises. iiiEkere is every prospect that the Darling River . wi.U continue navigable for months yet. ..; £r?!he 'Unemployed' meetings at the Statue ^commencing to die a natural death. ~ - :o .The Japanese .man-of-war Eiujo left port .yesterday in continuation of her cruise. ; The Rev. Dr. Dale, the«minent Congregational minister, has left England for Australia. The Chinese Commissioners leave overland, from Newcastle, for Brisbane to-morrow. ? A meeting has been held at Gosford to' protest ? againBtthe removal of the police magistrate. ? Another attempt is to be made to float the ? steamer Wentworth from the reef at Bowen. ? A movement is on foot to establish an Agri ? cultural and Pastoral Association in Gundagai. ? Fearful railway collision in Canada; 100 per ? sons fearfully injured, and 14 burned to death. ? The English, Scottish, and Australian Char ? tered Bank has declared a dividend of 10 per ? cent. ? : Richmond Eiver steamer Irvington stuck on ? a snag in the South Arm on Saturday, and ? sank. ????.-. ? ? Young reported showery weather this morning. ? Otherwise there was no rain falling in this ? cclony. ? The rate of increase of population in New ? 7ealand for the . last ten .years has been 15,000 ? a year. ? Sir Robert Stout declares that he would abolish ? the Upper, Houee in New Zealand if he bad the ? power, ? In the return cricket match, Players v. ? Gentlemen, at Lords, the latter were again de B feated. fl The Colonial Bank of New Zealand pays a ? dividend of 7 per cent., and carries forward ? .£10,000. ? Nearly 6000 tons of the new.season's teas from ? Foochow arrived at Sydney and Melbourne since H Saturday. : ? Steam yacht Sunbeam with Lord and Lady ? Brassey is to arrive at Newcastle about 11 o'clock H in the morning. * - - - ? H Hughes, the West Australian outlaw, recently ? captured, has been committed for trial on the H charge of murder. ? The Shamrock Meat Preserving Co., of Maifc ? land, bought stock to the value of £17,000 durino ? the last halt-year. H Lord Shaftesbury, accompanied by Mr. Paget ? Toynbee, is on a visit to Sydney. He arrived from ? China on Saturday. ? A man named White was killed at Drysdale, ? nsar Geelong, Vic, on Saturday, by the fall of a ? mil, blown down by the wind. ? Sir Benjamin Browne, the well-known Tyne ? sider, has accepted the project of the Midland ? Railway inlVestern Australia. ? Henry Hiseocks, a passenger by the ship Sir ? Walter Raleigh from London to Sydnev, died ? from consumption. on June 17 last. ? For cruelly ffltreating a horse, rhomas Hen ? Kings was this morning, in the Central Police ? Court, fined 20s ; in default, seven days' gaol. ? The Penrith ghost story is still a mystery. The H young fellow who saw the ' vision ' has shunned ? the night ever Bince he 8aw the headless man. ? H.M.S. Nelson and Opal are to sail for the S.S. ?j Islands to-morrow. The German war squadron ^H will sail about the same time on a similar mis H sion. ? Yesterday morning was recovered the body of ? young Mr. M'Mahon, who was drowned on H Friday afternoon in a waterhole near Btaid H wood. H Should no further development of smallnox ? take place during the week, it is probable that' all M the people removed from the Sailors' Home will ? be released. ? The enginedrivers and firemen of the Victorian ? Railways Department have a 'down' on Mr. ? Alison Smith, acting locomotive superintendent ? in that service. ? A public meeting in Iugnam (Q.), has decided ? that the only hop^s for the agricultural prosperity H of Queensland fies in reciprocity between that ? colony and Victoria. ? Edward CarL 68, a laborer (English) was taken ? to the Prince Alfred Hospital on Saturday, suf ? fering from injuries caused by his having been ? kicked by a horse. ? Mr. Angus Cameron, M.L.A. for Kiania, will ? shortly visit that electorate with the view of ? settling the vexed question of the site for the H railway station there. ? The private secretary of the Mayor of Sydney ? fcas received from Messrs. John Frazer and Co., ? merchants, York-street, JS100 toward the Bulli ? Disaster Belief Fund. I '^Mr- J- Gta7» secretary to the St. Leonards m Debating Society, denies that the society holds ? :ts meetings with closed doors. He also denies m chat there are two debating societies at North ? Shore. I it.Tiie ^'Z Premier **-M his constituents the ? ther day that he would have re fused his knight ? hood had he not thought it would have looked ? something like snobbery on his part not to have ? accepted it. ? . Dr. Dunne, Eoman Catholic Archbishop of' ? Brisbane, says that as the education in the State ? schools of the colony cost £7 per child, the Eoman ? Catholics are defrauded by legislation of over ? £40,000 yearly. H Major Atkinson, the leader of the Opposition in am New Zealand, has been awarded a vote of no ? confidence by his constituents. The gallant ? major has not, it seems, been sufficiently mindful ? cf the local wants. ? The committee appointed to formulate a scheme ? for the development of the wine and fruit in ? dustries of South Australia, can recommend \- ? nothing better than an export duty on the pro ' ? ducts of both kinds. ; ? Mr. John Baynes, M.L.A., addressed hiscon . ? etiluents at Mudgee on Saturday evening. He ; ? fiafd tfiat Mudgee gave millions in wealth to ; ? Sydney, and received in return only 'crippled, I ? hand-led enterprises.' I ? Sir Henry Parkea will -visit Manly by way of I I ^e ' S&t; ' to-morrow, in company with Mr. I B Austin, Mayor of Manly. The object of the visit I ? U to ascertain the best means of obtaining direct | fl Communication with Manly by way of the Military I ? The rendition of Bauer's 'Ava Marie,' by 1 S Miss Deane, and Messrs. AHpress andDelaney, I fl ** St' Ma*y'8' yesterday, was. Indeed, a. treat. =; V Miss Deane's singing was exquisite, Mr. Allpress's I H execution on the violin superb, and Mr. Delaney's I H accompaniment on the organ perfect. I Qantlemen, inapeot the new and auperb atook of I ihirte, oollarv, searfa, and umbrelUa at 8. Whiddon, 135 and 187, Oiford-Btreet. city.— 89. I Th« Jubilee has been »«re«tsaooeu( fhovgh we Eoink « greater Buooew lu been attuned by tbe rnitnben - who bare -bees to take advantsire of John M'Eroy'B -S8rd wmuDl «ale, ttow mi, of boots and ihoet, ihowing- reductions axe «ppreowted, at 574, Q«n«04tB0tt.— 99. X»ttew*U'» Uonster CoaBBltatien, Bank Haadi wp, ww -ABfttrt ,1, at Canterbaryi mod th» I BDriBff Handicap, xvnBaBdwiak.Aiinrtfi7f.MMh I BOW) sub«,y/S0-( snow open aai fliUsg x»pidW. _:.. There was a destructive fire in JBega- en Satur, jday -night.- ...-. ft-..- ? :. _ : -' Inwafd'Suez ma^l per K.M^S. Orm^z arrived in Melbourne this morning, and the Sydney portion ia due here to-morrbSv. ! Dr. Brown and some other leading residents of CootaaiaKdra, town and district, are trying to form a local iunt club. A number o? persons have passed their exami nation, aud have obtained licences to survey under the Crown Land* Act. General Schaw, who has been called upon by the Government to report on the fortifications,' will visit Sydney about the end of the month. The Government have accepted the tender of Mr. Tornaghi for the supply of the clock and bells for the tower of tte General Post-office. The price is £5480. A young man. named William Farnow, who pleaded guilty in the Central Police Court this morning to a charge of a common assault upon an old woman, was fined £5, in default three months' imprisonment. Only 827 gentlemen recommended to the Go vernment as being fit persons to be placed on the commission of the peaoe. - It is worthy of note that nearly all the names have been sent in by members of Parliament. In the Central Police Court, to-day, John O'Donnell, who was found guilty of a charge of having a gong in his possession reasonably sus pected to have been stolen, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. James O'Brien was' committed for trial in Albury, this morning, on the charge of having maliciously inflicted grievous bodily harm on John Anthony Wells, and having assaulted, with intent to stab, George Deabel. Mr. Charles Moore, curator of the Botanic Gardens, strongly tcbndem'rfs the'whble'sale destruc tion of native flowers for ' show ' purposes. ' The season will shortly commence, and invariably the shows are carried out in the name of religion. A young, man named John Andrews was at the Central Police Court to-day sentenced to three months' imprisonment for stealing a coat, vest, three shirt studs and a pawn- ticket of the value of £2, the property of- Charles Robinson. 