nDiaccnaiicoiie^ Peats of Jockeys-—Frank Duller re marked, after one of his races for the Derby, that lie could bavo won on either of the first three horses, I tlo not know who the other two jockeys that opposed Kim were, but 1 can quite understand the thing being fea sible. Two men had ridden their own horses in n race. After it was over, the winner, who only gained the verdict by a head, said to his opponent,— "Now, if you like, I will change horses and run for the same amount again, weights and distances as before." This the other jumped at, and, after due time, it was run off, when, to his utter as tonishment, the loser of the first race was again beaten,, and the losing horse success ful. Many instances are to be read of where j jockeys, after winning a race or match, have persuaded some ■friend or master to buy the horse that was opposed to them and make a match with the winner, in which enso the result'hiis been reversed. _ The " Druid" records one or two instances in which the Chifneys accomplished feats of this sort. Of coursc, sometimes it may happen, from their not considering the beatcn | horso quite up to the murk at the time ho ran; but it is recorded also that, in well known cases, they havo seen that he has not been so handled as to make the most of biu, ! A Curious Custom.—It is well known that in the olden times many holiday diver sions, aud even occasional fairs, w6re held within the precincts of English parish i churches. For instance, in the registers at Winchester there is to bo seen a copy of a mandate from William o£, Wykeham which forbids the celebration of games in the church and the churchyard of Kingston-on-Thames; It would appear, however, that even this strong measure did not prevent the practice of an ancient custom, of which little or no thing is known, except that it is though t_ to have been peculiar to Kingston, but which was carried on in the church itself during divine service down to the beginning of this century. The congregation nsscd to crack nuts during the service on the Sunday before the eve of St. Michael's Day. Hence that Sunday was called " Crock-nut Sunday." The custom was nob restrained nor confined to the younger branches of the congregation, but practised alike by young and old ; and it is on record that the noise caused by the cracking was often so loud and so powerful as to oblige the minister to break up for a time his reading or his sermon until silence wa3 restored. The above cilstom was thought by one or two antiquarians to have been connected in some way or other with the choosing of bailiffs or other members of the corporate body on Michaelmas day, and was the usual feast which attended that proceed ing. " When the Brains are Out "—Two re markablo and wonderful cases of recovery from bullet wounds have lately taken place in London. In pne case, that of a girl who was shot by her lover, the bullet is deeply imbedded in the head, too deep to admit of any operation; yet the patient has been dis charged from the . hospital, convalescent; The other case was one of attempted suicide, the sufferer having shot himself in the head with a revolver. In this cnse,.tooj the bullet is still in the brain, and in such a position as to prevent the operation of extraction.,-; In spite of this, the patient has been discharged from hospital care, and it is said that lie suf fers no inconvenience from the consequence of his rash act. A curious coincidence in connection with these cases is that both shots were fired on the samo day, the nineteenth of June, and that both cases were .treated, in the London Hospital. 11 The times have been," says Shakespeare, "that when the brains were out, tho man would die." The poet puts these words into tho mouth of Macbeth, whenr that; wioked king sees the ghost of the murdered lianquo rise before him. In the case just cited we havo a reality which no poet could equal in romance. People walking about in tho flesh with bullets in their brains arc certainly far moro wonderful things than spectres. These marvellous recoveries from what, a low years ( ago, would have meant certain deolh, must bo credited to surgical Bkill and. the modern antiseptic method of treating wounds. Tragic Use of a Tolephono.—it wo arc to bolieve a story told by tho Uclgian corres pondent of tho Figaro, the telephone has ro-. ccntly been put upon novel duty in Brussels under circumstances of an extremely tragic character. A young lady of that'city mis took, it appears, tho civilities of ayoungnmn who visited at her parent's house for atten tions of a more serious nature. To her great surprise and mortification, however,she learned some little time ago that'he was en gaged to one of her friends. Shortly after shemadotho discovery " the, young man re eeived a Bummons to plaoo-himself: in tele phonic rapport with » friend who had some thing to say to him. Tho friend turned out •to bo tho young lady who loved, him not wisely but, as the sequol shows, too well. Without wasting time on preliminaries, she asked him point-blank if it was truo ' tljat he wns going to marry Mademoisollo ■;? Ho replied that it was quite true. " Then "ood-byo for over," were tho next words which reached his eaTS, and they were imme diately followed by the-report of a fire arm. The poor girl had'lodged n revolver, bullet in her heart. She had thus, with the aid of the telephone, nindc the man for whom she had sacrificed herself assist at hor suicide, while putting it absolutely out of his power to do do anything to prevent it. : A Dream Saves a Dog.3,rl'c,ro ";ns ereat rejoicing in a certain household nv the town of A-— ono morning over the restora tion of a pet dog. Tho dog had been miss-, inn for three weeks, mid even a throe-line advertisement in tho local. papers failedtto. discover his whereabouts, lhe owner was nluntred in grief at the unaccountable disap nearancc of Dot, and wns nearly prepared to suspect the neighbors of foul play. - It, also worried the almost life-long employee of the family) and one night his sleep was; troubled by dreams in which ho constantly saw the missing dog in an old, unusod cell, partly filled up with dirt aud ashes,' beneath the, side piazza. He was so deeply impressed by tho dream that lie wns unable to sleep after midnight, and at six o clock the next morning the household was startled by the sound of loud hammering on the side piazza. Tho man was removing the flooring, and, sure enough, when tho well was exposed to view, there was tho missing dogt alive and well, and overjoyed at the prospect of libera tion. Although confined three weeks in this narrrow prison, without, food or water, and air no? of the purest, Dot seemed as lively as ever, with no appearance of emn , elation. .■ A Wonderful City.—The city of London is tho most wonderful plneo in tho whole world, and its frequenters. the most wonder ful people. 11 is tho smallest of cities, but tho most valuable. It hns nn area of one square: mile, but that one square jnile pro duces a rental of.four millions per annum,and its inhabitants pay one-soventh of the general rates of the wholo Metropolis, wiilch hns an area -of ono hundred and twenty: square mlle;«. Land is now sometimes sold in tlic country at about ton pounds per acre,, which Is equal to a halfpenny per square! ynrd. It has been sold in the city at six ' hundred and forty pounds per sqwiro yard. . In other words; tho prico nf a square yard of land in Lombnrd street hns realized n sum that would purchase a nice llttlo freehold es tate in Berkshire of sixty-four ncres. It Is cnlculntcd that ten thousand people enter the city daily, Sundays excepted, in hope of making money without " toiling or spin ning." |53S 