Mites which Attack Tines. The accompanying illustrations represent enlarged drawings of mites found attaoking the roots of vines at Dalwood (in the northern diatriots of New South Wales). Concerning these Mr. Frazer S. Crawford, of Adelaide, has written to us as follows :- ' The miorosoopio slides reoeived are of two families of mitos-ono an oribatida or beetlemite (fig. 1), found just beneath the bark of the larger roots ; the other a rhizoglyphus or rootmite (fig. 2), taken from the interior of nodules found on the smaller roots of the vines. The ordinary prooeaa of "mounting" an inaeot for miorosoopio examination oauses it to he squeezed perfeotly flat, to the detriment of ita joints. &c;, whioh beoome more or loss displaoed. ° As the mseot Fia. 2. THE BOOT MITE. Magnified 60 times. FIG. 1. THE BEETLE MITE. , Magnified 80 times. ia also rendered tranaparenfc, it makes it ofto diffioult to deteot the relative position of part whioh lie in the same line of vision. Heno the effect is muon the same as what puzzled Soroog when, through the waistooat in front, he beheld th two buttons at the haok of the ooat of Marley' ghost; and we have only to imagine the ghos reduoed to the thioknesa of a sheet of paper to mab the analogy completo. Owing to thia peculiarity, fig. 1 ia aomewha puzzling to understand ; beoause, although intendei to represent the insect as aeon when lying on iti back, it yet shows parts whioh would be quite in visible were it alive. This p«tioularly applies t< the mouth organs, whioh are in nature arranged ii the oppoBite way to that in whioh they appear in th< drawing. That is, the parts shown aa immediately in front are really at the back. It waa necessary tc draw them in this way in order to show them in on( view, whioh otherwise oould not have been dearly done. In a paper intended for the general reader it wonk be out of keeping to enter into minute scientific details. Suffice it, then, to say that this mite diffère in many reapeota from the ordinary type of iti family, and that it ia probably olosely allied to thc genus hoplophora. , From an economic point of view the subjeot ie interesting ; beoauBe the oribatidte are not supposed to be injurious mites. They are said generally to lead a vagabond and solitary existence, frequenting mosses and the sheltered banks of water, or the undei parts of atones on humid soil. One species has been aooused by Ourtis of injuring fruit trees. But a Frenoh authority asserts that he has observed the same mite living on the eggs and larva; of other mites and of thrips, &o.; ; so that they may be considered beneficial rather than injurious. The genus hoplophora has been found at the roots of vinea both in England and America. But it is not mentioned on what it lives. The rhizoglyphua (fig. 2) ia an undoubtedly pernioioua mite. It differs from an oribatida in being soffc-bodied, like its near ally, the oheeso mite., Its mouth organs are very different from those of the beetlemite, aa an inspection of tho two figures will show. The lega are short and atout, with a powerful claw, andona or more spike like processes at the extremities. These are admirably adapted for tearing vegetable tisane. No mention is made in Murray'a "Aptera" of its oreating nodules in vine roots. One apeoies has been deaoribed by Riley aa aeaooiating with the phyl loxera in both Europe and America, upon whioh it haB been suggested that it feeds. If these nodules are caused by the mite, it ia a very important faot. At tho Bama time, as nodules are one of the character istics of the presenoe of phylloxera, a most oareful examination should be made (if not done already) to deteot the presenoe of that pest, when, if not discovered, the life history of this mite should be speoially studied. 