"FOOTPRINTS .i THI BY MISS DORA RUSSELL,` Authoress of "Annabel's Rival," "Lad, Sefton's Pride," "Cromsus' Widow," etc. CHAPTER XIV. Cow.screcc. In spite of Dick's coldness-nay, Eliza beth sometimes thought his shuddering aversion to her now, she tried to do'hel duty to him as a faithful wife in the dart days after his father's death,-she felt indeed, such intense pity for him that shi was ready to forgive all his shortcomings "If I had done it," she would say to herself, and shiver at the very though of what must be Dick's feelings now. During a sharp attack of illness, whicl was undoubtedly brought onby his exces sire drinking, Elizabeth attended on hin with untiring devotion, and by doing si drew even some. expression of gratitude f~ kindness from the miserable and embit tered man, " You are very kind, Lissa," he said one night, as she was sitting watching him; ani Lissa rose, smiled, and smoothed his pil low, and gently laid a fresh cold watel bandage on his aching burning brow. As she did so Dick caught her hand in his, and pressed it to his lips. "Oh! why were you not always like this to me 1" he said. " Why did you nol love me long ago, Liasa 1 We might have been so happy then.- - Dick almost whisperered the last feu words, but Elizabeth'heard them. "We must try to be happy now,'" she said, gently, "' or at least content, Dick.' " No, it cannot be,"'said Dick, turning restlessly on his bed, "It cannot, can. not be'. . '"But let us try, 'Dick,' urged.Eliza. beth; but the young man only moaned and hid his face impatiently away from her. . Still Dick was gentler after this illness, and for a timeat least was more temperate in his habits, and Elizabeth began to hope that the dark cloud might pass away from him -nay, might leave him, perhaps, a better and more thoughtful man. - So the autumn 'crept away, and the early winter came-heralded in by a snow storm; the first snow which had fallen at Wendell since the fatalstorm when Harry Tyrell's body had been found, and when all Elizabeth's bright hopes of happiness were ended. . The sight of the whiteflakesagain float. ing downwards not unnaturally painfully affected her, and prevented her noticing the dark, gloomy looks with which Dick also regarded the falling snow. All through the day he dranki heavily, and at night had to be half-dragged, half carried to his room, sinking into a heavy and apparently undisturbed slumber, when he got there; and after watching him for a little while, Elizabeth, wearied with the emotions of the day, lay down on a conch near, and presently fell into a light sleep. In the middle of thile night' however about midnight-she suddenly awoke. The moon was shining in at the windows, showing each object more distinctly from the reflection of the white surface on the ground outside, and when Elizabeth opened her eyes she had the startled feel ing that ahe had been roused from her sleep by some noise in the room. . Wondering and half. afraid she •looked up, and even as she did so, a hollow, un natural voice near her said- . : "Haurry Tyrdl !" It is almost impossible to describe the horror that Elizabeth felt ass the name of the unfortunate murdered young man in in the dead of night thus sounded in her ears, and a suppressed cry broke from her paloe.lips, while her face grew white and clammy., "Are you,.come bick'.' went.on the same unnatural 'voice ; and then there was a violent novgment, apparently in the bed, and Elizabeth, starting up with a shriek, ran towards it, and then sa- Dicki distinctly by the:moonlight lying witt: ghastly face and upraised arms as if' in some frightful dieam, .. "Dick ! Dick!l"she ried,'rousing him, and after a whil .his heavy slumbering senses awoke . '! What is it '? he said, and then he shuddered. "You were, dreaming; I, think," said Elizabeth, still .terrified. " Have ynu been dreaming ? You were talking in your sleep, Dick." .'tAy-what did I sasy" he usked a moment later. " "'Oh! some uolly," answered poor Elizabeth, "but you startled1 me.". And then she lay. down .on the couch again; hiding hei head under a coverlet-unable to forget the awful sound of the, dead man's name. Alas! this .vision:ofDick's was but a: 1- beginning of a frightful attack of brait o delirium, for again in the middle of thi r- following night Dick began to call albut rt on Harry Tyrell's name, and apparentl. a- to struggle in the mo?g, violentthroe. \- with some invisible adversary.i :..". Sick and pale Elizabeth rosie ai callei r. his brothers, but DiF'ildid "no;' knov d them, but sat up in bed aid shrieked,:ain if gazed with terror,-tricke~n,..fjde opet"afec id at a ray of moonlight which crept in be e tween the blind and the window, apos r- trophising it, as if it were some living fearful thingr r. "Comeon !" he cried, waving his arms d "Why do you stand there - Why do yot re beckon me, Harry Tyrell, to follow yot [r through the snow 1" "He thinks it's Harry Tyrell's ghost,' y said Hal Horton, in a frightened whisper, .e in Elizabeth's ear. if i "He'e's nd1 mor ?icoolly,t" weAid bettersed foslths e doctor, Lissa 1" a "No, no, Bob," answered Lissa, shrinkingly, "Let us watch him ourselves \- -let us keep it a secret between` us." " He was sure to take it," went on Bob, "going on as he's been doing. He drank a a bottle of brandy yesterday, I'm certain." "Let us put in the shutters, and light . the gas, said dha, prackT c lv..p tgwr o ing his- presence of-nind and-natural sharpness. "It's the moonlig'ht'sn the snow that makes him think of ghstS , for it shoueijust-like-this-_the-oightJtsJ r a Harry.Tyrel1 wasinurdered." r r " es" -said Elizabeth, _hudderingly, e "put in the shutters, Hal ; light the gas and the fire; keep out the moon." I ": "Are yougone-'", said -Dick-,in the same unnatural voice, as Hal'dashed'in the shutters. "Gone beckoning-beckon f ing still-" And he sprang out of bed, and endeavoured to leap out of the win dow, but was forcibly held back by his two young brothers. His delirium changed in character after the gas and the fire,were, lit, and he fincies that he wa5wpickiqgji girat? ff the bed;.naid. feeding som'e; tame' eliehsauts which he had kept when he was a alioy..: -. It' as-ehsiertto manago=hi m when'in this mood; and all the rest of the night Elizabeth atid'tlie two young Hortons sat up. with him; Elizabeth soothing and a humouring hiii as bestashe could. i He was so exhausted and feeble in the morning that Elizabeth grew alarmed,'and dared no longer resist sending for the country doctor near, who, when he arrived, shook his head and tapped his foiehedstL='i ; JU13 i {. " Ah," he said, "brain, brain f-an over. wroughtbrain. What hias he been takitg~' \- Sirce-tiny'poor uncle-ea)K etlhj tated Elizabeth, "I fear that poorl Dick ha=betia:taiki g.toa $it lich" .. " So I'thought," said the doctor, shak in~g his .head, again,;ind ifhinn'ill the time a full and complete knowledge bf the a fact from;the gossip. in the neighbour hood. "Nervous excitability unduly developedd by.the over use,of stimulants. IA 'said case beit .iot `uibcosismbfnoii-every excuse it' theease of' Mr Richard, too, after the unfortunate accident when his poor father .lost his life;"~r: ?- . All day Dick continued very ill but towards night he reltgtiigt@ýf}and }hf tr s tieetlcfoream 'the evemntig'ei thought. that the attack was yieldisngto treatment,, and prophesied that Dick iwould soon be well. ';' Elizabeth- and-Bob" agreed- to sit up. with him, and as the night wore oni ?16b grew weary,-.and s'lutbered in his chair, but towards midnight a violent attack of rrrs sco snare sila Jh itnfortunate Again-Elicabeth- heard Harry Tyrell's name shrieked.forth in,tones of intense. dread and fear; again "with•startitn?eyes Dick seemed.tyrithing with an unseen foe, while great drops of dew broke out on his ghastly face. It was ",Hif-y tyfell*:.Hirry Irell' t always, until Elizsbqth rev sick-;wlth' fear; fancying even that she too saw a pale shadow in some dark corner of the room, resembling the- form of the young man who had been carried into the dining room on the morning that his lifeless body had been found. "O, Bob!" she said, going up and waking her sleeping brother-in-law, who started up and rubbed his eyes. " What is it I" he said. " I declare L was dreaming-dreaming of Harry Tyrell's "te is cllng on him again, said Elizabeth, shivering and creeping nearer to Bob.- ,; :; t "Don't" beckon,` don't beckon ;any more !" shouted Dick from the bed. " I'll come !",- And again, as on the preious night, he sprang up,.and again hac tobj.b forcibly restrained by his brother and' Elizabeth. Night after snight for, nearly a week these dreadful "attacks came on until Elizabeth was utterly worsn out with watching, while a yvaue dread and sus-. picton beganto creepito .her mind. i In the morning, and during the day, Dick was always quieter, but at night violent paroxysms shook him from limb to limonl afia h'e ,;ratiably;adarea'?`e the same spectre that he fancied was in the rqom.. Then, little by little, his delusions greir less violent, and gradually yielded to; the doctor's treatment, and in about ten days after his first seizure, Dick, pale, stricken, and chasiged, wasbce morbe abl toappear dostistairs. '. Sir John Tyrell called to ask how he was during .his illness, and saw with real regret how dreadfully ;'it liad told tipon Elizabeth. She was nervous to an alarm insg eiteni, '?hid started at the least noire, and hler state left a very painful imprs ?ion upon SirJohn's mipnd.ai.- I " 'I'join my sonin IParis next week,? he aid, in his quiet voice. "Ise-is .hoe- wellJfaltered l :Elizabeth. "Not very welliI- fancy," answered Sir John. "I do not think that heihas ever been very well since he went-to China." - . "No said Elizabeth, and a choliing spasm rose in her throat. Slrangedoubts indeed soere Seginniitlfs oppr'ai.niod dis tsect her'mi caisd 'Why did'theimembry aif Harry Tyrell haunt Dick's dissrders brain withsuch strange pertinacity.l Was there any reason other than his father's death, for his settled gloom, his sullen andf determinate ,remorasw -T These thoughts had recirred againand again toB Elizabeth's mind during the-dread. midiiht hours when Dick held his ghastlyconrersofwith the dead. His brother Bob, too, had looked at Elizabeth once or twice witih uneasy fear in his glance, when Dick repeated and repeated in tones of thril ling horror Harry Tyrell's name, always fancying that he was beckoning to him or calling on him to follow him thronh thesenos-. s .: E u?" (To be Contiuedfs -) At the che life nothing equals ioe Bitters to allay all troubles ineidet thlereto. iWith" 'tarazen -defrdtkujta!e ' alsracterlea dealers and importers represnt imitation off Woirsv's ScItt'eSrtx ber capble of eridi-; cating thej?aiedidises sand to possess as ins.lavor as,tiatpri.me meelicinal bever. pudliate their' oindt'ions, which are rof onsly hurtful, biht in sitany instaateivery're pugonant to the-taste. ,No -PAC~Er eAi B.W L-kOr'I E S.- reoue ohemist forHarria'm'e Cor arid artfh orlaer to avoid disappointmenot, don't be persuadedl. to. take - any. of the worthletss. imitations offeredid place of it. 3runerous testimonials certify to its worth.. Sold ,regil .byi all che. mists. Irieels, or by pos t i s s In ?iazp'. 1\. Harrietn,' Chemss't, Prhrai.a Wh'olemalk -en"ts, 31rers Rtocke, Topritst, and Co., Melbourne. The People Want Proof.-There' i ino medicine prescribed by physicians, or soild by Druggists, that carries such evidei?c of 'its success and superior a-irtue as BosCREE's Gea.?.s. Sya'a' for severe Colughs, Colds, settled on the breast, Cosumaption, or any disease of the Throat and Lungo.: A proof of that fact is that any person attlicted cainu get a Sample Bottle for Od and try iis supte: rior effect before buying tlhe reaglar size is 4us 6t. It has latelyban introduced idlthat country from Germany, ahd itt wonderful cures are astonishing every one that uses it; Three doo.s will relieve any case. '-Try it.' All Chemists Storekeepers Wholesale by BOCKE, TOMPs'rI &S; Co, Helborre;:. • . . . - , . . : .. .- 72 