— — - . Ibnntor. A man's MotUer-in-Law. It is a mystery which no one has yet solved, why so many sad jokes arc constantly bc:.n« perpetrated about. a man's mother-in-law. What dreadful crime has the ' unfortunate woman committed in providing the man with his wife; that". he should bear such an undy ing grudge egainst her? Now if it was a woman's mother-in-law who was made the butt of these jokes there might be a grain of sense in them ; for- it is the .man's mother who has it in lier power . to make life a burden to the young wife and not half try. As a matter of fact, a woman is usually proud and fond of her son-in-law if he only gives her the ghost of a chance. When the young couple first go to house keeping who is it that comes in ancl with her good sense and practical experience, tides them over the rough places ? A man's mother-in-law. It is the woman's mother-in-law who is " most apt to criticise, and who exasperates the young wife by quoting, ail too frequently, '"My son is used to have tilings thus and so." " My son must have this or that for his meals." "My son, with his small income, .. should have married a prudent, economical, woman," etc. , When the first baby makes it appearance, as well as the successive ones, who is it that steps in and relieves the husband of his weary vigils, and takes the load of care and worry off the wife's feeble shoulders, and keeps the IioDsehold running smoothly ? The man's mother-in-law. "When he and his wife plan to take a little trip together, who is ft comes in and takes charge of the house and the children, so that they can peacefully enjoy their holiday, with the restful thought. " Mother is there and it will be all right ?" The man's mother-in-law. When -there is sickness or trouble in the house, who is tlie faithful nurse, the 'wise counsellor, the sympathizing friend ? . , The man's mother-in-law. And if, in the course of events, tlie wife dies, who is it that usua'ly comes in arid takes carc of the children, and keeps up the home till the bereaved husband has time to look around 'and find another wife? A man's mother-in-law. - And how does he reward her for all this devotion? By making heartless jokes at her expense, and publishing them for othcr.mcn to snicker over! -s. Ingratitude, lliy name" is Man J 