The King's School, Parramatta. THB ceremony of laying the foundationstone of the new chapel in connection with the King's School, was performed yesterday afternoon by Lady Oarrington in the the presence of a large assemblage. For the occasion, tbe stone was surrounded by a temporary enclosure snrrounded by tarpaulins, and gaily -decorated with bunting, banners, and evergreens. This irovided shelter from the sun's rays for the brilliant company, and other visitors ware: accommodated with seats facing tbe -centre of attraction. Tbe plans for the chapel to be erected have been prepared by Messrs. Loweish and Moorehouse, architects, Bond-street, Sydney, and Mr. W. Noller, the contractor, is entrusted with tbe carrying out of their designs. The concrete foundations have already been set, and the stone laid by Lady Carrington, and which measures 3ft x 2Jft x 21ft will be a prominent feature in the east wall. -It bears the date, 1887, and in the centre of it has been chiselled out a maltese cross. This stone rests on the coping line. The building will be of stone with shingle roof, and of the Gothio style of architecture. The main building will be 62ft. 6ia. x 23ft.* «nd in the north side will be an organ chamber, 8ft. x 9 ft, and in the sonth side there will be a vestry, 10ft. Sin. x 13ft. On the south .west corner will be the main entrance porch, 6ft. x 4ft. 6in. Tbe roof will have frame principals of kauri pine and colonial pine. The building will be lighted by 16 windows in the main church, 4 lights in the organ chamber, and 4 in tbe vestry, and there will be two windows in tbe porch. Hie church and the nave will have a tiled floor. At the far east end will be a raised platform of stone margin with tiles. On the sou',h-east corner there will be s stone belfry. The outer walls of the chapel will be rockfaced with moulded string courses and base, and the windows will have carved muUions. The weBt guble will be of wood so as to allow for extension. Over the east gable will be a carved orntmental cross. Over tbe main porch will be affixed the inscription, " Ora et labors." The oontract was accepted for £1775. Shortly after 3 o'clock,., their Excellencies Lord and Lady Carringlon arrived at the King's School, and were received by the masters of the tchool. The scholars were drawn up in double file opposite the entrance as a guard of honor. Their Excellencies were accompanied by Mr. Cunliffe, as aide-de-camp. Sir George and Lady Innes, Lady Martin and Miss Martin, and the Bight Rev. the Primate. Among the company who had now assembled were Mr. H. Taylor, M.L.A., Mr. Frank Farnell, M.L.A., Dr. Woolls, Dr. Johnson, Messrs. C. W. Lloyd, F. C. Cox, &c.;, &c.; There was also a large gathering of ladies, who, in tbeir bright summer costumes, gave light and colour to the proceedings. Lord and Lady Carrington, having been presented with an address on their arrival, proceeded to the temporary structure raised for the occasion. They were shortly afterwards followed by the Bishop of Sydney and other clergymen in full canonicals, ana a service in harmony with the occasion was carried through, the musical portion being led by the choir of the school, Mr. Massey presiding at the organ. Jn the midst of the service Lady Carrington laid the stone. Archdeacon Gunther presented her with a silver trowel with ivory handle, on which was engraved:—" Presented to the Hoc. Lady Carrington on the occasion of laying the Foundation of the King's School Chapel, 21st October, 1887." This was accompanied with a myall-wood mallet, having inserted in the handle Lady Carrington's initials. The scroll was placed inside a leaden box and inserted in a cavity underneath the stone. Lady Carrington, in performing the ceremony repeated the following wordB:—" In the faith of Christ, and with prayer fer the blessing of God, I lay the Foundation Stone of tbe Chapel of this School, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Amen, On the scroll was written, —"51st year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria; Bobert Carrington, Baron, Governor; Bishop Barry, Primate; A. St, John Grey, headmaster; Dr. Colette, bon secretary of the King's Sohool Council.' The remainder of the service having been carried out, The Biahop delivered an address, taking for his text I. Romans, xii., 6,—" So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and overy one members one of another." His Lordship dwelt on tbe unity of the body in the Church, which was the ideal of human society; one body in Christ Jesus, one unity in brotherhood. St. Paul taught them that all unity of the human family was shadowed forth in tbe Church of Christ, and in the life of every branch of the community. If education was worthy of anything it must be of the whole humanity—of the mind, the body and the soul. The chapel waB the life of every great school j Bchool sermons from time immemorial were invaluable, but he thought more of the common worship. There were two great characteristics of the English nation from an educational point of view—the religion which was taught in their schools, and the freedom which was allowed. On tbe same great system of absolutism which would prevent them from losing that Christianity they could not do without, this great system of freedom of life in the school was tolerated. He earnestly hoped the older pupils of the school would extern^ their their sympathy and assist the school. There were two things which the school would ever teach—a spirit cf true manliness, and the de. portment of christian gentlemen. When they contemplated the future work of the chapel, they must pray that it wonldjresult in much good being done. His Lordship then alluded to the fact that there was a sum of £800 still required to cover the cost of the building, and he wished they would gtneronsly respond and assist them tn raise that amount. The party then proceeded to tbe large schoolroom, and, being seated, the Bev. A. St. John Grey said before he proceeded with the few remarks (be intended to make, he had the pleasant duty, in the name of the King's School, council, masters and boys, to welcome Lord and Lady Carrington. He must leturn bis sincare thanks for the great honpr done them by their presence. He would need tbe silver tongue of Hermes to do justice to his subject. He knew tbeir object was tu improve their higher life, and be could assure them that they had in the boys of the King's Sohool gentlemen who were loyal to the Queen, the Governor, and their country, and he was sure, it would please their Excellencies to know, that their labour had not been in vain, and hoped that next year they would confer on them the honour of tbeir presence' gain. (Cheers.) Addressing the company present, Mr. Grey ontinued:—He had to thank them for doing what they bad done for him since he had tbe honor of being head-master of the school. Eighteen months ago the school ,was passing through a period of temporary-digression to which be did not wish to r ier at any length. That depression had passed away. Their*return to a happier state had been brought about by many causes. He had the support of a loyal Council, nnder their venerable Primate, who, be .would say, let him do aahe liked: ^Laughter). He must speak of the way in which he had received the loyal support of loving colleagues, and also the hearty co-operation of boys than whom be hoped never to have worse. He had in addition to all this, tbe support uid devoted zeal and can of Mrs. Grey. - (Cheers.) This would all have been of no avail without he had their hearty support and confidence, and for having given him that he musttha.uk them most freely and generously.. The treatment Mrs. Gray" and be had received since their arrival in the colony had helped to lessen the pangs of parting with many dear old friends in the old country. Be desired to sea King's School conducted on the same lines as the public schools of England. , Much was still to "be dose to attain this end, but be hoped they would not ' rest, but keep going on. Since Ifiet year they bad bad a gymnasium erected—one ef the largest in (be colony, and a modelcottage hospital. The qcarters of the masters had been made more comfortable, and they bad been nnder the pleasing necessity of adding to their dormitory- aooommodation. The library was very popular, and a, magazine had also been established in connection with the school. Intellectually, -the year bad been one of good progress, theresults of tbe senior examinations though not up to bis expectations—because all tbe boys who wept np did not pass—were very satisfactory, for they hsd no real ground of complaint, as the proportion of toys that passed would compare favourably with any other sohool. Sut he did not regard University examinations as the sole teats of advance- ^ ment. ''They were progressing morally - and socially, and he desired to Have character formed on . the basis of Christianity. As a great teacher bad s&id; ft was not the question whether the school had 100, 200, or 1300 boys, but whether it should be s school of Christian gentlemen. He would once again commit lo their keeping the fbrtunes of the King's School, and he looked forward to the fnt are with every confidence and hope. (Cheers.) HiB Excellency the Governor then distributed the prises to students who bad gained them at the last June examinations. Bishop parry said, as chairman of the council he was privileged to ask them to give their Excellencies, Lord and Lady Carrington a hearty vote of.thanks for having honored them with their presence that day. They all knew how ready they were to at all times lend thier aid and presence to advance .every good cause, but, as an old public school man, they bad claims on Xord Carrington which made bis presence^ more pleasurable. Whether eduration was carried on at Eton or here, the work was characteristically tbe same, an all-round educa- tion which embraced the whole of humanity. He rejoiced at the introduction of tbe gymnasium' for he believed in play-ground education ; an(| if he might throw out a suggestion, he would advise them to introduce the workshop education. His Lordship then referred to educating the body as well as the mind, and passed a high eulogium on Mr. St. John Gray for his work in connection with the school. SIB GBOEOE INNES seconded the motion of thanks, and referred in a happy manner to the pleasant days he bad spent in the old school. Loan CittRtNQTOK said he had to offer them hearty thanks for another expression of their goodwill, and contrasted the system of education of 100 years ago to that of the present day. His Excellency concluded a happy speech by asking for an extre week's holiday at Christmas, to which Mr. Grey acceded, amidst hearty cheers from the boys. A portrait in oils of the late headmaster, the Kev. G. F. Macarthur, was then unveiled, and, in his unavoidable absence, two addresses and a purse of 420 sovereigns were presented to the Ven. Archdeacon Giinther on his behalf by the Bev. Mr. Kemp, particulars of which ceremony we are compelled by pressure of spaoe to hold over till next issue. 