Before the tender for the Ballan and Bacchus Marsh railway is accepted, and before the colony is committed to the construction of this very costly piece of line, the public have a right to know whether the easiest, safest, and the cheapest route has been chosen, and if ’ not, why not ? Some time since we! published some statements with regard j to this “ last link,” as it is termed, ' which raised a doubt as to whether a j comparatively cheap and undeubtcilly; safe line bad not been deliberately; abandoned in favor of a route which j is neither safe nor cheap, and which; would seriously discount the present! advantage, to secure which an enormous' outlay is proposed. In the present; •case our assumption was that the old; surveyed route from P&rwan; ts Ballan! is the easiest to build and to work, and: the safest and speediest for traffic, and; (that the one for which tenders have! been invited is longer, is beset with! ■extraordinary engineering difficulties,.; and, if made, would never be so safe or; •so good a line. If those who decide: these matters wish to commit the colony; to an extra cost of seores of thousands; •of pounds, for a much less satisfactory; ■result than would’be possible by the .cheaper scheme, iu whose interest and j -on whose authority are they doing so 1 lit is hardly necessary to point out: .that if, in the location of new lines,, the nominal and proper object of rail way making ceases to be the supreme consideration, the door is opened .wide for personal and political corruption of' the gravest kind, and the colonists who, use tiie lines and pay the taxes are de-. iiberately defrauded. 3T.rom sucli particulars as are sup plied it is clear that the Bacchus Marsh and Ballan line could hardly be worse than it is, in either an engineer ing -or an economic point of . view.; It averages about a bridge to the mile, and one at least of these bridges has no fewer than 17 spans. The earthworks are enormous, one of the banks being nearly 100 feet high, and some of the cuttings nearly 40 feet deep. Altogether there is a million ami a quarter cubic feet of earthworks provided for, and in lines of this class the first .estimate is, not unfrequeutly, doubled or trebled. Much of this enormous estimate of course refers to the 8b miles in the course of which the line ascends no less than 800 feet, or say, follows a grade of 1 in 4S. In addition .to the bridges before men tioned there is an average of about three culverts to the mile, and some at least of these will be expensive works. In fact the most casual glance at the engineering data supplied raises' at once an overwhelming presumption that the other must be the better and the cheaper line. Such a line as this promises to be would be open to the gravest objection if its purpose were to accommodate slew traffic only, but as a section of a great intercolonial high way for passengers and mails it is hard to look at it as anything but a gross blunder. It is simply absurd to pretend that an, eight-mile grade of one in 48 can ever be a safe line for passenger What may happen on grades, of this sort was shown at Peats Berry the other clay. And, in the absence of tragical acci dents, there is the -ever present evil that only small loads and at a low -speed can be taken up-,the hill, without tfxtra engine power, .v. bile the down journey, to be ordinarily safe, must be slow also, as the traipr, and all on beard them, will be absolutely at the mercy of the brake power. The in evitable loss of speed, waste of haulage power, enormous wear and tear, and, inevitable danger associated with grades of this kind absolutely con demn them, and there is nothing to justify their construction ex cept -the circumstance, which is not pretended to exist here, of . no -better route .being obtainable, fflie .matter has a yery wide interest as .affecting the value of the intercolonial-line, .and an even wider one as a possibly,un pardonable national blunder. We trust, therefore, that proceedings in reference tc the tenders will be stayed until enquiry has been made, aiul'that: bon. members will see to it dipt, the' enquiry is early and thorough. Tiie Local Government Act Amend ment Bill, which it is said is merely.a reproduction of the measure of the last cession, with the amendments arrived at after much, .debating carefully ex-r piirgated, is shortly- to be again intre-.j duced in the Assembly. The rep re-; sentatives of country constituencies: will, no doubt, watch this measure very-closely with a view of, as far as practicable, widening .the basis and scope of local government. Meantime the past and forthcoming elections in municipalities and shires afford the electors mi opportunity ,o f showing that they value the present small instalment of their natural lights, and \vouid like to see further practical progress in decentralisation. Jn a large number of cases there has been no contest, the candidates—principally retiring members,—enjoying a ■ walk over. We may interpret this as iud.i- j eating a good deal of apathy and want of public spirit among the electors, or ; that their present representatives have given complete satisfaction to the rate payers, One amendment which may well be introduced in the : -Local Government Bill is a provision that' • tlie annual elections shall hereafter be; held at a more convenient time"of the: year. We know of no special reason' why municipal elections should'be fixed for what is often the most "unpleasant month in the whole year, or- why they should not be held in September • or October, when the weather is more pleasant, and moving aboitt-more agree able to both candidates and ratepayers. Many -desirable candidates ••doubtless hesitate to face the contingencies of a contested election in the depth' of win ter, especially in new ffriires and .ref’ mote districts where, in -August, roads and rivers are usually formidable' rob stacles to easy travelling. It would be pleasant to 'believe' 'that the frequency of uncontested elections to municipal honors, is 'due to' the ex cellence of their representatives, • and to that excellence being'duly • appre ciated and rewarded. Bub >'we fear there is more apathy than' there should be, and that in'many - cases, the best and ablest men - see no sufficient temptation to offer their-ser vices. It is perhaps mot'much to say that the pcrsou-net 6£ many • municipal councils compares favorably-' with that of the Assembly itself,'for "we 'have happily among -our municipal '-repre sentatives many 'men 'who would do honor to the larger" legislative body. To hold that u -municipal position is only useful as' a stepping stone to the House 'of -Assembly, or that municipal affairs require nothing further than average’persona [respecta bility for their efficient management,, is not only 'to 'undervalue the system ©t local 'government, but to stand 'directly in "the wvay of its amendment and -expansion. There is no -civil .position to which a man can 'be called -vhiich re quires higher qualifications -both in ability ami integrity than’that of a municipal councillor, and to say that the -position is sometimes occu pied by men met ••conspicuous for either character, 'position, ' or ability, as only to say that the 'opportuni ties and privileges of • citizenship are strangely neglected by better men. If -a -man wishes totundertakeffhe larger representation of -an electoral district, the Municipal Council offers him excel lent training ground, but we honor the man -who -sees,-in tli-eiuepresenta iion of his -.fellow citizen's interest at the local board, a sufficient object of worthy ambition, .and whe does not •hanker for -any ■ ether social distinc tion. 'ln answer ten. question put by Mr Bent to Mr Gillies iii the Assembly 'last night, Mr Gillies said that the engines-for driving the proposed hydraulic maeliiueny-at tlic New port workshops will fee madedo-tlic colony. A summons was .yesterday . issued by Messrs Pearson and Maun, at "the instance of Mr Hede, husband-of the woman who re cently recovered damages lfrom the City Council for injuries sustained Ly- ian accident on-a street under the -control of the council. 'Mr .Hole now claims iMoO for'the costs of medical attendance on Iris wife cc-d. damages and.a solatium for the loss of iaer services and .society. Mrs Hade, lit njuxars, has heen.-SLifl'cring for some -time from tile results of the accident, and her medicalattendants state-that she will he compelled- to use crutches for at least another 12 months. There is another slander actionipehding in .which-residentsin this district are-interested. Mr Bridges Harvey, solicitor, of'Learmonth, has instituted proceedings to recover-,£250 damages from Sergeant Crowley, kite of the (same,place. The words oo:eplained.of are saidrto.have been used by Crowley tc.a client of M.r Harvey’s, reflecting on tl'.e latter pro fessional .capacity. ' The prosecutor .has re tained Mr Holden, while Sergeant 'Crawley h:u: Mr Gaunfc, who is ineivuotcd.by Messrs fearsou and Mann. We regret to have to record the death of Mr J. Troupe, which took place at Melbourne yestefalajva telegram to that effect -having been received by a friend.. The deceased was for many years locomotive foreman at the Ballarat-West Railway Station, during which time lie made many friends. Hi3 re-', mains will be brought to Ballarat for burial', to-day, the .funeral being announced to-take' place this afternoon. A collision-between two vehicles oceuiredi, yesterday afternoon in Bridge street, jit' seems that Mr -John Jordan, father of Mr: James A. Jordan, who recently purchased; the business of iH. and C. E. Smith, of the. Exhibition Mart, was driving a pair of; ponies down Victoria .street, when the off bit, broke, causing the animal to swerve. Thie. action startled-the other pony, and the pair : then became fractious, and finally ancon-: trollable. Mr Jordan realised his danger-1 ons position, seeing that the horses were racing down the .hill towards the Bridge street. A sudden jjerk unseated him, lie falling heavily on the road. He, however, retained his presence of mind, and held lightly to the reins, which caused him to he dragged at least 100 .yards along the street. When opposite the Exchange hotel the ponies ami buggy collided with a carrier’s van belonging to Mr Beckerleg, of Cres witlr. On approaching -the latter vehicle, Mr Jordan, who still clung manfully to the reins, vainly endeavored to avert the collision. The ponies, .however, did not answer the reins, and the,pole of the buggy struck the carrier’s horse on tiie chest, breaking the eyes of the pole, and thus liberating the ponies. The -force of the col lision drove the pole through the extreme length of the horse, causing, of course, instantaneous death. The accident was the means of drawing a large crowd, all of whom expressed surprise at the singular occurrence, and pleasure to find that Mr Jordan and Mr Bsekerleg had escaped almost unhurt. The t former sus tained contusions to the leg. The buggy was considerably damaged, and the ponies were, strange to say, only slightly injured. Mr Jordan, jun., who was immediately upon the scene of the accident, offered .to recom pense Mr Beekcrleg for the loss of ,1-is horse, although the occurrence was purely acci dental, but Mr Bcckerleg’s estimate of the value of the animal being thought 4c.0 high no settlement has yet been arrived g.%. The funeral of the late wife of Mr Thomas Wilson, the respected and popular trainer of Dowling Forest, took place yesterday., and her remains were interred in the Dowling Forost Cemetery. The funeral procession was one of the largest ever seen in the dis trict, and the estimation in which the de ceased lady was held was manifested in a marked manner by those who attended. The. eortege was over half a mile in length, and; included many of the most influential of our; local citizens and distrief residents. Messrs ' M. Louglilin, D. Bropliy, B. Hepburn, R. Oir, J. M'l’hei'son, R. Tunbridge, T. P. Palmer, T. Bath, J. MqTatt, and J. Lom bard acted as pall-bearers,and the coffin was b.pruc-from the hearse to tire grave by Messrs J. .awl G. Scobie, A. Ferguson, and J. Rennie. The Rev. A. Soufcr conducted a short .service at the house before starting for the cemetery, and at the grove his service was most impressive. Mr Chur;. Morris car ried out the mortuary arrangements in a satisfactory manner. professor Krause is about to give courses of lectures at the School of Mines .on deter minative mineralogy of metals and ores, and geology as applied to mining. The lectures on tire .first-mentioned subject will ibo de livered ou Mondays, from 4 to 5 p.iK.., and the secoud on Saturdays, from 12 to 1 o’clock. Both classes, .in a wiping community, slicuid attract a geed number,cf students. - A young map who gave his name as Wit, , liam Ross, 24 years of age, was arrested last ; night by Detective-Sergeant Charles anil De tective Rogersou on a charge of obtaining goods by false pretences. It appears that shortly before 8-o'clock the accused entered Mr Thomas Walker’s drapery establishment in Bridge street, and ordered goods to the .value of £3 Ss Gd. Ho tendered in payment a cheque on the National Bank in Melbourne, drawn in his own name. On the cheque being presented yesterday afternoon in Bah larat, it was found that Ross had no funds jn .the ban!' to meet the demand; and a, war* rant without delay issued for Ross’‘-arrest , This was very promptly, put into exe jcution by the two officers named above. It is alleged that Ross is the young inau “who „ lias been trying to negotiate cheques in. Melbourne during the last few days—sev< *ral of them for large amounts. In'ene ca se, a'cheque for £320 was given to Jl«t3rs D . Munro and Cos., as a' deposit for an-engin s, but, as the purchase was not i;e meved, i aor was value obtained for any of the othe r cheques, the police could not take aty acti> on. ' Comp laint is made of the foolish action of a resid .ent of Ballarat East iu playing ghost ” by wrapping himself in a white sheet r aid standing at street corners at late ‘hours of night. When women or children appro: tell the man makes a strange noise, at times imitating the snorting of a horse, and on ol ;her occasions growling like a bear. Scvei ;al females have, we are informed, been almo st frightened into hysterics through sudd .only encountering the white object midi >r the verandahs. On Friday night, at 11 o ’clock, a Mongolian, named Chick Lung, on meetiug the “ ghost” in the Main road aim .ost swooned witli fear, and when the spe ctre-like object extended an arm “ John” roe .red, and made off in the direction of the En stern Library. By a circuitous route he re: relied the camp before the break of day, ai alas he believed that the Evil One was still p' arsuing him, he deemed it necessary to iu t 31 view Joss. The keepers of the Joss -1 louse would not, nowever, open the doors of the building at that early hour of the morn ing, and then the disappointed and terrified Celestial paraded the streets iu the camp, exclaiming “ Him white thing catelice me. Chinaman no bad man.’* As might be ex pected, the whole camp was disturbed by the •cries of the agitated Chinaman, and at day ~break a meeting of Mongolians was held to hear Chick Lung’s story. The decision arrived at is unknown, but Joss will have much to do iu settling the matter. It is intended to set a watch on bis “ ghostship,” and if possible bring him before the police court. The first lecture of the series to the pre liminary class of the St. John Ambulance Association was delivered yesterday after noon at the School of Mines, by Dr Scott. The class is a large one, numbering close upon 40. A large number of persons yesterday visited the Ballarat Flue Art Gallery for the purpose of inspecting the picture “Breaking the News.” On all sides the painting received praise, and not a few questions were asked regarding the artist. The painter who is a cousion of Mr Long staff, chemist of Bridge street, is a resident of Shepparton. He leaves for England where he will further pursue his studies, on the 10th inst. We understand that Mr Jas. Ivey is making good progress with the machinery he intends to use in cutting the weeds in the lake and dredging it. Mr Ivey is confident that he will have it completed in time to do good work this coming season, and that it will answer all expectations. The formal declaration of the result of the Ballarat East Municipal election will take place at the Town Hall on Friday morning next. Mr Russell, M.L.A., the returning officer, will come to Ballarat by the first train from Melbourne on Friday. An old man named Joseph Shaw, who has been employed as a groom at the Buninyong hotel, was brought into Ballarat to the Hospital yesterday in an unconscious statu. It appears that on Monday while working about the stables, he fell and struck his head against some hard substance, rendering him unconscious, in which state he has been ever since. There- was no alteration in his con dition last evening. The twelfth grand champion sheep show of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held at the society’s show yards on Thursday and Friday, Ist and 2nd September. A liberal programme of prizes, amounting iu the aggaegate to £4OO, will be offered for competition. Entries must be lodged with the secretary, Mr Simon Morri son, at his office, No. 52 Doveton street north, before 6 p.m. on Wednesday, 24th instant, on which day all entries will be finally closed and catalogued. The man Ernest Miller, who was admitted to the Hospital last week, suffering from a wound in the throat, still remains in a pre carious condition in the institution. The Harding English Opera Company will open for a season of five nights at the Academy of Music on Monday next. The compauy includes Miss Grade Plaisted, Mr Charles Harding,-Mr Edwiu Kelly, MissE. Lambert, Mr J. A. South, and others. The initial production will be “ La Fillo do Madame Augot,” and “ Les Cloches de Corneville,” “ Girofie-Girofla,” “La Perri chole,” and “ Maritana ” will be produced , during the season. .‘.A young man named Meldrum, residing in-Peel street, sustained a severe wound in ■ the forehead yesterday through the slipping of the scissors which he was usiugin his work ias,a. paperhanger. The wound was dressed ■ at Jbe.Hospital. We.are requested to draw attention to an advertisement in another column, notifying .tlie.fimtl rehearsal of the fairy opera, “Lily iBgli;”: this evening, at 7.30 sharp. It ;ia,a full .rehearsal, and no visitors will be .admitted. ; It is anticipated that a large at rtandance .will reward the efforts of Mr Ramble in.Jiis endeavor to raise funds for prizes for the pupils of the city schools. Rn,accident, which might have had more serious . consequences, happened in Sturt street,. near .St. Andrew’s Ivirk, yesterday . afternoon. -Several, boys were .taking a load of briqks along on a hand-cart, some of the boys .drawing and two pushing behind, when, An-crossing a street channel, the shafts of .the vehicle broke short off. The cart lilted,up, .and deposited most of the contents on the-tw.o lads .who ..were.at tliejjack. One little fellow was .completely .covered, but, as the bricks.did ,not fall from any.height, he was fortunately .uninjured, .fie .was speedily rele&ced; from his .unpleasant position by passers-by, and on .regaining ,a standing posture lie gazed on the wreckage with a minirled -look of reproach and .astonish ment. A gay ,individual, .ip passing alpng the Main road on Sunday nigk-t, .amused himself by throwing a tumbler at the window .iu the dressmaking-establishment ci Mrs'Reynolds. The crash caused by the falling glass aroused the neighbours, several of whom thought that a building had collapsed through a sub sidence iu the ground. The matter has been reported to the police. A magisterial enquiry was held at Madden’s Flat on Monday morning by Mr Murray, J.P., on the body of a miner named James ScarlT, aged .55 .years,- who died some what suddenly at his residence on Saturday afternoon. Dr Seautlebury, who performed the post- mortem examination, deposed that the cause of death was “ serous apoplexy,” and the magistrates found accordingly. Our occasional contributor, “ Silverpen,” thus writes regarding a Ballarat young man: —“ Having to stay over the Sabbath in Wodonga, the border town of New South Wales, I hied away last Sunday morning to the Wesleyan Church, and found in the pulpit the Rev. Wesley Johns, a son of the late ‘ Father Johns,’ of Eureka street, Balla rat East—a man who, during his life, was greatly respected and loved by every one who knew him. The subject of his discourse on the occasion referred to was the suffer iings of Christ—lsaiah liii., 5—‘ He was wounded for our transgressions; He' was braised for our iniquities.’ The sermon was well arranged and excellently delivered. As a fiiallarat citizen, it was pleasing to me to hear Mr Johns spoken of very favorably, both as a preacher and pastor; and I have lifcblo -doubt, in years to come, Barkly street Sabbath school will be often referred to as the training home of a minister of the church of whom the Methodist conference need not be ashamed.” Our Sebastopol correspondent writing last evening says.—“ In addition to the nomina tions of the three retiring councillors (H.ughas, Williams, and Hicks), that of Mr P. Alroe has been received, consequently the returning officer, Mayor Matlies, will de clare a poll to be taken for the election of three of the four aspirants for municipal honors. Mr M.. Franklin has been re-elected auditor, there being no other candidate for that position.—Another old identity of Cam brian Hill passed away on Sunday night last, when Mr Bedggood succumbed after a pro tracted illness. The deceased leaves a widow and grown up family. He was highly respected by a host of friends.” At the Smythesdale Police Court on Tues day our local correspondent) several cases were *set down for hearing, but could not be dealt with, as only oue magistrate (Mayor Hart) was present, who was power less to act along; and the court was formally opened, aipl the gases adjourned for a week. The question of au addition to our present £ til of justices Plight at ones to be com fideretl, as several of our J’s.P. are now, irom various causes, prevented from attend ;ug the police court regnlarly, and the appointment of two more for Smythesdale j should, iu the public interest, be made with- j •out delay, if vexatious and -eostiy adjonrn-j incuts ure to be avoided. j A daughter of Constable Johnston, of Morwell, aged years, went out with her little brother on Senday to look for flowers, and while playing on the side of a well near the house she fell in, and was drowned before assistance could reach her. The Londoß correspondent of the Age states that a Royal stud stallion, Sword Dance, which has been purchased by the New Zealand Stud Company, has been shipped on board the steamer Aorangi, for Auckland. An Auckland telegram, published in the Argus, says that two boys named White were playing on Sunday near a quarryhole ’filled with water, when the youngest, aged eight, fell iu. His brother, who wos." four years older, plunged iu to biij struck his head against a jutting piece of rock, and was stunned, both boys being drowned. An Adelaide'telegram published', in..the Argm says: —“The contest between' the Shearers’ Union and the non-unionists is severe. At the last mectiug-cof the union it was stated that the shearers at Edicanv, station had-struck to become unionists. In the south-east the men had decided that they were now determined to wipe ont the labor agents. A large number of non-unionists were engaged, however, to-day, consisting of small settlers, at £1 per 100, the men find ing cooks’ wages and rations.” Mrs Gordon Baillie, the well-known-cham pion of Highland crofters (says the Age) was summoned to appear at the Prahran Court on Monday by E. Kempto?., grocer, Toorak road, South .Yarra, for a debt of £ll 17s 4d, goods sold and delivered. Defendant failed to appear, and in hex -absence the bench made au order for the amount, with 5s costs. A few days back a verdict was given against the same defendant for a debt of over £4 due to a dairyman. A Syduey telegram, published in the Tele graph, says: “ This morning a young woman named Isabella Thompson, a servant in the employ of Mr Turner, P.JL, Wollon gong, died from the effects of having taken ‘ rough on rats.’ The poison was taken by her in the course of Sunday. It appears the girl had been keeping compauy with a young man, a member of the Salvation Army, and it is stated that lie ruiued her on Thursday night, and on Saturday night quarrelled with her, because, as he said, he had found she was not virtuous. It is alleged that the man ruined her under a promise of mar riage,” ..... - A young man named Leeeh was searching for bird’s nests at Hazlewood, on Sunday, and in climbing a tree he fell and was killed. A most extraordinary case of kleptomania was dealt with on Monday at Belfast by the local bench. A domestic servant, named Sarah Ann Helmeyer, employed at a local bank as housemaid, was charged with stealing .£25 from the ißesideuce of a respectable laboriug man, named Wil liam Stevens, most of the money being in sovereigns. The -case was proved con clusively. She was also charged with stealing two silk handkerchiefs from the bedroom of Mr Clarke, the bank’s account ant, who, though he had lost several, could not positively identify his property. She was prosecuted also by the police for steal ing a silver watch aud chain belonging to a baker named George Lalferty, who identified his property. The prisoner sobbingly ad mitted her guilt, and elected to be dealt with summarily. After a severe lecture the bench (says the Herald) sentenced her to three mouths for stealing the money, 14 days for the handkerchief, and one mouth for the watch, the sentences to be concur rent. The Ilorsham Times, reports that a man named Adolph Wacli, who stated he came from Melbourne, has been arrested by 7 Con stable Alatear on a charge of having stoleu £132 3s 9d from Mr Lucas, of Laura, South Australia, in August, ISS6. At first he denied his ideutity, but when he was shown his photograph by the police he admitted lie was the man. Telegrams from Yea, Shepparton, and other places, published in last evening’s Herald, show that the whole of the Goul burn Valley, from Yea to Shepparton, and probably from Shepparton to the junction of the Murray, and the low-lying Sat country between Shepparton and Toeumwal is in a state of Hood. Snell an inundation has not been experienced -since IS7O. In some eases the rise has been so sudden that many people have been rescued from situations of imminent peril. The roads in many places are practically closed, and communication can only 7 be secured by boats. The Chineso Commissioners, who arrived at Townsville on Saturday (says the Argus correspondent), were interviewed by a depu tation representing the Charters Towers Miners’ Union, and the-Charters Towers and Townsville Anti-Chinese Leagues, who pre sented addresses drawing attention to the fact that Europeans could not desceud to the level of the Chinese, or raise the Chinese to their level, and that if Chinese immigration were not stopped Queensland would become an undesirable place of residence for the Chinese. General Wong Yung Ho was some what put out, and at the end of the inter view said that when he returned to China something would he done for better or worse that would be fit for Queensland. The following extract from the Record (London), 24th June, will he read with in terest:—“ Ladies in Surplices.—An innova tion in choirs was introduced on Sunday at St. Luke’s Church, one of the fashionable churches in Birmingham. For some time past the choir—a ladies and gentlemen’s voluntary—has been situated iu the gallery at the west end of the church. The Rev. W. B. Wilkinson, the vicar, feeling the in convenience of this arrangement, desired to remove it into the chancel. This necessi tated the introduction of surplices, but the difficulty was how to drape the ladies. This has been successfully got over. Very taste fully designed surplices have been made for the female members of the choir. They are of Scotch lawn, with pleated backs. Purple velvet caps complete the attire.” The Postal Department has now had a month’s experience of the operations of the new inland mail services. The officers state that, despite the fact that they 7 had to arrange for carrying on SOO services to over 1500 post-offices, not a hitch has y 7 et oc curred to mar the smooth working of the system. This result is especially gratifying in view of the extra work east upon the con tractors by the carriage of parcels under the inland parcels poet system. The total amount paid to contractors by the depart ment per annum is £54,000, exclusive of a sum of £40,000 contributed to the Railway Department for the use of mail vans on the various lines of the colony 7. 