'O N O n l- Ir. 1., 2 '8 . , ' .I Reopectinv Genesis ii' ' v 2,' 3, Tisho 1 Tomline thue writes-r-',' Itaploars fromGbn.: iL, 3, that God ', blossUd theosav.ontlh, dy, sandt sanctilied it," and thus ordained that novry yeolnth' day, 'or oni'd~y i e?.ivY,; eiisoulmla o. b'omlpted from' the o'rilhnar?lcares add liuni-1 noess of the world, and lhore iImniedfitely dddi. cated to religions noes nid tl1it6 diti?'oo d6 God. 'This ordiianoc, wlioh: 'from' the natu2e'of its' origin must necessarily be binding on 'all man. kind., wan ropoltod as one of the Ton Comn omandments given on Mount Sinoi, which our Lord 'explnossly declarod to be of perpeytual obligittion-.-Matt. v.; 17--19., ,''Tlo strict ob servance of 'tliohe 'vnth' doay or 'Sbbathl waso enforceed iupon tlio Jwis natimi 1by lJdeiiliar commnands, adapted to th'egdnioral otenor of institutions .ddnigied to soparato theni'from the rest of the 'world, and doolared to ih' founded in circumstances peculiar to that pcoplo-- Dent. v., 15. , Those positive injuno -tionis, designed to commomorate their doliver anceo from Eiyptian 'bondage, which' was 'Is shadow of things to coano' (Col ii., 17), were of a tOlmporary naturo, and ceased to be bind inr on them when the Jewish low was abr'o gated by the coming of; the Messiah: and the Saviour. of the world having riaon from the dead ot theo first day, of the week,that day. was t~'le, allppohted to bo Ontlapart for the apurpose ofreI gtlo s wrshialp, eauording to the original institution, at the crelation, to commemorate the 'dotancipation of all mankind from tlio lpowenr of sin mind deoth ' The sacnred wi'itbrt do 'not mention that the Apostlesracbivee d any express direction to mako .this change in thfi day ,which had been :so long approl, iatdm t the service of God ; but us we know tlmt they aut d: by inspiration on all ,ocasions whomr r?iligions doctriies or duties .woro ooncerndl it 'is 'imposibld'to' doubt their authority oo 'tlhis ')ioti; and' indeed this ehangd : snem clearly to have leeon sancioried by the appear. ancorof Christ in:thu midst.of them when tthey were assembled. ;togothet, (John xx. 19),; and by the descent of' the -Holy Ghost, both' on tm first day of the weeook ..It is difficult tol inagine circqmateenco nmore otrikingly'calou slatod 't lirove,'thji iiunivorsal, and perputual; olligation of "deootifg' the )pventh day, or! one day in ioyon. ieo 'holy uunto 'thu'.lord,' ad' tho abolition'of th? Joewish ritopl by the' a~tablishment dl Christianity." ' Dr. Harold Browno, Bishop' of Ely, 'thus writoes: uithe Speaker's Commiontary-" !I'hoe sinmloe meaningof tlheo toot is by far tho.most probable, vie.-That God having divided His own great' ork iito six liortions, assigqed a! 'spocial' sacro'diuefss''tot the seventh on which that work became oomuploti oend thlat'havidg. called-mati into being, 'He' ordained him for labour, but yet' in loon and mhiorcy apipinted that oon seoventh of his time olhould ho given' t6 rest and to the ,religioon sooviceo of his ina.ker. This truoth is repated in theo fourth Comnmandmon! (Exod .,x ,ill)," though there waos a eoind 'sonil siiciialreatson wlSy the Joens should'o'boervo'rtho Sablbatl Doay (nut.v., 15); and very ioiobably 'tlio pecial disy.of the nevon. uhich became'the lJewish Sabbath, was the very day onl which the Lord brouight them out of the house of bonda'go, and give them ru ent fr ash numbaerless y.ofEy rt. e co n Bhi-hop. Vilson sayr--:'.As thb negleet of tliion . brought in idolatryion twnfidmorlity, o the broaeh of et liis over sin e sorn punished moti' romditok'hal o'boy oa judicdol hardess o heairt, gftrentfelndse of tdod atrd oxcmplaro jodgmontsn as numberless offohdirs hbian oon feosodrihi" blt . l, ,,a tonelo thrat * · :lou worsip oonno xx ,oo:; 'd+Lds P at: O esODs,'Tho. I it " ii t-oeoroforonnoe to tho toon ommanrlmonte :in thisa haptper tio lbov.:.S. Ulrkao, ih' thi Spialhor' Commnoutary ,.tllus Writs :t -lois tb he toluive'd that the Dc'rslagoe in reospet, to it-~'ulbjdot' matter 'dloes. ut stforth what is lol and dy tonebrodiry pthlear to a sihiglo natimone ItO 'two tahiLod ame a oldiilong t declars ation of theo'truo rolutioh liotween, morulity and religionlfor, ll lutiont aindhS the?o. n fourth Commndmantis ill its oprinciclono Ox elotioa to 0thi.m Tho.Dearlogoo hbloguda to oth w Isoiiase, not ac'ea!o.the trldth -eSprooaod in it 'wdro exelusivoly thpirs,, but bhoauso it 'woa aoiholod' to tliol in ha sl opc eia l annor ,(o Eidoune xx,2).'IiThe broadh of 7ioona." iiin, hl rightly beloongr 't6'itI I, ' hddinp.o red' to that of .thia' ror l' Pray er,n hic h': tou'gh' it i\nva ccse allyn.ivooi t y Oherio t to is'follotheriofor their o~ usoe, contains nolhin ungnitablo for anyjholrioer inono~on. ;. :, '. ,: . . Sro.ymtiant y rite?ns I 0 Iehavet oro a creman lirbnf that'~oe inBt Cloriotians \incre ancustbmod toheIked holy the firsot day bf tho wdek ani day a nppoiletd for r tligiois: worhil, 'for'thoe wtrds tnre 'rehen th " aodilpls noner togotlher' as a matter of ordinaryi'costom, not aoif 'thoy eont on an ontraordibary oucasion." '"' . " ' ON iEdn.,: 10-" 0To'E LORD'S DAY.", ' do ,.i Lows aeo wriots n sa " ho.Christian Sabbath, SWrel hic the 'oiuurh udod to nassemlelo .r,rao iligious worshi -Alcts xx., 7Roa.': s, oti O'il"DiEO? cAtani "" onnInsorf COIhVR?.c ?00NO 00'F; AniD' RECOONIdE i it wni'o"RDo"gt fas?'" l- leyond a douht it ilid.,: Though 'I htve htr ccoras now to the aolpileto workh'of. thoqearly 'Christianl fathoro I possess extracts' frooo their loov. Ofthe goRluinomnosn andonauthenticity ino thoraid o tho tos I hveo no rhoo n to bo disng htrtletful. o'Ii the " aldrao"bs' ho .cvith oiven I hiso mtenfiotid the word 6a Rd gnr ariaoa.ond of Justyn't Martyr iin roof df thu qisondprio anov6 lores refor when he sas :i' the ' Christion"r ' I ne rto Christ as God." Trrti"llian:says-!' Ol thE. 'Lordi:s day.we' di m ;it wroau g to w fost.?!( 'Tortullian also, dispuoting cgailnstthq heretio itlrcion who h'airmed that Christ came amonyg 'othern to'destroy the Sabbath, aon onreoltian i"t'h ddamt 'Hlim 'eho hus 'loallowed th oabl itt as CrDita r'tbhallow itn'otillt fro His benefioiet woAo No Redue meTir"' tii an adis noiralo' work oo thuo,! Sabbath Qesrtibn;01' lby the' atv. James Megregr' .(anithlior' :of th hrtioldme.'s.,oel'hand :' aocobi'.' in the. inoy. 'elopfmdia ritannica)tlat onuthor, vitsno (aond lhero. I say, lattoseolwho can refutendib do0o) L--"In'theo ari of Coneilo it is n'otdlyou?s that tloc Churcel bhad coma to regard the Lsd?' dity nr the Caioiiti.he'Sabbathi" FChr'iti tintieite the Great thin rhain 'of itmdssoes otrtebh hak' to Igonatius 'and Cldmeno'Romaiai'seuontdmm lorarits of tIe Apdootlosn'.: Their tostimnory isn It horeadth co-oxnoonivo with.tliu thon existing christendoni ound .ivilioationi .Clomont .of toeoo, .Dinyiius . of Corinth e ;Piny in Iitloynim,. Igonatius of Antioch Justyn Martyr of" Syrio, Cldmtnt and Origqn'io'dt' Poter.of Aloxndrits, 'and Te'rtulliaor, hfiill Cyprian.'"f Carthoge. Thloso 'lights sohinongin a'dark plaoo'shino all naouod thn horizdniof the Roman world :' there' is 'not::a iagion,'" hardly oh im pfortont. church, that does not in thoscanty, romainls of tho primitive Clrinlian literature; furooibh soooe testimony, direct or cireumaban. ial 'to thdofart that tho J.Toirh SabiBth hsa linoo antiqldatud by thoSaviodr's dath, 'and tho Lord's. Day .has l? 'oeno.obsor;ed from' thu' boginniog of Now ITost.tmont Church lhos. t?4 y,',: , , ?. . ; ,: . ,:- . 