NOTES OF THE DAY. IF the statements in the Sydney press, alleged to have been made by a lato mistress of the High School at West S.Maitland, be correct, Mr. Inglis should soon Fund something better to do than extinguishing fires , in. the Public Scheols, and n making the chil "dren's parents pay for having the schools swept and garnished.;- The Minister for Education lately issued a circular, warning teachers from seek ing outside influence to secure pro motion. ' Very. good, if followed up all round. But what does he say to a friend of an ox-Minister of the Crown being appointed to a position in a school without any certificate what ever ? Or to another case, in which a teacher receives over £300 a year without having passed any examina tion, and who was appointed, not Ibecause being qualified for the post, but merely because of influence ? What will he say to a head teacher of :a High School having to pay £30 out *of her own pocket to make the school comfortable, and never getting.it re funded? Or to twenty children standing in a row to be thrashed with a cane by the teacher, while the latter makes alaugh and joke of the matter ? We commend the statements of the ex-teacher to the attention of the Minister for Education. If they are a tissue of falsehoods, let them be proved to be so. If they are true, it is high time that a Royal Commission was appointed to enquire into the working of the Public School system. The admirers of the colonial John Barleycorn will shudder with dismay when they read (if they have the cour age) the report of the Government analyist upon beer brewed in this colony. Mr. Hamlet (aname always associated with skulls, and bloodshed, ghosts and gloom), the gentleman re ferred to, has examined fourteen samples of Sydney beers, and found them all tainted more or less with fusel oil. This ingredient is known to be a deadly poison, producing giddiness, nausea, and headache when taken in small quantities, while its long con tinued action tends to produce muscu lar tremors similar to those pro duced in " delirium tremens.". When we remember that no less than 14,000,000 gallons of colonial beer are consumedevery year inthis colony, the imagination has full scope for depicting the evil to the human system that is being perpetually perpetrated upon it by those who make a free use of this beverage.' This latter report has been furnished since that of the Drink Commission was sent in, but it is of too much importance to be shelved. In the interests of all, it is to be hoped that in future in the production of colonial beer such poison as fusel oil will no longer form one of the in gredients. . . . We cannot help thinking that the motion of Mr. Wall, that free railway passes should be granted to judges of live-stockl journeying to and- from agricultural shows, met with a richly deserved fate in being thrown out. We were going to say that if the mover had been served the same as his motion he would not have been mnissed, but perhaps we had better not. It is not very often that we can agree with Frcetrade-and-decentrali sation Haynes, but, when he hoped the House would put its foot upon the proposal, we felt that after all he was still a-man and a brother, and that like a ierson of still greater celebrity than himself he was not quite so black ashe is painted. Mr. Melville's motioff for the ap pointment .of a select conimittee to minquire into anrd report upon the prac tice anid ro iglation of medicine and surgery is a good one, and deserves the support: and sympathy of the people. It appears a most outragoous thing that a seot of: ignorant num akulls':should be allowed to tamper with tho health and lives of a deluded people with's impunity. We have stringoent laws against supplying the publio withl adulterated, drinks, yet gangs of these ignorant vampires are allowed, in the face of the noonday sun,-to flaunt their names as healers of all kinds of diseases and as prac tised surgeons, and bleedtheir deluded gulls of both sexes without let or hindrance. To Dr. . Creed in the Upper House, and to M[r. Melville in the Assembly, will belong the credit of putting a stop to this pernicious practice in this country, for it cannot be expected that any hen. member will be found so obtuse or wilful as to be in favour of upholding medical or surgical quacks. Lloyd's hl?reo received advices from Buenos A.yres, stating that the National transport Magallanes had foundered on Puerto Dc seardo on the 26th July. As'istanue had been sent with ?upplies for tho passengers and crow, 200 in number, who were unable to save anything, and hare since been camping in the mnidst of snow,' with barely suflicient clothes to cover thelm.. Dr. S. P. Nokldeiteh has just died at L?ohki, in Novogrudsky District, Russia, lin ihis L09th year. His desth occurred quite suddenly, as abbut a quarter of an hour earlier 1w wrote a prescription for one of his -patients. It is said there is a town in Saotlnd where 22.moe have refused to speak or to recognise saeh other for years, because they hwvo dif foveoua tbories ablub the oroueation of the world, and none of th/oa will gio lup to t~Jo othep. 