' .GRIEVANCES OF ENGINE | DRIVERS AND FIREMEN. REPLY OF THE RAILWAY COMMIS SIONERS DEEMED UNSATISFACTORY. KELLY'S DISMISSAL DEMANDED. A meeting of Iho members of tho Engine Drivers aud Firemen's AFsociation was held yesterday morning in tho Trades Hall for tho purposo of considering tho replv of Ilia Railway Commissioners to llio resolutions arrived at by tho members at a mass meeting held a week previously, and also to discuss tho nature of tho statements raado by Mr. Alisou Smith, acting Locomotive Superintendent, and Driver Kelly. About 300 drivers aud firemeu were present, including representatives from tbc branches of the association at Sandhuifet, Benalln, Ballarat, Maryborough and Geelong. At tho express de sire of the meeting, the representatives of tho press agreed not to mention tho names of tho speakers, as it was feared they would be marked men. The president, who occupied tho chair, ex plained tho business of the meeting, and nt his request tho secretary read tho following letter received from the Railway Commissioners : — Victorian Railways. Melbourne, 11th July, 1837.— Tlie Commissioners desire me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of date forwarding particulars of resolutions passed at a meeting of tho Kngiuu Drivers and Firemen' As>oclation yesterday, and I am to point out that they have no evidence tliut any ground for alarm or indignation exists. The examinations and tho punishment records for the time Mr. Allison Smith has been In charge as acting Loco. Superintendent will not bear unfavorable comparison with tho records cf the time of Mr. Mirls's iiiauugcmcnt, but if any individual considers himself unduly punished he has the right of appeal to the Com missioners. and whenever that right has been excrched the case has been heard and dealt with on Its merits. Up to the present time when such appeals have been made the Commissioners have had no reason to believe that matters pertain. ng to tho loco, branch wore being dealt with with undue ao\erity. As to the practice cf «ui£ plying a person implicated with the papers relating to the charges against (him, when a deputation it out your nssoc.ath;n saw the commissioner some weeks ago, that deputation was told there was no reason why any person Involved In a complaint should not tee the papers relating thereto, and upon Inquiry from the acting Loco. Superintendent, the commissioners arc iu- Jormed that no such refusal has ever teen made, bar. ou the contrary, the practice now Is the same as it v.-.ns before Mr. Mlrls left for Lurope. With regard tj the withdrawal of certificates, of course sis a decision involving tho reduction of an enghm driver to a subordinate position would of itself prevent the employment of such a person as a driver during the period to which that decision applied, there was not the same reason for withdrawing from an t-mptoffr his driver's certificate as there would be in the case ot a decision given by a Mariuo iSotud when the disqualified officer might obtain employment in some other bout; and thcrefo.'O, as it seems to bo the wish of tho association that drivers who had received certificates should retain them, notwithstanding any disqualification, temporary or permanent, the Commissioners see no reason whv they should not do so. ami instructions to that effect have been given accordingly.— I havo the honor to be, Sir. yours very obediently, 1\ 1\ Laukiitolchi:, secre tary. That was the answer sent by tho Commis sioners to rho resolution passed last Sunday morning. He asked the members to discuss it in a calm and quiet manner, and to refrain from all personalities. (Cheers.) Let them show Unit if the other side forgot itself they at least did not descend to personalities, and wero in fact above them. (Cheers.) A member said he would like to move a for mal resolution in referenco to the cowardly attack made upon their president (Cheers.) Tho very fact that lie was in such a position showed they recognised him as a good man, and ono who commanded the respect of tho association. (Cheers.) He therefore moved That Mr. Alison Smith, by his avowed antagonism, as evinced by his cowardly attack ou our president, lias forfeited all claims to respect on our part, tout wu challenge that officer to compare befoto the public the departmental records of Foreman Hulse aud Driver Kelly witli that of the president. (Cheers.) lie did not think he need pass any comment on the resolution. They could not possibly have a better man than their presi dent, whoso actions would compare favorably with those of any man in the world. (Cheers.) The motion having been seconded, a member drew attention to a .statement made by Kelly that in 12 years he had raised himself from a cleaner to a first class driver. llo would like to know how he got up so rapidly, seeing that it took 20 years, with a good record, to enable a man to become a first class driver. Kelly stated that he would not belong to tho association because ho would not drink with the members, lie (tho speaker) and others would be very sorry to be 6eon speaking to Kelly in the street— (cheers)— and he was certain that if a ballot were taken the members of the associa tion would kick bim out of their path as they would a toad or a mangy cur. (Cheers.) Mr. Hulso also bad a bad word to say of the asso ciation. Well, thoy could expect that. He would like, however, to know the record of Mr. Hulse, because he was informed that ho had not a remarkably good one. (Laughter.) Another speaker stated that tho action of Mr. Smith in condemning their president was most extraordinary, because he had not a ghost of proof to back up his assertion, that tho president commenced tho agitation. Mr. Alison Smith asserted that lie brought experienco with him from tho old country. If he had, ho bad made bad use of it here. (Laughter.) Ho also made charges of drunken ness against the men. Tlie association would, not allow a driver to remain a mombcr if lie became drunk, and any driver who saw another drunk, and did not report tho fact, was the real culprit if an accident happened. (Cheers.) As to tho statement of Mr. Smith, that he was not uuduly sovero in his fines, ho would draw attention to the fact that to reduco a drirer for six months meant a lino of £30. This did not appear so to tho public in connection with a lino of 10s., or two davs'pay. Mr. Smith asserted that tho president" had a bad record, but ho (tho speaker) contended that thero was not another man in tho depart ment with a record as good. (Cheers.) With regard to Air. Hulse, lie was sorry to say ho had not acted as a gentleman, for ho had spoken against Mr. Mirls during his ab sence. lie had personally found Air. Ilulse a good foreman, because ho had listened attentively to any complaint ho had to make, but others had not received the same consideration. In fact, he almost snapped their heads off, and it was a fact that he went about the shed like a maniac, some times rusbiug out of the office without his hat or coat on. (Laughter.) No ono but a maniac would do such a thing, llo did not desiro that Mr, Hulse's record should be published, be cause ho considered it would do them no good. As to Kolly, however, ho would like to see his record published, for ho waacertain that once the public know, thoy would" refuse to ride in any train of which Kelly was in charge. (Cheers.) As a matter of fact, ho had been kicked out of tho asso ciation branches wherovor he becamo a member. That was at Dimboola nnd Bcnalla. He did not command sufficient respect to get a pass from Dimboola to Melbourne, and had to pay his fare. (Laughter.) ills dismissal was recommended by the Chief Locomotivo Inspec tor, Mr. Jacks, after Mr. Mirls left for Eng land ; but by some influence be got removed to Bcnalla, where his record soon brought him into disgrace. It was disgraceful to think that Mr. Smith should get such a man into his office. If the members of tho association desired to see Mr. Smith, thoy must approach him as a deputa tion ; but Kelly entered the office any hour of tho day. Why? (A Voice: 11 Because ho drinks." Laughter.) Tho actions of Mr. Smith wero unprecedented in the annals of Iho southern hemisphere, and his conduct unparal leled in the railway history of the world. (Cheers.) A member said ho did not agree with tho previous speaker that they should not ask for the record of Mr. Hulse as it might injure them whenever they wanted a favor of that officer. They were not going to approach Mr. Hulse with cap in hand and on their bended knees. (Cheers.) Tbey would go to bim and aemanu tueir rignis. utiecrs, ) inereiore, ho asked that the record of Mr. Hulse should bo published. (Cheers.) A question was asked by a member whether Mr. Smith bad made his attack upon the presi dent in writing, or whether the attack was that which appeared in the new6pnpors. If tho latter was Iho case, hesmrcestcd thnv ahmtM ask Mr. Smith to say whether he had mado use of the remarks attributed to htm. With regard to tho president, his conduct on the cngino had been most exemplary. It was impossible for a man to run thousands of miles without some thing happening to bim. A member remarked that Mr. Smith hod cast a stigma on tho association, and it was their duty to see whether his character would bear scrutiny with that of Hulse or Kelly. (Cheers). A driver stated that ho had to attend a de partmental board as a witness last Tuesday to investigate a charge Driver Kelly made against another driver. Bo far as ho knew, there was not tho slightest founda tion for the charge, iu which Kelly asserted that he had miraculously saved a collision at tho Oakleigh station. (Laughter.) There was not the slightest chance of a collision, as was shown by tho measurements taken, and as a matter of fact Kelly was reading a newspaper at the time, and on looking up saw the train coming. "When he jumped oft his engine, and commenced to wave his hands in a wild manner tho train had already been stopped. (Laughter.) On the occasion of the last Caul- field races he (the speaker) went to his engine at tho proper time, and found tcain was not up. Mr. Hulse wus there also, and went about interfering like a madman. The secretary here drew attention to tho feet that the speaker was drifting away from the resolution. If they did not keep to the poiut, t they would not finish by 7 o'clock next morn ing, and ho knew they did not like working double shifts. (Laughter.) A member said that before he supported Mr. M'Dougall for the position of presideut he inquired into bis private character, and learned that ho was well respected in the neighborhood t where he resided. Ou being satisfied that ho was a good citizen, he considered ho was quito able to fulfil the duties of a driver aud the president of the association. (Cheers.) Referring to t it charges made Lv Kelly in connection with the Oakleigh matter, a mem ber stated that Kelly was charged with not being iu timo to take his engine ono morning, and excused himself by stating that he was indisposed. He would like to know tho cau?o of that indisposition. (A voico : u Drink," and laughter. 1 In appearauco ho was physically fit for his work. (A voice : " But uot in his head." Laughter.) Kelly laid great stress on tho point that he was placed at a disadvanir.go because thero was water iu his axlo boxes. That was a common occurrence, ((.'beers.) Every day'axlc boxes had to be washed out, la Dimboola and Benalla it was said that it was unsafe to tako an eugino after it had been driven by Kelly, and ho demanded, in the in terests of the association and tho safety of tho public, that they should ask for tho dismissal of Kolly. (Loud cheers.) A member doubted whether Iho officers of the locomotive branch would givo tho records correctly, and ho trusted tho members of tho press would be allowed to iuspect tho records. (Cheers.) Tho motion was then put and carried amidst loud cheers. The President thanked them heartily for their expression of eonfidonco in him. They had heard how Mr. Smith charged him with having a bad record, and having instigated tho agitation in consequence of an inquiry going on at the present moment into a charge that lie allowed his engine to get off the rails. If that was tho case ho was unaware of it. (Laughter.) Tho facts of tho case wero that whilst shunting at Dudley-street he came back to his train when tho second truck got off the road. Inspector Lewis inquired into tho matter, and from what ho (the spoaker) had heard that officer exonerated him from all blame in tho matter. Mr. Smith, however, was not satisfied, and he (tho president) did not dispute Mr. Smith's right to havo a second inquiry mado. So far as his record was con cerned Mr. Smith was quite at liberty to pub lish it, for there was nothing in it of which ho (iho president) was afraid. (Cheers.) It was to bo regretted that Mr. Smith so far forgot his office as to attack him, and stato that ho was tho cause of the agitation. lie (the presideut) was not aware until then that ho had such influence, or was such an important personage amongst the men. (Cheers.) A member moved the second resolution as follows : — That the reply of tho commissioners ns tendered to this nicotine be considered ns unsatisfactory, ns we con sider the commissioners have been misled by the reports r.nd returns furnished to them, ami on which their judgment hns evidently been formed. (Cheer..) It was only right for the publio to know that the average fines of 34s. Gd. per day inflicted by Mr. Smith wero quite different to tho averago of 25s. set down to Mr. Mirls. In Mr. Smith's timo moro drivers wore reduced than when Mr. Mirls was in charge. He knew of eight or ten drivers who had been reduced £7 10s. to £31 10s., and firemen from £7 10s. to £27 lGs. If these wero included in Mr. Smith's return it would make a vast difference in tho comparison. (Cheers.) Tito men who had been reduced had to start afresh in order lo work themselves up to their former positiou, besides which they wero lined for petty offcuces which would not bo noticed in any other trade. Mr. Smith': object was not to raise the standard of the fivers, but to degrado them, aud to show in his Lalanco sheet the enormous 6aving ho could effect in the working of his department. Ho obtained credit for saving £4S, 000 a year on the New Zealand railways. It was a great pity they did not keep him there. (Cheers.) It was evident tbey did not appreciate 3tim, for instead of get ting rid of him. it would have paid them to give him £10,000 a year if ho saved so much money. (Laughter.) If tho facts wero only kuowu, Mr. Smith had to leavo New Zealand before he was kicked out. (Cheers.) They heard about the valuablo presentation made'to him before ho left that colony, nnd what was it? Simply a walking stick. (Laughter.) lie did not know whether it was goid mounted or whether it was simply cut from a bu«h to enable him to carry bin swag, as many a better man had dono before. (Cheers and laughter.) A member drew attention that thero was a man in tho room who could give tho record of Mr. Smith whilst in New Zealand. Tho President said thoy wero not there to traduco tho character of Mr. Smith in Victoria or anywhere else. They would be doing wrong to rip up Mr. Smith's character unless they wero compelled to do so. (A voico : "And why not?") At this stage a man walked from the body of tho hall on to tho platform, and was about to relate something'in connection with Mr. Smith in New Zealand, when tho president stopped him, and ho retired stating that ho was acquainted with a driver who was compelled to leave the New Zealand railways in consequence of the tyrannical conduct of Mr. SmiUi. Several members contended that Mr. Smith's career in tho other colony should bo inquired into, aud one mau stated that tho editor of an Oamaru paper had appomicd approving foot note to a letter in which the actions of Mr. Smith were strongly condemned. "Whilst the wrangle was going on the man who volunteered to make the stalomentleft the hull, and the subject dropped. The resolution was then carried. A member moved the third resolution, as fel lows : — That wo vbw with alarm iho slanderous statements iniulo with regard to the chargou of drunUonncKi kw.Hecl at mtrs.dvea cvnernliy, and chulhmc Mr. Smith to substantiate (he .statements generally mailt by him. (Cheers.) Mr, Speight, tho speaker remarked, was cre dited with having said that tho drivers and fire meu wero always a discontented body. IR know, however, that- .such was not tho o aie. Drivers and firemen always had peculiar duties to perform, and if they had to fight they hue been compelled to do so. Mr. Speight alsc referred to tho fact that somo drivers received £30 a month. To draw that sum a man musl be away from his homo on a ballast job, and out of that sum £6 was allowed for expenses, whilst tho total number of hours worked wns310. Under those circumstances ho thought tho drivei earned his money. Mr. Speight also ntato-l that tho men in Now Zealand got on well with Mr. Smith, therefore ho could not understand why the same was not tbo case here. The cause was not far lo seek. They desired to protest against his harsh conduct, aud claimed tba right to be treated properly. (Cheers). Mr. Smith citod two or three cases of drunkenness, especially that of a driver who was fined for allowing a Queensland cngino driver lo rido upon his engine whilst in an intoxicated condi tion. It was also said that tho driver of the train which was runuing to Kilmore was drunk. Mr. Speight reprimanded the driver for having tho Queensland driver on board, but if the driver of the train was drtmk it was moro than Mr. Mr. Speight dared to allow hint to fetch his train to Melbourne. (Cheers.) Because of the records in Mr. Smith's family Bible— (laughter) — when a driver met with a misfortune they were searched and ho was not allowed the opportunity to defend himself, lie made a lot of capital out of the case of the drivor of tho Esseudon train who was said to have been found drunk alongside his engine. Tho driver was not a member of ibo society, and was one thoy would not admit, but at the same time they considered, from tho facts of the case, that ho had been unjustly treated. It was a standing disgrace that, whilst the men had no proper means of reaching tho sheds without tho danger of being run over by a train or tripped up by a sema phore wire, there wero certain officers of the department who lived within tho railway reservo and could havo steps mado up to their doors. (Cheers.) Another ease of in juatico was whero a driver received a memo, stating that ho mu6t show cause why hcsfiould not be dismissed for getting his engine oil the road. Ho answered that ho did not know a charge had keen made against him. aud asked for tho correspondence. Whon ho received it he learned that ho was charged with being drunk, and at the same timo found his dis missal attached to tbo correspondence. And all this in face of the fact that he could produce 28 witnesses to prove that iic was not diiuik. Mr. Smith talked about the safety of the public, but ho would draw his attention, and also that of tho publio to the fact that it was to the in terest of a driver to bo careful and to avoid a collision, for if ono took placo he and his fire man were tho nersons most likelv to bo killed. Such was the case in tbo Windsor accident, when poor Maskell and MNab were killed. Mr. Speight had himself asserted that tbo men em ployed on tho Victorian railways would compare favorably with thoso in any other part of tho world. (Cheers.) Tho engine drivers and firemen considered that tho safety of the public was imperilled more by tho actions of Mr. Smith, for tho men went to their work in fear and trembling, and utterly unnerved, owing to the manner in which ho harassed tho unfortunate men under him. (Cheers.) Whilst he referred to tbo fow cases of drunkenness he did not notice tbo mauy acts of heroism performed by somo of tho drivers. When he quoted Reynolds on tho Model Locomotive Em/me Drivtr to show that a reduced driver wns'a discontented being hoforgot toniexitionat the same timo that Reynolds asserted that if an engine driver could boast of all his toes in his boots he had not seen much service. He had been informed on good authority that Kelly's conscience troubled him so much that ho was bound to carry a revolver about with him. (Laughter.) As to tho statement that tho bulk of the men supported Mr. Smith, he questioned very much whether half a dozen could be found to back bim up in his actions. (Cheers.) Ho spoko of obtaining the services of first class English drivers to teaeli them how to handle an engine ; but he would like to know if Mr. Smith had taught them anything. (No.) When ho was first appointed the drivers ap proved of it, bscauso Mr. Smith stated that it V?as his intention to establish classes for im proving the knowiedgo of the men under him. lie had, however, dono nothing whatever. In regard to tho present agitation, Mr. Smith stated that he desired it should die sji natural death, and would bear no animosity against the men. Could thoy trust Mr. Smith to treat thorn properly in tho future.- (No.) So fur as he could see the power o punishment would have to be taken oiu of i ho hand ui that officer or else he would have t.> bo ehuuted. (Cheers and a voice, hng lum riiii out.) lie was like a. cat, H iucii could iondie with one hand and scratch Willi the O'JlLJ. IhuroscltKbiU having ben seconded, a repre- scutaiivo from the Maryborough branch stepped on to the platform, and stated that his QbllcjtguvB tally empathised with the effort b.iig nu'de by the association to maintain tbo rights ot its members. (Cheers.) Although jr.ey had nut ha 1 so mucli trouble in Mary borough, still they had experienced several acts of injustice; and what had happened to the AJttlbouino nieti to-day might happen to the Maryborough men to-morrow. It tus a disgraceful notion on the part of the Acting Locomotive Superintendent to mako a charge of Urunkomiess against theenginodrivera generally. On looking rouutl ho did not ceo mauy groggy faces umougot tho members, whoso pbv&iquo; would oomparo favorably with those of their ofliccr h. (Cheers.) Tako the whole of the engine drivers and Jiremen, and they would Hud less druukeuness amonget them tuan they would amongst tho ofltcora. (Cheers.) In fuot, there were inoro sober inou und total abshutmra amongst tho men than there were rmongji tho officers. (Loud cheers.) The be rough branch would support tho asso ciation in its efforts u> secure rodrcis, and if they couM not mieoeed under tbo present plan tbuy were prepared to support even tho most exttemo measures. (Choers). A delegate from the Ben alia branch stated that loo members there viewed with consider able alarm tho punishments inflicted upon Hugino drivers aud firemen, and were astounded ut tho manner in which unfounded charges had been made against the men. Unlike tho previous speaker, ho did not advocate extreme measures being taken to secure a recognition of their grievances, but desired they should ttppionch tho matter in a calm manner, con- nuut.mg themselves «s intelligent men, who were not afraid of tho issue. (Loud cheers.) The Sandhurst delegate said' the members of lu branch were fully in accord with the action lateen by the association. IIo coincided with ibe rcmatks of tho Maryborough aolegato that they should uso every legitimate means to settle tho matter, but if they failed the Sand hurst branch was quite prepared to endorse anv notion of tho association. (Cheers.) The Geelong dclogato having endorsed the statement made by tho other country represen tatives, the resolution was put . and carried unanimously. A member then rose and moved— That if Mi. Sml:h Ueeiiwi tin? request oftbn Assocln- Jou lo publish Driver Kelly's career in Urn <Upnmcia re tlcummi the lattoi dismissal frcm the UcunrimcM. Cheers.) H was pointed out by u member that it would como with Bad grace if thev passed the resolution, becauso they wanted to do soine- ttung fhoy had no right to do. Ho thought the whole ease would bn met by warning tho Kstlwiiy Commissioners, oi tho danger that was likely to arise if Kelly were kept in the depart ment. ihc mover oi tho motion explained that ho Wished to express the opinion that it was im- jmssible for them to work with such a man as The balisrat dgjegnte remarkod that it Kelly were in Italian, it he wotild ho shunned by all tho drivers aud firemen, therefore he would .rapport theresoltitiou. (Cheers.) Another member, referring 'to tho hints thrown outrihat if was not.sato to work in tho same shed with Kelly, stated that all he could pay was that ho worked wil k Kelly in a certain plied where the driver were always complaiu- ang that their set ucrews had Leon loosoued, lt, V'A3ta curlous Licfc that the moment Kelly left tho shed tho complaints ceased. (Sensation.) l,\\\o must go higher lhau Kelly," remarked a. member ; u J would, if uocessurv, refuse to work anotlKir hour unloss-both Kcliynmi Smith wore removed." (Clioore.) A member pointed out they wore 'not there to discniKs Alison Smith, aud lie urged them to runcmber the remarks of the .president, to speak calmly und act dis- paaflionatety in tlio matter. (Voice : fcoe wha'4 Smith lias done to us.) Let them ror.iambor th.it they weronKerotodiscups tho bur amy out of tlio ilifficuUy, to show their pnevr.nces, bur. not to-wk for the dismissal of their head officer. (Cries of Yes and No.) He consicKreil their chief ofiicor-waa on his trial, and if they had men who could work with him it would bo wise to pusa by for tbo present the question of dismissal. (No. no.) The previous Kpoak.cr, who urged tho dis missal of both Mr. f&uith; and Kelly, continued his reman:? by fitnJAug that if a railway line was being constructed,, anu a treo stood in tho road it was cut down at once. Smith and Kelly wore in their road and also that of tho public, 4 and must bo removed. (Cheers.) Tliero was not an t? nphgry in tho department who had not rlter. "Anini03ity against those men. L Mr. SmiTh did not encourage Kelly the latter would no'f bo iu bis olfice so often. Kelly had al ivaj varied to single himself out in order (to ttra favor of the Locomotive Superintendent, Mr. Juris, but ho failed ..and now ho was trying to incratiato himself into the good gracos of Mr. Afrjon Smith, llo would not go so far as to say that it would be necessary for tho drivers to leave off work, but it was absolutely neces sary that both Mr. Smith and Driver Kellv should lop.ve the service. (Cheers.) A mr.niber said ho bad always advised fnodeir.tion, and therefore he moved as an amcuClraent : — That wii lodge our protest as n .body against working Willi such n man «» Mr. Kelly. A country reprcscntative-stated that ho had worked with Kelly, who was-not to bo trusted as far us ho could bo seen. XIo would drink as much as arr other man in the department, but would not pay for it. (Laughter.) Ho had been with Kelly on excursion trips to Sale aud Bcnalb. aiid other places, and.ho liad always to keep liis-uyes on him or bo would not lmvo been in a fit slut© to briughis train into tho station. (Oh, oh.) Kelly told him that he had recoivod great encouragement from Mr. Smith to en deavor to take largo lor.do to Seymour, but they all knew what a failure it proved. (Cheers.) This .was supplemented by a state ment from another member that Kelly onco told a guard that Mr. Smith was a regular fraud, "because lm held out certain promises to b:.m v.'hich lie failed to fulfil. (Laughter.) The president lurggod his fellow workmen not lo indulge iu ponsonaiilies. IIo considered it would bo unwiso to carry the motion iu its present form, and strongly urged them to adopt the amendment an n. milder and more eemiblo procedure. (Chocra.) "Why ohould we extend mercry to Kelly i " exclaimed a mem ber. ' ITo lias threat em.il to upset thcassociation, and you must protect you-.otves." (Laughter.) The ineinbcv who had ixroviously' counselled xnodoratlou dolivorcd an earnest address, in which he skuod lie was certain tho moment they brought tho true facts of tho case before Mr. Swight. that gentleman would do them justice. (Choera.) Therefore, lie considered they should only protest against tlio employ ment of Kflly. Jf tho ivcordo proved to Mr, Speight that tho men were in earnest, and that Keily was not the man Mr. Smith held him to bo, then they could demand his dismissal, if they could not get justice under their present efforts tho.v could tako harsher measures. (Chears.) Against this a member stated I bat his conf.denco in Mr. Speight had been givatly shaken. That gentleman might give tlio men a fair hearing, but when their backs wore turned would laugh in his slcovo at them. As an ins'anw of tlio way in which an injus tice might lie ikmo to a man n mora her stated that ono morning Inst week Kelly tent a mes sage to iho locoiiM'tivo foreman that ho could not go to work, as bo was ill. Another driver took his engine (which he bad not. timo to examine bvfotr? ho started), aud on reaching Ksscndonho (ruiud the eccentric straps had iuii black hot. The,v could very well understand that it was iu possible for such a thing to take place in nuch u short run from Melbourne to Espcndoti, and there was. therefore, no doubt tho ibuimeo was ilnno on tho prov>nii«5 dnv. Tho president asked tliemoverof the motion to xrith- «lrnw it, hutUieniovorsaid bethought it would bo better to j;ow rid of Kelly, who stunk in tho nostrils of tho men, and they were there to got rid of tho nuu' ineo. (Laughter.) A member urged the withdrawal of the motion on tho ground that if the amendment wore carried it would leave tho association sumo scope to act ill the event of tho commissioners icfusingto Uieutiss Ke!lj\ Tuc? araendmeul would throw the responsibility on the shoulders of tho com missioners to dccido what step's to take, aud if The latter wcro not satisfactory, then tho asso ciation could conic forward mul ask that a certain course should bo adopted. (Cheers.) At this stage the mover of the motion remarked that as it was the evident dcrirv <» tho meeting thai he should withdraw, ho would do so. Tho amendment then lecamn tho motion, and was oarricd uuiinitnouely. The president naidtho next business was to decide whether tlm resolutions should bo for warded to tho commissioner in writing or be presented to them by a deputation from the association. A motion was moved and socondod that tbo icsoiutious jihouUl Ki forwarded to tho com- Oiis3ioiu.ra In writing. A member remarked that he would, like tosay a few words ou tho privilege asked by the drivers and firemen, that all corrcsnondcneo connected with a chavgo brought against a man should bo placed at bis disposal. (Cheers.) This system had be«m iu foLtvi for, tho last 20 years, and ho Ihady believed tbar if Mr. Speight were made aware how necessary it was in tho iuterosis of tho men tocouthuie die system, it would bo adhered to in thn fatuvc. (Ciieers.) If they could do away with tho, frictiou caused in this direction, ho was cerla'n il would bo the iceans of changing the miucLof Mr.' Smith ii\ rtgard to the decisions gir-jii by him. (No.') It was well known that then was no body lo'f lucn fo Hallo to trouble as engine drivers, 'fine work of their ever, dr.v dMies depended larcfly U|On a number, of < Lt'cycV, and v.ioro they were so Uahla. to inUfcrtue it was . necessary they should . receive! lair phy, with a v few of prcrwntiug innocent men beiug puuished. Ho would give au instance of , botr iuju-rtice coold bo doeie when a. man did | not have the opportunity of seeing the corres pondence connected with a charge brought nguiiwt him. At the Meredith station on the 13allarat line ho was engaged in "kicking" some trucks into n wood Riding. They hud oulj to be touched slightly and would run down an incline, when :thobrakys had to bo put down by a porter. The latter left the work to a Umo wood carter, and the brakes being in bad order ho failed to check tho trucks, which rufched down tho incline and collided violently with tho buffer stops. Ho was reported by tho station- master for furious shunting, and if tho present system of not allowing a man to see the corres pondence had been in force be would not Lava been able to prove, as he did, that tho accident was not caused hv him. Knowing the samo things wore occurring evory day be was sur prised that Mr. Smith adopted such seTcrc measures, aud that Mr. Speight could not seo where there was a necessity for a change being made. Ho trusted he would see the necessity for granting the request of the mon, and that by the time Mr. Mirls returned thoy would be working in harmony with Mr. Smith. (Cries of No.) He, therefore, advised them to seek an interview with Mr. Speight, and to fight thejmatter out by moral suasion. A member said they bad lost nil confidence in and esteem for Mr. Smith, and uskod if they could work underhini any more. (No.) Could he maintain discipline with such feelings against him ? (No). The Maryborough delegate stated that his branch ivas sorry the association bad not, in the first instance, waited upon the Commis sioners, and placed the resolutions of tho first meeting bulore thora. He therefore moved— TJiut a deputation appointed to wait upon the Commissioners, and to present the resolutions passed at tliemcetlng. The mover of the motion agreed to withdraw it on condition that the deputation was in structed not to accept anv proposal until it was first submitted to another meeting- of thw association. This was agreed to, and tho amendment was carried, A deputation of nine members was then appointed to wait upon tho Kaihvay Com missioners and present the resolutions. A member remarked that before they sepa rated he considered it was their duty to say something in regard to the unwarrantable attacknado by, Foreman Hulso on tho Locomo- tivo bueriutendent, Mr. Mirls, during his abjraw in England. (Cheers.) Tho statement cf MX. JiiflBo was that the wbolo difficulty was ax ,K5fitem of management carried oat by Mr. Mirls, and ho also asserted that no had been twicu threutoued by tho associa tion. iho latter statement was false, whilst in regard to tho former it was well known that there was a deep laid scheme to prevent Mr. Mirls assuming tho ofiico of Locomotive Sunor- mtencient ou his return. They had tho utmost confidence in Sir. Mirls a? au efficient and just officer, and one who administered his depart ment in tho interests alikoof tho railways and tho public. (Cheers.) The proceedings then terminated with aroto of thanks_to tho Presidon t, 