f r Eaglehlawks Victory·.ii' 1 Br E. G.-Dyso'. : The ove of?hgrse. and horse racing is a national characterstic of Australians. In no country;, foteven'England, is the fondness for eouine ?.impetitins sogeneral: Old timers; who can l ook lck to the fifties, may remem ber that the enthusiasm evoked in every little country township on alocal race day amounted almost tl' delirsinl oven then, ehen the'best prads broughtfdorward were settler 'bhacks or the cobs efbutchersi and bakeis. The settlement which. could not support a rice meeting those days was generally regarded ,s' a povrerty.stricken, half- dead hamlet, not fit to be the abiding place of a Mongolian leper, and no man could be found to say a good wrd.lfor'it.:'. iThose who can'call to'mind the bush races of ':iS, and'the fierce excitement they gave rise to in a locality for weeks previous to the great day, the stiff suma that were planted on fa vorites, thecare bestowed on the horses, and the liquor drink to their good health, cannot be curpriesd whei they.turn to the Cup race of today and regard the teeming thousands who rush to witness it, the riches end anxiety ex pended over it, the sorrowful groans and joyful \- cheers which greet the winner, and the. enor mous influence the sport exerts over the no tion-these ire but the natural growth of the iitatuation evinced on everybush course in the erly days. ; Ilors always ran to win those times; there was no buying over, no pulling favorite, every owner raced square, and his money was us the horse he entered.. Some splendid cattle pranced into the arena at the sound of the bell frequently ehough ; fine, upstanding animats, with glossy iidgse and lots of blood, though. their pedigrees may have been mislaid in the cenfesion of a new country. ' The Settles'. Club rare meeting- at Leth bridge, on St; Patrick's day in the year 'S, w:a an event which excited great interest over all the surrounding district for weeks before hand. The advent of 'the Ballarat line had given businesan astonishing impetus in Lethbndge, money was palntiful, good horses were nnmer " nsu, and the-rcesene of two orthree hundred rollicking, devil-may-are navvies. all tended to heighten interest in the Settler' Club meeting. The great event of the day was the Steeple chase, a four mile race over rough jumps and heavy ground. Twelve horses were entered, bht besides Eaglehawk and Vixen no prad was tlhought to have a ghost of ashow. Heretofore Vixen had beaten everything pitted against her, but Eaglehawk was a new-comer, a beau tiful chestnut "-iRound-hoord, short-jointed, fetlocks shag and long; Broad breast, full eyes, small head and nos tril wide; an s High crest, short ears, straight legs, and pass iog strong; . t gThin mane; thick tail, broad buttock, tender hide.". And his perfonnraces were whispered about to be something wonderful He was owned by Mr. James Ware, a young fellow who kept a store on the line for a .Melbourne firm. Mr. Ware had not been long in the district, but during his ahort residence lie had rontrived to make more'friends than many who had lived ther for years.. He wast.a fine, handsome, ounny-tempered young fellow of about twenty two, tall and slim, blue eyes, fair-haired, and iaSsessed of jovial humor that was contagions to all but Mins Alice Stanford, the proud seiner of the.invincible Vixen. There was some misunderstanding between these fwo.- :They imagined they dihliked each other cordially; neither knew the why nor wherefore. tAt the first meeting he had glanced at her and. thoight what a very pretty, on perisr- sort f young lady she: wa; she had peeped at him frsem under her broad-brimmed fat,' and- thought what-a handsmse, gentle manly sort of a young fellow he was; and they had straightway assumed an airof icy re serve. tjIierdi each other, which was quite fnsieiga terbotl'their natures and altogether unaccoiumsble. ' : rbiss- Stanfoid told' sher friends that she thbo?ih~ ?r. Wier was a bit of a fop; and Mlr. \Vare told his friends that he thought Miss Stinford wasabsurdly uppiah and too tanned to be caled pretty; and when Miss Stanford had occasion to go to the stor e gave her or dera briefly and stared fixedly and coldly at the illustration upon a tobacco box, whilst all Mr, Ware's csheery spirit seemed to go out from him, and dhe served her in frigid eilence. Yet, in reality therd two had.a lively interest \- in each other-it was truly remarkable. Mies Alice Stanford was the daughter of a big-hearted astotral gentleman-who owned a farm on the bsnks of the Ioorabocl. He loved his daughter better than all the world besides, and by his indulgence had done enough to spoil fifty sordiary girls; butAlice was not an ordi nary gcrl; she had grown up self- willed, but "very e urrciniand lovable withal: irixen was ?is Alice's pride and joy. The mare had been reared especially for her; the conquie?t of-the beautiful Llack animal were S?ources of the, greatest gratification to her young mistress; and when the pampered and ietted Aliceheard that Mr. Warehad eutered Eagleshawk for the Steeple she easily con vinced herself that his sole desire was to spite .her by winning the stake and the trophy, and she betine more' determined than ever upon ýixep gaining the day. - I" l the truth must he kndwn, the ungallant idea hf brlining-Alice Stanford down a peg or two had some weight with Jim; be thought it S-wonud be'great eatisfaction for something, ho :didont knir exactly what. As a matter of fact,, although he would not admit it even to himself; Alice's biarng towards 'him piqued him onsiderablys he would rather have been good chums ith the hazle-eyed, brown haired Sgirl than with all the other girls within a day's \- Journey. - " Of course everydy hadnotied the coolness Sietween Jim Ware and Alice Stanford. - It is a very trifling matter that epesaps the eye and tongues of the gossips in aomall township, and the soteepIeclrase wassoon regarded rather as a trial for mastery between'lice and Jim. "It was not so much a matter of "W ill Eaglehawk win"' or "'ill Vixen win?" as "Rill Jim Ware or Alice Stanllford scoop the honors rI' SEsbglearwk.and.Vrxeu were discussed from the tips of their tails to the tips of their cars; each horse had a stiong party of 'backers who des-anted loon and earnestly on the ueod points of the two favorites. Whiskey galore was drunk to the success of both animals, and as the day grew nearer the excitement ran to fever height. and the convreration was con fiond eieluively- to hlis. Stdndford, Mr. Varne, Vixen, Eaglehawk, and ysng -Cody, tebey-who was-to ride Vixen. Jim'Woare Sa decided to mount Eaglehawk himself. a O? n thie day before-tie -a rr'Aice and Jim o" Ised in the street, she wfthiea lhaihty :t e o her head, he with a fiochalant ai?ng i .lsis whip. Thisepliodewa afrselydiocissed at the.'public-house, and more money was a. takedsand more toasts wers drasnl` I I Vixen was in splendid form dad Adic&5wao confident; The extitemeot kept her cheeks in a perpetual glow. She inforifed her fither, at le.ot a dozen times a da, that "that- im pudent coxsmbsmeaanng R Jm," "would'lookL emarkably small after the race," and "Mr. Stanford would smile in an aggreravang'way, and ask her did she really dislike young Ware 7"O[ cu do, Pl" would be her reliy. -'"Doesn't he want to win only to spite me : I just hate him I" "Uammon !" her father would reply, quizi S-c.·ally; which' usually put Alice in a bad Lhumor, and made her hush up very scarlet. I;; The morning of St. i'atrick's day, 1~i5, ,l broke beanutifully fine, auid brfoire the hinrt roce ".started evarybody who lived within a rosiui of fifteen mile, and could ride, walk, rsrlimp, collected on the Settlero' Cours, a Srge deed space within a Ioteh of piareely -The starter was thseres in a red hunter's essa ousted on a grey Iseun like a soule, and liot sg oa loof stvle. Thejsiuge, s?etl, psm \- gentleman; the isrlprictor sf tsr Ilcsal lis-hue, u.s, si ile; al s was th; h clerk the r.ur.e nod the snss ners-e if tile nnmoit all ispllsiit:-rlt geintleistes, ws-esring rov.ttali, d fusing asout in on aimlle sswy. slr. mess Wars was there, Isughing snoi clhattinig Is one and all, and ohit,ping snide tis the t to have a liquor with every third man scame along. Iut Mir. Stanford and Alice 'Vixen were later arriving, sad when tiny . mus Alite was pale, and her father looked \- ho newsr spread like wi!d-lire thai- Vien's iderihad been thrown erlyinythi morning, and hurt hims leg so that it would be impossible for him tomount. "' Here was a how-d'ye-do!? Everybody know Vixen's temper; she would permit no one on her back but Alice and'the hurt stable boy, i noung Cody . SVixrn's backers groaned spirit, and each and all felt their day's. sport was spoilt; the steeplechase would be a' gift for Eagle ,hawk; ah the whole meeting would prove as stale as beer'drawn 'yesterday. Tihere was nuthing for it but to take another whiskey and bear up. i By-and-bye, however,ia rumor went round : Vixen was to run-yet, who could ride her to win but Cody.?-it was a forlorn hope at the beat. The three preceding races were run without exciting much iiterest, and then the hrises for the steeple trotted down to the scratch, and the crowd pressed to that point; ; and as Jim came cantering along the 'award, mounted on his magnificent chestnut, the iemIlte cheered madly, and theair was derkened ith hats. 8 Jim wore his colors, blus and white with i blue. cap, and'lookued haideame -nough to touch the heart of th'e?olde-t dansel .agle hawk was in the pink of condition,' and his supporters wer vociferous In their praise. "Vixen! 1Vixenl" 1 Yes, here she comes, led by fMr. Stanford, and lIoking'fit for anything. She receives an ovation equal to that accorded to Eaglehawk. But who shalt ride her? where's the jockey ? The query is still on the lips of the Iepoile. when a slight figure in a short, tight-hitting riding-habit. wearing a bright pink cap and a Iink sash, Vixen's colors, breaks through the crowd, and taken' her 'tand at the side of the black mare. - "blMiss Alice!" The cheers are deafening; the people go wild with excitement,'and sway about like a field of corn before a breeze. It is noticed that I Vixen is carrying a very small side-saddle. Alice is going ro side her. ; A red ap-it burns in either cheek pf the girl ; her lips are firmly set, and she looks beautiful, indeed, patting tie glossy, arched neck.of her tlr. Stanford looks perturbed,. and before -asitlng Alice to the saddle lie makes a final neffectual appeal to herto abandon her mad cap undertaking. But Alice is firm; she will never give it up of her own free will." When she first propsoed to ride Vixen for the steeple, IMr. Stanford laughed at it as a joke, but by arguing, coaxing, tears and care-ses, she had at length ginoed his consent. Heo knew his daughter tobe a fearless equestrienne, and had grown accutmed to seeing her take Vixen over, three- riled fences at a gallop." He thought her safe if she kept out of the ruck, and kneow he could trust Vixen for that much. "Bs very careful, dailiug I' "NeSer fer, father; Vixen and I know each other. Alice sits her horse with perfect grace; the reins are gathered in her right hand, whilst she grasps a keen whip in her left.. She looks str.ight before her, awaiting the word, and once more the crowd cheers lustily. " Vixen will win 1" She bows to them smiles, and answers:' "Vixen srill win It All in a line the horses staind, champing their bit, impatiently. Vixen has the inside running, Eaglehawk is further a-field, and Jim is scanning Alice's face nervously; heis think Smore of her angr ng now than of the race. 1All ready ."9 ,"Go ".. "They are off ! they are off ! !" 'With a brave sweep the horses fly past, be tween two lmnes of eager faces. The first,. second, and third jumla.are' cleared; an out sider falls at thefourth.' Once round. Alice rides magnificently, holding her mare with wrists of steel, and sitting as If she were merely taking' a canter tacross the paddock. Jim rides beside her, watching her every mition. Faglehawk and Vixen keep neck and neck. e a l o , Twice round, and only five horses are left on the course. *Three tities. Eaglohawk is "ulling all he' can, and looks fresh as arose. V'ixenkeepsby his side, not a bit troubled, but her rider is deathly pale, and; with lipsapart and fixed eyes, she sitsestaring-before her; her wrists have weakened, and sstrange'dread is in her heart. Vixen takes the bit in her mouth, and is un. manageable. ' SThe people see this as the pair rush pastaintl are as quiet as mice; they have ceased ecream-j ing: "Vixen.winsl" ' See ! Alice is rollisn in her saddle, the snare has broken from the course, and is thundering across country through tie sparse timber, heading direct for No. 5 cutting, the deepest on theline. ' ' ' "Jim 'caught a look of agonized appeal in the girl's eyes as Vixen swerved and in a -second Enelehsawk is at Vixen's heels. N;,w starts the race; the stake' are a life. There is nothing that can prevent the frightened m ie from dashing with her rider over the cptting if Eaglchawk is not the better horse.. On, on the two.gallop, beating the hollow earth with'their'fierce hoofs, and throwing up the soft; green turf at every stride. \- "Now who will win, Vixen hr Ealclhawk !" `The people stream after the flying horses, but not a cry is heard, till at length one shout comes from every throats' " - '" "Eaglohawk wrill do it I" Slowly but surely Eaglehawk works up be side the mare. Jim has reached Vixen's rein. Dragged from his own hore, he clings manfully to the mare, and, though bruised and beaten. by her irn hoofs, he succeeds in stopping. her sufficiently to allow of Alice slipping to the 'ground.. Then Jim is.beaten down, and fiver seconds later Vixen rushes headlonginto the cutting. Alice ran to the young man's side, and lifted hiis bleeding 'head. He opened his: eytes, I laughed and said : - ' Thank God! Eaglehawk won l" Jim was takqn to Mr. Stanford's home on a I stretcher, adl inobody cared a hang about. ainy, more .racing that day. The'doctor rep ortid a broken krnm,. and several scalp wounds, bil nothing serious enough to militate against the pleasure of being nursed by Alice. Vixen broke her neck in the fall. It will not surprise thegentle reader to know that, before Jim was strong enough. to resume his duties at the store, he and Alice had agreed that they had loved each other from the very first moment they ,met--which is a most peculiar thing. Eaglehawk was Mrs.' Ware's favorite horse as long as he lived and when he died his grave was not anhonored., Bbbby came into the: house subbing and tilh his mother-that Tomenv-. Wilte had licked him.: ! Well, Tommy White is a very hai boy," said Bobby's mother, giving him a large piece bf~tke. c': You didaot kick him back, did you' '.L " i'N,'h'rel;?s Babby, between bites, '"I kicked him iras.": : l f.la'it '" is hardi to overcome. '.If; yo take onf:thi first letter it dosen':cunange "a bi'.'. If yo takeLs oiff another you have a "bit' left.: If: you take of another the the whole of "it" remains.. If you. roe more another it is now. ' t ".totally used up. All of which goes to show that if yon wish to li: rid of a blid habit'you must throw it off alsogether. The members of a brass band at Concord, United States, were psa.ti:ingin the rooms ii the fourth story ef a warehouse, when fire' broke out in the bailding and they had to jump from the windows. Those who haoe ?vid neoar a place whercn a hband, or a single omsilsr of a handl, 1a'liually .piractices on u:a's hora,, woll s'ways b-lieve that the snii g oif lhalt warehou-e was the work of us' incrndiary. There is nothing muich more lurenuiful, or whicls caoses greater dtspera-. rion on the ipart of the listener, than the rooting of ai amateur baud, psa:ticing on a new tune, sab miemnber trIing to play it slone, in his own way. One cai symsathizo wIth the roor p's ers, as they fill their chceke, nwl b!ow until th ir skulls crack, ad ltheir enrv r ug, anid they blow a front t oh out, I ut why a they dlo it, if it is su oI 'ork ? lost pe0ople would anther never hear 4 brass La-d play thuls lis:en to the pra: ice. However, Iht lih e at oncorl might have Leo n na :cident, but a aharI, dstctive could find clucts that might wors up into arson, aod att.mpted murder, but the judge ould acquit th- iocendia'y, if convicted, on the grouod ot olU delfeoc , or insanity. 