TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. By Asmodsus. For years did tho late lamented "indefatig able"— the acknowledged architect of nil that is now famous and great in connection with the Victoria llacing Club — strive in vain to pro- mote tho success of the New Year's day fixture at Flcmington. Various schemes were devised and executed for the purpose of decoying owners of horses and tho holiday going publio generally to Flemington on the initial day of each succeeding year, but without avail. Even tho revival of the Champion Stakes in 1876, after an abandonment extending over a period of nine years, proved equally futiio in saving tho annual gathering from sorious financial loss, and so pronounced a failure had tho meeting become that, after eightconsecutive Championship anniversaries, a question arose as to whether it would not bo advisablo to dis continue the reunion. It was docided to further porsevero on fresh lines, namely, by substituting tho Bagot Plate, a wolght-for-ogo event, in lieu of the Champion Race, and adding to the programmo a couple of handicap events in the Standish Plato, of one mile, and Mid summer Handicap, of one mile and a half. Nevertheless, the meeting failed to draw, small fields and empty bonches still prevailing. In their oxtromity tho executive last year decided to try a now recipe, tho efficaciousness of which has long since been championed in these columns. I allude to the cheap nomination eystem, which hue worked so successfully ia New South Wales for years past. In it tho V.R.C., who had been at their wit's end in persistently oudeavoring to popularise the Now Year's day reunion, dis covered the correct antidote, and with the in troduction cf nominal entrance ioos the com mittee were relieved of a white elophant which had hung heavily and long 0:1 their adminis trative shoulders. Tho success achieved last year was strongly oinphasiscd on Saturday, when the attendant oircumstances were of a most agreeable character. What threatonod during the forenoon to result in a roasting hot day culminated in an acceptable disappoint ment ; and it was not until I was strolling along tho course proper, en rou/o to the paddock, meditating on tho sultry aspoct of tho meteoro logical situation, that a delightful broezo sprung up from the seaward, imparting a change as refreshing as it was unexpected. It was, therefore, under exhilarating condi tions that I ascended my favorite coign oi vantage on tho secluded hill adjoining tho ranger's cottage, thero to view tho contest lor the Standish Plate along tho wholo length ol the straight. Several absentees wero announood ae tho competitors took their preliminaries, the most notable belug Boolka, Dunlop, St John, Umbra, Gardenia, Keaneth, Bonnio Dooa and Highland Chief. It was also deomod inexpe dient to slip the pationtly proservod Kensiug- tou-cuui-Kingaton representative, Lady Boll, and iu the face of tho high estcom in which tho followers of Oripps's stable hold Harvester, tho absence of Dufforin was sufficiently acoouuted for. The forcible cloveuth hour demonstration in favor of Hogmanay causod corresponding diarogard for his stable companion Don G iovan, whoso veteran pilot, Sammy Davis, brought to mind old time associatione. William Tell, of oourse, claimed a strong following ; nolther was tho Kingston cast oil, Kohai. without his posse oi admirers, who havo olo3oly adhored to the Ta«- manian since ho firstoxhibited signs of improve ment under Foulsh&m;'s careful supervision. The bandsomosoa of Manuka looked every inch a gentloman as ho BauntQred up to the starting post, his blank silken ooat glistening iu tho sun with marked effect, and to look at him- one would novor suspect tho possession of those ohiokon hoartod tendencies with which his enomles credit him. Ever sinoe ha entered tho portals of Foulaham'a stable his porformanoos havo been so good and consistent that ho has amply vindicated himself on his detractors, and it is more than probable that he may live to be still further avenged, Sheet Anchor lookod bright as a star, and moved with noticeable freedom when taking hi3 preliminary. A marked improvement was observable in Xan- tippe, who has developed great muscular power, and on this occasion a change for the better was observed in her behaviour, Mr. Crooke having taken tho precaution of attend ing to her toilet in a quiet corner outsido the saddling paddock, freo from the intrusion of interviewers. Straight shot was fairly towered over by her more imposing opponents, but the littlo chestnut mare carried lots of polish in tho matter of condition, though I could not help thinking that she was out-classcd in such company. Quinlin Matsop looked well to the eye, and Mr. Dakin made no secret of his confidence in tho chestnut's ability to pull through. Tho Ghost, likewise, nppeared pink ; neither could much fault bo found with St. Louis, Harvestor, Menotti and Lara ; but Sedition wore a particularly ragged appearance, while Maroondah was as fat a3 a Berkshire hoar. Coronet was also decidedly jolly, and both Pocahontas and Marie Louise have been seen in -much better trim. Never did Mr. "Watson hold a large field in hotter con trol. Instantly the flag dipped William Tell jumped away with his accustomed smartness, and, closely hugging the inside rails, he always appeared to hold ' a clear advantage of every thing till noaring the carriage paddock fence, where Hogmanay and Harvester challenged simultaneously. Tho gallant chestnut, not withstanding bis crushing burden, was equal to the emergency, and shooting away with con summate easo he Bcored a meritorious and popular victory. Kohai camo through his horses liko a rocket at the finish, and deprived Harvester oi tho barren honors of third place. Louise Berts, Monotti and St. Louis showed a bold front to within the distance, and Xantipps and Quinten Matsep also flattered their respec tive admirers half way up the straight. Lara on the contrary, never appeared to advantage at any part of tho race, and I also cast my eye down tho lino of loaders in vain for Don Giovnn, Sheet Anchor, Straight Shot, Mario Louise and Sedition. Tho time, 1 min. 15J see. , shows the race to havo been truly run, and it is a notable fact that this record has only been once beaten for tho Newmarket Handicap, viz. , by Malua in 1884, whon tho distance was traversed in J sec. faster time. Tho Normanby Stakes proved the moral it appeared for Hortense, who carried her penalty quite as easily as she did in the Maribyrnong Plato, the issue never being once iu doubt. The withdrawal of Mosstrooper in favor of Blue Mountain for the Hurdlo Race was tho signal for a general raid on the black son of Croagh Patrick, whose victory administered another decisivo blow to the ring, the members of which fared very little better over the Bagot Handi cap, for which event All Gold received con siderable support. The long distance event resultod in oneof tho finest contests ovor fought out at Flemington. Within tho distunoo tho leadors presented a well maintained line across the course, und in the babel of voicos were heard alternate cries of " Duration," " All Gold," "Recall," "Lord Wilton," "The Nun," "Rufus," "Claptrap" and "Britisher," each of which flattered their admirers in turn. It was indeed a grand spactaolo, and reflected credit ably on Mr. Barnard, who can claim to have frainod one of the best handioaps over fought out on a racecourse. A9 previously notified, it was anybody's race a fnrlong from home ; and just afterwards, when Duration appeared to be holding hie field, All Gold gradually forged alongaido tho black son of Ilughenden, and littlo Gorry steadying his horsa instantly ho found ho bad Duration beaten, he had sufficient in hand to clerorly stall off a concluding chal lenge on tho part of Rocall, who wa3 beaten half a length. It was an uncommonly close finish all round. Duration being only separated half a length irorn Rocall and the ox-hurdle racer hemmed in by Claptrap, Grace Darling, Camerine, Harvester, Impulse, Lord Wilton and The Nun, all of a hoap. After tho disappointment experienced with Hogmanay iu the Standish Handicap, All Gold's victory in the great event of the day wae a wol- come Balvo to the veteran Sam. Martin— the acknowledged bos3 of tho touting fratornity — and his conjiiaute Joe Morrison, who enjoys tho reputation of being ono of the most capable of tho Flemington trainers, and than whom none are tuoro diligent and attontivo in the pursuit of their calling. All Gold's condition bore forcibio evidence of Morrison's master hand, and tho occasion was tho second time the Flemington montor has carried oft an import ant raco was with tho chestnut, whoso pre vious big victory wa3 at Uandwick last May, when ho annexed the Queeu'6 Birthday Cup, of 500 boys, added monoy. Tho horo of tho Bagot Handicap, like Chuckstcr and several othor prominent performers, is aired in? Tlirt XThFfiii tc'a R/tn_ Tiifidf!. from Golden Locks, a daughter of Tom King and the imported maro Whirlpool. Ail Gold was bred by Mr. W. H. Devlin, of Rivorina, and hocamo tho property of hi3 present owner after winning the Derby and Shorts at last season's 6pring meeting of the Murrumhidgoo Turf Club. Tho stablo took all the available double event money iu conjuuotiou with Hogmanay for tho StandiGh Handicap, but tho defeat of tho nrst-named did not dotor substantial support being accorded All Gold, who had ebown his trainor a gallop which thoroughly justified tho anticipation of a vic tory. Tho win is anothor triumph of tho time test eystom in its application to trial gallops, for in all Australia thore aro no raoro ardent believers in tho watch than tho owner and trainer of All Gold ; and whatovor may be said to tho contrary by those who ara Imbued with old country fallacies and prejudices, thero can bo no gainsaying tho fact that all our lead ing trainers find tho timing process invaluablo by way of affording rellablo tests of merit both in private and publio trials. Tho mannor in whioh Harvester remained closely reefed at the head of nfTaira during the firat half of the journey did not favor tho anticipation of any thing extraordinary iu the matter of timo, and although the distance was 20 yards shorter than tho Hotham Handicap, won by Claptrap, tho race took a second longer to run, and this under conditions peculiarly favorable for fast travelling, the turf being in excellent order and the atmosphere almost perfect. Following the successful disposal of the " thousand pounder," Mr. Martin's crimson and white hoops were again to the foro in tho Steeplechase by the assistance of Lizetto, who proved the heroine of one of the most uninte resting contests ever hold over tho Flemington course. All excitement was at an end when Curiosity and Lady Ashton came to griof op posite the grand stand enclosure, where Lizetto waB left with a long lead of Contingent and Moonlight, and increasing tho distance at every stride ehe soon held an advantage of nearly a quarter of a mile, thus reducing the last rouud of the journey to a formal procession. If the Steeplechaso was devoid of interest, it was not wanting in incident. In tho first place, it was remarkable that two accredited fencers like Curiosity and Lady Ashton should be tho only ones that camo to grief, and this early in the hunt. Then there was tho novel and ludi- crouB display subsequently renderod by Curio sity and the individual who took the liberty of mounting tho queer colored roan after the latter had disposed of King. It was quite a comical spectacle to Bee the "strawberry" horse steer lor the piokot fence encircling the course proper, and then unceremoniously eject his rider into tho straight. Fears were entertained, how ever, lost the horse— after comfortably and safely laying out tho intruder on the broad of his back, as if in full consciousness of the un warrantable liberty taken with him — on landing would breast the new rail only sepa rated a few yards from the old pickets, His escape was nothingshortof miraculous, and but for being as clever as a trick horse he could scarcely have averted a fatal; accident. As affairs turned out the aged geld ing escaped with comparatively slight injury. It remained with Escutcheon to score a triumph on behalf of New Zealand in the concluding .event of the day, but the ring man had ex perienced such a rough time over William Toll, Hortense, Blue Mountain, All Gold and Lizetto, that thero was very little inclination to field against tho youthful invader, who galloped down his field with the utmost ease. Equally successfnll appears to havo been tho the New Year's day meeting at Randwick, where the Sydney Tattorsall's Clnb inaugurated their annual two-days festival. It was a happy hit of mine in plumpiog for Tom Brown, who, strangoly enough, was do- void of friends and left the paddock one of tho most despised of outsiders. I have always entertained tho highest opinion of this fine son of Kelpie, and pointed out in these columns a fortnight ago the reduction in his handicap impost as compared with his standard weights before coming to grief in the memorable Caulfield Gup accident So badly injured was ho on that occasion that many people thought it a matter of doubt as to whether he would regain that form whioh enabled him to win ills first Tattersatl's Cup and other events as a 4-year-old, I remarked that he was right up with tho leaders when the crash occurred, and lie wa3 in such rare buckle that I ontertaiuod high hope of him landing a good race last season but for being seriously injured in the calamitous accident alluded to. By remaining firm to my old love I have succeeded in commenoing the now year's tipsterial campaign as successfully in Now South Wales as at Flemington. Tho victory of Mocrhouse over Huntingtower and Abercorn in tho Lady Carrington Plate furnished another aurpriso to those who patronised Randwick. Moorhouse is by the imported horso Hoorthorpe from Goraldine, bred by Mr. Androw Town, at whose last yearling sale ho was sold for 55 guineas, whereas Huntingower roalisod 1000 guineas at the earns auction. What lotteries these yearling sales, to be sure ! On tho second day of tho Randwick meeting Kitawa appropriated the honors of the Carring ton Stakos from a field of 20 opponents, and thus compensated tho Warwiok Farm etabie for the disappointments experienced in the Tattorsall's and Summer Cups, with Brown and Roso and Kitawa, who ran 6ocond and third respectively for tho events in question. The chango from Victoria to New South Wales has had a most beneficial effect on tho Tasmanian bred eon of Manuka, whose recent perform ances in conjunction with those of Kohai, have done much towards rescuing from ob scurity a much neglected sire. Kitawa occupied such a prominent position in the Mel bourne Cup for a mile and a half, that his recent victory ia iu no way surprising j but tho stable wero so disheartened by his defeat in the Summer Cup that they wero somewhat doubt ful of success, as instanced by tho fact that he was permitted to leave tho paddock at the liberal odds of 10 to 1. It wae a good perform ance 011 tho part of Tom Brown to struggle into third place with 9 st, and his behavior was in contrast to that of Hexham, Highland Mary and Myall King, whose favorable imposts led their respective partisans to anlicipato bettor things. The leniently treated I'aoul also occasioned disappointment ; whilst Dagobert, the Summer Cup hero, oloarly proved that a little oxtra weight is Bufficiont to eeparato a tip- top per formance from a comparatively inforior one. The Victorian representatives, Bon Bolt and Albanus, journeyed aoross the border in vain, notwithstanding that the last n&mod; was voted a good thing for tho New Year's Gift, and baokod accordingly. Another hot pot boilod over in Yellow Jacket for the Freo Handioap, tho winner turning up iu Gold Lake, a horse who performed very indifferently at the Flemington Spring Meeting. The Victorian jookey, Malone, proved successful in pulling off a hurdle and steeplechaso doubloon Unique and The Hatter, which is about tho only crodit- able part we oan claim to havo played in the Randwiok midsummer oampaign. What with an exceptionally good "gate" and a olear profit of £190 accruing from tho Soiling Race, Mr. Cox had quite a field day at Moonoe . Valley on Monday last, when, if fair fields, olose finishes and a strong balance of wins in favor of the favorites go for anything, the publio likewise found themselves in clover. The con genial weather which prevailed further enhanced tho situation, and taken altogether the outing was of a highly pleasurable character, except of course from a bookmaker's standpoint. Bingara, on tho strength of having finished second to Escutcheon on Now Year's day, was singled oat as tho pea for the Maiden Plate, and with no Success to oppose her on this occasion, tho Wellington filly succoeded in avenging her pre vious defeat over the same ground. The South Australian party, who wero present in force, made certain of winning the Now Year's Gift with Perhaps, and the Juvenile Stakes heroins accordingly left tho enclosure a warmly sup ported candidate. Strange to say, she was one of tho very first in trouble, and victory re mained with Derision, who, liko the preceding winner, was bred atGIcnormiston. By winning the Steeplechase, Union Jack scored his third consocutiva victory over tho big sticks in as many attempts, thu3 bearing further testimony of tho advisablenoss of fol lowing up horses when they are found to bo in a generous vein. King took tho mount himself on this occasion, Union Jack's previous rider, Roberts, being laid low by an attack of typhoid fever. But for getting badly away Munwyr- tina would have easily reversed tho head de cision by which Achmot deprived him of victory in tho Coburg Handicap. Itremained with the Selling Race to furnish tho most noteworthy incident of the afternoon. For a long time it was difficult to obtain even money about Ariel j 'but by the time F. F, , who was noticeably late in appearing on the course, had completed his pre liminary and joined his field, who wore awaiting his arrival at the post, the favorite showed grad ual signs of weakness. At last tho atmosphere became decidedly tainted with a not altogether unfamiliar odor, which wa3 wafted across the flat, and finally it was a eight to watch tho dead meat purveyors buzzing about like blow flies around a condemned pork pie. From " evens" Ariel retired to " IVhat price wiUyou take ?" whilst F.F. became installed in the vacated favoriteship. Contrary to expectation, Ariel gave his backers a great run by finish ing eocond ; but there are certain people who aro never satisfied, and such grumbled because he- did not come in first. The fun did not finish with Ariel's desperate, though unsuccessful, attempt to overhaul F.F,, for on tho pair of chesnuts being submitted to the hammer, some lively speculation ensued, tho winner being knocked down for 115 so vs. , and the runner up, notwithstanding he had 8 lb. the worst of the weights with his victor, for 150 sovs. ; A round of applause concluded this entertaining episode, and needless to say tho worthy entrepreneur beamed forth a smile good enough to " break the record" in tbatpar- ticular line of business. Ariel became the joint property of a well known Melbourne sharebroker and an Adelaide contractor, and has joined Mr. C. L. M'Donald's team. It wae not until Coffey, his former nomi nator and trainer, continued "nodding" up to 145 sovs. that he permitted the little ohesnut to be taken away. The lightly weighted Vasco afterwards brought tho programme to a close by winning the Ascot Valo Handicap, in which Gorry gained hig second victory of tho day. Mr. S. Martin, after only just escaping the Standish Handicap with Hogmanay, made hig mark at Flemington on tho opening day of the newyear, his cheque amounting to the substan tial sum of £1410. Iu Ail Gold he possesses a very scrriceablo performer, whilst Hog manay, although decidedly deficient in class can claim to bo one of the most consis tent horses of the season. Most people des paired of Lizetto ever winning another impor tant stoeplechase, but the daughter of Hiero glyph re- appeared in something of her old bril liancy, and executed one of the moBt one-sided performances ever witnessed at Flemington. In contrast to the triumph of the "crimson and white hoops " of tho veteran Sam Martin, who enjoys the reputation of being tho "AVarrigal " of the Flemington training track, was the inauspicious fortune whioh attended the unfuriing of Mr. IV. Pearson's colors on Now Year's day. "With Bedouin and Citadel thore was not much pros- peot of Eeeing the black jacket and whtto sash carr ied to tho foro ; but previous to Lady Ashton ooming suoh an un expected purler at tho stono wall in front of the stand the followers of the Pania mare were confidently counting on a victory. Tho serious accident to Commotion was, however, Mr. Pearson's greatest reverse. Tho smash was a bad one, and so severe was the injury to his shoulder that the horse had to be placed ia slings in a temporary box in tho Flemington sauauug pauaocs. juo was a iew asys ago sufficiently rocovored to hobble off the courso to hi3 box. It is doubtful whether the veteran will ever again grace a racecourse with liig presence, Apropos oi tho accident to Commotion, Power, the rider of Recall, requests me to contradict a statement made in tho columns of a morning contomporary, whose turf blunderinga and whimsicalities have of late become the laughing stock of the sporting community.. The con- tretemps wae statod to ho " such an extraordi nary circumstance" that some "authentio details" woro vouchsafed. The "authentio de tails" in question oxistod only in tho imagination of tho writer, whose gullibility by way of loading a willing ear to the inspirations of tout, trainer or bookmaker, and re-producing tho same in tho " authentio" fashion alluded to, has bocomo quite a bye-word. The pub lication of such worthless matter affects only those who voluntarily place themselves under the affliction of perusing the same, but when statements are fabricated under the cloak of "authentio details" for no other purpose than to reflect unfavorably ou one of our lest respected jookeys, suoh on- fair charges ought not to bo permitted to g( uncontradicted ; and, therefore, I willingly avail myself of tho opportunity of aeoeding to Power's request. In narrating tho acotdent was made. to appear that Recall, on the whin.: hand, bumped Commotion on tho off quarter of Duration, aud thus caused the collision ' Vrhioh disabled the son of Panic. Tho state- Inant is denied by Wood, tbe rider of Commo tion, and, as a matter of faot, Recall was next the rails when the melee occurred, with Boolka i alongside ; and Power called Olds'a attention to the scrimmage immediately it occurred, re marking, "There's something wrong with Commotion." Having ceased to ride for his ! ©Id employer, Mr. Pearson, in consequence of severing his connection with that gon- tleman's trainer, Mr. F. F. D-ikin, Power not Unnaturally interpreted tho false recital of the transaction in the light of an innuendo, k ortu- nately both Mr. Pearson and Mr. Dakin en tertain a too high appreciation o£ Power's honor and integrity, fortnod on a lengthened experience, for a moment to suspect that he would lower himself to such a dc3picablo action as that which ho considers to be imputed to him. Contingent's inferior exhibition on New Year's day adds further testimony to the fact that a horse may be capable of a first class performance ovsr the Caulfield steeplechase i; course and yet cut a Tery indifferent figure at Flemington. The same has been forcibly exem- plified by such horses as Studley and The Irish- man, and now again by Contingent. The extra p . height of the fences makes all the difference. Contingent sails so beautifully over tho C'aul- p - field jumps that I had faith in his ability to J negotiate the V.R.C. course with similar 1; success, but he failed to do so, albeit he ij sncoeeded in getting round without falling, and jf . that was all. Corrigsn had a very uncomfort- able ride, and which must have reminded him ©fa similar experience on Wymlot South Australia was well represented at Flemington on New Year's day, amongst those $5 present from the benighted colony being two portly sporting figures in Mr. Caleb Peacock | and Mr. W. B. Rounsevell, the sponsor of the defeated Totalisator Bill. The owner of tbe if "rose and black" livery informs me that he does not despair of eventually ?! tooling the " infernal machine " through the South Australian legislature. Until that '3. auspicious occasion arrives there is but slight " hope of a revival of racing in the modern ; Jerusalem. I should mention that "Trum- : pator," of the Adelaide Observer, was also pre- : ; cent at the Flemington mooting. v Mr. S. Gardiner's attractive colors, "purple ana gold," were very conspicuous at Fhm'ng- ton last Saturday. On four separate occasions was the Boroondara flag unfurled, and in each ;3 instance did the bearers thereof "walk 3 in with the crowd," as tho record- ing Bcribes usually put it. The por- ' formances of Maroondah, Loyalist and jj Shark, although devoid of success, carried with them the charm of uniformity, a virtue that a':. few racing stables can boast of. Putting | " pleasantry aside, it is to be hoped the team will ii, be capable of improved form, for the turf can j? claim no more enthusiastic votary than the | Bundoora studmaster, who is one of the f". few, very, few, sportsmen who follow the na- 'f.'. - tional pastime for tho love of the sport pure li and simple, and without a yearning for deeply f laid coups and a lust for long odds. (/ Power may be deemed uufortunato in nar- : rowly missing two such important events as ;f the Standish and Bagot Handicaps, in each of j» which he rode the runner up. These in them- selves were sufficiently adverse strokes of for- ;.J tune, without having to put up with tho unjust 3 accusation made in a morning contemporary, :: noted for the unreliablencss of its turf news, , , in effect that he was the perpetrator of the act ? which oaused the disablement of Commotion i| hi the raco for the Bagot Handicap. Frowns, . like loousts, come in swarms, tit Professional pugilists whose innate penchant j! for flattening out defenceless fellow citizens on \- the publio pavements has recently brought i|> them within the grip of — I was going to say f| justice, but "£10 or a month" for a dastardly and unprovoked assault can scarcely come ;? within the appellation— the law, are anything ?' but fit subjects to hold betting licences under i; . the premier racing institution of Australia, j! Those entrusted with the responsibility of ;; issuing the necessary "diplomas" think dif- ; ferently, however, for gentry of the kidney re- i; ferred to were seen plying their vocation at Flemington on Saturday last. ii In New South Wales the next important a event to oome forward for decision is the Anni- ij versary Handicap, to be run for under the auBpicesof the Sydney Turf Club. Silvermine, a; 8 at. 12 lb., heads tho list, and Is placed 4 lb. k ; above Ben Bolt. Kitawa's Carrington Stakes ,1 Viotory has placed him within a couple of pounds of the Queonslandor, and Keith has also IS: been well looked after at 8 st. 4 lb. Mr. Cooper's pair of chestnuts, Blairgowrie and Cltoe- ( - bam, are allotted 8 st. aud 7 st 12 lb. respectively, :j - treatment whioh their owner considered unde- \- served, and be has withdrawn them in conse- l , - quence. Silver King has now come down to a s nice raoingweigbt at 7 st. 101b., aud it is ahout i time the Warwick Farm people should win a raco with the St. Albans bred horso, who has I.- been a conspicuous failure over oit.ee ho dis- played such promising form as a 3-year-old. » Silvermine, like Chesham and Blairgowrie, wa6 scratched' for- tbo Auniversery Handicap in stantly the woighte appeared. It was plainly evident that there were a num- . ber of nou- tryera at Flemington on Saturday !i last. From want of condition and other causes t ,;there were eight animals in the Standish Ifan- 'dicap which I placed in my regi6terof "waiters." In the Normanby Stakes each of the contestants k had a cut in at Hortense, and in tho Hurdle r -Race there were apparently only two horses s out for an airing. The cases, however, were Bucli flagrant ones that handicappers could ? scarcely be persuaded to " tako a bit off" tho > next time they ore placed at their tender E. . mercios. Of the 21 candidates for the Bagot Handfoap there were only about four who were \ ' started for ulterior motives, and I would not like to venture the opinion that tho Australian ' Oup winner was not amongst them. Soldier Boy's victories at Mooneo Valley have been the moans of attracting othor up country \- bora ss to Mr. Cox's course, andion Monday the provincial performors were represented by Da- foe, Glowlight and Lady Kate. Tho first-named made a creditable display by running second to Vasco in the Ascot Vale Handicap, but Glow- light cut an indifferent figure by 'acting as whipper in for the same event. Lady Kate was no more successful, but as she carried 20 lb. overweight in each of the two races thore was somo excuse for her inferior behavior. There is nothing like commencing the new year in good form, and this 1 suoceoded in doing as far as my Flemington and Randtvick vatici nations were concerned. There was very little credit attached to foretelling tho respec tive victories of Hortense and Escutcheon — public form pointed to eaoh as a moral— but I have reason to plume myself on having fairly and squarely struck the double event par excell ence of tho day with William Tell and All Gold. My Tattersall's Cup plump in favor of Tom Brown was equally happy, for, like All Gold, he was severely ignored by every other sporting journal in this and the adjoining colonies. An up country nag uamed Defoe was greatly fancied for tho Ascot Valo Handicap at Moonee Valley last Monday, but ho failed to do more than run second to the moderate Vasco, who carried the minimum weight of 6 st. Dofoe was handicapped on tho same mark, but ho had to put up a winning penalty of 7 lb. Defoe, 3 years, is by Robinson Crusoe's brother of the same name, from the dam ot the roan steeple chaser Deceiver, formerly in Batty's stable, a fair performer over the big sticks, but a coarse bred looking animal. Tbe committee of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club havo decidod to hold a meeting at Caul- field on Saturday, the 7th of May, in lieu of the usual April meeting. Tbe full programme will shortly be published. The numbered saddle cloths, which have be came so popular since they wore introduced by Mr, Bond, at Caulfield, were used for the first time at Randwiok on New Year's day. Mr. Perry, secretary of the Sydney Tattersall's Club, is to be complimented for his enterprise in in troducing the innovation into Now South Wales. There i9 a disposition evinced to iniuse fresh blood into tho governing body of the Austra lian Jockey Club, and four names havo already been submitted as candidates for the committee to bo appointed at the annual meeting, viz., those of Messrs. W. Cooper, F. Clissoid, W. M. Arnold and E. Maher. Judging of the sales of thoroughbreds re cently held in both Melbourne -nil Sydney, rac ing stock at present savors of being a drug on tho market. Biddings were extremely low at the disposal of the Tahletop yearlings on Tues day, and Mr. Clibborn does not appear to have been much more successful. The Victorian plater Aibanus is said to have changed hands at 135 guineas, and Peter, a former stable com panion to Trenton, Chesham, Blairgowroie aud Co., at 125 guineas. An offer of 220 guineas for Yellow Jacket was refused. The programme of the Ninnurkah meeting, to bo held on the 16th February, appears else where, tbe principal item therein being tho Numurkah Handicap, of 50 sovs. A prominent figure has been removed from the ranks of the Caulfield trainers by the death of Frank Leng. Deceased was a very capable exponent of the oraft to which ho belonged, his greatest triumphs being achieved with that eterling mare, Southern Cross, albeit be made his mark with animals like Monarque, The Ghost and Tiohb.orne. Leng graduated with tho late Mr. Thomas Dawson, of Middle- bant, Yorkshire, who won the Two Thousand Guineas and Derby with Pretonder in 1869. Tho Ketnpton Park Great Breeders' Produce Stakes of 5000 sovs. has outrivalled everything hitherto achieved in the way of entries for English races, the nominations secured number ing no less than 614 mares. The stake is for the produce of mures covered iu 1886, to run at 2 years old; colts 9 st, fillies and geldings 8 st. 11 lb., with various penalties and allowances. The nominator of the winner is to receive 300 sovs., the nominator of tho second 150 sovs., and 100 sovs. is to be taken by the nominator of the third ; tho owner of the second will ra- celvo 300 sovs. and the owner of the third 100 sovs. out of the stakes. There is a graduated scalo of subscription to the race, and foals, the forfeit for which is declared by the Tuesday after Goodwood, 1887, will pay no subscrip tion. Fired by tho enterprise of the Sandown Park authorities, the Kempton directors have issued the conditions of a Jubilee Stakes of 3000 guineas, to he decided on the second day of tho Kempton Park Spring Meeting next season, viz., Satuiday, 7th May. The articles read : — " The Jubilee Stakes of 3000 guineas (handi cap), by subscription of 10 guineas each if struck out by a time to be named when the weights appear ; if left in after that date a further subscription of 20 guineas, aud an ad ditional subscription of 20 guineas for starters ; the second to receive 200 sovs., aud third 100 sovs. out of tho stakes ; for three-year-olds and upwards ; a winner after the publication of tho weights of a raco valuo 500 sovs. to carry 7 lb.; twice of 500 sovs., or ouce of 1000 sovs., 14 lb. extra ; the winner of the Two Thousand Guineae or Ono Thousand to carry 8 st. 7 1b., inclusive of peualties, if handicapped below that weight ; 100 subsoribers, or the stake may be reduced. Oue mite," The stake closed on Tuesday last, the 4th inst. The entries for the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cap show a falling off as com pared with those of last year, tho Uefioiency being 20 aud 10 respectively. Tho jockey, Skehatt, who in t with an accident whilst riding Bexley in the Two-year- old Boiling Raco at Sydney Tattersall's meet ing, succumbed to his injuries on Thursday last. Tho ex-Victorian, First Prinoe, succeeded in making a creditable debut in Western Australia by winuing the Perth Oup and Queen's Plate. The meeting in question at Perth was a great financial success, and next year the value of the Oup is to ho raised to 530 sovs. At the Goraldon meeting, next December, the value of the Victorian Cup is to beincreased to 300aors. Thus the Western Australians have fairly given their pious neighbors of the land of farina the go-by iu racing affairs. A large meeting of the residents of Queens- cliff, to form a local race club, was held on Thursday at the Ozone Hotel. Major Ind pre sided, and a largo sum of money was subscribed in tho room. It was decided to hold the annual races on the 16th of next month. Mr. Gcorgo F. Baillieu was elected secretary, and a libera programme will be offered. 