THE CATHOLIC APOSTOLIC LECTURES. The first of these lectures was delivered at the Mechanics’ Institute last evening. Mr H.A. King, as chairman, briefly introduced the lecturer. Mr William Miller. Mr Miller, in commencing his lecture, said tkut the lectures to be given would be ad dressed principally to Christians who had accepted Christ as their Saviour, for they would deal more with the gospel of the Kingdom than the gospel of salvation which is preached in all parts of the Christian Church. The individual salvation of men through the all-sufficient sacrifice of their Saviour, is not, he said, the final object of God’s grace, but there is something infini tely higher set before the Christian, who, having been made a member of the Bride of the Lamb, is called upon to look forward to sharing His rule over the whole universe of God, when the Saviour shall take to Himself His great power and reign. Personal salvation is secured to all, but those who wilfully reject the Lord as their Saviour, even when the whole earth is full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea, but the heathen in the eternal kingdom will be the subjects, while the Christians will be rulers. The church alone, as the body of Christ, is, said Mr Miller, destined to lead up the worship of all creation unto God, under Him who is a priest for evor after the order of Melchisidie. She cannot attain to this in the absence of her Lord, and, therefore, His return is set before us as the one great hope of all believers. Nothing less than the whole con gregation of the baptised, both living and departed, forms the one Catholic and Apostolic Church. The first ministry of the church was theapostleship, but as the church grew the apostles were unable to take care of its spiritual and temporal affairs, both, and so seven men were chosen by the congregation to care for the worldly neces sities of the people. These were, re marked the lecturer, called deacons, and also to preach and to baptise. A reference to Acts, viii., 5, 21, .showed what powers were committed to deacons, and it also showed that for the gift of the Holy Ghost in its fulness the apostolic office was necessary. How many, said the lec turer, we have now to preach am,l baptise, but who is there to convey the gift of the Holy Ghost with His manifold gifts, pro phecy, healing, speaking in tongues, the working of miracles, and so forth. The necessity for apostles is, continued Mr Miller, also shown by the call of a distinct apostle ship in the persons of Paul and Barrabas, when the Lord turned to the Gentiles to take from them a people for His name. This opened anew chapter in the develop ment of the Christian church-, showing that the Christian faith is not a mere spiritualised Judaism. God’s promise to the Jews will be fulfilled, but the promises to the Chris tians are infinitely higher in their nature. The next step in the development of the church was the ordaining of elders, and, finally, the fourfold ministry of apostles, prophets, evangelists, and pastors, or teachers, was fully- brought out. This was, said the lecturer, perfectly adapted to the wants of the intellectual and spiritual man, for the mind of man is fourfold, being composed of the will, the imagination, the understanding, and the affections. Iu the world, the man of strong and well regulated will takes a place as a ruler; in the church, he was set as an apostle, an angel (or bishop), or as an elder. In daily life, the man of stroug and vivid imagination is a poet, a painter, or perhaps a clever architect; in the church, he was used by the power of the Holy Ghost as a prophet, one capable of rising above the things of the world, and of receiving revelations of the hidden mysteries of God. A man of strong understanding and sound common sense is', remarked Mr Miller, in daily life the practical man, the man to grapple with arid overcome difficul ties; in the church, he was the evangelist who was set to show the people the reason ableness of their faith, for God teaches nothing against our reason, though He teaches much above it. A man of strong human sympathy is, in the world, the benevolent man, who seeks to alleviate the misery of his fellows; in the church, he was the pastor, the man who, above all others, could win the hearts of the people to God by showing them His infinite love and tender mercy. The lecturer went on to say that the mission of the church was first to bear witness to the truth of God, to be the light of the world, the pillar and ground of the truth. She had to take out of all nations an election—a people—for the name of the Lord to train her children for their high aud heavenly calling. Finally-, as the body of Christ, she had to do in earth what He was doing in heaven—to continually and unceas ingly keep up the holy work of intercession for a world sunk iu wickedness and sin, aud for all the creatures of God’s hand. As the bride of the heavenly bridegroom, she is called to be one iu heart aud work with her ascended Lord. Until the bride hath made herself ready the marriage of the lamb cannot take place. Man cannot accomplish this wondrous work; the power to do it must come from the throne of grace, but the church, though divided into many sects, is the spiritual Zion which the Lord Himself will re-build “ when the time to favor her; yea, the set time is come.” The next lecture will be on the fall of the church from her true standing, and will ineclude the consideration of the Epistles in the seven churches in Asia, considered as a prophetic history of the church. 