Australian CtUgrams, [FBOM TBS DAILY PAPERS.] NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, Saturday. The Filaria Bronohialis, a parasitio worm infesting the bronohial tubes, iB reported to be oausing IOBSBS in stook in some districts, owing to the unusually wet season. As a remedy, veterinarians are using an injection composed of oil of turpentine (two drachma), oarbolic acid (twenty minims), and tinoturo of opium or ohloroform (one draehm). This is introduoed into the windpipe by passing the needle of a tracheal injection syringe through the skin, about tbe middle of the neck. Captain Poole, of the whaling barque John Winthrop, reports that Mount Tinakula, in the New Hebrides, has become an active voloano. Beach is having his boat fitted with a new and ingenious elide made by Thomas Spencer, and said by authorities to be the most perfect yet invented. The creditors of Messrs. John Sands and Co. yesterday unanimously deoided to aooept 5b. in the pound cash within one week and the balanoe at intervals of three months, making in all 20s. in full. John Stephen M'Mahon, the third son of Alderman P. M'Mahon, of Sydney, was dtowned in a lagoon at Bellevue, Braid wood, to-day, whilBt endeavouring to reoover some duoks which he had shot. The reoently - formed Australian Republican Union has already a roll of 200 members, and BtepB are being taken for tbe formation of branches throughout the oolony. A meeting of the Associated Miners of tbe Hunter's River district was held at NewoaBtle this afternoon. Only a fourth of tbe total number of members attended, and it was resolved that the tribute grievanoe required united action against the master. Sunday. The Mayor of Sydney reoeived a cheque yesterday from the Creswick Committee of the Bulli Relief Fund for £107 13s. 3d. Lord Shaftesbury has arrived by the Guthrie. After visiting the Australian oolonies he retnrns to England, vid New Zealand and Cape Horn. About 1600 miners met at Wallsend yesterday to protest against the tribute Bystem BB detrimental to the best interests of the miners, and a resolution to that effect was paBBed, and another, " that frequent discharges of miners, and refusal of masters to meet miners on questions in dispute required united action on the men's part." A man named Cornelius Jaokson, arrested on a oharge of embezzlement, tried to strangle himself in the polioe oell. Subsequently a friend, accompanied by a cou- ntable, oalled to see him, when he was found insensible, having set fire to tbe floor mat of his cell, the smoke from whioh had nearly suffocated him. He has been plaoed. under Btriot Burveillanoe. Monday. Human bones were found by tbe polioe near Penrith whilst searching for a reported ghost. It appears that a foul deed has been oommitted, and that tbe guilty one first attempted to bury his viotim, but, not having proper tools, he tried cremation. A hole, started for the grave, was found near the remains, and close to the spot where the vision was reported to have been seen. Stables near M'Namara's Club Hotel, in Bega, have been totally destroyed by fire. Cowderoy's store was BIBO muoh damaged. The IOBB is estimated at from £2000 to £4000. The charities of Sydney benefited to the extent of £8.1 by tbe collections made on board the Sunbeam while in harbour. The body of Mr. J. S. M'Mahon, eon of Alderman M'Mahon, was recovered this morning near Braidwood, in a depth of seven feet of water, entangled with rushes and weeds. An inquest was held shortly after wards, when a verdict of accidental death was returned. „ Tuesday. The Oommeroial Bank's balance-sheet for the last half-year -shows a profit of £80,068. A dividend of $6 per «ent. has been declared. The Meroantile Bank declared a diviidpnfl of,9-per cent,,per annum. Thomas Finney, aged twenty, a tmtM, was oommitted for trial to-day on th. ' of shooting his father with intent to?'? M him. Prisoner, who had severely . S * his father, had been heard to saythau, goaded on to the deed by t h ^ w ? 1 The mangled remains of a man not .. identified, were found on the railway ™ near Ashfield this morning. Mr. John M'Phillamy. a well w Bathurst resident, died last night °*S sixty-two. He has left propertfe.tWw at a quarter of a million. ^ 