"Let ale tie ends thou aim st at te thy Country's, "ei, God's and Truth's. - . :FRIDAY, 7th OCTOBER, ,1887. THE north riding ratepayers of ,the Shire of Euroa, and especiallly those residing in the parishes of Kialla, Caniambo, and Gowiangardic, have occasion, to be thankful for the paternal interest continually" manifested.in their. welfare by, the neighboring Shepparton Shire. It has been our lot upon various. occasions to nip in-the bud several pro-. mising -schemes emanating, privately from over the border, but this time we are gratified to find that the, Sheppar-I ton council has taken matters in hand I officially, and, upon the" motion of Cr, Daly, at a special meeting held recently, has resolved, to defray the- cost of preL paring and obtaining signatures to- a petition for severance of the uppeirpor tion of the north riding from Euroa, and' its incorporation with Shepparton Shire, as a new riding returning three members- -" if sufficient land can be obtained." We are not aware of any widespread discontent in the north riding, and are quite ignorant of any. representations having emanated from the residents. The north riding mem bers of the Euroa Shire, the majority of whom live in the heart of the alleged disaffected area have, curiously enough, at all times- vigorously resented any imputation of inclining Shepparton wards, the trend of their actions being toward the strengthening of existing ties, and altogether the action of our neighbors appears to be without suffi cient warranty. If one fact is more patent than another to the ratepayers. adjoining the Broken River it is that Euroa Shire would not for one moment desire to retain them if they are inclined to separate; and a second well recog nised fact is that under present arrange ments north riding ratepayers have been more than generously treated. Possessed of energetic and business like representatives such as Crs. Hehir, Thorne, and Grattan, works in past years have been executed with such despatch that the principal impediment to the farmer who makes Shepparton his market town is met with in the almost impassable condition of the main road in the Shepparton Shire and even within the town boundaries. This state of things, combined with the fact that whilst Euroa is in a splendid financial position her neighbor is laboring under almost intolerable water trust burdens and monetary difficulties, is a standing and sufficient commentary as to the direction from whence the most advan tages are derivable. The proposal to form Kiall, Caniambo, Gowangardie, nd possibly portions of Arcadia and Karramomus "into a separate riding eturning three members-if sufficient and:can be obtained " is certainly an. idmirabiy-conceived proposal, and will ensure the signatures of all "discon- I tented" ratepayers within the area. At the next. meeting of the Euroa Council a proposal is to be considered as to the iest means of re-dividing the shire into four ridings, and the Shepparton move ment is certainly well-timed, so much so as to lead to a suspicion that it is a corollary of the previous action taken by Euroa. If the ridings are sub livided, the ghost of "severance" is presumably effectually laid, and the chance of distributing the incidence of burdensome taxation over a larger area is altogether lost to our friends. In the course of a few days, when the petitions which havebeenso obliginglypreparedare presented for signature, ratepayers will be enabled to give effect to their views on this important subject, and decide whether the action of the Shepparton Council is one of supererogation, or whether it is dictated in response to a well-defined but hitherto carefully-con cealed disaffection among a most impor tant portion of our own ratepayers. WE would again draw the attention of our readers to the important meetings convened by the president of the shire, to be held at the various centres, for the purpose of eliciting an expression of opinion as to the desirability or other wise of an increase in the Stock Tax. The remarks in our leading article last week as to the imminence of the danger now threatening the Victorian farmers are emphasized by the reports of the leading cattle salesmen, which appear in to- day's issue. Ye trust that. the meetings will be well attended and decided action taken, for there. is .no disguising the fact that in a district like ours, vhere the fattening of stock is one of the principal industries, - the flooding of the Melbourne market with cattle, raised in the othercolonies under co??ditions with' which we can never compete, will prove a seri sus blow nos alone to ourselves but ultimately to the wlhole colony. 'The postponed meeting on.the subject at Euroa will be held on Tuesday next at 2 p.m. in ,the,. Shire H all. . . . . . .. . Sevcral items of news are unavoidably lieid over iuntil next issue. O.ing to a new regulation just issued by the policedepartment, there were no con stables in .attendaice within the show yards on?i Wcdnesday. The nc'i rule 'pro zides thatirpromoters of spores,'shows, etc., requirusg the services'of the. police must pay for that privilege in the sum of one shilling per hour for.each constable, and 5s extra for. ch ' liorse.' ' The comniitteec declined' 'th undertake this expense.'and the police did: not enter the yards. Senior-coustable Orr, however, stationed a posse of mein outside, in order to be. ready, for emergcencies; but, fortunately their services were not re(juired, the crowd being a most orderly one.. -1Thoe heavy rain which fell on .Saturday night and Suiiday mnrnizig, caused ohe of the largest floods to make its appearance in Violet Town, and. as usual, flooded' all the yards iii the' place. Matters became so bad that:it was. impossible for.people to get a stick of wood to light their fires. One gentleman' kindly yoked up his horse. Siida?'iutd all as it was. carted a load of blocks frhmi the ivood mill,-asnd supplied thu perishiung faini!ies 1 aloa;g , Cowslip-st. We 'cannit .uiderstand" why: it-is'. the council does not sisako : thlirough inspee tioi concenling thlise- flood waters, .and haive thliem stopped fromi flooding,. the tiownri. The prsumption is that if soeie thing is not done before next winter.. the town will be swept awept away, to -the everlastiiig "disgace of our load lautho rities. Word was brought into Euron lato yes terday afternoon that. a serious accident had happened. to Mr Thomeas Lewis,: of Mliepull, caused- by the bolting 'iofEhis' horse. The doccor had not returned when we went to nress, aind we are unable to, give particulars of the occurrence. A public meeting was held at the Caniambo State schoole on September: 30th, to discuss the stock tax. Mr Jiiames Thorne presided at the meeting, and .Mr W\m. Grattan acted as hlin. see. After thoroughly discussing the question;.the followviug resolution was moved by Mr Win. Grattan.and secoided by Mr Jas." Thoirfe,' that' protection -being the recognised policy of Victoria, this meeting considers is imperative to demand an increase of at least twenty-five % ad valorem duty on all sheep andi cttleimported into thsecolony. The motion: was carried, only one:person voting against it.. : . A very.serious charge .was laid-against a middle-aged man named Joseph Pascoe at tihe Violet Town Police Coourt on Saturday, before Mr Crocker, J.P. -The' sworn infor mation is to'thd effect that the accused in March'lust forcibly and carnally abused Mary'Field. aged '19 years, the daughter of hiieighboring selector. The evidence was iit?g?ine ninito,the c'ae' being remanded till Friday (to-day)..The aceused,who is a married uiisli, is alleged to ha e nmet the prosecutrix iie~?iflir fahther's house on the 4th and 16th of Mrrch'lit,. un both of which occasions he unlawfully took advantage of her, but the girl did not report the circumstance until she Hwas discovered to be enciente, when a warrant was at once issued. The prisoner was allowed bail in his owun recognisance of £100 and one surety-for a like amount. Many of our readers will hear with regret oft the dlecease of Mr William Webster, formerly of the Colonial lBak, Euroa. After leaving his district, where hie was a popular favorite, ±lr Webster went to Western Aus tralia, where he resided to the time of his death, which took place last week, the cause being typhoid fever. The Violet Town Mutual Improvement Association held its usual fortnighltly meet ing on Tuesday evening last in the local Mechanics' Institute. There was afair attend anee of members and the public. MerI. Wallace, J.P., and Mr H. Linard, J.P.. were elected members of the society. Mir Nicklin and Mr Wright were nominated to fill the vacancies ou the committee caused by the resignation of Messr? A. Godden and E. Thomas. The subject for the evening being elocution, the following programme was rendered:--Mr Griffiths, reading, "Norman Baron;" Mr Godden, recitation, "The tinker and the miller's daughter ;" Mr I. M'Dcnald,. recitation, '" The bridge keeper's story;" Mr J. Grogan, reading, "Gollen rule marri-age;" Mr F. M'Donald, recitation, " Dream of Eugene Aram"; Mr S. Fenton, Shaksperian display; Mr Griffiths, reading at sight, "An orator's first speech in Parlia mient "; Mr Nicklin, reading at sight, "A splendid slilling." Subject for next meet Ihe two days' show held under the anspices of the Benalla Agricultural- Society came to a termination on Friday evening last, after a most favorable season. The weather, although somewhat warm was thoroughly suitable for the business 'of the exhibition, anlnd the attendance on on each day was very good. Nearly 4000 persons were present on Friday, when about £100 was taken at the gates, and this, in addition to the members' and complimentary tickets issued brought the number up to that above stated. The second day's proceedings were confined to the trial of sheep-dogs and the adjudication of the draught, blood stock, and hackney class,-and the hunters and high jumpa' trials. The usual side-shows and other amusements were to be noticed on the ground, and did an abnormal amount of business. A balance sheet has not as yet been prepared, but it is confidently expected that the society has been financially successful. The total amount taken at the gates for both days reached £149. . . We direct attention to the advertise ment in another: column of the general meeting of the' Euroa Cricket Club. It is desirable that members should muster strongly at the annual meeting and dis play some interest in the election of their officers and the arrangements for the sea- I son. The average published to-day shows that the club possesses considerable talent, and if members rouse up and show some enthusiasm they should carry all before them. Another matter to be considered to-morrow night is the offer of the Mel bourne Cricket Club to arrange a match for the all England Eleven on the Euroa ground. A meeting to wind up affairs in connection with the Castle Creek Football Club was held at Mr Daniher's residence last Thursday evening. There were 21 members present, and Mr D. Egan occupied the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The hen. see., Mr Michael Brenock, presented the balance-sheet for past season, showing that the club succeeded in obtaining 41 members' subscriptions which amounted to £4 is 6d. The expendi ture during the season was £3 4s 4d, thus leaving a credit balance of 17s 2d. The club has won 6 matches, 1 draw, besides Euroa Football Club granting them a win, the former team failing to appear at the ground on the date arranged for the match. On the whole the club has passed a very successful season, having been only in exis tance two years, and have closed the season with the creditable record of kicking 19 goals, and only 3 goals kicked against them. The thanks of the club are due to Mr Stewart for his genorosityj in giving per mission to practice in his bMolka paddock. After some other business of a routine character, and a vote of thanks to Mr Daniher for the use of . his residence, and to the chairman, the meeting terminated. Miss Lucy Fenton, of Violet Town..was awarded 2nd prize for fancy work- at the Numurkah show lastweek . Intending competitors for the written compositions at the Euroa M.I.A's. annual cempetition should note that entries close on the 15th of this month. The following are the names of the cricketing team to represent Euroa in a match at Violet Town against the juniors of that place on Saturday (to- morrow) : H. Sinclair, C. Williams, F. Wilson, J. A. Wilson, W. Robertson, F. Garrett, W. Gar rett, W. Harris, J. Gleeson, W. Kinnear, T. Jobling ; emergencies, G. Clay, Arch Weir, and H. Footit. A mounted rifle competition will, be held at the Euroa butts on:Wednesday afternoon,, and a club match on Friday and Saturday:, IMajor Snee made a general issartioa of the Violet Town cadet corps last week. Only a smnll . number mustered through insufficient notice being-given. However, he expressed himself highly pleased with the progress of the corps since his last visit. iA concert in celebration of the anniver sary Juvenile Tent I.O.R., will be held on Wednesday evening next in the Temper ance Hall, Euroa. iThe rainfall registered at' Violet Town :for the month of September is 2 inches 28 points, suaking a total rainfall for the year of 27 inches 44 points. , IThe petition of the people of Katandra on .the qiestion'offsaveia?ce;fifoi the, Shirc of Yarratioi~at 'v.is publishcd in the " Gazette " on the 20th ult. The petitioners state that they are only twelve miles from Sheppxrton, whereas it is thirty miles(ti:Tungnailh, the nearest township, of any importance in the Yarrawonga Shire: that their commercial interests are wholly indentified with Shep pirton ; that the shire of Yirrawonga pro pose constructing a tramway irom Katandra to'Dookic, to which they are opposed, but are not numerically sullicielt.to prevent. ", The follow?ving story is going tile rounds as to a .New Zealand bush wedding; at which the biide, in u sudden and trying exigency, displayed singular presence of mindl and tenacity of purpose :-" The church in which the wedding took place wvas 'ivooden sad aged and rickety, and when the lavely bride accompanied by her counlumm:te elan entered the building, is shook beneath tLcem. Things went on smoothly enough, however,until the clergyman iiiqnired;' l)o yout take this nlim -?' and then, before he could filish thie sen tence, the floor opened and the whole happy squad wentl down together into the collars. The bride led., theway hieadl foremos?_ with :tlie.baptisnla.?.imont- tb-'?leiii rlc?a spc pectat tor's baby.:loeie-behiid;'auid;after them came' tile bridegroomn with the bulk of the wehdding panrty oil top of him, his eollatr burst, his hat flying loose, and a black eye. The parson, however, remiined above, eliring to t the pulpit rail, and the last thing lie heard was the voice of the bride calling out 'I will' as she was half-way down. She was under the impression that the bridegroom was beneath her, and as he was a wvi thy Inai she lhad rdnolved with great presence of mind to get through the service, andi get a claim on the 