THE FLOWER SHOW. The Gundagai Flower Show, which opened on Wednesday last and which we reported in our last issue, was continued on Friday. Notwithstanding the weeding the stalls got on the first two days, they were replenished and looked as fresh and bright on Friday as on the previous days, and tho occasional showers having cooled the air a little, those who spcut tho evening at the show had a much moro agreeable atmosphere to move about in. Tho refreshment tables wero abundantly supplied with fruit and light comestbiles and were liberally patronised. On the stalls wo noticed some new exhibits and fresh floral decorations. 'No. 1 round the corner' had all kinds of tempting refreshments, and Mrs. Chidgoy and Miss Woodbridgo wero indefatigable in their exer tions to supply tho wants of their numerous patrons. Mrs. Edwards and Mrs. Allman's stall had some lovely baskets of roses of various hues ; also baskets of different kinds of flowers, and a huge floral design, in tho shape of a horseshoe, covered with velvet, mountain moss and actmotus or flannel flower. Miss Fry and Miss Edith Marshall displayed two beautiful vases of flowers, one of them being a col lection of German stocks, grown by Miss Bauer; a large bunch of pretty native roses ;~some flannel flowers ; flower baskots and brackets constructed of brown papor lined with crimson satin, mr.de by Miss Jessio Fry ; several baskets of varied flowers ; crazywork chair back, etc. Mrs. Robinson and Mrs. Benson exhibited somo elegant ballroom bouquets, floral wreaths, baskets and vases of different kinds of flowers. Also a lot of fancy work both usoful, ornamental and cheap. The 'Christmas Tree' was replenished with lots of toys for girls and boys, and for an hour or moro Mrs. Matthews had a lively timo of it in trying to please tho juvenile taste. Miss Alice Fry and Miss Dora Lorentzen re. minded us of ' Lovo among tho roses,' for their floral stall was one mass of elegant flowers made up into seductivo little button-holes. Hanging from the top of this stall was an elegant wreath of roses, and on either side were tho words ' Good Luck ' in yellow everlastings. On ' No. 7 round the corner' was alargecentre* piece filled with gigantic roses, brought by Mr. Robert Owen from his roseary at Darbalara. Some of these roses measured 15 inches in circum* fcrcnco, and were of oxquisite fragrance. Somo huge tree forns, kindly sent by R. R. Timmis, Esq., J.P., of Reedy Flat, were so withered on their arrival that they presented a some what unattractive feature in the last day's show, but the pruning knifo of an expert was brought into requisition, and we were left to imagine to what great size these ferns will attain. Thov will show for themselves next year; ;?, - We referred hi our last issue to tho kindly act of Messrs. David Jones and Co. in lending about £20 V, worth of flags and banncrots, and we now acknow- ; ledge the liberality of Messrs. Thompson and Giles, David Joues and Co. and Anthony Hordern and Sons, in sonding gratuitously a largo quantity of , ornaments, flower baskets and little nic-nacs, which go to make up a pretty display in an exhi bition of this kind. To diversify the proceedings on this occasion somo Tableaux Vivauts were actod on tho stage, i and moritcd much approbation. Thoy were no sooner thought of than thoy were carried into effect by Messrs. C. M. Benson, Allman, Dr. Thompson and others, and being quito impromptu there was no timo for appropriate making up. The pictures represented the Quarrel scone in the Rivals, tho Ghost scene in Hamlot, and the Witches sceno in Macbeth. Bcforo closing, the Rev. Mr. Edwards publicly thanked the lady stall-holdors and their assistants aud, in fact, all who had contributed to mako this tflower Show the splendid success it was. ' Ho then announced that Mrs. Robinson's prizes for tho best collection of Wild Flowers had beon awarded to Maggio Brown (Bongongolong) and Frank' Chidgey. Tlio certificates of merit were handsomely printed cards, and wero awarded to Mrs. Pyko for cut flowers, Mrs. Edwards for fuchsias, Miss Lorentzen ? for roses, Miss Robinson for ballroom Ixiuquots, and Miss Bauer for pot plants. It is gratifying to hear, from tho hon. treasurer that the net proceeds of | this show will bo about £90, but had it' not been I for the many loans and' gratuitous helprof friends. I thus conserving the funds, thev profits 'could not I have been so satisfactory. . ^ 