WE THREE. By J.M.B. CHAPTER X. It would be indeed a most invidious task to follow the daily progress of these pilgrims step by step. There were no roads and very few bridges. What had been bush tracks were now either rivers of liquid mud, or impassable ruts, so that each man did " what seemed good in his own eyes." Consequently, the vehicles heading towards Bendigo were spread over an area ten miles wide each looking for a better track than his neighbour. Many a broken-down dray and hopelessly bogged bullock-waggon, many a gallant horse and sturdy bullock gave up the ghost, broken-hearted by the toils on the way. The worst feature of it was that when the beasts of burden failed or died, it was next to impossible to get any other drayman to take the load on, as everyone had as much loading as his beasts could stagger under, for the carriage to Bendigo, was at that time one hundred and twenty pounds per ton. If there had been a generation of rag-men about at that period, they would have reaped a grand harvest, as most men who started to walk to the diggings commenced with loads that would have broken the spirits of camels. But gradually as they went they threw away extra clothing, boots, rugs, greatcoats, books and tools until the sides of the tracks were littered with the spoils, even tents and blankets being left behind in some cases. It was rather amusing to see how the animals were made double use of. Here trudged a man with a heavy swag, and by his side trotted a pair of large dogs, each with a huge collar and saddle of blankets or clothing strapped round it, and a billy hung under its neck, the man carrying the frying pan, picks and shovels in addition to the rest of his load. By-and-by, the Bush Inn, now Gisborne, was reached, the treacherous creek forded and the steep hill negotiated, and the gloomy Black Forest, with its apparently interminable vistas of tall ironbark frowned upon them, and spread their dripping branches over every track, while at intervals Mount Macedon could be seen, half enveloped in clouds. It was indeed a glorious sight, the majestic grandeur of the primeval forest, whose glades stretched away in the distance like the aisles of some grand cathedral, but while the rain kept dripping as it did, the enthusiasm of the party could not reach a very high standard. However, there was really good sport to be had with parrots of the brightest hues, and cockatoos with the most discordant voices, that were good in stews for all that. Kangaroo and wallaby were also plentiful, and often tempted some of the party to stray from the drays, as they toiled up hills of astounding steepness, down siding gullies, plunged through muddy morasses, and fording steep-banked creeks as they struggled and straggled on. And thereby hangs a tale. Four of the party were about half-a-mile in advance of the drays, when a solitary horseman rode out of the bush in front of them on the track. His looks were not prepossessing, he wore a rough blanket over his shoulders, from under which a rifle peeped out, a slouch hat pulled down over his eyes, and a couple of revolvers displayed in his belt, made the party think discretion the better part of valour and decide to beat a retreat to the drays, where most of the guns and ammunition were. But when they looked back, behold ! Another horseman was on their track and to right and left were others the very image of the first, and all ominously near and surrounding the party. It was evident they were trapped. The bushrangers drew nearer and closed in around the little band, producing their revolvers as they came on slowly as if sure of their prey. The unarmed quartette drew close together, and made as brave a face as they could, expecting every moment to hear the cry " Bail up," and to be covered by a pistol apiece. The dray was coming along too slowly for assistance to be expected, but other help was at hand, little dreamed of by assailants or assailed. Over the rest of a small hill came the gleaming shining helmet, drawn sword, and red shirt of the officer commanding the mounted escort, the advance guard of the corps in charge of the gold from the diggings. In an instant he had grasped the situation, and firing off his short carbine, he gave the call " Close in, danger ahead." On the hilltop more helmets and red coats appeared in a close phalanx round a small waggon, drawn by four horses with outriders, but the disappointed bushrangers did not wait for the escort, but dashed into the scrub on either side, and were galloping away at headlong speed to their woodland retreats. The officer rode up and gave a caution against straying or going unarmed in such a wild district, promising to send a few troopers from Gisborne, and the cavalcade swept on with sabres flashing and clanking as they went. After this the travellers kept well together muskets loaded and shouldered, and revolvers ready for another attack. Encamped in the Black Forest, in a deep gully with a small stream trickling down amidst a wilderness of ferns and a thousand rare and beautiful plants that would delight staff of some grand conservatory in England, but are called weeds here. The rain had ceased and the evening glories of the sky tinged the crown of the grand old mountain and were reflected into the valley. They used to say that Australian birds were songless, but they who perpetrated that slander, have never camped out in a forest or had ears to hear, for as the hush of the evening drew near, and the noisy screams of the parrots and cockatoos subsided in the high trees, a fresh concert arose all around. There is the little twitter from some small bird like a wren that flits to and fro, the bats and flying squirrels now join the chorus with the oppossum's unearthly call. In the distance, someone is chopping a tree and the sounds are echoed for miles under the canopy of branches that seems to roof in the scene, but that sound ceases, and the tree frog, with its bell-like tones, has woken up the nocturnal singers. The mopoke sends forth its solemn notes, and is answered by a wail from the bittern, and a host of other subdued and plaintive voices now join in. Blending with the animal chorus during every watch, until the first streak of light in the eastern sky wakes up a new host of choristers to welcome the dawn with songs, strange, wonderful, yet sweet smells arrive as every herb and tree seems to pour out its balsamic odour to greet the new-born day. Let the sight-seeing wearied crowds of Europe pass a week in an Australian forest, and they will no more write that our birds are songless or our flowers without perfume. Facts are stronger than prejudice, but they must be seen and felt to be acknowledged. To Be Continued. 