CHAPTER XLVl.-HOW IT ENDED Baffled ia hil attempt at self-destruction by the courage and determination of Ellen Bal- four, Rosaitnr sank to tbe ground in a hali unconscious state. The violence ? of the paroxysm had passed, the terrible pressure on the brain being probably relieved by the flow of blood from his throat. It waa not a serious cut, for the poor fellow's hand was nerveless, although when Ellen grappled with him for the knife, he rallied all bis remaining Btrength to resist her. The guests, men for the most part, who were waiting in the porch for carriages to come up, heard the cries for help ; and before the frightened girl imagined that succour could reach her, half-a-dozen gentlemen were in the loft. They found her leaning ex- hausted against the or^an ; her face deadly white ; while blood from ber fingers, cut in the struggle for the knife, streamed over her dress. She had shut her eyes that she might not see Rossitur's agonised and ghastly face ; but she could not cloBe her ears to the moans that now and then broke from him. It was evident that he was suffering intensly. The doctor, quickly summoned, dressed the wound, which he declared was superficial, and not at all likely to prove dangerous, but he said that the poor young fellow was in the first stage of acute brain fever, and would re- quire the greatest possible care if his life was to be saved, Elleu and his sister both testified to his late suffering from sleeplessness, and the former added that his speech and bearing throughout tho time she was with bim in the organ loft that morning showed that his mind was unhinged. It was useless to declare now that he ought to have been kept away from the church ; and, indeed, all needless regrets upon the subject were merged in the urgent question of the moment : how to get him home os quietly and with as little delay as possible. lt was done at last with iufinite difficulty, and as the speeches of congratulation were being made at the wedding breakfast, and the bride sat behind her husband with her eyes demurely cast down as she listened to her own praises being sung, and to the reiteration of M il bunko's good fortune in having secured such a charming wife, poor Rossitur lay toss- ing on his bed with delirium coming on, and the fever increasing in intensity every moment. The news of his sudden collapse, and the tragedy that had all but taken place in the ohurch, spread like wildfire through the village, and was of course exaggerated by every tongue that repeated the story. The kuife covered with blood, so one declared, had fallen on the bride's white gown, and left a ureat stain. She screamed at the ill-omened , sight, and all but fainted in the bridegroom's aruiB. Another version, believed by many, was that the organist had fired a shot at the bridal party while the ceremony was pro- ceeding, and that Lord Warlcigh, the best man, would have been killed if he bad not bent his head just in time to avoid the bullet. And a second ehot would have followed the first if Ellen Balfour bad not wrenobed the pistol away. Everyone said that everyone knew some- thing dreadful would happen before long, diaries RosBitur had looked so unlike him- self ; sud what had happened was a warning to young mea not to fall in love with youog women who were above them ia station. Was it 'likely that the Earl's only daughter would stoop to Farmer Rossitur's son ? Tho guests who had waited to assist in the .removal of the unfortunate young man to his home, brought the news to the Park ; but as it waa such a horrible story for the bride to bear On her wedding day, everything possible was done to keep it from Lady judith's ears That something very unusual had taken place was, however, So patent to everyone that the bride's curiosity was aroused, and getting hold of her younger brother she made bim tell her everything. And he did so in the matter off act, and unconcerned manner peculiar toa lad of about seventeen. " Something happened after you left, you say I By jove) I should think so, rather 1 That good-looking ohap who plays the organ tried to stab himself, or something, and he would have killed himself outright but for some plucky girl wbo was in the lott with him ; she sang out for help, and seized the knife and got it from him, and flung it out into the body of the church. I believe it bit old mulberry, the pew opener, on the top of his bald head, and cracked it like a nut. I'm not joking 1 By jove Judy, yon do look White ! Have some fizz or something f Issy won't the mater pitch into me for telling you 1 They wanted to keep it dark for fear you might think it unlucky 1" "Oh, never mind! I am all right," said Lady Judith. " But I wish it had not hap- pened on my wedding day. And they took bim borne, yon say?" " Yes ; and the doctor says he is in for brain fever, poor obap. He was off his head, you know." The bride was silent for a few minutes, and busy with the buttons of ber glove. " Do you know who the girl was?" she said at last. " No ; not I. Never thonght of asking. She is a plucky one, and no mistake !" No more was said, and when the happy pair had started, Lord and Lady Stillingfort cohgratulated themselves that Judith knew nothing of the catastrophe that marred the splendour of her wedding day. Aud during thc weeks that she was en- joying a luxurious honeymoon with every wish, small or great, anticipating by her enamoured husband, and money at her com- mand to gratify every whim, RoB^itur was lying between life and death at Stillingfort. Those ouly who watched him night and day, and heard his incessant ravings, sud his wild appeals for help to reBÏBt some unknown temptation, (which was either the delusion of a fevered brain, or one to which he hod at some time been exposed) knew a tithe of his Buffering. Many and many a time did Alice and Ellen, who shared the nursing between them, wish that death would put an end to his trial and theirs. It was so pitiful to see the strong young fellow lying there day after day, either raving in wild delirium, or with his mind wandering, and hie speech the babble of a child. Ile recognised no one, and the only thing that sometimes seemed to Boothe.him was music. Ellen used to play a familiar air softly on the piano that stood at the far end of the room in which be lay ; but too often he took no notice whatsoever, or tried to drown the sound with his voice. i The days were growing short, and the trees, those «fient witnesses of secret meetings be- tween the false woman and her too credulous lover, were bare, and the late flower« in the farm garden were black and Bear with early frosts, when Uossitnr was at last pronounced ont of danger, the change for the better came, as it so often does, in a long eleep, and the two women who loved him watched eagerly for his awakening. And when it came, be waa once more in bia right mind ; the storm of passion and despair that bad beaten him down, and all but taken his life, was over, and he felt and spoke like a new man. As he grew stronger and better day by day he strove to recall his last hoar of consciousness; bat his memory was treacherous, and failed bim utterly when he tried to remember what had happened before be awoke and found himself lying on his bed in his own familiar room and so weak in body shat he could scarcely lift bis hand to his bead. When they told bim it was six weeks since be was taken ill be could scarcely be made, to believe it, and it was only by very slow de- grees that he was able to piece together scenes and events that, when he first began to recall | them, seemed more like vague dreams than actual occurrence«. As soon as be was out of danger Ellen Balfour gave up her «bare of the watching, and nursing, and went back to her work at the school, she could not bring her- self to wait for his recognition, for it would indeed be hard to bear should she see bim turn from her now ; and «be was, besides, honestly afraid lest the mere sight of her might recall thc awful scene in the church too suddenly to his recollection, and cause a re- lapse ; so, as soon as he began to address those about him by name, she never went into bis room although she went to the Farm j every day to inquire for him. ' If he remembered anything of the struggle between himself and her for the knife, ne never spoke of it ; but bis sister noticed that be used to watch the door incessantly, as if expecting someone to appear who never came. When he was able to be up and about again it was nearly Christmas, and the very first day he was able to walk as far be went straight to the school-house and surprised Elle« by walking into her room as she sat lone in the gloaming. " Do you take me for a very tall, thin ghost !" be said, as he went forward into the circle of the bright fire-light, " I am afraid you do, you look so sacred 1 You would not come to see me, so I am obliged to come and see you ; but I think you are rather unkind to neglect your handiwork as soon as it is tolerably well patched up and on its legs again !" "My handiwork !" was all she could stam- mer in reply ; emotion was choking her, and to bide her confusion she got up and made him take her chair by the fire. She stood on the hearth with her eyes fixed on the logs that were burning so brightly and cheerily with vivid blue and yellow flames ; bis eyes were fixed on her pale pure face. "Ellen," be said at last, and stretching out his poor thin bands he took one of hers between them, " I want to thank you, my brave, true-hearted little friend, for having saved my life. It has taken inc a very long time to remember what happened on Lady Judith's wedding day, but 1 have got it all plain and clear now, and I owe it to you that I did not kill myself like a coward ! I cm but hope that this strong little hand," and he raised it to bis lips as he spoke, " haB given back to the world of workers a safer and more sensible man than the man who tried to play the organ that day 1 What do you say, Ellen ! You have not uiuoh hope of me, I am afraid, or you would speak," ho added as he drew her towards him by the hand he still held. "It is not that-I always had hope of you," she faltered. "It is because I am so glad to see you well again." " Yes ; well again. Well in mind, thank God. And it ia not only the madness of the fever that has passed-another, and a more pestilent fever has died out, and the wild desire and mad longing of the past two years have disappeared with it, and a desire that is better and uoblcr, and more fit for such a man as I am, has been born again ! Ellen, I am ashamed to remember that more than two years ago, in this very room, aud seated in this spot, I gave you to understand although I did not say so in words, that I cared for you, not as a brother or as a friend, but as a lover ; and yet, from that hour until this, no word of love for you has passed my lips. I need not tell you how I was drawn away from you, or by whom for you know all ; and in your heart per- haps you despise me for a poor weak fool ; but " Oh 1 no-no !" broke from her involun- tarily, and pulling her hand from bis detaining clasp she covered her agitated face and burst into convulsive sobs. In a moment he was by her side with his arm,round her. "Ellen-my dearest," he whispered, " Do not turn from me. I love you-you will always be to me tbe noblest, truest and sweetest woman upon earth ! If you ever cared for me, oh, care for me now when I so sorely need your love 1 Be my wife, and let us go away together out of this hateful place. Will you-will you come ?" "Iwill go with you to the end of this world I" she answered, ai she threw herself weeping upon his breast. (Tobe continued. ) 