NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Aboat 500 sheep hare recently died in the Dabbo district from w 01ms. TheT^irramatta Council have put on 36 of the unemployed at municipal work. Up to 1883 Sir John Fowler had been paid over £38,000 in fees by New South Wales. The Municipal Council of Grafton have de cided to build a Town Hall at a cost of £3000 A resident in the Western district has offered to employ 300 of the unemployed at a moderate rabbit has been caught four miles irom Bourke, on the protected side of the rabbit-proof fence. The los= of life in the recent pearling disaster iB>ow said to have been 250, and the missiag boats number 27. The revenue of the colony for the past month shows an increase ol £87,515, as compared with April last year. It is stated that the custom of granting free passes to railway employet and members of the family has been abused. It is reported that a wealthy syndicate in London has secured a rich gold property at Kilkirvan (Qaeensland). The Balmain Borough Council has been empowered to borrow £20,000, to be expended in permanent improvements. Mr. Abigail, in reply to a deputation, refused to withdraw Inspector Rowan's report declaring the Coalcliff Colliery dangerous. An insolvent in Sydney who persisted in prevaricating during his examination, was sent to Darlinghnrst Gaol for 10 days. In reply to an inteijectiou in the House from Dr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lyne said, "Now, will that little girl hold her tongue T' The Government have received a large number of applications to take over the tramways on lease for a term of years. The Bishop of Biverina will petition the Governor to reserve the Divorce Extension Bill for her Majesty's consideration. The Manly Council have put on some of the unemployed at 6s. a day, of which, it is believed, the Government will pay half. The dismissed railway surveyors are to be dealt with on the same scale of compensation as the dismissed Land Office employes. By the end of next month people will be able to travel overland to Newcastle, and it is expected that there will be a good deal of traffic. The Select Committee appointed to inquire into the working ot the Babbit Nuisance Act expect to complete their inquiries in a few days. Mr, Barns thinks we manufacture million gallons of beer annually in the colony, which would give a revenue of £225,000 per annum. Mr. P. J. Clarke, of Sydney, was present at the Oxford and Cambridge boat race, and was accorded a hearty reception as a lover of aquatics. Owing to second-class passengers being now allowed to travel by the Sydney express, the Bleeping cars will be attached in future at Goulburn. Students of the Sydney Technical College have again distinguished themselves in the annual competitions in science and art at South Kensington. Sir W. M. Manning has been re-elected chancellor of the University of Sydney. Sir F. M. Darlev has resigned his seat as a member of the senate. The Mayor of Sydney suggests that the City Council should expend £500 in entertaining 15,000 school children with their parents in Prince Alfred Park. Sir Henry Parkes will receive no more deputations from the unemployed. Some 250 men were sent to the National Park, pending farther arrangements. A young woman named Annie M'Grath, with a child in arms, arrived in Cootamundra the other day in destitution, having travelled by a Government free pass. Mr. Sutherland contemplates employing Bome of the unemployed in removing the seaweed along the Botany Bay shore and using it to manure Government land. It is rumored that the Government are wavering in their intention to abolish the duties on bacon and cheese, and may ask for only 2d. per gallon on colonial beer. Excursion trains will be run in South Australia during the holding of the Exhibition, and reduced railway rates will be in force from Sydney and Melbourne to Adelaide. Sir Henry Parkes has telegraphed to the Governments of the other colonies, inviting an expression of opinion as to the proposed alterations in the official title of her Majesty. The ex-Minister of Works asserts that the influence of the railway men was used against the Opposition in the late election, owing to misrepresentations of Mr. Schey, M.L. A. In addressing the colonial delegates, the Queeu spoke of the loralty and affection of her colonial subjects, developing along with the prosperity and success of the Empire. Last Friday the council of New South Wales RifU Association decided to hold the centennial meeting competition for prizes during the second week in February next. In stating that no indent for ironwork should go out of the colony over his signature, Mr. Sutherland added " without colonial manufacturers having had a fair chance to tender." Tne R-Y. Geo. Sutherland, at St George's Presbyterian Church, Sydney, last Sunday evening, attributed the present depression to tbe ungodliness ot the people of New South Wales. Sir Henry and Lady Loch left Sydney by the Barcoo for Brisbane. Lord Deerhnrst was also a passenger, but his travelling in the same steamer as Sir Henry was merely a coincidence. The number of failures in New South Wales reported to the New South Wales Trade Protective Institute for the month ending April 30 was 134, with liabilities amounting to £161,425. Clayton and his wife, servants of the late Edward Hawkins, who was murdered at Tieryboo Station (Q ), were arraigned, when Ciayton was committed, and his wife discharged. As soon as the Government have matured some pressing measures of legal reform, a royal commission will be appointed to inquire into the question of reform in Supreme Court practice. Mr. Wearne, whose flour mill at Wallendbeen, Cootamundra, was burned down, said at the inquiry that he considered himself liable for the Joss of the wheat stored in the mill by the farmers. The annual meeting ot the Royal Society, held last week, showed it to be in a healthy condition, numerically and financially. Mr. C. S. Wilkinson was elected president for tbe ensuing year. As soon as tbe line is opened to the head of Mullet Creek, there will be direct communication between Sydney and Newcastle by rail with tbe exception of the break over the Hawkesbury. The post and telegraph employes at headquarters are very anxious for an independent inquiry to be held into its working, especially as regards the proposed reductions and new appointments. The Walgett police gaol contains six cells* It is proposed to transfer therefrom all prisoners under sentences exceeding 12 months, and it is not intended to convert this gaol into a common lock-np. The Brisbane City Council decided that no steps be taken to collect subscriptions for tbe Imperial Institute, and also that no special grant be made to the Mayor towards the Jubilee celebration. Sir F. Dillon Bell's motion at the Imperial Conference for an extension to Australia of the same right to conclude treaties with foreign powers as has been granted to Canada, did not meet with approval. The Glen Innes Municipal Council has been successful in negotiating the loan for their new Town Hall. The amount of the loan is £3000, with a currency of 10 years at per cent per annum interest. Mr. H. Clarke said last week, apropos of smuggling spirits across the border, " that where there was a duty of 2§. per gallon to be gained, smuggling would be carried out to a very considerable extent." Judge Cooper naively intimated at Townsvi'le that if he paid his expenses out of bis own pocket he might have to sue the Government, and although he got a verdict it might cost more than it was worth. The Mayor thinks Sydney, the oldest corporation in tbe colony, should celebrate her Majesty's jubilee in a fitting manner, and he is determined to uphold his position 11 if it should cost him his last shilling." The charge against Mr. H. G. Price, for illegally holding the office of Mayor at Wentworth, was heard on Friday, and was dismissed, with costs, owing to a technical objection raised by the defendaut. The second washing-up from a three weeks' crushing ot the Great Eastern claim, at Gyinpie, yielded 1355cz. of retorted gold. The Lubra Goldmining Company, of Charters Towers, has struck a splendid reef of gold 5 ft. wide. Mr. Sutherland informed a deputation of ironfounders that he had not approved of tbe suggestion that locomotives should be manufactured at tbe Eveleigh workshops, but that portions of the machinery should he rented out to tenderers. The boy John Hughes, for conspicuous bravery in rescuing another lad from drowning, has been presented by the Mayor of Sydney with a purse containing £26 34. His conduct will be brought under the notice of the Humane Society. Christopher Pickford, a navvy, who was recently sentenced to death in Charters Towers for the mnrder of another navvy at Ravenswood Junction, has confessed to the deed. He says he killed his victim by a blow on the skull with a crow-bar. Arrangements are being made by the Bathuret Volunteers for three days rifle matches, to be held there shortly. A good sum of money has been already collected towards the object, and the project is being well supported generally. Tbe frequent freshets which have occurred lately on the north coast rivers have done further injury to the oyster beds in the Ballina district, killing large quantities. This will make oysters scarce for some seasons, unless the spawning is very good. The Government will shortly have under consideration the question of the establishment of suitable abattoirs for the city of Sydney, in place of the present structures at Glebe Island, which are regarded as unsatisfactory, objectionable, and pestilential. In the Equity Court on Friday, in tbe en* of Captain Rossi v. the Hon. Jas. ChiBholra, A. F. Gibson, and A. M. Belts, for £4200, m dispute in connection with the trusteeship of St. Saviour's, Goulburn, the mile nut was made absolute, with costs of fees. A petition was recently presented to the Govefnor-in-Council, Qaeensland, praying for the release of Captain Sorensen, of the notorious schooner Duora or Albert, who is undergoing punishment for assault on the high Beas. The Executive declined to grant the prayer. A petition is going round Moama, and is being numerously signed by the propertyholders there, praying the Sydney Government to extend the railway line from Deniliuin to Jerilderie, a distance of some 60 miles, jfae country between the two towns is quite level, and the cost would not be great. Mr. G. A. Lloyd, M.LC., who represented Newcastle for a long period up to the last election, is to be presented with a service of silver plate in a few days, as a kindly memento from the electors of that city. The contributions were limited to a shilling each, in order to make this a working-men's testimonial. A young lad named Cody most miraculously escaped death while going into Braidwood with a load ot wood. While crossing the bridge, the boy, by some unaccountable means, was thrown between the wheels of the vehicle. He was extricated in a few moments, and strange to say, it was found that the only injury he had sustained was a broken nose. Aylward and Slater, the absconding clerks from the office of Mr. Gannon, solicitor, of Goulburn, were captured near Binda, Sergeant Maguire, of Crookwell, having followed up their track all night. It is believed they took £600. When arrested, £204 was found upon Aylward. The prisoners were brought np at Goulburn on Saturday, and remanded till Thursday (yesterday). It is understood that the Government de* cided not to extend the time of tbe labors t)f the Royal Commission on the conservation of water, which expire on the 10th inBt. All communications with regard to recommendations of the New South Wales, Victorian, or South Australian Commissioners will have to be made through the Governments of the respective colonics. We learn that the section of the Great Northern Railway from Gosford to Waratah will be ready for opening within a week or two. It is the wish of the Minister of Works that the line should be opened to Mullet Creek as soon as possible, so that through traffic might be established with the great centres of the north. As soon as the work in the long tunnel is completed this may be effected. A report has been received from Sydney to the effect that the Government intend to start the construction of certain lines of railway, including that from Cobar to Nyngan, and general satisfaction is expressed thereat. This step would relieve this district from the anxiety of finding work for a large number of unemployed who are walking the district in search of work, but are unable to find any. A man named Green, representing himself to be an agent for a dry-earth closet system, who has been victimising the publicans and tradespeople in the southern districts was charged at the Cootamundra police court with assing a valueless cheque to Tom Cross of the Loyal Hotel, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Prisoner has already undergone a sentence for a similar offence at Moss Vale. Captain Waldemar, of the ship Glen Esk, which arrived at Sydney on Friday, reported that on the night of March 28, when about the equator, he sighted a ship on fire. The vessel was apparently a wooden ship, about 1500 tons. It was one mass of flames, and sank after burning about eight hours. Captain Waldemar stood by till daylight, and found nine other boats In the vicinity. Two had boats out apparently picking up something. E. B. Holt, ex- manager of the Bank of New Zealand, arrived at Darlinghnrst Gaol last week, from Goulburn. He has been sent down in accordance with the statement recently made in the House, for tbe purpose of being examined by a board of doctors. Holt looks thoroughly ill, and is much thinner than when he was in D irlinghurst before, and has so greatly altered as to be hardly recognisable. He will be placed under observation pending the board's decision. The trustees of the Bourke commons have decided to give their herdsman a month's notice on account of the Government not having gazetted the scale of fees to be charged for grazing rights on the commons. Through this omission the trustees are unable to derive any revenue from the commons. They owe the municipal council nearly £200 already, and the ratepayers are bucking at the rates being used in this manner. A discovery of natural paint, consisting of some 15 shades of color, many of which are of very rich hue ; also a natural putty that will answer all purposes of putty made from whiting and oil, has been made within a few miles from Manly. The find is a very heavy deposit, and should prove a most valuable one to all who have an interest in it. The samples may be seen at Mr. W. Small's Minervachambers, 126, Pitt-street, Sydney, and are well worthy of inspection by prospectors end others interested in such new development Their Honors the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Innes have granted a rule nisi calling upon Alderman John Allan O. Neill, journalist and newspaper proprietor, of Queanbeyan, to show cause, under section 99 of the Municipalities Act 1867, why he Bhoold not he ousted from the position of alderman of the B-irongh Council of Qieanbeyan, on the grouud that he is an uncertificated insolvent The application was made by Mr. Wise, on behalf ot Alderman Nathan Moses Lazarus, builder and undertaker, of Queanbeyan. Edward Henry Clarke, the boardinghouBe keeper at tbe Taemas Bridge, and the man who reported he was Btnck up by two armed men, on Cavan Hill, on Saturday week, and robbed of over £230, which he was taking ont from the A.J.S. Bank to Mr. Smith, tbe manager of the Taemas Bridge works, was arrested by Detective Hoskins, of Sydney, and Constable Willis, of Yasa, and confined in the Yass lockup on the charge of larceny in connection with the robbery of the money which he reported was taken from him by two armed men. An extensive collection of preparations to illustrate the life-histoiy of the Phylloxera vastatrix and other enemies to the vine has just been received at the Sydney Technological Museum from the celebrated specialist on diseases of the vine, Dr. Blaahenhorn, of Carlsrtthe Germany. Several of them are large spirit specimens, and can be readily examineid with the naked eye. The rest, to the number of 61, are preparations for the microscope, and every facility for the study of them will be given to viticulturists and others ou application to the curator, Mr. J. H. Marden. A telegram from Tingha states that a shocking occurrence is reported from Kangaroo Camp, ten miles from there. From information to hand it appears that a wedding breakfast was being partaken of, to which some thirty persons sat down. A few hours alter several began to show symptoms of having been poisoned, and in a'short time over 20 were stricken down and writhing'In'agony. Dr. Enowles, from Inverell, was soon in attendance, and did all he could for the sufferers. No deaths are reported yet It is supposed that the tea which they drank had been tampered with. * The bill for the extension of the law relating to divorce was passed through committee in the Legislative Council, the only important amendment made being that preventing any persons divorced under this enactment from marrying for two years afterwards. Sir Alfred Stephen opposed the proposal, which was only carried on tbe casting vote of the Chairman (Mr. Piddington). Subsequently the representative of the Government moved the second reading of the bill for tbe appointment of a sixth judge of the Supreme Court. It passed the second reading without division and through committee without amendment. It is understood that Sir Henry Parkes has received from the Agent-General a cablegram inquiring whether he should send to the Government of thiB colony by wire the agreement which had been arrived at by the Imperial Conference with respect to the naval defences of the colonies. Sir Henry Parkes has replied and intimated that be woald prefer that the Agent-General should send the document on by post. The Premier, it is stated, added that he preferred having the document before him in writing, so that there might be no possibility of mistake ; and that it would reach the Government here in sufficient time by the ordinary meanB of conveyance. The Government have decided to issue a proclamation appointing the 21st June—the anniversary of ner Majesty's accession to the throne—a public holiday, to. be observed throughout New South Wales as the day for tbe celebration of her j ubilee. Arrangements will be made by the Government for fitting rejoicings in honor of the event, and it is understood there will be a military display and illuminations of the harbor. It is probable that on that day the Municipal Council of Sydney will entertain the school children at a picnic at Prince Alfred Park, and that tbe Town Hall will be illuminated in the evening. A trial of Colouel French's windmill canvas target was made last week at the Paddineton range. The armourer, Mr. Warrant-officer Furness, the range-keeper, Sergeant White, and a few other rifle shots fired a number of rounds at the target, special efforts being mide to cut the wooden frame. It was found that the system was rather slower than the present one, on account of the time occupied in pasting ou the patches, but on the other hand the disc-marking took less time, as no paintingout was necessary, A number of bullets struck the frame close together, but did no damage practically. Some fuitber experiments will have to be made before the merits of the system can be decided. Mr. C. B. Cairns, manager of the Bank of New South Wales, Parramatta, who has taken great interest in the export of fruit to England has received a letter from Mr. G. S. Yuill, manager for the Orient Company, in reference to the recent exportations by the Oroya. Mr. Yuill writes :—" On arrival at Adelaide two cases of oranges and apples in the cool-room were opened and examined and found to be in perfect order. Five cases of oranges shipped as cargo in the hold were also examined and found to be in good order, with the exception of one single orange, which waB soft" Mr. Homer, of Smithfield, intends making a large shipment by the next Orient boat, and a considerable number of fruit-growers in tbe County of Cumberland are preparing for future shipments. The rents due in respect of squatters' leases have lately come in well, and there is every prospect that the estimated return to the State derived from pastoral holdings—a sum of £1,000,000 sterling—will be fully realised. The revenue due last month amounted in the aggregate to a very considerable sum, and the whole of the payments were made. The next batch of payments are due in abont three weeks time, and these iuclude some very large items. Prompt payment of rents, however, can hardly be regarded as an indication of rosperity amongst the squatting community. Pt shows that, rather than allow the runs to be forfeited, the financial institutions which are the mainstay of the squatting industry will meet these dues as they arise, and thus keep their securities alive. In connection with the formation of a lighthorse troop in Wagga, the movement has taken substantial root already. The visit of Major- General Richardson to Wagga was made the occasion of an interview with that officer of a number of residents. After hearing remarks re the formation of the troop, the Major- General stated that the policy of retrenchment adopted by the Government would preclude any Government assistance beyond recognition at the present time. He advocated the formation of the troop, but stated the members would be required to obtain at their own expense the necessary arms and accoutrements. He suggested that they should submit a sample of undress uniform to the Government for approval, and they would be given every assistance. He would undertake they should be provided with proper instructors. In a case which was continued at the District Court, Sydney, before his Honor Judge Dowling, a statement of some public interest was aworn to by one of the witnesses, a city auctioneer. This declaration was, in substance, that it is a recognised practice amongst Sydney auctioneers to retain the right to sell at public auction, "without the slightest reserve," all goods which may have been placed in their hands, and upon which a cash advance may have been made by them. The witness in question maintained, under crossexamination, that even should the invoice value of an article, or of articles, amount to as much as £1000 sterling, the principle so far obtained, and was so generally recognised, that an auctioneer would be at liberty, under the circumstances, should be see fit, to knock the "line" down to the bidder of even a £5- note. The Government had recently under consideration the advisability of introducing into Parliament a series of closure resolutions, which will have the effect of preventing a repetition of the obstructive tactics lately employed to bring the legislation of the country to a standstill. Sir Henry Parkes and the other members of the Ministry are extremely reluctant to curtail liberty of speech, but the flagrant waste of time that has been lately witnessed, the argent necessity which exists for legislation in various directions, and the desirability of having the Parliamentary business reduced to something like order, are matters that have impressed themselves seriously on the minds of those entrusted with the administration of affairs, and they feel that no other course will be left open to them but the adoption of regulations similar to those passed in the Imperial Parliament. A large quantity of ensilage has been pitted at Kameruka (Bega district) recently, including natural grasses and maize and other crops grown for the purpose. A powerful chaffcutter, driven by Bteam power, has been in operation, and most of the stuff cut up before being siloed. This fodder will be found very valuable when the pits are opened in a few months' time, and will be greedily devoured by stock ; indeed a little variety in the way of food, must be beneficial in any season. For months past cattle have been surfeited with natural glass, which in most places haB grown rank and naturally unpalatable ; stock, in common with everything on the face of the earth, must grow tired of the same kind of food continuously, and perhaps there is no better or more tasty change than that which ensilage provides, or one which can so easily be produced. The Postmaster-General (Mr. C. J. Roberts) received from the Postmaster-General of Victoria a cable, asking him to co-operate with Victoria in an attempt to obtain a concession by which letters could be carried between England and Australia at a cost of 4d., instead as a present. Mr. Roberts sent a reply stating that he felt disposed to Jail in with the proposal, but he suggested to reduce the rate to 3d. It is proposed to save the 21. atpre- Bent charged for the conveyance of letters over the French and Italian railways by sending the letters all the way by water. This would of course delay delivery four or five days, bnt it is considered that the reduction of the postage would be regarded as a boon by many arsons, who would not object to the delay. ?he letters intended to be sent all the way by water would, of course have to be endorsed to that eflect There are very few conditional purchases now being taken up in the colony. Just before the passing of the new Land Act, it will be remembered, and for some little time afterwards, there was a tremendous rush for them, but the great effort then made secure selections seems to have exhausted the demand, which has been gradually decreasing, with occasional fluctuations, until it has become almost nil. So few are they now that the money obtained for them is more than swallowed up in expenses. As a matter of course, it is generally understood that the "plums" have been nearly all picked up, and since the division of runs has been made vast quantities of land are tied up in the hands of the squatten, bat still the areas available for purchase Me far from exhausted. They appear, how- ever, to receive very little attention from the agricultural community. After his return to London, at the first public meeting which he addressed Mr. Wm. Noble, the Gospel temperance advocate, who recently visited Australia, related that during his travels he waB summoned before a Drink Commission—no doubt that which has been sitting in Sydney for some months—and he says :—" The first question put to me by the president was this, ' What are your views on licences, Mr. Noble V I said, 1 have no views about it. I do not believe in 1 licences, and never have since I saw that drink was useless.' The president said, 'Don't you think there was a time in the history of the world when man discovered he was in need of a stimulant ?' I said,' I have read a little, but I cannot go farther back than Noah.' I think, in connection with that commission, it made a blunder in calling me as one of their witnesses." In the Kiama District Court, before Judge M'Farland, a case attracting much local interest. Miss Emma Fredericks sought to recover .£200 from James Spinks for slander. Plaintiff alleged that defendant had attributed to her the authorship of a certain disgusting letter. The contents of this communication were of such a nature that the letter could not be read out in court. The Judge, after a perusal of the document, expressed his opinion of it in very strong terms of condemnation. It appears that the letter imputed to defendant the most filthy practices. His Honor, in summing up, pointed out that the question to be decided was whether the evidence adducejd showed that plaintiff was the authoress of th s document. The jury retired to read the letter iu private and consider their verdict After having been locked up lor six hours it was found that they could not agree, and they were consequently discharged, the Judge having left for Milton. The court martial appointed to try tbecharges against Lieutenant Hesketb, of H.M. colonial gunboat Gayundah, concluded its labors at Brisbane on 6th iust., and found the first and second charges proved, viz. (1) conduct unbecoming an officer in obtaining cash for a cheque on the Q. N. Bank for £60, he knowing there were no funds to his credit at the bank, and the cheque being dishonored, and (2) an act prejudicial to good order and naval discipline, the borrowing of £10 from an able seaman. The fourth charge was found to be partly proved, viz., conduct unbecoming an officer in giving an order on the paymaster for the whole of his pay due at the end of February 1887, though he had previouslv given an order dated February 2, 1867, for £16 out of the said pay. The court martial, therefore recommended Hesketh for dismissal. It is understood that steps are to be at once taken to lay the question of the jurisdiction of the court before the proper authorities. The Family Physician recently gave its readers some advice as to how to discern good tinned fish from bad :—'" Purchasers of tinned fish," it sayB, " would do well to note the condition of the tin. If bulged outwards, our advice is not to accept it even as a gift. We will explain the process of canning so as to give weight to our warning. The fish are packed in the tins whilst raw, then sealed and cooked in an outer vessel of boiling water, with sometimes the addition of a chemical to raise the temperature. When cooked I the tin is picrccd, and as soon as the steam and air have been expelled it is soldered. Experts know exactly when it is ready for soldering. A moment too soon and the mischief is done, because if air be left in, the tin bulges out, and the fish will not be good. On the contrary, however, if the tin has sunk, it is an infallible sign of goodness, for it proves a vacuum which is natural, and the fish shrink when no air whatever is left in the tin." A ghost has been terrifying loving couples at night in the romantic reserve by the sea at Newcastle. The apparition became visible to two lovers the other evening in the pale moonlight, and the uncanny thing bounded towards them with great leaps, in kangaroo fashion. It had the semblance of a man, covered with a ghostly winding sheet, according to correct supernatural costume. The young swain thought his last hour had come. His inamorata hesitated whether to scream or faint. Before she quite decided, a group of young men appeared on the scene, and taking a practical view of the situation they gave chase to the ghost, which turned tail, if ghosla have tails, and continued the puisuit till the sceptre vanished like a guilty thing. It either vanished or they failed to catch it. Ghosthunting is now the latest excitement. Several courageous youths, with thick sticks, have lain in wait two or three evenings at the lovers' rendezvous, but though the moonlight was there, and everything favorable for a spcctral seance, the vision did not appear. It may be remembered that something was seen in Australia of the tail of a gigantic comet in January last, but owing to the cloudy weather very few observations could be taken. The tail was of immense leiigtb, bnt no nucleus was perceptible. Assuming that the comet was moving in the orbit of the great comet of 1880, Dr. Kreutz of the Royal Observatoiy at Eiel, from the rough materials available, inferred that it must have passed its perihelion on January 11, and that it was, while under observation, rapidly receding into space. Offing to the fact that during the last few days of the comets' visibleness it did not present the slightest condensation as a point for observation, it iB probable that nothing more than a very rough orbit will be derived from the whole assemblage of observations when published. Finlay's comet, observations of which were obtained at Windsor from October 8 to December 30, 1886, has turned out to be a very interesting one. From positions extending from September 29 to January 15, Dr. Kneger derived an elliptic orbit with a period of 2441 days, and a perihelion passage of November 22, 1886 ; so that the comet may be expected to return about the middle of 1893. On tbe 4th instant an interesting wedding ceremony took place at Berry Jerry station, near Wagga Wagga, when Mr. C. S. Wilkinson, F.G.S., Government Geological Survevor of New South Wales, was married to Miss Leitch, eldest daughter of the late Mr. John Leitch, of Berry Jerry. Mr. Wilkinson is well known to many Waega residents, having resided here (says the W. Advertiser) for some years before accepting his present appointment. The bride's father was one of the pioneer settlers of the Murrumbidgee, and during his lifetime was one of the leading spirits of this town and district. The marriage was solemnised by the Rev. J. C. M'Donald, M.A., of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Wagga. A large number of relatives and friends of the bride and bridegroom, from both Sydney and Melbourne, were present, with a number of friends from Wagga and surrounding district. About 45 persons sat down to the wedding breakfast. A dance followed in the evening at which a number of additional friends from Wagga were present. There were eight bridesmaids, being seven sisters of tbe bride and a niece of the bridegroom. The bride's dress was of cream satin, trimmed with lace and pearls, and the bridesmaids were attired in white Indian silk, trimmed with lace. The bridal presents were numerous and choice in design and variety. Notwithstanding the wet weather, everything passed off merrily. At the Gundagai Police Court on Friday» before Messrs. J. B. Elworthy and M. Norton, J's.P., Rowland A. Cotton, the manager of a claim known as tbe Wagga Gold-mining Company, Jerusalem Creek, on remand, WSB charged with embezzling two lots of gold, weighing 28oz. and 20oz., the property of the company, and with stealing gold from the plates of the machine. Mr. G. B. Somerville prosecuted, and Mr. W, S. Griffin defended. The case lasted nearly the whole of the day. Thomas Walters, a shareholder of the mine, who laid the charge, gave similar evidence to what was heard when the case was first taken. James Broom deposed that the accused weighed the gold in his presence, and it weighed 3|lbs. avoirdupois. He heard accused say what the dividends would be, which were different to those received by the shareholders. P. Hann, grazier, of Wagga, said he was interested in the claim, having agreed with Walters to place the battery on the ground. There was no complaint made by Walters at tbe time of the first crushing of accused embezzling gold. He believed the shareholders got all tbe gold from the crushing, having no reason to doubt it. It would have been to accused's interest to make the mine pay. Walters did not cousult witness as to prospecting. Cotton and he were no party to the prosecution. Other evidence of an indefinite nature followed, at the conclusion of which the Bench, being unanimously of opinion that there was not sufficient evidence to convict apon, dismissed the case. The prosecution then withdrew the other two charges pending, as the only evidence they could bring was that the gold was weighed on 4cwt. scales, which the Bench said could not be taken as evidence. 