The Advertiser TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1887. It may become our lot as faithful chroniclers of current history to inscribe on the tomb of the Civil Service Bill, in words of ancient story, "Whom the gods love die young." The treatment of die Bill so far has been very much that of a foundling. At the doorstep of the Legis lative Council the discarded offspring is left by an unnatural parent who seems to thi&k; parental duty ends there, careless whether the bantling thrive or perish. Two suggestions are before the Upper House, either— p. ssibly both—of which m?y be definitely submitted. The Hon. B. Scott is in favor of reading the Bill a eecosd time " this day six months," ?hich is the Parliamentary euphemism for extirguuhing life without a struggle. Ibe ( Bon. D. Murray inclines to re mitting it to a Select Committee in hopes that what is confessedly a most im perftctly drafted, unsatisfactory, and unworkable measure, may be improved. Mr. Scott is of opinion that the session is too far advanced for enquiry by a Select Committee, which, but for this objection, he seems disposed to support, and accord ir gly advocates the happy dispatch. We have already urged that the appointment of a Select Committee is the proper as it is the only way of arriving at the principles upon which a satisfactory measure can be founded. Mr. Murray, whose experience as the head of a large business extending over a lengthened period of years, and whose practical ac quaintance with the admiuistration of a Government department ought to count for something, is prepared to adopt the plan suggested. If there is anything in the argument of wait of time, the responsibility must rest with these who hurried into life a Bill so premature in its development that it con tailed within itaclf the seeds of decay, and under such circumstances that it was impossible to save it by remedial nieasnrtv. Mr. Bcott, like Mr. Baker, has started the idea that the pasting of an Act to place the Civil Service under a board is to uedtrmine, and in effect destroy, the responsibility of Ministers to Parliament and the country. Of course this sort of cry may be effective in the hurry of debate. Equally, of coarse, the argu ment collapses the moment it if tasted practically. It has been used before, and in other placet, when the ques tion of Civil Service reform in the interests of the country and the public service has been a practical Issue for discussion and legislation. Wherever it has been advanced it has been by those, almost without exception, who spaak from impressions merely, while it has been con futed by others who tpeak from official experience. Mr. Gladstone stated, when the tame question was before the Imperial Parliament and the aame argument ad vanced, that if a Minister were to stand up In the House of Commons and assart that in respect of appointments in the Civil Service there was practically any Ministerial responsibility whatever, he would himself realise the absurdity of the statement and be ridiculed by every one of his colleagues on the Treasury benches. The doctrine of responsibility is a pore delusion— a mere stalking-horse. Where appointments and promotions are vested in a permanent body, whether the heads of departments or a board, there is a respon sibility, valuable, real, and tangible. Bat where these are vested in the political heads, who come, as they most at some time, new to the department, knowing nothing of the personnel of the staff, with everything to lean of departmental work, who are constantly changing, seldom re maining long enough to master details, or are ejected from office just as they are getting an Insight, the responsibility v regards their ofiioers is a cypher. The value of the responsibility which, accord lrg to Mr. Baker and Mr. Soott, exists now, may be tested by the recent case in connection with the Engineer-In-Chief, which has received so much attention in Parliament and elsewhere. The fact is that in the work of government, where Parliamentary institutions prevail, politi cal action and conduct are one thing and mere administration of public business is another. The shorter the average tenure of office of Ministerial heads, the more necessary is it for the country to have for the execution of its business from day to day and year to year a staff of public servants whose prospects and careers can neither be advanced nor thwarted at the whim of Ministers. Functionaries hold ing their positions under a tenure free from such influence will serve the country better in the long run. and will under the same consistent loyal eupport to whatever Minister is the political head of the de partment in which they may serve. The Ministry of the day—for Ministerial responsibility Involves this — are re sponsible to Parliament for thelr policy, for the measures they pass, for the measures they ought to in trodnce|but omit to, and for the political administration as apart from the mere administrative execution of their measures. For any sins of omission or commission under these heads they most take the consequences. The country provides a permanent public service to carry out the details of Ministerial policy, and to work as faithfully and loyally for the Ministry of to-day as for their successors to-morrow. Obviously the less any member of this army of workers owes to any Minister or Ministry the more likely is he to work equally well for aIL To place such a service nxder a board aa trustees for the country and Parliament is the beat means to secure economy and efficiency, and to strengthen Ministerial hands ia the performacce of those duties which involve Ministerial responsibility. It will not be creditable if tuia Bill, which was promised ia the opening speech, and adopted by the present Miii is try on taking office, is summarily shelved. If lion, members have made up their minds that the Bill is beyond im proving in the ordinary way, and that there is no time left for a Select Com mittee, there Btill remains the alternative we have before indicated, of passing a short Bill to constitute the board, with powers of full investigation, and so report to Parliament next session in time for legislation. Upon the personal composi tion of the commission or board will depend whether or not the investigation, is a thorough examination of the public ser vice, and the report one which will supply the leading principles of a Civil Service Bill worth pas?iDg. Officers of character, standing, and ability, should appear before the board in its preliminary enquiry to inform and advice. The country has declared in favor of the principle of a boatd, and he would be a bold man who, in the face of past experience, would maintain that Ministerial responsibility has saved the country ia the pist from muddles and scandal, and is the best security sgalnst their occurring in the future. We have do wish to revive the story of the Thow muddle. We hope it is dead and buried, and that Par liament has had the last call upon it to find public money for its expenses. Bat we question if matters could have pro ceeded so fax under a board aa under Ministerial supervision. The theory of Ministerial responsibility is illustrated by Messrs. Ramsay and Playford now sitting in the aame Cabitiet and taking street counsel together. The Queensland Parliament has recently been discussing the sfikirs of New Gainea, and in anything but a happy frame of mind. The indifference of the Imperial Government to the repeatedly expressed wishes of Australian colonists as to the ' final settlement of the proper jurisdiction j over the country was etroogty animad veittd upon. There were c^mptciats , of the lukewarmneea of New South Wales in fulfilling its engagement to contribute towards the expense of the New Guinea ' administration, and it was alleged j that tie negltct to reply to commanisa- j tiuns showed both discourtesy and an intention to repudiate the obligation. AH the colonies are discontented with the disregard of their views and interests dis- ' plated by the British authorities, and the apathy that is generally manifested in ! connection with the relations of England to the Pacific islands. The long drawn negotiations on euch subjects as the de portation of recidiviates by the French OuTtrmsent, aod its oceup?tion of the New Hebrides, hare been enough to exhaust evtn patriarchal patience. Irri tation is excusable when the dila te riuess and feebleness now ahown are contrasted with the promptoesi and energy of foreign rivals, which axe ' resnldna: is Australia bung deprived of Its birthright The geographical position of the continent, with that of the islands of Tasmania and New Zealand, Indicates its die tiny, when its national development and consolidation are complete, t3 be the dominant power In the Western Pacific, and until only the other day there w*s no sign that this would be seriously obaUcoted. Latterly, however, two of tte great European nations have entered the field with an aggressive policy that has entirely altered the aspeat of affairs. France seems to have found it necessary to assert itaelf by activity in foreign affairs, to which the campaign in Tonquin and the revival of an obsolete claim on Madagascar bear witccse. Pursuing the same lines else where, ita desoent an the New Hebrides has called forth prolonged and energetic protests that bave at last borne fruit, bat not until after, exasperating delay. The colonising spirit that baa arisen in Gar many is another and most potent element in the case. That country has in a biief space of time acquired an ex tensive possession in New Gcunea, New Britain, and the Solomon Islands, afcd is still pushing its acquisitions. A proclamation was issued not long ago that the Get man Government had taken pctsession of certain islands lying north of the line of demarcation agreed upon last year, and conferred a charter to deal with the natives of those islands on the New Guinea Company. This was shortly after the high haudtd interference of Germany in the affairs of Sunoa, and it seems prob- ; able that if the aame policy is continued a little longer there will not be an island in ibe Pacific to which one or other of the European Powers has not established some kind of ownership. We referred at the time the event took place to the arbitrary proceedings of the German authorities at Samoa, and their subsequent action is such as to admit of no justification. The interference was not in any sense creditable to a great nation, for it amounted to a mere triumph of force. Against German artillery and needle-guns the islanders were compara- j tively defenceless, and there is no honor in subjugating them. The deposition of MaJietoaand the substitution of Tamasese in his place look very much like setting op a mere tool that could be em pkjed according to the pleasure of the dictator. Tha deposed king contrived to ! elude the vigilance of the spies that were set to watch bis movements. Had he been so minded it is quite possible he might have evaded all attempts at capture, I and have conducted a prolonged guerilla like defence. He was, however, shrewd enough to perceive that the adoption of that line of conduct on his part would be to the injury of his people, and he was patriotic enough not to adopt it. As it was their villages were being burnt and pigs slaughtered. Accordingly, acting on the advice of both English and Ameri can residents, he quietly surrendered himself to the German commander, by whom he was promptly deported to save any farther trouble. Before his departure he was permitted to bid his people farewell, which he did in a peculiarly touching and pathetic manner. Part of his letter ran thus:— " To all Samoa. —On account of my great love for my country, and my great affec tion to all Samoa, that is the reason that I deliver up my body to the German Government. That Government may do as they wish to me. The meaning of this is because I do not desire that the blood of Samoa should again be spilled on ac count of me, but I do not know what is my offence which has caused their anger to me and my country." The unfor tunate king ? had a miserable recompense for what is undoubtedly worthy of being styled patriotic self-abnegation. With, hieeonand three attendant chiefs he wasim mediately conveyed away from tbe islands, the destination of the vessel being at the time ui>known. She appeared off Cook town shortly afterwards, that port being probably selected because it was the nearest point whence telegraphic com munication could take place with Germany. No intercourse with the shore was permitted until Jfalietoa and his party had been transferred to the gunboat Albatross, which, was home ward bound. Whether it was intended to take him to Germany or to land him at German New Guinea was uncertain, but those who know the Samoan constitution and temperament aver that in either case hia deportation would be as certainly fatal as though he had been shot outright. The Samoan correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald assets that it means death In either case, "for a Samoan cannot live out of bis own country." The entire transaction is eminently dis creditable to all the Earopeans who were concerned in it. On the one hand the German authorities trumped up claims that have no justification, made charges that were not attempted to be proved, and Insisted on conditions that it was manifestly impossible to fulfil. These were followed by acts of violence that were altogether unnecessary, unless It were designed to Btrike terror and show that resistance would be followed by in discriminate and disproportionate punish ment. Meanwhile the representatives of the British and American Governments did nothing bat look on or remonstrate in ; tbe very mildest terms. The former re ceived instructions indeed to maintain an attitude of the strictest neutrality both in word and action. Matietoa had incurred the displeasure of tbe German Govern ment very largely by listening to the advice of the representatives of the British and American Governments. He ab stained from putting down the rebellion against him because of the promise that their Goremmenta would afford him assistance and protection if he avoided anj thing that would occasion war. Bely ing on their pledges he declined to make arrangements that would have given an unfair advantage to German residents, and then when trouble came upon him they abandoned him to bis fate, fie accepted their advice to give himself np to hia assailants, and the result was hia being taken away, in all probability to perish in exile. Tne trouble in Samoa is not over yet, for the European and American consuls are at variance, and the breach has become so wide that according to the latest intelligence the latter had issued a proclama tion a winning the exclusive control acd protection of all who claimed to be under the protection of the United States, thereby setting np an authority indepen dent both of the German commodore and his poppet king. It is by no means on likely that Commodore Heosner will an nounce that be is under the necessity of establishing a German protectorate, which will be tantamount to annexation. Such are the processes by which the control of the Pacific groups of islands Is passing Into other hands, to the serious jeopardy of Australian interests, while the British Government looks on and does nothing. Tt?e Government had a long sitting in Cabinet on Monday afternoon, when theSnp- I-Umcntaty Estimates were under comdden tnw. sad ire believe the Treasurer will lay then opon the ?bie of the House this after coon. Tbe holiday on Wednesday will interfere with tbe regular course of *?"?iigi? in Parlia ment this week, bat the House of Assembly at all errata will make np for the lon of ma ordi nary day by sitting on Friday. In the Legis lative. Council to-day tbe Chief Secretary will juove the aeeond reading cf the Local Govera antct Bill, Tbe menage received from the Aueabiy relative to the amendments made by tbe Council in the Railway Board Bill is to 1* next considered. Tbe Hob. R. A. Tarltan will lemme the debate on the aeooad reading of the Civil Serrioe bout] Bill. The report of tbe Select Committee on the Star Thistle Dxatroctiin Bill wiU be dealt with, and the ?*Jy otberoiderof the day v tbe aeooad read ing of the Waterwotks Act Amendment Bill. On Thurtday the Chief Secretary will oak the C< nncil to approve of the proposed reference to the Privy Council of like disputed boundary qaestit n. In tbe Hove of Assembly to day the Attorney-General will ask for leave to in troduce Bills extending the power of municipal corporations with reference to gasworks, and recreation grounds, and repealing the Life A?ura?ce Companies' Act Amendment Act of 1655\. The Treasurer will move the House into committee for the purposes of considering tLe loan estimates and the excesses on loan eetiiratea. Tbe rest of the Government busi ness is as follows:—lntercolonial Atucoading Debtors' Bill, third reading; Grown Linda Amendment Bill, adjourned debate on second reading; Taxation Act Amendment Bill, ad journed debate on aeeond reading; Northern Territory Electoral Bill: AngtePole Saflway Bill and Institutes Bill, second readings; Local Courts Act Amwirfmant Bill, in com mittee ; Patents Act Amendment Bill, aeoond reading; supply, in committee. Dr. Cockbom will move for leave to introduce ? Bill for preventing the spread of fool brood amongst bees. On Friday Mr. Livingston will ask for leave to introduce a Bill Mtwnflmg tbe Auctioneers Act, 18E2. Mr. Kimber will more— M That in tbe opinion of this House it is desirable that the Government take imme diate action for the purpose of organising a labor bureau in London with an offioe in Adelaide for the purpose cf enabling tsnployeis of labor in toe colony to engage ench labor as they may re quire, and facilitating tbe importation of ench from Europe at the cost of the importer." { Mr. Giles will move for the appointment of a commisuon to enquire into the best means of j dfalicg with our Crown lands. Mr. Gould will aek the House to agree to the presentation of an address to his Kxoellency the Governor asking that York may be declared a polliag plaoe in the district of West Torrens. Toe firtt order of the day is the second reading of the Companies Act Amendment Bill. Then follow tbe ad j* urned debates on the questions of tbe adoption of the recommendations of the TtebLical Education Board, the appointment ! of a Select Committee to make enquiries re- ! epectiDg the establishment of a State bank. and the adoption of tbe report of the Mais Enquiry Committee. The Attorney-General will resnme the debate on tbe aeoond reading of the Grown Offices of Profit BilL Mr. Duncan will apeak on tbe motion of Mr. Bewa for the appointment of a Select Committee to enquire into the break of gauge difficulty, and Mr. Solomon will fntnuw the debate on Mr. Furner'e motion for tbe granting of loams so iniiung and crushing companies. Tbe bal'-yeariy meeting of the shareholders of tbe Port Wharf Company was held at tbe company's office on Monday afternoon, Mr. J. Acraman (chairman of directors) presiding over a fair attendance. The balance-sheet, which was adopted, akowed that the gross earnings during the half-year bad been £120 15s. 3dL, and the balance from the last half year of £181 19s. Id. made the credit £602 14s. 4d, The expenditure on rent, working expenses, insurance rates, &c.;, was £433 la. 5d.; leaving a balance of £168 2s. lid. The business done did Dot warrant the declaration of a dividend for the previous half-year. A meeting of the Adelaide School Board of Advice was held in die Education Office on Monday afternoon, there being present Meaara. 3\. L. Bonython (chairman), J. T. Soherk, MJ..V.Lawran3e,J. Anderson, J. Gordon, A. Adamson, A. W. Meeka, and T. Bttoies, and Mr. J. EL EL Vodnns (superintendent of ecbool visitors) Mr. Adamson reported upon tee nutter of Kuarding the trees at the school*. He bad, with Mr. O. E O. Smyth, visited tbe echoote. but had found that nothing could be done without great expense. A considerable quantity of punting wu rs uired. The wisdom had also bees Man of adopting the filter system m bad bsenauir geeted at the last meetang of the board. tSb chairmen pointed out the necessity of placuur something more definite before the "'nirtor ol Edncation ttan was contained in tb* cesolntion at which the board had arrived. After some discussion it was decided that the chairman should await the reply of the Minister, and interview bun on the matter. The matter of the annual inspection of the city schools by the board m brought up, and it was decided to commence on Friday Kovember 18, with the Stort-ctreet school. Tbe Minister of Education forwarded the appointment of Mr. S. Toms as ? member of the board. The Inspector- General of Schools forwarded tbe quarterly returns of the schools of the city, as follows: — Flinders-street Sshool — Credit balance, £30 4s. 2d.; number of scholar* on register, 1,071; average attendance, 791; free scholars, 356. Grote street—Credit bdsnca. £20 lSe. 7d.; number of scholars, 1,156 ; free scholars, 465. Start street School — Orelit balance, £32 lls.; nnmber of scholar*. 1,111; average attendance, 767; free scholars, 271; and PracUiing School— number of scholars, 61; average attendance, 48; free tcholars, 25. The headmaster of the Flinders-street School applied for certain repairs to tbe building, and the matter was re ferred to Messm. Anderson and Adamsan, Eleven applications for free education were granted. It was decided that an application should be made to the Minister of Edncation for information regarding the system of truant schools. A branch of the Federal 6 lEding Suiety and Savings Institute, which is affiliated with tbe Federal Bank of Australia, was opened ?n Monday in tbe Federal Bank premised, King William- street. (To-morrow being a public holiday all tele graph offices in South Australia will be closed between tbe hoars of 10 a.m. and 7 pm. Operators will be in attendance at the head office aaoenaL The Waxworks at the Town Hall Ex?oange room etui attract a share of public suppxt. The ebo w will only be open for four more da vs. and for these tbe time far admission hat been extended, as will foe .seen by ""i"inrmment elaewhete. On Monday morning Mr. Joseph Dily. of Tynte street, North Adelaide, reported at tbe city coroner 1* office that bis child W*ra?r% aged four months, had died suddenly during the morning. Tne coroner made enquiries, and finding death resulted from n^faira! cannon decided not to hold an inquest. Another crowded boose witnessed theevan ieg's entertainment provided at Garner^ Theatre by Hudson's Surprise Paris but oven ing, when tbe proceeding! passed off mwt successfully,-encores being frequent, "Ariel" was shown in the ante-room, and in company with tbe rest of the programme will be again presented this evening. The following tenders were opened at tho Government offices on Monday, November 7: —Ecginetr in-Chiefs Department—Constroec icg a kitrfien at iftatiifima o*.^!! residence. Port Wakcfield, two tenders, Hd. Wenzd the lower. Supply and delivery of .cailway ma terials, three tenders, not declared. Sipp\y and delivery of iron ftirder plates, two tenOau. Adelaide Bard ware Company the lover. An accident happened at Fort Adelaide on Saturday evening to a seaman named John Moore, employed on board tbe ship Inglevood. He was in the act of hanlingaome tnfei of wool on to the wharf when the aling snapped and the bale fell and knocked him heavily on boom planks on tbe wharf. He was taken to the local hospital, where it wag found he had ?u -tained severe injuries to the nip and tbigh. Dr. Toll attended the patient. Tbe monthly meeting of the Irian National League, Adelaide branch, was bald onMonday evetiir-K at Victoria square. There was a large attendance. A letter was received from the Rev. W, Cnrrie, of Kyneton, Victoria, coif ctnting to kctore for the league in Adrtaide early in December. Twelve new members vere admitted, rt i iniiiiiiiiiii ?firm w>n imii?ml from tbe Orroroo branch stating that the branch now numbered 73 members. Theread iig of Mr. William O'Brien's Mftehaustora speech concluded the proceeding*. Mr. E. Nesbitbas brought over from Western Australia the niece of tin which wa* found on tbe North Beach, near Fcemantia, in Sep tember last, purporting to be a menage from shipwrecked people on the Crozet Inlands. It will be remembered Oat some boys fonnd a dead albatross on the beach near Fmmantle, havmgronndfotiecfcaatripottia, on which was punched the following:—**lS Naufrages soot refugies sur lea fleaGrozet 4 aout 1887 " Mr. Keebit has handed the tin over to the SxMbi tion authorities, who mi 1 place it on naw. A meeting of market gardeners, convened by Mr. U. B. Hanton, wa? held in the Sut- Ebd If atktt Hotel on Saturday mnrniiig to consider the advushility of forming a aCaikst Gardeners' Co-operative Company, by taking over tbe Kent Town Fruit and Pce cerving Company. About 60 gardeners wen pretebt, and Mr. Johns was chosen chairman. Ator a lengthy discnaska, ft was ns*Biav>?ly carried tbat it was desirable each a company thoold be formed, and a committee, aofMUtins; of Messrs. F. Armstrong, Johns, and J. Umtntifi^ was elected to visit and report upon ' the property. On Monday evening the Semaphore Amateur Christa gave one of their popular concerts in tbe local institute hall in aid of the Coova lestent Home. The first part of the praoeed iogs consntea of tbeasual burnt oorkenter tanoceot, m whteb the song* were particularly effective and tbe choruses much appreciated. The second part of the programme, whuh in cluded musical selections by the orchestra* ? ballad, a stump speech, and a character song, well sustained the reputation of the company, ard the applause was frequent. The eoter tuonurnt was brought to a dose by tbe farce "Black Justice." The following took part:— Messrs. F. J. Nixon, G. Bfaechmxe. W. Phileox, O. Hawfce, 6. E. Mien, S. G. Francis, J. Goodau, G. E. Caterer, and D. B. Koisb. Mr. J. C Neill was very ?oecessf tA as interlocutor, while a powerful orchestra did much to add to the effect of the singing. The monthly meeting of the committee of tbe Bow' Brigade was held on Monday. The accounts passed for payment (£lolss. id.) left a email balance due to the treasurer. It was reported tbat tbe selling of newspapers by girls bad greatly decreased, and a hope was ex pressed Oat it would shortly be quite done avsy with. The urgent need ?f regular sa stiuctors for the drum and fife band and for a carpentering class was admitted, and it was secure tbe services of two competent instructors in these branches. Situations in the country bad been procured since May for 14boya(?ome of these on their release from gaol), and five boys bad been fonnd emplojnrent in town. It was senreed that a social evening be given to tits boys on the third Tuesday in each month, when friends of the movement are invited to attend. From Mr. Hugo Wertbeim, of Melbourne, we have received a copy of the Vic torian edition of "The Anatolian Birth day Book." published by him with Che literary asdstanoeof Mr. Garnet Wakfa, who, beside* having compued for the work a record of memorable events usually to be found in almanacs, and collected data with reference to the birthdays of prominent men in Victoria, has tnpplied an amnmng preface descriptive of his editorial labors and difficulties. In expla nation of the circumstances attendant upon the publication of tte book Mr. Waleh writes— "It was at first my intention to launch it on tbe sea of public opinion as ? vesture of coy own, but happening one da' to mention my idea to Mr. fiugo Wrthehii,renttiking to him tow uncertain all such undertakings are in our limited com ic unity, seoffered not only to take the whole, risk off my bands, but to issue a first edition, of at least 20,000 copies with many mora thoufands to follow." This " Birthday book" emits the poetical and other quotations gene rally to be found in publications of the kind, and its distinctively original feature as already remarked is the —"*??">? of a record of the natal anniversaries of leading men in yiotoria— the colony where the present edition ia in tended chitfly to circulate, gibe doting enterbunmedt of the Gfanelg idterary Association was held in the Sb Peters lecture-hall on Monday evening. The president (Mr. H. D. Gell) was in the chair, and in addressing the audience stated that the cession tbat was now closing had been one of ihe best they had had during the 13 years of the eodety's existence. The first part of the entertainment consisted of a concert by lady and gentlemen amateurs, and was opened with ? epirited pianoforte overture, "Radiensa" <GotfeohVdk) by Mrs. Wylde and Miss Htteh oox. This was followed by a baritone aoncr, "My Queen" (BhanenthalX by Mr. W. F. G. Biliary, which net with a Rood reception. The next number was a song by Mrs, J. G. Jenkins, ?' Calkr Henxn'," in wfakh her sweet soprano voice was heard to Rood advantage, bet effort receiving a merited encore, in response to which she sang "KiUamey." Mr. A. B. Mmnmetiten contributed a violin solo, " Schumlied 9 (Schuman) in his best style, and was loudly applauded. later on the same gtntfe?an played a pretty arrangement of r 'Toe harp that onoe throngb, 0 &?., and re ceived an imperative encore, to which he re plied. Mr. J. G. Jenkins, M.C- was -vary amudng in a recitation entitled^'The light ning- rod dicpenur," and Mr. W. Gs, jOooper Eang '* Sunshine and rain* 1 {Itttim^fi^b^^ with, good effect. Mr. Hillary then gave Parker's beautiful song, "Close to ttie threshold," with excellent taste. Mrs, J. G. Jenkins on her second appearance sang*"Twaa w?bmanuls o* Edinboro* town," and was encored. This closed the concert, after which four aasnes from "Hamlet" were played, Mr. J. lassie taking the i6le of Hamlet, Mr. W. Storrie, inn., Hanbo, Mr. W. G. Cooper v Marcella*. Mr. A. Powell m Bernardo, ami Mr. K. G. Castle, jon., the Ghost The production, whioh yas given with teenio effects, wm very men tnriout, and f bowed much careful study, the putt of Hamlet by Mr. Thane being particu larly good. About half-put 6 o'clock on Friday evening John T. Xiewis, aged 39,? commercial traveller in the employ of Messrs. E. Greer & Co., wine and spirit ?"*>r"> iftnfa', Melbourne, committed suicide. The 4w tays :-Lewiih*d been in the habit, when in town, of lodginjrina boose in Granite-terrace, Gertrude-street, Fittroy. A week ago, howevsr, he absented himself from these quarters and took up his residence in the Osrlttrn C^Trt* Tr"4?l*, o|)po??b?. According to the tfafr-mrrt of the landlord and barman of that Ml ?Minium mt. he had been in a despondent for same days. He did not drink orach in the hotel, bat used frequently to arrive there in an intoxicated state. Shortly after 9 o'clock on Friday morning, Lewie told the bar bu that ha wm going to the office in town *aa went away, fie returned to the hotel at iadf-vast S in the evening, tile worse for liquor' tip* that he thought two detectives were after him, and seemed rather excited. ~ When .asked why he thought be was sought after, he ?akThewas "mad? and that he had asked a policeman to take him in charge on that *ecoimt, bat the constable had refused. Lena ?tap stated that he bad called on* Mrs. Beer, landlady of the Tramway Hotel, North Fitz roy, and had left a diamond ring in her ?cotody, as he feared it might otherwise be stolen from him. Subsequently he requested to be served with some beer, sod .on the bar man declining to give him any he drank two large glasses of water. He then said he would ?o over to Granite-terrace, change his things, and come back to get a bath. After being absent at his old lodgings for some time, he ?etarsed to the hotel abont half-casts, and Baid to the barman. "lam going to have a bath." Be did not seem more excited than before, and proceeded towards the bathroom. To reach fhi? bniMing be bad to pass tbroagh a yard. A young lady who waa on the premises saw lews walking across the yard. She observed -that blood asirtefl from a huge gash in his throat and that be held a razor m his hand, Aa she noted this he fell down, bat immediately regained bis feet) and walking two or three paces farther, stambled on bis face against the threshold of the lMtthroom. The alarm was given. Dr. Gcooke, who fives almost opposite, waa aent for at ?once. On his arrival Lewis was still living, but the doctor announced that there was no hope of his recovery. He died a few minutes later. The unfortunate man waa ????lEwinff severely from disease. There were no fltCT?"f*? left by him either at the hotel ?or at his lodgings to r—iir**" why he com mitted tite act, but he mentioned to a lady ?dd? weeks ago that on a previous occasion he bad contemplated cutting hif throat It is evident that be had been chnridiing the idea of suicide. 8o far as ii known Lewis was not -? jftt"—lajpyrfHliiyiitiflg, He has two orothecs, 4HHt hff Tm^ rTf ana j^ JUMfrnnri^ and a Slater TOBdent at Beech worth. Tt**>ff<Hitti Aiawfen?ui Rifle Ctob'te nutehei vfll be fired at the Fort ranges to-day. fl limllnM i?* the Big; DO S.M. Company -win be fteU atAttnd Chamber*, Carrie atraet, at noon 