AnalysiM tti" Ac-gyle Election. l'o tiib editor. Sin, — C'nnstitutibnafiy protection is de feated in Ai-gyle, and Messrs. ITolborow and Ball are our members. But, con sidering tlio short time that protectionist viowh hnvo been advocated in tho elector- ate, even Troo-lnulors must ndmit that those principles have mado groat pro gress, ynil, had tho electors voted upon that isHiio itlono, a ' protective policy would have won. Mr. Boso was 181 vote's behind Mr. Ball. Tho termor scoured 789 votes, lmt ho had 018 phuiipors ; deduct that number from 789 and you have loft 171, which is only 10 votes loss than Mr. Ball's majority; consequently, 171 pro tectionist votors must have given ono voto' for freo- trado, "and, as Mr. Itoso only solicited protectionist votes, 'wo may pro- sumo that ho got no others.' At Tarulga Mr. Hose had 120 votes, of which 08 wove plumpers. Deduct that from tho total number of votos, and wo have 28 who must havo votod for ono or other of the freo-trado candidates! At Crookwoll, Taralga, Laggan, Currawang, Golspio, Muinmol, Bolong, aud Bungonia, tlio principal centres of agriculture, Mr. Rose had mi absolute majority ; but at places uusuitcd for agriculture bo wns defeated. His greatest dofeat was in Goulbnrn, wlioro ho pollod loss than half tho num ber of tho othor candidates, a largo liuin- bor of tlio votos being by tradors aud de pendents of tho town, nnd railway moil, all of whom wore subject to umiuo in fluence from the Promior nnd tho Freo- trado Association, It would appear that thoso who livo by tbo farming class linvo but littlo, if any, sympathy with tbo farmers' difficulties. But somo will say, Had all protectionists votod for Itoso, anil for him only, lio would hnvo boon still ton votes bohind ; and tho question may bo asked, How do you account for this P Woll, I mn unwilling to admit that in tlio county of Argylo thoro aro ton .mora froe-tradors than protectionists ; lodge association prevented far more limn that number from voting in accordance with ullvll |MuiU>30vU UuulUU which, wo know woll that many suc- omnbod to tho misrepresentations, nnd fallacies, andbugboars of McMillan and othor agonts of tlio Freo-trado Associa tion, aud others woro too bowildorod by tlio glamour of Sir Ilonry Parkos's per sonality to voto on previous convictions. Has tlio Promior shown a silicons desiro to obtain tlio voico of tho country upon tho rival- policios of freo-trado and pro tection ? Cortainl' not. or ho would havo loft oaoli oloctorato to sottlo tlio question without outside influence. But lio is flying about tlio country to hound down ovory proininont protectionist. Why is ho so unequal, ovon in his rcvongo. Freo- trado mon loft him as woll as Sutter, but thoy woro loft unpuuishod, Manybosidos T-lyam votod his oxpidsion from tho House, but tho vengomico wns only wreaked on tho protectionist. Ho must bo a sincere and ardent, .hough preju diced, froo- trndor, for with hiin that opinion condones all. oifencos and all faults, and endows tlioso who hold that opinion with intellectual gifts which 110 0110 olso coulil discover. If his oft-quotod Soudan donkey would only bray froo- trado " it would, I supposo, ho worthy of a constituonoy, if not worth tho cost of tlio Soudan oxnedition. AY. MARTIN. Goulbnrn. |oa 8> a'SjnanTortTie Earl's,' holdn hpa small farm on tho outskirts and d liild very woll. The excitement of the old man's m J fancy had quite worn off when B Bsti- nnd I bade him good morning asked after his rheumatism. He lily, 'bravoly,' he told us, now that said, weathor was warm, and talked oh day -reuy ouougn in a cnuaisn sori had fashion, regarding me all the w the with a puzzled look, you . ' I saw her,' I heard him mutte himself, while we bad turned to rod. wife about something and she c j answering a question of Hilda's al her own health. ' I saw her clos mal mo> and that's her — and yet it isn1 hat whore's her evil smile nnd tho wic' if eyes that glittered as if — ' U8t He stoppod suddenly seeing thi illy heard him, and blundered out rod apology. ' Don't lot 'em mind mo — don't I 'em listen to me,' be said querulou) mo ' my head's all of n moither.' 'Yes, that's just it,' she st y'g 'smiling. ' Don't take any heed ,nd him. miss, ploase ; he's always fan me ing"likone8sos.' ,-as ' Yos, but you mustn't lot him 1 nil such things as ho said yosterdf ily Hilda said, quietly! 'Mamma si so. jit troubles papa, you know.' ow 'Yos, deary, I know,' the won n't replied, ' I understand, and if I coi llr. havo helped it it shouldn't have bet n but I wasn't so well yesterday, and v lying down and asleep when he ca od in witli Tom and half-a- dozen mi of nt' their heels, nnd father there v do crying aud saying ho had seen I He poor thing's ghost. Of course it v „,t just a mistake, a triok of the sjinl'" Talie liarc of Machinery. Till-: unwiso farmer will leavo his ploughs, harrows, mowers, reapers, cultivators, o... . ..; . ii. _ . ivy., v\\.c., um. 111 LI1U IIDl fcUll, around in tho barnyard, or out in tho fiolilH, where thoy will ho speedily de stroyed by tho exposure to tlio weather. The wise farmer will put thom carefully away under sholtor, aud thus keep thom ill priino order until worn out liy uso. It costs us many a sigh as wo travel ovor tho country to sco so many valuahlo imple ments and machines going to Riiro decay, entailing heavy loss, simply from tho lack of a few minutes of time to put thom se curely under shelter until wanted for another year. Farmers may well com plain of hard times wlum thoy lose so much by gross and inoxcusablo neglect and carelessness. 