NEWS OF THE DAY. WE are requested to state that Lady Carrington will be "at home," at Government House, on Thursday a, the 14th nod 26th July, at 3 p.m. Is tho Legislativo Council yesterday afternoon, a number of mesures wore' dealt with. Mr. Salomóos' motion for taking Tuesday as aa extra sitting day for Govornmcnt busina*» was carried. Af tor a di8cus»uin upon tho question oE the unemployed, in which tho principio of tho Govormm-nt employing- tho surplus labour of tho community was oocdoainod, the Temporary Supply .Bill was passed. The motion standing in the name of iTr. Sing, expressing a hope that tho subject of rabbit extermination would recoivu thc further and earliest consideration of tho Oovornment, was discusstd at so-ne length and formally agreed to.. Tho report of the Standing Orders Committee upen tho petition praying that the sittings of tho House should be opened with prayer was adopted after soma dis- i cussion, an amendment to rofer tho report back to the ! committeo Cor further consideration being negatived. Th.- West Wallsend and ilonk-^ Barmouth Act Amendment Bill waa read thc second tisis, pas Md through committeo and reportod to the- House, and the Willoughby and Gordon Tramway Bill was also read the second timo, and taken into committeo proforma. The tocood reading of tho Patents Law Amendment Bill pmvobo I some débat?,/ but tho bill was finally passed, and takon through committee with- out amendment The Jury Feo* Bill waa strongly cundemnud by gome hon. members, und upon going to a div.stoa upon tho second reading thor« wat a count out^ At 17 minutes rast 10 o'clock the Prestdoot adjourned the Home to Tuesday next at 4 o'clock:. AUIOST tho whole of yesterday's sitting of tho Legislative Assembly was occupied in debating tho CUD tenar? Celebration Bill Sir Henry Parkos moved tho second n adinf: of tho measure at aa early hour in a long and eloquent speeoh, in which he claimed no merit for anything connected with hie proposal*, but contended that thu bill embodied a scbema for the proper and high celebration of tb« completion of our tirât cen- tury of national lita more acco.itublft than anything ©lao which had been proposed. Of all the other iduas which had bean promulgated right and loft, there had not been ono, ho argued, which commended itsolf either to tho consideration of Parliament ar of tho peoplo out of doors, and not one which, for the patriotic object aimed at, for thc influence which would be exercised on tho national lifo of thc country, and for the orerlasting Held ot enjoyment opened to tho com- mon pooplo of th» country, approached in any dooroo tho proposals now submitted. Generally, tho Hoiwo waa wita the Government in regard to the bill, though eo mo doubt was expressed with respect to tho proposed edifice, and Mr. Bild intimated his intention of moving tho amendments published in our issue of yesterday. The second reading or ibo bill was pawed without divi Bion, and the House went into committee, but proceoded in commiitco only as far as the second clause. Tho measure will be further considered in committee on lionday, on which day also tho Government in- tend to go on with the postponed items of tho Esti- la thc course of the discussion last night, in the Assembly, on tba Centenary Celebration Bill, Sir Henry Parkes stated that it was his intention, whoa opportunity offered, to submit to tho Houso a bill to amend the Constitution Act, with tho object of re- naming ia BCVL-r&l; cases tba official titles of Ministers. For instance, lie said, it waa absurd to call the Trea- surer tho Colonial Treasurer, or tho principal M nister the Colonial teciôtary, in a country which was a colony. Such titles would bo correct in Englnnd, but they wero not so hero. It wou d be far bett-r to,adopt a practice similar to that ia South Australia and Victoria, and call tho Colonial Secretary tho principal or Chief Soc ratary, and the Caloaial Treasurer the Treasurer. A nrix to légalité certain conditional aod othor pur- chases of Crown land was introduced in tho Legisla- tive Assembly yesterday by Mr. Garrett, ead rend tho first time. The objcot of tho bill is to validate certain eoflditiooal purchases, purchases in virtue of improve- ment!, and purchases at auction, waich aro either wholly or in part illegal for reasons set forth in the echcdule* to tho bill ; but this vaidatioa will ho sub- ject to tba fulfilment by tho holders of tho land of any conditions or" provisions applicable to tho purchases under the law. Tho enees to bo dealt with by tho bill. as represented in the sebe lulas number 03 conditional purchases, six iraprovomont purchases, and four pur IT is baliovod that tho business of the session will bo practically ooncludod next week, and that Parliament will bs prorogued oa Monday or Tuesday week. This j wiiJ, of courvo, greatly depecd uoon - tho manner in which the Government measures are treated ia the Legislative Council. It is not expected tint the Council will get through their work before Thursday next The only bills likely to be abandoned aro tho Railway Bill and tho Foreign Criminals Bill The recess will probably extend over two months. SIB HxxnY F Anuna will move in tho Legislative Assembly on Tuesday noxt that tha Ho uso resolve itself into a CommittOJ of the Whole to censidor tho expfdioncy of bringing in a bill to define and' ox tend the operation of corlóla provisions of tho " Country Towns Water and Sowerago Act of 1880." It appears that on tho Hunter Uiver there are a number of municipalities who have asaociatcd themselves together to obtain a supply of water, and ia conic-' quenco of this association of municipalities not being provided for under the Act, those bodies cannot levy rates oe a single municipality can do. The measure is ¡nüoduccd in order that this difficulty may ba re movod. - ifs. ABBOTT asked tho Colonial Treasurer in tho Assembly ywterday, without notice, whether it was his intonlioh, in accordance with liir Unanoial sta lomon t, to introduce this smsíon a hill for tho appointment of cortittifsinncr* w tak» charge cf surplus revanuo tvr tho payment of tho deficit. Mr. Caius said it bid been hil intention all along to introduce sues » bill this seuiou, but si the cession ras rapidly drawing to a' olote, sod Ibero was no invent aeceultr for the moa ture, be hid como to the cotwluiioa that *it would be . better to.poatpone ihe 'íntrotluotíoa ot tho bill lo next LAST night afr. Fitzgerald presented to the Legis- lative Assembly a petition, from a largo number oí .elector* ia tho colony praying , that certain amend- ments ia tito Laud Act oí 1804 might be ouibodied in on Aot to ba pascal av Eoon as possible. Tho. amendments cbietly ' relate to fencing. Tho peti-' tion points out . that the Act of 1884 was specially dcaigrwd to encourage tho settlement ' of tho people on tho land, an 1 tho fencing clauses have , no other obiest than to prove at disputes between i adjacent holders of land nadar a ay tenure. Therefore, ¡ it is urged, it ti obvious that oar arrangement as to I boundary fences that will suit adjacent or adjoining holders must be all that ia required in tho interests of the community at large, tho publia having no interest1 I than tust tho settlement shall taite place amicably. | A-tornan hon, member in tho Assembly desires to do I something for the aborigines, but, unlike Mr. Hassall, his pr of the members for Tamworth, gave notice ia tho Assembly yesterday of his intention, to move on Wednesday next .. That this House will, on Tuesday next, resolve itself into a-comnnttco or tho whole to con- sider so address to the O o vernor praying that his ExcclÎQDcy w ll bo pleasi-d to cause to be placed upon tho Supplementary Estimates for 1,807 a sum, not ex coed, ap £10,UJU. for the purpoFo of supplying tho aboriginals throughout the colony with ration*, clothing, and stater." TUE qui-stion of tho construction of tho North Shor* Rnilwny ha* now avumcd a uaw phase. Mr. Abbott has givon notice that he intend:* on Tuesday next to more ia tho Legislative Assembly, that in lho opinion ot' thu Hoo*o no contmoi for tho extanaion af tho rail- way from Poarco'a Corner to St. Leonards should bo" ncropted. In 1881), Mr. Abbott, when first add essinfr tho electors of Gunnedah, pointed oat timi in his opinion ibo Norlheru railwav should bs mado to approach Syduoy on tho north sido of tho harbour. Ho thought it would bo a f>rcat wnjio of money to incur oxponse in baulnge for all timo by tukin^ goods round Homebush into tho city, and pointed out that tho limo wou d com» when tlie wharfage frontages on. tho ?outhora sido of the har- bour would be insufficient for tho requirements of tho poit and t hore foi o it would be desirable that it *h»uld annrflaL'h on tho northern sidit. where there is dean water extol li g for miles. When the proposal wai mada ia the House o construct this lins. Mr. Abbott bettered that tho Hóan» would'either hare to accept (ho pro- posals or* the Goroinment to connect th« north with tho south sido oE tho city, or no action whatever would bo taken: and he therefore voted for the pMpo*iL lío has advocated the junction from Pearce's Corner to North Shore, and he thinks still that there ought to ba this junction. He is «lill in favour of. any line that could bb taken down to. tho woter'B edge, which might bo utilised for tho purposes of goods trudie, ant, if passiata, of the building up of a wharf- age front on tho northern side of tho harbour. Lt )B ' understood, with regard to this, that tho Govomrocntdo not propose to otrry out tho lino uniera the landowners ^tre tho land free, and thus bring the cost of the line within reasonable limits. THE new regulations and rates for tho transmission of packets and pan ela by post como into operation to-day, anti we are desired to point out, tn regard to numerous inquiries that hivo been mads a« to whothorthoporinÎB sioa to forward accounts, receipted and . unvecoi,'ia I, necessitates those accounts bsing sent through t ie post entiiely o; eQ at iheends, that this tourac is obviously nocossary, as otherwise such ma tex must be treat d as letters. Articles of merchandise up to Iii ounces in weight can, for ihn prusi-at, only bo rent to places wilhin thc colony of Ni-w South Wales, but it is the intoniíon of tho Postmastçr-Genbra! to negotiate witta tho Aostm ian colonies with a view of extending the system as far as practicable to tho colonies. Whilst the weight of pockets is limited to 16 ounces, books can still bo sent up to 81b, ia weight. Tho rate for pockets, namely, ld. for 2 ounces, applios only to places within the colony and in orcolonial places except -Queensland ; as also does the book rate of ld. for orcry 4 ounces. Tho various rate* of postage for foreign places and to Queensland are specified in the " Postal Guide." LAST night there was laid upon tho table of the Legislativo Assembly a return showing the concessions made to Messrs. Barton and Goold for the carrying of goods on tho Government railways of this colony. It appears that under date of 18th April, 1880. Messrs. Barton and Goold wrote a letter stating that they were getting 800 to 1000 tons of goods per annum for their store at Cobar; that hitherto they had obtained them from South Australia, but were very desirous of doing the business in Sydney. Messrs. Wright, Heaton, and Co. had made liberal proposals to them for the road carriage from Orange to Cobar, and that, if the Railway Department would make a suitable re- duction of freight from Sydney to Orange, they might be able to buy in Sydney. They were prepared to forward to Orange within a month from 100 to 160 tons of goods, which under tho tariff would be chargeable at first, second, and third class rates. If they could all be carried at second-class rates. The concession was granted, and goods were conveyed for the firm named under that arrangement, which continued in force until 9th June, 1883. On the 20th July last year the Railway Commissioner asked for a précis of the case, and for a return of goods forwarded under the arrangement, with a statemont showing the revenue that would have been received had ordinary rates been charged, and the amount which was actually received. The report fur- nished showed that in the period referred to the amount paid by Messrs. Barton and Goold at second-class rate was £3171 12s. 2d., and that if ordinary rates had been charged tho amount would have been £4371 11s 1d., the difference in favour of Messrs. Barton and Goold being therefore £1199 18s. 11d. It is also added that up to the time this concession was granted all the Cobar traiffic had gone by river from Melbourne or Adelaide, and that if the concession had not been granted it would have continued to go by that route, and would have been lost to the railway. YESTEBDAT morning a deputation, headed by the secretarias of tho Protection Union, weired en ibo Colonial Treasurer. The deputation included repre- sentatives of tho furniture, French polishing, and chemical trades; and their object in interviewing the Minister WOB to point out certain anomalie* in ihe now' Customs tariff, which injuriously affected their trade*. Mr. Burns did not hold out any hope of being able to effect tho desired alteration la tho tariff, as it was not tho intention of tho Government to make any furthor changes in it at present, but stated that any future chances made would bo in tba direction of its simpUÜ THE Minister for Mines has decided to order a supply, for use in the coal- mines of the colony, of the new Menseler lamps referred to in our issue of yester- day. The two lamps submitted to Mr. Abigail on Wednesday, were referred to the Examiner of Coal- fields for examination yesterday, and h[i]s report upon them has been so favourable that the Minister at once took steps to secure their introduction. TUB following deputations will wait upon the Colonial Secretory to-dáy:-From Federated Building Trades Council, with rospoct to certain matters of interest to thoa trades; from tho Brno Bibbon Army, with reference to dealing with released prisoners ; from a public meeting held at Mittagong on tho Cottago Hopp it til question. Tho Minister for Worki will 1 reieive deputations regarding tho following mutters: A bridge near Goulburn, season ticket* and the tralQo accommodation on tho Illawarra lino, and railway from Young, via Grenfell, to Dubbo. Deputations will j interview tbo Post master-General from the Steamship- , owners' Association with rcspetrt to tho carriage of mails by steamer*, and from tho residents of Canter- bury, who ask for increased postal facilities. GENERAL SCHAW, a British officer of great ox¿_ perionco In rogard to fortifications, who- a few weeba ago reported upon tho elate of the de Toncca of Port Phillip, has been invited by tho Govern mont of this colony, end hos coruontod, to inspect tho fortifications here. Tho lino batteries at South Hoad, and tho group, of batteries at George's Head will probably bo exnminail, HS woll as the fortifications ot Haré Island, defending tho entrance te Botany Bay. Ur will possibly visit tho Hawkesbury and .Botany Bay.districts to givo his opinion upon (¿a strategical importance of tho» plaoef. General Schnw is expected lo arrive ia the couru nf the next few ¿aya. Uno »MMn, KC.B., Gommar.dor B.ÏÏ.A.V., ts «pretwl.to arrive la Sydney Harbour in hid yacht, tho world famed Sunbeam, os Saturday nffcwiwwi» - it is probable that the Sunlwam will enter the Read« about S o'clock.- Wo aro informed that the Now South Wolca Naval Artillery Volunteer! will proceed down I the harbour in their boats to receive his lordship, and, 1 should tue weather prove fine, the members of this smart and compact little, corpe will present a fine ap|>earance, a*.they range up alongside tho Sunbeam, and k*-op ber company up the harbour. Lady Brassey will travel overland fi om Victoria, by tho express, reaching Sydney nt noon os' Saturday, and it ia probable, that her ladyship, will mest the beautiful oraft which has been her floating home for such a lengthened perio I of time in a steam launch. Lord Brissey will bo the guest of th- Now South Wales Naval Artillery Volun teer» at a banquet, which is to Ito giren in his honour at the Town Hall on Saturday week. TBS American Consul, Mr, W. Griffin, will hold his reception on Monday (Independence Day), from 10 o'clock until noon, at hi« o Ince, Co.-'tloreojth- Btroot, Tho timo has beea lixod tlim early in order that Mr. Griffin may be able to leave for Botany by tho 12.15 tram, to take part in tho proceedings there Sir Alfred Stephen, tho Bight Hon. W. B. Dslloy. and other pro min -nt ci tuena are expcoicd to be present at too Botany celebrations. We are informed that Dr. Violette, who has for some time past been discharging the duties of medical officer to the various Government institutions in Parra- matta, has been permanently appointed to that position in succession to Dr. Rowling. We understand that it has been decided to place the Newington Asylum under the care of a separate medical officer. Mn. I). O'Cox.voa, M.L.A., has received a very flattoringly-wordod lotter from a committee of n»idi*nts nrvua 1 Wynyurd-square thinking ,him for tho oxortion to which he put himself in potting ibo square i lunn- | naloil on the night of the Slat Juno, and informing1 him of a dcsii o on tho part of some of tho resident)' to | present him nud. Mrs. O'Connor with a small token of the- appreciation of those who roso;:niched his ol'orts in having ihn s^uaio light d up nn Jubile ni^'ht Tho | 'otter states that " in order to show in some small degrco | the snprec «tio.i felt for your kind ellorts, a few of the ivs dents of the square, by a limit d subscription, novo much pleasure to hand you and Mr*. O'Connor each a | small souvenir of tho occasion ;" and with the letter | wore forwarded two neat little nrticles of jewellery. TUE preparation of tho actions against tho defen- dants who were concerned in the alleged wool frauds is j likely to occupy a cotiiiderablo time. This will neces- sarily involro nomo delay in bi inging thom boforu tho <'OJrt. It is necessary in tho civil causes to go through tho whola of the alleged fraudulent consignments. I whereas in thu criminal prosecutions a low hundred cases were sufficient to bring before tho Court THE evidence of several witaepjes wea beard yester- day, be foro the Coroner's Court, in connection with the Hawkesbury railway accident George Stead, oflict-r in ohargu at Hornsby, concluded his cvidcnco ; and Tboj. Cavanagh, Ptation-master at the Hawkesbury, and Patrick Pioutor, tho pointsman, stated what thoy knew of tho occurrence. So mo iuUiesting evidence wai given by Henry lieorgo Perkins (an engine-driver in tho service of Mesare. Amos Brother*), who nritnoirod tho accident and .examined tho tran immediately after wards. H . found that tho engine had been reverie I, and tho air-brake turned on. but thnt the brako block-« on one of tho carriages were hanging loose from the whocle. This witness was still under examination when tho Court adjourned. THE Executive Committee of the Bulli Relief Fund held their 14th meeting in the Town Hall yesterday. The Hon. J. Macintosh, M.L.C., was in the chair, and the follow[i]ng members were present :—The Hon. G. A. Lloyd, M.L.C., Aldermen Meeks, J. H[.] Beale (Mayor of Darlington), R. W. Hardie (Mayor of Burwood), W. J. Poulter (Mayor of Wollongong) and Messrs. Knapp and Hami[l]ton (honorary secre- taries). On the motion of Alderman Beale, a resolution carried at a previous meeting, and recommending to the general committee that £20 in cash should be given to each widow, and an annuity of £20 for life purchased for her, was rescinded. Alderman Beale confessed that they had acted precipitately in adopting that resolution, and the best they could now do was to rescind it. A great deal of discussion followed as to the most effectual method of affording relief, and the form and extent of such relief, keeping in view the danger of a widowed woman in possession of a lump sum of money falling a prey to unscrupulous men. The chairman reminded the committee that £20 a year was a very large annuity—larger, perhaps, than any which had been to his knowledge granted in connection with any scheme of public charity—and the amount had been fixed after full consideration. Mr. Lloyd was in favour of rescinding the resolution, and followed on the lines indicated by Alderman Beale. The resolu- tion having been rescinded, a resolution was adopted appointing the chairman, the Hon. G. A. Lloyd, Aldermen Meeks and Poulter, and Mr. Fry, to draw up a report, to be presented at their meeting next Monday fortnight, as to the best means of dis- tributing the money subscribed amongst the Bulli sufferers. Amongst the correspondence which was then dealt with was a letter from Mr. R. P. House, of Wallsend, enclosing a cheque for £108 18s., being the amount collected in aid of the fund in the boroughs of Wallsend and Plattsburg. After transacting routine business, the meeting separated. Nu*cBOcs applications are oootinnolly being made to tho Harbours and Rivers Department by porsons desirous of obtaining employment. Tho Department desire it to be distinctly understood that no new moa | can bo taken on, and any vacancies that occur are filled. ' as far as possible, by a re-arrangoment of existing | I A PRSLiursABY meeting waa held lost evening, in tho Sydner Mechanics'School of Axt«, under tho autho- rity of tho committee of that institution, for the pur- pose of forming a Natural History Association, for tho particular benoit of the young people of this colony. Ur. James Dalgsmo (president af tho school of Arte) was voted to tho chair, and the business of tho evening consisted in approving of rules, whioh will be formally laid before the School of Arts coinraitieo at their next meeting, after which ic is proposed to coll a meeting in the largo hall of the instituto of thOJO wishing to join the association. Tho object of tho association is to form local clubs all ovor the colony of young people, and te interest them in tho collection, preserva- tion, and aystema ia classification oí sped mona in all bran ob &i; of natural history. Tho following) gentlemen have already si-mifien tho r approval of tho movoment, and have offered to- aaaist, in their special lines of study, tho young naturalists of the association:-Dr. Georgo Bennett, F.U.S., Dr. Ramnar, F.R.S. (curator of Sydney Museum). Rev. Dr. Woolie, F.L.S., Kev. T. Y. Alain, Professor Stephens, Messrs. G. Fletchor (secre- tary Linnean Society], Georgo Masters (aurator Macleay ! Museum), John Brazier (Sydney Museum), J- Douglas Ogilby (Sydney Mnaeum), J. H. Maiden. F.R.G.S. (curator Technological Muapura), E. Ilaviland, F.L.S., F, Wright (lecturer on chomistry Technical College), T. Wbitelcgge (Naturalist), J. G. Griffin, O.E.; H. Pollock, B.A. (saareiory Teohni cal College).; Richard Doyle, Gas Company ; H. Dcano. H. W. Quodling (Railway Department), Jos. DoJcarno (president School of Arta), W. 0. Roawiok. II. A."Pod mow (aocretary School of Arts), F. Bovill (master of Royston Collego), nnd Cyril Havilond. Kvory facility will ba offered to mambsrs of th© assMinlioi, and it is hoped that not only will tho rising generation ba led to study tho natural history of tho colony, bat that in coming years thoy may become useful mombora of I the higher socioliei-tho Royal and Linuean Societies of Now South Waleo. ly another column will bo found a report of tho proceedings at tho annual moating of the Institute of I Arohitocts in Now South Wei ne, which took placo yes- terday afternoon. Tho annual dinner was held nt Ounslor's Cato last evening, the president of tho insti 1 tute, Mr. Thomas Rowe, F.IM.B.À., hoing in tho chair. About 40 gentlemen wcro prosont, and tho reunion proved oxooudin^Iy enjoyable. -*A MEKTmo ot tho Balmain Protection Association wes hold last ovening st the Balmain town hall, the president (bis Worship lbs Mayor, Mr. W. Burns, J.P.) in the chair. Thara was* a good ropresontntivo attend- ance. Since la«t meeting 14 now members had en- rolled themselves. Tho desirability of tondiug dele- gates to the Protcclion Oounoil was discuued, but the matter was left over until the next meeting. It was dad dod that nt all ordinary meetings, after tho proper business of tho eronlng had b*en' con* duded, a subject should be brought forward for. debate, ond thnt tho free trade doctors of Balmain be cordially invited by advertise* mont to attend. In answor to a quoation, the hon. | secretory, Mr. John II Kathome, stating that cinco the formation of '* a association thor had euro'led over 100 working moraben, and have th« sympathy of some thousands of tho «lectora of Bat I' main and Leichhardt, and reit that at the next olectioa ' protectionists would bo returned br a lanie majority ; also, that tho association had hold twa most successful anti crowdk.'d public mooting, had also sont an ln j fluóíitial deputation io the Premer, and was frte of ' debt Tho hon. secretary considered this most satis- factory for 1U weoks' work, A ytrrixo of members of the New South Wales Trodes and Latour Counoi! wa« bold last ni/ht. Many . mutters of detail wero dùciuied, among tho more im i portant ' of which was tho question of tho disposal of the Bulli Colliery Disaster Belief Fund. The action of Messrs. O. A. Lloyd. M.L.O., J. Macintosh, M.L.O., and Alderman Meoks, who had interviewed certain of tho widows of the debased minors, with a view to inducing them to abstain from in.tinting legal action*, was strongly condemned ; and it was resolved that tho attention of the Minister for Mines should bu formally directed to tho matter. TUE final me-ti nj of tho committeo who carried oat tho reoon' Kriondly Societies' Demonstration at Parra rnnttn ia honour of the Queen's Jubilee was bold at tho FrlondW Societies' Hall on Wednesday evening. Mr. G. Moitimoro pres.dod. A balance-sheet wai Bub- j mitted »howing that tho total re oipts amounted to I £U5 Ss, 6d, and tho expenditure te £01 10a ld., leaving a credit balance of £1 13s. 6d. This amount it was decided to hand over to thc Union (junior) band, who gave their BIT vi eos srotuitously at tho demonstra- tion. Voles of than)** were accor.led hy acclamation to tho chairman, secretaries, aub-comrr ilt-oi. donn», Mr. H. Taylor, M.L.A., park trust, preta, and la'lie-t and gontlumen who bud assisted to make tho démonstration a success, anti thû commutée thon dissolved. Mr. A. J. TBEACT writes to say that it appears tho Ko-ornh Council ara drifting into a somewhat un work ab e conditon, aa ie shown by tho fact that during tho litst six months no fewer (han seven m-etings Jap-ed foi' want of a quorum. Ho 6uggo*ta that the rato pnyi rs shou'd hold a meeting: and.cull upon the al ter- ni on who neg'ect ihrir dutit-i to resign and make room forothers who will do their duty. " HAPPT Meenrir " writes ia respect to a lotter, signed " Handel's Ghost," which was published in n n-cent isms of tho Herald, to state that what was designated "a scratch band of tho ship's company," is one of tho best bands in tho Gorman navy. Ai for p'aying out of tuno, ho thinks that hi* phoatship's bearing bei beon impaired, for. knowing what he does (of tho band and its conductor, he believes that if a bnnd contest were hold here the band of the Naval Brigade would hoU its own agninsL all-comers. A BEMAHKABX.T good oxample of crayon workman ship, úi b sA-k and whito, wa« displayed bj Messrs, Cal an and Son, picture ramers, ye^lorday, ia tbs window of Messrs. Corbett and Huenorbeia, Goorge strcet. It is o bast portrait, life- size, of Mr. Critchett Walker, Priucip»! Under-secretary, and was drawn bj Mr. J. A. Bennett, artist Tbo portrait is a speaking Ii Lencas of Mr. Walker, andie beautifully finished. A DEPUTATION of tho oxocntivo officers of the Loyal Orango Institution of Now South Waba, introduced by tho Con. F. Abigail and Mr. Leo«, Ma.UA., waited apon his Excoi>noy tho Governor yesterday with sn addrrtss of congratulât ¡on to the Queen on the attainment of the .Tubiloo year of her re gn. The address, beautifully i luminoted, wai executed in the pstabltribm'-nt of Messrs. Sands and Co., and contain? anpropruvo oxpreisions of loyalty to tho throne and pi- rsjn of ttie Sovereign on tho part of tho 227 lodges nnd "¿0.000 marni er¿ whose mouthpiece it in. His Excellency said that it would bo hts pleasing duty to forward the address to hor Majesty at the earliest opp.ixu.aitj. WE learn from our Port Macquarie correspondent that on Tuesday, at tho Camden Havan Police Oourt, before tho Police Magistrate (I,i« sol.) and Messrs. Laurie and Boss, a man was charged with illegally branding a bullock. Mr. Sub- inspo-tor Baker prosecuted, and Hr. CaHlei appeared ss solicitor for the defonduat Thora wem about 80 people present in the court as a large amount of public interest was taken io tho case. In coasQ-iuouee of a scene which to.ik place Messrs. Laurie and lloss left the benah, and n-fuied to nt in ttie case with the pohîe magistrale. Tho sub-inspector and tho Aolicttor ropreaent-d to tho magistrates the inconvenience that would be caused by a poitponemcnt of tho caso, as there wore about 20 witnesses, some nf whom had come a distance of 60 milei, oud with some difficulty induced thvm. to resume their neats and proceed with the case. ' The result was that the cue was dismissed. Ms. WoRissPT, Superintendent of Police at Goul- burn, writes to aiy that it waa ant ho who " telegraphed to SuMnspootor Ja< Oasey that Mr. Ounsdell, formerly the corono r herd, statos thai in 1851 four sailors were suffocated bv tho charcoal fumes on hoard a ketch hero, and wore buried in the vicinity," os appears in our telegram of last Tuesday from Cobargo. YESTERDAY morning Mr. Davis, clerk in tho Com- inera! al Bank, who' Buffered severe injuries at Manly on Sunday last through falling, while in a St upon a ftro. died io ttie Sydney Hospital. At the time of the Bad accident happening, very slight hopes wore enter taiued of his reîovery. ÂT an early hour yesterday morning a labourer, naraod Phillip Smith, 40 years of age, was convoked to the Sydney Hospital by a omstnblo from the Rod fern Polie* Station, who intimated that tho patient had told "him that he had ti ken some of the composition known as " Rough on rats," as he was tired of life. Smith wsB at once placed under treatment in one of tho warda, but in the course of tho afternoon died from tho ofTect of tho poison. Tho circumstance ot tho man'e decease bas boen reported to tba Coroner. Smith had brod about six years in tho colony, and had ot late re- sided ia Cooper-street, Waterloo. YESXRRDAT afternoon a boy named Josoph Spira, 4 years of agc, was admitted to tho Sydney Hasoilal ! suffering fvom a fracture of tho left log. It was stated : by tho man who convoyed tho lad to Ihr« institution that he mat with his injury through falling down tho shaft of a sewer at Mooro Park whilo playing ia tho viciai ty of tba cutting. A MAN named Michael Berrigan, who ia employed on tho relief works at Rookwood, met with a sovore acci- dent yesterday. From what con bo gathered, it appears that a disputo arose between him and another man employed on tho workB, named Thomas Mooro. .During a scutflo both fell to the ground, and Berrigan fractured his nght log, near tho ankle. Ho was subsequently admit ed into tho Parramatta Hospital, and Mooro was nrnwled by Coustablo Emmett Tue ÁQO reports that on Tuesday last coal from a South Gippsland mino was for tho first time carried by rail to tho Molbourno market, and from this timo for- ward there is every reawn tu expect there will bo main- tained a constant and never-failing supply. Tba fact that coal oxisl* in Gippsland bas long since bean satisfactorily determined, but owing to tho inaccessible nature of tho country, and tho difficulty of sonding it to market, development has been slow and tedious. Tho recant completion of tho Narracan Valley railway, together with the construction of their own tramway, however, afforded tho directors of. the Moo Coal- mining Company tho maana of sending to Melbourne a quantity ot their coal obtained from a soaia upon which tiley bnvo boen operating for some years past. TLe occasion was thought worthy of commemoration, and accordingly tho shareholders ia tho Moo Oorupaay and tho Narracan VaUoy Company, whose properties ail j oin, visited tho looality by special train, and celebrated tho triumph of their entopriso by holding a banquet Th oro woro about 100 persons prssant, and success to both com panics waa enthusiastically pledged. Altogether in thf seven truoks despatched there were contained about SC ton* of coal At.tho pit's mouth tarro oro stacked 1000 tons more, and within a wooli or two tho oompan) expect to be ia a position to put out, if ncoeseary, ISC tons daily. Two truok-loads were attai-hed to th< special train, and brought inthut manner to Malbourni hj the visitors aa a kind of trophy. Wa bavo to noVnowlcdtro tho following contributions to warda tho fund in sui of tho widow and children of th driver Wilnon, who lost hts life in tho recent accident a Peat's Forry: from Miss F. Dinnie, throe Ruinous. It wa Mr. Thom Uadoll, not Mr. Thoa. CadoU-ai wo mention» In T>uefidAy'a issue-who «ont two guineas for thu abov object TM eur report of tho enxo of Longworth v. Wllum ani I others, tried tn tho District Court on tho 2flth Inrtant, th I annie* of tho advocates wore inadvertently reverted. Mr, 0 Wu] lune nppoued for ut plaintiff, and Mr. Hold for th defendant*. TUB Jubllse [t*gf*try Oiric« ud lloma for Fomale Ser vants, Rt 104, BliMbeth- fttrertt, whluh Hu boon enniblUhoi to provide' shelter «nd. help fer (rieridlua virtuous youn| vom« v"l **» AOMud this afternoon at 3 o'clock. 