PARCEL THE THIRD. The raft in mid-ocean,on which Messrs. Flemming, Glover, Gladstone and Miss Morice Fredericks are rocked in the cradle of the deep. The cradle rocks with such a gentle, undulating, bassinette, sleep. nducing motion that Mr. Gladstone feels tired and ants to be at rest, a want which everybody feels is one that should be supplied. He places a sacred trust, a large number of diamonds, in Herbert Flemming'scare, and, havinggiven up the substance, forthwith gives up the ghost. And still the cradle ocks on with the regular swing of a pendulum ith a good digestion. Morice, who has been asleep, wakes up and calls for water, whereupon Mr. Glover vinces as much interest as if Morice had ordered randy and water. Flemming is j ust about to irrigate is own clay with the " last drop of water," but Morice's pleading eyes, and the fact that the reports f the fearful adulteration that takes place daily in connection with that liquid have reached his ears, make him pause. His manhood and anti-teetotal rinciples triumph and he is about to hand over the uncongenial tipple to Morice when Glover chips in. He determines to have the water, and, like an ctor out of a billet, imagine the brandy. And still the raft keeps on its see-saw with the slow motion f the alleged working-man. There is a threehanded contest for the last drop of water, which results in a drawn battle, for the water gets the first fall and mingles with the canvas ocean, which is rising and falling under a tropical sun like Mr. lover's chest in a sea of stage troubles. All is lost, and Morice stands every chance of atching up with Gladstone before he has tipped haron the necessary obolus. The castaways are n despair as they gaze around and ses " Water, water everywhere"— nd a tear stands in Mr. Glover's eyes as he mentally inishes the quotation, sighing " And not a drop to drink." But, lo ! there comes "a painted ship upon a ainted ocean," and Morice is saved, saved—ha ! ha ! And the raft rocks on, and the billows rise nd fall, and Glover's breast becomes convex and oncave in alternate emotions, and when the curtain falls the raft is still rocking, the billows still rising nd the breast still convexing. 