A PRINCE OF THE BLOOD. By JAMES PAYN, Author of 'Lost Sir Massingberd,' 'By Proxy,' 'The Heir of the Ages,' &c; [Published by special arrangement with* the author. All rights »eserved.] Chapter XIII.— The Gale. I was once the only layman, in the company of a large circle of eminent doctors, who were discoursing, with that frankness which is usual to members of that calling when they get together, of the ills to which flesh is heir and of the little which science can do to mitigate them. If Nature were but left to heraelf , they said, all would be well, or at all events ever so much better. It was the nostrums ol tne tacuicy — meaning, oi course, those members of the faculty not present — which did half the mischief. I listened with amazement, regretting the amount I had disbursed to what it now appeared was of such little purpose in doctors' fees. ' I thought of the woman in the Scriptures who had spent half her substance in physicians without being bettered by them, but rather the con~ trary. When we adjourned to the smoking room I found myself by the side of one of the wisest-looking of these gentlemen, whose very face, had I called him in in extremis, would have been a comfort to me, I'm sure, before I had listened to the late general confession ; and, encouraged by his affability, I ventured to ask him privately whether thetabYof his brethren, in which I noticed he alone had not joined was to be taken literally or with a grain . of salt. ' A grain J Say rather with a bushel,' was his contemptuous reply. ' It is all very well to cry 'stinking fish' when there's nobody to hear you' (I bowed in mechanical acknowledg ment of this compliment to my per sonal importance, but he took no notice), 'but the fact is nature is by no means the alma mater which she is described to be. She is much more like a stepmother. Suppose you are struck down by illness to-morrow, there are plenty of people who will be found to tell you that the best thing to be done is l to leave things to nature,' but the simple fact is that what's she's after is just this, sir — Nature wants to kM yon.' ? This gentleman's novel view astonished me not less than that of his friend's had done ; but upon consideration it seems at least the more correct of the two. It is the fashion to speak of nature as benefi cent, but in her sublimest aspects — and it is as fair to take them as illustrative ofher character as to judge of man by his actions when he is most deeply moved — she is very far from benignant or even humane. When the elements, for example, throw off the mastery of man, and appear, as one might say, in their true colors, these are not rose color but lurid. Fire bacomes the devouring element and water the devastating flood. There is no ruth nor mercy in either of them, nor is any to be found in that which works with both with euch demoniacal and malignant force that it has been personified in Holy Writ as the Prince of the Powers of the Air. A storm at sea to those exposed to Its frantic violence, is far from being the sublime spectacle which it affords to those who behold it from terra firma ; it is only wind and wave, but it is wind and wave possessed of devils. Shore-going folks have a vague idea lhat a storm passes . from the face of the deep almost like passion from -Jfaa face of a man, t)t that at the most, « endures, like & wet day on land, for twelve hours or so. They have no conception of a struggle be tween giant forces, prolonged it may be for -weeks— an unequal contest, during which, though courage may still hold out jn that unyielding fort, the soul, physical strength relaxes and fails as the lamp of hope grows dim. It is an experience which must be undergone to be under stood. To those who have only seen her fawning at their feet on the silver sands in summer time, the tender mercies of the ctuel sea are unintelligible. It was the fate of those on board the Ganges to experience them to the utter most. From the evening when she left Simon's Bay the tempest had. not ceased to pour its fury upon her tenants for a single hour ; day and night seemed almost one to them, engulfed in the green walls of sea, or only lifted out of them to meet the descending clouds. What occurred in vision to one of the most poetic of poets, and one who was never more at home than when at sea, had become their actual experience — Tis the terror ot tempeBt. The rags of the sail Aie nickering in ribbons before the fierce gale ; The good ship seems splitting ; it creaks as a tree ?While, an earthquake is splintering its root, ere'the tta;t Of the whirlwind that stripped it of branches ispa9t. The heavy dead hulk, On the living sea rolls, an inanimate bulk. It would have been impossible on the fifth day of her troubles for a landsman to have recognised the gallant Ganges in her decrepit and shorn condition. On the second day it had become necessary to cut away the mizen-mast, and on the third the mainmast ; and yet the wreck flew before the gale more swiftly far than with all its sails set before a favoring wind. In what part of the Indian Ocean she now was no one on board could tell with certainty. It was only known that ehe had been driven hundreds of miles ont of her course, and was driving still ; more than twenty men had been swept overboard, and there was no time to mourn them ; theconEclouanessof their loss was mainly brought home to the survivors in tile increased tax upon their physical energies. There was little sleep for any man and little food. As for the cabin passengers, .they got what they could in their outstretched . hands from the steward, regular meals being out of the question. What Aunt Sophia thought of the sea now nrightbe conjectured, but ate gave no expression to her views, and if she had they would have found no .auditor. Ihe yell of the wind drowned all sounds save those which itself made ; the roar of the maddened sea, the strain iDg of the ship's timbers, or the burst ing of a sail with an explosion like the crack of doom. The horseplay of a storm at sea is like that of our roughs at home — reckless, aimless, and malignant. There was not a lucid interval In all its madness — no lull wherein the watchers, who were no longer, alas 1 the keepers of the storm-fiend, could snatch an hour's repose. Some days were not, however, so bad as others. Then the three miserable women would crawl up from their stifling cabins to the roundhouse upon deck to look upon the fate that threatened them, which seemed less horrible than the imagination of it amid the darkness and chaos below. As in the great water-floods onland,thewildestandmoBtsavageanimals will collect with the tamest upon the knolls and spurs tbat offer a temporary security, and forget the instincts of tooth and claw in their common peril, so was it with their human congeners on board the Ganges. Mr. Korbury and his daughter no longer kept aloof from Edith, and even Mr. Lay ton, without aBCowl. On the other hand, there was no attempt at reconciliation. Considering the short time which in all probability they had all to live, it was not perhaps worth their while to make any overtures of friend ship ; while to confess to having com mitted a wrong was foreign to their natures, Eleanor would sometimes make room for Edith by her side as she came staggering In to their common place of shelter, assisted by her lover ; and Mr. Norbury would welcome her with a stony smile. He was not a coward, but his helplessness and want of occupation compelled him to brood upon the past, and perhaps the future, and it is probable that neither of them were cheerful subjects of contem plation. They were folks upon their death-beds whom the doctors had given up. Mr. Norbury had once put the ques tion to the captain, ' Do you think there is any hope for us ?' and he had replied with significant brevity, 'I do not,' after which the man of business had placed a padlock on his lips. He had perhaps so much to repent of that he knew not where to begin ; or his nature, less reckless than indomitable, made him averse to ' hedge ' even on the brink of ruin. As for Edith, she took her fate for granted without asking. Most of her time was spent with Layton, and in his arms, vet not as earthly lovers. The presentiment that had oppressed her when they [left Simon's Bay had now almost been accomplished, and was shared by both of them. They might be united in the world where there was no giving in marriage, but not in this ; then? faithful ness was to be proved not in life but in death. It was the sense of what became her as a Christian woman that caused her to leave him occasionally to seek the companionship of her relatives; it gave them the opportunity of making friends with her, and at all events showed them that she, on her part, had no malice or hatred in her heart towards them. At such times Layton, having escorted her to the door of the roundhouse, would make his way as best he could to some part of the deck that offered comparative shelter and wait there till she required his services to descend. Bis presence in the same place would, he was well aware, be not only unacceptable to the others, but would arouse those very feelings of hos tility and bitterness which Edith would fain have allayed. So it was on a certain day less tempestuous than its predecessors, but with no more sun in the sky than in their hearts. As the wreck — for the ship now hardly deserved a better name — drove before the gale, a mist drove with her, through rents of which could be occasionally seen the great grey waves or dark green hollows which had so long formed their look-out. Aunt Sophia and Edith were alone hi the round-house, but it was understood that Mr. Norbury and his daughter were about to join them. Layton, as usual, en sconced himself as best he could under the lee of the weather- bulwark and near the helm. There were two men at the wheel, and Mr. Bates close to them, occa sionally issuing an order or a caution in stentorian tones. The ship still obeyed her helm, but only on great compulsion and in a half-hearted manner. It was all the helmsmen could do to keep her running before the wind in order to escape the terrific seas that were in chase of her. It was terrible to look at them; yet they had a fascination for Layton which he could not resist Each was like a great wall of water which was about to overtake and pass through the ship. When it had gone by, sweeping all that was not fast along with it, it was with a sort of dull amazement that he perceived that she still floated. There was a lifebelt hang ing over him — the last of some dozen that had been on board. He found him self wondering how it hung there like a lonely leaf hi late November which had sutvived storm and rain, and also why, for such things had long been without their use. He had lost; none of his physical powers, but, except when Edith Tras by, had become strangely apathetic, as men are wont to do who have lived for days face to face with- death. Sud denly he heard a cry from Bates, louder than usual, and beheld a mountain of green water close upon them ; the next moment he was drenched, breathless, and blinded. When he came to himself he became conscious that other hands besides his own were clinging to the same ring in the bulkhead. ' What has happened, Mr. Bates?' 'We are pooped ; the roundhouse has been swept away,' gasped hia companion. ' The roundhouse !' His eyes fell upon the vacant space which it had occu pied a moment before. ' Great heavens ! where are the ladies ?' 'Overboard,' was the ghastly re joinder. Layton snatched at the life-belt, and the next instant had leapt on the taffrail and into the sea. ' The man is mad,' murmured the other, but he leant over and sought for him with his eyes never theless. As if satisfied for the moment with the ruin it had wrought, the sea had lulled a little, and it was possible to mark the human speck for a moment or two in that ocean of foam. Something happened in that brief space known only to two human beings. Then, with a white face and a terror In his eyes which the -strife of the elements had. failed to evoke, Mr. Bates made his way below. As he did so a vision appeared painted out on the mist, and beheld only by the men at the wheel. A great ship without a rag of sail seemed to fly by them, not parallel to the Ganges, but at an angle with her. Her masts were standing, and there were men on her deck. It was in comprehensible that she should not only have survived such a gale but h?ve Buffered so little. The two spectators looked at one another in horror. ' It is the ' Flying Dutchman,' ' exclaimed one. His companion nodded and turned his quid in his cheek. ' Then that will finish us.' The prophecy was about to be fulfilled. Chapter XIV.— Mr. Bates's News. It was with some difficulty, notwith standing his familiarity with the route and his excellent sea legs, that Mr. Bates found his way to the cuddy. The deck, for reasons of his own, quite unconnected with the state of affairs there, was just now distasteful to him ; and besides, hehad news to tell somebody. It may seem strange that under such conditions of peril it should have been so. To a hinds man, under the same circumstances, the state of the vessel would have been the sole subject of interest, and the only news worth speaking of a change in the weather. But to a sailor, his ship is his home even when she has become a wreck, and life until she sinks, goes on there for him with its aims and motives much as usual. In times even that look desperate he does not defer things of importance till he gets to dry land and can consider matters, but grasps the skirts of happy chance as they sweep by and looks to the main one. Mr. Bateis's errand was to Mr. Nor bury, at whose cabin door he knocked in a manner in which vehemence and caution were strangely mixed. It opened of ccurse from the cuddy, which was vacant. No meal had been served there for many a day ; the broad bare table looked dark and cheerless ; the place itself, from which every article of movable furniture had long been removed, or been broken where it stood, most dismal. There was little fear of interruption or of eaves droppers ; but it was necessary to beat at the door with violence to overcome the tumult that reigned everywhere, and as he did so Mr. Bates kept an eye over his shoulder. The door was locked, but that did not necessarily imply that the tenant was within. It was Mr. Norbury's habit to leck his door when he was absent. On the other hand, if elsewhere, where could he be ? He was certainly not on deck, and could not therefore have been a witness to the catastrophe that had just occurred there. : ' Mr. Norbury,' shouted the third mate through the key hole ; then, ' Norbniy, Norbury.' His voice thus reiterating the other's name in that solitary place had a grue some sound, like that raised by one who, half superstitious and half sceptical, utters his own name in the dead of night alone, with the idea of rousing his familiar spirit. 'Norbury, Norbury, let me in ; I have great and terrible news for you.' 'What news?' Mr. Bates started and turned round, then uttered a shrill cry of terror, and staggered against the cabin door. Close behind him, clinging to the table with Norbury, pale as the ghost he deemed her to be, her long hair streaming down her both hands and peering over it, was Edith neck, her eyes fixed on his own with agonised enquiry, 'You have terrible news, you say. What is It ? My uncle is not in his cabin ; he is in the round house.' The sweat broke out upon Mr. Bates'a forehead. If this woman was really alive and was speaking truth, he had been call ing on a dead man, and with what a pur pose ! He had been striving to inform a spirit already in hell (for so the position occurred to him) that the girl whom he hated, and the man whom he feared and had tried to slay, were both swept from his path. The man was certainly gone, but the girl was standing before his own eyes, Gradually the true state of affairs began to dawn upon him, but it was a very different matter to tell it to the ear for which it had been first intended, and to tell it to this girl. A heart that is not to be touched by pity will sometimes be moved by the consciousness of the commission of a wrong. In Edith's presence the man trembled ; his remorse for the moment gave his voice the semblance of sympathy. ' If your uncle was in the round-house, Miss Edith, he has perished, for ib has been swept away.' ' Great heavens ! And Eleanor ?'' ' She has perished with him— 1 saw her washed overboard with my own eyes.' 'It is impossible, 'it is too horrible;' answered the girl vehemently. 'How could you have seen them perish, when you came down here to speak to my uncle ? I heard you calling to him ; you said you had terrible news for him.' It would have been difficult even for one who was more accustomed to speak the truth than the third mate to state matters as they had actually occurred. It would have been embarrassing enough to have to say, 'When I witnessed the catastrophe which has occurred to your cousin I took her for you; it was the tidings of your death which I was about to communicate to Mr. Norbury,' not, as it had seemed, with a superfluity of emotion. Bat un happily there was so much more to say. ' I have told you the simple fact, Miss Edith; I saw the round-house swept away with your cousin, but I did not know Mr. Norbury was within it. No, it is useless for you to go on deck.' He seized her wrist as she was staggering towards the companion-ladder and de tained her by main force. 'I will not permit you to do it; it would be dan gerous in the last degree. There is no one there save those whom duty compels to be.' ' Mr. Layton is there, I know.' 'Notttow.' He uttered the words with an inten tional significance, yet without meaning to be brutal ; it was easier to hint curtly at what had happened than to explain it in set terms of any kind. 'Not note/ What, in heaven's name do you mean V she gasped. ' Where is he?' Mr. Bates was silent. It was a ques tion, no doubt, very hard to answer ; but to tiie girl's searching and suspicious glance there seemed something more than embarrassment in his face. 'What have you done with them?' she exclaimed with a fierce light hi her eyes, seizing the officer by his loose sailor neckerchief. 'Murderer! murderer Help ! assistance !' A door opened behind them, and Aunt Sophia tottered out of her cabin. 'Merciful heaven!' 3he cried, ' what has happened?' Then perceiving Edith engaged in a frantic struggle with she knew not whom, she swelled with her feeble voice the girl's cries for help. Mr. Ainsworth and Lewis Conolly appeared simultaneously — the former from his cabin, the latter flying down the companion-ladder like a ball, but alighting on his feet. At the. sight of them Edith released her hold of the third mate. 'What is tie matter?' enquired the clergyman anxiously ? ' You may well ask I'3 panted Mr. Bates. With one hand clinging to the table, Edith pointed to him with the other. ' That man is a murderer !' she gasped ; 'he has murdered my Charley !' The midshipman flew at his throat like a bull- pup, while Bates struck at him furiously. The paralysis which had seemed to seize him while in Edith's hands disappeared in the case of this new assailant. Mr. Ainsworth. threw himself between the two unequal com batants with a vigor wholly unexpected, and separated them by main force. 'Shame upon you, to call yourselves Christian men, 'he exclaimed reprovingly, 'and thus to fight upon the brink of the grave ! Now, Mr. Bates, explain yonrself.' ' I have noting to explain — the matter does not concern me at all,' answered the third mate sullenly, ' bat I had some bad news to tell, and this young lady has con fused the bearer of it with its cause.' ' That man has murdered my Charley !' reiterated Edith. Her body quivered and trembled as much with excitement as with the rolling and pitching of the ship, but the outstretched arm with which ehe denounced her enemy was stiff as steel. 'There must be some mistake, Miss Edith,' murmured the clergyman sooth ingly. ' Mr. Layton was alive and well 10 minutes ago, when Mr. Conolly and I brought you two ladies from the round house.'' ' It is true enough, however, that he is dead,' said the third mate curtly. ' But as to my having murdered him, as the young lady says, it is she, if anybody, who has done it.' ' What does the man mean — he must be mad 2' exclaimed Mr. Ainsworth. ' Well, this is how it happened. Mr. Layton and I were near the wheel when the wave came that pooped us. The round-house was swept away, and with it, as we both thought, Miss Edith yonder. Mr. Layton seeing her go overboard (though I suppose it was Miss Eleanor) jumped on to the taffrail and leapt into the sea after her. That's the simple fact, and I don't see how I could have stopped him, or how it was my fault.' 'Mr. Bates is right so far, my dear young lady,' said the clergyman tenderly. It behoves us, no matter how heavy may be our bereavement, to be just ; if our dear brother has been taken from us, we may be sure if in the realms of bliss his soul could be troubled by anything it would be so by an accusation made on his account against an innocent man.' ♦'What need had I to hurt him,' mut tered the third mate, ' even if I had a wish to do it ? I suppose such a sea as this is enough to drown any one without hitting him over the head.' Mr. Ainsworth threw a searching glance on the speaker vhich seemed to say, 'This man doth protest too much,' but his attention was suddenly called to Edith, who would have fallen to the ground had not the young midshipman caught her in his arms. The blood had left her face, her eyes were closed, her limbs were rigid. 'Hold her,' he cried excitedly, 'while I run for Mr. Doyle.' 'No,' exclaimed Aunt Sophia in an unwonted tone of authority. 'Bring her into her cabin and leave her with me.' Her woman's eyes perceived that her neice had only fainted, her woman's heart recognised at once that the presence of anyone of whose sympathy the girl was not assured would on her coming to herself be most painful to her ; she would be ia the lotflgt depths Of distress and dsspsic in any ease, and if her grief should not have way it might even be fatal to her. Under Aunt Sophia's guidance Mr. Ains worth and the young midshipman carried her tenderly into her cabin and placed her upon the narrow bed. It seemed like laying the poor girl's corpse In her coffin. The third mate remained outside, irreso lute and disconcerted. Nothing had turned out as he had expected. There was no need for his remaining in the cuddy, yet he hesitated to go on deck, where his duties called him. Presently the cabin door opened, and the two men came out. Conolly slowly made his way up the companion, without even looking at Mr. Bates. His step had lost its spring, his young heart was heavy within him for Edith's sake. Mr. Ainsworth addressed the third mate in the tone of a judge who cross-, examines a witness — ' Ion say that Mr. Layton jumped overboard 2 Did you sea him afterwards 2' 'How could I?' was the sulky re sponse. ' 1 mean, did you see him sink, sir ?' ' Well, no, he had a life-belt on him, but I saw him drown.' ' A life-belt ! How was that ?' ' I suppose he thought that It might keep him up a bit. If he had been a sailor he would have known better; in such a sea it would only prolong his fate.' ' Well, you have brought bad news to that innocent girl — news that will wreck her life, if it is Heaven's will that she or any of us should live to remember thi3 day. Let me ask you to make amends foe it in some small degree. Do not tell her that Mr. Layton had a life-belt.' B i ' Very good ; though there would have been no harm, I should have thought, in her believing that he jumped overboard after her.' 'It is not that, sir,' answered Mr. Ainsworth angrily. ? ' Can you not under stand that it was for her, and not for him self, that the brave fellow took that poor precaution ? What I am afraid of is that in her ignorance of such matters she might still think that there Is hope for him, and not face the miserable fact at once.' 'Hope! How can there be hope for him, when I saw him — at least as good as saw him— drown with my own eye3 ? How could a man live for five minutes in such a turmoil f 'Of course not — It is impossible,' sighed Mr. Ainsworth to himself. ' Heaven give her strength to bear her burthen !' A midshipman looking like a drowned mouse came running down the companion. 'You are wanted on deck Mr. Bates,'' ha cried with more excitement than respect. Then, perceiving the clergyman, he added cheerfully, 'The clouds are lifting and the gale has abated, sir. There is hope for us still, Mr. Maraton thinks.' 'Thanks, my lad.' Mr. Ainsworbh smiled and nodded gravely. ' That will be hardly good news to this poor girl. It would be better, perhaps, for her if she never woke to life again. God alone knows, however, what it the best for us.' Chapter XV. — The Weeck. Between Nature and human nature there are many analogies. The seasons have in particular been largely drawn upon by poets and divines to illustrate the vicissitudes of our own existence. As the earth. has its winter, we are told, so has the human heart, and it will, if it waits long enough, find its springtime. But nature can always wait, which man cannot do, and during the process she suffera nothing. , ? In a dresr-nighted December : Too happy, happy tree, Thy branches ne'er remember Their green felicity, The frost cannot undo them, With its sleety wh'stle through them, Nor the cold north wind prevent them from buddiag at their prime. But we, alas ! in our wintertime do remember, and 'a sorrow's crown of sorrow is remembering happier things.' If only we could be torpid till ' the cold north winds' — the aching voids, the bitter and fruitless regrets — had blown over, life would be very different from what It is. When some poor woman, delicate and defenceless, but whom fate, alas ! deals no more mercifully with on that account, is suddenly struck down by its brutal hand, and after a little while of unconsciousness v?akea to life and her new and painful burden, we call it coming to herself again, whereas, in fact, she is her self no longer. Though life Is left to her, the light of it has been taken away, and henceforward Bhe gropes her way in a world that has been made dark to her. It is the usual fashion of mankind to speak of the greatest sorrow that can happen to a woman — the loss of a long loved husband — as Listing but a year and a day ; well would it be for many a widow if thlB were true. There are thousands who never survive it, and if they smile, smile only for their children'3 sake. We know infinitely less of the sorrows of our fellow-creatures than of their pleasures, and are impelled by various motives to ignore them, the meanest and most grovelling being the notion that in underrating human woe we are paying court to that Supreme Being who, for some doubtless wise but inex plicable reason, permits its existence. As, however, in the administration of the knout in Russia the executioner will sometimes defeat his own object and the law's by a too brutual stroke, so fate in its blind fury will sometimes kill outright, or numb, where it had meant to only maim, and this latter mistake it com mitted in Edith Norbury's case. Days passed away after the fact of her lover's death had been communicated to her before the full capacity for pain returned to her. The shock of the news fell on her like a blow from a bludgeon and stunned her. Now and then she would awake from a sleep which seemed akin to deathand murmur, 'Dead, dead!' or some times 'Drowned, drowned !'and then re lapse into unconsciousness. Aunt Sophia never left her side, and tended her with unremitting gentleness. To her, perhaps, this melancholy occupation was not with out its advantages— it prevented her from dwelling on her own troubles, or on the perils which surrounded her. For neither ; her brother nor her niece Eleanor was it possible that she could have entertained a genuine affection. She had for years loyally shut her eyes to their real character, but circumstances had of late compelled her to behold them, not, indeed, as they really were, but in a very unfavorable light. She was obliged to acknowledge to heraelf that the one was harsh and hard, and the other malignant. There had been a time when Eleanor had been disposed to regard Charles Layton with something more than favor, and since he had declared his lova for another she had done her best to thwart him, and had spoken of him with the most relentless and bitter rancour Still those she had lost were her near and - almost only relatives, and Aunt Sophia's was one of those conventional natures with whom the ties of blood count for very much, independently of the worth or merits of her belongings. The shocking and sudden manner of their 'taking off' affected her also extremely, and but for her thoughts being so much monopolised by her unhappy charge, they would naturally have dwelt upon it. The catastrophe which had befallen Mr. Layton, who had always been a favorite of hers, was most de plorable, though she felt it more deeply upon her niece's account than on her own. Henceforward all the affection of her credulous but honest nature was concen trated- upon Edith. As to the danger which . threatened them, and to which she had been hitherto keenly sensitive, she lost sight of in the spectacle of the poor girl's misery. Moreover, though, the outlook was still very serious, the gale had at length given -signs of weaiines3, t'aa A.I -wind bad greatly, moderated, and the waves had drank to little above thus1 normal size. Suck an incident a* that ' which had deprived her of her relatives, and swept off the very place of shelter in which they sataswiihaknife, couldhaxdly be imagined as one watched those hurry ing but diminished crests. (To be continued.) 