THE POET AUGU The Yanyorrie Ghost. (1'BOM OUII WILSON COBBESPONEENT). just now ther^isquite a sensation about ceriiiiti ponn-lf. knockings, footsteps. , that have been hoard from time to time ;it Mr Handorf'e farm house, situate ) on tl e Boolcunda creek about 15 miles to the west of tbe old Yanyarrie eating-house, not far from tbe road going from Cradock to Moockra. Several reports have been circulated as to the place being haunted, tliat a man was drowned some years ago near the house, and so forth ; all of which are sufficiently sensational to gather groups of eager listeners whenever any one claims to know anything about tbe ghost. I have beard Beveral versions, but choose to give Mr M 's report after his return from the spot when I interviewed him as follows :— " You were down to Moockra, on a gboBt expedition laBt night I believe, Mr M ?" " Yes, we went down last evening, Messrs Hayward and Graham, and myself. We reached Mr Handorfa just before nine o'clock—we had great difficulty in finding the place; having looked after our horses we found our way into the house, which is at present occupied by two young lads, who do not seem to bo in any way alarmed by the repeated knockings of tho ghost. The house is what, is called wattle and dabpines lathed up and plastered ; the partition is of galvanized iron* The lights were put out shortly after our arrival, and we had not long to wait, before I beard sounds as of footsteps, and yet not like the sound of steps, but a peculiar pad, pad, which came from the chimnoy corner, and knocks." " Were'nt you afraid Mr M. ?" " Well, yes, 1 felt a kind of pricking sensation up the back that I could not help. We asked the ghost what was the matter that it kept knocking night after night, but no answer came. The boys furnished us with a code of signalling that had been used for some time past, and by this means we asked the ghost if it meant to hurt any one, and it replied by knocking twice (two knocks signified "no," and three "yes"). Hay ward and Graham went outside, but saw nothing ; then I heard the sound outside the chimney corner, whilethose outsidesaid the sounds were inside ; I disputed this, and changed places with them, but the Bounds from outside certainly seemed to he inside, and to those inside they seemed to be outside. Then the knocking would shift about, sometimes in one corner, sometimes another, shifting about very qnickly. We then asked if it had been a bullock driver, and it replied with three knocks, " yes." " How long ?" Eight knocks. "How old are you?" Five taps were given, but we could not swallow a bullock driver of eigbt years standing being only five years old—t- e discrepancy was rather awkward. We next asked how far was it to Cradock, and 17 knocks were given—to Carrieton 15 knocks. This was correct in miles, and re-assured us somewhat; but not being satisfied about the knocking around the walls, we asked the ghost to knock at the door, which at this time was opvn,I standing along side. The sounds were repeated on the doot as asked for." " I suppose that by this time Mr M. you had got used to the knocking ?" " Well, yes, we had, and the nervousness had worn off, but I must confess that the knocking at the door made me feel queer, it was too obliging. I can face anything I can see, and I went fully prepared for any contingency, and bad I seen a ghost that had any form or shape at all I would have shot at it; but this dealing with the unseen I don't care about it." "Did you take care that those boys were not making a fool of you ?" "That was what I had hoped to win on. I thought the boys might be up to some tricks ; but we kept an eye on them, and were satisfied that tbey had nothing to do with the noises. " In fact they could not, for the knocking, which first commences at the corner of the chimney, can be repeated anywhere you like, and when close to your ear sounds as if it was in the pines or in the door. We asked it to knock harder, and it shook the walls ; we looked afterwards to see if th- re was any effect on the wall from the shaking, but there was no percepdiffi-Tence/' " Do you think there was any possible chance of your being deceived ?" " No, tbe thing was real enough, and there was nobody about the place that we could see. It ia bare around the house, and the Boolcunda Creek is close by, a few yards at the back ; there are three water holes in the creek close to the place, and I may say that the first sound we heard was as if a Btone hal been dropt into the waterhole. There was a splash-like sound, and then a few successive splashes, and then the knocking at tbe chimney. Really, it iB a puzzle." " Have you given up the idea of finding a solution of this invisible something ?" " No, I purpose going down again some evening soon, when Mr Handorf is at home and the little girl—she seems to be the object of this nocturnal visitor's attention It appears that her mother died recently, and the Handorfs are keeping her About six weeks ago the knocking commenced close to where the girl 6at, and ever since at intervals, of an evening up to ten o'clock these knockings are to be heard near tbe child. If she shifts from one place to another tbe knockings follow. They have taken the child to Quorn for a few days to see if the ghost will follow, and I am apxious to hear the result and to test the rapping in thecbilds presence. I won't give it up yet; I don't like to give a thing like this best." " You did not 6ay Mr M. how long the sounds lasted, and how you spent the night ?" "The knocking commenced about half-past nine, and lasted till 10 o'clock or a little after. It was quiet then, and we chatted over the matter and compared notes and sensations and laughed at our folly in being a bit scared. Just before two in the morning Graham rolled him self up and went to sleep ; the boys had been asleep apparently for a long time th sy went to bed during tbe first seance Hayward and I made up our beds on the flag floor, and were just turning in when Hayward said it waB 6 minutes past two He said to Graham, WIJO was snoring heavily, " For God's sake Graham, stop those musical sounds." He did Btop, and then tbe knocking recommenced and con tinued till about 3 a.m.; this was unex pected, as the boys said the ghost never returned alter 10 p.m. We were not too delighted with the ghostly compli- ment but lay quiet till morning." " I suppose you would rather be hunting Logic than this ghost?" " Yes a darned sight rather." N.S. Wales is still undecided as to what sort of a centennial spree it shall indulge in when the time comes for proposing that patriotic toast, " The day we were lagged." Sir 'Enery Parkes is engaged in evolving from his inner consciousness (with external assistance) a Biil for the suppression of sweeps and race "consultations" in N.S. Wales. The Crystal Brookites back up the Commissioner of Lands, in his action in jumping on C. C. Kingston, bullying a deputation, ucpuiMi™, and -— insisting — n on -- piece work I wages on the Ninety Mile Desert wattle plantation clearings. 