LOCAL NEWS A CURIOUS topic of conversation duriug the last few evenings bas been tbe ap pearance of an alleged ghost in Marybo rough, which in its midnight excursions has succeeded iu startling a number of people, and in one case we are informed a ynunir man has been confined to his bed from the effects of the fright, while the superstitious are engaged in retailing the affair in the highly colored versions of their morbid imaginations, or listening credulously to such flimsy and ridiculous narratives, the more sensible folk have been wondering who the per son could b9 who would make such a fool of himself or herself. On Saturday night several gangs of younir men lay iu ambush, near where the ghost had lieen previously seen, to make an example of the culprit should they have caught him, hut they were unsuccessful. It should not be forgotten that anyoGe playing the part of a ghost is fully entitled to be clubbed on the head by anyone who likes. The booby in the present case should uote this fact. Turn public willhardly need any remind ing of the fact that next Saturday is Hospital Saturday, when a special effort, will be made to gather in funds from all quarters for the benefit of the Institution. The occasion is one when large aod small divers will have special opportuni ties of making a donation towards au establishment from which the public demands so much and in which as a whole the public has such pride. We trust that the hank account of the Mary boroueh Hospital will be much improved by Saturday's harvest. The decidedly unsettled state of the weather calls for notice. The tempera ture has recently increased with the re sult that yesterday a slight storm from the H.W. pa=sed over the town, and a much heavier one passed to the norlh wards. No nouht thunderstorms will be of very frequent occurrence dnrine tbe coming months The rainfall during the week in Maryborough has, however, been light, but in the Upper Burnett and western districts there have been tre mendous downpours. The select Parliamentary committee appointed to inquire into the Corser and Co. railway arbitration case, in which Mr. Thompson, tb6 Government railway arbitrator, awarded the plaintiff1 £'273 12s. 6d., has finished its labours, and re commended that Mr. Corser receive £2359 including the former award. Mr. Corser pays costs. Mil Campbell, tbe Temperance lec turer, delivered his final address iu the Town Hull ou Saturday before a irood audience. Mr. J. C. Craig occupied the chair, and throughout the even ins the rem irks of tbe speaker were listened to with much interest, and frequently applauded. At tbe Police Court on Saturday before R. A, Ranking, E=q., P.M., Alfred Smith and George Muirbead for absconding from tbe hired service of James Stewart and Rockbampton, were remanded till Wednesday morning for the produc tion of the warrant. The sittings of tbe Maryborough Cir cuit Court open on Thursday next, before Mr. Justice Mein, when the following cases will be dealt with G. W. Hughes, for indecent assault on a little girl, and Robert Weise, for shooting with iuteut. The roster of magistrates for tiie pre sent week is as follows : — G. F. Gataker, J H. Hnrricks, M. Hudson, M. M'Gregor and D. Clarke. It miy not be amiss to remember that ammonia in water cleanses glass aud paint much better than soap does ; that it sometimes ccst.s less to haye a badly soiled room repainted, after a moderate dose of the mop aud brush, thau it does to have it scrubbed and scoured to say nothing of the expenditure of strength ; that salt and viuegar brighten brasses as well as any more modern aud expensive notions ; that a smill bog of charcoal hung iu a rui 11 water barrel purifies it perfectly ; that plaster busts and statu ettes may lie cleaned, when it is not desired to paint tuem, by dipping them into a thick liquid starch, and dryin '. and when the dry starch is brushed off the dirt is brushed of with it ; that it is a good plan to go over the bedsteads before beginniug any of the cleaniug, as delay in these days when the sun has become strong is apt to increase the trouble there ; that it is wise to open the cam paign at the top of the house aud in the unused rooms, aud so give less confusion aud promineuce to the affair ; that, ou reachiug their breediug haunts at tbe bottom of the bouse, powdered borax mixed with a little powdered sugar and scattered about in spots, will prove cer tain death to cockroaches and to ants, and if that is not bandy a few drops of spirits of turpentine sprinkled here and there, will be as effective in the case of these nuisances as it is iu the case of moths. It bas been decided by tbe Governor in-Couucil to authorise 'the meetings of the licensing authority of Bundaherg to be held monthly iustead of quarterly as heretofore. Mr. C. F. Skyriug has been appointed a member of the licensing authority of Bundabertt, to act in respect of licenses ill tbe division of Barolin ouly. We have it ou the most reliable authority tbat a large slice of Mr. Boyle Martin's paddock at Pialba, opposite the State School, is being surveyed for sale as the Queen Estate, in 3 and 1-acre allot ments. Keep this in mind. HANdbb and SONS' Eucalypti Extraot.— Tes its eminently powerful eflects In coughs, oolds, Influenza ; the rellel Is ln-tantaneous7ln serioun cases and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds burns, scoldings, bruises, sprains, Ills the safest remedy— no swelling— no Inflammation. Lite surprising effects produced Id croap, diphtheria bronclililB, Inflammation of the lungs, swell ings, etc. , dlarrtuBR, (lysentery ; diseases ofttie kidneys aud urinary organs. In use at alt bos pltals and medical clinics ; patronise! by his Majesty tneKlue or Italy; crovfned with medal and diploma at International t£rlilb!llnn, Am sterdam Trust In this approved article and reject all others. Colonial Maladies. —The Colonists of Queensland are to be congratulated on two grounds. First, that they inhabit a land where disease, as a rule, prevails in a mild aud curable form, and secondly because the majority have ready to haud a remedy that does away with the doctor and medicine chest. This important Medicine was discovered by Mr. Richard Freeman in 1844, and named by him Cblorodyne, which medicine coutinues to maintain its supremacy all over the World as a special and specific remedy for the treatment and cure of Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholerine, Malaise, Hysteria, Pain of every kind, Nervous affections, Gout, Asthma, Consumption, Coughs, Colds and Fever. Iusist upon having 'Freeman's' only. Trade mark, au Elephant. Obtainable from all chemists and storekeepers. Wolfe's Schnapps the only cenulne brand of Schnapps in tbe world. Beware of Imitations. Mr. P. Moegan, late of Gundiah, has taken the Great Western Hotel, in Len nox-street, opposite the Railway Station, where visitors will find first-class accom modation for the moderate charge of 4s. per day. Smoke High Admiral Dark Tobacco, celebrated for its mildness and aromat-c flavor. Distinguishing trade mark : Yellow tin tag, not white tag. Best make of William Cameron, Bros.. Vir ginia, America. 