FICTION Silas Baxter's Return. (TY 0. J. PRECTON, INTIE AMERICAN MAGAZINE.) OLn man Joe Thompson was the bearer of great news. Circleville, in the mountains of Virginia, isenot reached by rail or telegraph. Old man Joe would certainly bring news, though he had only gone for salt, a far more indispensible article; and he had been across the mountain, at least as far as Rockingham. Thus it happened as Joe approached his native hamlet, leading the old grey mare, with a sack of salt slung across the saddle, that the whole populace turned out to meet and greet him. But, though assembled solely for the purpose of hearing news, these moun taineers repress all other outward show of curiosity. After the manner of our Indians, they affect a stoicism which nearly approaches stolidity. Though every soul of them feels sure that Joe has important news to com municate, no questions are asked on the subject uppermost in mind, and the old man himself volunteers no information. The silence is at last broken by Sam Baxter, a wizened, white-haired old man, whose hands are so deformed by rheumatism that they look like huge claws. '" Ole mare mighty nigh played out, ain't she, Joe P" "Yes," replies the old man, turning and scrutinising the animal critically, " the fool kicked off her right hind shoe jist 'fore we come to the divide, an' I knocked it on with a rock, but hit come off agin an she's been gitt'n' lamer 'n lamer ever since." After delivering himself of this weighty fact, Joe slowly proceeds to his "store, followed in silence by the crowd. He takes the bag off the horse and gives it to his son Jim, who, with the assistance of several men, drags it into the store. The mare is then relieved of saddle and bridle, and turned into the lot at the side of the house. By this time nearly all the people of the neighbour hood are collected in front of the store; some sitting in the porch, others mounted on the fence or idly leaning against the house. Old Job comes slowly out of the store and carelessly looks at the assembly. There ire perhaps thirty in all; half a dozen old men unfit for service in the army, two or three young men who have eluded the vigilance of the recruiting officer, ten or twelve women and a number of children of all ages. The mountain women are usually far inferior to the men. Their incessant and severe toil soon sets its impress, and oblitera tes all natural grace or beauty. Of those around Jos Thompson's porch few show traces of former comeliness. Gaunt they are, and some of them unkempt. Their faces have. been tanned by wind and sun, theirostraggling hair is loosely coiled on their necks, and there is hardly a complete set of t6eth in the whole dozen. War times have somewhat curtailed their usually scant ward robes, and their dress either consists of an old, much-worn and faded calico, or of rough, home-made-cloth, cut as economically as possible. But, totally unlike the rest of these moun tain women, was young Lucy Swisher. Tall, of a muscular though fairly rounded form, and graced with a profusion of light brown hair, as well as a very bright pair of blue eyes, Lucy was in many ways several grades above the women around her. Her father had saved a little money, and a few years before his death had sent Lucy "over the mountain " to a school; whence she had returned able to read and write, and armed with two or three of Scott's novels. From these, her only books, the girl drew her society; formed her ideas of life, of love, of the great world far, far beyond the most distant blue line of mountains. Of all the faces in the little group in front of Joe's store, Lucy's was the most eager, the most intense. Little she cared about the great struggle; she only knew that her Ivanhoe, her Guy Maunering, went with the Stonewnl Brigade more than three years ago, went with her little silver ring and a lock of her hair; went surrounded by an aureole of her romantic young love. Only scant tidings had ever come of Silas Baxter; it was rumoured that he had been wounded, then that he had been captured, but neither of these reports was believed. And now it is growing evident that Old MLan Joe cannot hold in much longer. Ho makes some comments on the high price of salt, the condition of crops in Rockingham, and other irrelevant topics; all of which is gravely received by his audience. Then, looking around, he asks for a chew of tobacco. Several twists are promptly handed to 1im. Carefully selecting the most attrac tive one of these, he bites off a huge piece and begins to masticate it violently. Then giving his trousers a hitch, he leans against one of the posts of the porch, spits with great precision at a fly, and begins ; "I reckon you all would like to know what's goin' on; well, Mondy I loff here, or was it Chusdy f" Some one in the crowd assented to the change. " Yes, you're right, Jim; it were Chusdy, an' that night I stayed with Sam Barlow at the foot of the mountin', and the nex' night with Squire Rodgers in the Gap, an' Thurs day evnin' I got to Harrisonburg ; I rode up to Jake Koiner's store and he told me to take the beast to his stable, an' I tell you the ole mare was glad to roll her tongue aroun' a year c' corn. When I come back to the store, Jake says to me, ' Joe, hev you heard the news?' ' No,' says I, 'what news?' ' Why Gon'l Lee ho'z done surrendered lmder a apple tree at Appermattix.' Boys, you could er knocked me down with a feather !" Here the orator paused to enjoy the effect produced on his audience. No sound is hqard except a few shrill exclamations from the women; no one moves; this tremendous intelligence is slowly forcing its way into their sluggish minds. Joe continues-" Yes, sir, surrendered under a apple tree, an' at Appermattix, by gosh !" His hearers by this time partially recovered from the shock, and questions are poured in from all sides: "Is the nigger free ?" "Is we goin' to be slaves like the niggers?" "Did they kill all the soldiers?" and the like. While engaged in answering as best he could all these queries, Joe looked at Lucy: " Why, Lucy, gal, what's the matter; you'se as white as a ghost. I got sumthin' fur you. Silus is a cap'cn, an' he's comin' back as soon as he kin; I seen a man what wuz with him." All eyes were turned upon the poor girl, and she, bursting into tears, throw her apron over her head and ran away. But after her excitement had subsided a 'little, a strong feeling of exultation came over her. The downfall of the Southern Confederacy is not in her thoughts; they are filled with pictures of her soldier love. How handsome he must look in his uniform; how grand it is to be a captain. She wondered if he would have a plume in his cap, and how long a sword he would wear. The next few days were spent in anxioas waiting by the people of Circleville; none of the soldiers had yet returned, although Joe's news had been confirmed by the two cattle men. Long years before, 12 men had gone out from the hamlet, with their best home-spun clothes on, and their haversack's full of pro visions; but none had ever come back to tell of the fortunes of war. Now, since every thing was over, the anxiety of those at home was more than doubled. On the third day, Lucy, whose impatience had been hourly in creasing, indulged herself in a long stroll. Wandering listlessly along the road, she came to the summit of the mountain, and throwing herself down on a large boulder which was softly carpeted with moss, gave full rein to her romantic imagination. The place itself is certainly conducive of the airiest flights of fancy. Far below lies the green little valley, about half a mile across in its widest part, and tapering to a point which enters wedge like between two mountains. Through it runs a small stream, which glitters where the sun touches it, like a silver thread. On one side rises Middle Mountain, regular in its out line and heavily wooded; near its top stands out the white front of a limestone cliff, look ing like a monument to some departed giant; on the other side is Rough Mountain, having at its base a perpendicular wall of rock more than a hundred feet in height; above that a belt of stunted oak and pine, and higher up vast masses of stone, now piled like gigantic masonry, now tumbled in the wildest confusion. Bear hunters were the only members of the little community who ever ventured up these little stooeeps. Many wild stories were told of their experiences. When the whole mountain was one mass of ice, the hunters tracked the animals to their dens and waited, nearly frozen, for them to come out; for the bear of this region, in spite of his terror, must get a meal now and then in winter. Tihe young girl lay on the mossy boulder, with her face to the sky. Far above a hawk was slowly circling out of sight. Everything was quiet and solemn; the great clouds floated across from peak to peak, and she wondered if ships looked like them. The silence was broken only by the shrill chirp of the ground-squirrel or the distant drumming of a pheasant. How long ago, it seemed to her, that summer evening when Silas Baxter and she walked up the mountain road and sat on the old seat. How full of enthusiasm he was; how eager to win fame and become a great soldier; how handsome he looked when lhe kissed her and told her to meet him at the same place when ho came back; how-and the long lashes rested gently on the brown check, and the mountain changed to the tourney, and Prince Charming in his shining mail was bearing all before him, and her sleeve was across his helmet ! Up the other side of the mountain a man was toiling wearily along. He was, at least, a camp-follower of one of the armies, for what remained of his left sleeve was empty. His hair was long and matted, and fell down on his shoulders; a bristly, rough beard covered his face; his eyes were bloodshot and watery. He wore a greasy slouch hat, a dirty grey shirt, through the holes of which could be seen a brown, hairy chest. Around his waist was a broad leather belt, from either side of which hung a large pistol in a holster. A pair of trousers fringed with tatters reached little below the knee, showing the bare legs which had been badly scratched by the brush, and were smeared with blood. His costume was completed by a pair of shoes patched in many places and held together here and there by pieces of string. The man was much exhausted, and leaned heavily on a stick he carried. As he came near the mountain's top he began to look about him eagerly; as if seeking a place to spend the night. Finally he reached the summit, and shading his eyes with his hands gazed down into the valley. Suddenly his glance fell on the sleeping girl. Dropping his stick he ran to where she was lying, and leaned over her until the dirty unshorn face nearly touched the soft brown cheek. Lucy must have been dreaming a very happy dream, for her lips were parted in a mile. All at once, as if conscious of this hideous intrusion, the long lashes were quickly raised, and for a second the blue eyes stared at the rough face so close to her. Then with a shriek she sprang to her feet, her face blanched, her eyes wild, too terrified to move. The man, too, had started back a few steps, but recovering himself he stretched , ,,, his ann arm. and said in a low. broken. questioning voice, "Lucy, you ain't forgot me P" For an instant she looked at him, and then gasped out, "Who are you?" But before he could answer, the terrible truth had come to her; her bright dream i flashed by mockingly. This wretched crea ture was her soldier lover ! With a sharp cry of inward pain she sprang away, and be fore Silas could move she was out of his sight. It was night when she reached home, and telling her aunt, with whom she lived, that she had a headache (the usual synonym for a girl's heartache), she went to her little room and sobbed herself to sleep. The next day the little hamlet was stirred by the arrival of the soldier boys, All were accounted for as dead or home again, except I Silas; there was no little wonder as to what had become of him, for he had started before 1 the rest and they had heard of lim along the I road. Then for days afterwards came thick and fast each man's story of his adventures. The whole history of the war, so far as these i men were personally concerned in it, was re lated over and over again, and upon no indi- t vidual was a higher meed of praise bestowed 1 than upon Silas Baxter. He had been pro- 1 meted rapidly for bravery on the field, and I had risen to the title of colonel, not captain as Old Joe had told it. Many and very thrill- a ing were the stories in which men told of i their comrade of whom they were so proud. e But what had become of him P A week 1 passed; two weeks, and yet no word. c Sorrow was weighling on the hearts of two grey-haired old people. Silas was their idol. Through the long four years they had heard no tidings. Everynight and morning of this t tedious waiting the old man, after his usual formal petitions (whieh embraced the whole s human race, and then the heathen, whom he 0 always annexed separately), prayed, not for Smally nor in the Bible phrases, but in his own homely dialect ; in words not chosen but e coming directly from his heart, that his son, I their son, should be returned to them. Now, since the return of their son's comrades, each r night and morning the old couple rose from their knees with tears glistening in their faded eyes and trickling down their withered cheeks; rose and went to the window in the a morning, or opened the door at night, to see if their prayer had been suddenly answered. The old man hal lately taken to sleeping down stairs in the front room. " So I kin hoar the boy 'fore he gits to the door, an' 1 open it fur him," he said. Frequently dur ' ing the night, which is so long to old people, the poor father would go to the door and I look out; if the noise of opening and shut s ting happened to awaken his wife, she would call down to him in her shrill little voioe, " Is that you, Sam ?" To which the invari o able reply was, "Yes, Sally ! I was jes a a lookin' ef I could see anything of the boy; but there ain't nuthin'." The two old people had grown very fond of Lucy, first on their son's account, and later on her own, and they regarded her very much t in the light of a daughter. A few days after her terrible experience on the mountain, Sam met her. a "Lucy, gal, what makes you look so skeart P Come over and stay with the ole 'ooman an' try an' sorter cheer her up, fur she's powerful down in the mouth." The girl made various excuses, but finally had to go and stay with the Baxters; had to hear the tearful morning and even ing petition; had to see the inroads of the sorrow that must soon bring the old grey hairs to the little lonely graveyard on the side of the mountain; had to see and hear all this, and feel that she had placed herself between them and happiness; that she was the cause of their misery. A hundred times a day she tried to persuade herself that there was no reality in her vision on the mountain top; that it was only a hideous dream. But in this effort she always failed. Then she tried to call up the old image of her lover, 1 and with it the old love; but each time the face with the bleared eyes and matted hair a and bristly beard appeared to her, driving away all else. She had avoided the returned soldiers, but as the stories of Silas' bravery came to her ears, she listened to them, at first with repugnance, but by degrees with a very different feeling. After all, her lover was a hero ? Why did she repel him so fiercely P Slowly the old love came back; first drawn by the kindred strain of pity. His long, weary march home; his miserable rags; his haggard features; those were the pictures that now filled Lucy's thoughts, and her heart melted. How bit terly did she accuse herself ! How earnestly did she long to see him again ! And while she was thus self-tormented, the little withered face of the sad old man would come close to hers, and the brown head and the grey head were bowed together in their 1 common sorrow. Then the fearful question' presented itself Should she tell her story ? It could only add to the parents' grief; it could do no good. No. She would conceal it. And yet with her secret she felt like a criminal. Meanwhile a mountain man had come into Circleville with a strange story. "'I wuz goin' along the top uv the mountin' 'bout two weeks ago, an' I seen the curioustest sight I over seen in my life. There wuz a man a goin' through the bresh as of hornits wuz after 'im. I hollers ter 'm, an' he jest looks roun', jest gimme one look as much as ter say, ' Don't feller.' I never had no gun nor nothin', only a bag o' salt for the cattle, and I felt a little skeery. He moughter bin crazy, or lie moughter had the divil in 'im, an' I sorter think it wuz the divil, 'cause his eyes was red and furly flashed fire. No, sirree, I never follered, not me ! He was goin' toords WViddor Grayson's, an' 1 reckon he got there, fur I heerd thar wuz a mighty ourus sick man thor." Circlevillo had, however, experienced so many sensations lately that this story attracted very little attention. An old negro did, in deed, ask several leading questions of the mountaineer, and was confirmed by his answers in the belief that the man seen on the mountain was possessed of the devil. "You see, boss," said the negro, "las' Sundy do preacher tole 'bout de man whut had do debbels tunned out by do good Lawd, and dey tuck an' jump in de hogs. Now of dat man on de mountin wuz to git shet of his debbils, dey mos' bound to run down de mountin jest like dem debbels de preacher tole about; an' of dey was a huntin' roun' after hogs dey sertinly would jes git in dem two bhoats ob mine, fur dey is de most debblist pigs dis darkey ebber saw. I spec' I better go an' kill dem pigs now, fo' do debbels spile do meat." And the old darkoy, talking to him self about "do debbels," wentoff to sharpen his knife and heat some water. Lucy did not hear the story for some days, and then merely as an idle rumour. But at once the conviction seized her that the crazy wild man could be no other than Silas. She had heard of rejected lovers' predisposition to brain fever, and she at once assigned to that overworked malady the cause of the strange actions of Silas and his absence from his parents. Her mind was quickly made up; she would go and nurse him. Leaving word at her aunt's house that she was going to visit a cousin a few miles away, and would be gone several days, she started up the path to the top of the mountain. Mrs. Grayson lived about ten miles away, and in a very lonely, inaccessible place, .but Lucy had been there once before, and, mountain girl as she was, knew all the paths and the short cute. When all was over at Appomattox, Silas Baxter's first thought was home. He was thoroughly worn out by hard marching, harder fighting and scant rations. He thought if he could only get home, could only breathe cool mountain air, and have those he loved around him, he would be willing to die. On second thought he changed his mind about dying. The bright picture of the beautiful girl who would be waiting for him where he parted from her, of the fireside of the two dear old people listening to his adven tures, of the farm that must greatly need his care, all this gave him new energy, and he determined to hasten homoe. After a few days his horse gave out entirely and qaa to be abandoned. Toiling along, day after day, sleeping now in a barn, now in some wayside house, now in the wood, eating what people with difficulty spared him, he came at ast to the foot of the mountain that formed 1 the only barrier between him and all he had or cared for in the world. Silas sat down to rest a few moments be fore attempting to climb up the steep moun tain. He felt strangely feverish, his head ached distractingly, and he began to doubt whether he conld drag his weary limbs to the summit. Suddenly a terrifying foreboding a passed over him; he had, what many men in his company were suffering from when he left, typhus fever; so his first wish would t come true, he would got home to dio! 1 Nevertheless, ho would get home, and stag goring along he finally reached the top of the mountain where he met Lucy. Stunned by her reception of him, crazed by the fever, he rushedalong not knowing where he went, and after many hours wandering, came sud donlt upon Widow Grayson as she was milk; ing in the little yard behind her cabin. . Now, the widow was not of a nervous temperament, for she had been living in this lonely spot with her two children ever since her husband had been killed by a falling tree ; but this frightful apparition was too much for her. With a shrillscream she sprangup, regardless for the first time in her life of her bucket of milk, which the cow, also fright ened by its mistress's strange behaviour, kioked over. Springing rapidly into the cabin she bolted the door, tool the rifle down e o from the rack made of antlers, wont cauti ously to the window and peered out. I Or the ground with little streams of milk s running around him lay the object of her .1 terror; he had evidently been knocked dowa o by the half- frantic cow. " Name o' Gawd, who air you P" No answer. " Air you dead or drunk, or mebbe you're t tryin' to play 'possum ! I jist tell you now taint no use, ror I never misses a fair shot, an' I got a mity powerful notion jist to try a ball from outer this here ole gun on you. Her voice was getting higher at every sen tence. " What you come foolin' roun' here fur ennyhow ? You got no call to come here ! Can't you say nuthin' P" S Still no answer. After watching the pros trate man for some minutes the widow comes to the door, opens resolutely, and though a still holding the gun, advances steadily to where Silas is lying. " "Pears to me like he's sick," she said to herself. " Mebbe some disease; ennyhow I I can't leave him here, and he don't seem to heyov no notion uv goin' himself; I reckon I I'll put him in the cow shed." Laying down the rifle, the widow half dragged, half carried the man to the cow stable, which was not far from the house, and placed him carefully on the hay. Silas presently regained consciousness to some extent, and asked for water. And then this kindly old soul added from a stone jug a goodly quantity of corn whisky, which had never contributed to the internal revenue. "Twon't hurt him," she said, "tohave a lottle of this here mountain jew, jist to take the harshness off the water." When her children came home, the widow hastened to tell them of the affair in graphic phrase, warning them particularly not to go near the cow shed lest they should catch the " disease." So far as her own risk was con cerned the sentiment of pity pybably over came her fear. Several times a day she went in herself to see the sick man, giving him such food and drink as accorded with her notions of an invalid dietary, so far as she could provide them. From time to time the widow thought of going to Circleville for a doctor, but hesitated about such a doubtful journey. No doctor would come without more probable evidence of pay than her patient seemed able to offer. Silas became delirious. The widow was equal to the emergency. She put plenty of hay in the stable, fastened the door securely, and left Silas to himself. The treatment was as successful as if it had been of the most approved medical system. The patient even tually passed through the crisis of his fever, and began to recover. Later on in the afternoon Mrs. Grayson was sitting on her door-stop, and saw a I figure moving far down the mountain. As it was on the path that led to her cabin and terminated there, she concluded that someone was coming to see her. Visitors were a rarity to the widow, and she wondered who it could be. " Children, kin you make out who's that a comin' 'long the path ? Looks somethin' like a woman. I reckon it's somebody from Circleville. An' here's me in my old dress and no shoes." Some minutes of anxious a scrutiny elapsed as the visitor approached. " Bless my. soul ef it ain't that pretty Swisher gal. What kin she want here? I reckon mebbe she's a wantin' to git some I honey from me, an' I don't know as I kin sell any more." As soon as Lucy got near enough the widow hailed her. " How de do, Lucy? hit's bein a long time since I soon you ; how's all. ?" " Very well, thank you, Mrs. Grayson; how are you all ?" "Jist tolerable; both the children hey done had the meazles this spring." "I came," said Lucy, her face getting more and more crimson, " to see if you could give me any more of that nice honey, like I got from you last year." The widow, who did not understand Lucy's evident perturbation, considered a moment. S"Well, I mout let you hey a little, but times is mighty hard I kin tell you. What with the chlldern sick, an' the brown heiffer run off, an' a poor show for blackberries this summer, I don't hardly know what I'm gein' to do." Then, after a season, "They tell me Gen'ral Leo has done surrendered; is that so " " Yes, near a month ago; how did you hear it ?" "I heerd it from one who wuz thar," said the widow, with a grim smile; and then she related to Lucy, who grew more and more agitated every moment, her experience with the sick man. "O, Mrs. Grayson !" interrupted the girl, " where is heP I must see him at once ! Is he out of danger P" "Why, Lucy Swisher," saidthe widow, in her turn surprised, " how come you to know anything about this here man ? But now I mind me, when he wuz out er his head he kep' a-sayin' ' Lucy, Lucy,' just like he was a callin' somebody. Now t'was 'Lucy, Lucy,' an' now t'was ' Chargemen' or ' Fire ' or somethin' 'bout fltein' or women, ary ones a bad 'nuff. But come on, ' here is the animile,' ez the showman sez." She led Lucy to the cow stable, and softly opening the door pointed to Silas lying on his very comfortable bed of hay, over which the widow had spread a large sheet. He was covered with a patchwork quilt, which was drawn up nearly over his head. His appear ance was startling enough, as he lay perfectly motionless, with closed eyes; his pallid face surrounded by a mass of dark hair, outlined against the white sheet. For a few moments Lucy could not control herself, and, sobbing, hid her face in her hands. Then in a broken voice she said " Silas, I have come." Slowly the sick man opened his eyes, gazed steadily on the girl's face for what seemed to her an age, then suddenly sitting bolt upright and holdinmg out his one arm, he exolaimed: "Lucy, my darling you have come at last !" The widow quietly withdrew. She after wards confessed that "it was very tetching; it made her think on the time when her ole man was a-courtin' !" To an intimate friend the widow explained further: "I felt myeyes gettin sorter sandy, and I jest knowed I wuzn't agoin to stand the pressure, so I 'lowed I'd hey to go an' look after that there cow Uv minne." Lucy stayed two or three days at the Gray son cabin; and nursed the sick man until he began to think of getting up, when Lucy concluded it was about time to go down and tell the old folss. gas Lucy,' sana tae widow, as te girt was starting, "I wish 'at you would jist asei ole Doctor Wilson of he's got eny ov that medicine that you give this here sick man; an of he has, tell him I'd like to hey several bottles; " and the grim smile stayed on Mrs. Grayson's face for several hours after Luoy's departure. Some nuonths later the two little grey haired old folks invited all Circleville to come to see their son married. The widow Gray. son duly arrived in a gorgeous yellow dress trimmed with blue (her favourite colours), and she told her story until she was hoarse, and then both of the old folks kissed her and thanked her for what she had done for their son. Their old faces beamed; their happiness was complete, and all the re mainder of their lives they put into their morniug and evening prayer. "We thank" Thee, O Lord ! that our son has come home." Before her marriage Lucy carefully avoided I all allusion to the scene on the top of tle i mountain. But one evening when they were all alone and of course very sentimental, she s plucked up courage to speak of the matter in t a roundabout way. Her husband did not c seem to understand her at all. Imagine the r relief this discovery gave to Lucy's feelings I b Crazed as he had been with fever, the inci dent was either obliterated fromnt Silas's mom ory or never had a lodgment there... At all c events he did not even remotely guess at the a reason why, whenever Lucy drove over the a mountain by the side of her husband, she a would look at the mossy old boulder with a s smile just one remove from tears. 4 Lucy was a prudent wife, and. wise enough to keep to herself the history of her early fancies and her strange awakening. But some year.i afterward a flaxen-haired little Lucy, tired of giants, fairies and knights in armonur, successfully teased her mamma for a true story. The latest news from Circleville is that the people propose to run Col. Baxter for Con gres. "He kin clean up the county," says old Joe Thompson. 