" 1 hope I don't intrude." Pile up t)be logs, While evening jogs, And fill the Jack-shea measure; Unloose each tongue, The night is young, And we bar# ample leisure; -ID good, bush tea, We'll drink, with glee, The healths of those we treasure ; With tea for grog, Salt beef for prog, We'll make the best of Measure, The stars above Shine on my love, As well's on comrades camping; The sharp-horned moon Gilds buckled shoon Within the city's lamping, The some as here It rentiers clear The features nature's stamping ; ^ Of loves a host, , And mates<we toast j It's PERSONALS I'm vamping. P' PATRICK O'BRIEN, of Melbourne, a pioneer Vic torian colonist, who J*ad amassed great wealth, died in London on April 12th. The deceased was a jubilee Australian, having arrived in the colony of Victoria in the year 1837, in the ship Marco Polo. He was one of the first pastoralists at Arthur's Seat, a district taking its name from a mountain on the south-eastern shores of Port Phillip Bay, not far from the Port Phillip Heads, and in the county of Mornington. Not content with squatting and wool growing, he became a large contractor, and his success in this, besides his shrewdness in in vestments, enabled him to accumulate a fortune, estimated, it the time of his death, at about half-a-million pounds sterling. He also entered public life, being at one time chairman of the Melbourne Bench of Magis trates, besides a prominent, member of a number of local ipstitutjflne., He also sal; as a Parliamentary representative at different tifebes, in each Chamber of Parliament^ He was a gre&t; patron o| the Hospital for ^Incurables, and a liberal subscriber to St. Patrick's dihedral. In March, last year, he visited England, iti order to undergo a surgical operation on one of his hips, necessitated by reason of injuries he had received in a buggy accident a short time before. His only son, T. C. O'Brien, is the present secretary of the Licensed Victuallers' Association of Brisbane. EOBERT WISDOM, M.L.C. of New South Wales, and one of the Imperial Conference delegates from that colony, has accepted knighthood. This, if I remember arighb is Che pugilistic legislator who, last year, had a pout at fisticuffs with Lyell, then Minister for Lands, within the precincts of Parliament House. Sir Pat Jennings and Wisdom got .£1000 out of Sir Henry Parkes--or, rather, the N.S. Wales Treasury \--to pay their expenses to " Lunnon" with; But Wisdom wants K.C.M.Gr., He doesn't,!?* bov." it. A fenight of Wisdom P T can't see , - The wisdom of it, HARRY BONARIUS, or " Bunny," as he is called, is a well-known official of the Q..N. Bank, Maryborough, a strapping powerful fellow with more than the ordinary amount of intellect accorded to bank clerks, and is a deeided contrast to the boy he used to be when in J. J. 'Noble's class he was famed for pace in reading. During Harm's advent at the ^Gh&m-;' mar*"he made greater progress jnthearfc of Waking fell&ws; laugh thin lie did in his studies. Then, 4p-a<: clerk, he entered a solicitor's office, and, under Percy Watepn'e tuition, increased his ^tock of anecdotes, experience, and good humor, pe relates to this slay tile fun he h$d in tb$ time of Hurley^ electipn, when he was sent by his boss to find Percy ; and Kow, after visiting the European, and helping himself to bread and cheese, he came across Percy haranguing a numberpi German electors, who to a man followed his advice and plumped for Jack Hurley. In his youth H.B. developed extraordinary perception, and was a welcome visitor at Emery's Cafe Royal, where he wrote up the host's books for so many pints of " half- and-half." Possessed with the idea that he had not sufficient cold blood to make a land shark, Harry entered the Q.N. Bank, and his period of "running the exchanges" was about the most laughable that could be imagined. It was intensely ludicrous when Dad Gray, ot the Union Bank, with a motherless-foal sort of air, would say to his man, "Has that feller squared with you yet?" " Bunny" is an inveterate smoker, his consumption of the fragrant weed rivalling that of his friend Curtis. As " Bunny1' learned to enjoy bis pipe, the fun was rich; sick he was daily, yet, every morning he would steal from the office and seek the seclusion of an outhouse, and desperately tackle his pipe. SIB SAMMY GRIFFITH has been enthustically welcomed at Merthyr Tydvil. Although he seems to have been lost at the Imperial Conference, Sam is evidently a whale in Wales. But, then, he hasn't had the squelching of the iron-workers of that country, nor the ruination of Cambrian agriculturists and laborers. With his hokey, pokey, winkey, wum, Aboriginal Welshmen wonder some, How He's got to be boss of the Queensland drum, And a leader in Australia. DR. F. M.GEOGHEGAN, who for the past eighteen months has been practising his profession at South port, has succeeded to the extensive practice of Dr. Webb, of Ipswich, and has also been appointed Government medical officer at that place. During his residence at Southport, he gained the goodwill of all classes of the community by his unassuming manner, wise suggestions, and kindness of heart. Though never neglecting his professional duties, he was always foremost in social matters j ever willing to give a helping hand4 to any charitable undertak ing, and took a more than ordinary interest in the advancement of the township. The .people of Southport regret exceedingly the departure of Dr. Geoghegan from their midst. BASON NOEDENSKJOLD, a Swedish naturalist and Arctic explorer, has entered into a conspiracy with the King of Sweden and Oscar Dickson, to explore the Antarctic regions. If anything, big names reveal (A Swedish " j" is "y," I'm told !), Then Baron Nordenskjold should feel The rigours of a Southern's cold. THE EIGHT REV. FIELD FLOWERS-GOE, the new Bishop -of Melbourne, and Mrs. Goe, have come to Australia, and arrived at Melbourne, the cathedral jbity of the See, on Tuesday week; They became temporarily the guests of His Excellency Lord Loftus. (And the poor Nazarene had not where to lay his head.), His HONOB SIR WILLIAM MANNING fell ill while on circuit at Albury, N.S.W., jon Tuesday week, 'Sick ness evidently has the effect of even unmanning Manning. RIGHT HON. CHABLKS NEWPIGATE NSWDEGATE, Privy Councillor, and. who represented North Warwickshire in the House of CommonGi for over forty years, died on April 10th. Oh ! Newdygate, Newdigate, Newdegate! Oh ! cranium, oh ! skull, oh ! head 1 Now life, and existence, and being, abate ; He1 s defunct, he's expired, he's dead. THE Premier of New South Wales gabled to H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, inviting1 him to visit Australia on the occasion of the commemoration of what the Brisbane Courier calls the " centenary of the founding of the colony of New South Wales." Albert Edward, however, cannot hold out any hope that he will be able to accept the invitation. Per haps the dear man's liver is weak ? By-the-way, if the year 1888 be intended, it should rather be called the " centenary of the annexation of Australian soil by Great Britain." THE residents of Gladstone have presented an illuminated address of condolence and syitipathy to Mrs. Mellefont, the widow of the late generous and genial journalist, W. P. Mellefont, who died recently at Port Curtis. The deceased was an old Queensland pressman, having been in his day sole or part pro prietor of the Ipswich Observer, the Brisbane Daily Observe*, the Bundaberg Star (which he first established in 1874), the Sportsman, and the Glad stone Observer, which he also founded, and of which he was, for a second time, proprietor at the time of his death. Do you know Louis Ryder, formerly of Roma, and now of Winton? Well, Louis can boss a public house better than any publican I know of in the Wesl;. and draws the thirsty hushman4nto his house with all the force, and much more than the suavity, of a double-header mustard plaster. He is now pay ing a flying visit to Barcaldine with the object of turning the cattle on his station into cheap beef; partly for his own benefit, and partly for the benefit of the townspeople there. £ A LLIIN WATERS, of Blackall, is opening at Barcal dine in the drug line. He has got anj quantity of " go" in him. Can ride, shoot, make up a prescrip tion, and push business with an energy which nothing can check. He is not the only chemist in town j but the other man died some time ago, and nothing remains but his ghost, which still haunts the town and frightens the girls into fits with its mashing vagaries. 