LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. We have been asked by Mr. T. T. Brig to give publicity to a few facts regarding a road in the Bundanbs Division which be and others use-he more extensively than the others, it being the reed known as Goefle'e, leading to Mr. Brigg's aliugtes. yard. We have not eenethis thoroughfare recently, but know that, a little while ago, its condition was anything but good. Now its statd is aid to be frightful. The part referred to lis btteaen the Cemetery-road and the oulvekt,and we are told that. some time back, the Board let a contract for £46 for the repair of this blaekaoll portion, but &e.pt; back £10on the ground that the contractr had eoao completed the job. Still the Board did not Solis b the work. Mr. Brigg was partioularly anxious to have the place put in order, as it canused his borte to be much kuooked about, and so he offered, if it were properly repaired, to keep it for twelve months free of charge, but the offer has not been aocepted?L lIe even offered to take the £10 odfinidslshthe " ens. tract." though it cost him £15 or £20; while.nearly three years ago he offered to lend the .Beard .money (£50 or £00 perhaps). without interest for twoye-rs, to mend the way. No good is derived, he .says, from the money already spent; big lamps of metal stock up in the clay, the water has torn a ditch from 25ft. to SOft. wide and 8ft. or loft. deep in places, and the new work even is falling away by degrees. It is well known that the Blacketone Philarmoulo Society have for some considerable time, under the careful training of a competent leader, been.prautie? ing pieces of classical and other must, with a view of. competing with other choirs at a future da?se; but, in order to raise funds for some ocal object, they have,. in the meantime, decided to iveo theips wich public the opportonity of judgingof their -cas bilities at a concert to take place in the Schoopf Arts this evening; and we have no doubt that it will prove `satisfuctory to the audioence.' . The Ron. George Thorn regquests us to state that, when speaking in the Bouse, on Thureday last- e. epectng the rabbit incursion. he msentsoned that some of the iguanas in the Western country were almost as large as the fresh.wateralligator of the North, and would prove very asefol to destroying rabbits. A muster parade of E compty, Queesusltsd Scottish Riffes, took place on Saturday afternoon last. The men, of whom there wMotlood tro-.out, under Lieutenaat Drysdale, with, whom weeas Lie. tenant Fisher, assembled at the 0 l.ashed, and then marched to the reserve at Nobth Ipewich, tiete they were put through some 'pmpany movemepts and given bayonet exercise. At exomlnation b candidates for the rank of corporal has been held, by SgrgeantrMajor Jamlesos, on the last two drilll. nights. Bight or d stasn went ap, thesaesoeefel ones being J. Grifth, T. Stewart, C. J. F. Miller, and M. Mercer. J, Campbell and H. W. Turnbul have been appointed 4moe~orperals, and Corp.ra Gordon is now etlngsergsat. . . . The anurter) muster parade of F company, Moreton Regiment, *pok place at the drll.shed, on Saturday afternoon last, Captain inbth acting as muster officer,and Lieutenant O'Sullivan also attend. ing: There were about forty men massent, ad at the parade the badges for extra effitolency and the marksmen's baedges were presented. The parade was dismissed early, in order to allow the men time to prepare to go down to WoollouDgabba for outpost duty. The two offioers and abbout twenty toen left by the 6'15 p.m. train, and, after taking part in the man??uvres, returned. by the 9 o'clock trajn on Sunday morning: The following are the ases of those to whom the badges were presented :-Marke men's names: Donald Munrn, ColourSergseant Charles Bregge, Private William Douglas, Lie?oten ant O'Sullivan, William Law ; extraefoielehts, C. Bragge, Munro, Douglas, ette, Stafford, Lane Corporal Edwards, Denning, and Law, Captain Smith is alseo extra-etffieient,. At the Police Court, on Saturday last, before the Police Magistrate, George Harvey pleaded "Guilty" to having made use of obscene language In Brisbane. atreet, and was fined £1. Yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, Franky, an aboriginal, admitted having been drunk on Saturday last, and, as he had been locked up since; he was discharged. As nsual with these coloured gentry, Franky did not know where the grog came from, and hazarded only the safe remark that "other blackfellows gave it." A man, named Michael Gedding, met with an unpleasant'asooident, on Saturday last. at Laidley, and in a not very common manner. While walking he stumbled into a stomp-hole, the fall causing a fracture of the arm, and necessitating a visit to Ipswich for surgical treatment. 'On Thurnday evening (says the Bundaberg Mail), wilst Oaptain Hooper (Ialvation Army) was doing alittle equestrian business on theountaide of a horse, he met with a somewhat narrow eso-pe by being thrown from the qugadroped. He was riding up Bourbon.street and endeavonured to display his horsemiaship by taking hold of the steed's-tars, caunosing the animal to make a polite bow by hoisting its hind lege and landing the Captain on mother earth, causing a few slight abrasions of the skin. The B.I.S.N. Company's supplementary steamer Dorands, from London on the 8th of September, left Suez, to'day, for Queensland portse. The balance-sheet presented by the Cooktow Turf Club shows a surplus of £256 on the annual races. It has been decided to hold a race.meeting on Boxing Day. The executive of the North Queens laud Racing Assooiation have endorsed the club's disqualification of George Fennel, the jockey. The B.LS.N. Company 's steamer Chyebhsa ar. rived at Thursday Island, on Saturday morning, with the following immigrants e:-For Thursday Island, 3 ; forCooktown, 4; for Townsville, 51; for Rockhampton, 165; for Maryboreoogb, 41; and for Brisbane, 141 ; and 19 second-clam pa?sengers for different ports. On Thursday evening last, at the conclusion of Miss Edith OGorman's lecture in Toowoombs, she was presented with an addreu from the local Orange lodger. Just now Maryborough is having a little sensation in the shape of a ghost. It has eluded all efforts to cspture it, although repeatedly fired at. It is stated that during the reign of Queen Victo ' the Church of England has built 6000 chrches enh peaces of worship. Seven dioceees hwve beeuotteld, and £81,000,000 ansbscribed volun'arily, on 'be last twenty.fre years, for Church pwrpmm 