BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. Tho»o who have road my letters for the past few years, and who rainambor my ac count of Mr. Stowart's death and the dis position ho made of lug vastostato, will not bo atj«ll surprised that tho heirs at last have called on Judge Hilton for an accounting. The skeloton so successfully hid behind the door 13 at last to be dragged forth, and anion" othor curious facts it will now bo made public if an empty mausoleum occupies the crypt of the I splendid cathedral at Garden City, or: whether the bones of Alexander Turney I otowart reposo beside the aahos of his wife What a feast for the lawyers ; what a pre cious morsel for the millions who Iovo a nttlo bit of scandal better than they love hoir prayers ! Both of the co-respondents whose eollossal possessions are the causa of this unseemly war are beyond tho reach of praise or blame. " Nor atoal, nor poison, malice, Domeatio op foreien levy, Nothing oin (ouch them further." But on the trial the secrot history of dead and buried years .vill be dragged into the light of open day. Scandals, unly hinted at m past years, will bo headed in cold print with leaded lines as choico items of tho latest news. Characters that havo hitherto beon sustained by tho length of their rent rolls and the strength of thoir bank accounts may bo blastedbejondreclaim. Notapleasant,pros pect you say; perhaps not: but whatcouldyou expect from such a life ! And with the news of tho suit against Judge Hilton 0011103 tho intelligence that all of tho lato Mrs. Stowart's wardrobe is to bo disposed of to the highest bidder by auction. Tho only restriction being that no one will be admitted to tho sale butrolatives and friends—of which, how ever, there aro several hundred. I don't know how it may affect those who aro In the habit of making merchandise of tho dead ; but to 1110 there is something inexpressibly shocking in this sale. Imagine tho auc tioneer roaring out tho prico of the golden pufl-box from which sho rouged and pow dered hor faded charms, and dangling from his coarso fingers tho dainty golden curls in which sho was arrayed by hor faithful maid two days before her death, and with which the faded and decrepit old woman of eighty yoars tried to rostoio tho beautiful Cornelia 1< inch of sixty years before—her pocket handkerchiefs, her stockings, and all tho little trinkets that wore dear to hor heart Going—going—gone ! " Yi*,u-!ty of Tanities. aaith the preacher : All is vanity." Fifty wigs, not one with a grey hair in, all of thom of that soft golden color in which her heart did so much delight. Threo hundred gowns, all of them rich and costly ; shawls from Indian looms and laces of fabulous value, and evon tho under-clothing of the dead woman ander tho hammer—Going going—gone ! New York has heard much of Stewart's thrift during tho last fifty yoars but it was unprepared for anything like this! A 111:111 who has been, such a bonoficiary of I the Stewart estnto as Judge Hilton has, and having the whole matter in his discretion might havo called the discontented heirs to gether and by appraisal havo set a money value on tho goods and kept them from tho ' public oyo ; but he has chosen tho othor i course, and in so doing ho has shocked tho bettor sense of this entire community, and I shall nob be surprised any day to see an advertisement in tho New York World addressed to the keepers of Dime Museums throughout the country, offering for sale tho bones of the dead millionaire, with satisfactory certificates duly authen ticating their genuinoness. That they would bring a good round sum I havo not tho least doubt; and in the hands of Barnum or Buffalo Bill they might be made to add some thousands to the princely Stowart estate. Gardon City is to bo dismembered and sold, and this is the ending of Alexander Turney Stewart's life-work. Fifty millions and—nothing ! ' Mrs. Maginnis 13 dead. Who is she ?—you ask. The youngest daughter of tho late Wm. M. Tweed of Ring memory and tho heroine of the Diamond wedding. Women havo been married and given in marriage before, but never on this contiuont was seen anything like the nuptials of this dead woman. At the time of hor marriage hor father was as virtually tho autocrat of Now York as the Czar is autocrat of the Russians. Nothing like her trousseau had ever been seen here previous to that tims. It seemed as if all New York hastened to do honour to tho new Princess. Tradesmen .and politicians poured in their «ifts and of the highest character woro° not ashamed to bo found among the donors. Tom Fields sent a diamond necklace and earrings that cost five thousand dol lars, and W. E. King jewels that cost five thousand more. It took one immense room to hold the bridal gifts, and the money value was estimated at $150,000. On the day of the wedding all official business was suspended .throughout the pity and many of tho great stores closed early in the afterncpo'n. The beautiful young bride wore big diamonds as buttons for her white satin gaiters, and the jewels on her person represented $50,000.! Tho heroes and heroines of that proud night have gono down to hopeless ruin. Thehappy .father died in prison ; Tom Fields died in ex ile; Connolly and Sweeney were fugitives from justice Jim Fisfc was assassinated ; Ingeraoll and Garyey went £o States Prison ; Prince Harry Geii^fct did time at Blackiyell'a Island ; another died in tfie Stated 'Prison ; two died in lunatic asylums, and one proud beauty—the wife of Tom Fields—perished in the gutter in front of the princely mansion on Fifth Avent;e, where formerly she had prosided a3 a Queen. Aud so they pass away. Notwithstanding his ill-gotten millions, the father of this dead proman passed array'look ing thjrpjfjfK prison1 ljar»; Bad tight here'I am reminded that this week also passed away Tweed's privato secretary, Foster S. Dewey. .Mr Duwoy may not havo been a groat man nor an especially good man, but ho was marked as the possessor of that un ci immon quality among 111011—gratitude— which after all is one of humanity's brightest and rarest jewels. Fostor Dowey, as the privato secretary of Tivood, know all the villainy of tho Ring, but so skilfully did he guide his hand, that when justice like an avalanche came down on tho guilty crew, Foster Dowoy escaped without a scar. He had profited by his opportunities for plunder, but kept out of the clutches of the law, and when the thousands who had profited by the bounty of tho master fled af frightened at tho fierce crios of his enemies, Foster Dewoy stood by his old chief to tho last and spaut his fortuuo freely in trying to secure his release. Ho novor deserted the man who had befriended him, and when the end came he stood by the dying couch and soothed his last hour3 with his friendship and love, which oven death and disgrace could not shake. Larry O'Brian was laid to rest this week, and he was buried with all the pomp of tho Catholic Church, a special high mass being celebrated at St Stephen's, which was Father McGlynn'a old church. Thousands turned out to Larry's funeral, for ho was one of tho boat known men in town. lie was a gambler by profession and a fighter of considerable renown. A couple of years ago he got into a tight with anothor gambler who literally cut him to pieces with a huge bowie knife. As he fell on the sidewalk some one rushed up, and seeing his condition cried out, 'Sand for a doctor!' 'Oil never mind tho doctor,' gasped Larry, 'send for a priest.' With eaieful nurs ing Larry pulled through but lie never was tho saino man again—he wandered about from place to place like af ghost, aud finally died in Nassau a couple of weeks ago. After a bitter atrugglo the Women Suffragists have finally triumphed in tho Sonate of New York. Now for the Lower House aud then for tho Governor. So far the women havo done well ; they have steadily battled for their righta and they havo won their way, atop by atop, from darkness to daylight. Tho men who are ao afraid of women's voting ought to take a turn down through the lower wards of New York and Brooklyn. Look at tho brutal drunken material that decides our Municipal, State and National Elections ! Look at tho vilo crow that sent Tim Campbell to Congress and helped to mako Fatty Walsh the guardian of the Tombs. Tho most respectable and in telligent club in Now York to-day is a women's club. Some of the best work in journalism and art is done by women. In medicine there are dozens of women hero who hold their own with tho beat of our medical faculty, and whoreevor an avonue has been opened for her she ha3 improvod it and done well. It i3 but a poor coinplimont to our mothers, our wives, our sistors and our daughters to say that we are not willing to give thosamo privileges to thorn that wo accord to tho ignorant rabble whocrowdourgroatcities and decide our elections. Ono woman like Catherine Wolf, or Jennio June, or Mrs. Dr. Lozier is worth a million of such rascals, whose only idea of American suffrage is how much it can be sold for at tho polls. A lively sensation occurred early in tho week in a suburb of Brooklyn. A rich gen tleman named Woolaey had a fine country seat and employed a coachman who handled tho ribbons to perfection. The coachman had a nice wifo aud two children,and as he seemed to lead a life above reproach and had a lino baritone voice, he soon distinguished him self in tho village choir and ho was proposed for one of the deacons. He complained to Mr. Woolaey that tho moral character of his assistant shocked him, whereupon tho foot man was discharged and the coachman was commissioned to hire another, which ho did ; ho soon found a footman, a pleasant young chap who bccamo quite a favorite with everybody, and with 110 0110 more than the coachman. Wherever tho boy went the coachman went, and wherever tlio coachman went the boy went. Thoy tnok long ovening rides together, and on two or three occasions they were detained all night oil busincao. Last week an avenging husband appeared on tho scene with a shot-gun hunting u runaway wife, and looking for a coachman who had lured her away from his home. Tho coach man and the boy disappeared that night and have not been hoard of since. Moral—Koep your weather eye on the coachman and your leo eye on the groom. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 