CHIPS. Tus:llBiitish P?nrliament has assembled affbr" the Easterruccess. Tie memberi: consider that their spell was all too brief, aLnd thirik that spring in the country, anld abs~ence from Parliament,. are a combined delicious season and senas tlion. Forthsey weary of tho Irish Orimes, and in thleirr troublod day-dreamns see visions of' maskedsen'r pattering tile brogue, with lonades of dynanite earlridges, pursuing ar. l'Parnell,. Mir. Crl1dstone, snd the chiefs of the L.O.L.. acrossthle tloorof the HIouse. Auel'they wsis Homse Rule at the bottom of the-sea, and another green island on the top ofit, and are being mnore prepaired every day to let the Irish luve a try at governing thicmelves by wv of a change. W'sCiich is all M3r. Parnellu and his party want; antil theywill ble prepared to start the nevw, business as soon as they think it con veiient to dlo so, Tl Speasker of tr?e Iouse of Commons Ihes lnow recovered jfron the oxhaustion caused Ivby his battles witlr the iHome Rulers uand the lRadicals on the recent stonewalling. I'nrliamentulryt?actics have come to a low state when it is founrd necssasry for the successful carrying out of the mn?sures vyou wish to see passed, to kill I"ister Speaker by inclhes. It is expected idlt after his recent bout of illness Mr. Peel will alot too readily allowr hIis eye to be caught by the party who lpset all hIis physical :arrangenents and lhabits of life. The colonial dllegates to the Imsperial Con ference mny well say "What a timse of it we 'ire having." Clhaperoned by tile First Lord of tlhe Admriralty they percgrimtedl to Portsmsouth, assd.made in inspiecticon of tihe ldockyral andII shipis of war, their' inspectiosi including the hulks of wooden wsalls fromn the time of Neison, and the latest designs for steaming at; thesrate of 20 kunts all hour under water. lThe fictions published a few years ago. by a clover French writer, enititled "''Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Sea," is now becoming, like tlie edre,.ms of thinkers, solidL reality. Ausl .he. imnmor.tal Will spoke witlh hIis usntl diserinentis whlen he wrote of tle Ipoet giving to "'airy nothings ra local haubitation alnd a isname." T'he ousual feed will be given our colonial rlopresentatives,for, though earthquakes amre •abouti and are troutbling tihe crust bf saouthern Fresnch soil, the.l.rtish dinner still holds its can. To crown all; Wales will be present, .nrd' hlcrefore the sufeess of the Iafftalir is iassured; and we poor colonists who can't go Ioslle ands becosme distinguissled miost deeply feeool tle. honour which is being done the colony in tlhe Sperson of the genial Jennings and the worthy" Wisdom. These are tl!o little attenutions which make people loyal, and if we could onlh cultivatea King and Courb out here in thie bushl the tinme might vcren ce?mo when we should hIsve an Plrinre of .New South Wales to distribute our prizes, to lay- our foundation-stonses, and: be the fountain o oo osur honour. Sir West Ridlgway hais been so far success, ful in hIis Eastern mission as ts be able to report somoe utlcrstanding with Russia as to. liher " mareld" with Afghaniistan. That agreement halns been based on a certain principle, it would appear, the saine appa. rently being' to give as little as possible, and: take as much. On this prineipleo tho delimitation of tlhe frontier will doubtless be arrived at and strictly onf.red until the tihno arriives wheni the Iussians can abrogato their. precious. individual principlo by the general prin ciples of necessity and big battalions.. Russia suggests Bulgaria, and the.,oxpres "sion of" ilTl redoubtable Major Saundorsoit regarding the latter country, " Sir,. slhe was mal enoughl to resist Russia." SThlo.practico of making bulls is infectious, and the' gallant Meejor's remark had' liardly ceasd tto excito the risible facultios.of tllhe 1ouse obefore Mr. Clhaplin capped it. by thel roai'rk that Bradford was " rather..Radical in the extremo." * Even Lord Randolph, pcrhaps, purposely, miies. hlis *metaphors, and hliigh-falutingly states that " Tlio voice of England, which, sounded so clearly at the lasii gonoram'oleo bibn, will not b6 lost sightl of." After tliat we seem to " hear a smile,'" the same as did SirB A. A. ross, and tleo ghost of Sir Boyleo oclho .goes sadly maway,, being unable, liko his celebraised bird, to, be in two plaeis at one time. 