AETICDI.AIION. At the close of a session at the Virginia normal school, the principal called for such examples in difficult articulation to be handed in as the pupils could find or remember. Of course the result embodied all the old fami liar vorbal tangles, but some wore brought out which were not so familiar, and the collection makes a rather comical budget of phrases : Amidst the mists and coldest frosts, With barest wrists nnd stoutest boasts, :-;? He thrusts his fists against tho posts, . And still insists he sees the ghosts. ' Of all tlio saws lever saw saw, 1 never saw a saw saw as this saw saws.' ' Thou wreath'd'st aud muzzl'd nt the far- 1 fetched, ox, and imprisou'd'st him in the Vol canic Mexican mountain of Popocatepetl iu Cotopaxi ' When a twister, a twisting, would twist him a twist, . For twisting a twist, three twists will he ? twist ; But if one of ,the t.vists untwists from the twisi, The twist thus untwisting nntwisteth the twist. ? ' Robert Rowley rolied a round roll round; a round roll Robert Rowley rolled jjround. Whire rolled the tound roll Robert Rowley rolled round.' ' Theophilus 'ibis tie, tho successful thistlo Bifter, in silting a eieveful of unsifted thistles, thrust. 3U00 thistles through tho thick ot his thumb. If, then, Theophilus Thistle, tha successful thistle sifter, in sifting a sieveful of unsifted thistles, thrust 3000 thistles through the thick . of his thumb, see that thou, in sifting u sieveful of unsifted thistles, thrust notSflOfl tliiallna «tinnn»li 11. a thy thumb.' ' 'Villy Vite and vifeventon a voyage to Vest Yindsor and Vest Vindham von Yitsun Vednesday.' ' Bandy-leggod Bosachio Mustachio Whis kerifuscius, the bald but brave Bnmbordino of Bagdad, helped Abomilique Bluebeard, Bashaw ot Babelmandeb, to beat down an abotn 'nable bninble bee at Bassora.' I saw Esau kissing Kate; The fact is, we till three saw ; Fori saw Esau, he saw me, And she saw I saw Esau. ' General' Booth's return from his trip to America and Canada was celebrated on Christmas Day by tho Salvation Army at Exeter Hall. Tho different corps muBtered in the morning to meet the ' General' at Euston station. Thoy formed into procession numbering between four nnd five thousand. They marched through Seven Dials, -where the people assembled rooeived them in a friendly manner, and at abeut half-paBt twelve they arrived at Exeter Hall. At n quarter to one the meetings began, whon tho ' General' was heartily welcomed home to England, After the usual hymns and prayers ( the ' General' gavo an account of his tour in the Unitod State? and Canada. Ho said thnt a great impression had bt'on made upon him by his trip across tho Atlantic, and es pecially by the cordial reception he had got from tlie niniitua in Boston and New York. He had travelled over 15,000 miles, attended more than 20,) meeting', and reviewed the wholo of the oilicrs. At n meeting in the evening, Mr Braniwell Booth ptusuiited n re port showing how the army had been work ing doling the '? Gener.il's ' absence in Aino rica. It wus said that the army had this time last year 1322 corps under 307(5 officers, ana they had now 178G corps undor 4192 officers. They held in the first w-ok of lho year 25,490 mealing, and iu the lust woek of tho year 29,733 meetings. During this year 195 officers h ive been sent abroad, at a cost of £2732. The r ceipts for all purposes this year hud been £73,430. as compared with £G9,7G8 sent to headquarters last. year. These amounts includo £25,384 in 188G, and £30,849 in 1885, given or lent for building purposes. During the past, year 1,435,980 services u*ve ue'-Ml neiu. Tiir following clipping from the Bombay Guardian will bo intcivsling to our Salva'iou Army readers, ai showing tho devotion of some of their meinbors to tbo cuuso they have embraced : — ' Wo are vory so-ry to report that Mrs Tucker, wife of Colonel Tucker, of 1 tho Salvation Army, is very ill in Bombay. Sbo is Buffering from a disease (bori-beri) suDDOsod to havo been brought oil bv vears of semi-starvation voluntarily endured in carry ing out the principles of the Salvation Army. At the time of our writing this fours aro en tertained that she may not recover. Dr Mac donald has been attending her for many weeks. one is resting in tno ljoru wiui on Buomis siveness, and speaks of piecious lessons learned on her sick bed, Her husband lias beon telegraphed for, but he di.es not think he will bo able to leave tho woik of tho Lord in Ceylon.' 