IN THE ROUSE. i Last night in answer to a question hy Mr. Melville, Sir Henry Parkes 6aid ho was pro pated now to muka a statement regarding the use of the theatres on Sunday. Tho Govern- ment had decided that the licences issued for theatrical performances should be confined to week-days, hut that on the application of proprietors or lesspos, special por- ra ¡scion would be given for sacied concerts or religious servioes, subject to the discretion of tho Colonial Sec- i Tetary. Further, the Government would not authorise the delivery of lectures oil Sundny night at all. An\ one might daliveralecluroon that evening, but ho must do it subject to the police íegulations and tho ordinary laws of ho country. Then the Premier went on to explain what ho meant by such a statement The Government , would not interfere with the lectures, but they would not countenance them. Toe who'o thing looked at first like a clean hack down on tho part of the. Government The Colonial Secretary slopped the lectures according to law, j and now 'he washes his hands of the matter i not ocoording to law. What does the Premier I mean ? Questions from Mr. Melville and Mr. I Walker further induced the Premier to say I that the lectures could not be dolivered in tiny ' building covered by a lioonso fiom the Government. There was an ovidont intention on the part of the Premier at first to bo more or less ambiguous. Mr. Stokes, who seldom comos-into the Legi-lative arena, rose to move the adjournment of the Hou^e for the purpose of ciiticising the Minister for Lands in dealing with the reserves of the country. He had, Mr. Stokes insisted, preoluded selection and decimated the population. Mr. G/orrnly. Mr. Vaughn, Mr. Barbour, Mr. Crouch, Mr. O'sullivan, and Mr. Parnell, all had something to pay upon the subject, and Mr. Gairett followed to explain. He, in his usual nervous and forcible way, contended that ho had only done what was just and sensible. Tho land law was admittedly defectivo, and to open up the reserves under existing c.rcumstanees would bo to make the land lhe prey of land-grabbers. There was plenty of land, ho contended, open to the settler, and his course had been to provent the worst kind of underhand getting of, land. . * . « » Mr. Stephen rose as the champion of the Minister for Lands, and laboriously fought his way thiough all obstacles to show that Mr. Garrett was a benefactor of the country, and the fiiend of the squatter and every- body else. Carefully Mr. Stephen elaborated his argu- ments, and followed on a well-beaten trail. Mr. Barbour eat watchful and severo to hand in occasionally frigid interruptions and criticisms. Mr. Creer's arms were folded over his Celtic bosom, and three Ministers hold the fort, which was pretty well stripped of its garrison. Mr. Stokes followed to repeat his arguments, and read extracts and quoted statistics which were calculated to show that tho Minister for Lands did not understand his business, and that his department was incompetont and careless of its duty. With a final plunge for the throwing open of the reserves to selectors, ' Mr. Stokes took his seat and the regular business proceeded. Mr. Trickett advocated the second rea ¡ins; of tho Perpetual TritRtoo Company Bill. Ho said it was a bill entirely in the m'oresls of tho public, and calculated to protect people in matters of business during ab'-enco from the country or in case of death. An ovooutor or a person empowered to do business might die, and difficulties would aiise therefrom ; but such a company as this would be was a guarantee against all such poiplexity. Mr. Frank Smith, who does not often appear oratori cally bafore the House, declared his belief that the ' bill ought not to be biought in as a pri- vate bill. Tie pointed out that this was liable to become a case of monopoly, and all compares of the kind would bo prevented from succeeding by the advantage this one would have in its stait of thom. He insisted that it should be a Government bill, and thus put all such companies on the same basis and with tho sime advantages. He contended also that the company's secuiity of £20,0(10 was not enough. Mr. Smith has an ingenious mind, but' no pavticu ar speak- ing powers. Mr, Burnt followed to say that Mr. Smith v. a-s astray in his eriticism. Uo stated that such companies had been established in "Victoiia and they had succioded. Ile showed that it was imrossiblo for lho Govommont to take chargo of such a bill. The name» of the ehai eholders, he submitted, were guarantees of good faith and security. Mr. Dibbs waa not satisfied. He thought tie names of the subscribers were good enough, but they might nut remain mombers of the company, or they might die.and new members would como in who perhaps weie neither good business mon nor personally worthy of the confidence of the pub'ic lie argu- d that the deposit with the Crown should be large enough to bo a guarantee of good faith, and that if tho bill did pass the subscribers' names should bo publishol every yoar. Mr. Trick tt interjected that the names wero to bo published every half-year. Moreover, Mr. Dibbs thought the Government would lose by the establish- ment of such a company, as trust funds in the hands of the Government would pass into tho management of this company. * . « . . The Adjudicator-General and Grand Peishwach, of legal knowledge follow» d to show that Mr. Smith had raised n ghost simply for the purpose of laying it. It grieved good Mr. Thompson to tho soul to behold the igno'ianco and superficial vision of people like Mr. Smith. He decided, from hiB glittering intelligence and the splondour of hi3 mental digestion, that the bill was right and critics were wrong. I Would that Ibero were another lawyer in the I House to relieve Mr. Thompson of some of the great responsibility that bo is burdened with. There always has been a suspicion that Mr. Foster, Mr. Wise, Mr. Trickett, Mr. Dawson, Mr. Abbott, Mr. Carruthers, i Mr. Gould, and some others weie lawyers ; but it ibn't ' to bo entertained for a moment. The only lawyer in I the House is Mr. Thompson, and that should bo | piomptly understood to avoid complications. If the I Legislature would only take advantage of this I knowledge, there would be no flaws in tho Con ! stitution, no leakincss in the law. Mr. Thompson ' comes from West Maitland ; he has been in the law business thirty year». He has acknowledged that he knows a very greit deal, and a man wouldn't say such a thing unless it was a fact Mr. W, Clarko also eritioisod the bill to Borne extent. He thought it should bo a Bkaleton bill, which might, if need be, cover a number of companies of the kind ; and i furlh'T, that the names of the subscribers were notsuoh ' sufficient guarantee, no matter how strong thoy wore in tho community, as they might when shares went up ' sell out, and others might come in of not so much credit before the public. Mr. Clarke is not a glorious example of legislative eloquence. ' Mr. Foster rose to point out that this company would always bo subject to the investigation ' of the Oourts. That would be provided for, and thora ' would be perfect security for the public. Mr. Triokatt replied in a tew sentón es, und the House divldod on the quoftion. Messrs. Melville and Wall represented the "Noes." Always "agin" the Government are these two heroeB of opposition. In committee Mr. Melville interested himsolf considerably in the bill He first opposed a clause, and then immediately after moved "That the question bo now put" Then he turned round and left the Chamber before the House divided. There is no doubt that the First Immortal is a bom humourist. After the House divided, aud it was found there wore not 40 members to support tho motion, the Chairman almost immediately after put tho clause, and it was carriod. Mr. Molvillo then rose 1 to a point of order, and insisted that the quostion could I not be put without more debate, as the House had 1 decided that the qu stion. should not be put . The oh airman ruled that the llouso had not so decided ; but amid great jocularity Mr. Melville went oa j with his contention. It was very amusing. , The mistake that has been made in tho past is in j taking Mr. Melville seriously. Then came the second reading of tho West Wallsend and Monk-Wearmouth Aot Amendment Bill, which was discussed in committee, and held in charge by a sad-faced member by name of William Teoce. The bill was quickly passed through committee, burdenoa with a number of funny spasms, that shook the House, owing to Mr. Melville's exuber- ancy. Tho Willoughby-Gordon Tramway Bill was then consideiod in committoe, and afterwards, as there ' was not a quorum, tho House adjourned till Mon- day, _ _ ItRMARiCADtG liisArreau «ici.-Yen' iemai Kr.Dlo disappearance of oil din fiom evciythlflrr by uslnir iludbon's Kstrastot boap. Jieward-Pin It?, health, perieot tr.ll»fnot:on, by its regule- dnlly use. t'or eloihcp, linen, knives, loits, dithei, lauccptvu, aniiO'l iotr.bsi'.o nushipjr.-fAmg.l 