!" .... 1 : ,1:V, 'Ottiy, ;VjD.lSL,abter'...','u.!: BY THE FARCEUR. ' ' Now1 that1 our legislators haive ;? si>aken themselves into tlieir places, deputations are tlieorderof the' day'Deputations 'from tlie' country parts'geheiMly'consist of''lead■ iiu'g storekeepers, and*'the like, aiid as( tlieir expenses are. often ' franked1,' they have' a good1 time, ;as theyvn'otfonly ''attend1'to the d'elp u ta fciori _■ wants'' biitr' they! ■:alsp'"B,elocti 1 a stock of new season's 'goods}' ther^bykillirig :two ''birds with the 'one brick. •1 'As a1 riilo, deputations; fare well; iuid1 gener&Uy-roturn; '.with;at' least' a''fair promise' that'their wto'ts •will be' attended to J •' but -now5 'and' again'; tliey are put down with a mighty thud.ll"A.'i:few days ago a deputation of /'Hbrnsbj^fruit raisers came along to request the' Minister 'for ' Works to'erect1 another'1 platform; in-^a more1 convenient' 'place-'than 'the^'pi'osbut station.' Mr.1 Sutherland was in1 a"delight'- - "fully sarcastic humor at the- time, and care fully informed;the. water-melon party that he had a report before him which showed that on! the lino'referred to there iwore al ready 10 platforms withiu a distance !6f 18 miles. As these were apparently1 insuffi cient tlie fetter, plan; would be for, the depu tation . to' ask for oiio continuous platform right along the whole route,. This1'would enable eyery',man to have a 'platform'*'*'i'ig>lit agin,! his own door," and As the ' present Government-was the most obliging one< in the world, ho had no doubt but: the modest request' 'alluded to would be-granted.' -Tlije sole business of, the Works Department ,wa's ttoi supply platforms for the people, .of Hornsby, and1 he sincerely hoped;>ithey would never; forget that fact. The' deputa tion ,then thanked the Ministoi" profusely, spat,on his boots, and left, to.the strains,,of " The Dead 'March in Saul," played by* a bilious-looking foreigner on a broken-winded hurdy-gurdy j, And this reminds' mq; that the Commissioner for Railways has promised to try and' introduce some system, of averag ing the weight of fruit carried on the rail way.^ The system of averaging, as applied to. wool,'gave such unqualified jsatisfaction that much1 is expected from Mr. Goodchap'a new'ideii,." !; 1 V ■"! ' #. '•'■Apropos--to''railways, it is just about, time :tbat, in-the interests of:the travelling public, some, sort of reform should bo enforced as regards the duties of the railway officials on night duty. •In''nearly'every'case:-'the1 ^im portant post'of nijght1)6fficer"in^charge is given;fto-'■very: young' men, and 'thtiy' 'are1 ro qiiiredJtbrremiwn rtn ' duty and'keep''their bodily and departmental lamps well'trimmed from' 6' p.mV:! till' 6 a'.'m! j 1 Sundays ' not •' ex /repie'dji^ndall:' this ' time'y'tljj^ satisfaction of knowing' that a very,, slight :orror dor piece , of ^carelessness .on ! their I'part may wreck a train,- and landthem, for :.a spell in gaol. No man caa get proper sleep i'nj the. day .time', and, as a rule,' the. yoiuig 'railway' night, clerk doesnJ; try ,to do' so. .Like,all other young men lio ha'sja'desire to see, 'some' little '-.life and! onjf.y/'..wlijitoyer amusement is,.; going, audj'so it,', f^e'quo'ijtly liiappeiis that lie. comes to W.prk'i thoroughly knocked •!up, and exhausted, after. a day's" hard cricketing, or shooting, or, worse still, after a day of unlimited '' loo;" and tangle foot iii propoiriiibii'..',.'.Therbighttraflto 'is at loast as great as the day businesk, and : tho danger is increased, so that the unlucky night clerk hak, to,kick himself at' intervals in ordor to keep wide awake, and see that he is not responsible for a collision. When we consider the marvellous immunity from railway accidents which' this colony enjoys, we must admit that our officials, as a rule, are the right men in the right places, and it, therefore behoves the State to treat them with that consideration to which _ tlieir straight-going conduct justly lays olaim to. It is tho simplest thing in the world to make a mistake in a railway, ^telegram that will send two trains thundering and crashing in each other, and strewing the line with tho lifeless mangled forms of travellers, who, but a second before were alive and hearty, and easy in tho confidonco thoy reposed in the railway service, and I fear that until something of the kind occurs no steps will be taken to make matters raoro cheorfulaud easyfor the night official. Generally speak ing, ,the night clerics receiye starvation salaries, out of all reasonable proportion to their duties, and I notice very few of tliem ever found hospitals,-or leavogjots of money to n ny of our public institutions. Some hou. m._ .liber, who has the real interest of tlio railway officials at heart, should make an ■immediate niove iii this matter, and by doing so lib will not only serve the said officials, but the general public as well. < ' ■;Mr. John See, M.L.A., has been wopyiug up our timber trade ('statistics of, late, anil it would appear that ho has discolored' the rpal reason wliy-our. saw mills are lying idle , aud our timber-gettersare swelling the ranks of tbo unemployed. When a small tax was imposed on timber last year it was Jacked against by the Opposition wii:^ |yery .booJ that could be raised, and -asi.-feir^Heiny Parkes' policy is to undo all that the late Government did, he is about to make an effort to repeal the imposition. The import list for 1885 shows that wo were swamped with 19,062,000 feet of dressed, and 46"442,000 of'?indressed"vtimber,' anduf the tax is wiped off-wliole forests of foreign stuff ^-wll^be tiirown-i'n on^our »marketi"and a thriving native industry will be crushed out of existence. Tin's. may bo wisdom in the Premier's eyes, but the bullet of' us looki upon it as the height of folly. /• * -U, rv; It lias just leaked out that the G overn ment liave paid Messrs Goodlett and Smith £99,850,16s»7d(for their wharf andtpropcrty at Pyrmont, which, by the way, 1ms been let to that fortunate firm at a yearly rental of £1200. That's tlieAWfiy, thei;Stfttb, jnoneyi goes at present. If £99,850, lOk 7d is H ie' correct price to pay for this property the Goodlet people have had a mighty soft thing when they only paid a rental of £1200 a year, or one and a quarter per cent on its value. Either the Government havo generously handed the firm a nico little New, Year's gift in the shape of £70, 85f),'10s '7d, or they aro making that firm an annual pi°* sent of £4,611. This may be capital fun for lithe goodlett abmpafty. <bgtfit igta gtrter "saiiiplo oAlie style^ouf- public affairs are bungled. If Ministers would only manage the public business with half tho sbrewdness( they do their private trausactioiii^oilr1 big deficit would soon bo a thing of the past. # # # The latest invention in the way of fasliioif able flirtation is the " Language of Gloves," and it enables young persons of antagonistic I sexes to correspond safely!witli > bach other,-' even under the eyes of the smartest duenna that ever lived. Part of, the MauOTngG.'; runs thuW^Fit/l®8 from thb right MndMf Volt wifctf to fexpVesif that you idon't think much ol a partner, take the right glove partly .off.-If.a.lady. wishes a gentleman to follow her into the next room to discuBB the Bulgarian situation, or the like, she strikes her leflj amp jvith both-gloves.'"" No," is said by rolling both gloves in tlioright hand. "Hove you still," is expressed iby slowly,and carefully smooth ing b6fflil globed, I If tlye lddyjd^iEoUo InioSv. if her affection is reciprocated, she puts on half the left hand glovo, one finger at a time. " Be on yoju; guard, against/ythe -governor," or, 41 lookfopt'for ixiy iiiother-in law," is said by delicately twisting the glove fingers round the thumb, and, if a young ladyi ,"[h'aa her | buttq^sjofiy j oil [feels jmajd about anything, she simply, makes' a cross with both her gloves and proceeds to lay them on her lap in that position. These, are the principal and most simple rulestib.h't if it be studied in its entirety the glove language will bo found to bo nearly as com plicated, and to t requiro ,t).lnl08t as jmuchi practice1,1 jIs' Atldison's1 famous language of Stlie fan, # # ; " The ghosts are up to their lai'M agaili.S " 'Some days ago " (says the Mudtjeo Inde pendent, which is the little George Washing ton of country; newspapers) j farmer named* tlarge, ^L-esidihg in * the 'vicinity of Oooyal, reported to the police that for several nights himself and family had^been .torrified in consequence; of/stones; |somo .'o| which weighed lllb,' continually dropping ansido the house, apparently coming through itlw roof., The fun,of the affair, lies ,in< tlio, tfafet}th£t|thil playfulness pn(.thfe| pni'fc of the' ■ghbsts is liever Bhown unless Mrs. Large is iin' the room', although that good woman persists in , declaring that, so far^aF slie* knows, she nover injured a ghost in all her life timo. Several sceptic neighbour^; ai^d; a few still more sceptic policemen visited the place, "from information received," and as:- Mrs. Large, was^absent, and, no. gjbber mfffiflf^Stibibspf ^ore,;' flhowri ji; tuey ;;\ya|ed fii'liliaDlo, iandj |jvere giving- Hhe 'Cooyal Mmerffhpi^ pfivftt^ opinions; fa; job;-typo lang^g^aWut 'tJio' businesswh'eii-his wife xorai^d? aiidthe fun1 "at once began. Small stones, about the size of the pro verbial pigeon's, egg, wero pelted; at .first,j but as they oiily struck, the woman, and I did her 110 apparent damage, the visitors stood their ground, and admitted that there werepiore things in heav.eni and earth.Vand thgi^ooyal. dietrioti tli&ri; their M.pfiilosopliy ooulcl ever liope to wrestle with. Presently, however, the sizo of the " ghostly missiles " increased, and when a gibber as1 large as"a~ rich man's tombstone dropped on the head of a friend named Parker ho immediately roBe,- and said his,old-yromap would be ex-5 pecting;liim/b°mo to supper- Shortly after' this aJew bjocks-of granite, woighing about four tons six hundred weight and a half each were dumped down, and three other visitors at once stepped- o,ut. to see? if it " looked like rain,'[ ancj evtyehtly (orgot to return. Quite a bombardment of boulders followed, and when it oeased, a goat and half a dozen hens were Blung through* a; window, upon which the most' courageous member- av-fch- -foorce -present opened the door, shook his jrnton fiercely at the dark, ness,'jaid'shouted, 'jfComo! quit yer thricks now.(^i'^e bii^wajfchin'iyo furj sum ioiino, an' bogorra av yer do not stop soon oi'll run ye into Mudgee." Just as ho finished a cow came bellowing and clattering down : the chimney, and tlio inteprid officor ran himself into '* Moodgeo" without a moment's hesitation, the rest of his com panions starting off also to see that lie arrived, safely. , After, a horse and, cart,' and 1 a team of bullbcks 'liad 'been dropped, through .tbo roof; I the'ghosts closed1 the en tertainment, for,that night by settingifiret to the scrub, and singing the " Wearing of the Green." Several other performances have Bince been given, however, and 011 Friday last the goblins finished up by pelting half a dozen aldermen on top of Largo himself, which so disgusted him that he vowed he'd lcavo the place next day. He says ho can stand blocks, and^kficks, apifygoats, bat lio drara/tho line ajt; aldormonj, and ttf'^ ghosts themselve^ can't bo much'hccountr or. they'd ne'yer associate witli^sueli porsofis^ The,'whole affair is' onsliroiidodjiin mystery twpfj feefcftlijck, ;bt\t Mr,' A/' G. Taylor/-'lias promised to obtain a select committee at £7 a head, per diom, to enquire into the busi ness.. j ; j 