A POLITICAL PROPHECY. TJIK Premier was troubled in his mind, lie had had a long innings, but he was, as yet, far from dissatisfied with his many places and his paltry pay. Increase of appetite had grown by what it fed on, and he prayed that his portfolios might last for ever. But he was an old politican. and he knew that the end must some day come. Like all his class, he was superstitious; he longed to read the future and know how Boon the day of his doom was to he. "Deakin," said he to his companion in prosperity, " I fain would know when we shall have to vacate the Treasury Benches You have had some experience in fortune-telling, have you not ? You have held communion with spirits in days gone by—is it not so?" "Vex not their ghosts," said Alfred, uneasily. " Recall not my youthful indiscretions. I no longer believe in spirits. They don't pay, and as a politician I can only believe in what pays." " True, quite right," said Gillies. "You enunciate the precept and the practice of my own life. Still one may occasionally dally with the supernatural. I would have our future fortune told. Say, do you know of any cunning woman who could tell it for us ?' "I do one," said Alfred, "a wrinkled dame most cunning with the cards. She claims to be the seventh daughter of a seventh daughter, to whom the fates have given the power of reading the future. Wilt thou test her boasted power ?" "Aye, will I ?" was the quick reply. "I fear no womankind. Lead on—1 follow thee !" The two famous politicians enveloped themselves in their over-coats and went out into the night. Alfred led this way through dark alleys to the Sybil's cave, which was a small weatherboard cottage in one of the suburbs The witch, upon learning the object of their visit, produced a dirty pack of cards, and was going through the usual formula when Duncan interrupted her— " A truce to this mummery," said the practical politician. We don't want to hear about fair women and dark men, or journeys over water. We would know how long we are to remain in power. Tell us that and as briefly as possible." The fortune-teller, fixing her eyes on vacancy and raising her skinny forefinger, spoke thus :— " In spite of Patterson or Bent The Gillies-Deakin Government Through apathy and ruse-fulness Shall still outlive its usefulness." " It needs no ghost come hot from hell to tell us that," said Duncan. " It has long since outlived its usefulness. How long will it endure—or in other words, how long will it be endured '!' Again the Sybil spoke— " Till the hurly-burly's done, Till the battle's lost and won, Till the railway's run to Kew—" " Thanks," said Gillies, "that will do. Come, Deakin I want to hear no more. If this witcli speaks true our Ministry is safe for another live years, at least." And the two politicians went upon their way rejoicing. 