GAME CHANCE. Br ELLA J. CURTIS (SHIRLEY SMITH), Author of "The Favorite of Fortune,^ "Ail (for Herself,' "His Laat Stake," &o.;, &o.; [Published by speola arrangement with tha author. Al righta reserved. CHAPTER XXXV.-(Continued). " I think it is very wrong to force her to marry Mr. Milbanke if she care3 for Charles Roaaitur," said Letty. "Dear me, are you coming out as an advocate of romance ?" cried Mias Masham. " And why should I not 1" asked Letty quickly. " A.re not all women romantic ? 1 believe Judith care for young Roasitur ; why, then, should not Lord Stillingfort do something for him and let them marry 2" "Because, my dear, in the first place the Stillingforts are as proud as Lucifer, and they do not believe ' that rank is bub the guinea stamp,' unless the commoner has plenty of stamped guineas; and, in the second, because I believe that Lady Judith herself does not love this youth enough to give up position and money for his sake." " A woman ought to give up everything in the world for the man she loves." " Dear me, now is that so ?" said Miss Masham, with her little head on one side like a pert bird. " I thought love had gone out of fashion ages and ages ago. But, no doubt, you know more about it than I do." " Indeed I do not. I never wa3 in love, and I never mean to be." " That being the case it is a pity you happen to be married." And then came the abrupt rematk-"And so he is back from America?" "If you are speaking of Mr. Otway, |I believe he came back from Florida a fort night ago." " And is there any chance of our seeing him down here ? He is a man we all like very much-at least I can speak for my self." " I should think Little Centre Bridge ia about the last place in England he would come to." ."That is strange, too, considering that his wife lives here." " Now, Miss Masham, you know per fectly well that he and I -would go a hun dred miles out of our way to avoid one another." "I know nothing of the kind; and I think if you did you would take a great deal of unnecessary exercise. I believe if you were to writ8 to-day and say, ' Herbert, come,' he would telegraph to say, ' Letty, I am coming,' and when you met you would rush into one another's arms.' " I am quite sure I shouldn't rush into his." "But if he ruahed into youra it would do just as well " Letty shook her head. "Then, my dear girl, if you do not love Herbert Otway (and if I were a young lady and married to him I should simply adore such a nice handsome fellow) it is your duty to have the marriage annulled and to marry someone else, and to allow him to marry, too. " I do not want to marry anyone." "But he may have fallen in love with some girl he met in America. You can't tell. The American women are very fascinating, and it is a shame to keep him gagged and bound when you do not want him yourself." " I do not want to keep him, I assure you," Letty answered him with some asperity. "Be may marry a dozen American women, one more fascinating than the other, if he likes." "I have no doubt one would satisfy him, but he ought to be free to choose. What in the world is the matter with the child new ?" Letty's face had flushed suddenly from chin to bi ow, and as suddenly the color all faded away again, leaving her as white as a ghost. " Look, look, Miss Masham," she cried, " Do you see who is coming up the drive ?" Misa Masham ran to the window and looked out. " Herbert Otway himself," she ex claimed ; "now, Letty, faint in hia arms, and everything will come right." But Letty drew herself up stiffly. " I am not going to meet him," she said. 