NOTES IN PARLIAMENT, Serious business did not commence last night till Mr. Gormly. stepped forward to take a fall out of the Government, Mr. Hawken had a .prior motion on the paper dealing with the Speaker's action in bundling out the whole ODDoaition on that memorable morning when the censure debate met its violent and unprecedented end. He got into a dismal fog, however, at the first step, and gave up the ghost. Ho was proceeding to explain that he did not wish to impute blame to the Speaker, or to say. that the course bo . took was wrong. If it was wrong he would bo quite satisfied and hold his tongue' about it. The whole thing was.. right, hut right in the wrong way, and he wanted the House to vote it wrong with the view of making it wrong in the right way, which be thought much preferable to. having it left as it was— right in the wrong way. When he got about thus far Sir Henry Parkes charitably appealed to him to drop it, and Mr. Hawken finding himself hopelessly bewildered thereupon collapsed with a feeble groan. Mr. Melville and Mr. Abigail bristled up at .each other once or twice over the inevitable b noosepaper. parygrawf," but tboy were' kept apart. and no domago resulted. Then Mr. Thompson, another 'member who sometimes gets in the way when serious business, is on hand, was hunted off with hit two outlandish motions — one about Chinamen and anothor about irrigation— thus leaving the ground clear for Mr. Gormly to begin his attack- Like the . French entering into the fatal struggle of 1970, the Government went into this contest with a light heart. They reckoned, however, .without their hpst. Mr, Gormly sent them to grass ignominiously at too. first charge. The motion he moved was, in . one tense, an amendment - on tho - Government's finan cial policy. As one way of economising for next year, the. Government propose to reduce the subsidies, paid to agricultural societies by three-fourths. Mr. Gormly accepted this as a direct challenge . to himself, and immediately offered them battle on the issue. He put a motion on the paper direct ing that the subsidies remain as originally' fixed, and after a short but decisive struggle enrried it with flying colors. What caused; Mr. Gormly 's gorge to rise more than any thing else was that while cuttingdo wn the subsidies . to the country shows, Wagga included, a lump vote of £7000 was offered for the pro motion of a centeunial show iu Sydney. The line of defence adopted by the Go vernment was that there were too many country shows. Instead of every little liamlet getting up its tin-pot exhibition, Mr. Burns argued that it would be much better to have shows only in the larger centres, where Ihty could bo made worth seeing. If the reduction of tho subiidy, therefore, starved a few of the weaker societies to death, well and good. He was not concerned about keeping tbem alive by Government spoon-feeding. Besides he was short of money and had none to spare for any such purpose. This view received a good deal of support, and Mr. Wilson, an ally of llr. Gormly's, stated his intention of moving i,. committee that no subsidy at all be granted to any society with a subscription roll less than 200 a year. But that was no reason, they argued, for cutting down the subsidies to those societies which, as tho Government them selves admitted, ought to he encouraged. Mr. Cameron did not seo what business a Government which was unable to pay its way had offering £7000 to an abortive centannial show in Sydney, seeing that it was agreed to let Melbourne hold the real exhibition of the century. A resolution of the House passc-i as far back as November last authorised the ex penditure, replied Mr. Abigail. True, but then, as Mr. Abigail is aware, the House voted it out of tlmt big surplus which has since turned out to be a deficit. If the Government were to act fairly, there fore, this, as well as all the other fancy votes passed on the strength of that imagi nary sfffp'us, would be left off their present estimates. Instead of that up gets Mr. Abigail to hold members down to the pieces of extravagance which they were led to sanction through being assured by Mr. Burns tbnt the Government had more money than they know what to do with. When the division came 33 member? crossed the floor behind Mr. Gormly and 21 behind Sir Henry Parkes. Hurroo I . When Mr. Gormly walked away with the Government scalp in his belt, Mr. Hassall took the fioor. Tho question then was, " that any scheme of railway pro posals submitted to this House should include the , already proposed line from Narrabri to Moree." Mr. Hassall's special mission to Parliament is to agitato for this " already proposed" line. Tho Jennings-Dibbs Government were in power when he entered the Legislature, aud they would uudertake to make a line from Narrabri to anywhere so long as he slept In the lobby and woke up to vote as soon as Mr. Melville called upon him. During their regime, therefore, it was very much " proposed" indeed. Mr. Sutherland, how ever, thinks that the line is a good investment and promised that the Cabinet would give it fair consideration. Mr. Dangar, on the strength of a 30-years' personal acquaint ance with tho proposed route, assured them that they could not do better. Mr. Garland's knowledge of the place was more limited, dating no further back than last week, but he endorsed Mr. Danger's opinion of it. Then Mr. Waddoll and Mr. Wilson, ardent advocates of all back-block lines, had to put in a word, and Mr. See mado a speech to promulgate that the unemployed might as well bo making railways — if only from Grafton to Glen Innes — as clearing scrub at the National Park. Mr. Suther land's promise, however, rendered tho whole of this discussion apropos of nothing, and after it had lasted for a couple of hours Mr. Hassall withdrew his motion. Mr. Lyne followed Mr. Hassall with an exactly similar request for a railway from Wagga to Tumberumba. Mr. Sutherland gave an evasive reply, at which Mr. Lyne got mad, and was going to press the motion for a division. Sir Henry Parkes, however, sub sequently mollified him by promising to give the matter fair consideration and volunteering his individual opinion '-'that the railway was one which ought to be made." The motion was thereupon with drawn and the House adjourned. 