FRIDAY, OCTOBER2U, 1887. Thk Numurtah Standard and thepsrty of which it seems to be the inspired oracle, are just now enjoying a harm less cackle over an imaginary tri umph ; with a species of Mephisto phelian glee, they are gloating over the partial and illusory success of the petty tactics by which they Imped to obstruct a movement designed for the benefit of the farming and grazing interests of Victoria. Capable of originating nothing themselves ex cept disunion and mischief, they find congenial occupation in abortive ef forts to frustrate any good attempted by others. Apparently' having no real sympathy with a mavement which extends beyond the narrow range of their own personal aims and interests, they would sacrifice the welfare of the agricultural and pas toral community for the sake of a fleeting and paltry party triumph. Actkvus Want>, In a spirit of en thusiastic patriotism, was ready to sacrifice the last drop of the blood of his nearest and dearest relatives in the cause of the onion. In the cansc of disunion and petty jealonsy, onr contemporary is prepared to immo late the fanners and graziers of Vic toria. It is some comfort, however, to the friends of progress and pros perity, that these shallow tactics will recoil on their authors. The farmers, whose vital interests are at stake in the issues raised, possess too mncli practical shrewdness to become the'1 dupes of any “ Mar-all ” like our con. temporary, who may be best des cribed in tile lnngungc of Mom eve’s LKtaurdi, ns “ so opinionated of bis own abilities, that be is ever design ing somewhat, and yet be sows h is stratagems so shallow, that any daw can pick ’em up.” From the outset an attempt, evidently pveeoneerted, was made to introduce an element of discord into the meetingof farmers at Numnrknli last Saturday. The “batch of liarmckei-s,” not of MrCoi.mvEi.i.'s following, ns the Standard menda ciously pretends, but composed of its own kindred and congenial spirits, endeavoured to create an unseemly disturbance, with the object of break ing up the assemblage, regardless of tiie good name of the oixlerly por tion of the people of Numurkah. IJnt even though Mr M‘Kav nearly suc ceeded in disgusting and dissipat ing the meeting by his flippant, oration, and when the anarchists were chuckling in anticipation over the prospect of stifling discussion, by these tactics, there was a small, but compact and influential majoriiy in favor of co-operation with the Protection Association. Argument, in the ordinary senso of the term, there was none ontside the few practical and necessarily hasty remarks of Messrs Coi.dwku. and Yocxo. But there was nn amusing spice of Rip- Van-Winklcistn in the gravity with which Mr Wim.iams declared himself an advocate of intercolonial free-trade. Tlic vener able dame who attempted to stem the ocean tide with a besom was no more of an optimist than Mr \V 11,1,1 ams in his solitary a herence to a long exploded do. trine. Pio tection has long been, and still is, tlie recognised political creed of this colony, and even if Mr Wim.iams | were a snpcrlmnian genius, of which, with all due deference to him, he lias not yet shown any satisfactory sign, he conld not revolutionise the existing order of things. “ If land which had originally cost £1 per acre was worth £5 to £6 per acre now,” nsked this shining light, “ where was the cause of com plaint ? ” This guileless innocence of the mere rudiments cf political economy is absolutely nniquo. Any state school boy must see tlint Mr Wim.iams docs not understand the difference between the tci.ns value and price. He takes no account of land, value or rental, lie seems to be oblivious of the fact that land is one of the three agents of production, and that in order to calculate the profits of production we must deduct, the enrrent rent on the capitalised value. If land at £5 or £0 an acre does not yield a fair rent on its capitalised value, the owner must either lose in capital or labor, sell out and invest, in some better farm or take himself and his money' to some better country-. This is pre cisely what has happened at H 'me, whence thousands of farmers, who formed the bone and sinew of the country, have emigrated to America or Australia, leaving large areas of agricultural land unutilised. The final resnlt is a depreciation in the value of land. If Mr Wiimvms’ double-edged argument is worth anything, it means that land o uHi to yield five or six times more now than it did when it was woith £1 an acre. Mr Bkvxclusox’s remarks were equally- puerile and crude. He advancod the remarkable conten tion that the stockowners of New South Wales would bring stock for sale in the Victorian markets, no matter wlmt amount of Stock 'lax were levied, or, in other words, that they would deliberately sell at a loss, and enrich ns at the price of their own bankruptcy and min. Our friends over the border will hnidlv feel grateful to Mr Rkv.voi.dsox for such a compliment. Aga'n, lie is nn enthusiastic admirer of a du‘y of :!s n bushel on malt, of which Victoria ex ported a surplus of 31,852 bushels in 1885, while he thinks 2s n bushel on wheat is enough, for the reason that there is also a surplus of that com modity. These little eccentricities are characteristic of smart men like Mr Rkyxomison. He is also deeply concerned lest by our poliev of protec tion we should “strain the harmoni ous relations” between Victoria, N-w South Wales and Tasmania, a’ son orous diplomatic phrase which he has, no doubt, acquired in sitting at th*1' feet of the OAVAUKi.of The Standard. We wonder the strain did not reach j the snapping tension long ago if there I is anything more in Mr Rkynoi.dson’s feats than the bogey of a distorted Imagination. Hud he read the ex cellent Age pamphlet on “ Protection in Victoria remit* Free-Trade in New South Wales,” he wonld have seen that if that colony or Tasmania were foolish enough to perfomi the surgical operation described in the homely phrase of “ cutting off one’s nose to spite one’s face,’’ the ghost of retalia tion W0 ild have assnmed bodily frrm long ere this. But hardy colonies do not, after the foolish fashion of the Numurkah Standard and its small coterie of admirers, it'.emptto smash up every thing in which tliev cannot have exactly their own way. New f’onth Wales and Tasmania trade with ns, and will continue to do so because it is their interest to do so. As to tho other colonies, tho balance or trade was against them and in favor of Victoria, in 188,5, os follows-_ South Australia, £300,523 ; Western Australia, £00,722. The task of ex posing eeriatum, the absurd blunders and shallow sophistries of what, hr v figure of speech, we may term thi arguments of Messrs Wilmams, Rkt NOI.D80V, and M‘Kay, would be more amusing that instructive, or profitable. We have reserved the leading article in Tuesday’s Standard til fie Inst, on tho samo principle that the farce usually winds up on enter tainment. Our contemporary is so intoxicated with his own conceit that lie indulges in a kind of Donnybrook whoop, and'invites us to tread on the tail of his coat. Ho challenges “ the champion political economist, of the A dvtrtiserto a pen and ink duel la nitnmce. Softly, friend! If our con I temporary is getting blue mouldy for a | little wholesome literary castigation, lie will get it in good time. It is equally as futile to waste serious argument on him as to imply a Nsmyth hammer to crush a fly. lie tells us that “ to speak of putting an ad valorem duty on products whose value is subject to constant fluctuation? smacks of ignorance." lie is obviously* ignorant himself of the fact that in 1885 the taxation was raised in this colony on 05 classes of goods to the value of .£1,1)84,251. Among these ■ were cloths nnd tweeds £114,271; j dress goods containing silk, £31)8,872; apparel, £322,!H53; silks and satins, £225,127, nnd numerous other articles, such ns clocks, watches, en gines, agricultural implements, ma chinery, blankets, flannels, gloves, trillings and rutiles, and patent medi cines. Do these never fluctuate in 1 price ? The tariffs of South Aus tralia, Western Australia, nnd New Zealand are similarly largely com pose! of ad valorem duties on goods which constant'y fluctuate in market prices. We find amongst these preserved meats, salt beef and pork, bides, bis cuits, fli*nr, ntairenn, preset res, and staple articles of consumption, ve! we are gra>c'y assured by the oracle of Numur .ah that to make a tax rise and fall with fluctuations of market values is surely the height of absurdity.” 1 anil “smacks of thegrossest ign ji-nnee.’’ Wlmt could be more fluctuating than incomes, and yet there is an Income Tax in Kngland. There are Property Taxes in the Colonics, nnd could any thing fluctuate more in market value than land Bnd real property ? Has our sapient contemporary never heard of such a plan as a sliding scale ? Of course we ought to accept it as doctrine that our Nuinurkah contemporary is a transcendental genius and oracle on all sorts of subjects, nnd thnt all Go vernments and people of these colonies are ignorant and benighte I. Put as we listen to the mystic mutteriugs of the Mumbo-Jumbo of the Standard,. we connot but recognise that bis oracu lar deliverance that some people “ do not know what they are talking about ” must have been evolved from his own inner consciousness, nnd our admira tion vanishes in a feeling of commise ration for the humiliation of his con fession. Amongst the tenders accepted by the railway department on Monday last we note the following:—Supply of poles and construction of telegraph lines on the Nr murkah to Cobram railway (about 21 miles), T. Ilurnett, £324 15s 6d ; supply of poles and construction of telegraph line" on the Shcpparton to Dookic railway (alio, t 14 miles), T. Burnett, £22G Cs Gd ; supply of poles and construct ion of telegraph lines along the Nnmurkah to Nathalia railway (about 14 miles), T. Barnett, £210 2s; Water supply works, kc., at Toolamba, H. .Hart, £1,444 Is. We learnt with regret Irons Mr A. F. Rowe on Monday afternoon last, that Mr W. G. Campbell, brother of our late townsman and popular manager of the National Bank met his death under painful circumstances last Saturday. It appears that after a cricket match betwern Horsham and Murtoa, Mr Campbell, whs captui cl the Murtoa team and had played an exceptionally fast innings, including a five and several fours, was taken with vomiting. He was removed from the ground, and attended to by Dr Cross, who found him rapidly sinking. He was taken home to Murtoa, and despite the skill of Dr Garliek he died at 11 o’clock that night of serious apofle cy, Uis lody was taken for burial to Sandhurst, where his parents reside. Mr Campbell’s abilities as a cricketer was well known throughout the Gjulburn jVallcy. The news of his un timely death was received witli profound regret by the wide circle of friends he had in this district. The spring race meeting at Caulfield was brought to a successful close on Satur day, when the Caulfield Cup was the great event of the day. The attendance was the largest yet seen on the course. Racing commenced with the Maidsn Plate, in which the New Zealand colt Tranter beat Pakeha, who ran such a good race a week before for tho Guineas. In the Nursery Stakes Lady Betty, who ran a dead heat with Consequence for tnc Great Foa( Stakes, was again seen to advantage, beat ing rather easily the South Australian colt Venture, who was made a strong favorite The Selling Race was gamely won by Violet. For the Caulfield Cup there were 22 starters, Volcano, shortening in price up to the hour of starting, being a very firm favorite. He was beaten at the end of a mile, awl Oakleigh, owned by Mr Martin Loughlin, beat Remus and Dunlop for places. The winner, who w s well ridden by Gorry, bas not been a great performer hitherto, his only victory last season being in the Smeaton Cup, though he was several times placed in moderate fields. The j Steeplechase resulted in another victory | for the Dowling Forest stable, Kangaroo who came out for the first time since he i changed hands, and was ridden by Corrigan fairly galloping over his Hold, and as his jumping was something sensational ho won ! comfortably. In tho Windsor Handicap I Bor had the lead for nearly tho whole I distance, but was beaten on the post by Dufierin. At the ordinary fortnightly meeting o the Victorian Fanners’ Protection Associa tion which takes place at the Victoria Hall, Tallygaroopna, to-morrow afternoon, the platform to bo suhmit'ed by tiio dele gates at the conference which takes place in Melbourne on 2nd prox., will be adopted. Other important business is to be transacted, and it is hoped as many members as can make it convenient will Os Tuesday last Messrs Hall and Gra ham, together with several other Parlia mentary Representatives, waited on the Commissioner ot Trade and Customs, ask ing for a remit’ance of tho lls per cwt. at present charged on twine used by farmers for tho reaping and binding machines. It was pointed ont that originally the twine had been admitted free, and that this duty had been imposed by Mr Langdon when he was Minister oi Customs. Mr Walker, in reply! said be wonld consider, the state ments made by the deputation, rnd would ascertain from experts exactly whether the material referred to was cordage or twine, aid would then give h’a decision as to whether the doty should be repealed or f Mr A lux Hall, dentist, from Williams I town, will visit Shcpparton on Wednesday, Tnd Novi mlmr, and may be consulted a Mr Broad’s Coffee Palace (near the Shire Hall) on that day from 12 noon till S p.m. A Conkkhk.nck of delegates convened by (lie Victorian Farmers* Protection Aasocia tion, is to be held in the Exchange, Mel bourne, on Wednesday. 2nd November, day after Cup Day, for the purpose of de ciding upon a definite line of action with regard to the revision ot the Tariff in the interests of Victovian agriculturists. About lt>0 circulars base been issued to the vari ous branch associations (of which thore are already alxmt 35), fanners’ clulis and nnions, and agricultural societies through out the oolony, and it is expected a 1 Knit tlio samo number of delegates will be present. The secretary is being notified ot tiic appointment of delegates by almost every mail. Wo trust that .Shcpparton will be fully represented at the conference A team to play the Murchison Cricket Club, at Murchison, will Ire chosen from the following. Any member nnablc to go will pleuse notify the secretary as early as possible :—Haymes, Byass, Smith, Allday, Atarnethy, Johnson, Taylor, Horan, Pet tit, .Baumgartner, Jackson, Welshman, Allen, Fosdick. Next which the Government in tend introducing a bill in the Legis lative Assembly embodying their new scheino of railway in-uninc". The Bill will provide for tlio issue of “insur ance tickets ” to any passenger who may apply for them. A small charge will be made for every ticket issued, and ties will mean the possession by the passenger of a policy of insurance in case of accident or death of a value not to exceed LI,000. A graduated scale has been prepared by ac tuaries. and the Government will, if the Bill pass, enter into an agreement with insurance companies for giving effect to its piovisions. Under the Bill juries arc, in railway accident cases, prohibited from awarding more than L2.000 damages for the deatli of any one person. . Both the Premier and Mr S|>eight consider the ver d ict in the case of Mr Psrkes an excessive one. The Bill will not be made retro spective. A deputation, composed of Messrs Hall and Graham and a few other members for country districts, waited upon.the Commis sioner of Customs on Tuesday, to ask that the duty upon reaper aud binder twine might be abolished. It appears that this duty was put on without proper authority, and now it was sought to abolish it. Mr. Graham was the mover iu the matter, and with a few of the new country party Air. Walker was convinced that the duty should never have been collected. Two or three rope manufacturers were present to up -hold the duty, but they could not agree as to the twine being corded, and the regula tions only admit ot collection upon corded twine. Mr. Walker’s decision will be given in a week, so as to come into effect before the fanners have to arrange for twine for uext harvest. Sporti.vo men will learn with regret that Mr Banitt’s horse, Tally Ho, succumbed to the injuries ho sustained at the Sheppar tor. races through colliding with the horse of the clerk of the course. The concussion was so great that it completely burst the poor horse internally. His jockey, who was sent flying some 20 or 30 yards ahead, escaped scathless. The cl: k of the course, Mr D. Trcahy, who was dismounted at the time, had a miraculous escape; both he ami his horse were felled, yet both escaped with a bruise or scratch. Tub voonci Ladies’ Journal November Part.—We have always a word of praise for this "illustrated magazine.” To those who may not he acquainted with it we recommend it for its intrinsic usefulness • it should he on the work-table of every family, not merely as a guide to those industrious ones who pride themselves iu making the thousand and one articles comprising feminine attire, but also for thoso fond of faucy-work. Of course there is the usual beautifully-coloured illustrations of the uewest Paris Fashions. Oa the justly so-called Gigantic Supple ment is a full-size pattern for cutting out a polouaise. All the old-established” fea tures of music, pastimes, cookery recipes, and hints of household management, are continued, and the stories arc admirably illustrated as well as admirably written. A new serial story, intitlcd "Germaine," is begun in the November part. The Council of Agricultural Education met on Tuesday in the room of the Minister of Lands, Dr Plummer presiding. The application ot the Tragowel- plains Irriga tion Trust, that the council should pay the salary of a superintendent for a local ex perimental farm, ou condition that all other expenditure upon the farm was otherwise subscribed, was considered. Mr D. Martin, secretary for agriculture, pointed out that the council could not legally expend money on any lands that were not vested in the council. Tlio letter was referred to the agricultural committee. Mr Pudney, superintendent of the Doohie Expel imeutal Farm, supplied p’-ins ami estimates for establishing a similar farm on the Longereuong estate, in the Wimmera district, with accommodation for 40 pupils. There were a'tcmative plans for the build ings. estimated to cost respectively £3.oO> £4,000, and £5,000. The council were in favor of accepting the lowest estimat-, With certain alterations in the plans, an 1 On the motion of Mr W. Maild‘-n it w as agreed that the architect should be com municated with, and ordered to give effect to them. Mr Puduey asked for permission to purchase horses for the stocking and working of the farm. Mr Yco protested against Mr Pudmy being entrusted with the purchase of stock, as from conver ati. n < lie had had with him he did not regard him as a practical man in that department. It was agreed that Mr Pnduey should be authorised ta pa.chase three young work ing horses for the farm. Mr Madden suggested th it if there were any doubt on the point Mr Pudney should be written to reminding him that he had uo authority of purchase stock without tho permission 11 the council. Tub Kiev. R. amt Mrs Miller will conduct the Anniversary Services of tho Unite 1 Methodist Free Churches on Sunday. Tho rev. gentleman will he remembered by some as preaching the o)»cning ser mons or the 8hopi»rton Church nrnny years ago. Tim sNoiXD night of the Show, as usual, brings a round of entertainments both profitable and citltv wise. Prominent among them on this occasionWe might mention the tea-meeting ou behalf the. Uaplist Church, which will tie held in the Mecluuiirs Hall, The tea, of coirsc, will be all that a hungry hunter could desire, whilst we have it on goad authority that the quality of the after speeches will he high, tho matter being both entertaining and instructive. Among the local ministers mentioned [n an advertisement In another column will pro) ' lably appear one of Melbourne's brightest. Mr H'CLiiBX, a Sandhurst miner, who for seme weeks pcit has been prospecting among the Dookie Ifongcs in the hope of discovering a gold mine, yesterday brought into this town a few pieces of quarts, in which tho precious metal was seen to be glittering. Ho states that he obtained this stone directly ou the surface. The reef whenco they were taken Is about 2 feet wide. A meeting Is to he held this day at Ourbury’s hotel, for tho pur. paso of floating a company to follow up Mr Mh01urc*s discover!'. A 8PKC1AI* commit»kk meeting of the Shepparton' Amalgamated Agricultural, Horticultural, and P toml Society, will be held at the Public -Hall morrow* mornin-, at 11 o’clock. Tim business to dealt with U to reconsider the decision of the committee “that the Dookie Kami exhibits Ihj not allowed to connate at tlie forthcoming show/* and other Important business. A nmn.u, meeting of the Shire Council is to l»c held to-iiinrrow morning at U o’clock. It is notified by advertisement that several officers of the Salvation Anny, nmler command n/ Stnff-tJaptnin (Juiek, will o}m*ii a campav.ni in Shop* jsirten on Saturday ni^ht, commencing at 8 o'clock. The Services will be continued next day from! a.m. | Wk ^ark requested to draw attention to “ Turned IIcall,” which apjtcars in another column. j A Mmet so ok ratciiaycrH is to Ikj held at the ( Seven Creeks Hotel, Kiallu West, at i p.m., this iby, to dit-euxs the severance question. I Ho would draw attention to S. M'DonaldandCa’s I Can land »o Stock Sale, which is to be held on Tnes* day, October 25th. Intkmmxo KxmniToiLM will do well to rememlwr that entries for the Shep]carton Spring Show on /Wednesday and Thursday next, dose with the Secretary, Mr Harold H. Tumlev, to-morrow at S p.m., but late entries will l>c received up till Mon day, We understand that entries are coming in freely and tnero is every prospect that this year's exhibition will not l>c at all lacking itt success com pared with the nine previous shows held in Shejv Rrton. . V’isitors will note considerable improve ments In the show yards. Particulars of the arran:'V!ne«ts with the railway department for the running of rqrecial trains are given in on I advertising columns. r?f 