J^jf interregnum of six months, a fortnight's vapourous talk, and then holiday." This is the experience of i our legislators. Two weeks ago Par- | liaraent reassembled after a protracted recess, and the six nights wliich our rvjpreacn^^.^ — — have been devoted to the customary I unmeaning sentences that go to make a legislator's speech. After this Her- culeau exertion hon. members liare decided to adjourn for a fortnight to recuperate expended energy and— jubilatemeans, while we are paying the piper to a very costly tune. The whole of the fortnight has been shamefully wasted. Mr. BENT, in moving his want of confidence motion, must have known that he had aot the ghost of a show in carrying it to a successful issue; and he thoroughly exposed the weakness of his hand at an early hour on Friday morning by withdrawing his amendment. We are fully aware that certain, measures of the Government are. open to grave criticism ; aud the hour is nearly ripe for a searching inquiry into the administration of the mining and other departments, but we hold that the time selected by the leader of the Opposition was inopportune. We quite coincide with a contemporary that if the Assembly " were a debating society, and members were sent to Parliament for the purpose only of airing their eloquence, there new! be no occasion for complaint concerning the matter in which two weeks jlave Jjeen frittered away. But after ^ WQrkj n o t fc^ ought to be the principal aim of the Legislature; nor ^ u i d power of loquacity be held to £ valuable characteristic . . . , „ I of a representative of the people, j In common with other persons having interests of the colony at heart, ^ members will, after ™ c . . ., , , 7... the holiday incidental to the Jubilee celebrations, set down to work in real alld prove themselves worthy of the colony they represent. There is plenty of practical legislation rcquirm; immediate attention; and the reforms necessary for the proper working of n u m b e r o{ Jast session's enactments are So multitudinous that it will require very close attention and more than ordinary expedition to exhaust the . THF. celebration of the Queen's Jubilee will be carried out at Maldon on a large scale. The various committees appointed to supervise the demonstration have met with great success, and it only now remains for the general inhabitants to second their efforts, and evinco their loyalty by giving the movement every possible aid by attending the festivities on Tuesday. The Shire Council has been putting forward great efforts to assist every way the proper carrying-out of the Jubilee. As nearly as possible the following will be the programme of amuse ments:—At 12 noon, all the children throughout the shire are invited to attend in the Reserve and commence the festivities by singing the National Anthem It must be distinctly borne in mind that all children will be welcome at the fes tivitics, irrespective of age, sex, or denomination of any kind, the desire being to make the gathering general. Through out the day various sports will be entered into, particulars of which are given another column. At 1.30 p.m. all children are invited to be present at the State school building, where a sumptuous repast will be prepared. Medals will be dis tributud to children between the ages of 0 and IS attending any school (denominational or otherwise). The festivities will conclude with a magnificent display of fireworks, bon6res, &c.; We trust that large gathering of all ages will assemble 011 Tuesday to do honor to HER MA.JE.STV TBE QUEEN", and evince their loyalty the TJIEONE. 