CONGREGATIONALISM IN ENGLAND. at\tyrt?-3S 'RV DR. DA1.HL On Tuesday evening, Qepjemoer z/, uc. Dale of Birmingham, delivered on address in Stow Church on ' The History of Con?re ^.ri^iinn ;n Tlneland dunne the Last ifif tv Years. The lie v. Yt.n- xxescaer preawea over a large audience, and the meeting com menced by the choir singing the anthem, 'All ye Nations Praise the Lord.1' . The Chairman, in his_ opening remark*, said that happily the ywtoiy of regions eauality had been won here, but he hoped that the interests of tie tongregationalista of Scnth Australia in the straggle takin? place in England— which sirnggle was destined to be repeated among all the rations of Europe -would not grow less and less, and that they would look forward with confidence to the time when in every knd religion would be get free from State patronage and control. (Hear, hear.) .... , , . Dr Dale said he was afraid he had been unfortunate in the selection of a title for the address aaMr. Fletcher evidently imagined that he was going to tellthe atory of the struggle whiuh had been gomg on in England during the last fiftyjearsfor religious equality; bnt it had never occurred to him to say cr.e word about ft. The history of English Congregationalism was one thing and the history of the strugele for religions equality— although the Congregational body took part in it— wrs another. It had been bia good or evil fortune to have hia name rather inti mately connected with that great conflict, but in reality the matter had occupied a very inconsiderable portion of hia time, thought, or interest What he proposed to Bpeak about was ' The History of the Internal Life of the Congregational Churches,' for he felt it might be interesting to them to know something about tna changes which had taken place in the customs and modes of worship, in the preaching^ theology, and general life of those associated with the Con gregational Churches during thelast fifty years. Let him first refer to the relative strength of Co'gre2ationaliem U- the populatioa of Eng land and Wales in 1S37 and in 1887. Lithe year when the Queen came to the throne the estimated population of England was about 14,CG0,(O, in 1S87 the estimated population was 26 CSO OCO. The Congregational Chapels in England in 1S37 numbered 1,850; in 1SS7 the number was 3,300, so that the r-a iiber in proportion to the population was slightly less a5 the present moment than fifty years ago. But the accommodation provided in these buildings for the purposes of religious instruction and worship was, he believed, very much larger now than fifty jears ago. Many of the Church buildings which in 1S37 held 400 or 500 people had been enlarged and rebuilt and could now accommo date 1,000 people or more. Nearly all the new buildings were considerably larger than those erected duruigthe first decades of the century. How much more accommodation was pro vided now it was impossible for him to say or even roughly estimate, for Congregationalists in England had a most wholesome dread of central authorities, and if the Secretary of the Congregational Union esnt out a circu lar inviting a return of the accommodation which the Church bnildingB provided, he was sure that two-thirds of them would go into 'he waste-paper basket, and the Moncon fcrmist, Independent, and Christian World would be filled fcr a few weeks with letters fromindignant country correspondents. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) In Waleaia 1837 the popu lation was auout 860,000 and in 1887 about 1,500,000, cr nos quite double. In 1837 there were 450 Congregational Chapels in Wale3, and in 1887 there were 999, so that the numler had considerably more than doubled. (Hear, hear.) Great changes had taken place in the style of Chuvch buildings. In 1837 there were very few buildings of Gothic architecture; _ he doubted whether there we.e half a dozen Congregational Churshea which had spires and towers, and he was not sure that there was one. In the majority of the new Churches there was an attempt, not always successful, as he ven tured to think, to illustrate the ecclesiastical style. He ventured to doubt whether tha change had been wholly wise. It wa3 pos sible to use the Gothic for an? rjuxDose, bnt most architects and .Building Committees seemed to think that if they erected a Gothic building for congregational wor ship they must make it as like as pos sible to the ancient parish Churches of Eng land. These old Churches were admirable fcr the purpose for which they were erected, bat were not suitable for Congregational Church services. Their services were noc spectacular, nor did they need any long aisles for religious processions. They wanted a hall in which every person could see the minister and the minister could make every person hear without difficulcy. (Hear, hear.) What their fate had been with regard to Church architec ture in this colony be could not Bay, but the Congregational Churches in England during the last £L;y years had been boilfc more or less beautiful to look at outside. J3nt then Chnrclies weie intended mainly for the people Liside, and they were almost worthless for tliat object. A Congregational Church was utterly ruined if placed is a bulldog in which it was hard to preach. A lofty Gothic roof might be more beautiful than a flat one, but in nine cases out of ten the preacher had the best chance in a building with a flat roof. He was thankful that he preached in a building with a flat roof. It was not architecturally beautiful, but it answered its purpose better than if it were stately as the Cathedral of York or Lincoln. (Hear, hear.) Then, what about their services. On the whole they had changed for the better, though all the changes had neither been very intelligent nor success ful. When he began to preach they had the 'usual' service. When he asked what order of services he should follow — a question which he did not aak so often now as he did thirty years ago, because he thcught a little freedom about the order of the services was an advantage, and he had come to think he might take his owi: way about it, but when he did aak he was gene rally told 'the usual order.' Thas usual order was, first the congregation sang a h jmn, then the Scriptures were read, then came what was commonly called the long prayer, then they sang again, then fol lowed the germon, then_ singing, a shoit prayer, and the Benediction. Sometimes a short prayer was offered at the opening of the services. A few years ago some ministers began to oSer a short prayer before the sermon, and about the same time the long prayer, which occupied twenty or twenty-five minutes, was divided into two. The ser mon occupied usually fifty minutes at least, and in the evening usually longer. The long prayer being divided into two, and with the short prayer at the commencement, made three prajers instead of one, with which their fathers had been satisfied. In connec tion with this change there was an attempt which deserved most serious, thought ful, and devout consideration— to give a more liturgical character to the service. He had the impression that that change had on tbe whole been a disastrous oae. They had more dignity perhaps in the form and perhaps in the substance of their worship than they had thirty or forty years ago, but less of passion. Each kind of public prayer bad its advantages. There were qualities in literature which couid not be reached by extemporaneous prayer. There were qualities in extemporaneous prayer when he who led the devotions of a devout people was tilled with the Holy Ghost that no literature, however beautiful or stately, could ever rival. He bslieved that the attempt to blend the characteristic qualities ot the two would always be a failure. Their fathers did not consider the aesthetic qualities of prayer. They did not consider whether it was the kind of compo sition that would touch the sentiments of those who listened. In their best days they were absorbed in the thought of God's in finite grace and power on the one hand, aac the sore need ot the people on whose behalf they were interceding on the other. All dignity of thought was forgotten in the in tensity of passion with which they appealed to God to have mercy on His people and to bless them. Now he thought a long* prayer gave a man whose heart was really touched by the spirit of God much larger freedom than the shorter prayers which had taken ita place-^(Hear. heat)— and although it might be Bsid that long prayers were sometimes wearisome he was inclined to think that if a Christian Church had caught the Hpirit of prayer, believed that God was near, sad that in fellowship with Christ it might find access to Him, the complaints about long prayers would be likely to disappear ; and for his own part he was inclined to think that during tha next twenty or thirty years they would return to the practice of their fathers. (Ap plause). The most remarkable change in their worship had been in their psalmody. Some of them perhaps-remembered when they sang Dr. Watta's psalms and hymns, the hymns being in three books, with Watts's supple ment in use in some of their Churches. Few ever thought what wonderful service Watta rendered to tlie Churches of tha English speaking race. Practically he invented the hymn. There were a few in the English language before, bat very few indeed. He donbted whether there were so good bymes before Watts published nis hymns. There were psalms, bat hymns were practically invented by Watts, and he produced such a large number of excellent hymns that for 150 years the Congregational Churches on both sides of the Atlantic were satisfied to sing them only. That -was a wonderful achievement. Bnt their fathers began to feel that it was wise to avail themselves more freely of hymns t hat devout heartB had been inspired by God to write in laier times. In 1833. immediately -t«.- tte formation of the Congregational Jnion of' England and Wales, the Union tedded to prepare a supplement that should -e a supplement to Watts. That supple ment was issued in 1837. Josiah Conder, either of his ' friend l-r. Eustace Conder, f Leeds, was the responsible editor, and the. ollection contained some of his own hymns, ^herewere 620 hymns in the new supple ment, of which 120 were for domestic and irivate use. Of course there were some eoDle who resented the interference, with be supremacy of Isaac Watts, and jest as Vatta had a hard fight to get his hymns an?, bo fifty years ago the people had a ant fight to get other hymnasnng. They ad perhaps heard of the witticism of a jmouslady in Watts's days who described is hymns as ' Watte'a whims.' That raa the general feeling in those days, 'if teen years later the New Congrega ional Hymnbook was issued, including be hymns of Watte'a most in use. That ook was edited by a committee, and he onld imagine no sorer method of producing ? \- bad book than by asking a committee to dit it. (Laughter.) It was produced at a ime when the religions life of their Churches ras very cold. He was glad that the Con gregational Union had recently isbued a new iymn-book, for he believed that the coldness if what was known as the Congregational iymn-boo-, issued thirty yean ago, had very erioosly lessened the fire of devotion in some f their Churches and discouraged some of the lobler forms of religious life amongst them, le had no doubt that the new book was Dfinitely better than the old one. The 'Supplement' was an attempt to correct ome of the defects of the original book. In ome respects their recent hymnology was pen to criticism. Tbe most popular of their QCdern hymns were Boft-sighing, sentimental lymns— hymns about themselves and the nnrmities and imperfections of human life. [heir spiritual music was for the most part n the minor key. With the exception f two or three, among whom Mr. ['. H. Gill was conspicuous, modern niters seemed to know very little of the riumphant blessedness of restoration to God hrongh Christ. There waa a great want of toble hymns celebrating the divine greatness md the divine glory. Passing from the lymna to the marie, there bad been a gre^ ihange. Fifty years ago there were bat ew organs in their Churches at home. In lountry Churches they had violins and flutes aid double basses, and the congregations ang with infinitely more fire to string bands ban to an organ ; and if they could only get i good Btring band to lead their pinging hey would have ainging of a far more intense md rejoicing character than was withia reach it present. (Cheers.) But the violins and iouble basses and flutes were apt at times to )e a little grotesque, and they were gradually ;oing opt. They had to rely on a dozen people if they had a band, but they had to leal with only one man if they had an organ ; ind such was the delicate sensitiveness of the nusical temperament that in some cases one nan was quite enough to tax the energies md to test the sagacity of the authorities -f the Church. (Laughter.) Since then )rgans had come in. Thsn fifty years ago Jifcy had a set of tunes that had almost sntirely disappeared. Some of them were rery iiotous and some very vulgar. He remembered his father nsed to go about the lOTue nearly always humming the tune which le had sung on Sunday. People liked to ling. They did not find people going about ringing hymns to tones that Dr. Allan iatro luced, but now they had a change for the setter, fifty years ago, just as Eome thought they should have ecclesiastical irchitectuie, some thought they should have, ttcleua&tical; music, and the consequence was that hymns that set congregations on fire at that time had to go, and instead came hymns exceedingly proper, extremely dignified, and extremely dulL But they had another :haoge in the last twenty-five years, and he tLoped they would have the fire and brightness soon without the riot and vulgarity that they had forsaken. It was only fair to acknow ledge that Mr. Wait, Mr. Curwen, and Dr. Allon had rendered very great service, and the later part of Dr. Alton's 'Congregational PEalmist' gave them a different conception of what Congregational music ought to be in the different parte.j Meanwhile anthems^ had some inio use. When he had anthems in his Church some of the people were troubled. What troubled them waa that in the coarse rjf the anthem there was a tenor, a treble, i contralto, or bass boIo. It seemed incon sistent with worship. He had to remind them that in prayer there was only one voica beard, and they could worship God following what was said, and that for his own part he could not understand why they should not be able to worship God in an anthem. One of the best of bis people, who greatly resented the anthem for a time, waa converted at last. She told him how she became converted. He did not know whether is was complimentary, but she said, ' I have noticed what an effect the anthem has upon your spirit and upon your thought in the prayer that immediately ioUowa it It reminds me of the effect of David's harp upon Saul.' (Laughter.) He was quite satisfied, and per haps she was nearer the truth than she sup posed. Then they had also come to have a great deal of chanting in their worshiD — chanting of Pealms, and chanting of canticles. Abont the musical merits of chants he would not venture to speak, although it seemed to him that the rhythm of music required rhythmical words, and that it was inartistic to'sing mere prose to any music whatever. That he would not diBcuss, He would speak of a far more important matter. The words of many of tbe Psalms and canticles sung in their congregations seemed to him wholly out of place. Supposing they had had a Psalmist during the last fifty years, inspired as David was, what would he have written ? He would have written a sorrowful psalm on the sufferings of the soldier? in the Crimea, a psalm of triumph on the taking of Sebastopol ; another psalm of sorrow on the Irish famine of 1845-1846, and a psalm of hope on the opening of the great Exhibition in 1851; there would have been a psalm for the Queen's coronation, one for her marriage, one for the death of Prince Albert, and another for her jubilee, and these would have gene into the .Book of Psalms, But they would think it very absurd for a congrega tion a thousand years hence to be singing even inspired writings about the sufferings in the Crimea, the fall of the fortress of Sebas topol, the Irish famine, the Exhibition, or the Queen's Coronation and Jubilee. Many of the PealmB celebrated similar events in the life of the Jewish people and their kings, and yet they went on singing themfromday to day. That seemed to him unreasonable. Many of tbe canticles seemed very inappropriate. How beautiful was it for the mother of their Lord to sing 'My soul doth magnify the Lord, and my spirit doth rejoice in God, my Saviour, for He hath looked upon the low estate of His handmaiden, for behold from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed.' But what did those words mean on their lips? They were not the Lord's handmaidens ; they had not received the dignity and grace of being the mother of the Messiah. For old Simeon to Bing, ' Now lettest thoa thy servant depart in peace, O Lord, according to thy word, was beautiful, but foi.- a congregation with hundreds of bright looking young women and robust young men, who hoped to live thirty or forty years to sing it, was surely a grotesque mockery of worship. (Bear, hear.) They might just as well Bing at noon a hymn written for a midnight service. It waa time that they served God with the under standing as weil as with the spirit and voice. (Hear, hear.) The preaching of Congrega tional ministers in 1887 was in many respects very different from the preaching of thsir predecessors in lSi7. Of course, in that com parison he had to take the more conspicuous men as types of the rest, and he supposed that was a tolerably trustworthy method, tor the preachers who were accounted great at any period in the history of tlie Church had an immense influence in determining the general style of their brethren. The address to tlie Queen on her accession by what was called the general body of dissenting ministers of the three denominations in London and Westminster was presented at St. James's on July 21, 1837, by the venerable John Clayton andjhis son, George Clayton. They were representatives of a generation of Congregational ministers which was even then disappearing — dignified, _ stately, courteous gentlemen, raultlesa in their drea» faultless in then: manners, faultless in doctrine, faultless in character — devout men, bat not very enthusiastic They were the pastors of congregations consisting of prpspe ioob middle-class Christian people, who lived an easy unlieroic life, and who believed that it was possible to make the best of both worlds. And those who believed that would, he ventured to think, make the best of neither. (Applftuse.) Bat the men who held the foremost places among the Con gregational preachers of that time were men of quite another temper. William Jay was one of the most popular. He was a man of shrewd practical genius, who was not afraid to speak in a simple, frank, and homely style, which had a charm for all Borts of people. He (Dr. Dale) did not know how it might be in Australia, but the younger preachers at home when before a congregation of cultured people were apt to use fine words. He assured them that a half-educated congrega tion often liked fine words, but an audience in which there was real education preferred simple words. (Hear, hear.) He remem bered preaching once 'at John Lindsay Alexander's Church at Edinburgh, which was supposed to represent a great deal of intellec tual culture. After the service a gentleman thanked him for bis sermon, and added, 'Most of the men who' come1 to spsak to ns thmk we are all M.A.'s. bnt we don't want to be reminded of oar Univer sity standing on Sundays.' (Hear, hear.) William Jay stood alone. He represented no me but himself. TTiq characteristic manner iras beyond imitation. The representative men; were Dr. Raffles, of Liverpool, John fijHCell James, of Birmingham, Dr. Lsifchild, jf London, Andrew Reed, of London, who pas 'even more eminent a3 a philanthropist md founder of asyluma than 23 a preacher, though he was a preacher of very remarkable power, - and Dr. McAll, of Manchester, who died towards the end of 1SS7 or early in 1838\. ? Dr. Hamilton and John Ely, of Leeds, snd John Kelly, of Liverpool, were also dis tinguished for their efficiency as preachers, and Hamilton was distinguished for hia scholarship. John Burnet, of Camberwell, was becoming known for the intellectual rigour of his serrcons, and still more for the humour and eloquence of his speeches. John Campbell was at the Tabernacle, bat his ex traordinary energy was as yet almost unsus pected. In 1837 I think that Dr. Vaa*h»n was at Kensington, where he had a brilliant congregation. He had not yet achieved the position he held for many years before his death as a platform orator without an equal or a rival in the Congregational ministry. Among their theological scholars at that time Pye Smith was the moat eminent, bat Drs. Bailey, Henderson, Fletcher, Bennett, and Bedford were regarded, and rightly regarded, with great respect. Thomas Binney waa comparatively young, but he was already re cognised as a man of singular originality and force. Caleb Morris — a leas famous name— was at that time or soon after attracting to himself in the Chapel in Fetter-lane large numbers of the more thoughtful and cultivated of London Congregationalists. Mr. Binney and Mr. Caleb Morris were exerting a gre.it influence over the younger ministers, and were assisting to change the character of Congregational preaching; The preaching of fifty years ago, speaking generally, had more of rhetorical brilliance in it than was com mon in the present time. It was dceronun. The popular preachers liked to sweep along on a chariot of fire, and the fire blazed out most gloriously in the peroration. Most of them had given np perorations during the last twenty-five years. He did not say that they ought to do bo. (Hear, hear.) In some sermons there was elaborate decoration, an almost Asiatic profusion of imagery — though perhaps that was beginning to disappear— in Ee gland when this colony was founded. But even then preachers were as careful about the workmanship as about the metal of their sermons. They were sculptors, not mere quarrymen. Usually they did not read their sermons. Many wrote, and then learned what they had written ; but some of them had great poweis of impetuous, extempo raneouB, popular eloquence. They excited their congregations, and when one of the more famous of them was to preach a oecial sermon aw ay from home the chapel was often crowded an hour or two before the service. Of later years it had become general to attempt to preach what were called 'thoughtful' sevmons; and thoughtful sermons might just as well be read as spoken. The sermon had become too much like an essay, too little like a speech to a popular audience. The appeal to emotion was less frequent, orif there was any appeal at all it waB to the softer and quieter kind of emotion. People did not crowd into a Church an hoar or two before the service began to listen to preaching of that kind. (Hear, hear.) The best preaching among them was interesting, instructive, and devout rather than impassioned. Preaching of the popular kind had, he thought, more of humour in it than it had fifty, years ago. Con gregations were not afraid to laugh, and there were, he supposed, some preachers who were not careful to avoid saying things that raised a laugh, fifty years ago a laugh in a sermon would have been regarded by Congrega tionalists aB quite indecorous, inconsistent with the serioosness, or at least with the pro prieties, of a religions service. In that respect they had goce back to the methods of a still earlier time. When George ILL was King there were many witty and humorous preachers in the pulpit, pieachera of whom Matthew Wilts and - Rowland .Hill were conspicuous examples. They owed it, he imagined, to Mr. Spnrgeon, who when he was yenger sometimes said very keen and amosing things in his ser mons, and did so now at times, that the older style had revived. It was not inconsistent with the intermest earnestness, but it was not without its dangers, and a man ought to be intensely in earnest for it to be safe for him to be humourous in a sermon. (Hear, hear.) Passing from the mere intel lectual and emotional elements of preaching to the substance of it, he thought it most be acknowledged that there had been daring the last fifty years a very consider able change. There had been a general break up in the religions traditions of England, and Congregational Churches had been largely influenced by the currents of contemporary life and thought. They had been passing out of an old order into a new, and what the new order would be they were not quite certain. The change was far less deep and central than was sometimes imagined, but for the time there was great confusion, and a few years ago there was great alarm. The alarm had very much subsided, but the confusion still remained. Fifty years ago the Calvinistic theology still seemed to retain something of its ancient stability and solemn grandeur. The Evangelical clergy in the Fnglish Church were for the most part Calvinistic, and though the best times of the Evangelicals were already over, the Evangelical clergy and the Evan gelical laity were still, in religions fervour and energy, the most powerful party in the English Church. Among the free Evangelical Churches of England, with the exception, of course, of the Methodists, who always abhored Calvinism, the Calvinistic form of faith was still generally acknow ledged. In the Congregational Churches, however, there were already signs that it had begun to decay. The Calvinism of the De claration of laith and Order adopted by the Congregational Union at its first meeting in 1834 was Calvinism of an exceedingly mild type. Its mildness created great dissatisfac tion among the most robust theologians of the older sort. Richard Winter Hamilton, of Leeds, condemned tlie declaration strongly, and other men thought they saw in it ominous indications that Congregationalists weie drifting away from the faith of their fatherB. It was drawn np by Dr. Bedford, of Worcester, in consultation with Mr. James ; and Mr. James, though as a student he had been trained in Calvinism, was touched in his early religious life by Methodist influences, and subsequently he followed with great interest the Calvinistic con troversy in America between the two parties known as the old and the new school Presbyterians, which led to the temporary division of the Presbyterian Church in Amerisa, and his sympathies were wholly with the new school. He used Bome of the technical phrases of Calvinism to the last, bat he had pat new wine into the old bottles, and the wonder was that the bottles did not burst. Mr. James was rather a conspicuous illustra tion of the general change that was pas&ing; in their theological thought. Large numbers of the men of his generation were Bilently— some of them unconsciously— surrendering everything in Calvinism that was worth keeping, bat they could not throw off the old language. The men that came after them gave up the language of Cal vinism as well as its creed, and some of them fiercely assailed its more characteristic doc trines. Here and there Calvinism— real Calvinism — still remained, bat speaking generally and broadly its living force had gone. They bad lost something, they had lost much m losing it. It the days of its strength it filled men .with the most augUBt sense of the infinite great ness of God; and the true root of the greatness of man lay in the divine greatness. The devout Calviniat had a God whom he could worship— for whom he had a devout fear, before whose infinite majesty he was sometimes obliged to lie prostrate in silent, awful wonder. He had a God whoBe eternal decrees gave transcendent dignity and absolute security to his personal life; and a God whose free, spon taneous grace inspired him with passionate love and devotion. Since parting with Calvinism many had come to have a mere good-natured God. He did not think, however, that in the case of the men of that generation— the, leaders of the Free Eran gelical Churches in 1837— the loss of Cal vinism had any serious effect on the religious life. Their real theology, the theology on which they lived, was the theology of the revival. Its great articles were the sinfulness of man, his peril if he did not repent, the death of Christ for the sins of the world, justification by faith, and the necessity of the' new birth. These they kept, and in gradually parting with their traditional Calvinism they were conscious oi no loss. But they discovered, and discovered with alarm, that the younger men seemed to be passing through a still more serious change. In 1844 there appeared a series of articles in the Congregational Magazine in which this alarm was expressed. The articles were on Academical Theology, the Theology of the Study, and the Theology of the Pulpit. The students at one oi the Congregational Colleges— grave, grey- bearded men now— were very angry. They passed resolutions denouncing the magazine, and banishing it from the College table. One of the resolutions pledged the students to recommend their friends in the Churches to give up subscribing for it Of course the editor inserted these resolutions in his next number, and called upon his supporters to stand by him in what he regarded as a grave duty to the truth and to the Con gregational Churches of the country, and this brought him letters from different parts of the kingdom, encouraging him to be firm, and declaring that his charges were well founded. Che students and- the younger ministers bought that they were suffering cruel in nstice, but on looking back he waa inclined 0 think that the older men were so ar in the right — that about that time a very eal and substantial change ?was showing in he new generation of ministers. It was not 1 question of holding fast to Calvinism ; it vas & question of holding fast to the theology md to the traditions of the evangelistical revivaL The youriger men might have said, ? We do not reject the doctrine of human sinfulness, or human peril, or the atone nent, or justification by faith, or the new )irth ; but the older men, could they lave seen clearly how the matter stood, night have replied, 'Perhap3 not, but these raths do not hold the sarme place in your aith that they hold in ours. You hold them, int they inspire you with no passion, no wonder ; yon haven't that vision of the glory -f Christ's redemption which fills our hearts pith jojr. The articles of our faith mav be bund in yours, bat with you they have heir place among a crowd of other Deliefe, instead of being sceptred, crowned, inthroned. and ruling all your thoughts.' Do this charge it would have been difficult 'ox the younger men to make any successful reply. And the older men misht have gone )n to say, ' We have cared supremely about sonveiting and saving men; there are some Geological doctrines about which we have seen doubtful, some of which we have ncdified, but abont the central truths )f our faith we have never had iny doubt, and our' great concern ias been eo to preach these absolutely certain Jungs as to fill men with sorrow for sin and bo prevail upon them to trust in _ the Lord Fesus Christ for eternal redemption. Yoa teem to care more about resolving difficult juestiona of . criticism and theology and about ending satisfactory definitions of doctrine ihan '. about saving human souls. Oar :hief concern has been in men; your diief concern is in truth. * In other words, ;hey might have told their younger brethren that they were breaking with the traditions rf the revival. And it soon became appa rent that while the younger Congregational ministry believed that they held fast by the substance of tlie evangelical faith, the intel lectual conception and expression of Christian doctrine which had satisfied the evangelical Churches was regarded by them as^inade iraate; and for forty years there had been going on . a gradual process of ihange in their theological position, nor had they even now formed a clear, firm, and coherent theory of their faith. They would End it hard to draw up a Confession of Faith Dr a catechism. Yea j the most important shange that had passed upon Congregational preaching daring the last half-century was the result of the gradual disappearance if the traditions of the great evan gelical revival. The leading preachers imong them fifty years a&o; were children )f the revival. Some of the influential ministers of that time were indeed the repre sentatives of the elder Nonconformity, but the inoBt popular men— men like James Parsons, Angell James, and Leifchild — were penetrated through ?nd through with the spirit of that great movement which changed the religious condition of England in the last :entury. They had a profound conviction that men were in danger of an iwful doom if th^y did not trust in the mercy of Christ, receive pardon sf sin, and the new life given in regeneration. Fhey made a strenuous endeavour to convert □sen. In tlieir Bermona there was a direct, vehement appeal. They appealed to fear as well as to the consc ence and to the kindlier affections of the human heart. Their theory wab rarely to preacli a sermon that might not have something in it to tonch the hearts of sinful men and to lead them to faith in Chriet. Gradually this passionate assault on the unconverted lost its fire, and preaching during the last fifty years had become more instructive and Less evangelistic It was said that the coa Btant reiteration of evangelical truths was unnecessary. Again and again there had been attempts made to renew the fervour md methods of the evangelical revival, but, as a rule, they had been of a spasmodic character. Here and there hearts had been filled with love of God, and men had broken with sin as a result of those efforts ; but, speaking broadly, the attempt to renew and to repeat the evangelical revival of the last century had not succeeded. It could not in the nature of things be repeated. God never repeated Himself. That was wonder Eully illustrated in the religious movements recorded in the Scriptures, aa well as in Lutheranism, Puritanism-and the movement in which Whitfield and Wesley played such a prominent part. Those who desired to see the whole life of the Church rise to a clearer, loftier, and more blessed state — those who desired to see tbe Christian Gospel exerting some of its old imperial power — must not suppose that those results we*e to be achieved by watching what was done by Whit field and Wesley a hundred years ago. They must appeal to the living God and ask Him to teach them the way in which His work was to be done now. He had the warmest sympathy with those who sought to get the revival of the last century re peated; bnt they should entreat God to teach them what was best. Men did uot require a new gospel, bat they required the old gospel to be preached by. living contemporaries in their own speech, so as to touch the dangers and the sorrows by which they were environed. (Hear, hear.) He might further Bay in regard to the life of Congregationalists in England that there had been a departure from some of the traditions which controlled and governed the personal life of their fathers in tlie la&t; century. The Independents a hundred years ago had a very definite character of their own, almost as definite as that which was illustrated in these days by the Society of Friends; but there came upon them the new traditions created by the evangelical revival, and thoBe were the traditions which ruled Congregationalists of a devout order when this colony was founded. They lived a much simpler life than they lived now. The middle classes now were much richer in England tharj they were fifty years ago ; they gave larger entertainments, and mixed much more freely than they used to do with those who did not hold the Christian faith. Their ^deas had considerably altered; many of them danced, many went to theatres, and he supposed all read novels. Fifty years ago a novel waa regarded with the gravest suspicion. That tradition was justified by the general character of the novels of tho eighteenth century, and people fifty years ago did not properly understand the great change which Scott had wrought in that field of literature. It seemed to him that the Victorian era had produced as rich a field of novels as the Elizabethan era had of dramas. (Hear, hear.) Bat when he considered the time devoted to novels that were utterly worthless he almost regretted that the old Congregational rigidity in respect of such works had passed away. (Hear, hear.) It might be doubtful whether family prayer was as universal in Congregational families as it was fifty years ago, and speaking briefly it appeared to him that they wanted to recover a conception of a method of life. Every method of life must gradually decay and be reconBtractec with the changes in tha civilization anc social condition of a people, and unless a Christian Church had an ideal method of life which sliould be a certain authority most Christian people were apt to go astray. Christ governed men by prin ciples, but it was necessary that they should take a concrete form. He trusted that aB God renewed the spiritual energy of Cpn gregationaliets, as he believed he was doing in England, that they would come to a clearer intellectual conception of how the great laws which Christ had given for the guidance of His Church were to be better expressed in practical life. (Loud applause.) 