ENCYCLOPEDIA 13RITANNICAJ SUBSCRIPTION EDITION. The new and now nearly complete Ninth Edition of the " Encyclopedia Britannica" is in some respects the most remarkable literary work of the present day. It is this because it brings together an enuruious mass of scientific information and thought upon many remote subjects of buman inquiry which otherwise would have to be sought for through large libraries. And this it does at a time when the world is ruakiog advauces in scientific know- 1 ledge more rapidly and more compre hensively than it ever did before, and when the results thus gained are modify ing all processes aud methods of buman thought, and profoundly changing tbe relations of man's mind to the world in which he lives. The effect of these twofold altera tions, the gains to knowledge and the acquisi tion of new forms of thought and new methods of inquiry has been to rapidly and decidedly supersede tbe works in which scientific knowledge was imparted even only 20 or 30 years ago. To speak of nothing else, in that interval the doctrine, of development has been applied to the whole sphere of human knowledge, and has made all things new. In stead of looking at the world as a' fixed and finished product we have come to regard it as a living, growing, changing organism, pulsing with life and change in every portion of the vast frame. By way of illustrating the altera tions which have taken place iu habits of thought, even in the gieat outside world, let us quote a short passage from a recent novel in which we have a young lady at a ducal dinner table rept-esented as talking m thisfashioD : 44 Tbe evolution of theology, you know, aunt, is quite as clear as tbe evolution of the human race. It began with nature wor ship, the cult of the cosmic deities ; then through scio-tbeism, tbe deification of ances tral ghosts or ancestor worship ; then through fetishism and totemism to the present state of intellectual shadow-worship." This, of course, is caricature ; but there is a reality behind tbe caricature. And the reality is the new aud profoundly modifying fashion iu which men view the phenomena alike of the world of matter and the world of mind. The result of all this scientific progress and alteration of the habits of thought duriug the present genera tion h.i3 been to completely supersede that admirable work the Eighth Edition o' the "Encyclopedia Britannica," which wa3 com pleted about 25 years ago, and to make a later issue of Litis great national work necessary. Its superintendence was entrusted by the en terprising publishers, Messis. Adam and Charles Black, to Professor Tlios. S. Bayues and Professor Robertson .Smith. Tne first 20 volumes have been issued aud four more, it ia believed, will complete the work. During the progress of its publication tbe work has re ceived the greatest tributes of praise from the most competent critics as being an admirable fulfilment of a most ambitious design. Tbe Encyclopedia is now brought specially under our attention by the issue of a subscrip tion edition prepared for tbe Australian public, of which Mr. Lister Heury, of Clarence- street, Sydney, is tbe agent and importer. We have the first volume of this haudsouie issue of the work before us. It requires only a cursory inspection of its contents to show tbat it is admirable alike as a collection of scientific treatises arranged in the most conve nient form, and as an interesting assemblage of general literature. We liave Professor Blackie writing of " iEschylus," M. Jules Andrieu discussing "Alchemy," Dr. John Nicbol treat ing "American Literature/' and Sir William Turner contributing an important and compre hensive work on "Anatomy." Professor Hux ley is represented by an article on " Actinozoa," aud one on " Amphibia." Mr. A. R. Wallace has one ou "Acclimatisation," Mr. Keith John ston has one on " Africa," and Colonel Yule has one on "Afghanistan." Tbe Rev. Samuel Davidsou writes ou " Abraham," Principal Don aldson on " Acts of the Apostles," and Protessor Crooui Robertson on " Abelard," " Analogy" aud "Analysis." Mr. John Ball, the late president of the Alpine Club, treats the "Alps," and Mr. Henry Reeve, Registrar of H.M's Privy Council, and tbe editor of Charles Greville's Memoirs, writes of "Ambassadors." Mr. Glaishcr, the well-known balloonist, is on his proper subject in " Aeronautics," and the Rev. E. Veuables, Precentor and Canon of Lincoln, discourses of "Abbey" and "Abbott." The proper medium between a merely popular work ou tbe one side and oue of severe science on tbe other, is happily met by the general treatment observed ; and the book is at once of great interest to the general reader and au authoritative guide and instructor to tbe student. It is at once a library, and if one so applies it, a complete scientific edu cator ; aud one wbo had uo other books and no regular education, but who had assiduously studied this vast repertory of knowledge, would know a great deal of litera ture, and would acquire a high degree of edu cational proficiency. Of the special issue now before us we need only add tbat it is printed from tbe stereotype plates, and its accuracy is thus insured. It has tbe advantage of having the lithographed plates inserted in their proper places by the side of the articles they illustrate, and it is published at a very reasonable price, which renders it ve'iy cheap literature indeed, regard being had to its qnality and cost of production. 7" The Encyclopedia Britannica." Ninth edition. Vol. I. Kdiuburgh : Adam aud Charles Black. 