A PARIS LETTER. (From onr Correspondent.) Paris, April 2. Politicians have defeat of Ministry on the brain, but everybody has Franzini. This man is accused of cutting the throats of three persons on " St Patrick's day in the morning" last, in a locality so fashion able and so near the Elysee Palace, as to cause some uneasiness to President Grevy. One was accustomed to single assassina tion at a time, but triplets, wholesale murders, were viewed as having disap peared with Troppnian and the Second .Empire. ■ History, however will keep repeating itself. The veil of mystery is gradually lifting over the present crime, and the evidence closing in respecting Franzini. It appears he was born at Alexandria in 1856, was brought up there | in the Friar's school till he entered a pri vate bank in that city, next he was em ployed at the post-office, where he'com mitted faults rand was cashiered. HiB father was a merchant, his mother is well off and resides at Alexandria and his brother-in-law is an engineer on the Suez ! canal. After his dismissal from the Egyptian Post-office, Franzini became a cosmopoli tan tramp. Haviug a knowledge of five j languages, he was able to set up > as a | Jack-of-all-trades in Bombay, Afghanis tan, Persia, France, Italy and the Soudan. Be made a good deal of money, but lost it through his dominant passion—gambl j ing. He has been found in possession of t the murdered courtesan's jewellery ; the | night of the crime, his mistress, after first ! asserting he passed it with her, to save her lover by an alibi, now recants and ad mits he was absent. That brings him a step nearer the guillotine. However, the porter of the house, where the crime was committed, is firm in his evidence, that the. man who arrived with the de ceased, late on the night of the crime was not Frautzini, butanothe loafer, answering l to the description of one Geissler, who is the man of the mist. By denouncing his [ pal, Franzini could count upon saving his | head, and in time becoming a landed pro prietor in New Caledonia or tfre New j Hebridos. His mistress, who . has de nounced him, is aged 40, the lady-boss of of a tip-top dnisa-making establishment in the Meedla Paix, and she.avows, that with all his faults she loves him still, they could meet again like parted streams at the antipodes, if no antipathies bar the way. The police arr: so certain of having bagged their game, that they are laboring ! to connect Franzini with several undis covered murders of flash woman. That kind of assassination it is asserted was his speciality. There is an impression abroad that it is time j to shelve the Gobi el Ministry. Perhaps it is too long in office—nearly three months. The time is approaching when public, like domestic servants in France, will only be hired for eight days at a time. The present Cabinet had much t to recommend it to Parisians who doat on I novelties : it was solving the experiment of its members living and acting in harmony while • each followed a programme of his own. Who ' may next take up the reins of Government is uncertain, and perhaps unimportant to boot. ' The main point is that General Boulanger will remain at the War Office. It is useless at this hour of the day trying to intrigue him into pri vate life. The attacks made on him by the German press have only clinched him in his situation. As for .Jules Ferry, people regard him from the^Sadducees' point of view, they '• do not believe in resurrectious. It is believed that the Bulgarians will not only re-elect Prince Alexander, but at the same time confederate with Servia and Roumania. This is the first fruits of the alliance of the central powers of Europe. Russia can do noth ing in the presence of this barricade, but she must make a diversion'-as the Nihilists are resolved to resume work—and this time it is in Asiaism she expects to put off the evil day. It is pro bable that England and new ally, John i Chinaman, will have to bear the shock of the ! Muscovites in Central Asia.' Perhaps it may ■ not, after all, be so paradoxical the assertion that the solution of the Eastern question re- i sides at Pekin. It is said the Empress Eugenie is very much j pained^ at the pounding into mince-meat of Na- , poleonism by M. Taine. She facilitated his re searches into^ unpublished dynastic docu- j ments expecting he would bless, but instead I Balaam winds up with maledictions. The panygerics of Thiers and the correspondence of Madame de Remusat have most contributed to demonstrate Napoleon I. was of the5 earth, earthy. He itas not the less a man of im- ' mense genius, while being a virtuoso in war. j Louis XIV.—consult Thackeray—derived his i majesty from his bag wig, royal robes, and J valet false calves. The little corporal was too J wide awake to rely on such upholstery to prove I bis personal greatness. j \- _ In accordance with the advice of her. physi- j cians the Empress, in her Neapolitan Villa, or j Villas- -for she has three to accommodate her guests—leads a relatively active life. Yachtin» across the bay is her favorite enjoyment, anS j next long promenades. The English Consul I has placed a yacht at her ex-Majesty's disposal, I Her hair is now quite white, but grief has not i furrowed out the lines of her beauty. She re tains still the old Tuileries custom of the five o clock tea, as also the habit of walking with a cane, although her health is not feeble. The ex Empress now follows passing events keenly analysing them with the penetration of a shrewd woman of the world—but only as an ob server. She is a kind of demi-nun. A good deal of her time is alsc occupied visiting the local shrines, for Madonnas are as numerous in Italy as St. Nicholases in Russia. The com pletion of the Imperial Mausoleum at Faru borough absorbs a good deal of attention and an^ test, dictating her memoirs to her life-long companion, Madame le Breton, sister General Bourbaki. Her Majesty always endeavors to have one of her son's playmates on a visit with her, and under no circumstances 18 rr,er resi<tence without a young visitor. The. protectionists have carried all before them m the legislature soon foreigners and ' foreign products will be a curiosity in France and it is the pace which kills. The free traders threaten reprisals by a " don't nail bis ears te the pump policy." This is the meaning of broad hints that in presence of the aug mented duties on food, etc., nothing is left the artisan but a strike for higher wages in order to lire. It is calculated that by the increased duties on bread-stuffs cattle, meat, sugar coffee, etc., a working man with a wife and two children will have to pay 200fr. a year ex tra for tfce necessaries of life or about 4fr. a week. Coroilary— go in for an all round strike for this augmentation of salary which will hit home the manufacture's who have made com mon cause with the agriculturists. Frenoh in dustries thus additionally handicapped cannot possibly compete with other nations in the foreign markei. If salaries are too high addinu to them will not make them cheaper. It is not at all improbable this "plan of campugu'j will I be earned out by the working classes. Out side food there is no consolation for an empty ! stomach. Neither menace nor force can pfe : vail against hunger. What was the impulse of the invasions of Attila, Gengis-Rahn, and William the Conqueror ? An empty stomach— all a question of dinner. For a long time a war to the knife has been riging between the waiters, servants in general, etc., and the registry offices. The latter are accused of farming the former, and to remove the evil the grieved desire to bum down the offices. A meeting, attended by 2,500 waiters, ha* just been held, and which demonstrated two facts—the utility of the telephone in ease of imeates, and that Louise Michel was not ' dead. _ The meeting decided to at once proceed to business—to march on the enemy in a cer tain direction. Instantly "the detectives rushed to the telephones, spoke to the Central Police Office, and before the indighauts were well in battle order they met a body of police unex pectedly ronnd a dhrner that dispelled the ■ rioters. How the latter did run—faster than j , could a debtor from a creditor! Louise Michel | ! led a section of a flying column with her jupons gathered up, and bonnet strings and fichu, oriflamme-like, streaming in the wind. With a kind of hop-step-and-jump she arrived in the I Central Meat Market pursued by small boys and yelping dogs. The butchers and butcherte- j I ses improvised a chorus of jibes and jeers till I Louise, the enemy of all authority, appealed to I | a policeman for protection. He gave her his 1 j arm, Led her gallantly to the station, where- the ' inspector, after allowing the old gal te come to, ■ I gave her some refreshments, heaped coals of | [.fire on her head, placed her in a cab, and sent two policemen to see her home. The small boys then followed the vehicle screaming out " Franzini!" " Franzini!" May every J anarchialoutbreak terminate as comically. " In Russia the Nihilists are chiefly the young and ! educated, out of work—the over producte of. intellect. In France the Nihilists are aged work people,' with a' veneer of education,' 'and ' averse to work. Both, contradictory extremists, it is curious to note, agree in charging tbeir respective governments with doing nothing to alleviate their social situation. M. Brouardel, though only 47 years of age, has been appointed doyen, or "father" of the medical profession. He is "an elegant and elo- ; quent lecturer, with features "sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought." He is profes-. 8or of legal medicine, and as surgical expertist to the Courts las fame is wide-world. It was he who pushed Dr. Pasteur' to undertake the : courageous and first experiment of inoculating a human being with the anti-hydrophobiac pock ; it is he who has just explained that the j wounds on Franzini's arms and hands result from the death-bites of his victims. Dr. Brouardel states the annual number of medical etudents in France is 7,000. Of this total I nearly 3,000 graduate at the Faculty of Paris,' .where there are at present 108 female medical | students, in no intellectual respect, inferior to ; their male fellow students. The Doctor is an enemy to cramming the heads of lads intended for the medical profession with learned classi cal lumber. A little Latin and a.knowledge of ] Greek roots suffice, but on no account -should English and German be neglected." It is at the Morgue that Professor Brouardel delivers his course of lectures ; the number of. auditors is limited, the amphitheatre "being small. The most advanced students are given the preference : no lady pupils are admitted. In the piddle of the amphitheatre is a table lined with zinc, oh which the victim of a crime reposes ; and the auditors stand in the gallery, leaning forward on a balustrade to see. A pin j could be heard to drop as the Professor com mences to establish by fact and deduction the history "of the crime. The hands and nails of the victim reveal the social standing, the con tents of the stomach, the hour at which the .! deed_ was perpetrated ■ All food is- digested ! within seven hours, and different aliments re quire different time to be digested]: hence, the nature of the food tells the hour of the crime, and reveal the social habits of the deceased. The nature of the wound indicates not only the instrument employed, but whether the:as sassin was pi old or a prentice hand, powerful or feeble. The depth of a wound implies force or violence. If the victim has struggled, and death follows immediately a gash or smakh, the marks of the murderer's fingers—occasionally that of his whole hand—will remain visibly dis tinct.. In these evidences—-called in medico-, legal language the " signature of the assassin"— j Dr. Brouardel unites the linVa into a chain ' with pitiless logic, and hands in that chain to j the public prosecutor to coil round the accused. Often the latter is so terrified by the vigorous exactitude of the deductions as to confess his guilt. This is the psychological moment when the examining magistrates, brow-beat, as it were, the prisoner into an avowal." To all .■ whom it may concern, the dissecting rooms of Paris cannot be supplied with all the "subjects" ' required. It is to be hoped no company of Burke and Hares will be started to supply the ! "longfelt want." Formerly bodies were -im ported. Perhaps the dearth may cure itself in this way. A lady went to the country for a fortnight. On returning to her apartment a few days ago, she was horrified to behold a, strange man dead on the floor. The police : soon recognised him : he was an old burglar, ■ who fell dead from apoplexy in the middle of his jemmies and false keys. If such caste be came numerous they would do more to repress crime than the guillotine : the anatomy tables could be tenanted, and the recidivist question solved. The parentage and education of Alexandre Dumas, the " Younger"—though he is a grand father, and-aged 70—has been clouded iu mystery. " I sjgct I grow'd ; don't t.Viinlr no body never made me," replied Topsy -to a ques tion. Dumas' fils was not'quite this. ffi« father—when in his garret days, paying 2 fr. , weekly for rent—made the acquaintance of a ] dressmaker, his next door neighbor. She was not pretty, but she had white skin^-Dumas having nigger blood in bim, his father having" married a black, in the days of the revolution, to carry out the " equality" idea. The result of the liaison was the birth of Dumas' fils. Thq. father made au occasional allowance to the girl ' who, in due course, sent him to an humble boarding school and took charge of its laundry to help to pay for his schooling. She died in 1868, but Dumas' pere did not marry her, and I so—by French law—legitimise the author of the I Dame aux Camelias. It is said M. Lockroy .contemplates creating ; another " older of merit"—that for good'aud ! faithful servants. Call it the order of the " White Blackbird," so as not to confound with the " Black Eagle." .faris, April 3. There is no reason why romancers ought not to have a " go" at divining the polittL cal future of Europe, as well as owl-eyed statesmen, dried up diplomatists, cobblers village politicians. It is thus that the Austrian novelist Sacher Masoch, an 'Ebrew Jew, claims to have the key to the enigma, why Germany hesitates to attack either Russia or France. The old Emperor is an idolater, , he worships the associations of three pictures, one where he is repre sented visiting his mama's tomb, Queen Louisa of Prussia, before setting out for. the 1870-71 campaign ; second, Napoleon. L aud Queen Louisa- after the defeat of Jena * and third, the picture of King Kaiser William end Napoleen -HE after [ Sedan. _ ' . > • j i These three pictures, symbolize , in, a1 I way, the last will and testament.of Queen ■ Louise, for it too has its legends, like its-1 predecessor, Peter the Great's, which.some' authorities assert never existed and is> a a practical joke, perpetrated by Napoleon 1., to crack up people against tie Czars, whether white or red. Emperor William, - according to M. Masoch, was deeply at tached to his mother, as is. every lad, not" forgetting the French. The crushing victories of Jena—a little Sedan—of Eylan and Friedland, caused the collapse of Prussia and broke the Queen's heart. Further, Napoleon did not spare any humiliation to her majesty. She expired, anathematizing —; the conquered rarely bless the victors, upbraiding Austria for having abandoned the Prussian kingdom —which Fredrick the Great carved, out of Austria and in blessing the Muscovite, for by the iutervicws at Nidmen—doing all that was possible to save the flohen zollern crown. The Queen left as a dying injunction to her children, the rehabilitation of their kingdom, the chastisement of Austria and the nethermost Hades of humiliation for France. Hence, why the present emperor vowed, as if by the hump of the holy camel, or all the hairs iu the beard of the Prwphet, to revenge his mother. This explains Sadowa and Sedan. Many think these conclusive events were not due to Emperor William's platform policy of revenge, but to a concatenation "f p diti Ical chances and blunders, which Prince Bismarck had the genius to foresee and the iron will to form against the most head-strong, even of all his adversaries— the Emperor himself. Pity her Majesty did not live a decade more : she would have witnessed the up rising of Russia in 1812, of her own sub jects in 1813 : she might then have heard the lapping of the waters of the Beresina shrouding hecatombs of warriors, have witnessed the glare of the conflagration of Moscow, and beheld the wholesale massa cring of Leipzig, J where force was demon strated to be a perfect cure. She could have gloated like an irritated Sultana at the adieu of the Old Guard" at Tontaine bleau, at the great ticket-of-Ieave man at Elba, and the imperial recidivist at Waterloo, and the last act of the tragedy at St. Helena. Surely such punishment, , such sacrifices ought to' lay the manes of ! queen Louisa, and satisfy her son's with- I out calling in the Eumenides to perform i further vengeance at Sadqwa and Sedan, i | Reform bills, not punishment it seems, are j I only final in this world. M. Masoch con cludes that the Emperor. having accom plished the task left to him by his mother has got no inore work to do. France will not be attacked—Boulanger, as well as queen Louisa's wishes, couuts for some-! thing in the reticence of .Germany, and of course Russia will not, she being'regarded ; as a vessel of grace.. Clearly her Majesty's ghost was not satisfied when the collapse of France came in 1815, since it bad to be done ; again in 1871... Can' M. Masoeb assure the i world'she rests .easy in her marble tomb ; eVen now at Cbarlottehburg i If not will,; the" Society of Psychical Research tell us ?;i ■ An ' nnsibylline reply might save brains j being knocked out, or what is worse purses from being emptied, and even put a break * on that *' old man in a hurry," Mr. i Maxim, abd the bringing'out of his elegant j cannon firing a 2,240 pounder eight miles fonr times a miDUte. Gatchina is situated in the centre of an Aldershot camp ; next, surrounded with fa walled-iu forest, . the inner circle being I the enclosed garden's _ and pleasure- j grounds. Around the fotest walls are links! °f senfties,. thirty yards apart, and changed evefy hour. Ho person is al lowed to approach the castle without j "being well examined; the servants even are supplied with admission curds, which i are changed weekly. Inside the Castle no room or other doors are allowed to be locked either day or nigbt, and the gover-. nor of the palace, as well as the detectives' superintendent, have' the right to visit 'every room when they please. The Czar i likes lonely promenades, fishing, boating ' and gunning. When he ventures abroad the detectives follow him, and are some times shot in mistake for Nihilists. To ; induce her husband not to stir out, the I Empress has had constructed two.exten- ] sive underground galleries or cloisters for j his promenades. And all these superla- ; tlve precautions to protect a ruler against 100 millions of subjects. How .he must; envy Presidents Grevy and Cleveland. ; The one-man power is not synonymous i with happiness. " All around me sleep," exclaimed the poet Negdanoff. There are twoexceptions—the Nhilists and the pc>s-: 1 a! authorities who open all correspondence ' without ceremony. . But the Cabinet Noir I is .not wholly dishonest—a relic of the angel in man is left, for after the slips . touching on the political condition of | Russia are extracted, the private letter is allowed to pass out of quarantine. France can boast of bet sleeping com mercial traveller chauffat at London and ] England of Her sleeping admiral at Cannes. Britons were prepared for hoop-iron cut lasses, iron clads to turn turtle, cannons I to explode before going off &c.;, but no fellow ever anticipated Rip van Winkle admirals save in Switzerland. Sir Thomas Browne said, had he a choice, he would prefer to study only in his dreams and ] when in that state also to say his prayers. Perhaps the Duke of Edinburgh acted on this hypnotic suggestion. Drake oa one occasion too was asleep at a critical; mome nt, the captain rushed into the ad miral's cabin, informed him two hench men were bearing down on their ship, which was isolated, and asked for instruc- j tions: " Get close to them, give them broadsides and when all is over call me." Rather than disturb Surajah Dowlah iu his forty winks, 123 English were suffo cated in the Black Hole of Calcutta. Happily, England only suffers the humili ation of discourtesy from the royal snoring. It is singular that during the recent earth quake at Cannes, the Prince of Wales de clined to be raised out of his bed. What a Sleepy Hollow the Riviera must be. ! Clearly the English fleet did not keep a sharp look out, either from the mast head or the crow's nest, or they would have] seen the French ships ordered specially to Toulon to go and salute Queen Victoria at Cannes, bearing down and report the fact to the slumbering salt. The English j fleet, the first to arrive before Cannes, abstained from saluting, as the heavy guns j might start, say. another earthquake, j And when the French fleet hove to, : and-thundered their 21 shots; the royal admiral was still doing coma." The excuse of having-no powder belong to the class of stories only fit to " tell to the marines." As well tell a gentleman, who takes off his hat to' salute you, that you cannot return the politeness because your hat is in its bandbox. When Henri IV. compelled! the Spaniards to raise the siege of Peronne the Mayor and corporation came to exr press their gratitude to his Majesty, and at the same time their profound relgret at j not being able, for sixteen reasons, to fire a royal salute: "first," said the Mayor, •" we had no gunpowder;" " that suffices," retorted the witty King, "I accept the remaining fifteen excuses in advance. The French have displayed their usual instinctive tact and delicate courtesy in ; ■presence of-the unintentional slights in flicted on them by the somniferous bang ling of the English admiral. Perhaps out ofevil wid come good, the ill-requitted courtesy of France to England's sovereign will enable the English to take the lead in" softening the unhappy asperities too loBg existing between the two liberal nations. It would be well also when the lords of the Admiralty are re-making the navy to give a Nelson open eye to reform also the admirals. Rank does not imply a monopoly of common sense. 