TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1887. I Mr D VMV, when he speaks at Flemington tomorrow, might do well to address himself to a question curiously started in connection with recent occurrences in the Lower House This is whether the hiring of members of Parliament by sy indicates, companies, or others, for the purposes of their schemes is allowable, 01 is a grave offence It seems at first as unnecessary to raise such an issue as it is to debate the Decalogue, but on the other hand it has been publicly declared that, from the stand point of the radical party, there is no objection to the practice, and it is of interest to know whether Mr Deakin means to adopt the principle as a plank in the platform of the future. Mr. Best is held to have been harmless m accusing the Premier of taking pay for passing the Land Act, and mem- bers, it is asserted, had a light to be astonished at a protest which is described as theatrical, i c, insincere The new doctrine is that representatives who do the work of sy indicates and companies have as much right to take fees as have the barristers employed by those syndicates or companies, and Parliament is advised to drop its pretence of knowing nothing at all about the existence of the practice, and to openly allow such transactions No leader is likely to adopt this view He would see at a glance that, if not a ComA Houseman himself, his party would soon develop into the forty thieves whom that chief commanded Mr Deakin may be tempted, however, to refrain from condemning the new morality with which it is sought to educate the party, but as he has weaklings in the Hock gentlemen who hanker for free railway passes for life why it is somewhat of a duty for him to warn weaker brethren not to be led astray However pleasant it might be for some members to sell their services to the highest bidder, jet Boss Iwcedism would never be allowed hero 'The fate of the offenders would be more certain than was that of the civic authorities of New York, who recently received " consideration for their trouble from an elevated railway syndicate Apart from the moral law, which he who runs can read, M «r states the Parliament ary rule on the subject with fulness and precision The resolution of the House is That the offer of any money or other advantage to any member of Parliament for the Titomotinp; penny matter whatsoever depend ingot or to be transacted in Parliament isa Ililli crime and misdemeanour and tends to the subversion of the Liil,Iis1i constitution 'This rule has been rigorously enforced A Mr Bird, who offered a member, who was a barrister, a guinea for preparing a petition, was dealt with for a breach of privilege fair Jon AsiuiuitMi iii for receiving £500 from a syndicate was expelled Of the many cases in the old days in which corruption was practised and exposed, the most striking is related by Macaulay In 1695 a rumour arose that the funds of the City of London had been used for the purpose of facilitating private bill legislation, and the name of Sir John 'JLrtLVOu, Speaker of the House of Commons, was mentioned among others A committee was appointed, and within a week it reported that the city had paid the Speaker a thousand guineas for expediting a local bill As soon as the report of the committee was read, it was moved that 'his vote. had been guilty of a high crime and misdemeanour He had to stand up and to put the question there was a loud "ryot "A; He called on the noes, and scarcely a voice was heard, and he was forced to declare that the ayes had it " A man of spirit, ' continues Macaulay, " would have given up " the ghost with remorse and shame, " and the unutterable ignominy of " that moment left its mark even on " the callous heart and brain forehand " of iitEVoit find he returned to the House on the following day he would have had to put the question on a motion for his own expulsion He therefore pleaded illness, and shut him " self up in his bedroom, and it is utter ' soon brought down a Royal message 1 authorising the Commons to elect " another speaker ' Nor has the law of Parliament been confined to the repression of direct labor Indirect influence is also guarded against On the 22nd June, 18, a certain barrister having brought before the House of Commons the case of his client, it was resolved that it is contrary to the usage and de 'opitory to the dignity of this House that any of its members should bring; forward prosecute or advocate in this House any proceeding or measure in which he may have acted 1 or been concerned for or in consideration of any pecuniary fee or reward Now and then a member of the Victorian Legislature needs to be reminded of this last rule, but we doubt very much whether there is any practice in the Victorian Legislature of members taking fees from syndicates of companies for services tendered, and there is no doubt whatever that if such a practice exists, it is illegal musical, and requires to be stamped out before tion is not to be dreamed of All the private bills this session have been in the hands of members of repute, such as Messrs T Hunns Zox, and M Intake -men who would regard the imputation that they had taken private fees for public duties as an insult Any member would indeed make a a terrible mistake who was misled by outside utterances into the belief that he could in any way add to his income in an easy, accessible and convenient manner by taking up private hill business for four or lowan! 'The House is with Mr. Cn i ill in the statement that an imputation of receiving money for passing bills is one so disgraceful in character that no man of honour can consent to remain under it, and if the Premier keeps any waverers in the radical bank up to this necessary Standard, the party will be entitled to thank him for his services The suspicion that a member is in the market-place, to be hired by syndicates and speculators to do their work, destroys his usefulness, and a discovery that the member had benefited by his labours, however indirectly, would undoubtedly mean political rum, while the members of any syndicate or company who were detected, directly or indirectly, seeing members, or influencing them by means of pecuniary reward, would, according to precedent, go to gaol for their offence About Mr Gillies there is no doubt His protest, which seems to some of the radicals uncalled for and " theatrical, declares what his principles are And we presume that the adherence and co-operation of Mr Deakin can be rolled upon in maintain- ing the ordinary standard of honour among the members who regard him as their leader There is often a startling disparity between the wholesale and retail prices of articles of prime necessity and constant everyday use, which the public would not unreasonably have expected that the laws which regulate trade would have proved effectual to prevent Also, there is a difference between the values of certain commodities at one season and another, which can only be explained on the hypothesis that there is a want of skill or enterprise on the part of the producers, in that they do not so manage as to spread their supplies over a, greater portion of the year, or preserve the surplus of one season to supply the wants of another No stronger proof could be adduced than by citing the condition of the butter and milk markets in this city. The first varies between 6d and 2s, and even more at times, per pound, and is sometimes unprocurable (that is first class fresh butter at any price, while all the time the actual producer seldom has the advantage of the higher price, and cannot possibly make a profit out of the lower There is no reason why the farmer should not get a shilling a pound all the year round, and the customer obtain his supplies at 13d or is , except for the rapacity of the middleman, who naturally earns all he can got for himself, the paper feet condition of dairy farming in the colony, which limits the season of productiveness. to four months in the year, with a chance of a month or six weeks longer if abundant rains fall in December or January, and the absence of certain methods and appliances now in use in other countries, by which butter can be kept for a twelvemonth and more perfectly fresh and sweet, and with the fragrant aroma of grass and clover still remaining in it Householders among ourselves often contract with farmers for a regular weekly supply of butter at is up to 1s 2d per lb the year round, and the arrangement at its inception is considered advantageous to all parties concerned, but the farmer fails to fulfil his part of the bargain with the first season of drought, having no reserve of cow feed to fall back upon, nor any stock of butter in store with which to keep his customers going. It was only the other day that it was reported in our columns that a consign- most of Victorian butter had arrived in London in good condition, and had been sold at 2s per lb , which was here considered so satisfactory that much larger parcels are to be sent to the same ' market this season has is very good so far as it goes, and if Victorian butter makes a name for itself in Great Britain and comes to have a recognised market value there, our producers will be protected against the violent fluctuations in price which are now their rum- that is, if the certainty of a pa) ing price in London induces them to make their butter good enough to bear transport and compete successfully with home made and foreign butters offered for sale in the markets of London and other great centres of population in Great Britain But the proper supply of our own market is the first thing to be considered, and that is the field to which our dairy farmers must look for their richest reward, for many years to come The Victorian butter " in good condition " that sold for Is a lb in England would leave the producer about ICHd net, and then he would have many months to wait for his return If it had arrived other wise than in good condition, it would not have sold at all, unless cheap pastrycooks had been found to give 2d a lb for it. There is much less risk incurred in selling it in the colony, and is a lb is always to be had for it is of the best quality, or nearly up to that mark, and cash down on the nail Then there is the article of fresh milk, an item even more important in the economy of the household than butter, particularly where there are children to feed Here the disparity between wholesale and retail prices is even more marked than in the article buttor A cheese factory commenced operations the other day, which is capable of dealing with a thousand gallons of milk per day, and is now receiving 300 or 400 persons a day, but it only pays d a gallon for its supplies, while Melbourne consumers are now paying 5d per quart, and have often to pay more, and what they are paying for they cannot tell The milk business has always been a difficult one to control and manage, because it is not very clear what the milk of commerce really is or should be But assuming it to be good merchantable milk which is drawn from the lacteal glands of a healthy and properly fed cow, how often is this to be got for a mere money payment, with the means to increase its bulk by sophistication lying so ready to the hands of the distributing reader and his agents Î such tests as municipal officers can apply are necessarily only partially ifleetho, and even when a fraudulent dealer is discovered and punished, the penalty has no deterrent effect, for we find the same man up again before long charged with a similar offence. We have mentioned a new cheese factory which purchases its raw material at 4d a gallon similar factories within easy distance, of the city, and on railway lines, have been purchasing theirs at 5d and 6d for years past, and what they paid for was not a more 1 colourable imitation," but real mille, as w is about tained by the only infallible test, viz, by the percentage of cream which the fluid throw up in a given time in this disparity between the milkman's buying and selling price there is an extortionate treatment of the consumer on the one hand (which means the general public, and of an important but unfortunately struggling class on the other How is a remedy to be found 1 In Great Britain a similar wrong has just been righted by a combination among the milk producers, which they adhered to so firmly and unitedly that the dealers were compelled to give way The wholesale prices long paid by " the " trade " was 6d per gallon in spring and summer, and 7d in autumn and winter, the farmers carting the milk to the stations, and paying the rail way freight of about 2d a gallon while the milk was retailed, with such increase in bulk as the dealers' consumers would admit, at Is k1 during half the year, and Is 8d during the other half By combining, the farmers have compelled the dealers to raise the prices to 8d and 10d a gallon (according to the season), and the dealers are now endeavour ing to pass on the increase in the wholesale price to the consumers, in which it is to be hoped they will not succeed The American Granger's' Association was the means of breaking up many monopolies by which the farmer suffered grievously in his business, while in Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Holland, and Denmark, similar unions flourish, greatly to the enrich ment of the farming class, and without injury to the consuming public The subject is well worth the thoughtful consideration of our own farmers, and particularly of those of them who have not yet the support of established foreign markets at their backs At Elsternwick last week 1,800 lads from all parts of the colony were gathered into a military encampment were disciplined by the rules of war, and were fired by all the enthusiasm capable of being developed by the surroundings The event gave practical proof of the success of the cadet system which Colonel Sargood established some years ago, and showed what it will be possible to do in a few years should we be called upon to defend our selves against attack No one expected that the boys would bear themselves as v Sterling , it might even have been supposed that the iii or would be nothing more than a holiday outing, but the result was that all the battalions acquitted themselves splendidly Under came, on parade, in manoeuvres, and at the butts, tests imposed by experienced officers were passed with credit and the fact that one boy scored all the points possible at 500 yards' range in rifle practice showed that in this respect at any rate, older mark soon have something to learn Tiiostrikingfeaturesof the encamp- ment were the whole heartedness with which the young soldiers entered upon their duties, and their observance of discipline they showed themselves to be good material, to say the least, and it will be a pity if they are prevented from continuing in the service of upon which they have entered The time should never come when we must depend upon lads for our defence, but in the closing years of the American war the conscription on the Confederate side was made sufficiently wide to include youths of 17, and sometimes younger, and the way these boys fought will not be forgotten Should the same necessity arise here, the same good work may be expected, but instead of waiting until then it will be better now to give the 1 its facilities for continuing drill until they are eligible for drafting into adult battalions and brigades The ago and physical standards are obstacles at present to immediate drafting Most boys leave school at 14 or 15 years of ago, but very few men are taken into the militia under 20 This is too great a gap, and ardour generated in the cadet ranks must be expected to cool before the opportunity again occurs for service and if it does cool, the work in earlier years is thrown away An intermediate corps is wanted, so that when the school d tys end the boys may pass on to another stage, and by easy progressions find themselves in due time able to enlist in the militia The interest shown by them in their work last week should induce the Minister of Defence to extend the system, and if it should be necessary to be of same small remuneration to these kids after they leave school, to encourage them to attend drills, Parliament will hardly object If a reduction in the wool duties of the United States takes place, it will not be without a bitter struggle Our New York correspondent in his last letter gave the case which the manufactures present for the reform In a word, if they are to do a world wide trade they must have the wool of the world at their disposal the existing policy gives England an unlimited choice of rawmatorinl, adroitness the choice of America to the local article, and America suffers accordingly But it is not to be thought that the wool growers are likely to submit tamely to a reduction of the tariff advantages they have so long enjoyed Thus, in some papers on " Possible Presidents," a writer in the North American leaders claims that the Republican choice should be Senator Joins Sunday, on the ground first, that Mr Sui human will command the support of all the woolgrowers, because of his service to their cause and secondly, that the united wool vote will put any good candidate in A million v motors, we are told, are flock owners one twelfth of all the s.ores and " the " Republican party will not arrive a " power which holds the fate of the other " industries in its hands the wool growers have national and state associations and they mean business " Indiana has 5-1 000 flockowners, \ again 32,000 West 'v urging i 10,000, and California almost as inquiry The woolgrowers, it is claimed, can control these states and these states will carry the Union The country is reminded how MR. Sui UMAV has said and done more than any other candidate to secure protection to the wool industry 'Thus he obtained the tariff of 1867, which for the first time afforded "sufficient protection " to the industry, and he has made himself conspicuous in seeing that the law is rigidly interpreted in favour of the home grower this will suffice to show how strong the interest is supposed to be at the poll, and how it means to fight to the uttermost for its duties, much as every pro- tested industry does fight President On FARM) has assuredly shown immense courage m challenging direct conclusions with the treat wool monopoly of the states, and if we wish him success it is as much in the interests of Americans of Australia, in order that, taking good wool from us- wool which she cannot produce -sho may do a prosperous trade all the world over the PitFsrniNis victory will be the first break in the air, but it is a victory that has yet to be achieved The R M S S Oroya, from London, with mails, passengers, and cargo arrived last evening after a successful passage The mails were not Inn led at Adelaide but were brought on here, They are to the 18th alt., and the Adelaide portion was landed within 29 days The Oroya filled up with passen- gers in all classes, and the list was close on 700 when she left home A number that were left behind at Albany by the H. M. S. S Ormuz came on in the Oroya Amongst the passengers for Sydney by the Oroya are the Right Rev. Dr Camidge, the new Bishop of Bntlmmt, and Mrs. Camidge, Sir Patrick and Lady Jennings, and Sir Robert and Lady Wisdom. There were several cases of measles on board, but of a mild type, and the Oroya was readily granted pratique at the quarantine station There was one death from apoplexy during the voyage. His Oroya on this voyage is under the command of Captain J. B Park His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch have totted up their residence at Mount Macedon for the summer months His Excellency will come to town each Tuesday to preside at the weekly meeting of the Executive Council and Ministers have arranged that in future the weekly meeting of the Cabinet shall be held on Tuesday in stead of Monday, at the termination of the proceedings of the Executive Council The French Government will in all probability be officially represented at the Centennial Exhibition which is to he held in Melbourne next year, providing the commission can see its way to grant an extension of the period within which applications for space may be forwarded Mr Gillies received a communication 5 yesterday from the French consul in Melbourne, intimating the desire of the French Government to be represented at the Exhibition, and request- ing that their application for space may be received up to the end of February in stead of on the 31st of December in, the latest date as yet fixed for that purpose. The Premier has forwarded the letter, through the Chief Secretary a department to his Honour the Chief Justice, as president of the Exhibition Commission with the expression of a hope that the commission will see its way, if possible, to grant the concession under the exceptional circumstances of the case, and thus secure the co-operation of the French Government in the endeavour to make the Exhibition of a thoroughly international character The allotment of the space among the different exhibitors is to be made in May next. The Premier of South Australia has intimated that his Government views with approved the proposition of Mr Gillies that the business heads of the Railway departments of Victoria, New South Wales, and South Aus tralia should meet in conference, for tho purpose of putting an end to the wear of tariffs on the borders of the colonies and framing goods rates on a more equitable and satisfactory basis Further information was asked however, before any steps were taken to appoint representatives, and this has been readily furnished On receipt of a definite reply from South Australia Mr Gillies will request the Government of New South Wales to send representatives to the conference, and it is confidently expected that the invita- tion will be compiled with The President of the Legislative Council and the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly have decided to postpone till after the Christmas holidays the inquiry which is to be held into the allegations against mes singers of both Houses with regard to the wine ale , which is said to have been appro- priated on the occasion of the ceremony of naming the Queens hall Mr Gillies will shortly have an interview with the hallway Commissioners with reference to the agitation among the wheat growers and grain merchants of the colony for a reduction in the rates charge 1 for the carriage of wheat Mr Gillies points out that the grain rates for long distances were reduced to an enormous extent last year, making a difference in the revenue of the Railway department of close upon £100,000 1 he rates were at that time lived as low as possible, and to make a further appreciable reduction, the Minister 13 informed, would involve the department in a loss on the traffic. 'The commissioners have, therefore, expressed themselves unwilling to make any reduction in the rates charged for the carriage of grain over long distances Mr Gillies interview with the commissioners will there fore be confined to the consideration of the claims of ve beet growers nearer the metropolis who consider that they are entitled to lower rates than those at present imposed It is regarded as improbable, however, that any reduction will be made in the grain rates this season Mr Speight and his colleagues. point out that a slight reduction would be of little advantage to individual wheat growers or grain merchants whereaainthe abrogate it would involve the Railway department in a considerable diminution of its income, which would be unwarranted under present circumstances. The estimates of the department have been framed on the basis of the present rates which the commissioners strongly ob- feel to reduce this year. The colony will in all probability be deprived of the services of the staff of Imperial military officers - Colonel Disney Colonel Walker, Colonel Brownrigg, and Major felloweäs at the termination of their present engagements, extending over a period of five years, and terminating in July next. The rules under which officers of the Imperial army were permitted to accept engagements in the colonies conclude with a statement to the effect that no objection would be raised to renewals of such eng cement, but the Government are now informed that unless there are exceptional circumstances, render ing it desirable to re change Imperial officers in the service of colonial Govern- ment, the officers must return home at the expiration of the period of five years. The new rules are framed by the Treasury under the Superannuation Act passed through the Imperial Parliament at the close of last session. The matter will receive the early consideration of the Govern- mont The Commissioner of Trade and Customs will on Tuesday leave Melbourne for Hobart, where he will remain for a period of two months. Mr Walker has never thoroughly recovered from his recent severe illness, and his resumption of his Parliamentary duties was entirely against the wishes of his medical advisers They pointed out to him that he would greatly retard his recovery unless he enjoyed a period of perfect quiet and rest, but he was disinclined to embarrass the Government during the most trying portion of the session and, therefore, continued to remain active control of his department He yesterday had 11 further consultation with Mr ] M James, who has assured him that a period of rest will have a most recuperative effect. His colleagues are desirous that he should follow professional advice, and it is for these reasons that Mr W Walker has determined to take a lengthened holiday During his absence his official duties will be performed either by the Minister of Justice or by the Minister of Defence. Inquiries have recently been made by merchants' agents and others interested in securing exhibits for the Melbourne Cen ternal International 1 Ambition as to the exact terms on which goods will be admitted into the colony 'The Customs authorities now announce that no duty will be charged on articles intended to be shown at the Exhibition so long as they are not sold, but if they go into consumption city will have to be paid on them according to their value at the port of shipment V decision which has an important bearing upon the importation of goods into v Victoria is being enforced by the Commissioner of Trade and Customs According to the word- ing of the Customs Act, duty has to be collected on all goods according to their value at the port of shipment Several agents representing English firms have read this passage as meaning the factory price of the articles Mr Walker dissents from this interpretation, and intimates that he will surely find persons who represent in their invoices the factory prices of goods instead of their value at the port of shipment. He states that to follow any other practice would be to establish a rule which would be all in favour of the home manufacturer He would then in voice his goods to his agent in the colony at the bare cost of production, although if he sold them to the representative of a colonial house in England he would allow a considerable margin for profit, 'the colonial merchant, therefore, would have to contribute duty at the factory value of the goods plus the profit, whereas the manufacturers would only pay on the cost of production A considerable amount of dissatisfaction has been expressed by several agents with regard to this decision, but Mr Walker, when applied to, lina refused to depart from it in the slightest particular The naval arrangements have been made for the observance of the Christmas and New Year holidays in the Post and telegraph department. On Monday, the 26th list., postal money order, and savings bank business will be entirely suspended. No mails will be despatched, nor letters, etc, delivered In telegraph offices Sunday arrangements will be observed On Tuesday, 27th inst, and Monday, 2nd January, all post offices will be closed to the public at 10 a.m The first delivery only by letter earner will be effected All country mails will be received and despatched as usual No money order or savings bank business will be transacted 'lelegrophofhces appointed to be open on holidays will be open as usual Other | offices will be open from 8.30 to 10 am and from 6 to 7 p m On December 27 and January only the Melbourne suburban mails despatched before noon and in the evening will be forwarded to addresses The receiving pillars will be cleared as convenient, but in time for the contents to be sent by mails despatched to different parts of the colony. The appeals made through the columns of the Argus for contributions towards various Christmas treats for the poor and afflicted have met with a very generous response already In this morning a issue alone we acknowledge receipts to the amount of nearly 50 30, and during the last three days subscriptions exceeding in the aggregate £1,000 have been acknowledged through our columns The appeals, however, are unusually numerous, and a few figures will show that there is scope for the utmost generosity that can be displayed Mr C. M. Cherbury appealed for some 3,000 toys, or other gifts for destitute children Dr Campbell for some 1,200 inmates of the Benevolent Asylum and Immigrants' Home, the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society for about COO families, Mrs Bon for upwards of 1,000 inmates of the asylums for the insane and among others to be benefited are over 400 inmates of the Melbourne Orphan Asylum, and hundreds in the other orphanages and in the asylums for the blind and deaf and dumb, upwards of 800 in the Children's Hospital, and 400 Children receiving the attention of the Neglected Children's Aid Society There are also appeals on behalf of many other societies and institutions, each labouring for the benefit of numbers varying from four or five score, to as many hundreds The names of most of these will be found in the list of acknowledgements elsewhere, and it will be seen that with nearly 50 deserving charities to assist there can be no apprehension as to subscribing more than can be advantageously expended. The health officer at Adelaide (Dr. Toll) sent a telegram to the Central Board of Health yesterday, notifying the arrival at that port of the Orient S.S Oroya with 22 cases of measles on board Dr Toll states that he made particular inquiries and a special inspection of the vessel and passengers. A woman and two children were landed in quarantine on Torrens Island, as they manifested symptoms of diphtheria. The other passengers were going on in the vessel to Melbourne No fatality had occurred from the disease, but there had been one death from apoplexy during the voyage. A former telegram from the health officer at Albany stated that the Oroya had a case of chicken pox on board, but no mention of that was made in the telegram from Adelaide received yesterday. The text of the latter telegram was at once sent to the health officers at the heads and Williamstown, and the Oroya was detained at the quarantine station for a careful medical inspection of the passengers and crew. Vessels from Mauritius are liable to deten- tion in quarantine on arrival in this colony, the proclamation declaring the port to be infected with small pox being still in force It is understood, however, that the disease has been stamped out, and the Central Board are desirous of having the proclamation re- voked on receipt of official intelligence to the effect that small-pox is no longer prevalent in Mauritius. 'The Premier has, therefore, been requested to make the necessary in quires, and Mr Gillies has caused a letter to be despatched accordingly. Î he proposal to establish in South Yarra a home for men women is strongly opposed by the residence of that suburb, and a deputation will wait upon the Premier at 1 o'clock to morrow for the purpose of asking the aid of the Government in preventing the promoters of the institution carrying out their project The gunboat Victoria is to be armed with an 8in, breechloader similar to the two guns mounted at the South Channel fort and the 8in. gun at Crow s Nest, Queenscliff 'The 10in. gun now on board the Victoria is too heavy and unwieldy, and it was determined some time ago to substitute a lighter gun of the latest pattern A telegram was received yesterday by the Defence department notifying that the new gan had been shipped, so that it may be expected to arrive early in the new year. The Bacchus Marsh Water Trust has appealed to the Minister of Water Supply for assistance out of a financial difficulty. The works of the trust are man advanced stage, had not sufficiently completed to supply water to either the residents of Bacchus Marsh township for domestic consumption, or to the farmers in the district for stock purposes and irrigation, and the trust is consequently not yet receiving any revenue A deputation waited upon Mr Deakin yesterday to ask for permission to utilise a portion of the funds provided by the recent loan for the reticulation of the town of Bacchus Marsh instead of the purposes specified in the estimate submitted with the application for the loan Mr Donkin said that as a rule he was strongly opposed to the diversion of funds from the purposes for which they were provided, but in this case he thought it would be permitted, under certain precautionary restrictions There was no authority, however, it must be remembered, to grant loans to the trust in excess of its legal borrowing powers, and it would undoubtedly be best for the trust to take steps to bring itself under the Irrigation Act Meanwhile, he would allow the sum of £600, which was set down in the Estimates for fencing, and the sum of £130, intended for surveys, to be utilised for tho purpose of reticulating Bacchus Marsh, and a further sum of £300 to £100 might be advanced to extend the reticulation, as soon as it was made apparent that the trust would come under the Irrigation Act The difficulty in regard to the non- representation of the townspeople on the new trust might be gathered by making the shire council the governing body. for some time past a movement has been on foot for the establishment of a comprehensive library in connection with the Railway department, one branch of which it is proposed shall be circulating, in order that the an }loi/{3 at the various stations through out the country may be benefited as well as those employof in Melbourne Last week a well attended meeting of the committee appointed to make preliminary arrangements was held, Mr Macartney secretary's office) being in the chair, Mr W william Walker (engineer existing lines office) acting as hon. secretary, and representatives from all branches of officers and men being present After a lengthy and interesting discussion, the basis for the formation of a library, as well as the terms of subscriptions were agreed to, and a report prepared by the ch area in of the meeting was unanimously adopted, and signed by all present, for submission to the commissioners. The chief points recommended for their consideration are first cost of books, free carriage, and provision of furnished rooms. A meeting of the Executive Commission of the Victorian Juvenile Industrial Exhibition was held in the Town-hall yesterday, Dr Le 1 were-, M L A, presiding. Mr Edward 1 Ensor, secretary and inspector of the Royal Commission for Promoting'lechnologieal and Industrial Instruction, wrote offering his assistance in bringing the exhibition under the notice of the pupils and students of the schools of art under the Technological Commission. He suggested that the scope of the exhibition should be extended to include handicrafts It was resolved that the offer of Mr Fraser should be accepted with thanks The question of introducing handicrafts was discussed, and it was agreed that special election A be open to persons over the age of 21 years, instead of between the, ages of 21 and 23 years, a nominal charge being made for space, A strong feeling was expressed that the time given for the preparation of exhibits was insufficient and saw the chain. tion, which it had been decided should be opened on March 28, should be postponed. There was a difference of opinion on the subject, but on a vote being taken the resolution passed at the last meeting, fixing the date of opening at March 28, was rescinded by a majority of one vote. The further consideration of the question was postponed until a special meeting to be held on Thursday next. Mr J. Summers was appointed musical director, to act in conjunction with a cere moral and amusement committee, consisting of Messrs C. S Paterson, best, Detmold, Griffiths, Stan ley, D. White, and Dr. Le Fevre. A deputation was appointed to wait on the Premier on Wednesday for the purpose of urging the claims of the exhibition to assistance from the Government The most severe defeat which a Victorian eleven have yet sustained in the cricket field was indicted yesterday by Lillywhite's English Eleven the latter, who had, on Saturday, scored 500 for four wickets, were all out for 621, Shrewsbury carrying his score to 232, while Briggs made 75, Docker 45, and Preston 22 The Victorians, in their second innings, only managed a score of 100 runs, of which number Horan made -11, and carried out his bat. The English team thus won the match by an innings and 150 runs. The meeting of the University Council yesterday was occupied chiefly in discussing the irregularities in connection with the recent ordinary examinations. The three students who induced the professor of natural science to record them as having passed after they had been announced as not passed, which latter decision was again reversed by the council at its last meeting, asked that their papers might be recon- sidered by a board of examiners The council elected Mr A N Pearson and the Rev. A. W Creswell to be to examiners with Professor M'Coy, and it was decided, on the motion of Mr Justice Webb, to remit the papers of all the rejected candidates in natural science at the recent examination to the new board for report, upon which a new list will be published It was decided to take steps for the appointment of co examiners in several other subjects in which the respective professor is at present the sole examiner. Dr Leeper, warden of Trinity College, wrote asking that an investigation should be made into the charge that the results of the ordinary examinations were known to certain students of Ormond College before they were posted, and it was resolved to ask Dr. Leeper to attend the next meeting of the council, together with two students upon whose authority he based his statements A committee was appointed to inquire into the circumstances under watch the examination in operative surgery was alleged to have been rushed through at the last moment. The Faculty of Medicine denied that there had been undue haste, and held that the examination had been efficiently conducted. The Melbourne City Council, at its meeting yesterday, unanimously agreed to adopt the plan of lighting the public lamps of the city every night in the year and on the proposal of Councillor Cain, it was decided to accept the offer of the Metropolitan Gas Company to do it for £6 13s 6d per lamp throughout the year 1888 It was decided, on the motion of Mr. Alderman Moubray, to abandon the idea of a statue of the Queen in connection with the jubilee of her reign, and to return to the local bodies which had sent them their subscriptions, with interest on them. In lieu of the council e contribu- tion to a statue, it was resolved to give £250 to the Queen's Fund and £750 to local chan- ties, hereafter to be decided on. A report recommending certain alterations in the schedule of Balances in the corporation service was postponed for further consideration Among the few changes recommended are proposals that the town clerk's salary be raised from £1,100 to £1,500, and that of the city treasurer from 2650 to £750. The Presbytery of Melbourne North will meet to day at 10 o'clock, in the Assembly-hall Collins street. Among the items of business are the following Final stage of call to Rev. J M'Connell, of Footscray , notice of motion by Rev G D Buchanan, to have the members of the presbytery of Melbourne South regarded as associate members whenever they are present, report of committee on question of presbytery rates; salary of clerk, c and report of committee on changing hour of meeting to afternoon or evening The Rev. Dr. Marshall Lang, who will occupy the pulpit of Scots Church during the next three months, was a passenger by the R.M S. Oroya, which arrived in Hobson's Bay last evening. A reception committee, comprising the leading members of the congregation, proceeded to Williamstown by the special tram which left Spencer street at 9 o'clock, and gave a warm welcome to Dr Lang Upon arrival in town Dr Lang was escorted to the residence of of Mr. Robert Simson, at Toorak, where he will reside for the present. We have been requested to draw attention to an advertisement in another column notifying that a special general meeting of the Royal Geographic in Society of Australasia will be held at the City hall, City of Melbourne bank Limited, on Wednesday evening, 21st inst, and not on Thursday night as previously advertised. Members and friends of the society are requested to take notice that the usual cards of invitation will not be issued on this occasion. The admission is free, and visitors to the colony and others can obtain tickets on application either at Mullen's library or at the society's rooms, opposite Scott's Hotel, Collins street west. Mr. W A. Lyon, of Invercargill, has just arrived from New Zealand, bringing with him a choice shipment of the polled Angus cattle, consisting of one stud bull and 17 stud cows and heifers, including the winners of two first prizes, three second prizes, and one commendation at Wyndham, New Zealand, as well as one first and two second prizes at Invercargill. The sale of Mr. Frederick Peppin's herd of pure Jersey cattle and Dutch Hessian bulls, Exmoor and Shetland ponies, Southdown sheep, pigs, and Dorking fowls takes place to day at his Hawkridge Estate, near Epping, at noon Conveyances will leave the offices of the auctioneers, Messrs Richard Gibson and Co., 60 Queen street, between 9 and 10 a. in the cars on the Carlton tram line, which traverses Swanston street, were sent round on a trial trip yesterday afternoon Everything was found to work admirably, the only difficulty arising from the breakage of the gripper on one car. 'The line will be opened for traffic this morning. It is not unlikely that there may be a capture in the course of a few days between the Ironmasters' Association and the Ironworkers' Assistants' Union Some time ago the union wrote to the employers in the iron trades and demanded a uniform rate of wages, namely 7s 6d per day on and after the 1st prox, as well as certain concessions for working overtime, and travelling expenses when working outside a certain radius 'The masters agreed to allow the assistants the sum asked for for overtime, and also a reasonable amount for travelling expenses, but they were silent as regards the adoption of a uniform rate of pay. When this reply of the em- ployers was laid before the unionists, Borne of whom receive 6s a day and others up to 8s., it was considered to be unsatisfactory and evasive, and it was decided to write to the masters' association and ask for a definite answer before the 22nd Inst to the demands made by the union. A number of the ironmasters yesterday received a letter to that effect from the secretary of the union, but several of them are of opinion that the reply which they forwarded to that union was quite definite enough, and, so far, are averse to taking any further action in the matter, leaving the union to take whatever further steps it may deem advisable. On the other hand, some of the employers are desirous of avert ing of difficulty with the men At the present juncture, but as there are two employers in the trade who are not members of the association and who will be most affected by the demands of the assistants, it is probable that the decision of the masters as a body will, to some extent, be swayed by the stand taken by those firms, 'l I'm chief Justice will give judgment this afternoon in the actions of Camp v King and Band. of Ktcioritt i> Forbes, after the conclusion of the Criminal Sittings in the First i Nisi Prius Court i Mr Justice Webb gave judgment in the i Equity Court yesterday in an action of Summons t Yarra, brought to obtain the opinion of the Court as to the construction of the will of one Edmond Sparks, formerly of Brunswick, who died in June, 1855 By a will made on the 4th September, 1854, of which he appointed Isaac Summons and Joseph Wall trustees, to hold land at Brunswick in trust for his wife, and after her death the land to be equally divided between his daughters, Susannah and Helen There was also provision for afterburn children The will also i contained a provision by which he directed his children to be brought up and educated in the Protestant faith, and in case either or any of them should become a Roman Catholic he directed the land devised to her or them to go and be devised as li she or they were dead before 21 years, or marriage. In the interval between the drafting of the will and its execution another child was born, who was named Louisa. The widow died in 1882 The daughter Helen died in 1865 under age and unmarried Since the death of the widow, the daughter Susannah has taken possession of the whole of the testator's real estate, claiming as the Survivor of the two, herself and Helen The trustee, however, had some doubts as to whether she was entitled to it, as she was a Roman Catholic. Louisa Sparks was also a Roman Catholic, and it was also doubtful whether the property should go to her or to Mr Sparks' eldest son by a previous marriage. His Honour was of opinion that Susannah had become a Roman Catholic, and had, therefore, forfeited any right to the land. Louisa had also become a Roman Catholic, and her interest in the property would have also gone except that, owing to the peculiar manner in which the will was framed, there was no provision for giving it to anyone after her. His Honour was, therefore, of opinion that all the land became vested in Louisa Sparks on the death of her mother in 1882, and he made a decree accordingly. Arthur Rickards, a storekeeper, lately carrying on business at Prahran, who was recently convicted before Mr Justice A'Beckett on a charge of fraudulent insolvency, was yesterday brought up before the Supreme Court to receive sentence. He was sentenced to two } years' hard labour. Wm Aedy, a farmer at Oakleigh, who was convicted at the November Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court of making a false declaration in order to fraudulently obtain from the registrar of titles a certificate of title to land at Oakleigh, was yesterday brought up before Mr Justice A'Beckett to receive sen fence. Sirlirjan O'Loghlen, who appeared on his behalf, called Dr. Springthorpe to give evidence as to the state of the health of the defendant. He said that the defendant was suffering from an illness which might prove very serious it he were imprisoned, Off her witnesses were also called, who stated, that he had lost all his property in consequence of the litigation over this land, and that any line that was imposed would have to be paid by his friends His Honour, in passing sentence, said that he had intended I to inflict a fine and not imprisonment He concurred with the verdict against the defendant, but at the same time thought that there were extenuating circumstances, which might lead the defendant to suppose that he was only exaggerating or misrepresenting what actually occurred as to the land, rather than that he invented a lie, or made a gross misrepresentation to the registrar of titles. He also thought that the Legislature considered that a penalty should be the ordinary punishment, and had intended to inflict a line of £100 But he accepted the statement that the amount must be found by the defendant's friends, and he would therefore reduce the amount to £50 He then ordered the defendant to pay a fine of £50, and to be imprisoned till the fine was paid The line was paid during the day, and the defendant was released from custody. A man named Thomas Games, lately carrying on business as a draper in Hawthorn, was charged yesterday in the Criminal Court, before Mr Justice Kerferd, with fraudulent insolvency the charge against him was that he had obtained goods on credit and before pay ing for them had disposed of them otherwise than in the ordinary course of his business that he had within four months next before the sequestration of his estate obtained goods on the false pretence of carrying on business in the ordinary way of his trade and had not paid for them, that he made a transfer of his property to one George Morgan with intent to defraud his creditors that he did not deliver up to his trustee a portion of his estate and that he did not deliver up his books of accounts to his trustee. Games carried on his business at Haw- thorn till the 10th August last, when he sold the stock in trade, due., to his brother in law, one George Morgan, who gave him a cheque for £300 for it. On the 11th August Games left the shop at Hawthorn, and went to New Zealand, and on the same afternoon Morgan took possession of the premises, where he conducted the business for several weeks, the sums received for the goods sold being paid to him. On the 1st September Games's estate was compulsorily sequestrated in the Insolvency Court Games returned to Victoria on the 28th October, and was then arrested on a charge of fraudulent insolvency. He denied that he had intended to defraud. anyone. Mr. Willan and Mr. C. A. Smyth appeared for the prosecution , Mr. Johnston for the defendant. The jury found the defendant guilty, but recommended him to mercy on the ground that he had acted under the influence of his brother in law. He was remanded for sentence. At the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, held before his Honour the Chief Justice yesterday, in the First Nisi Prius Court, Charles Henry Lervvell, n cabinetmaker, was arraigned on a charge of having stolen 9 or 10 pieces of deal, valued at about £2, from the timber yard of Messrs. Gibbs and Mountain, of South Melbourne. Mr. MacDermott prosecuted for the Crown, and Mr Lewis defended the prisoner. The timber in question was stolen the night of the 30th alt, and it was found on the premises of the prisoner, which were not far from Messrs Gibbs and Mountain's yard. 'The defence was that the prisoner had bought the timber from a man who had been working for him, and that he had not been able to discover the whereabouts of the min since The jury returned a verdict of guilty of feloniously receiving the stolen timber, and the prisoner was remanded for sentence The Court, at its rising, adjourned until this morning An action was brought in the County Court yesterday by Mr John Carman, of Carlton, to recover £200 from Mr Michael Gorry, of Fitzroy, publican, us money had and received by the defendant for the use of the plaintiff. The sum of £200 was also sued for as commission on the sale of the goodwill and business of the Kent Hotel, in Carlton, of which the defendant was formerly the licensee. Plaintiff a case was that about two months ago the defendant told him that he wanted to dispose of his interest in the Kent Hotel, that he would take £1,800 for it, and that if plaintiff could sell it for more than that sum he could keep all he obtained over it. The plaintiff knew of a purchaser, and bought the interest for £1,800, and sold it again to Mr Nation, brewer, for £2,000 the license was transferred to a party named by Mr. Nation. The money was paid over to the defendant by Mr Nation, in the office of Mr Leonard, solicitor, and the plaintiff then asked him for £200, the difference between £1,800 and £2,000, bat the defendant told him he must wait until the licensing day). The defence was that Gorry Bold to Nation, and not to Calman, and that there was no agreement to pay the £200 It was admitted that commission was due to the plaintiff on the transaction, and £G210s was paid into Court, being 5 per cent on the first £500, and 25 per cent on the remainder of the £2,000 His Honour Judge Cope, who heard the cane, returned a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed. An action of Davey, Danby, in reference to the estate of Mrs, Louisa The woman, was decided in the Supreme Court yesterday by Mr. Justice Webb. In February, 1886, MraC Thoneman executed a deed of assignment in trust for her creditors, of which Mr. H. W. Danby was appointed trustee. Some of the l creditors were dissatisfied with this arrange \- ment, and took steps to have the estate of Mrs Thoneman sequestrated in the a Insolvency Court In this they were suc I cessful. and Mr. T. J. Davey was appointed trustee of that estate The amount realised by Mr. Danby from the assets was about £610 He paid out of this dividends to a number of creditors who had executed the i deed of assignment Mr. Davey, the trustee under the insolvency, disputed the legality of this assignment, and brought an action to recover from Mr. Danby the amount he had received. Mr. R. Barnard, a creditor, who had been paid it-dividend, was made a defendant as representing the other creditors who had received dividends. The deed of assignment to Mr. Danby was impeached on the ground that it was made with intent to defeat and delay creditors under the Insolvency Statute that it was with intent to hinder or delay creditors under statute 13, i Elizabeth and also, that it was a settlement made within two years of the insolvency, and was therefore void. Mr. Justice Webb overruled all the objections to the deed of assignment, and gave judgment for the defendant with coats. At the meeting of the Prahran City Council on Monday evening a letter, written on behalf of Lady Loch, by the secretary of the Queen's Fund, appealing for a contribution to that fund, and mentioning that it was hoped that £10,000 would be realised before the close of the year, were received Tbeletterwas referred to the finance committee for report, the councillors expressing their desire to contribute if they had power to use the ratepayers' money for that purpose. It was resolved that the mayor and Councillors Muntz and Forbes should confer with the St. Kilda Council on Thursday next about the construction of the proposed Union-street drain. Mr. E. H Davies wrote to suggest that, as the trains were to run along Chapel- street, the dummy cars might be made to carry water in small tanks under the seats, so contrived that the conductor could water the streets as the car passed along. The letter was received. A lengthy discussion took place on a recommendation of the building regulation committee, adding the names of about 10 streets to the list of those in which wooden buildings were prohibited. Councillor Arkle was of opinion that the enforcement of the regula- tion would drive many people of small means away from the city. The may or and Councillor Turner argued that a better tone would be given to the appearance of the streets by the erection of brick instead of wooden, buildings, and alluded to the necessity for protecting the city from fire. The recommendation was adopted. The announcement made by Sir Julius Vogel, that he had a scheme to restore prosperity to New Zealand, and continue public works without raising loans on the London market, but was afraid to bring it down, as it would be jeered and laughed at by Major Atkinson's followers led to his being interviewed recently (says our Dunedin correspondent) Sir Julius was too cautious to reveal his panacea. All that he would indicate was that the effect of his scheme would be to enable taxation to be reduced, although the tariff would bereaved. He would give relief through the property tax, and fix the sum to be paid for a number of years. But his great relief would be the adoption of a minimum rate for railway carriage on agricultural, dairy, and other produce and manufactures of the colony, to what would actually represent little more than the cost of carriage to the department He thinks these proposals would create confidence, and immigration on a large scale would be induced, while real estate world command its proper value. These are about the only indications the ex- Treasurer would disclose. An important change in the cast was made on the occasion of the second performance of Verdi's "La Traviata " at the Alexandra Theatre last night As Signor Sontinelh was indisposed, his place was filled by Signor Lazzarini, who played the part of Alfredo Germont In his rendering of the tenor music throughout tina opera, Signor Lazzarini is to be complimented upon maintaining the high level of excellence which he has attained in the operas with which his name has been associated. In his performance of the air, "De'miei Solent spire," he was enthusiastically applauded by a large audience. Signora Curtis gave a forcible and pathetic reading of the rule of the heroine. To-night "Maritana" will be repeated. The plan for the two performances of "The Messiah " to be given by the Melbourne Philharmonic Society on the 24th and 26th last is now open, and is rapidly filling up at Messrs. Nicholson and Co.'s, Collins street We have received from "INSET." and "H.J." a cheque for £23211s., which sum is requested to be distributed as follows-. Building fund Children's Hospital, on same terms as the £100 promised by Sir Henry Loch, £200 ; Convalescent Home for Women, Oakleigh, £5 Bay Women's Hospital, £4 4s.; Little Sisters of the Poor, £2 2a.; Benevolent Asylum treat, £2 22.; Miss Sutherland's Homeless Boys' Fund, £10 10s.; Uomcoo writing Hospital, £1 4s,; St Kilda Ladies' Benevolent society, £4 4s. Mrs Purbrick, hon. treasurer, desires to acknowledge with thanks a donation of £100 from Mr. F. S. Grimwade, to the building; fund of the Convalescent Home for Women, Oakleigh. The sum of 568 93, has been forwarded to us by Mr. W. T. Jones, who desires that it may be distributed amongst the charities according to the following list, the donations to be devoted to providing a Christmas treat in all cases where such are proposed in connection with the respective institutions : Miss Sutherland's Neglected Children's £2 fls, Immigrants' Home Christmas Fund, for Mr. Woolley, £3 is.; Victorian Infant Asylum, for Mrs. Nankivell, £5 this Benevolent Asylum Christmas treat, £5 5s ; Children's Hospital do, so Ss.; Little Sisters of the Poor, 53s ; Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Asylum, 55 5s Major Barker's Christmas dinner to the poor, class.; Melbourne Orphan Asylum, 66 5s ; Cambrian Society of Victoria benevolent fund, £6 5s.; Dr. Campbell's tobacco fund, £2 2s, ; Collingwood Creche, £0 us.; St Vincent de Paul's Orphanage, 56s.; Home of Hope for Destitute Children, at 3s.; Blind Asylum, £2 2s. Mr. J. W. Hunt forwards us a cheque for £30 for distribution, as follows Convales- cent Home for Women (building fund), £10; Prison Gate Brigade, &c.; (men and women), £3, Rev. Canon Potter's case (the Widow Smith), £2. Christmas Treats Benevolent Asylum, £3; Immigrants' Aid Society, £3; Kew and Yarra Bend Asylums, £3; Little Sisters of the Poor, £3; Dr. Singleton's Home, in; Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society, £3; Rev Dr. Strong's Benevolent Society, £2 ; Melbourne Orphan Asylum, 2: St Vincent de Paul's Orphanage, £2 ; Blind Asylum, £2, Deaf and Dumb Asylum, £2 ; Newsboys' Try Excelsior Class, £2; Sick Children's Hospital, £2 ; Dr. Campbell's Smoke Fund, £1. Mr. Frederick Pippin has forwarded us a cheque, for the Gs. for distribution amongst the following charities St Kilda Ladies' Benevolent Society, £2 2s; Melbourne do., Li 2s; Charity Organisation Society, £2 2s. Christmas Treats Austin Hospital, £1 la.; Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum. £1 Is. ; some of Hope for Destitute Children, £1 la.; Newsboys'' 'Try Excelsior Class, £1 Is.; Christmas Dinner for Poor (Major Barker), LI In Benevolent Asylum, £1 Is.; Immi- grants Home, £1 Is. ; Children's Hospital, £1 Is ; Neglected Children's Aid Society, £1 Is., Dr. Campbell's Tobacco Fund, 10s. We have received from Mr G. Geo. Crespin a cheque for 100 10s , with a request that the- sum be distributed as donations to Christmas tree funds as follows Benevo- lent Asylum, 2 2s., Blind Asylum, 2 2s; Deaf and Dumb Asylum, 2 2s., Hospital for Sick Children, £2 2s , Protestant Orphanage, £2 2s. , A cheque for £10 10s. has been forwarded to us by Messrs Guthridge, Brice, and Co. with a request that the Sinn be distributed as follows. - Melbourne- Ladies Benevolent Society, £5 th , t. Inldriu'ai Hospital, £2 2s; Infant Asylum, £1 la; Home of Hope, £1 la.; Immigrants' Home, £1 Is. For distribution amongst the Christmas treat funds mentioned below we have received 3 10s. from "A G A.".-Immigrants' Home, £1, Children's Hospital, £1, Austin Hospital for Incurables, £1, South Yarra and Prahran Ladies' Benevolent Society, £1; Miss Sutherland's Mission, £1; Dr. Campbell's Tobacco fi find, 10s We have received the following charitable donations From Mr G Bowles-£G, to be distributed as follows. immigrants' Home, at ; Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society, £1 ; Austin Hospital, £1, Children's Homes of Hope, £1 ; Young Men's Christian Aubo dation. £1. From "li. J. L. nnd.Co."-£5 for the Charity Organisation Society From " O "-£5 to be divided in equal sums of £1 each between the following charities Mel bourne Ladies' Benevolent Society St Kilda Ladies' Benevolent Society Prahran and South Yarra, Ladies Benevolent Society, Samaritan Brigade and Little Sisters of the Poor From Mr Israel Barnard £2, to be divided in equal sums of 10s each between the Christmas fund treats of the following institutions Austin Ros picul. Childrens Hospital, Prahran and South Yarra Ladies Benevolent Society and Newsboys' Try Excelsior Classes From " KOT,' £1 in to the Women's Hospital Crown "A Schoolgirl, 2s 6d to the Children's Hospital Christmas treat fund As a donation to the Christmas treat fund of the Children's Hospital we have received £2 16s., being the result of a contribution made amongst the officers of the Audit office. Mr W M Forster, leader of the News Boys'' Try Excelsior Class, desires to acknowledge the following subscriptions to a fund to provide a Christmas picnic for the boys - "Hi in Sands and M Dougall,£22s Sir good, Butler, and Nichol, £2 2s , Bean champ Bros , £1 Is., Banks and Co ; £1, J L Zox, £1 Is., Henry Smith, £1 Is , G D Carter, MLA Mr Forster wishes it to be known that he will be glad to receive further donations to the fund, either personally or through The A rivers Mr. Call, P.M., acknowledges £10 from Sir William J Burke for the at) court poor box We have received from Messrs Clarke and Co of 10 Collins street east a cheque for £110, with a request that the sum be distributed as follows -Women a Hospital £5 , Children's Hospital, £5, Blind Asylum, £5 , Deaf and Dumb Asylum £5, Austin Hospital for Incurables, £5 the Refuge for 'Fallen Women £5, Magdalen Asylum, £5, Miss Sutherland a Neglected Children's Home, £5, Collingwood Creche (the Rev Dr Strong's) £13, Little "-sisters of the Poor £5, St Vincent de Paul s Orphanage, £5 Melbourne Orphan Asylum Brighton, £5 Immigrants' Aid Society, £5 Society for Relief of 'Educated Poor, £5, Mr Woolley's Immigrants' Home Christmas 1 rent, J, Club ren's Cottage Home Brighton £3, Cone a lescent Home for Women, Oakleigh, £3 , District Nursing Society, £3, Maternity Aid Society, £3, Victorian Infant Asylum (Mrs. Nankivell a), £1, Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society, £3 Home of 14 he for Destitute Children £3 , Prisoners Aid Society £2. Christmas Ireatlunda Benevolent Asylums £1, Children's Hospital, £1, Deaf and Dumb Asylum £1, Womens. Hospital, £1, Little Sisters of the Poor £1, Blind Asylum, £1, Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society, £1, Austin Hospital, £1, Kew and Yarra Bend Asylum £1 Melbourne Orphan Asylum, £1 Dr Campbell b Tobacco Fund, £1, Major Barker s Prison Gate Brigade, £1, Major Barker 8 Rescued Sisters' Home, £1, Major Barker a Samaritan Brigade, £1 ; On Christmas Day the as. Edina will leave the Queen's Wharf at 115 for Portarlington, returning at 5 p in The Boxing Day excursions to be made by William Howard Smith and Son's steamers include the Buninyong 3,000 tons Captain Roy, for a trip round Port Phillip, the Konoowarra, 2 600 tons, Captain Tozer, for Schnapper Point, and the Edina for Geelong and Portarlington Particulars appear in our advertising columns Messrs C J and I' Horn are advertised to sell to day properties in Barker's road, Railway } state, Hawthorn, also in Glenferrie road, Kew, Le Messrs Fraser and Co Limited will sell this afternoon, at half past 2 in their rooms, 19 Queen street, the following valuable city freehold properties - Briscoe and Co s large stores in Queen street Virgoe, Son, and Chapman b premises in Elizabeth street, and Nos. 5 and 7 Market-street Mr J H Knipe will sell by auction to-day at the Royal Exchange at 2 o'clock, 10 city and suburban properties at Perth, Western Australia Messrs Oldfield, Moore, and Bland are advertised to hold a sale to day of properties in the city, East Melbourne, North Melbourne, Brunswick, 'Toorak, and Dandenong In connection with the closing for the Christmas holidays of the dancing classes conducted by Mrs Green in Melbourne, St Kilda, and South Yarra, a juvenile fancy dress ball was held at the Freemasons' hall Collins street, on thursday evening last Amongst the dances performed by the children were a minute, tarantart, La St) Finn and others During the evening Mrs Green was presented by her pupils with a silver set of entree dishes the ball closed at midnight At Young and Jackson's Hotel yesterday, Mr Fallon late manager of Mr Geo < rail) s drapery establishment in Bourke street, was presented with a diamond horse shoe pin, by the town commercial travellers on his Silver- ing, his connection with the ah vc firm after 17 years service to enter into business on his own behalf in Prahran Mr King of Messrs Paterson Laing and Bruce in pre Bontinztho souvenir, on behalf of the commercial travellers, after thanking him for his past kindness and affability, wished the recipient every success in his new under taking We are requested to call attention to the sale by auction this day at Scott's Hotel, at 3 o'clock by Messrs Pratt Kincaid, and Co , of city properties and block of land 9 acres, at Newmarket, adjacent to Dalgety's wool and grain stores The coat portion of St Kilda has long felt the want of a suitable public building for recreation purposes Within the last few months a new assembly hull has been erected by private enterprise, and will be opened on Thursday evening next by an inaugural concert the ball is situated in Chapel street opposite All Saints Church The entertainment proposed for thursday evening will be of a high class, as the programme will include Mrs Palmer, Madame Christian, Mr Armes Beaumont, and Mr Gladstone in rie,lit les vocalists Miss Nellie Veitch will recite The Bells and The Brass Boy 8 Debt Signor Steffani will be solo violinist, and the concert generally will be under the conductor ships of Mr Jos Summers, Mus B ic, Oxon. The new hall is capable of seating 800 per tons _ 