L O C A L . A N D W E N B B 4 ! I ntbbcolonial M ails.—W e e formed by the Secretary o f the Post Office that as Monday and Tuesday next ranged for the mails to Leave^ per Flinders, due at Launceston on Saturday next, to be brought on by the express train, and a delivery of the letters will be made to these persons who may call at the General Post Office at or about 10.30 o'clock on that evening. Chbibtmas P ostal A bbanoehents.— As Christmas Day falls on a Sunday this year, Monday next, the 26th inst,, w ill be observe! as a close holiday by the Postal Department. Theie will be no delivery of letters by the letter, carriers on that day, and. with the ex ception of the letter-boxes being open, tbe office will be closed to the public. On Tuesday there will be a morning delivery of Utters, beginning shortly after 8 e’cloek Letters for that delivery must be posted before 8 a.m. The office will be closed between 9.30 a.m. and 6 p.m N o interruption in the receipt and des patch of mails w ill take place daring tbe two holidays, and the letter-receiver* will be cleared morning and evening, the letters reaching the General Post Office at 6.60 a.m. and 6.10 p.m. T elegraph A eranoeekntb,—T he arrangements of the Telegraph Department for the Christmas holidays will be as follow :—Thc ordinary office hours—8.30 to 9.30 a.m. *nd p.m.- will be observed on Sunday, December 25, and January 1\. A ll offices, with the exception of Hobart, Launcerton, and Low Hcfid, close all day on Monday. December 26. Hobart, Launceston, and Low Head close on Monday, December 26, from 10 a.m. until 6,30 p.m. All stations close on Tuesday, December 27, and Monday, January 2. from 10 a.m. until 0.30 p.m. A Ohbmtm is Salutation.—W p have received from the obliging, intelligent, and expert young gentlemen in the 'icle. gnph and Telephone Department of good city a novel Christmas card, <i*ftiy ncillfd by the cunning hand of M r T. Sidwood. Two illustrations show the despatch and delivery of a telegraph cage, nod while not committing our* selves to the exact time—three minutes — we car bear testimony to the uniform celerity with which tele#p*u*t are delivered, and warmly acknowledge top kindly greetings of the employees afore.- said. Council o f Education.—A meeting of this council was held at tbe Boardroom, Macquarie street, yesterday aftermoon, there being present. Rev. Canon Archer (in the chair), Ditcetor Stephens, and Messrs W . Tarleton, P.M ., Young, and Hunter. The minutes of the prcrioas meeting having been confirmed, tho following communication was Tead from the Registrar o f the Mclbomrae Uni* reriity in reply to » eqquirr from the c o u n c i l “ Sir,—In reply to your letter of the 17th ina:., I have the honor to inform you that the question o f the recognition of the T&smaniau; degree of Associate of Arts as anecjuiva- Jept to the matriculation examination of this University, hat engaged the comideration of iLe council, who Das requested the Professorial B o t^ to draw up a etatute giving the couneil power to make such I . _____________ recognition. T* It I. is n.t not nnlifrzlir unlucely trial that tbe council will deal with the statoto, but tbe matter will provoke aome discussion in tho agnate, hut it is passible the senate may not consider the statute until the begipmng of next year.” Tlie communication was received, and it was resolved that the president write to Drs. Broraby aBd Leeper and Professor Irving asking them ta be present at the senate and exert their influence in the matter when the subjeot cornea on for consideration. Mr Stephen Hughes, of Ppo»P«ct View, New Town, wrote 4fi the secretary of the conncil as follows; - " S i r —I flesiro to inform yon, in yo»r eepflafy_ as secretary of the Cou&eil; of Education, that my son, Stephen Henry Hughes, A.A., has just passed his final examination for the degree of B.A. at the University of Melbourne The young man has bao to pursue his studies under some difficulty, but could not afford to cuter on residence, and con* ■equpotiy waji unable to attend lectures. For the' purpo** of providing himself i ^ the neafifssry booitjP book and ^tba means cf defraying university expense#, t e " pted the position of tutor in to® family of a gentleman residing at a distance of some 80 miles or more trom Melbourne. His studies for tbe degree, therefore, have been entirely private. I may add that be waa an exhibitioner under the Board of Education.” ;Tbe letter waa received. fnnn^il certificate1 of attendance and oonduot o f the following Tasmanian I scholars from their various English universitiet, namely, Messrs R. 8 . ti(ephfei boo, K. A. LampriH, ” O. Haler, Harcourt Glbtin* The council into a committee, th 4 bnsineai being o f a private character. L icxnstko O ousr—A® adjourned mooting of this court was held in the Mayor's Courtroom yesterday afternoon, before Messrs Tarlo on, P.M . (rbwr* man). Crisp, - Fisher. MacMillan. , F .W . Mitchell, W . Bellun. and Welch. M r H. Dobson appeared for the appli* cants 4n eaeh M e flnd I>erVia8 the objecting p*riies. The adjourned c u e ' o f tb e a igh field Hall Hotel was f w tlw f considejpi ° odder said he had inspected the hotel, nd found that since the adjournent of the case the notue ad been completely furnished hroughout in sceoroauoe with law, and as now fully ready for occupation; and urthermore, the polioe had no objection o the license being granted to the ireseut applicant, James Levan. M r Jerkins slated that he desired to with draw all further opposition to the application, as the Cascade Brewery Company had given an assurance that in future the business of the hotel wouldbe conducted in a proper manner. The Bench granted the license, the Chairman remarking that he was.pleased there was a probability of the hotel being better conducted future than it nad been in the past. John Mazey applied for a renewal oE bis license for the Golden Cross Hotel, in Murray street. M r Perkins, in tins case, also, said he would on behalf of previous objectors, withdraw all opposition for the same reason, namely, that the Cascade Co. had guaranteed that the hotel should be conducted in orderly manner. On this understanding, and tbere being no objection raised by the police, the license was renewed. The court then adjourned tine die. P alace Skating B i n k .—T he tweeu Gibfon and Crockfoid took place at the above place o f amusement. last evening. There was a fair attendance of the public, and great interest was taken to' how the race would result. The distance fixed on was five miles, 24 laps of the room going to the mile. A t 8.16 both men made an appearanoe, received with applause. Dr. Muirhead acted as starter and referee, aud sent the contestants away to a good start, Gibson on the inside. This gentleman went away with a small lead, and at the end of ^the first mile he led by about half a ’ This lead was maintained until twelfth lap in the third mile was reached, when Crockford made an effort to come on terms with his opponent but did not succeed. Is the fourth mile the men kept close together, and Crockford would would had the lead in the I 8th lap had ha not slipped. On the last mile being entered on. Doth men seemed determined to do their best, and the excitement was intense. Coming round the lower turn Gibson swerred and Crockford, being close at hand, took the lead which he maintained till the finish, winning by about two yards. Messrs M cM ullen and Gates acted ai lap-takers. After the race the public took possession of the floor, and skating kept up till 10 p.- Cit y P olio b Cqubt,—M r Tarleton, P.M ., presided at this court to-day, when the following cases were dealt with i For being drunk and incapable in Mu' ray street at an early bour this morning, William Harrison was fined 6s, default seven days’ imprisonment. In the maintenance cases of Davis v George Davis, and Pedder v. George and Christina Davis, Mr Jackson, Who in each case appeared for the male de- fendant, applied for a further remand on two grounds,namely that he bad an engage- ment In the Supreme Court which would immediately commence its sitting, and secondly, that his client was at pepsent in Launceston earning his living and had promised to come to Hobart and appear in the cases as soon as the earned sufficient money to pay his expenses. The Police Magistrate ad- journed the cases until Thursday next on the ground that no notice had been served on Mr James McFarlane, who had previous adjudicated wilh him on the cases named, and therefore the presence of that gentleman was indispensable. The court then adjourned till 11 o'clock. On resuming, the Police Magistrate and M r W . F, Brownell occupied the bench. Thomas Fennell, on remand from the previous day, was charged with the larceny „ u; of M. „ ' hoe, valued 1 " a at ’Is, * i!‘“ the property of M r ‘Westbrook. The prisoner called the following witnesses, who all stated thst they had mistaken him for a man named Ware, who was very much like him, only smaller and of bright complpp011’ namely:— Edmund Chalmers,' Henry John Robinon and W illiam B. Martin. Prisoner handed in a letter written by himself, and containing a denial of the larceny. The Bench, however, refused to receive such as evidence. They had no doubt but toa1 prisoner was gailty of the charge,"an4 thgrefpye sentenced him to one month's imprisonment. Thp pourt then adjournei. Chbibtmas C on cert at G lrfo bch y.— This concert, under the pattotiRge of the Hon. P. O. Fysh, M.L.O, for Bucking, ham, and M r J. Hamilton, M .L(A. for Glenorchy, the Warden and Cutmcillors of the municipality, and the principal residents of tho district, many of whom We noticed were present), took place last evening at the new hall, a very substantial building erpctpd thpjre* I'hP pro* tramme, which had b,eem arranged by M r F, Buck, assisted by M r Bates, Garrison Bandmaster, was. with the exception o f one or twf> items, parried out to a successful issue, as we* evinced by tbe reoeption Recorded to tbe various contributions by tbe audience. Messrs Buck and Wallace opened the entertainment by playing in a vivacious manner the “ Kadctaky March fStruss). M r E . Parcell 6**e * humoron« frish reading- The Ghost’’— from '■okcd’ t l i rrtiE ifj^ o f thoie present V r Bates then followed wit® P'arafip polo— " Fantasia on German a ir s w fiip b hp played so efficiently that an encore wps demanded. M r C. Hamilton’s reoiution, " Vat you please,” waa fairly amusing, Mrs Bellette sang “ W aiting’ in a very legfi&g; and gracefnl style. A piano solo’ by Miss Morrisby was grieo with much brilliancy. In the absence of Miss Bargh, who waa set down in tbe programme for “ Within a mile of t>i Edinblio ■ i rn Town," " iMrs r » Bolletta UbIIaMa kindly Irinnlv Undertook to eupply her place, and sang it wej.1 repeivtoK ®n encore. “ Home, sweet home/’ a violin polo, yas given with much taste and precision by 1M-r Wallace who is no mean instrument*bit. M r Wallace being encored responded by giving tho “ Vicar of Bray.” “ Sweet is tbe dream” duct was then sang by Mr# and Miss Bellette. M r E. Purcell proved as amusing as ever in bis seoond reading, “ M y father is a s e n t r y b y Charles Lejjey. M r Bates’ cornet solo, Varie d’Alfane,” was so well rendered that an enaorp to which he responded with “ tiqenri t ^ t are brightest.” Several other items Wjpre gone through by M r C. Hamilton, Mrs and Miss Morrisby, and M r Brook concluded a very pleasant evening’s entertaioment by singing a comic soog, entitled “ Jones’ tiister,” which sent the audience home well satisfied with two and a-hajf hour#’ diversion. T hb P iA iU T to Season.—T he ap- prototong season at the Theatre Royal to be introduced to us by M ” Digby Willoughby, who bte for years been one of the _ reignfavorites f the London o worlds o f fashion and of art, promises to be one o f exceptional brilliancy; and certainly the artiste herself and. ber general manager, M r H. N . Montagu, nerve to secure and rdr«m0tic work, V of England/' w»to PD»FR7 rimqet d sun table, the manager Btori" ubiquitous, and is evidently mf hosts of friend# to contribute ip • well- deserved success. Hi# Excellency the Governor and Lady Hamilton here given their patronage for the season, and as >hc Theatre ie likely to be crowded*” tbo two holiday mchte, Monday and Tuesday- playgoers should prpcarelto »u‘ Mate early at ^mnan'v. AqUATiOB,’—The Derwent'r Bowing Club held a scratch fnur-oared nue last evening; the cobrse ‘ ~was from ' sheds round.the powder hulks and back to place of starting, tbe prise being trophies presented by the club. The crows were: —0. Robert* (stroke), H. Nichols (8), K. Lovett (2), and W . Howe (bow ); V . J. Todd (stroke), G. Hudson (3), P. Lovett (2), and G. Butler (bow). Tbe erews were got away to an indifferent •tart, Roberts getting away-with the lead, and won by about three lengths. Heberts’ crew had now to meet the byp, which w e re : -t T. fitobinson (*troko), G. Smith (3),' H. Smith (2), and H . Johnson (bow). Both crows were got away together, Robinson lciding for about a quarter o f a mile, when Roberts passed him, and won a well-contested race by about a length and a h a lf.' The win was a very popular one, tbe crew having won the two heats within the hour. L it t le OystbbCove.—A correspondent writes—The Channel Rifle Clnbs wen inspected by Sergeant-Major Rafferty ox the evenings oft Wednesday, and Thurs day, the 14th and 16th inste. The parade as ordered at M r Jackson's paddock for both nights, but out of respect to M r Jackson and our comrades wl lost a son and brother, we paraded at the raDge, Trial Bay. The first evening devoted principally to com- ^ drill, manual, ‘ firin g,, _&pd; fijercisB, wi{h which thie Sfu> geant-Major expressed himself much satisfied. After going through the tamo ordeal next night, a new leature was instituted. The clubs were put through the motions of battalion drill, as in line, column, etc., Lieutenant fielby, acting' inBtnictor, Sergeant Hughes as captain, aud Sergeants A.L H. Smith and K. Meredith, doing double duty as right and left guides and markers. The same was carried out in tbe light infantry exercise Serceant-Major Rafferty acting as oritiqueall through. He expressed him* self much pleasod with the ekirmishiog or , liaht infantry drill, the markers, Sergeants Smith and Meredith working their half companies in a masterly manner, repeating the command*,^■forming, rallying squares, then at the final retieat, clearioft the reserve and forming two distinct compares in column. The reserve*, I may state, were composed of tbe sergeant-major apd the visitors, a sprint ling of the fair sex helping to form tbe line M b G . Kxbb's Establishment.—This popular old-established business is again to the front. The proprietor, who has been studying the wants of the people of Hobart for over 20 years, has made his nhop more than nspally attractive this year by again 6howiDg g large and varied assortment of fancy Christmas goods specially selected by himself for Christmas trade. Good taste is displayed in the arrangement of the goods. The shop and windows are nicely dressed, and form a great attraction for old and ^ T btb M essiah. — This evening the Orchestral Union will give “ The M essiah” at the Town Hall. As one-half the proceeds are to go to Herr Schott, a f*rmer conductor of the Union, and the excellence of the society itself being so well-knewn, there should, as on former occasions, be a crowded house. Seating Ca r n iv al.—T he cbildren’i fancy dress skating carnival will take place at the Palace Skating Rink tomorrow evempg. The In e grand graaq march marcp will wm take pi ace at fTo’plock. aud the leaders are tobe a little shepherd and shepherdess. Limelight will be extensively used, and tbe scene Bbould be pretty. N *w N obfolk R egatta. — Tbo Monarch will make an excursion to tbe Now Norfolk Regatta, leaving Hobart atfi a.m., and F e w Norfolk at 4.30 p.m. P isa H gtbl, Sw aniba.—V isitors to Swpmpa wi)l flDd tho Fier Hotel a very convenient stoppine»place. 3 bore if good fishing and shooting in the vicinity. Behoved. — Messrs Lipicombe and Sons have removed from the Old W h arf Elizabeth street, where they will continue to carry on the busiueis of nurserymen, seedsmen, and florists. 1 h»y have also opened a fruit refreshment at the same plefc. ngston Sportn. — The Kingston Jubilee Athletic Club Sports are postponed from January 20 to March 17. P leasure A xcdrbion.—T heHuon will make antxeursion to the Victoria RegMta, H non on Boxing Day. UBipnToif R aces.—M embers o f the Brigutop Raciqg Clpb upstcd to etieud a meeting to lip hi d at the Crown Inn, to-morrow at 6 p.i . sharp 