The Awful New Destr active Engine', The United States Naval Dynamite Board have reported in favor of the airg(rn system. The deliberations of the Board have convinced Secre tory Whitney of the practicability of the sugges- tion, and that the new agency will play a pro minent part in future warfare. He has, however, recommended that the capacity of the air-gen should be doubled, so as to throw a projectile containing 4001 be. of nitro-geTatine instead of 200!b8., the minimum provided in the Act of Congress. With this object the ealibre of the gun has been increased two inches, from 10£ to 12£ inches, the length remaining the same. Ano ther important change is that the three air-guns to be carried by the new cruiser are all to be placed in alignment with the keel at the bow of the vessel, so that all bring will be dead fore and aft. This arrangement precludes the usual naval manoeuvring to the extent, that an enemy's ves sel is to be approached head on, and that the broadside of the attacking Bhip is never to be exposed. It is maintained that fore and aft firing will insure an accuracy of aim impossible in lateral firing, as the rolling of a ship often ren ders good aim difficult. The projectors claim that the reduced charge of nitro-gelatine is 20 times more destructive than the most powerful explosive the English and French have thus far dared to experiment with. The 200-pound gela tine shell equals about 2,0001b. of gun-cotton,., and hence it is impossible to compute the de struction that would be wrought by tbeexplosion of 4001b. of nitro-gelatine. It is contended that it would level an army to the ground and kill or demoralise every sailor in a fleet. It is under stood that the plans of the new cruiser Newark,, which iB to have a turtleback armour extending from stem to stern, after the manner of the Ja panese vessel Nani-wa-Kan, are to be so modi fied, at the suggestion of Lieut. Zolinski, that an air-gun can be placed in her bow similarly to the dynamite cruiser plan. It may also be added that Captain John Ericsson has offered to sell the Government his Destroyer, with her . submarine gun, for 112,000 dols., which is less than the coHt to construct, and that he also pro poses to bnild ten more Destroyers of a larger size at a cost of 200,000 dols. each. Mr. Deakin has requested the officials at Rome to supply him with full details of the Cavour Canal scheme, and its success as an irrigation! agency. Mr. Deakin intends to visit Italy, An attempt to raise a fund for the erection of a monument to the memory of Geueral Grant has proved abortive. The great strike by the longshore men and coalhandlers of Now York has reached vast di mensions, some 60,000 men being involved. It has prodnced a coal famine. The object of the strike was to secure increased wages, but it came to nothing, Tentkkvikld Races. — The following weights were declared by Mr. H. C. St. Vincent, the handicapper, on Saturday for the principal races to be. run for at Tenterfield on the 30th and 31st instant : — " Fairfield Handicap, 1£ mile. Ajax 9 0 Minorah ... ... ... ... S 12 Leinster ... ... S 10 Phoenix S 0 Vain Hope ... ... ... ... 7 10 Comet 7 8 Magic ... 7 8 Redwing ... ... 7 S Garnet ... 7 0 Marion ... ... 7 2 Butterfly ... ... 7 2 Elcho .. ... ... 7 0 Sir John 6 7 Foxglove ... ... 6 7 My Dream 6 5 Tenterfield J. G. Handicap, 1A mile; Ajax S 11 j Minorah ... ... S 10 f Leinster ... ... 8 5 ) Phoenix ... ... ... ... '7 12 J) Vain Hope ... ... 7 8 Comet 7 Q jV Magic ... 7 4 Redwing ... ... ... ... 7 4 Garnet ... ' 7 1 Marion 6 11 Butterfly 611 Sir Johu ... ... ... ... 6 4 Foxglove ... ... 6 4 My Dream 6 2 Mariner 6 0 A Publicax Heavily Fixed.— At the Central Police Court on Friday (before Mr. T. K. Abbott, - S.M.), James Williamson, tlie licensee of the Ex celsior Hotel, Glebe Point- road, was charged by Inspector M'Kay with keeping his licensed premises open for the sale of liquor on Sunday. The defen dant, who pleaded guilty, was mulcted in the penalty of £20, in default three mouths' imprison ment. Ouii Mineral Resources. — The following re turn shows the amount of minerals and their value won from the district in charge of the Warden at Glen Innes during the past year : — Tiu. — Vegetable Creek: 1894 tons 2c wt. 131b., at £57, £107,964 ; Glen Imies : 227 tons IScwt. 171b., at £57, £12,990 13s. Gold. — Glen Innes; 350 oz., at £3 15s., £1312 10s. Bismuth. — Glen Innes : S2 tons 12 cwt. 2qr. 151b., at £250, £20,657. Total value of minerals — £142,924 3s. New Industry. — We are always pleased to chronicle the advent of new industries in our midst, and judging from a sample i.f cheese left at our office by Mr. James Osborne, of Kingston, we have to congratulate ourselves on having as a resident amongst us a gentleman so well qualified as a prac tical dairy fanner to turn to a remunerative ac count the hitherto unused wealth in milk which even the natural grasses of the district afford us. Mr. Osborne has had a lifelong experience in dairy farming in the Bega aud Kiama districts, and is, therefore, no novice in the industry which he is initiating here. The sample of cheesa submitted to us is of most excellent quality, and of a kind which we have no doubt will soon become of gene ral demand in our market. We gather that Mr. Osborne can place his cheese at a price to defy outside competition, anil as he guarantees to main tain its quality, there can he no question but that his enterprise will meet with a successful reward. If there should be any variatiou in its quality in the future it will be in the direction of the production of a superior article, as increasing tillage of the land will every succeeding year produce a larger crop of feed for his herd, anil better grasses to as sist aud finally supersede the uatural pastures as time wears on. Of course, it is known that the older and better the sward the more abundant anil vieher milk is produced. We believe Mr. Osborne .contemplates exhibiting a pile of his cheese at the show, aud we would invite visitors to test its qual ity for themselves. Conditional Purchases Validating Bill. — j The Premier on Thursday laid before Parliament a bill to validate conditional purchases and leases iu j certain cases. The object of the bill is set forth | in the preamble, which reads : — " Whereas it has i been held that lands conditionally purchased under j the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1861, the Lands J Act Amendment Act of 1S75, and the Lands Act Further Amendment Act of 1SS0, which, by reason of non-compliance with the conditions, had become forfeited, together with the pre-emptive leases ! granted uiuler the said Acts or conditional leases granted under the Crown Lands Act of 1S84, were | open to subsequent conditional purchase and condi- j tional lease under the last mentioned Act, al- | though prior to the notification of forfeiture such ; lands were included within the boundaries of lease hold areas ; and whereas it has been decided by the Supreme Court that such lands cannot be again conditionally purchased under the Act of 1S84, in asmuch as the same ai-e exempt from conditional ' purchase under section 21 sub-section III. thereof ; | and whereas doubts have arisen as to the validity ; of conditional leases granted -in certain cases under i section 52 of the Act of 1SS4, and as to whether i applications for conditional leases under the 54th j section of the Act of 1SS4, made prior to the divi- ! sion of a run could be legally granted out of the I leasehold area'; and whereas it is expedient that conditional purchases aud conditional leases of lauds, the title to which might be affected by the said decision, or for other reasons herein mentioned, should be validated as hereinafter provided.'" Hotel Burnt Down. — Burghardy's Post Office Hotel, in South Grafton, was burnt between 3 and 4 o'clock on Thursday morning. The house was closed shortly after 9 o'clock previous night, most of the members of the family retiring to rest shortly after wards. Mrs, Burghardy was awakened at half- past 3 o'clock by a peculiar smell and a crackling sound, and got up to make search. On attempting to go upstairs she was stopped by the fire at the landing. There were no lodgers in the place, and nil the family slept down stairs. The roof fell in about one hoar, during which time most of the stock and furniture downstairs was got out, but j nothing was saved from upstairs. The building was of wood, and was insured in the Victoria In surance Company for £600, and the stock and furni ture in the Australian Mutual Fire Insurance Com pany for £300. The landlord was away from home at the time of the fire. A Destructive Fire at Armidalk. — The first' large fire that has ever occurred in Armidale took I place last night week, when five shops iu the centre ! -of the city were completely dsetroyed. The fire | first broke out early in the night at Dusantoy's j fruit shop, but was easily overcome and extin guished. Through carelessness in leaving some i smouldering embers, the fire again broke out iu the | middle of the night, and destroyed A. Dusantoy's shop, owned by R. Selioles ; W. Drew's shop, owned i y Drew ; T. C. Taylor's shop, owned by J. A. j 'Donald ; a vacant shop adjoining, owned by J. | Y A. Al 'Donald ; and another shop adjoining, owned ' I "y J. A. M 'Donald. The following were the in- ' stances : — A Dusantoy, £300 on the stock in the ; f Northern ; building not insured ; W. Drew, £450 : i, on the stock in the United Australian Mutual Com- I Pany, building not insured ; T. C. Taylor's stock i |- w;l.s . n.0k insured. The shop and two vacant shops j | adjoining, owned by J. A. M Donald, were insured i I- the Liverpool and London and Glob. T. C. | |.. laylor aud W. Drew both allowed the policies on i - ?)-'r st?ck and buildings to lapse a few weeks ago. : | I "s. King, on one side of the block, and Mrs. Clarke i I; oi the other side, had their stock of millinery and ; I d<Hpery, much damaged by water anil removal, i H Al .red J . Poole's shop, owned by Jame3 J. Moore, ! H Wa s very much damaged by being torn down to ' H P''w;:nt the spread of the fire. Many willing hands : p. hfj all possible to prevent the fire extending, and ; u;as only owing to their efforts that the fire was I g confined to the buildings destroyed. The want of jfe vter and the utter absence of anything like a fire || ')r'gade were very much felt. An inquest was ® fv; 011 Tuesday. The total damage is estimated jH f "twer-u £5000 and £6000. During the progress g. of the fire Mr. Woods fell off a roof and was seri- m. ? y hurt ; R. Richardson and J. Love also got Kg hurt by material falling on them while assisting to Kg;, send up water. The police worked hard, and did BR-. good service. EE , Serious Horse Disease. — The Colonial Secrc- Dj "as received the following telegram : — jgfe-'' " Qodburn, March 12, 1887. — Sir, — A most seri- B| y!15 disease has broken out among the horses here. Ej|| comes with a swelling breaking out into an pa .®®r' spreading very fast. No application used IS , 1 a"cst its progress. About fifteen valuable K|g _ oraeg within a radius of three miles are now suffer- wjl; , 'n his disease, and people are becoming very ip- . alarmed. Will you Kindly instruct veteri- gg|-aaiy surgeon to proceed here immediately." ' Noxious Animals. — Statement of number of scalps of noxious animals received in theGlcu Innes sheep district during the year 1SS6 : — Station Kangaroos Wallabies Rats Dogs. Newstead 18,561 3292 550 50 Carudhu 11,816 355 217 62 Byron 11,025 6552 274 65 Glen Iunes 9669 797 411 6S Bultkulla 8571 5202 301 38 Ben Lomond 4122 51 9 29 Wellingrovo 3920 586 354 14 Barron 2S07 IS 142 29 Ranger's Valley 23S7 546 253 . 32 Bvoadmcadows 2190 5S1 141 GlenEIgin 19 Total 75.06S 17,980 2511 547 1SS5 5S.9S4 14,900 906 18.84.- 05,992 15,290 697. 1S83 39,409 7414 501. Grand total 239,453 55,5S4 2511 2651 The Mann River Gold Reefs. — We were yes terday shown, by Mr. Joliti Taylor, jun., some splendid specimens of gold bearing stone, obtained from the Prospector's claim 011 the Little Dora reef. The owners (Messrs. Taylor Bros.) have been working the claim for four years, and have made a living from it by haiidcruohing. In the claim they have two reefs, or leaders, one 12 inches thick, the other 9, and only separated by a wall of stone three feet wide. The specimens shown to us, which are very rich, were obtained from the fnrme.r vein, at a depth of 70 feet. The 9-ineh vein car ries gold evenly distributed, and stone not show- any color, obtained from a level of GO feet, has been assayed, showing a very large yield. A few weeks ago, four other claims were taken up, anil No. 1 South (J. Rodgers) has struck good gold. A small rush has set in, and there are now about nine or- ten claims already taken up. T. Wilkinson has taken a claim 011 the line of the Emily reef, 011 the opposite side of the Cherry Tree Creek, which is a small tributary of the Maun River, and he states he has obtained prospects varying from 4 to 17 ounces per ton. Three of the leases adjoin his claim, which is worked from the face of the creek ; the others by shafts. We understand that Messrs. Dunn Bros., of Bingera, who are in town, have made arrangements to erect a 5-stamper battery, to be ready within three mouths, aud the site for this has been secured. The reefs are distant be tween fifty and sixty miles from Grafton, and are rather awkwardly situated for obtaining provi sions. At present these are got from Cunglelmng station, which is distant about eight or nine miles. The best road to the reef would be via, Copman- hurst, Cungi, and up the valley of the Mann, but when the rivers are up this route would be im practicable, and then the road via Cmigleluing, which can always be reached via Buccarumbi,. could be used, but it would lie the most mountainous road of the two. — Tuesday's Examiner. Rev. Mr. Lubeck's Lecture.—' The Clyde Times (America), of the 20th January says A good- sized audience greeted Rev. Henry Lubeck, of Grace Church, Lyons, last Friday evening at the Town Hall, the occasion being liis lecture on "Life and Society in Australia," under the auspices of the Ladies' Guild of St. John's (Episcopal) Church. Mr. Lubeck showed himself well qualified to speak upon his chosen subject, having been, until re cently, a resident of that far-away land. The lec ture was a terse and remarkably eloquent- presenta tion of Australia's claims to the consideration of the Nations of the world. He traced the history of the island continent from the earliest times down to the present, aud painted a radiant word- picture of the life, society and resources of the country. Mr. Lubeck, although yet a young man, is one of the most gifted orators to whom we have ever had the pleasure of listening, and the manner in which he handled his lecture 011 Friday night shows him to be a platform speaker of no small ability. A Ghost Story.— A correspondent from Coppa- liella writes : —Allow me to trespass on your valu able space to give ail account of a curious sight that has been seen in this locality. It made its first appearance on the 14th Fobruary, when it came to a house and made a dreadful noise in the dead hour of the night, when everything was quiet, and frightened all the occupants. It was not- heard of again until the night of the 21st of February, when the same dreadful noise was heard, and the inmates of the house gob up, when they saw walk ing around the room an object which they took to be the devil. Finding that talking to it was of-no use, they tried what result a little ammunition would do, and after firing three shots it disappeared and has not been seen since. The figure was be tween six and seven feet in height, with a head the shape of a pig, and when broadside on, it ap peared to be nearly three feet across the chest. Onr correspondent further adds that he lias never seen such a sight before, and if any person could des cribe the animal to him, he would be extremely obliged, as he is anxious to know what it is. — lass Courier. The Fatal Fire Near Armidale. — An inquest was held 011 the three children who were burnt to death at Summer Hill, Castle Doyle, near Armi dale. The. names were — Mand, 9 years ; Sai-ah Jane, 4 years ; and Rachael May, 2 years. They were daughters of Amos Smith, a selector. The father stated that he had often left the children alone, and was of opinion that there was no risk -in doing so. The verdict was that the children were burnt to death in a burning building. 