THE NOVELIST. THE GAVEROCKS. A TALE OP THE CORNISH COAST. [By the Author of "John Herring," " Mehalah," "Court Koyal," &c.; J CHAPTER VIL A BACE FOB LIFE. " Hold the sheet, Con," ordered Header Gaverock, "and throw yonrself to wind'ard as ballast. Whatever yon do, bat one tarn ronnd the cleet. Many a score of boats hav„ been lOBt by a doable turn. The wind rose to a burrioane, the wave8 piled themselves op, and their foaming crests broke against each other. The day was declining, bat the dense cloads made it dark before its time. All colour was gone oat of the sea. Now the little Mermaid proved how good a vessel she was ; she skimmed the waves like a seabird, she danced on their crests like the mermaid that she was. A grim smile lighted the face of old Gaverock. He was proud of hiB boat, and happy to be able to prove her powers. She was scantily provided with ballaBt for Bach a gale—only with Constan tine laden with the stone jars. "Have the bottleB with yon, lad. Take them over from side to side, said his father. " We mast keep on all sail we can." For some time he saw no more of the mysterious boat, but as he tacked he again obtained a glimpse of her; she also like the Mermaid was standing oat to sea. The little oatter leaned over with the force of the wind, the water rushed up before her bows, and at times swept her desk. For a moment the sunlight flared oat a parting ray from the west, and, as the Mer maid swung np a great billow, the three men saw, to port, the strange boat, as if made of red-hot metal, glowing, glaring, the sail a sheet of flame, the men on board as men of -fire. This was only for a moment. Then the black cloud descended on the sea, and night fell; but still for a while in the weBt a bloody streak marked the division between sea and sky. Bain began to fall heavily, driving before the wind drops that struck as hard as hail; it fell so thick that it cut off all sight of the land and of the horizon. The sea rose higher. The gale lashed at the sea, like a savage groom lasning a horse into a frenzy, of fear ana fury. The wind shrieked in the rigging, the water hisBed and gulped about the boat, the whole air waB fall of roar, in which, now and again, came the thunder and crash of a plunging billow distinct from the general noise. Already had they been swept by two or three seas, and were drenched to the skin. The water foamed over old Tregellas, who sat forward, and, pouring over the deoh, rushed out behind over the Squire. The other boat was near them—so near that they could have hailed one another had they been so minded. Another reef onght to have been taken in, but Gaverock did not like to confess himself beaten in a race—which was a race for life. Presently, however, when a furious blast sent them over so that the water wet half the sail, he was constrained to take in the second reef, and then, next time he caught sight of the phantom boat, he saw that those on board her had done the same. " Bum, Con! rnm ?" shouted Gaverock, and passed the tin onp to his son, who removed the cork from one of the jars, poured out with Bbaking hand, and passed a jorum to his father, then drank himself, and finally handed the can to Tregellas. The spirit was needed; the three men were numb with cold, and wet to the bone. When the rushing rain held up, the light on Trevose Head was visible: but Gaverock saw that it was now impossible for him to make Sandymouth that night. The wind was ou shore, and he must ran oat to sea, and keep well out till break of day. This could only bB done by constant tacking. He did not tell Constantine or David. There was no need for him to do so; both knew it as well as he. Unless he could work out to open sea, the wind would carry him ashore between the horns of Hartland and Trevose. If he could manage to run under Lundv, he could lie there all night, ready for return next day. Fortunately the gale was not from the north west, nor was it due weBt, but with a point or two to the south-west. The phosphorescent light on the black billows seemed to the Squire to break into lambent flame about the mysterious boat that shot by out of darkness and into darkness again at intervals. By thiB light he thought he could distinguish the men on board, with their sou'-westers on their heads; bat as they were all to windward, and the boat keeled over steeply, he could see no faces. Their backs were towards him, but he fancied that he saw the man at the helm with a stake pro truding from his hack. That may have been fancy only. In the uncertain light, with the irregular motion of the boats, with glimpses caught casually between boiling seas, in the excited, strained condition of hiB mind, Gave rock was liable to be deceived. Not for a moment did the old man's heart fail him. His spirits rose to the oocaBion. He had expressed a wish to race Feather stone's cutter. Featheratone had taken him 1 at his word—the phantom ship was there, come at his challenge, at one moment fiery, as if the dead man and his boat had sprung to the challenge from the flames of Tartarus, black for the most part, as though drawn from the blackest abyss of hell. Presently he saw a mighty wall of water, as of ink, rolling on, with the. blear light of i the squally western sky behind it, showing its Tagged, toBsing, threatening crown,1 sharply cut against the light. Gaverock pre pared to meet it, with firm grasp of the helm and set teeth. For a moment it seemed as though the Mermaid were about to cleave it —only for a moment, and then she Bwnng up, all her planks straining, as making a despe rate effort; then a rash of whirling foam swept the deck and Btreamed ont of the lee scuppers, as the boat lay over almost on her side. For a moment she staggered, as thongh hesitating what to do next, righted herself, and then went headlong down into the sea trough, as thongh diving like a cormorant after a fish; and the walls of black water stood abont her, enclosing her as the waves of the Bed Sea above the chariots of Pharaoh. Whilst this happened Gaverock fancied he heard a cry from tne phantom boat, whfoh he could not see, hidden behind the liquid mounds. Was it a cry of mookery ? or was it a threat! He waited till the Mermaid had mounted a roller, and then he replied with & roar of defiance. It was no longer possible to carry so much sail, and he reefed again—but with re luctance. Thefnryof the storm seemed to grow. He dared not reef farther, lest he ebould lose all command over the boat. The spray cnt and cross cut the old Squire's face, as thongh he were being lashed with a horsewhip. The water poured off his shaggy eyebrows, blinding him. He dared not let go bis hold of the tiller even with one hand to wipe his face, and he bent his head, and emeared the brine end rain away on his sleeve, Tlx- rnm was called for, and passed fre quenly. CoDslantine suffered more than his father. His hands were numb and shook with cold. He was less accustomed to ex posure than Bender Gaverock and David Tregellas. For a twelvemonth, at least, he had cot been to sea. He was angry and bitter at heart with his father (for exposing him to d iscomfort and danger. He firmly re solve; never to go out with the old man again It would be better for him to keep away altogether from home, where he was tripped up} mocked, thrust into peril of his life l i the inconsiderate. Belf-willed oldman. Now i e was afraid of losing the jars of spiri'.— afraid of a wave washing them away. Therefore he took off ids kerohief and tied the handles together with it. They were already bound together with a piece of cord; that cord he passed behind his back, and the kerchief by this means crossed hiB breast, holding a jar in place under each arm. Thus, when he passed from port to staiboud be carried them with him without inconvenience. That was his first idea in thus attaching them about him, but his second was that they might form a protec tion for himself in tho event of his being washed overboard or of the vessel foun dering. Featherstone'e boat—or that which Gave rock took for it—had been unBeen for some while, All at once it shot by. Then the eld Squire thought he could distinguish the faces of the men on board, lit by the upward jflare of the phosphorescent foam. They were white aB the faceB of the dead. Not a word was spoken as they went by, though the wind lulled for a minute. The lull was but for a minute. Alittle way ahead through the darkneBB loomed on them a mountain of water, with a curling, hoary, spluttering fringe on its head. Gave rock Bteered direct at the billow, and the sail was eased as mnch as possible to help the little Mermaid over the watery heap. The wave oame on as if on wheels, rushed down on them, shivering into speekB of foam in ail parts, on itB side, as sparks blink out here and there in tinder; with a roar and a blow, it engulfed the vessel and her orew. For a moment the Mermaid lay on [her lee side, as about to keel over, then gathered herself together and righted once more. Gaverook heard a cry from the water. Tregellas was overboard. " God be with yon, David," called the old Squire, and Baid no more. Help was not to be thought of. Then he imagined that he heard a loud, derisive langh oome to him over the water. He could not see Featherstone's boat, but the Bound came—or he fanoied it came—from the quarter where she must be. Const&ntine; was now alone in the vessel with his father. They had to manage her between them. The old man oould not leave the tiller. He held it with iron hand, thongh numbed with the cold, and with the fingers stiff, without feeling, and contracted. Soon after, again, he oaught a glimpse, but only a glimpse, of the phantom boat. The clouds had parted momentarily before the orescent moon, and a ray had touohed this my stei ious vessel. For an instant, an instant only, >t shone out against the night and storm, ghost-like, as if cut oat of white paper and stuck againBt the Boot-black back ground. Gaverock's pulses smote his ribs like hammers. He was very angry. Fea thers tone, the Rover, had revisited the world and the scene of his exploits, to have his revenge on the race that had compassed his murder. He was following the Mer maid, to watch and traok to death the man and the son of the man who had spiked him. Gaverook looked about for, and with his hand groped after Constantino's gun. A foolish deBire for sevenge came over him. He would have liked, next time the strange boat appeared, to discharge the gun at the helms man. But he abandoned the idea almost as soon as it was formed. He dare not desert the tiller, and the gun was doubtlesB ren dered nselesB by the water. As the night wore on, Gaverock lost all senBe of time. Hoar after hour had passed, but the night became no darker; the storm, if it did not abate, grew no worse. Some times the clouds aloft were torn apart, and the Squire could look up at the stars and see tattered fragments of vapaur being whirled acroBs the gap, which then closed again. At times driving Btorms of rain came on, and when rain did not fall the air was full of spondrift, Gaverock guessed pretty well where he was, and he altered somewhat the course of his boat. He was now, according to his reckoning, driving towards the Channel. He could Bee Lundy light at intervals, far away to leeward, but he had lost sight of that on Trevose Head. Gaverock's heart did not fail him, but he was less confident than he had been of reaoh jng home alive. He took the peril without much concern; it was what must be expeoted by those who went out boating in dirty weather. If he were drowned, well—it could not be helped. All must die. Bnt he was vexed that he had not been able to keep his word, and run home to Towan in spite of the gale. Strange to say, the feeling that pre vailed in him, and nerved him to battle with the tempeat, was rage against Featherstone. He had dared Featherstone to race him, and Featherstone he saw wonld beat him, and be able to exult over the wreck of the Mermaid. Not a thought did he give to Towan, to his wife, to Gerans: his one absorbing conside ration was—how to disappoint Featherstone, his one consuming ambition was—to come off with life and with an nnwrecked boat, not for his own sake, bat to defeat and disappoint Featherstone. Between three and four in the morning, as the dawn was beginning to lighten, Gaverock saw again a monntain of foam before him, so white, so broken that he feared he was fallen among breakers; next moment he recognised his miBtake. No rocks were there, no sand bank. What he saw was a monntain of seething foam, the clash and chnrn of angry waves that had beaten against eaoh other in a cross sea, and had resolved themselves into a heap of milky brine, that worked and hissed throughout its substance and over its face. The Mermaid went in, and for a moment cr two Gaverook and bis son were holding their breath, submerged in sea water. When the Mermaid came oat, she lay keel uppermost, and the old man and Constantino were clinging to her tackling end floating in the sea. Gaverock was pre pared for this. He had not lost his presence of mind. He hacked through the shrouds on the side, so as to allow the mast to float, in stead of working underneath her. Then, using great exertion, he scrambled npon the keel, and Constantino did the same. There they sat, in cold and wet, gripping the bottom of the boat with hands and knees, covered every few minutes with the waveB. Constantino found that his powers were tailing. He could hold on bnt very little longer. There was only jnBt sufficient light for them to know that the night was changing to day. Constantino pulled the corks out of the jars one after the other, and poured forth their contents, tfaeu he corked them tightly again. Would it not be well for him to pan one of the jars to his father? To do that he most unknot both his kerchief and the cord, and his hands were too numb for this. Besides, it was doubtful whether a single jar would suffice to float a man. He looked at his father. The old man had strength and endurance in him yet, and Constantino had neither. Besides, the father had ran him into this great peril, not he the father. In common justice, therefore, the risk should fall heaviest on the old man. " Father!" he called, " I can hold on no longer." . "Then let go, in Cod's name. Ill give your respects to mother." At that moment a great roller swept over both. As the boat came out, Gaverock saw the strange vessel, with the dark figures in it, shoot by. Then he looked along the keel— Constantino was gone. The old man's heart beat, not with sorrow for his son, not with fear for himself, bat with anger that Featheratone should have witnessed, and be exulting over, the Iosb of his servant and his son. "1 will not drown. Golly! I'll spoil his sport yet," shouted Gaverock; and he took the great knife wherewith he had cut through the cordage, and with it he worked holes between the wood and the lead of the keel, into which he could fit his fingers, dead and frozen through they were, but still with the cling in them, set as claws. Gaverock could no longer sit up; he lay his length on the keel, with his red face on one side, and the crimson kerchief dripping, hanging loose round his neck—it had been washed off his head—dragging behind him. The day was lightning. Gulls laughed and fluttered over the wreck, then plunged and shook their wingB about the clinging man, regardless of him, knowing his inability to injure them. The wind was certainly abating hut the waves still tumbled, and bounded, and shook themselves into froth, and filled his ears with a sound as of a roar out of infinite space, a roar that would never end, a roar inarticnlate and all- pervading. And a sense came over Mm of cold and weariness—of cold that no heat would ever thaw, but which was so cold as to chill and put out all fire—of weariness that would never grow less, and that no rest would ever refresh, but which also would continue the same, never becoming more acute, a dead weariness, with a threat of eternity penetrating through it. But with all, in spite of cold and weariness and noise, his will never failed —that remained un flagging, nervous, iron. Overhead, pink flashes appeared among the clouds, like the flowers of tamarisks scattered about the sky. Bis eyes saw neither the colour nor the light. He had no power to observe anything, he had no thought for anything, no wish but one. "Featherstone! Featherstone! I'm not done yet, and I won't give way," Then indistinctly, out of another world, he heard voices, then he became conscious of something not cold and watery touching him. Gradually he came out of his far-off realm of cold and weariness and numbness to the meeting-place of a world of warmth and action and life. He heard human voices, he felt himself caught by hands. But he clung the more fiercely, tenaciously, to the keel. For a moment nis Benses went, then came again, brought back by the force of his dominant will. The Mermaid was washed ashore in Bade Haven, and he was in the arms of living men. He looked round, and saw sand-hills. He tried to - cry out triumphantly, " Feather stone ! not beaten!" but his voice and his consciousness failed him. 