Our Paris Letter. „ ? . December -I. \m-.^ YYimUurmg Jow wns fated to over movo on. l'lio colonial adventures of Franco promiso always to keep her in a state of fovorish rest lessness. Tonquin, Madagascar, Senegal, &c;, como up like jacks-in-tho-box or Banquo's ghosts. Tho more tho authorities assort all is serene, the moro events contradict official as surances. Thoro can bo no mistake that tho real opinion ot -Trauco is dead against that colonisation which involves tho expenditure of lives und the squanderings of millions, with no prospect of any profit — save for enterprising foreigners. If Tonquin could only shown profit of 5 francs ! Tonquin is now tho key to French prostigo in tho far east. Upper Burmah will bo calm 'and Europeaniscd beforo tho .boundaries between China and Tonquin aro fixed. Half tho elifficulties that Franco experi ences would bo removed could she mako up her mind to conquer or evacuate. As for 'pacific protectorates,' such ore . chimerical. When Jules Ferry demanded his millions from the Chamber to complete the conquest of his mind's oyo Iudo-Chineso Empire, ho had always a flash telegram in his despatch box, auuounu ing victory on victory. Once tho littlo game failed, and he was lacked into oblivion. M. do Frcycinet only reiterated a fow days ugc-, in support of tho demand of 30,000,000 francs for Tonquin, that all went well, when lo ! tho ?next day a telegram urrived that a massacre of the frontier delineator and his escort had taken place. Tho Black Flags and thoir doings will rend tho moBt permanent institution in Tonquin, till a solid expedition bo sent out to ' pnrgo ' tho protectorate. Orders aro no use unless stiffened by material force. Madagascar, that Tonquin No. 2, is another blister. At m any moment tho situation may become so complicated as to leave Franco no alternatiTO but to eeniip an expedition. At Senegal the French aro in face of native enemies as troublesome asDacoits. They apply the same purge as tho English, shoot elown tho no Nurronders, plus Rotting their villages ia flumps. Thero is no difference in tho panacea with western nations when on tho warpath. Fasting men aro beebming a drug in tho show world. A theatre has already utilised tho crazo in a very witty extravaganza. Mor Intti uppears to bo the'sturveling most sympa thised with. Many think that, as ho has reached his 37th day on filtered water, ho will bo able to put iu his full timo — 50 days. He docs not look -weary to tho extent ono might conclude, and has no braggadocio about his por foiniiiuco. Above all, ho has no bottle trick to favour, so no patent medicina to advertise. Succi is not regarded as serious, nor will his elixir bo accepted as invaluable — the bottle, when taken, to be v.wil shaken— till ho operates on a few hundreds of starving or half-fed families iu the slums of Paris. If they attest a few drops of the compound are us comfortable and fortifying us on ordinary square meal, Succi will bo recognised as the medical ihuu of the period, and a statue at once erected to him, but if ileluycd all tho bronze iu tho country or the suitable sites for a pcelestal may bo appro priated. Sncci's show-room is but a show room, ono-half of the '-walk-up' receipts being handed over to charity. Tho Abbo Rossel, too, is accused of a gross misdemeanour in allowing 50 por cent, com mission to tho collectors of subscriptions for his orphanage A Roman emperor offored a high reward to whoever discovered a now pleusuro. To-day all tho glory and profit ure for whoover will invent a now crazo. Franco is on tho losing sido of Bulgaria, and history will judge her very severely for siding with the Czar in his attempts— happily- frus trated — to oppress that country in its struggles to bo free and independent. It pains the friends of liberty to witness such an incon gruity, and on the part of 11 republic into tho uaiguin. i-ernaps sue lias mistulcon tlio itus siuu eagle for tho other bird of freedom across the Atlantic. M. Spullcr, who is now eluing the States as commercial traveller for the re public, should be inturviuwed to explain how ho can reconcile such a rule for his country, with her historical past. Tho bunk rate of interest has not falluu, but that of tho Mont-de-Pieto, or Stato pawning shops, has come down from (U to 7 per cent. Thu Gobsecks will not Iiko this. To invest in that establishment wus never a bad affair, especially iu bad times. Tho Theatre Fnmwiis thei'o hoards its troupe annuities, and the shares eif Poverty's. Bunk aro ever at it premium. When pawn offices wero first established in Franco they were only patronised by tho rich. It was a drastic reform, that extended cash against goods receivable to tho poor. About 2,000 is the average number of pledges daily rccoived in tho various pawn uflices of Paris.'includiug every specimen of lmrd-upism. In their fast days tho Dukes D'Auiniilo and Moutponsier were well-known customers with ' my uncle,' or imi Imite, as Unit friend in need is called in France. Their sister's watch— the first Queen of tho Belgians — was always borrowed by thorn, and was as well known in tho oiliccs us tho statue of Henri IV. on bho Pont Neuf. Oneo the Prince of Wales— later George IV. — iu his ' AdoniB of fifty ' days, gave his chronometer to raise the wind at a card party. It wus with eliiliculty tho lender could bo prevailed upon to forego his intention of adding to the three balls, 'Pawnbroker to tho Prince of Wales.' Iu tho now regulations pledges of 3 to B francs, not left 'up the spout' longer limn two inontlm, will be subjected only to tho iinifoim charge of 1 per cont. Tho wealthy nnibt not kick ugniiust this bit of humanity. No pledge will bo received unless tho applicant for tho benefit of the Relief Act can establish his own identity. It is the safest i-luco to keep valuables, hence the reason why many persons maintain business relations with ' my mint.' Iho Egyptian question still worries patriots. Thoy aro impatient at England not fixing a day for her dopnrtuvo, bug and baggage, from the Nile, and to allow chaos to como ugum, and France this timo to steam into Alexandria, instead of away from it. Tho implanting of new hubits and institutions among a people, is slow -work. Sinco 1789, for example, Franco herself has beon trying to accord tho right of public mooting to her citizens, and to tliis day an open-air demon stration will not bo tolerated. As for a Hyde Park or a Trafalgar Squuro reunion, why, tho ' official mind could not comprehend that exercise of freedom. Paris is still petitioning through her Municipal Council, to bo allowecl to have a Lord Mayor, and to govern the city as is tho case iu London. Tlio Government maintains a ncn pmumim worthy of Pio Nino. And .yet Europe is said to envy the administrative system of France. : ' No ono hero really believes England will quit Egypt till it pleascB herself. Stioking pins in her may lead to a retaliation of suoh diplo macy. ? AIbo, when tho psychological moment ? arrives, if it ever eloos, nor conditions for returning will bo found not vory elifforont from her direot o_ooupation. Sho will, it is oxpooted, keep a Civita Vecohia warship boforo Alex andria, and troops from Cyprus could bo debarked quioker uian any, say from' Algoriai or-TouloH. John Bull is suspected of not only' keeping a oIoeo oyo on tho koy of Suez, but aleo on tho lock. Tho Italiuns mako iio sbdrot. that i tho wholo sea-board of North Afrioa' should not Vein tlio ?pos's-kstgit Qf/'iuiy one European power. For the benofit of cosmopo litan trade, tho policy of tho troin Irotifom would not bo bad — Algoria and Tunisia to Franoo ; Tripolitana to Italy ; and Egypt to tho Egyptians ; and tho English, like Tunisia, to tho Tunisians, and tho French. Tlio papors cont'nuo to bo fovoro on tho polioo for not arresting sovoral outstanding aBfassins. To keep thoir hand in, porhap*, tho polioo arrest ono nnolhor. Thirteen men having just donned thoir uniforms, an inspuotor arrived, ordered them to undress, till ho saw if thoy lacked a button on thoir gaitors. Tho ' men rofuscd to oboy what thoy belioved to bo a caprico or an inutility, to say nothing of its being unusual. Thoy woro ordorod to ho looked up. At Villenouve, a landlord was owed the sum of 13 francs by 11 tenant. Tho luttor did not reply. 'Ho imagines he is iii Ireland,' ob served tho landlord, and sold out his stioks, valued at 1,200 francs for 274 francs. Tho tenant had an old pistol on him, draw it forth, and attempted to commit suicide, according to fomo ; to shoot tho creditor, boliovod othors; and to pop at us, concluded tho polico, and they murohod him boforo tho magistrate, who sent tho unfortunate to prison for two months. Muzas is tho chief prison in Paris for men, us St. Lnzare is for women, and at tho latter it was contemplated to lodge Lady Colin Camp bell. A prisoner, ono Altmayor, bolonging to a good family, during his preliminary examina tion, managed to appropriate during tho judgo's ??hsenco an official shcot of paper with his stamp, mid thereon forgeil an order directing the governor of Manas to liberate tlio accusofl. On returning with his guard, Altmayer pre sented the letter, und was sot nt liberty. Tho anniversary of Buudin's doath was ob served this year with a certain degree o£ political importance. Delegates from tho Chambers attended at tho Montmartro coro mony to mark their sympathy for the popular representative, who did not hositato to mount a barricudo in faco of certain death, and show how a man can die in dofonco of tho law. Hundreds of riflo bulls riddled him. Thoy wero not so much tho soldiers as tho creatures of Napoleon, ex ecuting his coup d'etut of 2nd Docombor. To day tho republic is a triumph, and tho Napoleon dynasty as defunct as tho shophord kings. It is good to honour tho memory of such patriots. Jin passant Baudin's remains were secretly interred by tho Bonupartists ; 11 guardian of Montmurtro comotory revoaled years later thoir whereabouts; a pilgrimage set in, tho better in addition to vox tho Emperor. Delescluzo opened a subscription in his paper to raiso a monument to Buudin ; tho journal wasindicted. A young lawyer, ' devil' to Cremioux, the Jewish barrister, and tho first Israelite nominated 11 legislator in France, appeared for Dolcscluze; he made such a wonderful speech on behalf of liberty, us to convert tho Napoleonic judge. Tho orator was Gambctta, and he became a hero from thut hour. Thero is a streot in. Paris culled 'Rue Buudin,' off tho Rue Lafayette ; but, strungo to say, it is not in honour of tho 'inurtyr,' but of an admiral. That is a kind of Box uud Cox glory. Tlie polico arrested a fow days since, on a seat iu tho Tuileries Gardens, a young couple in their teens. It wus 3 o'clock in tho morn ing. Invited to explain, they stated that thoir families having refused them permission to marry, thoy hud decided to drown thomsolves, but on approaching tho Seine, it looked so dark and cold that they lacked courage, and crept into tho garden to reflect. They wore con ducteil home. 'Within a fow yards of the spot, suspended from a tree, was a gentleman, quite dead, who hud hanged himself owing to his purso being empty, and not knowing how to fill it. In his pocket-book was a roply, de clining his offer to act ns a 'medium.' Within eight days four women havo been couelcinned to be guillotined. M. Grcvy will bo overworked in the clemency business. Tho last has been tried at Limoges, for tho murdor of a littlo boy aged fivo years, that the accused, n*rex-robute aged 58, had stolen from his parents — poor minors — to sell for dobauchory. To conceal tho outrage she killed the hid, Iiko a theoj}, with a pair of scissors, and threw the body into a pond, whero it was discovered. Upwards of 400 women stationed ihomselrea outside tho oourt-house, with thoir aprons filled with stones to lapidato tho wretch. It is almost a pity their lynch- iutentions woro frustrated. Tho Palais-Royal has brought out a four-act comedy, rather than farco, by M. Moilhuc — this timo solo author. It is very short, and thu plot is commonplace, uud based on a mis-laid letter. ' Gutto ' — tho name of tho piece — is a. sorvunt in the fumily of a gentleman, who has married a second wife, young and of course beautiful. Sho has many udorors, while Gatto has fallen in lovo with her muster. Tho wife is jealous. Tho husband consults his notary, who gives him worldly advice, uud at tho saiiio timo writes to his wife, announcing shohiM come into a fortune. This letter, by error, in addressed to Gutto, who asks hor mistress to read it for her. Thereupon all changes. Tho husband and wife conspiro how to retain Gatto ; tho former advocates a elirorce, and his marrying Gatte. ? Tho wife rejects tho solution. In tho meantime G'vtto leaves, but wishes to make presents to her master and mistress ; the muster advancos her monoy on account, the purchases aro delivered, und with them another letter from the notary, explain ing tho error in tho address of tho letter. Tho fortune is bequeathed, not to Gatte, but her mistress. The play is amusing, dospito its complications. Meillme has written bettor bagatelles. The new polico rules, to bo observed by the licensed clubs during play, will rodirjo tho temptations for gambling till means nro found to drive a coach and six through thorn. A bride wns married lately who hud no aims. By tho French law .she is bound to tuko an oath, uud this is done by raising tho hand. Tho mayor gallantly begged tho ludy to bo seated, uud to raise her foot, which wus dono. 