The only interesting local topic I .can write about is the very propitious and seasonable weather we are experiencing, and it certainly deserves recording, for we , cannot be too thankful for. it. It is many years since we saw anything like ill; rain every week, and often every day; .no cold biting wind like at this time last yeaiyand no frost. Only to day a farmer informed me that lie was digging fair-sized new potatoes. This and the appear ance of the crops and feed show what the soil will do with a sufficient quantity of moisture at the proper, time, What with" some thoutands of tons of pipes for the Beetaloo waterworks being transhipped here every week en route for Bute, and firewood for Adelaide, beBidefe pressed and chaffed hay, there is a good deal' 6f work'eonijtantly' going on at this station ; but the tovrnehip is veiy quiet, though there is still a steady trade doing. In Church matters there is very little fresh. The Anglicans keep on steadily, most of the services being held by the lay reader. The Salvation Army still- carry on their work in the Institute Hall, holding forth on Sunday afternoons and evenings. The Congregation alists have been- supplied from Adelaide for some months, but have now called a pastor, and should he accept" the call your correspon dent may be able to record something fresh in a few weeks. ' - Many thanks that he will not hear have to-day been uttered to the Hon. J. H. Angas, M.L.C., for his unostentatious generosity in presenting copies' of tlia New Testament to all State school children who. will. accept them ; not for.the value of the present alone, but for possessing'"'the autographs of Her Majesty and Mr. Angas. As a record of the jubilee year the children treasure them very highly. Besides this, there is no doubt that in many*2a home where a copy of the Scriptures was not to be found before there will be one hereafter. ——r* —• BUTTON TOWN, July 9. On Tuesday - evening there was a good attendance at the monthly meeting of the local Band of Hope, when a more than usually varied and interes'ing programme was pre sented, including recitations by Mr. W. Bice, Master G-. Crouch,'and Miss E. Miller ; a song, " Take back the heart," by Mrs. "Wilder j .duet, "The little water cress girls," by Misses Treloar and Walder; songs by the school children j dialogues, Jby Levi Bice and Chas. Walder, and George' and Alice Walder, and an instrumental piece by Miss Treloar, who also 'played the various accompaniments. Not the least effective partxjjf'the programme were three tableaux—" A school scene," "The ghost," and " The gipsy camp," which were much appreciated, especially the latter two, which were re-demanded. I noticed in your last issue another reference to the disgraceful 'elate of the Truro and Eapunda-road, and as we have occasion to use a portion of that road, we can heartily agree with your remarks. We also have much cause to complain at the way in which the Truro and Eudunda road is neglected by the Central BoadjBoard, for although we have repeatedly drawn attention to it our wants are altogether ignored by those whose duty it is to equitably, distribute the funds at their disposal for road purposes. I am in clined to think that these outlying portions of the Boad Board districts will look in vain for justice until the, present system is abolished, and the money voted: for the maintenance of roads fairly distributed amongst the various . District Councils.- At anyrate our experience of the Central Boarfl is 'such as to justify such a course. Not a day passes but what we have more or less rain, 'and , cqoseqjiently the . .prospects of the f ututeare juwnung..'jaf brighter appear wnen^we~cbntVatft^tljel: present with tw3l% *6iDt». Then the "ground was bare of feed and 6tock were dying daily from starvation.-)..Now the paddocks have a refreshing yerdant -covering, and all kinds of stock are really looking well; in fact, as a sheep farmer remarked to me the other day, the sheep have now as good a fleece, if not better than they had at shearing time, or two months later, last year. . A good number of forest trees have been planted this season at tbe Congregational and Lutheran Churches, and also at the Public School, where the children have manifested much interest in the work. I am glad to say that the roll is steadily increasing at the Public School, and notwith standing the frequent wet weather and the distance at which many of the children reside from the school the average attendance is very good and must be Tery encouraging to the teacher Miss Treloar. Although the school is nominally under the Kapunda Board of Advice, it is some years since.any members of the Board have visited the school. COTJNTRT INTELLIGENCE. [From our own Correspondents.] HAMLEY BRIDGE, July 9. 