CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOP OF WILCANNIA. (PROM THK SOUTHERN AEGUS) Few of the ceremonies of the Roman Catholic, Church have attracted BO much attention in Goulburn as the consecration of the estimable and deservedly popular Dr. Dunne of Albury, as the first Bishop of Wilcannia. His energy, piety, and devotion to the service of Christ—all ]iiave contributed to mark him out as a fitting iodividual to be raised to the responsible position of the episcopate. PRESENTATION OF THB 0B08S. The ceremonies may be said to have commenced with the presentation of a beautiful pectoral (Celtic) cross, by his fellow-priests of the Goulburn dioce?e, to the Bishop-elect, on Saturday. The cross is of solid gold, weighing upwards of 3£oz. ( roy), is richly chased, aod the ornamentation is of a very delicate and 'exquisite chatacter. The obverse side has for its central subject the Paschal Lamb, surrounded by the shamrock, in various positions and groupings ; the reverse is a very happy melange, or mixture ot the passion-flower, the rose, thistle, and lily, all of them flowers conveying a symbolical meaning. By touching a spring the cross opens, and becomes a beautiful reliquary, in which are mmy relics of the saints—St. Jerome, St Francis Xavier of India, St. Patrick, St. John, St Ignatius Liyola, St. Paul, and St. Peter, surrounding the central prize—a small splinter of the true cross. Altogether the gift is a most handsome one, beautiful in conception an t exquisite in execution. In cost it reached upwards of £40. A splendid gold chain was attached to it, the gift of the Albury church, along with £300; and to the Bishop-elect was also presented a massive crozier from the Very Rev. P. Dunne, Vicar-General of the Wagga Wagga district. The three articles are from the well-known jewellery establishment of Messrs. E. J. Hollingdale and Son, of Sydney. About 1 o'clock, at the Bishop's Palace, in the presence of upwards of a doz-n of the clergy and some members of the press, the presentation was made, the Very Rev. J. Gallagher, president of St. Patrick's College, discharging the office. In doing so, the Rev. Father said it was unnecessaty for their dear friend, Dr. Dunne, to have any words said. For 13 years he had been with theib, and had always proved himself « brother-priest, kind and sympathetic, an example to those in the ministry, and zealously devoting himself, body and soul, to the service of their Great Master. Though they telt the loss of Dr. Dunne deeply, not for a moment would they grudge him to the service of God in that higher field of labor to -which he had been summoned. He felt convinced he was expressing the thoughts of his fellow-priests in saying that the gift was a true heart- offering, and that they wished him many years of health for the great work of his diocese. (Applause.) The address, which the Rev. Father read on handing the cross to the Bishop-elect, with the expressed wish that he might wear it " ad multoi annot" (for many years), was as follows:— "To the Bight Ber. J. Donne, D.D., First Bishop ot Wilcannia. " Most Bev. Lord.—My brother pritstB of the diocese of Goulburn bare given ine the honor of asking you— their late colleague—to accept from them this small token of their esteem. They fee] prond of the distinction conferred upon them by the choice of one of their number for the high dignity of the episcopate. That grave difficulties hare to be overcome, that your whole future life must be of Incessant labor, and vigilance and thought, only enhances the value of the great trust committed to your care. Had yon nothing to rely upon but your own strength, you might well feel appalled; but you enter upon the performance of your oneroua duties strengthened by the consciousness that you have been called to your high and holy office not by man's voice, nor by your own seeking, but by the Providence of God. Not unprepared tor trials, you are resolved to meet them bravely. Not ignorant or your responsibilities, you are determined to discharge them without fear, tavor, and affection, for the greater glory of your Divine Master, for the salvation of the eouls of the people. You carry with you the affectionate esteem and beat wishes of the priests of this dlocesc who. though proud or your elevation, yet feel that by your departure they are loBing one who has ever been to them their priestly model, their kindly adviser and their faithful friend. Though well awareof the serious gap which your leaving will canse in their ranks yet they are not so selfish as to grudge you to your new field of honor ; for they reel confident that they shall enjoy the consolation ot seeing fully developed in this higher sphere that earnest and enlightened zeaL (hat talent ot organisation, that loftloess of conception In planning noble works and perseverance In carrylnir them through, which have made the last two scenes of your ministry models of piety and discipline, and furnished them with all the material appliances in solidity and eleggioe necessary for the requirements of our "^romlstag and asking for an interchange of benefits in the Holy ttaerltloe, in prayer and in good work* we are. Most Bcv. Lord, on behalf of the priests of the Diocese of Goulburn, "JOMR GALLAGHER. T O'CONNELL. " M. fiLATTEKr. E. J. KALIiON." _ Dr. Dunne said he was somewhat taken at a disadvantage, as he had not prepared a formal reply to their beautiful address and magnificent presentation. He had got addresses and presentations from his flock and the children under his care, and no doubt afterwards in the course of his lifetime addresses would be presented to him from time to time, but he assured them that their address and presentation would ever be the most dear. He had lived with them as one of them, in social intercourse ; he had been also associated—and he thanked God for the privilege—of participating in their labours; he knew their eelf-devotednesB and their self-sacrifice ; and his humble prayer would be that in his own dsocese he might find priests with the same ecclesiastical spirit, with the same self-devotion to duty. They Baid, and said rightly, that he had never sought responsibility; but when this office, this dignity, was offered to him, when he was presented to it by the bishops of the colony, he thought, notwithstanding his own sense of unworthioess and a B C o a tbe consideration of the difficulties of the new field of laHor, that he would be untrue to himself, that he would be untrue to the Holy Church, if he did not say in the presence of God, " I am willing." He thanked them, then, for the magnificent present. It would be worn over many a mile through the western country, and would serve to remind him of them, and it would be a consolation to him to know that he was remembered in a kindly spirit, that he had a place in their prayers, and that he bore wherever be went their good wishes. It was a heavy cross ; it might perhaps be significant of the crosses that he might meet with in the diocese of Wilcannia in forming a new diocese—[" May they be all golden ones, interjected Father Fallon]—in trying to do the he*t he could in bio humble way, as was so beautifully expressed in the adlress, of doing all things for the honor and glory of G>d and the salvation of souls. To forget -elf, aud to merge all things in the one thing —the promotion of religion and education in the new and rising diocese of Wilcannia. He would watch all their exertions in the good ciuse with interest, with sympathy, and, so far as he could, would co-operate still in their exertions. He humbly hoped that he would meet in the diocese of Wilcannia with such sincere friend*, with such sincere fellow-workers, for although placed in authority he would look upon the priests as his brothers, to be treated ever with true fraternal tenderness. He thanked them from the bottom of his heart tor their kind address and presentation. (Applause ) THE OONSECEATION CBREMONT Oa Sunday morning, long before the hour advertised for the commencement of the sacred ceremony, crowds began to gather in front of St. Peter and St. Paul's Cathedral. Visitors, both clerical and laical, were present from all parts of the diocese; and distant Albury, where Dr. Dunne had been Btationed so long, sent a good contingent of representatives to do honour to one who was, in every respect, so well worthy of it. The internal arrangements as regards sitting accommodation, were simply perfect, and the church committee deserve very high praise for the efficient manner in which they discharged theit duties. No one was forgotten, and the press, thanks to Father Fallon, were comfortably located in a position where they could both Bee and hear to advantage.' By 10 o'clock the scene inside the Cathedral was a very imposing one. Tbe long length ot the building was filled from end to end. Through " the Btoried windows richly dight' of rare stained glass, came the faint struggling sun-gleams, throwing a dim religious light the high altar of pure Carrara marble, deorated with choice flowers, and ablaze with costly candlesticks and chalices; over the side-altars and the Cardinal's throne, glistening with ornaments ;. over the various paint- ings on the wall, representing scenes in the lives of the saints, and finally over the fashionable congregation assembled to worship. \- At last the organ begins to mutter, and then bursts but into the splendid harmony of the "Processional March " as thfe long line of ecclesiastics, entering by the principal doorway, swept up the main aisle 1 towards the chancel. In front were tbe surpliced acolytes, then came the. minor clergy two-by-two; succeeding them were tbe various Vicars- General of the district', followed closely by the Bishops of Maitland, Goulburn, and Buhurst, vested in their copes and mitres, escorting the Bishop-elect. Then, walking alone, with calm, majestic mien, clad in his rich Cardinal's robes of red, his costly train borne by two acolytes, and his massive head crowned by his scarlet baretta, bent as if in rapt attention to the magnificent storm of music rolling through the Cathedral, came " the great Prince of the Church," the Car dinal Archbishop of Sydney. If the picture jtm instinct with life, light, and color before it was tenfold more so after the clergy had been robed in the chancel, as many of the vestments worn by them on the occasion were of an exceedingly rich character. Fathers Donovan and Fogarty were appointed to act as Deacon and Sub-deacon respectively, whilst Dr. O'Haran, the Cardinal's secretary, was a most efficient Master of Ceremonies. Arter all were seated and the music had wailed itself to rest, the Bishops of Goulburn aod Maitland presented Dr. Dunne to the Cardinal, as tbe Consecrator, saying, " Most Rev. Father, our Holy Mother, tbe Catholic Church, demands that you elevate this priest here present to the responsible office of Bishop." To this His Eminence responded, " Have you the Apostolic mandate 1" Ou the reply being given in the affirmative the order was given that it should be read, a duty executed by Father Gallagher. The Bishop-elect was then examined on the several points of faith and morals in the Catholic Church, Dr. Dunne replying " Volo" (I will), or J* Credo " (I belieye), as occasion demanded. The Mass-was then pro ceeded with. The ministers of the Mass were the Very Rev. M. O'Cadaghan, assistant priest; Rev. P. J. Donovan, deacon; Rsv. P. Clune, sub-deacon; Very Rev. Dean O'Keefe, chaplain to the senior assistant Bishop (Dr. Lmigan); Rev. P. V. Dwyer, chaplain to Bishop Murray. At the Throne the deacons were—Very Rev. P. Dunne, and the Very Rev. F. Muraire, S.M. (of Sydney). Masters of Ceremonies—Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran nd Rev. J. J. Fogarty. Chaplains to new ishop—Rev. T. O'Connell and Rev. J. J. urley. The Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop f Bathurst, and the following clergy were lso present:—Fathers Gallagher, Slatterv, Gaffey, Fallon, Vaughan, Lanigan, Kennedy, and Sturzo. The Bishop-elect, after the Confiteor had been said, was conducted to a side altar, and there vested in the episcopal robes. Both the latter and the Cardinal then went on with the Mass, each at his own altar, continuing it until the end of the tract after the Epistle. His Eminence then seated himself in front of the altar, and on Dr. Dunne being brought before him by the assistant ConsecratorB, the Bishops of Goulburn and Maitland, addressed him in Latin to the following effect: " It is the duty of a Bishop to judge, interpret, consecrate, ordain, offer, baptise, and confirm." After a prayer, the beautiful Litany of the Saints was sung by the clergy, during which the Consecrator and the Bishops were all kueeling before the High Altar, wnilst the Bishop-elect lay prostrate at the left hand ot the former. On the conclusion of the Litany all rose, with the exception of Dr. Dunne, who, however, only attained a kneeling posture. The Cardinal, taking the Gospel-book, placed it open on his shoulders, as a token that henceforth he was to bear the name of Jesus in every land and clime. Then came the imposition of hands. The Cardinal aud the two assistant Bishops laying their hands simultaneously on the head of the Elect, said, " Receive the Holy Ghost," whilst his hands and head were anointed with chrism; and the former having blessed the crozier and the ring, committed them into the care of the new Bishop, along with the Book of the Gospels, straitly charging him to consider the obligation of preaching the Word of God to the people paramount to every other duty. The Kiss of Peace was now given, and the Mass continued up to the beautiful Offertory Hymn. At this point, his Eminence again seating himself before the altar, the newly-consecrated Bishop of Wilcannia, attended by his two assistant Bishops knelling before him, offered two lighted tapers, two ornamented loaves, and two small ornamented barrels of wine. This over, Dr. Dunne then received the Holy Communion at the hands of the Cardinal, whilst the exquisite hymn," Agnus Dei," was splendidly sung by the choir. The new Bishop was invested with the mitre and the gloves, and was led by the Bishops of Goulburn and Maitland to the episcopal throue. Here his Eminence placed the crozier in his hand, and the investiture was complete. It was while he was sitting on this seat, in view of the whole congregation, that one could not be but struck with the extreme placidity and beauty of expression resting on the features of the young prelate. Whilst the choir sung the grand "Te Deutn," the assistant Bishops led Dr. Dunne in full canonicals through the church, that he might bestow his blessing on the people, who reverently knelt to receive it. On the cample tion of the hymn, the newly- consecrated Bishop then mounted the altar steps, and imparted his first solemn episcopal benediction. His Eminence having returned to his throne, Dr. Dunne made three genuflexions before him, at each one repeating the phrase—" Ad multos annos"—" For many years." The Kiss ot Peace was once more given, the last Gospel said, and then, in processional order, the clergy retired to the sanctuary. Before they did so, however, Cardinal Moran declared an indulgence of 100 days to all present. After a very short interval, the Very Rev. Father Gallagher ascended the pulpit and delivered a magnificent discourse on tbe duties of the episcopate. Selecting his sub' ject from Matt, xxviii, 19-20 : " Go, therefore, teach all nations . . . teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you : and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." He said : Your Eminence, Most Rev, Lords, Very R v., Rev. and Dear Brethren,—Everyone one even in the least conversant with the inspired narrative, the correspondence of ecclesiastical history therewith, and the traditions and usages of our holy faith, will understand from a brief explanation of the sacred ceremony of to-day, not merely the meaning and duties of the episcopal office, but the apostolical origin and divine constitution of the holy Catholic Church. Our L ml and Saviour Jesus Christ, we are told in the first chapter of the Acts of Apostles, having accomplished the work cf man's salvation, " having shewed himseil alive after his passion by many proofs and spoken of the kingdom of God," went forth from amongst men to take his seat at the right hand of his Eternal Father. The Apostles, whom He had selected to proclaim the message, and to apply the merits of his sufferings to all the nations, awaited in meditation and prayer the coming of the Paraclete whom He had promised to send—the Comforter who was to teach them all truth, and to abide with them for ever. Their college, however, was not full. A vacancy was in their ranks. Judas, though he had been chosen by our Divine Lord himself—though he had been numbered with them and was to have shared their ministry—had fallen, and "his bishopric was to be given to another." After a prayer to God that He would show them whom He had chosen to take tbe place of the ministry or apostleship, votes were taken and lots were cast. From the disciples who had companied with them—who represented the priesthood or sscond order of the Hierarchy—Mathias was selected. St. Peter, prince ot the Sacred College—to whom bad been given the keys of the kingdom of heaven, the power to bind or loose, to approve or to reject—confirmed ; their selection. The Holy Ghost descending in the form of toDgues ot fire, conveyed the plenitude of the sacerdotal power; and tbe consecration of the first bishop, nominated after the ascension ot our divine Lord, was consummated. And so it is almost exactly in the sacred ceremony which we have witnessed to-day. In the late Plenary Council of Australasia, it having seemed right to the assembled Fathers to widen the sphere and extend the blessings of normal church action by the erection of new Sees, the suffrages of the united episcopate recommended our young prelate to the notice of the sovereign Pontiff. The Vicar of Christ—he who sits in the chair of Peter—he alone can erect new dioceses, he alone can constitute Cathedral churcheB, he alone can appoint bishops and give them authority to rule and t J feed their flocks. If the Church is, in the linguage of sacred Scripture a "house," St. Peter is the " rock foundation " on which it rests. The foundation being taken away, the house itself must tumble down. If the Church is a " tree," St. Peter is the root whence all vitality, beauty, fruit, and perennial freshness must ever spring. If the Church is a " kingdom "—and what simile more common in the Inspired Volume ?—St. Peter is the sovereign from whom all legitimate office, authority, and jurisdiction flow. The 260th successor of St. Peter, therefore, confirming the choice of the Australian episcopate, has bestowed upon him his institution, his jurisdiction, and his flock. Through the sacramental mmistty of the consecrating Cardinal Archbishop, and assistant Bishops here present, acting on the apostolical commission, the episcopal character and order are conferred. But though they minister the exterior rite, the Holy Ghost, as on the day of Pentecost, is the interior Consecrator, exalting the priest to the high priesthood, extending the sacramental power, consolidating the grace of government, constituting the new bishop in the image and likeness of the great High Priest, who has entered with His Blood into tbe everlasting Sanctuary, and is the shepherd and bishop of our souls." (Peter II. 5.) I have just said that the episcopal consecration extends the sacramental power. And so it does. To the bishop it exclusively belongs to perpetuate for the living and the dead the ministry of Jesus Christ by the ordination of priests in the sacrament of Holy Orders. Bishops alone can elevate priests to the episcopal dignity. The bishop alone it is who can on Holy Thursday consecrate the Chrism— " the Holy Chrism," as it is called fn the ancient books—which is the visible sign of the invisible unction of the Holy Ghost in so many Bacraments, BO many consecrations. He alone in the consecration of the churches can give as it were a living soul to the houses of stone. By him alone can be be consecrated, the altar on which is daily renewed the great sacrifice, (the only resource of the human race—the clear oblation, on which is immolated the immaculate Lamb whose blood was shed on Calvary for tbe salvation of the world. The imposition of the bishops' hands alone can impart the perfection of the Christian character in the sacrament' of confirmation. To him alone as representative ol Jesus Christ is committed the care of the consecrated virgins and the reception of those vows by which thfey irrevocably bind themselves to the performance of good works, the service of their everlasting spouse. Not only, however, does it extend the sacramental power, but it consolidates the grace of government. Once clothed in his jurisdiction and invested with his mission by the sovereign Pontiff, the bishop is the ruler of the churches oi his diocese. All other ministries are exercised in dependence on him. He is the guardian of revealed truth the enforcer of the church's canons, the corrector of abuses, the father of his clergy, their juHge, the administer of the temporalities, the pastor of his people, the chief preacher of the divine words to bis flock, and ultimately responsible to God for tbe souls entrusted to hiB care. "Take heed," says St. Paul in hiB solemn admonition te his episcopal brethren, " to yourselves, and to the flock wherein the Holy Ghost has appointed you bishops to rule the Church of God, which*He hath redeemed with His own blood." Again, in explaining to the scattered people of God the duty which binds the flock to their chief pastor, be says, " Obey your prelates ; be sulject to them, for they also watch as having to give an account of your souls, that they may do so with joy, and not with grieving, for this is profitable to you." Such, my dear brethren, is the Catholic episcopate, the same, though widened by the expansion of 1900 years, endowed as teachers with the same immunity from doctrinal error in their corporate capacity, nearly the same in their individual powers of rule, as were the Apostles when they went out from the upper room in Jerusalem on the first Pentecost day with the Divine command to go forth and instruct the nations. To preserve intact the "the deposit of faith"—to preach iu season and out ofseasou, to protect their fl>cks a^aiust tbe wolves, to ward them off from poisonous pasture", to raise from the d'iath, and cleause from the leprosy of sin these have been the occupation of their lives and the main object of their energies in all the Christian centuries. For the first 300 years' they literally filled the prediction of their heavenly Master. Possessing neither gold nor silver, nor scrip, uor staff, nor raiment for their journey, delivered up in the councils, aad Ecourged in the synagogues, brought belore governors and kings, hated by all men for Hia name's sake, thev feared not them who killed the body, but boldly spake the Divine message which had been given to them to an- nounce, and fearlessly proclaimed it before th« Kings and' Gentile?, and children of Israel. "In journeying often, in perils from their own nations, in perils from the Gentiles, in perils from false brethren, in labor and painful ne?s and much watchfulness, in hunger and thirst and fastings, and cold and nakedness ; in daily instance, and in the solicitude of all the churches," they gloried in nought, save in their own infirmity, and being thought worthy to suffer still greater things for the name of Jesus. Ground like wheat, as was St. Ignatius of Antioch, beneath the teeth of the wild beasts in the Flavian Amphitheatre, to become a pure and white bread for Jesus Christ; burned at a slow fire, as was St. Polycarp, of Smyrna, after his 86 years of labour, and teaching, and sacrifice, and prayer; or like St. Cyprian, winning more souls for faith and heaven by his martyrdom, than by all the splendid gifts of his brilliant mind ; the bishops of the three first centuries vanquished their persecutors not less by the greatness of their patient sufferings than by the sublimity of their teaching, and the sanctity of their beautiful lives. Th s was the generous spring, which yielded : its rich and abundant fruit in those giants of the hierarchical order,—in the theological science of St. Gregory, of Nazianreo, in the intrepidity, and learning of St. Basil, in the fierce and golden eloquence of St. John Chrysostom, in the piety, unction and zeal of St. Ambrose of Milan, in the dialectic skill, and philosophic depth of the great St. Augustine. Aud then a change came. The world, which they bad conquered by their courage, their faith, their sacrifice, and their superior enlightenment, ceased to crucify and molest The blood of martyrs had become .the seed of Christianity. The doctrines preached by the humble fishermen of Galilee —though foolishness to the Gentile, and a scandal to the Jew—having vanquished the philosophies of Zeno and of Epicurus, ol Plato and of Cicero, had become the religion of the Empire ; and the cross of our Saviour t)ie glorious symbol of human contempt, and of divine love, had taken its place, by sanction of public law, above the Eagles of the Capitol. Emperors became the adomers of that name which they had blasphemed, and fostfer-fathers of the Church whose blood they had shed. The purple day of martyrdom was exchanged for that of royalty. And for 12 centuries and more—from the fourth to the sixteenth—the Bishops of the Catholic Church occupied the chief place, not merely in the spiritual kingdom, but in the progress, the civilisation, and the government of the world. It was a high commission—the highest ever given by Almighty God, even in the spiritual domain, to any one order of meb. Yet the records of history tell us how faithfully, how nobly they discharged the various duties of their exalted trust. Their superior culture, their winning address—that refinement and illumination which ever spring from moral purity, and the contrast of high intellect with spiritual things, led captive the affections of rulers and of people. As "Lord High Chancellors they held the seals of office. As Treasurers—in times when finance was tar from being the science it is to-day—in times ot lawlesmaaa and unrest, they were the trusted depositaries of the nation's funds. As Justiciaries they distributed impartial justice to serf, noble, to rich, and poor; As ambassadors they upheld the dignity and maintained the rights of the respective countries at the courts of Kings. Their domain it was that extended tbe privileges and elevated the status of the media vat' churl, and villain J as before they bad fought the battle and set tbe example of the manumission of tbe slave. U nder the shadows of their majestic cathedrala reposed in calm security, the chief, if net the only High Schools of the age; from their munificence and enlightened zeal sprang most of the colleges and universities of Europe. Their diocesan synods, the provisional and national councils, in which they legislated in their collective wisdom — while correcting abuses, while elevating the standard of public morals, while regulatiug religion by salutary laws, curbed, the lawless power of sovereigns and barons, stood ont as .he highest type of order and of freedom in discussion, and became the models after which were fashioned tbe diliberative assemblies of tbe modern world. They knew, too, the art ot withstanding kings and cowing despots. If a charter of liberty was to be demanded, it was the Catholic bishop whose learniug and prudence dictated the woid , the Catholic bishop whose courage led on 3 the more timid barons; he was the spokesman who presented it for the signature of the Sovereign. (Cardinal Langlon in the teign of King John, Archbishop Winchelsea in that of Edward I., Archbishop Scrope in that of Henry IV., are examples of what I mean. Agahi.-under 'tbeir Z'al and fostering patronage," convents and monasteries arose, and became the active seats of labor, of learning, and of-prayer ; or homes for the orphan, the indigent, the diseased, the suffering ones of humanity, in every form. From their lofty ideals spring the churches and cathedrals that etill adorn the face of Europe—noblest offering ever made out of material things by (he intellect, tbe heart, and the baud of man to the author of his being. Tbe institution and endowment of pariebes brought the teachings of religion the graces of the sacraments, the counsel of a sincere aud enlightened friend into every town, and hamlet, and sequestered valley, and the poor had the Gospel preached to them through the mendicant and the preaching friars." ThnSj for 12 centuries, a united brotherhood of holy chief-paatora, with mitre, and crozier, and uplifted hand, walkd forth and taught, and blessed, and taught a faithful and contented people. And the abiding presence of a majestic hierarchy, in due subordination from bumble lector to cathedral dean, in all the nations of Christian Europe, energised through its 10,000 instruments ot beneficence and enlightenment for the development of mind, for the elevation of morals, for the securing of liberty, for upholding the truth of God, for saving the souls of men. lo the episcopate, especially, applies that remark, so just and true, of the philosopher Montesquieu, regarding the Universal Church—" Admirable thing," says he, is the Christian religion; it seems to have no other end in view than happiness in he next world. Yet it is the great source of happiness and highest progress m the present" It was while a bishop of the Holy Church, Cardinal Xituenes, Ruided the deetiuies of the country that Spain reached tbe summit of her glory and her power; threw around the ordon of her posts, military and commercial, intellectual and missionary j and enriched the empire of civilised nations by the addition of the New World. If, again, France during the reign of Louis XIV. attained in political power, in the arts of peace, in science, in literature, in refinement, in the possession of men, great in every department, a degree of splendor which rivalled, it it did not surpass, the most biilliaut epochs of all history, it was after the genius of the Cardinals Richelieu and Mazirin had organised tbe power, and consolidated the revenue of the kingdom ; it was at the time when the gentle wisdom of Fenelon, Archbishop of Cambray, formed the character of its Princes ; at the time when the eagle mind ol Bossuet, Bishop of Meank, influenced for good, even if he could not always direct the counsels of the nation. Never, perhaps, did that circle of States, which make up the Germanic Confederation, enjoy a larger measure of freedom, reach a higher level of prosperity aud social happiness, enrich mankind more by the invention of their genius, add to the domain of philosophic thought or experimental science than in those centuries when happy and contented peoples paid allegiance to rulers who united, in one person, tbe mitre and the crown ; when Prince-Bishops, by their common faith, welded ao many discordant elements in the unity of the Fatherlands ; when the Spiritual Fathers of the peoples, by their votes in the Diet?, confirmed the election of the Emperor. (Such are some of the thoughts which might naturally occur at least to the student of history in view of the sacred ceremony which we witness to-day.) Times have changed. Institutions have been modified. New forms of thought, new systems of government, altered conditions of social life have sprung up since then. But never at any period of the Church's history, was the Catholic bishop stronger, never were his responBibilitis greater, never did he wield a more potent influence for good, than he does at tbe present day. He may not be called upon, indeed, to represent our Divine Lord in his character of priest and victim, as were the bishops of the early Church—-to announce the heavenly message amid persecutions, and to confirm it with their blood. He may not be required to organise a new society out of tbe decomposing elements of the Pagan world —to curb the power to resist the oppressions, to tam? the un- bridled passions of self-willed lords and savage hordes—to create a new order out ot chaos, as were the bishops of the Middle Age—when Confusion beard their voice, and mate nproir stood ruled. No need, in our day, that be should in person (though his influence must be always present) take his seat as civil magistrate on the bench of justice ; grasp tbe sword and accompany the armies of his people to battle for their freedom, or guide the political affairs ot the State in the cabinets of kings. He is all the stronger of the change. Stripped of earthly splendours, be is tempted to no unworthy compromise between the cause of God and the interests of the world. No longer tbe servant of princes, he is tenfold tbe servant of his people. Freed from the trammels of the secular power, guided by tbe divine law alone, he can upbraid the vices of rulers, he can resist the encroachments and correct the errors of statesmen, he can moderate the demands and reprove the excesses of tbe democratic and revolutionary spirit, without incurring the suspicion of working for a selfish aim. "To them," says the great Count de Maistro, "still belongs tbe marvellous ascendancy which stopped Theo dosius at the door of the Cathedral of Milan; Attila, on his way to Bome ; Louis XIV. at the altar rail." Stiong in the affection of his people, and their im plicit trust in his impartial, rule—strong in tbe piety, union, learning, and z«al of his priests—strong in their unwavering faith and deep atachment to the centre of unity —Btrong, above all, in the abiding presence of Him, who has promised to be with him all days to the consummation of the world what is there for the diffusion of truth, tbe discomfiture of error, the building up of the teoiple, material and spiritaal, of Jesus Christ, which he may not hope to accomplish ? What if he meet with difficul ties ? They but plume bis courage. What if disappointment thwart bis every step Nothing wortbyor lasting ; nothing great and glorious—whether in tbe kingdom of nature or of grace—which is not the costly purchase of labor and sacrifice and anxiety and toil. He has so much to think of, so many interests to guard, tbe foundations ot so many institu tions to lay, ,o much to test the patience of his soul, so much to construct, so many things to set in order, that every natural gift, every latent power of sacramental grace and energy, is brought out into action and lile. As teacher, feeding his mind from the inspired volume, Iroin the defined teaching of Holy Church ; from those rich and abundant stores of thought which are bequeathed to hina by the brightest intellect of all ages —from St Irenaeus to St. Thomas Aquinas, from lertullian to Cardinal Newman, he must keep intact the " Deposit of Faith he must preach the Word instant in season, out of seasonreproving, entreating, rebuking his own children, in all patience and doctrine; striking and wounding, with Herculean might, the monster of falsehood and error, wherever and in whatsoever shape it raises its hydra head. Asa ruler, blending the wisdom of the Berpent with the simplicity of the dove ; he must be firm to maintain order and discipline, just to inspire confidence, swaying souls ("ptus afftctione quam poteslale," according to the beautiful expression of St. Cyprian) more by love than power; ever Attempering:, with the sternness or the brain. Thoughts, motherly and weak as womanhood. v Entrusted, as he is, with the interests of the Eternal Father, who is in Heaven, and with tbe preservation of faith and morals amongst men, he must not y ield to weakness. He must be prepared to cast out, like our Divine Lord, with a holy indignation, the traffickers, the unbelievers, the scoffers, who would pollute with their presence, or turn into a den of thieves, the temple of the living God ; he must be prepared to cast out, without mercy, in the plenitude of his power, if need were, the wolf or the hireling, whether among pastors or people, who, by the errors of his teaching, or the scandals of bis life, would be a source of corruption and of death to the occupants of the told ; still more ready, however, to receive back, like the Good Father of the Gospel, in the benignity of his heart, the repentant and returning one to his fatherly embrace—to the joys and shelter of the paternal home. In fine, says St. Ambrose—himself the most beautiful type of his exalted order—"The life of the whole flock must first be found in the bishop. Being elected from all men to preside over all, elevated into the calm seat ol peaceful judgment, he must be the' medicus et exemplar,' healer and model of all." "Not lording it over the clergy, but becoming a pattern of the flock from the heart," he must be a man of solid, sterling virtue—sober, prudent, chaste, hospitable; not given to anger, not proud, not greedy of filthy lucre, ever preferring truth, and the clear ring of its golden voice, duty, and the sweet and consoling accents of its approval, to the mean ambition of men's praise, and .the vulgar : »pularity of the passing. Taken, then, Most ! ieT. Father, tbe crozier which is this day placed in your hand. Sweet is the dignity which has been conferred upon you. To be made, like St. Timothy at Ephesue, Titus at Crete, or St. Paulinus at York, or St. Hilary at Poitiers, or St. Patrick at Armagh, the founder of a new diocese—the first bishop of a new See—even in the long history of the Church, it can be the only rare distinction of the chosen few. But, if the dignity be great, the labor, tbe responsibility, and the sacrifice, are greater still. You have been honored, and you obeyed : burdened, and you do not refuse the labor. Like the Apostle St. Paul, drawing strength from your own timidity and weakness, that "your work may stand not in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God," go forth, not in the persuasive words of human eloquence, judging yourself to know nought save Jesus Christ and Him crucified, to' enter upon tbe discharge of your exalted 'office, to form a new flock, to fence in and plant a uew vineyard, for our Father who is in Heaven. Accompanied by the prayers' and good wishes of all who know your priests and people, go with courage into that vast territory which to-day is consigned to your spiritual rule. Almost anticipating the onward march of civilisation be there to give the blessings of heaven to tbe works of the hands of man—to weave the golden thread of religious principles into the texture of its material and intellectual progress—to plant the tiny mustard seed which will soon grow up into a good tree, and gladden by its beauty, and nourish with its fruit, and spread its protecting shades over those arid plains—to bring, in a word, countless souls saved by your ministry, into the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at His coming, to be for eternity your crown of glory and your jiy. As for us, my dear brethren, you and me, who represent his people, and his priests, a great duty devolves on us also on a day like this. On this day, so full of happy augury, this day so symbolic of the progress of our holy faith, this day so fitted for thankfulness of great joy, let us ask of God, during the concluding portion of this august ceremony, for this new diocese, this youngest daughter of the Australian, or rather of the Universal Church, that He may in His mercy bestow upon it three gifts. Let us ask in the first place that he may raise up within it a laity who, »>y the strength and docility of their taiih, by their assiduous practice of all the Church's precepts, by the example of truthful and manly, and upright, and virtuous lives, will illustrate the elevating influences of our holy reiigion. Let us pray, in the second place, that God may grant it that greatest mercy which ever the Divine mercy can bestow on a diocese or a people—a priesthood according to his own heart, a priesthood enlightened, laborious, aelf- Bacrificing. like their divine model, "pure, innocent, undefiled hood who, to the highest attainable culture of mind, will unite to the most perfect discipline of life, exquisite purity of soul, and a zeal which will long to labour and be spent for the salvation of their people. In fine, let us offer up an earnest prayer for this young prelate that God may give him all the strength and graces necessary for the fitting discharge of his onerous and exalted office; that he may lay broad and deep, and strong the foundations on which others may continue for generations to build the beautiful fabric of our - Holy Faith ; that, in a word, when he, and all of us, shall have gone to give an account of our stewardship at the judgment seat of God, a long succession of prelates, eminent for every high and noble episcopal gift, may make it their boast and aim to emulate the zeal, to rival the energy, and to imitate th? virtues of the first BISHOP OP WILCANNIA. 