P4&uiW;Ê$b: w awwT south: I WALES. S -*_.-*>-._. 1 tSStíUliVE cotixbíL. THraaVA*, aCabou 3tl I The- PsuuxDftxT took ti» chair «tholf >mV4i * «.i* ¡AspMrt rp ^íIll-s I $&. PA^SIppÎÎt. awodncotl ÜuU ho lud rWvtó n MromjinJçaJioQ fj^hio^AUtuoy tha.Oofcrpor «ífttiag ¿whigESpallancyjhadnaaeJttedW the.TojnporaryÉJupjay My SALOMONS leu upon tho Ubjo. steternoat oft AOoanntp tf t^GcverjHno|^Savin»Baok fer 189$. JÍ ice.« ordered that ihn deauinent bo printed. AWSffBRS TO QUESTIONS Mt SALOMOVS.Í11 reply to Mr JWiítS, «Atd tDitthtf Ae*t under which clofrj of Potty Sosiio&s; received foes for their «traoMwÜttb SitteU Debt» AU, 10th VJo No Mr CfeESfr asked ¿ha Berrcs*iitot.ve og&QiGoYcTniaapt1; «I question emoro«n« atoo seotfona in, rofennoe to the cost of the armoured cobte, te oonditioa, mooni of storage, foi »hot porpota obtaÍae¿, end tbo atete of »fljc}anny of tho cabio 4a Jfx SALOMONS said that exoaptin« at to tho lint,) the seoUons of the question wera either literally or1 woatojirially the «amo a» those wh oh ho informed the bou. member on the 23rd. .M""*! for reasons thomrafed tharhuMthoRaprescntjUlvaof ¡ho Government JCtecliooite anower end therefore hedía not th ni it noce* wary to take op the timo-of the House by repeating wlmt ho ?it-notixfaci Ötet tho otlioor commanding thb Torpedo Corps .old, m a le ter published hy him m tho jbydn»y Xormag 'Htraid of the 32nd February that tho armoured cable reforrodT te n- the answers given in tula House the Ott Moy loot forma neither port nor parecí of Uto ootna! torpedo defence of the i Barely the hoe, member could juet a* toady find, out asthd Repreeentetjvtoftha Government or thö Government itself wbethor a oertetn ttetement appeared ia the 6ydtuy Morn no Htrald îhatwas open tr> tho hen gentleman equally with tbo Reprtaenurivo of the Government. "ÈÎt CRBED as a matter of personal explanation atfd that tho reason*} ¿Ivon by tho hon Und losraod gentleman ona former rxeatíon wore that tbo matWrtin reference to which questions were asked wore mattem relating; to the defeat» of tho colony but is regard to tho question now on tho paper tho h ghost «uti ority on tho subject of the arinourod cabio had atetad that it formed no portion of tua defence of the colony Tho hon gunüomují, therefore might fairly hnfe ansnered it. LEAVE OP ABSENCE On tho motten of Mr Jacob, leave of abieoM for tho remainder of the -session woe granted to the Ron H C Dangar On tho motion of Mr Macintosh leare of atwenrwforasimilnT orm wa» granted to tho Hon William. Grahamo m the tetter ease on aooount-of ill health PERPETUAL TRUSTEE COMPANY (LIMÏTED) Mr STEPHEN moved for lcayp. to br ng onafer power« upon the ForpcAitàl Trustée Company Limited The mot on was tt%n and read tho first timo Limited The mot on wa* ngrood to and the bul vu brought in SYDNEY BISHOPRIC A"ND CHURCH PROPERTY BILL Mr KNOX*moved,-1 That the Sydsn B shoprfo and Church Property B 11 bo retorted for consideratawi and report, to a Select Committee 2 That euch comm tteo consist of thofollowiiig member« vi -Sir Alfred btcphen Mr Alexander Campbell, Mr Creed, Mr Jacob Mr King Mr Jfaornt-m, Mr Pidd ugton, Mr Abbott and Mr Knox 3 That tho evidence taken during the session 1BÍJ6-« before tho Solee* Committee on this subjeoj laid upon the table of this House and, ordered to be printed on the 18th August Uat, bo referred to tho «aid oommitteü Th» motion wag agreed to CREMATION BILL Mr CREED moved, That the Cremation Rill bo now read tho second time.' Ho pointed out that tho Ltutett Voing as sound as they wore vigorous and effective The ¿artaí ateo oompiimentod the legislators of New Couth Wales upon the oommoa sen» they hod ah ia preferring to proceed for themselve» m natter and stated that they would be glad to see a similar i^i)eaxi«paë»edpi England The bill was oso to rognlate 4tan member deatrrvoti credit for his persovtusutrcn fo "isard ^ted^íer ana no^fifiooâ hod been prceontod in i favour The hen mombctfhadgJve«norcnson* ? favour of lt,and bad merely quoted aotno niodieal reporte, in which ho " * *i faith Itwaa our> a mai ter of santunont as iq for hev knew that-white bodies wh ch wore bunod could be exhumed if any suspicion arose as to the cause of death, when a body was cremated oil evidence of foul slav if any originally existed was lort. Be would opposa the bilL Mr STEWART said that tho bill waa a empalar one, for it was a measure to regulate o proposal which _r_ . . , doubt bo a -very sabsfactory one Ho admitted that ho voted for the Second reading of the bill on a p rjv ona occasion, but onlv because no tetondodtonmkosomoamendmenamcoinmittoô. Ho-was, howovor jockeyed oat of. them und that was why ho was now opposed to the btu. The only bill they re qairad waa a panntatire bill, giving poop e authority te-aro tato, and thoy could eesUy make their own nguladoo« Mr NORTON said that u thte matter wat an importent "ne and thors was barely a quorum pruaont, ho moved the adjournment of tho debate until that day week. Aftor some dissuasion on the question of adjournment, the motion was carried on division t>v lo to 8, and the de- bato was-oocordlnglv adjourned ali Thursday next SHERIFF'S FEES BILL. Tha Pbmidrnt reported that he had received a message from the Legislative Assembly ¿orwarding for considera hon o-bill te regulate (ho scale of /wa and charges m th» Sheriffs Offlco On th« motion of Mr SALOMONS the bill ni read thojlnt time a. Wednesday next. 