The <ttiQCii'rt Jubilee In 12ng> Imnl Tho Proocsslonnnd Thanksgiving Service. (Compiled from the Daily News of June Tin: Daily News of Juno 22 contains 6ixtecn pages, nearly tho wholo of which is devoted to tho Queen's Jubilee Festivity in England. From this account of tho pageant wo compile tho following report The Green Park honestly derived its nnmo on her Majesty's Jubilee day. The morning all was fair, fretli, and Juno like. Thcro had been predictions of a possible change in the we aker, but tho most commonplace meteoro logical student would know from the np. pcanwK'c of tho sky, no less than from tho btcahincss of the barometer, that a day of uninterrupted sunshino was in all human probability beforo us. Very merry thcrcforo were tho good po plo who satchel on hack or basket in hand, tramped towards Buckingham Palace, along tho Mall, down Constitution Hill, or through tho entrances by which pcoplo from tbo South-Wcstern districts would arrive. As tbo trains began to run tho numbers increased, and at nine o'clock the spectators around the railings wbicli cncloso Buckingham i'nlaco and its grounds not ns yet concern themselves much with the oil ils nud ends of tho passing hour. They kept their eyes steadily upon the windows of Buckingham Palace, which did not by any means wear a -fesiivo appearance, ns seen through the iron railings. Some of tho blinds wore wholly drawn, and somo partly, A policeman or two appeared on 6en'ry duty on tho reof, and tenants, Including ccoks in white, and helpers in shirt slcovce, lined the parapet. Tho great ornamental iron gates inside were closed, and of Royally there was as yet no sign. The p lice on duty hero wero picked men of the D Division, and at first the duty of usnrilinlUng tho spectators fell entirely upon them. Tho spectators until n qoorlor to ton bad in reason been left pretty much to their own devices; nud they were no doubt an ex ceedingly well-mannered crowd who gavo no trouble. But the peiiod arrived when tho fringe had to bo reduced, when tl c words "Pass on" must be checiily uttered nnd acted upon by tho men of the D divlsiou. Tbo public, brought to line, and trimmed in the front onco for all, accepted the position which Christian fortitude, nnd in truth had eventually as good n view of tho prcceesiong ns many who in town had paid live guineas for n scat. Tbo heat began to bo very oppressive, however, and people locked at ono another when, in the rear of ono of tiio line rcgimeuts marching by, four men were observed bearing a stretcher; all ready for use— a necc6Bary provision nnido with every regimcot, but nn uncanny objtel nevertheless for a holiday parade. Tiio Marquis of Exeter nnd the Xuko of Westminster rodo into tho yard in Lord Lieutenant's unifo-in, acting for the day ns yeomanry nldos- de- camp, nod Fir Charles Warren's bandsomo i-ilvcr and bluo uniform was mndn moro handsc mo by tho massive goldon chain and ordor, and white bows of ribbon on tho shoulders, warranted by a collar day. At tcu o'clock the Grenadiers, their band playing God Bavo tho Qiicen, f<rmcd gunrd of honor at tbo Palnco entrance, and at tho sound all tho troops within earshot salute:!. Shortly attor, the Duke of Cambridge, Lord Wolsclcy, nnd their brilliant staff catno upon tho scone, and there wore cheers from tbo spectators. Tho band of tho 10. h Hut-ears drow up across the cntrnnco to tho Mall, The picture looked upon by the Indies nnd gentlemen who wero now at tho I'hIuco windows was n fine ono— police, foot soldiers an t sailor.', crowds of spectators, cavalry with red and cavalry with white plumes, horses nnd men, the pick of tho army ; and, behind n'f, the full folingcd trees of the Green Park, with stretches of grass warmed by tho sun shining in a cloudlets sky. A buby in white with bluo saf<h, nnd aB yet innocent of hair, was at this timo nn object of much ntteution at ouo of the palac-j windows, but soou numbers of babies ami small children were brought to look down upon the gay spectacle beneath, and tho enquiries which had been heard ns to whoso babies they were, ceased. Tho spectators also gave up trying to learn whose were tbo Royal carriages that occasionally catnu to tho Palace, or tho names of the handsomely uniformed German officers at tho Palnco windows. Aides-da-camp galloppcd to nod fro ; thcro was a growing air of expectancy in tho aspect of things, By this time tho Indian Princes should bo forming for their procession at Hyde Park Corner, oud some thing should bo seen of tbo first of tho pro cessions. At last a cavalry escort appeared from tho diroation of Constitution Hill, and those who had programmes know that the Duke and Duchess of Tcck and their children were riding in tho two closed carriages. Tho rest, however, bad no means of guessing, and tbero was a good deal in tbo remark of a matron in tho front row of spectators' that on occasions liko this nil eminent personages, aud especially ckecd carriages, should be labelled. Tho popular Duches3 of Tcck was recognised by a few and heartily cheered. '1 he next arrivals woro tbo Duke and DuchcsJ of Edinburgh and Grand Duke and Grand Duchess Eergo iu nn open carriage. The first procession came out of the P.ila s yard at bnlf-pn<-t ten, consisting of three carriages contuining tho Duko and Duchess of Tcck and their children, and tho Prince Ernest Frederick of Anhnlt and Prince Ernest of Hnxo Mcimngcn, Only n passing giimpso could bo obtained of their Royal and Bcrene Highnesses in consequence of the closed carriages ; nnd it was for the same rca-i n known to but a few that the young officer chatting in an animated manner with his vis- a-vis in tho closed carriage which arrived from tbo Mnll was Prince Albert Victor, Presently from the North caroo a sound liko tho beating of sorf on tho shore, and this bet )ken»d that tbo first procession was well on its way down Piccadilly. Then came another cavalry escort, and tho dis tinguished guests in ilio carriage which fol lowed it wero .received with a fanfare by the Queen's trumpeter, and a few bars of tho Nntionnl Anthem by the hands. Heads were strained to identify the occupants of tho closed carriage, who were the King of Denmark and tho King of Greece. From the Royal Mows tbo six crcam colourod ponies, harnessed to tbc Btoto coach, wero led, nnd down the Mall half a dozen scarlet liveried grooms led the saddle horses which the Princes of the blood were to ride, It was now approaching oleven o'clock, and n young Pcots Guardnnan, overcome by tbo heat, fell to tho ground, unconscious, and was hauled out of the ranks to receive medical trcntmcnt. Up the Mall, whilu the din of answering bands aud trumpets was yet high, was heard the first henrty cheering of iho day, tbo greeting given to tho Prineo nnd Princess of Wales arriving in an open carriage, bowing nnd smiling in recognition of the general cheering. The animation grew to excitement ns clattering recoils succeeded one another ; but there was a cry of" Auotlier man down," and atccond soldier lay upon the ground supported by his comrade. Annmbulnncc waggon was called, but tho man was not taken away by it, and the Hussars opened out to allow the vehicle bearing tbo Ucd Cross to retire. The start of the pro cession of fifteen carriages containing the Kings, Qucenp, Princes, and Princesses wa9 a scone of striking grnndcur. Borne of the carriage were closed, anil tbo spectator?, who had hoped to have tho opportunity of recognising tho King nod Queen of tho Belgians, the King of Boxony, nnd tbc King of Greece, had slight opportunity, under the peculiar circumstances, of doing so. In this respect they were not so favourably placed as spectators on other portions of the route, for the bustle and movement of troops incident to tho Btarting of tho precession put them at a disadvantage. All tbo bands played tbo National Anthem as their Majesties passed, and tho silvor trumpets again rang sbrill above tbo band music. Most of tho pcoplo npnenred to be familiar with tho King of (ho Belgians, and cheered him, Tbo groat pro- ccs-ion in which her Majesty rodo started at twenty -fivo miuutes past eleven, ton minutes later than the appointed time, and one of tho outriders was nearly unseated by a rearing horso at tho very outwit. He recovered his sent inn mas'crly manner, anil ?o ended n moment of painful suspense. The carriages In till! procession wore open, nnd thcchoeritig wan nmv loud and sustained. Tho young Princesses did not use parasols, nnd grcnt was the delight of the spectators as they rucng. msed the daughters of tho l'tincn of Wnlcs, the Duchess of Albany, nnd tho Duchess nf C'onnniight. The chccrs grew loudor ns thu Queen's daughters— our well-known Princesses Christian, Louiee, Marchioness of Lome, nnd Henry of Bnttcnbarg— with tho Duchess of Edinburgh passed ; and thoy were vociferous when her Majesty, with tho Princess of Wnloa and Crown Princess of Gormnny, bowing nnd smiling to cither side, drove slowly past. Tbo splendid cnralcado of sons, sons-ln-Iuw, grandsons, and grandsons-in-Iaw of the Queen, nnd tho staff in attendance, was tho culminating point of grandeur, nnd with this unique Royal military epcMncIo the crowds wero left in a fevor of cxcitcmont. As soon as tho rear- guard of tho procoFsicn had turned tho corner, ono of tl.o soldiers who had succumbed to tho liont was borne across tho spnee In front of tho Palnco on a stretcher, to nil appearance lifclois, Within fivo minutes n rumour, which proucd to bo well- founded, was circulated that the Mnrqufs of Lornu lmd been thrown from his roaring horso lu ascending Constitution Hill, but without serious consequences. The Prince of Wales shook hands with his relative, nnd ex- prcpsrd his gratification that he was not hurt. Tho spectators, who lmd elected to tnVc up tlieir positions In the Green Park, or under the stately avenue of elms nlong Constitu tion Hill, wero fortunato in tho compnrntivo freedom from crush and dust and tho bent of crowded streets and spaces exposed to glaring sunshine. Across tho broad rtrctchcs of turf n pleasant breeze swept continually, anil the spreading branches of trees in their summer foliage cnBt cool shadows on tho roadway in which thcro wero no (Iodfc masses of pcoplo to sway to and fro with every itnpuboof excitement. Tho thousands standing there wero not wedged so tightly tbnt they hud no room to move, and most of them bad wisely taken their places insido'ho railings of tho park where thoy were free from nil possibility of any danger from sudden rushes. The throngs scorned mainly to consist of visitors from tho country, who, however caj or to get a view of the spectacle, were amenable to every word of warning, nnd moro ready to render ohcdiencu to tho police thnn London crowds often are. Tbo roadway was lined with troops, for tho most part in single rank and in ordor, so loom tbnt tho lino might easily have been broken through, yet no ntUmpt of this kind was made. Ti.c pcoplo having been fortunato enough to securo good portions wero wisely content to rcrnoin thore, and not run lite risk of summary ejectment, Caul ah tho slindo was on Constitution llill, however, several Indies fnln'cd with fatigue of long waiting, and a boy wtoio ambition bad lid him to select a dangerously high perch nmong tie branches of a tree lost his hold and fractured a bono in fulling. For n long tltno the people io this part of tho park had little to gratify them or while away tho tedious hours beyond tbc brightness of distant colors and glittering arms framed in tho mass of tender greon folingc, Thoy could hear now and then iho mighty ionr of a multitude in Piccadilly, where Indian Princes in peacock splendour were loudly cheered ns they parsed on their way to Wept minster. Presently, however, they wero enabled to join in tho cxcitoment and chorus of dicers as the Dnko of Cambridge with officers of tho bend- quarter staff i-alo by, followed by somo car riages with servant? io Royal livery, in ono of wi.ich rode Fiiucces Alary of Cambridge, Duchess of Tcck. At Inst the weary timo of waiting whs over. A field officers' escort of tbo 1st Lifo Guards wos seen moving into tho roadway from Buckingham PaIacc, bended by n sporting group arrayed in scarlet coats laccd with gold and vpot toss white buckskin?, 'thcso wero thu Royal Huut servants— Frank Goodall, the veteran Queen's Huntsman, nud his tbreo whips — next thorn rodo Lord Coventry, Master rf Her Majesty's Buck- hounds, io his green contof State, and having the golden couples which arc his badge of mastership. The glittering wavo of Aunlit sabres and cuirasses. crested by white plumes liko a foam, flashed by, nnd then camo car riage after carriage, in which were many distinguished soldicrH of foreign armies in attendance on princely guests of our Queen. At tho window of ttic third enrriago thcro appeared a strong face moro of Scottish than of Gcrmun type. Yet it was shaded by n helmet on which tho Prussian cnglo blazed, tho broad shoulders wero decorated with tho epaulettes of a German officer, tho stalwart figure was clothed in a white tunic, and tho broad breast on which many decorations for conspicuous valour gleamed was incased in tho armour of Bismarck's White Cuirassiers. Tho wearer, who looked on scnncB that must bnvo been familiar enough to him in boyhood, war Baron Camp- boll Von Laurent/, tho young soldier of a stout Ecotthh race who led a troop of tho Prussian Cuiras-Krs of tho Guard when thoy charge and broke the French infantry at Alars-ln-Tour, Lieutenants-General Von Cnrtowitz wus less conspicuous in tho oni- form of Baxony, nnd tho closed carriages screened from view Bomo other soldiers of European reputation, la tho next two car riages wero princes nnd princcssos of tho houses of Hoiienlobc-Langenbcrg, Baden, Haxo-Coburg, Haxc-Wcimcr, and Mceklon- bcrg-Blrelitz. Tbon In the eleventh carriage carau Prince Ludwig of Bavaria, the Duko of Snxc-Coburg nnd Gotbn, the Infuuto Don Antonio, and Donna Eulnlia of Spain,- Next in order wero thu Due d'Aosta, represent lug tho King of Itnly, tbo Crown Pritico of Sweden, tbo Crown Princo of Portugal, whose form is already familial to Londoners, and tbo Crown Princess of Portugal, Tho Crown Prince of Austrin-HuDgnry redo in the thirteenth carringo with tho Grand Duko and Grand Duchess of Mccklcnberg-Siru- litz, the King of Baxony, in a Prussian general's uniform and wearing the coilnr of a ICnigbt of tbo Garter, the King of the Belgians and the Queen of tho Belgians fol lowed ; and in tbo last carriage of tbc pro-' ccfflion rode Princo Gcorgo of Greece in Bailor uniform, tho Crown Princo of Greece, the King of the Hellenes, and the King of Denmark, tho father of our ever-popular Princess. A long pause, filled up by sounds of distant cheering wafted across the Park from Piccadilly and tho Alall, tho slow' fil.tcly movement of another cquudron of Life Guards going past, nud then the pro cession of the Queen and her Afnjcsty's Royal family began. First catno ladies-in-wait- ing of nil tho princesses, Lord-in- Wait ing, Goldbtick, Lord Chamberlain, Lord Steward, Lady of tlr Bedchamber, and other officials of the Queen's Houhc- bold ; and then, headed by Arthur KntncrEct, her Majesty's Equerries nnd AMes-dc Camp camo riding by. Con spicuous among thu>u soldierly wearers of aiguiilettcs and golden spurs were Sir Pakcr Russell (who Icl tbo Cavalry Brigade in its midnight chnrgo at Kas9Hesin),Major-Gcneral Fir John AIcNeill, V.C., tbo Mnrqui'j of Exeter, tho Duko of Westminster, Lord Truro, and the Earl of Wctnyps in Volunteer uni forms ; nnd then followed tbo Headquarters Staff of tho British Army, the Duko of Cambridge's Aides-de-camp leading, thu Alilitary PccretaricB nnd Assistant Adjutant and Quartermnbtcr-Guncrals riding next, among them being Colonel Ln'ccllcs, Colonel Grant, Colonel Voncricff, Colonial Alorklmtn, Mnjor-Gcncra! Frcmantlc, Licutcnant-Gcno- ral Bir C, Brownlow, Mnjor-Gcncral Clerk, Alajor-General Goodcnougb, nnd General I Nicholson ; and then a trio, of which General Viscount Wolscloy wos tho centra with Major- General Uormnn and Major-Gcncral Sir II. Biddtilpli beside him. The Adjutant- General was readily n:eogni«cd and loudly cliccrcd. lKhlnd this brilliant Btnll with Us blaze of scarlet uniforms and glittering decorations, came tbo blood relations of her Majesty to the third nnd fourth generation. Princes ami Princesses too young of years to have gained great distinction beyond tiio names thoy hear were in the first two Royal carriages. Then camo tho PrinccHies Maud, Victoria, and I/wise of WVcs, with their cousin, tho Grand Duchess Elizabeth of IIiuam, a group that attracted all eyes and raised the first chccra of cnthusissm. Louder tho mighty voice of tho tnuhitudo thundered its welcome to tho Duchess of Albany nud tho Duchisi of Con- naught, with whom wire two young German Prlnco-si'H. Louder filill it swelled as tho Duchess of Edinburgh, Princess Beatrice, Princess I.ouisc, and Princess Christian of Bclileswig-Uelstcin went hy, nnd then it died away for a moment, ns outriders iu Itoynl scarlet passed, tu bo renowed again whon nt tho head of the grand escort of Priuces was seen tho soldierly form of tho C'rowu Princo of Gcrmnny. That tho English pcoplo scarcely regard him ns a foreigner was proved by tho loud ncclnnntioiH of wo'como that greeted him from tho crowd nlongConfitilutlon-iiill. Ilulookivi i pale nud gray from mifering, but 1 ore him- Keif Hko a lender ot men still, ilis tji.l llguro locked nm»M gigantic in the whit.i uniform of n Cuira-ricr if tbo Gmud, with the Imperial crest on his helmet, ami ho cat with tho firm easy seat of a born cnvnlrv soldier. In his hand he curried thu baton of n German Fiold-Murshal. On iho right rodo the Grand Duke of IIch-o iu the bine uniform of a German General, nnd on thu Jett Prince Christian of Fchlcsuig-HoLtetn, w| u> worn tho uniform of n General of tho British Army. Princo Albert Victor of Wale?, iu tho bluo ami go'd of i lie 10 h ilus-ais rote next, with Priucu William of PriusU on his right hand, and tho Grand Duke Sorgo of Russia on his left. Then camo Prince George of Wales in tho full dress of a imvnl lieu tenant, with Princo Henry of Prussia nnd tho Hercditnry Grand Duko of llcsso berido him. British naval uniforms alternated with tho simplo garb of German officers in tho centre, for behind Princo Gcorgo ami his companions catno tho Hereditary Princo of Sftxe-Mclnlugun, Pritico Chrii tinu Victor of Schlcswig . iioisteiu anil Princo Louis of Baltcnberg,Uic latter wearing the cocked hat and opnulcilcs of n commander of tho Royal Navy. Princo Henry of Baitcnberg and tho Mnrquht of Lorno, who rodo togcLher, woro in volunteer uniforms, one ns honorary colonul of the Princess Bcatrlccs'a Volunteer Bat talion of tho Hnmpshiro Regiment, and tho other ns honorary colonel of iho Glasgow VoIuntcorBntnllion Highland Lightlnfnntry. Thu Duko of Connnught as a mnjor-goucral of tiio arms nnd tho Duko of Edinburgh in admiral's uniform wero on either hand of tho Princo of Wales, who woro tho full dress of a British Field Mnrahnl. Thcso three wero luBlily cheered by tho crowd, whoio lmd acclamations wero for a tnomeut stopped ns a horse among tbc escort of Princes was seen to rear nnd fall back with its rider, 'lids was tbo Marquis of Lorno, who luckily escaped uninjured, nnd when ho mouutcd again tho cheers broke out afresh, Then nuothcr interval of pouod was filled by thu brilliant pageantry of Life Guards defiling past. Behind them camo tho most pictu- rescue group of all, an o«cort composed whujly of nntivo officers of tho Indian army, Tho nark bluo umforms of Bengal Cavalry, tho bright scarlet of a Risenldnr of the 18th Bengal Lancers, tho dark green of dm Hyderabad Contingent, tho French groy of tho Madras Cavalry, tho drab of tho Bcloouh Horse, and tho various colours of tinselled "lougccs" formed a britlinut combination of hues. Beforo thiBO had gone by spec tators caught a glimpse of tbo crcnm-coloured horncs, nnd tho tbundrous roar of cheering seemed to shako thu leaves overhead as it rolled from end to end of the long uvrntio It was not a succession of cheers, but one eustnined volume of sound, tho mighty voico of n notion proud In Its loyalty toasovoroigo who for fifty ycara has ruled over tho widis. empire in tho world. No U;man Emperor returning from a enmpnign of conquest ever received a wclconio liko tha', It was an outburst of iieartfolt rejoicing unminglcd with tears, nnd looking at thu faces of tho great multitude, oar Queen saw nothing but Higna of frank and cordial greeting, nor heard ono discordant noto in tho music or (ho grcntcst triumphal march that over accompanied tbo progress of a monarch. If nay doubt of her pcoplo could have kept her from uppcaririg amongst thorn, that doubt must have been dissipated Hko summer mists birforo tho brcczu am) tho sun shine of moruing. For a moment, as tbo sound of many thousand voices broke on her car, sho seemed almost startled by it, and then her face changed to a smile of proud, happy gratification, which seamed to dispel all tnieuB of euro, Tho Princess of Wales aud tho Crown Princess of Prussia wero in the carringo with her AInjcsty, and shared tha welcomo of a loyal people ; hut It was for tho Qucon tbnt thcso luud acclamations woro raised, nnd she evidently fcltdeoply tho meaning of such a tributo from her subjects. The great and joyous chorus never died away for n moment, I. ut rolled on as tho cnvulcado moved. It was taken up by people in distant parts of tho pork, who, though too far off to see their Qucon, wcru stirred by tho magnetic impulse that passes moro quickly than cheers through a crowd. Tho uoldiorn were hardly restrained by discipline from joining in Iho general outburst. Ah her Majesty's enrriago (ircw near Ilydo I'nrk Corner, whore orphan girls of the Guards' Home wore posted on ono tido of iho way, and boyu of tho Duko of Yo.'k's School on tho other, their ehrlll voiccB rose in n high note of triumph that was con tinued iu moro tremulous tones by a hundred nnd sixty Cholsca Pensioner?, whoso weather- beaten (aces, quaint three.cornered hats, and long full-dress contB of scarlet, made pictur esque contrast with the rounded checks and fresh robes of their youthful neighbours. Iu thcBU groups tho gulf of time ficemail bridged, tiidu by side were tho.-e who bad been in tho heyday of youth, whin her Alujcsty was crowned, and tho children of soldiers who had sorved iicr fcnilnotly in the fifty years of her reign. Tjjo aged pensioners under Major Enroley's com- macd rose ns the Queen passed, and tho rnedalo on their hrensta told of bravo deeds douo In campaigns all the world over. Thuro wero Criinor-n medals, with c)asp3 for Alma, Inkcrmao, Balaclava, and Bebaatopol; the Gwalior ribbon, thcbtripcd red aud whito for thu Indian Alutiny, tho red and, yellow of China wars, tho bluo and ret! (or New Zealand, ami blue and orange for tho Kaffir war, tbc red nnd green for Afghan campaigns, nnd tiio red for long service end good conduct, with hero am! i hero tho proudly-cherished bronze cross for valour, The vctciaus stood for a moment rigidly at attention, and then baring tiicir bald heads, burst into a cheer which showed that wounds nnd scars received in their country's causo bnd only served to doupen their loyalty. Beside thu Queen's carriage rodo tbo Duke ot Cambridge with the Field-Marshal's bnton, and n.nny of those old told icrs bnd served under him when lie was only n brigadier in the Crimea. Thoy riid not remember however when ho had carried tbc baton in his knnps.ick. Though the nrch wbcro tho memory of another Field- Marshal was so long burlesqued, tho gorgeous cavalcade moved slowly, and a mightier roar rose from tbc denser throngs, who in hundreds of tboJHinds i-tuod to hall their Sovereign as she passed Eastward The procession passed Hyde Park corner, nlong Picadilly, down Hcgcnt-strcct nml Waterloo Place, along Pali Alall East nnd G'ockspur-strcet, across Trafalgar Kqaare, along tho embankment through Bridge- street and to tho Abbey. All along tho routo the greatest enthusiasm prevailed, and there was n great roar of cheering, a great clatter of anus, a great tramp of horses, a great shifting of the kaleidoscope out in tho square yonder, a wild blaro of trumpets, nml the Queen alighted from tor carringo and moved out of s'ght towards tho solemn scene of thanksgiving iu which ten thousand of her subjects had for hours awaited hor. The brilliant scene In tho Abbey whs slowly built up to a climax, tho umgnificcnco of whioh no art of pen, or pencil, or brush can quite satisfactorily depict, Tho colourist will find bis most vivid hues at fault; tho draughtsman must bewail (ho distressing limitation of IiIb black nnd white, nud it would bailie the greatest master of iauguago to piny upon the emotions of others by his written synib. U as his own were affected by tho moving Higlfis and sounds that struck with bewildering effect upon Ida sonscs. Tho picture was dazzling, nnd too soon dis solved. Tho fifty minutes of iho' sorvico pecmcd to lly ; nnd but for a chnrmlng epi-odo at its conclusion— tbo Qucon Yinffcc- Donate exchnngo of cmbracea with hor family— one could heartily havo regrottcd tho "Amen'' But tho prevailing nud over powering suutimcnt must havo been ouo of satisfaction and delight at having witnessod n flccnu ao worthy of tho great historic ovenfc commemorated. 'I here i? ono spot in tho Abbey t<» which nil eyes nro turned. It Is wh -to the Queen sits iu tho chair in which she was crowned, with tho princes of hor fnmi.y, the kiuys who lmvo como to do hor honour, aud tho pcu/s a.d commoners around her engaging in a solemu ceremouinl, tho very simplicity «,f which inci ruses itu solomnlty, tino pitint thai s: riki.s the mind at onco is, that tins I catt and (oi«: of this nmgniflccut display, tlits lady whoso personality Is present in all minds, i« the men' simply attired of nil ; her simple white l.oniiet being her only u oechsion to tho brighlne-a of the occasion, Amhl tho orgaii-uutes the video of tho Arch- l iriiop of Cauterbi.ry in heard offering up tho prayer composed by him, in which thanks- giving for the pn-t and supplication for tho future are happily blonde t into something which helps us to realise in a reverent spirit i tho significance of tho scono. And now tho grand hurmony of tho " Tu Damn " fills tho old Abbey with a Bound of solemn oxultntlnu. It is the music composed by her do.ui husband to whovo strains the air is throbbing as Queen Victoria stands hero, under Iho shadow of tho Confessor's tomb, the central figure of tho august pageant, tbo llguro frnmud in tho d.zzling "parterre of Princes." Her Empire is celebrating the festival of her golden wedding to the crown of realms on which tho sun never Bets ; her peoples nbound with ioy from Calgary to Knndy, from IlokUika to Bltnla. And she — Is joy tho emotion that swells the heart of this Sovereign Lady, the oynoauro of an Empire's lovo nnd loyalty.' The quivering lip and moist oyc betray the struggle of other emotions. Tho present, indeed, must havo for her n grateful if solemn brightness ; but away beyond tho present— between this Juno noontldo and that June morning fifty years ago when with slippered feet on tho very throshold of her reign tho girl-Queen knelt In prayer with tho old archbishop— wl at long drawn aisles of memories 1 Truo, in this grcnt nssamblago there are thoso among her subjects whoso recollections stretch over, nnd pcrhapB further buck than, her half- century of rulo It may be tbnt in this great throng sits tho vciicrablo Lord Albormarlo, who carried tho colors of Ids regiment through tho loog bloody day of Waterloo. Still stalwart in bis green old ago, down there in tho navo ia Neville Chamberlain, who took the earliest of his countless wounds in the first Afghan war, his last iu the desperate rush on tho Orag picket in tho Umbcyln campaign. Ilard by Chamberlain Is Lord Napier of Matrdaln, tho record of whoso sorviee Is n compendium of our Indian warfare for nigh half a century, .Mr. Gladstone hud held office under Qucon Victoria's predecessor. But tho memories of Chumljcrlniu nnd of Nnplcr are circumscribed — thoy but cover battles, inarches, slego operations, assaults ; they are exclusively military recollection?. Of a wider range nro tho memories of the venerable statesman, yot they, tou, havo their limits, The recollections of the " Old Parliamentary Hand " nro of political triumps mid defeats, of great speech, of memorable reforms, of brilliant Budgets, of passionate expostulations. But far wider — uniquoly wide indeed — is tho range of memories amassed iu thu Qucon, who to-day, in virtue of a reign of fifty yoars, is tho doyenne of tho Sovcrcignhood of tho world. The strand of hor long reign is strown with the fragnn-nts of dyiinstio shipwrecks, In which have perished Boreroigns who have been her guests, nnd whoso guests she bns been. Within her shoreB rcposo tho ashes of two successive rulers of Franco, whose salt she has eaten and who hnd eaten of her salt whilu as yet the HtrokeB had not fnllcn that hurled them dethroned to tbo refuge of tho forlorn behind the Whito OUffs. She has known thrco Kiiueesdvc generations of Czars. Among the illustrious exiles hIiq has entertained has been ho who Is now tho most puissant monarch of Continental Europe, Kaiser Wilhehn of Gormnny. Victoria stands hero to-day thu monument, so to speak, of lierowu reign. Little wonder that her lip quivers, and that thu shudows lie ou her face I Tho Bolemn ceremony of which sho is tho central liguro is for hor a Walhalla peopled hy the ghosts of illus trious dead, who iu their lives hero up her hands that they should not fall. Tha . Abbey holds no memorial of her earliest First Minister— hu whom bIio has character ised as "a most loyal and devoted Alentor to his young Sovereign," But under its roof are tho monuments of I'cel— the spot of whoso fatal accident she na«scd on her way hither— of Russell tho ltoformor ; of Palmcrstou, whom tho notion feared ; of the amiable Abordccn ; of Lord Beacons- llold, whom his Sovereign delighted to honour above nil other men. Not here, but in another fano with thu " greatest sailor since our world began, " Res " tho foremost captain of his time," tho "states- man-warrior,'' whom his Queen so loved and revered that she gavej his namo to one of her hods. But down In tho navo yonder nro tho monuments of dend leaders who, in lifo, twined the laurels of victory round her nrras —the chivalrous Outrnm, " the modern liaynrd " ; tho noble and pious Uavelock, tho staunch veteran Clyde, Herbert EtlwardcB who made hlmsolf illustrious whilo yob n subaltern. Alonumcnts, too of otbors who " helped to keep our. noble England whole," of John Lawrence, thoHavlourof tho L'unjaub ; of Lord Canning, who in tho worst days of the great Mutiny never lost his head, novor yielded to tho counsels of panlc-stung re venge or ferocious folly ; ot the " Groat Kltci," whom no Muscovite wilo could deceive. And down there, ou her left, nro memorial stones on which are graven names whose genhw, buried with them, lmvo shed a lustre on her reign — Macaulny, Dickens, Thackeray, nnd Lytton — Charles Klngslcy also, and Arthur, . Stanley, nml his wife of beautiful nature whem their queen loved nnd mourned, Nor alone therefore is it because tho great light of her life lam gone out, but beenusc, too, the coimtlos le.-ser lights arc extinguished that contributed to irradiate tho loug past of her reign— therefore is it, nnd naturally so, thnt the inevitable sadness lies on the face of this Sovereign lady, while her pcoplo arc acclaim- ing the Jubilee diy of her beneficent reign. A more touching moment even than that of tho To JJcum was that in which Dr. Bridge's anthem was sung, introducing tho words which thu Prince Consort set to his chorale "Goth'i," "Because thy God loved Israel, therefore tnndo lie thee King to do judgment nnd jujt'lcc." Thesolos were aplondidlyBung by Messrs. Hilton and Kcartnn, and tbo con gregation could not fall to bo thrilled with Hie manner in which thu Nntionnl Anthem was introduced Into Mr. Bridge's composition of tho unthem. The Archbishop of Canter bury in his Thanksgiving nnd I'rnyers for the Queen could not restrain ia bis voice tho touch - of trcmulousncss which was suited to tho emotions of tbo day. After the blowing, slow, sustained, aud impres.dvo "Aniens" had a happy and soothing effect on minds stirred by tbes omotions, and not moro conspicuously on any mind than on that of tbo Queen herself. Descending from the throne flho turned a bright faco lo bcrfious, and iwtboy advanced ono by ono to kiss her band, heartily saluted them on tbo check in return. The greetings to tho Prince of Wales and tho Crown I'nnco wero especially affectionate, the Queen deter mining for the moment, to the joy o£ all onlookers, to forget the Queen Iu the mother. "When bIio had seemingly kissed all the Princes, she turned to the other side of tho throne, and embraced iu like manner tbo Princesses. A double saluto was most licnrlily bestowed on tbc Princess lloynl and the Princess of Wales, and the others in turn were greeted with ovcry sign of nffcction, until stayed by momentary fatigue. But then, turning ngnin to the Princes, slio once more lovingly embraced the Crown Prince and tho Grand Duko of Hesse. To tho Re- ccsslorinl March of "Athalic" tbo procession returned smiling and happy to tbc sunny reception' without. 