" Our Protestant Catholic Church: her dangers and duties.". On Monday evening a large audience of ladies and gentlemen assembled in the hall of the Mait- land Sehool of Arts, to hear a lectuie by the Rev Mervyn Archdall, M A , of Balmain, on the above subject Dr R J Pieiee occupied the chair Ihe Ciimpman said while he was pleased to pie side at that large, respectable, and repiesentative g ithering of members of the Church of England and otVeio, and to knew that there was such a hearty feeling of inbcrv.at in the subject of the lectunr, they must understand clearly that he took the o1 air, not as May ii of West Maitland, but as Di Pieiee He would in no ciicuinatancea allow any one to think that as Mayor of Weat Maitland he wculd pieside at such a meeting He was simply t'ere as their old fi tend Dr Pierce (Hear, hear) "ho lectuier would now offer prayer Aftei piaycr, the Ghanaian intioducod the Rev Melvyn Archdall, who was received with applause Mr Vacurall said "Our Protestant Catholic Chinch ita dangers and duties" is the subject of winch I have to speak buefly this evening DEFINITION OP I ROTF5TANTISM Pioteftantism is the rocoveied "faith once for all delivered to the saints " Romanism -as I understand it I do not moan to express more than my mdiv ldual conviction I only speak my conviction honestly and in love-Romanism is the accietion and accumulation of heathen and Jewish errol from which the faith has been îecovered lo piotesb is to declaie publicly-it may be for or against a proposition In a world of sin and ei roi Catholicity must ovei bo protestant It must for ever bear testimony for the tiuth, and therefore against error When we speak of our- selves as Protestants, I tako it that we do not merely use a negative title Neveithcless, if it weie negative, we have no cause to be ashamed of it, any moie than wo have to be ashamed of the word militant, one of the holiest titles of ¿he Church But theologically understood, Piotestan tism includes the positiv e truths of the Reforma tion It is Catholicism viewed as distinct from Romanism DISTINCTION BETWEEN PROTESTANTISM AND ROMANISM. The ultimate and essential distinction, on which every subordinate distinction and doctrine in Protestantism and Romanism will bo found closely and logically to depend may be roughly summed up in the answer to one question-What is the character of the aocess to God through Christ of the believing and repenting soul P ' Un- conditioned' is the answer of the Church of Eng- land ; ' conditioned' and dependent upon the com- pleteness of the so-called sacrament of penance, is the answer of the Church of Rome. And not only, I would further remark, does the Church of Rome put the priest as a Mediator go-between or inter- mediary between Christ and the sinner, on earth, but the Mother of our Lord is îepresented as a Mediatress (or female Mediator), between the sinner and his Saviour in heaven. Take such passages as those, from The Glories of Mary, by Liguori, a Canonized Saint of the Church of Rome, commended to the faithful. Mary " knows so well how, by her tender and unctuous prayers, to appease the Divine justice, I that God Himself blesses her for it, and as it were, thanks her for having withheld Him from aban- doning and chastising them as they dosorved." ' On this account it was,' says Saint Bernard, ' that the Eternal Father, besides giving us Jesus Christ, our | principal Advocate with Him, was pleased also to ' give us Mary as our Advocate with Jesus Christ.' I' There is no doubt,' the Saint adds, ' that Jesus Christ is the only mediator of justice between men and God; that in virtue of his own merits and I promises, He will and can obtain us pardon and the Divine favours ; but because men acknowledge and fear the Divine Majesty which is in Him as God, for this reason it was necessary to assign us another Advocate to whom we might have recourse with less fear and more confidence, and this Advocate is Mary, than whom we cannot find one more power- ful with His Divine Majesty, or one more merciful towards ourselves.' The Saint says, * Christ is a faithful and powerful Mediator between God and men, but in him men fear the Majesty of God. A mediator, then, was needed with the Mediator Him- self, nor could a more fitting one be found than ^ Mary.' ' O how many,' exclaims the Abbot of Celles, ' who deserve to be condemned by tho justice of the I Son, are saved by the mercy of the mother ; for she is I God's treasure and the treasurer of all gracc3; and thus our salvation depends on her.' " No other | hope but thee is given us, O most pure Virgin. | We are given to theo, and consecrated to thy ser ! vice ; we bear the name of thy servants. O, then, | permit not that Lucifer should drag us to hell. O immaculate Virgin, wo aro under thy protection I and therefore we have recourse to that alone ; and we beseech thee to prevent thy beloved Son, who is irritated by our sins, from abandoning us to the power of the devil. I salute theo, haven of those who are in danger, fountain of grace, mediatress between Go'd and mau." Now in contradistinction to all this, Protestantism teaches that the Father was so willing, nay, so desirous, to forgive us, that \ He gave His Son to die for us in order that He might be able to forgive us in accordance with His (inalienable justice ; that the Son was so desirous of forgiving us that Ho carne to do His Father's will aud to die "the just for the unjust, to bring k us unto God." Neither the Father nor the Son is I prevented from punishing us. But the Father in ' His pitying love provides the atonement by which I Ho is, as He desired to be, able not to punish whilo remaining just. In a word, "grace reigns through righteousness;" and sinners can appeal at once to the justice and to the mercy of Him who is " just and the justifier of him who believes iu Josub." And "there is one God and one Mediator also between God and men, himself man, Christ Jesus, who gave himself a ransom for all; tho testimony" of this sole mediatorship of | grace " to be borne in its own times " (1 Tim. ii., G). ' He is, to uso the language of the Church of Eng | land, "our only Mediator and Advocate." Wo i need no other. As the Church of England says I again, in her Homilies, the authority of which is I assorted in Art. xxxv : " To have a sure and con- stant faith that Christ hath made a full and suffi- cient sacrifice for theo, a perfect cleansing of thy sins, so that thou acknowledgest no other Saviour, Redeemer, Advocate, Intercessor, but Christ only ; I and that thou mayost say with the Apostle that Ho ' loved thee and gave Himself for thee. i this is to make Christ thine own, and to apply His ' merits unto thyself. Herein thou needost no other man's help, no other sacrifice or oblation, no sacri- ficing priest, no mass, no means established by man's invention." Now, this is the very essence of Protestantism, or of the Catholic faith in its anti Roman aspect. On the one side we have human mediators, confessors, intercessors, and sacrificing priests, as necessary intermediaries between the Sinner and tho Saviour. On the other side we have-what ? Christ and Him crucified ; " no sacrificing priest," but simply Christ and "the one oblation of Christ finished upon the cross," "¡once made," "the perfect redemption, propitia- tion and satisfaction, and there is none other satis- faction for sin but that alone." THE CHARACTER OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. And now, havingthus briefly spoken of Protestant- ism and Romanism-and Romanism is the same whether in the Roman Catholic Church or in the wrong place in the Church of England-I go to prove that the Church of England is truly Catholic, because Protestant. "It may," said the present Bishop of Rochester in 1877, "bo perfectly true that the word ' Protestant' does not occur in our authorised formularies, but it is equally true that the word 'Trinity' does not occur in Holy Scrip- ture j yet I never heard of an English Churchman objecting on that account to the doctrine it implies and declares. That the English Church is a re- formed Church is simply a matter of history, That she is * Protestant' in the attitude she assumes towards the Roman Church is, I conceive, indisput- able. If she does not still protest against the doctrinal errors of that Church, her existence as a separate communion is an inexplicable and gra- tuitous schism. But I say she does, and her articles I aro an evidence of it. Of the thirty-nine articles, I no less than seventeen are directly or indirectly in I controversy with Roman error, and so long as the I clergy and laity of the Church of England accept the substance of the articles, just so long do they protest against the errorg they expose." Accord- ingly, a by-name for the thirty-nine articles by the i ' anti-ProtcBtants in the Church of England is " the forty stripes save one." SUE XS raOTESTAKT. J Nay, it would appear that they cannot ques- tion the Protestantism of the Church of England I without being led to recognise the teaching oí the I uViuian Missal as not inconsistent with that of the English Church j thus reducing their position to an absurdity. For an example, a writer in the Church Quarterly Review in January, 1878, states that the religion embodied in the Roman " Breviary" and " Missal" as distinct from popular Roman Catholi- cism, docs not " vary very essentially from that set forth by the English Book of Common Trayer," and speaks of " the comparatively pure religion of the Breviary and Missal." Now, such language com- pletely justifies the charge of Romanising. In answer to this «charge the usual plea has been that, although restoring certain ancient usages, which are claimed only as being English, the character- istic corruptions of the Reman Catholic Church are utterly repudiated. But if there bo one corruption of that Church more characteristic than any other, it is that of the sacrifice of the Mass. Around the Mass the final struggle of the Reformation centred, and the acceptance or rejection of the Roman doctrine on this point, with all it involves, was the ultimate test by which submission to the Roman claims was determined. There is no point on which tho Church of England has denounced in stronger terms the teaching of Roman Catholicism. The Thirty-first Article declares that * tho Sacrifices of Masses, in which it was commonly said that the Priests did offer Christ for the quick and the dead, to have remission of pain or guilt, were blas- phemous fables and dangerous deceits.' Such is the manner in which the English Church speaks of the services authorised by the Missal. There is no mincing matters. It is just as well that there should not be. Love is always honest and outspoken. So long as love rules in our hearts, and our words are without bitterness, wo should never hesitate to speak our real convictions. It soems to me that if wo remain Catholic, we must abide by the declaration of our Church in these matters-that the Church of Rome has erred in matters of faith, in vital points. For how other- wise can we justify the great division which has been called into existence by the Reformation. SHE IS CATHOLIC BECAUSE PROTESTANT. Next I observe that both ecclesiastical and civil schism is involved in the denial of the Protestant- ism of the Church of England j and therefore, in thi3 respect again, she is only truly Catholic be- cause Protestant. " It is"-observes Professor Salmon, in a paper on ' The Schismatical Tendency of Ritualism,' published in a series of essays en- titled Principles at Stake-"historically certain that about three hundred years ago a separation and breach of communion took place between the English Church and those who acknowledged obe- dience to the Bishop of Rome. Since that time the teaching of the Church of Rome has been con- demned in the strongest language, not only in the writings of all the leading English divines, but also in the authorised formularies of the church itself. Thus some of the Roman doctrines and practices are spoken of in the English formularies as ' fond things vainly invented,' as ' what cannot be taught without arrogance and impiety,' as I' idolatry to be abhorred of all faithful Christians,' as ' blasphemous fables and dangerous deceits.' If our reformers used such language as this, it was because they did not think lightly of the evils of schism ; they know and deeply Tegretted the evil which must ensue from the breach of unity between Christian nations, and they chose to incur this evil because the only alternative was submission to what, in their judgment, could not be acquiesced in without sin. It would be no justification to our reformers if it could be shown that they were right in the matters in dispute between thom and the Roman Catholic Divines, unless it could be shown that the questions in debato were of vital I importance." lu a word, an assertion of the Pro- testant character of the Church of England appears indispensable, if her truly Catholic position is to be maintained. If she was right in her uncompromis- ing protest against the errors which prevailed, not merely in the vulgar practices of the day, but in the formal determinations of the Council of Trent, she is then not responsible for the separation which was occasioned by that protest. '" But," as Dr. Salmon adds, "if she is ashamed of her protest now, and is forced to withdraw it, and to own that it was made without sufficient cause, then, in ceas- ing to be Protestant, it is to be feared she ceases to bo Catholic too. She remains then responsible for the great schism of the last three hundred years." The Church of England, however, just because sho claims to be not one of many socts, but ' the Church of England,' claims to be free from the sin of schism in relation to Rome. She is Catholic becauso Protestant. SUE IS PROTESTANT BY LAW. And not only is she Protestant as a matter of fact. The term Protestant has been adopted by her. The whole Convocation signed and presented an address to King William the Third, agreed upon by both Houses, in 1G89, which speaks of ' the establishment of the Church of England, whereby we doubt not tho interest of the Protestant religion in all other Protestant Churches, which is dear to us, will be better secured.' Hare I may remark that in a pamphlet by Homersham Cox, M.A., the sub- stance of which I have seen reproduced in one of the Sydney papers, it is said that the Church of England, or as in a later edition, the Lower House of Convocation, deliberately repudiated the term Protestant in 1G89. It was not, however, the term Protestant but the words "religion in general" attached to it which excited the Lower House of Convocation, strenuously opposed as it was to King William's scheme of comprehension for the Pro- testant Dissenters in England. They resolved " that instead of the Protestant religion they would rather say Protestant Churches," because this expression was understood to include the established Churches of tho Reformation and to exclude the Dissenters. This fact any one can verify by looking at the original and the amended addresses in Cardwell's Synodalia. The expression of Protestantism was in fact stronger in the amended address. Tho words wore, as already given : " The interest of the Protestant religion in all other Protestant Churches, which is dear to us." In 1701 the first Synodical act of a new Convoca- tion of the Province of Canterbury was an Address to the King by the Archbishop at the head of the Bishops and clergy, in which we read of " preser- ving the Protestant Religion both hore in this Church of England by law established and in all other Protestant churches." In 1717, wo have an unanimous address from the Lords, thus expressing the voice of. tho Episcopate of the Church of England, in which it is said that the Church of England "always has been the chief of Protestant, Churches." At the Coronation of our Sovereigns, the Archbishop of Canterbury, representing the National Church, exacts an oath from them, one of the Articles of which is as follows : " Will you to the utmost of your povvera maintain the laws of God, the true principles of the Gospel, and the Pro- testant Reformed Religion established by law ?" It is thus " this Church and Realm hath received" " the doatrine and Sacraments and the discipline of Christ." And every Priest of our Church ordained in England promises at his ordination to receive the same as "this Church and Realm hath" done. That is, the Protestant Reformed Religion estab- lished by law. And yet some of those gentlemen, when they get their orders, keep forever spouting that the Church of England has nothing to do with the word Protestant and that it should bo scouted by all respectable persons. I fail to understand the con- sistency of such mon. When the union with Scotland was being negotiated and the Presbyterian Church in Scotland was called the " true Protestant Religion," ths Archbishop of Canterbury intro- duced an Act for securing the Church of England, in which we find the words, " the truo Protestant religion, professed and established in the Church of England." A century afterwards the union with Ireland was effected. The Act declares " that the (jaurches ot üngiana ana ireiana as now by law established be united in one Protestant Episcopal Church." Later still in 1829, when the Emancipar tion Act was passed, the Church of England is designated as tho " Protestant Episcopal Church." Protestantism is thus a fundamental compact of the Constitution, by which the Church has secured certain rights and contracted certain obligations. If not Protestant she has broken the compact, for- feited her rights, been untrue to her obligations. But if her Convocation bo wrong ¡ if her ministers who have reeeived the doctrine and discipline of Christ as the realm has received them, that is, as " the Protestant Reformed Religion," be wrong ; if she has been false to her obligations to the State -all of which is involved in the denial of her Protestantism-then to the ecclesiastical schism between the Church of England and the Church of Rome, we must add a civil schism between the English Church and the English nation. For it is not simply a matter of history that at the time of the Reformation Europe was rent into two camps, and that the grand division of of principle between Romanist and Protestant occasioned nearly two centuries of iuternecine I war ? In fact, to this day the struggle con- tinues between the Romanist and Protestant nations. And on which side has England been ? The most conspicuous and proudest facts of her history for the last throe centuries reply on the Protestant side. It was Elizabeth's supremo merit, amidst whatever doubts or weaknesses, to choose, and to choose decisively, one side in the contest, and that the Protestant side ; and the story of the Spanish Armada marks the crisis at which England was finally recognised as the head of tho Protestant nations of Europe. Even through tho Stuart times Wio4Protestant connection which liad been estab- lished by Elizabeth was too strong to be broken ; and Charles the Second, in order to regain his crown, found it necessary to pledge himself, in the most unreserved language, to the support of tho Protestant religion. His successor forfeited his throne in consequence of his abjuration of Protest- antism ¡ and the revolution of 1688 supplanted the direct heirs to the crown in favour of Protestant princes, springing from the dynasties of Protestant Holland and Protestant Hanover successively. At the present moment her Majesty holds her crown by a statutory title, which prescribes that the sovereigns of England must be descended from the Protestant branch of the royal family; and every monarch, in tho Coronation Servico, is pledged to maintain 'the Protestant Raformed Religion established by La-*».' In a word, the history of England, from the time when the division between Protestantism and Roman Catho- licism was finally established, has been united with that of Protestantism and of the Protestant nations. Aro our anti-protestants prtjiarcd to maintain that the English Church has, ever since tho Reforma- tion, been in antagonism to the English people, that is has repudiated the religious principles to which the nation has proved itself enthusiastically attached, and that it reprobates the cause which England has done more than any country to uphold ? So far as in them lies such persons would divest our sympathies from the most characteristic and most glorious part of the history of England, and would set the English Church in opposition to the main current of English life ; they would make her a narrow sect instead of a great national branch of the Catholic Church. But in vain! The Church of England is Catholic because Protestant, It is the rinsings of unreason to ask you to believe that England is not a Protestant country. If England be not Protestant and tho Church of England be not Protestant, then I say you add to the ecclesiastical schism between the Church and Rome a civil 6chism between the Church of England and the nation. Woe bo the day when the Church and the nation are severed one from the other, when they fail to realise that they are bound up each with the other. The Protestant Catholic character of the Church of England is illustrated I by her doctrine as to the Christian Ministry, and ¡ by her relation to the other reformed churches. ' APOSTOLICAL SUCCESSION A KOMISH ERROR. You know that the theory of the Church of Rome is briefly this. A number of members of our Sydney Synod applauded me to the echo when I mentioned it -applauded flat Romanism-"No bishop, no priest j no priest, no sacrament ; no sacrament, no church." There it is, as neat as you like. I want to know if our episcopal church is bound up with that theory. It involves the Roman doctrine of apos- tolical succession. You will find it if you turn up Hymns Ancient and Modem : " His twelve Apostles first Christ made His Ministers of grace," which of course came mediately through them. " And they their hands on others laid, to fill in turn their place," as tho intennodiaries through whom the grace passed from Christ to His church. " So age by age and year by year, His grace was handed on" mediately by those in whom as His necessary intermediaries Christ continually manifests Himself. Thus, in an external legal way a guarantee of Christianity is provided. "And still the holy church ia here, although her Lord is gone," because the " Ministers of Grace," through whom as intermediaries, as indispensable channels, the Grace of the Lord flows into the church, have I filled in turn the places of the Apostles, who were tho first intermediaries. And by the unbroken suc- cession of these intermediaries, the grace by which the church lives was handed on. All depends upon this unbroken succession. Such is the teaching of Rome. The ideal Roman Catholic Bishop is the sole, the exclusivo channel of the grace or ordor. No Bishop, no priest j no priest, no sacrament ¡ no sacra- ment, no church. Not a link can by any possibility bo wanting in this chain without the destruction of the whole. Romanism absolutely requires au un- broken succession of intermediary Ministers of grace for the existence of the church. It is utterly inconceivable that Romanibm should ever, under I any possible circumstances, consent on theological grounds, to allow the functions of the priesthood to be performed by persons out of this apostolical, episcopal succession ot intermediaries. But this is not the teaching nor the requirement of tho Church of England, Hear Art. xxiii., " Of ministering in tho congregation :" " It is not lawful for any man to take upon him the office of public preaching or ministering in the congregation, before he be law- fully called and sent to executo tho same. And those we ought to judge lawfully called and sent, which be chosen and called to this work by men who have public authority given unto them in the congregation, to call and send labourera into tho Lord's vineyard." Is this an assertion of the absolute necessity of an apostolical, episcopal succession of ministers of grace-of grace upon the handing on of which by these ministers the very existence of the church depends? No, it is not. First listen to Booker, the great champion of the Church of England's polity. "The-y whom the whole church hath from the beginning used as her agents in conferring this power"-he is speaking ot the power, that is of the authority of ordor-" are not either one or more of tho laity, and therefore it bath not boen heard of that ever any such were allowed to ordain ministers ; only persons ecclosi astical, and they, in place of calling^ superiors both unto deacons and unto presbyters; only such persons ecclesiastical have been authorized to ordain both, and to give them the power of order, in the name of the whole church. Such were the Ajiostles, such was Timothy, such was Titus, such are bishops. Not that there is between these no difference, but that they all agree in pre- eminence of place above both presbyters and deacons, whom they otherwiso might not ordain. Now whereas hereupon some do infer, that no ordination can stand but only such as is mado by bishops, which have had their ordination likewise byothor bishops before them, till we come to the very Apostles of Christthemselves: to this we answer, that there may be sometimes very just and sufficient reason [I hope yomr breath will not be taken away] to allow ordin- ation to be made without a bishop. The whole church visibla being the true original subject of all | power, it had not ordinarily allowed any other than bishops alone to ordain : howbeit, as the ordinary course is ordinarily in all things to bo observed, so it may be in some cases not unnecessary that we decline from the ordinary ways. Men may be ex- traordinarily, yet allowably, two ways admitted into spiritual functions in the church. One is when (Sod doth ratify their calling by manifest signs and tokens from heaven. Another extraordinary kind of vocation is, when the exigence of necessity doth constrain to leave the usual ways of the church, which otherwiso wo would willingly keep : where the church must needs have some ordained, and neither hath nor can have possibly a bishop to ordain ; in case of such necessity, tho ordinary institution of God hath given often times, and may give place. And therefore we are not simply without exception to urge a lineal descent of power from the Apostles by continued succession of bishops in avery effectual ordination. These cases of in- evitable necessity excepted, none may ordain but only bishops : by the imposition of their hands it is that the church giveth power of order, both unto presbyters and deacons." Observe it is, according to Hooker, the Church which gives the power, i.e., the authority of order. Romanists and those who agree in our church with their teaching as to Apos- tolical succession, contend that the Apostles were a distinct source of authority from the Church, and that the authority of order is derived from that sonrco. They affirm that when, as recorded in St. John xx, 19-23, Christ appeared to His disciples, "breathed on them" and said, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost, whosoever sfas ye remit they are re- mitted," Ac, He bestowed an authority upon " His twelve Apostles" as "Ministers of grace," which the Church generally did not possess. And further that when, as recorded in St. Matthew xxviii, 20, He promised to be with them " always even unto the end of the world," this promise implies that His grace was to be " handed on " to others, on whom they were to lay their hands " to fill in turn their place." But it is at once seen that there is no foundation for this elaborate structure, when it is observed that the words of the Lord Jesus on ?"""'". " ' ' ? ' "^ these occasions wore not spoken to the " Apostles alone." From St. Luke xxiv, the parallel passage, it is clear that the words of Christ were addressed, not only to Apostles, but that "the disciples" (St. John xx-19) to whom they were spoken, in- cluded "the eleven, and them that were with them " on that occasion. And similarly from the fact mentioned in St. Matt, xxiii-17, that " some doubted," it has boon generally concluded, that there were others besides " the cloven " present, and in fact it is generally supposed that this was tho occasion on which Christ appeared to the " 500 brethren at once," mentioned by St. Paul in 1 Cor. xv. The very lauguago of tho passage, as Dean Alford observes, proves that the command and promise which it contains were given to the Church a ¿a whole. When tho Lord says " teaching them to observe whatsoever I have commanded you," and "Lo, I am with you," Ho implies that "they" when taught become "you." Tho very reason why there wore " twelve Apostles " was to repre- sent the Messianic nation, so that the Apostles are not to be regarded as a source of authority distinct from the Church, but aro rather to be looked upon as being the Church in its official capacity, and it was they whom, as Hooker says, " the Church used as her agents in conferring the power" or . authority of order. Thoy gave " the power of order in the name of the whole church." And that Hooker in this matter faithfully reflects the teach- ing of our church is proved by the form of absolu- tion in the " Visitation of the Sick," in which it is said that " Our Lord Jesus Christ hath loft authority to His Church to absolve," and then the minuter, as the representative and agont of the church, pro- ceeds to exercise in the church's name the authority committed unto him as such. There is no divine necessity for the preaching of the Gospel or the ministration of the sacraments to bo performed by ministers m order that they may be valid. Accord- ing to the testimony of,tho Acts, in apostolic days members of tho church who had not been specially set apart for such work yet preached. In au ages baptism in eases of emergency could bo validly administered by persons who had no official position in the church. And we read in i. Cor., x, 16-17 " The cup of blobsing which we bless is it not the communion of the blood of Christ. The bread which we break is it not the communion of the body of Christ. For we being many are one bread, one body, for we are all partakers of that one bread." Hore, as Alford truly remarks, the " we" is the same throughout. And tho blessing of the cup and the breaking of the bread is the act of the whole Church, performed naturally by her agent«. But the performance of such duties by her minis- ters, for decency and order, by the appointment of the Church (which is mediately by the appointment of Christ) is one thing, and tho assertion of an absolute divine necessity for their performance by any one set of men, is another and a very different thing, of which neither scripture nor our Church knows anything. If once we grasp that truth, andL work it out, we shall bo saved from the priestcraft which would enslave 113 and our children. I havo now sufficiently proved to you that the Church of England is truly Protestant, and has been amongst the great loaders of Protestantism. And now I ask THE DANQERS OF THE CHURCH, To what dangers is she exposed ? I answer, apart from practical godlossneRS and indifference, chiefly theso-Romanism, nationalism, and separatism. Romanism is the first danger, and I do not care whether it is in its proper or improper place. The principle of Romanism is the same wherever your have it. It is a system which brings in mediators and go-betweens between Christ and men, and must be opposed even to the very death. Is it true that wo are in any danger from this system of Romanism ? If I were to say yes, perhaps my testimony would be set at nought, by a plentiful use of such epithets ae low. Therefore I will givo you the testimony of the cautious and critical rulers of the Church. Dr. Longley, Archbishop of Canterbury, wrote, in his posthumous charge, of "that section of our Church," " that somo of its jjrofessed members yea even of her ministers, think themselves at liberty to hold the doctrines of the Church of Rome in relation to the sacrifice of the Mass, and ¡\ yet retain their position within the palo of (¿. the Anglican Church with the avowed purpose ^ of eliminating from its formularies every trace . of the Reformation, as regards its protest against Romish error. Tho language which they hold with respect to it is entirely incom- patible with loyalty to the church to which they profess to bolong. They call it 'a Communion deeply tainted with Protestant heresy' j ' Our duty,' they say, * is the expulsion of the evil, not flight from it.' It is no want of charity, therefore, to declare that they romain with us in order that they may substitute the Mass for tho Communion ; tho obvious aim of our Reformers having been to substitute the Communion for the Mass." Dr. Tait, late Archbishop of Canterbury, addressing the Upper House of Convocation, said : " No admiration of any points in their character ought, I Finnic, to maka us hesitate whatever may be the difficulties, to do whatever may appear to be our duty in the endeavour to counteract what I believe to be, and am obliged to call a conspiracy in our body against the doctrines, the tliscipline, and the practice of our Reformed Church." And in conjunction with the present Archbishop of York, tho late Primate, in replying to a memorial of 60,000 lay mem- bers of the Clnireh of England, said: "There can be no doubt that the danger you apprehend of a considerable minority both of clorgy and laity amongst us desiring to subvert the principles o£ the Reformation is real. . . . We feel justified in appealing to all reasonable men to consider whether the very existence of our national institu- tions for the maintenance of religion is not im- perilled by tho evils of which you complain. And " that which thus " imperilled" " the very existence of our national institutions" was designated by Dr. Waldegrave, Bishop of Carlisle, as "an organised combination;" by Dr. Ollivant, Bishop of Llandaff, "a Homeward movement, and a very rapid movement ;" and by the present Bishop of Bath and Wells " a deliberate conspiracy to bring back tho Church of England to communion with and obedience to the Pope of Romo." "No one," says Dr. Magee, the.Bishop of Peterborough, "can deny-the most advancod members of the party do not themselves dare to deny-that it is, in its latest development, marked by a close and even servile imitation of all the minutest details of Roman Catholic ceremonials j a hankering after Romish theology, and Romish forms of private devotion ; an almost childish affection of all the most Romish modes of thought and forms of expres- sion." There is a breezy vigour about Bishop Wil borforce's short sentence ? " I hate and abbor the attempt to Romanize the Church of England." Thero is a coolness of calculation about the utter- ances on this subject of Dr. Thirlwell, the late Bishop of St. David's. " The Tractarian-Ritualistie ' party havo introduced innovations, avowodly_ for the sake of their doctrinal significance, and with a most distinct and deliberate "design, which is no other than that of transforming the character of our Church until it becomes ripe for union with Rome. Those who do not at present contemplate thiB Btep, would do something worse. Thoy would inflict on us all the evils of a thorough adhesion to all Roman doctrines-except perhaps the Papal Infallibility, as to which Orby Shipley (ho has since gone to his proper place) seems to be still hesitating- with- out any of the social advantages which might result from the union." Truly might Dr. Thirl- well speak of "the attachment" of "the great majority of the House of Commons" to the Church l " on the condition of its remaining a Protestant Church." In the Synod at Sydney in my innocenc» I called the Church the Protestant Catholic Church. Some gentlemen set up a derisive laughter wifli intent to sit upon me by that laugh. I then gave this lecture. And since then these gentlemen have listened to our noble Puníate and our learned Chief Justice use the same expression. They cannot put them down with laughter. But if it is to remain a Protestant Church mon of all shades of churchman ship must be prepared to, in some measure, follow the example of the High Church Dean of Chichester, Dr. Burgon, whose churchmanship, lie says, ha "derived traditionally, forty years ago, from those who were then accounted churchmen of the loftiest type." Wo must all of us as churchmen-not as high or low or broad, quite apart from party-disown for ourselves and for our mother Church, all sym- pathy with Ritualism. "The self-styled 'Ritualisti« i party of these days," says Dean Burgon in his letter to Canon Gregory, " is a purely Sectarian body. They might reasonably claim to be designated as ' Congregational Christians.' The men talk, reason, act, like Separatists. They would havo been dis- owned by 'churchmen' of every age and every school-I may add, and of every clime-from the beginning until now. And it may not be pretended that the preceding is an exceptional utterance, or that it exhibits a prejudiced view of the case." I - proceed to remind you of what were the very latfj wordB publicly spoken by the greatest of modern Prelates, Bishop Wilberforce- whom no one ever yet suspected of Puritanical narrowness, or accused of want of sympathy with those of his clergy who had rushed to the opposite extreme. Only four days before his lamented death, addressing the rural deans of his diocese at Winchester House (july 15, 1873),-after calling attention to tha 'growing desire' in certain quarters " to introduce novelties such as incense, a multitude of lights in the chancel, and so on,'-Bishop AVilberforcc, and ho was no'low Churchman, said,-" ' Now these, and such things as these, are honestly and truly alien to the Church of England. Do not hesitate to teach them as »ich. All this appears to me to indicate a fidgety anxiety to make everything in our churches assimi- late to a foreign usage. There is a growing feeling, which I can only describe as an 'ashamednoss' of the Anglican Church ; as if our grand old Anglican communion contrasted unfavourably with the .Church of Rome. The habitual language held by many men sounds as if they were ashamed of our church and its position. It is a sort of apology for the Church of England, as compared with the Church of Rome. Why, I should a3 soon think of apologising for the virtue of my mother to a harlot ! I have no sympathy in the world with such a feeling. I abhor this fidgety desire to make everything un-Anglican. This is not a grand development as some seem to think. It is a decrepitude. It is not something very sublime and impressive, but some- thing very fe<;blc and contemptible.' " " Yes, it is fomething ' very feohle and contemptible,' indeed. Jut, in tact, it is worse than that, or we could afford to pass it by in silence, with pity or with contempt. It is treasonable as well." If the treason succeeds the Church must suffer. Whatever tho Church of. Rome has been she will be again. That was the reason why I felt constrained ,tp accept the invitation to deliver this lecture. A Sifcond dair*er -po the church is rationalism. Roman ishi and Rationalism aro twin sisters. Men try to . satisfy their consciences either by attention to external ceremonies, or by denying the obligations which rest upon the conscience, and depending on the pride of intolloct to save themselves. Roman- ism and Rationalism' work together. Rationalism is the presumption of the creature respecting the saving power of all that he knows. Ho forgets that not to create and produce but to receive is the province of man. The only trutmnac can satisfy the soul of man is that Jesus is the Eternal Son of God, who humbled himself to _ death for us, and thus became the revelation of the Father's love. A third danger is separatism. I speak earnestly and honestly. We pray to be delivered from schism. That is .from needless division and separation, and from the dividing and separating spirit which is ever splitting off from the church some new sect with its new error, or its broken and distorted fragment of truth, sure to develop itself into some imperfect or distorted form of spiritual life. There are men amongst us whose churchmanship ia not the settled ?0nviction of their understandings, and the strong love of their hearts, but merely the accident of their birth or the habit of their lives. They go where they " like," or " prefer," not where they are per- suaded 'God would have them go. In fact they never consult Him cr His will on the subject. They please themselves and say it makes no difference. They are of course wheat in the Master's field, and because they find the enemy has sown tares they will root up, if not the "tares, at least themselves, the wheat. They aro narrow and unsympathetic and impatient ; they would form their church into a club, from which all whom they may object to may be excluded. They hold the notion that so so long as individuals possess the inward and spiritual unity of the Spirit, the outward disunion of communities is a matter of indifference if not an advantage. The notion that such separation is not schism, provided only that those so separated "agree in essentials"-that is to say that separation is justifiable precisely in the degree in which it is causeless, and that the less men differ tho better right they have to break the peace of Christendom ; the notion that provided only wo love Christ it matters nothing what body of Christians we belong to, or whether we belong to any-that is to èay, that provided we love Christ, it matters not whether wo obey or disobey His commandment-obeying those who by His ap- pointment have tho rule over us, and watch for our souls as those who must give an account to Him. These are our dangers-Romaniai.i, ra- tionalism, and separatism. THE DUTIES OP CHURCHMEN. Now, what aro our duties ? To recognise our dan- gers, and to act unitedly for tho repression by every constitutional meauB of the evils which most threaten us. Takefor example the danger of Romanism. We want to have our eyes opened to its reality. What is the good of our being led blind-fold off to Rome. Let us wake up, clergy and laity alike. Wo shall be told that we aro exercising episcopal functions. Woll, we are all bound to provoke one another to love and good works, to watch and pray. Yes, God grant us grace to speak and act with authority. We are all partners in the concorn. We must get rid of the notion that the clergy are the church. The clergy and laity make the chrrch. It rests with the laity to show that they aro in earnest. It was said in the Sydney Synod that the bugbear of Ritualism was a Kiama Ghost. I wish it were. It is no such thing. The devil wants to persuade you that it is so ; and, before you ara aware, your liberty will be taken away, your bondage will be effected, a slavery will be fastened upon you ; you will be groaning under a burden too' Jiard to bear. What descendants are we of those forefathers of ours who fought and bled for us, if we fold our handB and go to sleep and do nothing, and lot the devil have all his own way. Let the laity be earnest and wide-awake, and unite and keep their heads cool-I am cool enough, though I ara earnest _and their hearts full of love and of the power of Holy Spiiit; and lctthem remember that their duty is awful and solemn. They have an obligation to dis- charge to their brethren. Above all, let their stern watchword be "No peace with Rome!" They must watch and pray and work. They must out- live and outwoik the influences in the Church antagonistic to its well-being. And this means self-sacriflce. Again, if we would effectually op pope the introduction into our midst of, for example, a system of brotherhoods and sisterhoods, our Christian men and women must recognise the fact that they are bouud to work for Christ and the Church and humanity on a much larger scale than at present. District visitors in our large towns are little moro than a name. And how few clergy there are who can count upon a loyal follow- ing, a simultaneous movement, a corporate action On the part of his godly people ! No ! One thinks this ; the other prefers that ; they turn every one to his own way. And the minister finds himself a leader without a following, ' a geneial without an army, a ruler without any to obey him. Oh ! we do not let the love of Christ constrain ub as it should to loving obedience and self-restraining reverence for the Lord's appointments and institutions. Therefore I say outlive these innovators in the Church, outwork thom. Show the influence of the pure gospel of Christ upon you, show yourselves to be real, genuine whole-hearted Christians. I do not believe in the men and women who aie Chris- tians merely when it suits them tp be so. Chris- tianity means the quelling of natural propensities, union with Christ and His Church, fellowship one Christian with another. If you love the Father in heaven, you must love His children upon earth. So in conclusion I exhort you to labour for reversal of the tide of error which is setting in : .watch, pray, bo instant and energetic in work. Be more utterly Christian than the Ritualist is, and so defeat him. And another thing you must do. Stem the stream of lawlessness which is flowing everywhere. How many parents fail to keep proper control over their children in their homes. Consequently theie is insubordination in the Sunday-school, in the church, everywhere. And if a minister should have the courage of his con- victions, he is made to suffer. Ho must bo sat upon, he must be Btarved out, he must be taught his place, he must be kept well under. Therefore I gay to you-realise the lawlessness that prevails in the family, in the church, in the State. The people must be taught, in the words of tho prayer book that they must submit themselves to their betters, and that their betteis exist. Tom is not as good as his master : there is no such thing as equality : for if Tom were as good as his niaster/how .could there be a master and --* Tom who recognised that relationship. Or course we have no privileged classes here, but we have' to fight against an almost insane feel- ing of rebellion against all rule and order and authority. And we want to get backinto'operation the old standard principles of submission to order, and mould and fashion the rising life about us into «them. Try to teachyour children the duty of sub J jection to father and mother, to minister and teacher, and to the magistrate and the State. Now I leave the subject, and ask y«u to co-operat« in the duties of the church against the dangers that beset her. I rejoice to think that you have formed a branch of the Church Association here. That society is a help to the Bishops, and is finding out the law for thom. You know that we presented a memorial to tho Bishops at the General Synod last year, and they told ua that the act of a clergyman in hiding from sight the breaking of bread in Holy Communion was unlawful, and that it wa3 an essential point of the law of the church that the manual act i should bo seen by the congregation. And if the Bishops do not enforce what they havo declared to be the law, I shall think very much lessof them than I do now. We must keep public opinion alive, and demand that they shall rulo the Church in faithfulness. Lastly, as it is tho Church's duty to watch and pray, and to work with more self sacrifice, solf»rostraint, and submission to God's will as set fprth in His institutions the family, the Church, and the Stato ; so it is her duty to ever and again remind herself and the godless world of the goal to which she and it aro hastening-the coming and kingdom of the Lord Jesus Christ. We must set our hope fully on the grace that is to be brought unto us at the revelation of Jesus Christ, on the salvation ready to bo revealed unto which we are kept by the power of God through faith, while the gathering strength of the forces of sin, of Satan, and anti-Christianity in all its manifold forms, are only ripening for the judg- ments of God and the advent of Him who shall come to establish a civilisation in the world free alike from the simoom of atheism, the withering blast of atheism, and the antagonism and disintegration of selfishness, who shall como to judge the world with righteousness, and the peoples with His truth. _ The lecturer was frequently applauded, and was listened to with marked, attention throughout. On the motion of Mr. Solunq, seconded by Mr. John Lee, a vote of thanks was accorded by ac- clamation to the Rev. Mr. Archdall, who in acknow- ledgment said the most practical thanks would be the purchase and circulation of the lecture in the pamphlet form in which it waa intended to issue tho report. _ A vote of thanks to the Chairman and the bene- diction brought the proceedings to a close. A collection made at the door, for the fund for circu lating the lecture, realised something over ¿25. 