"FREE AMONG THE DEAD." 1 ii- A Navvy's Reminiscence. » - Concluded.) PART II. ' It might have been about three o'clock in the afternoon, just when there was a bit of breathing-time between the races, that I saw two gents, real out-and- out swells, come wnllr. ing along my way, deep in talk. Accidental like, one of then cast his eye upon Monk, who was trotting all around enjoying hisself very much. I8aw the gentleman's face change, and he stopped in his walk and his talk, and calling the attention of his companion to the dog, he said something which I couldn't hear. It was jnst as if he recognized the dog — which sartinly was a dog to be known any where — and the queer part of it was that the cretur seemed to know him too, for when he spoke to it, and gave it a pat, it wagged its bit of a tail, and never so much as gave a ghost of a snarl. ' Shrimpy was soon aware of what was going on, and it would have been contrary to his natnr' to sit still and see what was com ing next. Bein' each a little ninny, he was all of a quiver to show that he was the dog's master like, and so he called out : ' Here, Monk, good dog, come here 1 ' to whioli Monk came, and the gentleman stood still, looking after him. Shrimpy, in his fever to show off, must needs get out his pipe, and another old stump, and say to the dog : Now, let's have a smoke, Monk.' Consequently the dog, obedient to orders, sat op, and let Shrimpy put the pipe between his teeth, and then he looked rorjid as solemn as a judge, and Shrimpy, he looked round grinnin' like a Chesshy eat. He were delighted when he saw the gentleman eome towards him, for that was just what he was shapin' for. How ever, the gentleman didn't look much like en joying a joke, fer his face was exceedin' grave. He spoke np very loud and clear, as if he were afraid Shrimpy were to half-saved to under stand plain English. "'Is that clever dog your own property, my good fellow?' "I'm sorry to say he ain't answered Shrimpy. " « Then will yon tell me how he comes to be with yon ? ' asked the gentleman. it t TTfl'fl frtlfrvnraA mn +V»r» f'rt Virtm why,' says Shrimpy. " ' And yon don't know who he belongs to?' " 1 Oh, yes, I do,' says Shrimpy, quite cheeky like, puffing away at his pipe. " »I Bhould very muoh like you to tell me, says the gentleman. " He spoke most patient, as if be meant to stay, there until he'd heard all Shrimpy could tell him, and very loud, as if he feared Shrimpy was deaf cs well as rather daft. " « I ain't deaf,' says Shrimpy, who, though he didn't mind the quizzitin', didn't like bein' hollered at ; ' and as to this yere dawg, he be longs to my mate.' " The gentleman asked Shrimpy a lot more questions about where his mate worked, and so on, and Shrimpy told him in his fashion all he wanted to know. I kept my distance, beoanse I didn't feel called npon to go and give as my opinion that Jericho weren't all square, and how I'd 'spected him from the first of being a deserter. At last the gentle man walked away, leavin' Shrimpy as proud as Punch at havin' so much notice took of him and the dawg. It struck me though, that Monk would have done quite well to have Btayed along with Jericho that day, so that there'd have been no ohanee of his comin' under the notice of anyone who knowed a little too mnch about bis master — if indeed, . Jericho was the dog's rightful master at all ? However, in any oase I didn't mean my thonghts about Jericho and his bygones to go any farther than thinking, for so long as he done his work — which I will truly say he did — why should he come to harm by me? " Still, when there's somethink odd about a mate, it ain't in human natur' not to try and get a bit of information about him, if it's only for the sake of taking a rise out of his slyness. So, when those two gentle men walked away, very slowly, and in dose confab, thinks I to myself that their talk might throw some light on the dark ness for me; and when they'd sat them down on a bench, still busy talking, and the one who'd asked the questions very much took up wi' poking bits o' tur! with the end of his walking-stick, I made so bold as to go rtfiioMv anioVi fVinm anil t r-o rolietVipr T nnQld hear anything they were saying. I could pretty plainly, only losing a few words, and very mneh interested I were in what I ketched, though they were speaking of some- . thing quite other than what I expected to hear, for, by some reason which I couldn't no ways fit in, they were talking about that young gentleman down Nottingham way who'd had the misfortin' to kill the other at football. And, as fur as I made out, they were quite our way of thinkin' about the acci dent part of it. One of the gentlemen — the one has had questioned Shrimpy — seemed to know most about it, and he were telling it to his friend. The sum and snbstacca of the story was that this Mr. Galbraith were counted among gentlefolk what we should cali among navvies 'a reg'lar black.' He had run through a lot of money, and behaved very had to his father, though, sccordin' to their way of putting it, and wi' losing sight of some of the big words, I didn't rightly make oat what line his ondootifulness took. And he'd the very devil of a temper, so that, when he were angered, he'd wait, and plan, and watoh, until he saw his way to scoring againBt them he was wroth with. 41 For all this there was a poor young lady somewhere who believed in him and loved him, and from the gentleman's way of stat ing this part of the matter I drawed the con clusion that ha were mortal jealous of the feeling she had for Mr. Galbraith. Well, then there seemed to have been some tarble row at a dinner, where there was a great many gentlemen — maybe they'd had more'n enough red port and sioh— and Mr. Galbraith was in it, and- so was the gentleman as got billed, who was some kin to Mr. Galbraith's young lady, and had done his best of ttimes to show her what a bad lot her lover were. Whether the quarrel began about this, oz wnetnerme lady's name was dragged in after they'd disagreed on something else, I didn't make out ; but, anyhow, she was mentioned, . and they got all the angrier over that, no ' doubt. At last Mr. Galbraith got the worst of it, as was but right, seeing what manner of chap he were. Then he swore, so that all present heard him, that he'd punish this Mr. Campbell sooner of later. It was the next day but one he get the chance, and, no sweet, gentle thoughts of that poor lass comin' in timn to stop him, he took it — fot this gentle man made no doubt, in spite of the crowner's invest giving the verdict as they did, that Mr. Campbell's death at football were an accident done on purpose. Likewise, he said, quite decided, that he was snre that Mr. Galbraith bad not drowned hisself, and what he was goin' to say next I didn't get the. chance of hearing, for some ladies came up andBtopped their talk, and I saw them no more after that. " It give me sommat to think of, though ; for it seemed so curious that I should have been attracted to listen to 'those gentlemen on account of Jerioho, and how i he came by Monk, or what he done amiss, or where these gentlemen had knowed about him and Monk, which were quite ciisinteresting in comparison. I told Curly and the others about it goin' home, and we all thought it was very queer business, and it took us most of the way baek in conversation. As foe Shrimpy, he were that tired that he oouldn' get more'n tbre9 parts of the road ; he had to lay down under a hayrick to take his night's rest, and Monk came along with us, just as if he were one of us, and not a dog at any man's bick or call. " Jericho had turned in when we got back, and Monk went to his usual place at the foot of his master's bed. The next morning, when Jericho started his work by givin' the dog his jacket and tommy-bag to look arter, I says:' " ' I say, Jericho, I s'pose you wouldn t care to part wi' that dog o' youm ?' " 4 Part with him 1' says Jericho ; 1 not if I know it ; besides, there'd be -two to that bargain, for he wouldn't part with me, if I would with him.' " ' Well, I don't know about him,' I says ; 4 he followed Shrimpy very friendly yesterday, and maybe he'd follow someone else, and stiok to them.' " 'Tain't very likely,' says Jerioho. 44 4 Well, how long have you had him,' I asks, 4 if I may make so free ?' 44 4 How long?' he said, after me. 4 Well, ever since he was a pup old enough to be took away from his mother.' " 4 Raely 1' I says, but I wasn't sure im my mind that he wasn't telling me a most ontrig- ious lie. 44 Now, sir, if ever you've been on a bit of a spree — which I make no doubt, look- at things from the right pint of view, you have — you may have noticed — leastways, I have— that the following day, when you go to buckle to work again, things seem to have a great inclination to go contrairy. Either the tackle gets out o' gear wi' lying idle isted o' being used, or else a man's thought's go wool-gathering, or his sight isn't quite so clear nor his hand quite so steady as usual. Anyhow, the day after a holiday is a most moitherin' confoundable time in general, and so I found in that mornin' after the races. To begin with, pretty nearly all the men said it were ohilly, and wouldn't tak' their jackets off. Now nothing riles me — as a ganger — like 3eein' a man make shift to do his work all muffled up. Then some dunderhead chap went and put his foot into my bottle of tea just afore brekfus-time. Next'y the agent come up the line — which he were a snarly- tempered chap — and he growled and grumbled till he druv me pretty near wild. Then summat went wrong with the little tipping- engine that was used for our headin' work, so that because the engine-driver had been havm fnn mnrth hopr in his hnlirtftv. and his rope-runner weren't up to driving Btiddy, the men working in the shafts were throwed all behind. I'm a werry easy-goin' man most times, but I got clean put out that mornin', and I did a lot of hollering, and I dare say I sweared a good bit, too — savin' your presence — which is not a good practice, but which I often have fell into when workin' at high pressure. 44 At last, about noon, when the men ought to ha' been knocking off for dinner, the engine was ready to shunt up our trucks, so I made myself as muoh of a Tartar as I could, and I says : 44 4 Now, mates, no dinner-time till these waggons is all full, so look alive 1" 44 Some on 'em looked crusty ; but 'twere no good. Orders is orders, or what's the use of a ganger? So into the headin' the man went who had to pack down the waggon-loads and Jericho went in among the rest. Then the engine, as if to make up for lost time, put on steam enough to haul fifty loaded trucks — there's no doubt but that this were pure euasedness on the part of that young rope- runner — and run the trucks baek into the trucks back into the headin' like mad. I fairly screeched at him, for temporary rails won't stand such rampagin'; but he took no heed of me — he were a vain young fellow, as fancied hisself very much. I knew what would come to pass — at least, I so greatly looked to see it, that I were in no wise as tonished to see one of the line of trucks as it came to the headin'-mouth come to a sudden stand with a dull crash, and then turn a little sideways, while the next one to it reared up like, and would have stood on end if it hadn't been for the couplins. And all the time that silly chap was squinting over his shoulder, and loolrin' as wise as if he'd been doing something very praisable, instead of getting his waggons off the rails just when there was no more time to be wasted. I were on the top when it happened, but I come down fn a braoe of shakes, and bid him reverse his engine, which, luckily, he had just thought of doing ; but it was more'n his engine could do to tug those waggons baofc so as to right them, and after ten minutes of trying, I sent him off down the line to fetch another engine and we sat down to our dinner. 44 We had just begun, when someone out: 4i 4 Why, look at Shrimpy ! What a hurry he's in to get back at last !" 44 We looked up and saw poor little Shrimpy come tearing along as if he were very hotly hunted. So out of breath he was when he got to us that not one word could he get out. except 41 Jericho 1" 44 We'd had a hungrifying morning, so we entered no further into perticklers than to p'int toward the headin' where Jfericho and the others were safely shut up in their man-holes until the trucks should be righted. 44 Shrimpy panted for breath for a time, and at last, when he'd drunk a drop of cold tea and wiped the sweat off his face, he beckoned me to one side. 44 4 Mr. Hillman," he said, 44 as I were comin' along, about twenty minutes since, I heard someone come drivin' along behind me. I turned to see what it was, and I saw that gentleman what spoke to me yesterday on the racecourse, and two — two' — the poor little chap quite quaked to say the next word— 44 two policemen along with him ; and when they came up with me, the gent knew me again, and asked me whether they were on the right track for our work, and how mnch farther it were and all that. Whatever can they want, Mr. Hillman ?" "4 It won't be 44 what", Shrimpy," I says ; 44 it'll be 44 who".' 44 An' who do you think they want, Mr. Hillman ?" He asked as if life and death depended on what I thought. Also, I could tell by the twitching of his face that his thoughts turned to the question the gentle man had put to him the day before. 44 4 1 couldn't say, jShrimpy,' I thought it. best to say — as, indeed, I couldn't azackly. 44 4 And Jericho's is in the headin' ?' < TTfl ia T aav<3 ( Illrflln Art Tirt ffinvA yet a while, unless you can get the waggons baek on to the rails.' 44 With that I turned and left him, for I had just ketched sight of our engine comin baek with one of the more powerful ones, and, likewise, I seed the gentleman and the two bobbies comin' down the hill on foot, havin' been obliged to leave their carritch a little bit farther back. They were with us almost as soon as the engine ; but I didn't worrit myself to tak' any notioe of their arrival, seem' I'd got work enough to mind of my own. The gentleman stood still, and looked round at all the men he could see ; then he walked on by hisself, lookin' well about all the time, as if he was trying to make one of us out, and couldn't. Presently his ye fell on Jericho's dog, and then he spoke op so that we could all hear, though some of ia looked stead'ly at the engines, and made is though we heard nowt, 44 4 Where is the owner of this dog?' " No one made answer, save Monk hisEelf, which looked up and snarled. "With that he walked baok to the bobbies, and I see one of them makin' toward me. 44 4 Good- mornin',' he says, very eivil— though it were more'n two hourt past noon, 4 are you chief man here ?' 44 4 1 am,' said I, short and plain. 14 Then will you tell me where the man is who owns that white bull-terrier?' , 44 4 Sartinly,' I says ; 4 he's in behind them trucks, and if you wants him you'll have to content yourself to wait a bit, till the engines have pulled the trueks out.' 44 4 All right,' he says; 4 then we will wait.' 44 4 And may I ask,' I said, 4 what yon wants wi' one of we?' 44 The bobby grinned sarcastic-like, and says he : 44 4 One of you 1 Well, you'll have to prove that, and in the meantime this gentleman's come to 'dentify him for Mr. Hugh Galbraith, of Pole Regis, Nottinghamshire, whioh we've ;;ofc a warrant against him for the wilful -nurder of Mr. Francis Campbell.' 44 Sir, yon might have knocked me down wi' a bit of a pebble. The green grass seemed to jump up towards the sky, and the sky went all wavy and erumply around the hill-tops ; but yet, as soon as the words— nay, before the words were oat of the policeman's mouth, 1 seemed to have known it all along. And oh, I did feel Borry for that young man at shat minute ; whatever he'd been, aud who ever he was, I felt kind o' choked at the uotion of him, after workin' out in the fresh, bright air, free to come aud free to go, bein' band-cuffed, and carried off to a close, stuffy little cell, behind high, grim walls, with the crrible look-out of that trial before him, and :he sense of that guilt upon his conscience to eat up his courage. And while I was rtfleetin' I saw the engines couple on, and strain to their work of palling out the wag gons, and every pull was bringing poor Jeri cho so muoh nearer the tarble lot in store for him. : 44 1 seemed quite unwilling to see the trucks move, though a quarter of an hour afore I were fumin' and frettin' to have them ship shape. Out they came slowly enough, makin' such a sawin' and grindin' among the broken rails that it were enough to give you jaw-ache for a month. Of coarse the fillers came along with the waggons— that is, three did, and when I looked to see who was missin', I saw no Jerioho. I looked at the three men, and they at me. 44 4 Where's Jericho ? ' I asked. 4 Why didn't he come oat with yon ?' 4,4 That's more'n I can tell you,' answered one of them, a man we called Ginger Tom, 4 We'd best get in quick with a iight and see if he's eome to grief.' 44 It seemed quite unpossible that aught should have befallen him, because he would have been as right as a trivit in his man-hole. Nevertheless, Ifollowed Ginger, and some more followed me. 44 Sir, I've seem many a sad accident in my time, which each one have give me a feelin' quite ondescrible, that comes in my chest and throat like a weight of lead, and mounts np into my ears like a rough singin', and spreads itself before my eyes like a thick mist ; but when we found Jericho lying in a heap, not in his shelter, but beside it, as if he'd lost his presence of mind and jumped out into the grip of the struggling trucks, when we held the light towards him, and saw him seemingly dead, I said, 4 God knows whether this isn't amerei- ful death for him. 44 Then we raised him and carried him out ; and, when the light o' day shone on him, 'twould have been hard to say whether the bleeding, quivering form was Jericho or some one else. Wo took him slowly np on to the bank, his dog whining round us as we went, and Shrimpy erying and wailing like a child that has lost its mother ; and we saw, as we laid him down, that life was not quite out of him, for he opened his eyes, and, moaning wearily, made as though he would have raised his hands. The gentleman, when he saw what had happened, came forward, his face full of horror and pity. He knelt down by poor Jericho's side, whoBe fixed, senseless look fell upon him. I watohed the gentleman very keen, to see If, by any chance, it were all a mistake ; bnt he kept silence, and I could make out nothing from his face, except the pity and awe nat'ral to a man wno sees a fellow-ereetur in his last agony. He kept Bilenee, and so did we all, as we watched poor Jericho's life flattering in his crashed featares for awhile ; but in the coarse of a few mo ments the glassy eyes seemed to light up with a remembrance of where he was, and then a fuller sense of things must have eome npon him, for, after moving his lips without a sound, he said — taking away all hopes of doubt : 44 4 Kerr, is that you, or am I dreaming ? ' 44 And the other said : 41 4 You're not dreaming. It is quite true that I am here.' 44 4 What are you here for?' Jericho asked. ' Have you run me to earth at last ?' 41 4 Oh, Galbraith,' I heard the other answer, 1 what can I say ? You are about to answer before God for what yon did.' li-eir, uaiu uerujno, struggling as tuuugu he were determined to conquer hiB pain, and speak this once, ' I am innocent before God —of that— though I know I never should have been able to prove it before men. I didn't see who it was on the ground, and I scarcely knew I had kicked him. Afterwards, when I saw what I had done, I knew I had no chance. I was too heavily handicapped.' 41 It would have been worse than no nee to waste reproaches on past wrong-doing then, and I was truly glad that Mr. Kerr (as Jerioho, or rather this unfortunate Mr. Gal braith called him) said nothing about the folly and wrong headednesa of what had gone before and after that fearful accident. 44 4 Gan I do anything for you, Galbraith ? ' he asked. 44 But poor Jericho had sunk back after his effort. I heard him sob oat, 4 Alice,' in a kind of whisper, and 4 Alice' again very faintly. His lips fluttered once more, then his pain, and his troubles, and his sad, mis spent life were over, and poor little Shrimpy sank down by him, sobbing his very heart away. 44 His father and a few friends came and buried him quietly in the village oharchyard nearest to where he died, and among the rest cam9 a fair, sweet-eyed lady, who looked sad beyond all power of been comforted, whioh, no doubt, was the poor lady who had loved him 30 well all through, and whose name had been the last Bound on his dying lips. 44 Sir," said the old man, whose face and voice had grown very solemn over hi3 re miniscence, 44 'taint very often, saving yonr presence, as I goes to church ; but on one oc casion, when I ohanced to be there, I marked some words they read out, which was — 4 Free among the dead, like unto them that are wounded and lie in the grave '—and I sayB to myself, 4 If them words does not apply to the oase of Mr. Galbraith, which we called Jericho, it seems to me that they can't be rightly fitted on to anything.' " 