ANOTHER FISHER'S GnOST. Tin: Xrpean Times (Penrith) suites that on Tuesday, July lfl; 3Irn. If. Small, residing' at Luddcnliam, about2 milcHfroraPeuritb, reported to Sergeant Dovo that her sou/aged 19 years, on returning home at about 12.30 that morn ing, and while near the Filly Paddock, saw a phosphorescent figure abD'it tlio size of an elephant hut of the shape of a dog. This changed to a fiery circle shortly after wards," and shortly after that to tho figure of a man ? headless. Tho-young man becamo so terribly alarmed tliat ho started o!F towards home at a pneo that would surprise even Samuels. 3To told his mother what he had seen, and on tho following morn ing the two proceeded to' tho spot, where thoy saw the remain# of a fire, and, ainongr tho debris, some burnt boned and other things, which caused Mrs. Small to give information to the police On Wednesday, Sergeant Dove, accompanied by Mounted-constable Belfour, proceeded to Mrs. Small's residenco, who at onco took them to tho 8]>ot indicated. After a search, tliu sergeant collected certain portions of tlio burnt debris, including bones, buttons, &c.;, which ho brought into Penrith. Tho v locality is described as in a very out-oMho way placc, near the southern boundary of the homestead riin, and neur tho famouH Filly Pad dock, and about a milo and a-half from the' Luddeiiham road. Judging by all tho Bur roundings/therb is oveiy appearance of a hotly being burnt, and, what in moro sob picioufl, within a few feet of tho firo a holo hftd: been dug about 0 foot long, about 2 feet wiiflj nnd 'about 18 inclies deep, dug by nomo blunt tool," This hole, nnd-tlio remains, of the fire nnpciir to bo of ubout two yours' Htiuiding, nnd tlio Miicml iiDprcssiori.is. that there 1ms been \- foul play. .The police liavo made oyery in nuiry but so fur without finding out anything Unitwould, at nil lead to identification. The bones were on Thursday examined by Dr. Brady and carefully compared, with tlio result that the doctor at, once pronounced the bones to bo those of .a human beings 