BEtJTER'S CABLEGRAMS. LONDON, Friday. The proposals of Queensland were accepted by Hhe Conference, including the guarantees to adminifiter the affairs ofJJew Guinea i»r ten years instead of fife years, ax originally pro posed, and tile sum payable by the Imperial Go»ernment for the cost of maintenance of the ?cruiser is £30,000, and'net fifteen. After the conclusion of the Conference Griffith will settle the datails of a Bill necessary to give effect to the agreement with Herbert, the' permanent Under Secretary of the Colonies. The measure will then be introduced Into the Queensland Parliament 32ie fair trade league gave a banquet yesfcer, night, and several delegates were present Berry declared fiat the fatr trade policy ims giving rise to unexampled prosperity in Victoria. Griffith expressed the belief that the Customs Union of the colonies was .not practicable but urged that the duties on imports ftom foeeign countries should be higher than those levied by such countries on colonial, products. The Qneeu has re turned from the continent. In the House of Commons yesternight the: amendment by Beid, the member for Dunitriee, | to tbe effect that farther ttonsideralion of* the Crimes Bill should be postponed until the Land Bill bad passed the IjoIds>wBB rejected by 3«to240 . , The race for the Cne Thousand Guineas resulted as follows:-Bereder i, Porcelain 2, Freedom 3. At the "Conference to-day the question of Trade Marks, «ugar bounties, and ;<>ther matters relating to trade were discussed. The .principal speakers on the bounty question «ere representatives of the eugar producing colonies. The Conference was adjourned till Tuesday, when Bell: will propose the eiten siontothe Australasian colonies «f privileges already conceded to Csnaia, and ^"regotiatn commercial treaties between foreign -Powers. In speaking at a banguet given by the Fair Trade League, yesternight, <Ghoffith raid, "l*e thought that the dutieB levied on foreign pro ducts should be of a iiigher scale duties impoeed bn -the ptttducteof other por ionti <jfthe Empire. Emperor hat of Schnsebell. UMUUCS, Friday. .The Emperor haa ordered the immediate CAIBO, Friday, transpired that; Dnimmond Wolff, ? Coa-missionec, luui made proposals' . £roop^.«£!ending over s, period of five years. ' ISjC Totfash Commissioners, however, rejected the proposals and bare | | asked tor fortherinstructionfi. . JfewBhaebeen received from the front thstin ypimfil hjr the TtnrrinhRR- Xaentenaxit Ciolooel ChiroBide, commanding the teoope at'Wady inBitadt m b large force of the enemy near that place; ati engagement ensued, inwhich tha leader and many tbl-! lowers were killed and fcheir camp captured. niggers mb reminded that the ammnl itionof blankets -will take place at the fio iHoBbe to-day at 12 o'clock. ^Wiso to cmeh on oar space *e axe com pelled to hold oyer the npmtotflu ^ the foundationstone o the new Masonici and other matter. \- 3?he weather yesteijday -WBS cool and cloudy i wi&anoccaBlon;^l 5?»ry ligb&'shofner. Xiast nigllt tilfiM Wafe wm»y fii«l?n«Kon jifrMn <aw14lm: air waacooL The toeetingjof those persoiiB infce&dii;& to Join the cavalty corps here "will be ludd iat Down»y"a iotelto-oigtit and not sit the of Arte assftated in Batwrtay'e issue. A summoned by Sir. Nigrofor^obH*gT«&»b^ near the load to hie selection. Sevyxtd parties have been depositing rnhbteh <om* thin ttxafl recently, from wfctaJi jrapt sUB«?¥p«We **&*>- , Bench a tosnjr, penalty pf soy Berepns o«mcfed pf called-on ?wf owing i he aha gu&a0jr; Mr. J. R Fjlbhbs haej^ out of the station>^^8 ®H? them in MSner*feMr^|^1*!?fe carry «n the fogi^ Fisher is a pujIj^pf'Ttosmaalstreet on and ire ha^g^bM not seen each other id tire-following conversation 'at: "Good erenui' Mick, «nd Hick: "Oh! party Uc praise how do ye feel ye'reself Pot cbilder?" Pat: " Only middlm' tW5 wife is purty bad. whin I wint ?j^g last F-ght I found her la bed with the: sciatica" .-Micki "ffltttl didn't ye Bhoot the Ita?811 Wiggaid 1" ?^pjl/would call the attention oc th Board to the damage done to the ,^9) Mgro'6 by the G""eat Britain mining ~f«ny. They hare allowed the -water fr-im *psir mine to wash across the road rendering .j Z almoBt impassable for coaches. The i'Dmsional Board could compel the company to make a small culvert across the road; if they refuse to do so the expense of constructing each a trifling work should he undertaked by the Board .and tbey can ealily recover it from the owners of the mine. Osi of Parson's drivers got Mi karsce tied in a knot opposite the Commercial hotel on Sunday morning. In turning the offside horse got the p 'le over his bade and both the horses got their forelegs on the verandah before the driver could poll them up, the pole "was stick ing np in tiie air and the borses looked regular mashers with the collars stuck round their ears. Several willing hands went to extricate tide horses from their awkward position, font one hilarious individual persisted in pulling the wrong way. Constable Conway, who was present, went to stop this pariy. and in remov ing him pulled the sleeve out of his co*t. The individual did not like the idea of being ren dered sleeveless in his dexter fltrm, nothwith standing the fact that he -was backed up by a bellicose tailor. The horses were eventually released and the party -who wasn't diy .tarted to argue the point with fcheetmfctable. Conway cautioned him several times to keep qniet and go home, bat he was in an argumen tatives form of niind and refmsed, using some red lawjnase, whereupon the constable "ran Tiim in." He will appear at -the court this morning. Th» first match of the season -was played at Millchester on Saturday afternoon, between teams chosen from the local and Towers Foot ball C'ubs, and resulted In the defeat of the latter by one goal. The SEllcheeter men would at once strike spectators as being superior to their opponents, having weight to back their play up, and they were ably assisted; by Wright, Long Bros., Howell, Hnest and Williams. The Towers seem to lack practice and condition, this being the first occasion,on which they have played together, and as the season wears on we expect to see them wipe oat this defeat, and retrieve their old reputa tion. Hamilton, Motion, Guthrie, Tolly and also PhilUpB, who will prove a thorn in the Bides of the Mollchester men before the season doses. OK the 28th of lart Febnuwy tender? were Called for alterations and additions to the Poet j Office, tenders to close on the 11th March. ! Several parties tendered for the job, bat none of them have, np to the present been accepted, i This ie only anotherinstance of the contcmp- { tonus manner in which the people of the North ! are treated by the Brisbane barnacles. They cell reserves on this field at enormous prices, | they «oldall the land in all the towns in the North and religiously "collared" the money, jet when U comes to the spending of a few ] hundred pounds for the purpose of giving ] proper accommodation Jwi© in the Post Office, i the Brisbane Treasurer pullstignt the strings of hie money bagsand "ao Barees." if any of i the tenders sent in had. been accepted, the I woA !wonld be nearly compUted now, ' i THE Commiesirner for Railways, with Mr. 1 Daniells, and other railway 'officials arrived by I special train yesterday from .Fownsville on a { tour of inspection over the Soiftem Railway. Most persons will be gratified to learn ttiatMr, j Cnrnow found the Qneenton railway station n 1 the same place andjhe will proceed to the end 1 i of; the line to-day. W e wast to Jrnow why the ! country is saddled wiH) the expense of a epecial trpin for Mr. Cumow'e comfort and convenience when it is only a-few veefeB ago that £78 in hard cash had to be planked downbefore the railway department wonld grant aspetaalfciain to fairing tie Charters Towera corps of. the Defence Force bom Towneville.. Mr. Cnrnow is .' public senwat and draws a fat ecrew as Commisatoaer for Railways, and wethink that he should at 'east tswel by the ordinary trains instead of galloping around In a epec5a1. The and are more entitled to a special train thaa any public servant. IK another column of this issue will be found the nominations and handicaps for the sports to be held on the Athletic Reserve on the Queen's Birtfoday. . Itwas thought desir able by the committee to publish the nomina tions and handicaps'nit lite same time, soihat intending competitors wonld have more tune to get Into form. Jtwill he seen that the inopdnatians»ro j!i»merous, in feet the nomifia tSonsforthe All Comers' Race being fhe lancet, with, one exception, yet received here for Hanysports. The blcyole nm will > he the''"'toit': *wr.'field-here and will he wtiif'-'TO.'. fcttnwA a laTge ' nmnber rf people. TSo puns axe beingspared by Hie committee to make the eporfca eurcoeg; Both. Tnnning and bicycletraets ane now being pre pared, aad wHl,when finished, be the best on Charters Towers, which will, nodonbt, lead to all fotor-reportehemg hdd on the athletic reset-re, which should, if all «odetaes oom binedtogether,befencedhi Veiyshortly. It waseaid that the United Friendly SocietieB did not include foot-iacing In their programme of sports, became too mnch swindling was . earned on 'amongst - rnnners, but the aatae ttung equally applies to horse mwang j swindles are perpetrated - in all eporte. Xngeitingap«po^<»mmittee6should ii»^a^«&ra;)f»dble,to please all ; one n rnddnofco a hundred yards to jee'i« raoebnt wonld go «fiiflr »r £wo to see a idly Sodetafie courted the challenge was tx - > hene.juid JteJnm i.. , ,, . "^Iplwgr haye ^een afcte ID offier; for dMCeiOTt eTOnt^ ^nd" -* reryprospect oftKShg agr W* have mebel the -first issue^f an even ing daily paper called the Charters %Wen Tinieti sodfted and published bMji^wijgn} Red din. tBiejattwdnctoiylt^ing^ifeclciiste rolammOns as a Dutchman's breecjesand a& litfls Inifc-A o»lumn of Joqg j to say nothing. Mt BwHia hoi I Separation - or Anti-separation. neutral.- JSje is, goingto assise tfcel Press and scf todely generally <m J5hartens Tram. He wont say a word agains or the "eunfile bnBten." Ibluitj young man is goii^g to pntuaallio neSta. ~ &j;> wakes « good Bhow of aSm&emeA; "TSfce nothing to blow about it over thie Beram. ' We have fdxeadj^Bxptessed <onr opihion ^ttF | The two eraw«a4®^ tauli,'i ilSie^Kxnt. It is^L i Is vat a ecrap *t telegraphic abev wtuch did not appeer in Satutdi^fl 49<»eEBSBS- MbsfULj ' ' «tipw*'oar tel^pacms isS?p«jitlei jeatoiK ,Pwis fe «ni3i « «8d vr*,mmtoloflk «»«»x^,t rto A Osbwak ch«nHHfc has invented a new kind of : of anesthetic ifclilllefc, which he urges will, if bmn^it into generalnse, greatly diminish the horiwra of war. ; The hnllet is of a brittle enb etance, breaking directly when it comes in con tact with the objectat which it is aimed. It contains & powerful anaist-hetic, producing instantaneously complete insensibility, lasting for twelve bouts, which, except that the action of the heart continues. isTiot to be distinguished from death. JL battle-field where these ballets are used will in a short time be covered with apparently dead bodies, hat in reality merely with the prostrate forms of soldiers reduced for the time being to a stateof unconsciousness. While in this condition they may, the German chemist points ooi» be packed in ambulance waggons and carried off as prisoners. Tim writer of u Continental Gh >ssip " in the S. Al. Herald, in a Utter dated 26th February says" The ' temptest in a teapot' caused by the rumour that General Boslanger had written a confidential letter to the Czm, and the various denials, reassectionB, and explanations that have been filling the drawing-rooms' and the Press of tins ciiy for ten days past, lias begun to subside. Frem all the assertions put forth I in regard to the affair, it appears certain that j General Boulanger wrote a letter, unknown to : his colloagues, not to the Czar, but to the Czar's War Minister; that he intrusted this missive to M. Moulin, the military attache, who told M. Flourens that bis War Minister had given him a letter that he was to £etsent on to the Russian War Minister. The M_ Flourens, angry, alarmed, and indignant, informed M. Grrevy sad the other Minis cers at the Cabinet ] CoQUfiil, to which, he was just going, of this i utterly unconstitutional and dangerous pro- i ceeding, summoned the General to give up the . letter, threatening to deprive him of his ghost, or to giTe in his own resignation if he refused; i that M. Gravy and the other ilinisten loudly condemned the General, aud energetically sup ported 1C. Flourens's demand, and that the General at length consented to take back and suppress hie epwtle ? that M. Flourens recounted -the affair to his wife, who recounted it in the drawing-room of the German Ambassador, in presence of several diplomatic peraort⩾, all of whom at once informed their respective courts (and intimates) of the occurrence, which at once found its way into the journals, no two of which, told- the etory in the same way. and all of which embellished it with details due to their own imagination, so that curiosity was'on tiptoe to know what would come of it. Mean time the General and hie frienJs deny that he wrote any letter to anybody, and declare the whole hubbub to have grown ont of a mere in vention of the military attache. But it is not easy to see what interest the latter could have had in inventing each a hoax, whereas it is e»By to understand that, the thing being true, he allows his chief to contradict it. And Genera! Boulanger'a reputation for truthful- i new bang what it is-that is to say, being nil \ -there is a very strong probability of the account of the: affair given above .being really the correct history of what, for a few days, lias been anxiously discussed, considered, and com mented on from one endof Europe to the otto nr." 