A MAN FOR ALL THAT. A great public meeting was held in New York on Sunday, July 10, at which Father M.*Glynn defied the Papal ex-comsiinnication, and eaid : — ' I learned under the very shadow of the Vatican that the man who gins against Mb conscience sins against the Holv Ghost, and if any power on earth, even though it be him who Bits enthroned in the Vatican, commands a man to do or say aught against bis conscience, to obey even that power were to sin against the Holy Ghost. If it were in their power as it was once— thank God it is no longer — they would im prison tbe tru'h in dungeons and martyr it at the stake in the persons of those who through no fault of their own read God's truth in the facts of society, in the strata of tbe earth, and upon the skies. It ia a notorious fact that religion 1b vanishing in every part of the world. Men are being alienated from the Church, particu laxly from the Catholic Church. Nowhere is the Church more bated than in the so-called Catholic countries, the effort to obtain a Papal representatve at Washington is quite in keeping with the same policy tiiat has led tho Pope to send two Italian prelates to Ireland. An English noodle of a Catholic lord, tbe Earl of Den bigh— and you may always mistrust English Catholics, especially an English Catholic Earl, to outdo any protestaut in bis hatred of Catholic Ireland — says the Pope told him not merely of his great esteem and affection for England, which ii well enough, bnt of his great desire to be of use to England. Of coarse he could be of use to Kngland if poor Paddy would be submissive, and obey the Pope's bidding in political matters. Why an alliance between the Pope and the English capitalist would be worth millions to the latter. It would be money in their pockets if tbey were to buy tbe Italian prelates of tbe Pope even at £100,000 a bead. The best way to get anything from the Roman machine is to show your teeth rather than be too humble. Prince Bismarck and the Czar understand this. The Pope is delighted at a little concession from them. The Pope has actually fallen in love with Prince Bismarck, Prince Bismarck ia flirting & little with the Pope. They have got as far as exchanging pictures. Men who have fought for Catholicism have been slapped in the face by the Pope to please Prince Bismarck. So long as the Catholics let the Roman machine of which the Pope i s the mere puppet, do th«s that m*/»Mn«» will use Paddy in Ireland and the German Paddy and American Paddy ai pawns on the political chessboard, to be Bold out at any time for what they can get ia return.' Messrs. R. Newton and Co., of Brisbane, report the sale, in conjunction with Messrs. A. J. Callan and Co., of 708 steers travelling from Malvern Downs, the property of Messrs. Rowan and Thomson. The Brisbane branch of Messrs. Macdermott, Loughnan, and Scarr have placed 1500 mixed cattle on account of Mr. James M'Cormacfc, of Albro Station CLermont. Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co. 'a head office have effected, among others, the sale of S25 rams from Portland Downs Station. Messrs. Macdermott, Looghnan, and Scarr, of Sydney, report having sold, on acconnt of Messrs. Chimside, Rfley, and Co.. 10,000 fat wethers from their Vindei Station. To show that people cannot be too careful at railway cro&Bings;, we take the following from last Thursday's Observer : — An accident occurred at the Hendra Railway crossing, on the Racecourse branch railway line, on the 24th instant, by which a valuable horse, be longing to an old man named William Gibson, was injured so badly that Jit had to be de stroyed, and the dray and hamesB, together with a load of light pine timber, were torn to threads by a passing train. Gibson was on his way with the timber from the South Bris bane saw-mills, to a new bouse in course of erection near Walsh's training stables, and on arriving at tbe gates, which had just pre vioosiy been closed to allow the 11 -40 down train to pass through, he took upon himself tbe responsibility of opening the gates with out making the person iu charge aware of his presence as be ought to have done. The old man is partially deaf, and blind in one eye, so that he could neither Bee nor hear the approach ing train until it was close upon hint. He had taken bis horse and dray through one gate, but had not time to get them off the rails before the train, which had got the through signal, came round the bend at full ?speed. The old man seeing his danger could do nothing but leave the horse and dray to their fate. The engine struck the dray full in the centre, Bending portions of tbe shafts wheels, and body of the dray and splinters from the timber in all directions, while the poor horse, with all the harness but the collar torn off, was hurled several yards away, hav ing sustained a large number of cuts and ' \ bruises in various parts of tbe body. The V near hind leg of the animal was broken i E several places, and steps were immediatel taken to end its Bufferings. When the engine driver first saw the dray his train was not more then twenty yards away, and it was impossible to efcip it in time to avert the accident. Gibsou, who is a poor man, has lest the horse dray, and hamegi by which he obtained his living, The disaster at Zug proves to be of greater magnitude than was at first reported. Six hundred people are homeless. Hie damage is estimated at upwards of a million francs. Thousands of people are pouring in from the BtUTonnding neighbourhood to view the scene of theaccident. For several days past crevices had been observed in the new quay, which had jofit cost £8000. At half-past two on. the 5th instant the lake in front of the stonework A^. began to babble, the quay began to crack, and ^^kpresently eighty feet of it fell in the lake. A ^^^Hoozen people rushed out from a neighbouring ^^F^cafii and were drowned. After a short inter* ^H val another slip occurred, dragging several Ww homes into the water. The landing-stage tol* ' lowed, and a steamer which had just arrived was hurled 100 yards forward. Towards fonr o'clock two boats, proceeding to the rescue, were swallowed ap. One boatman rose to the surface, the other was seen no more. At the same moment a boatman's hat, with three children in it, waa precipitated into the lake. Every effort was made to save life and pro perty. Furniture and cattle were hurriedly removed from the threatened quarter. At seven o'clock the landslips recommenced. Several carts that were transporting furniture sank into the lake. Fifteen houses and ten huts disappeared within a few minutes ; among them was the Hotel de Zurich, the roof of which may still be seen above the water. It was four storeys high. A cafe wherein ten people were seated, was nert en gulfed. One hundred and fifty metres of the neighbouring street then slowly vanished. Several people had time to jump from win dows on the first and second floors, and thus escaped. A party of officers returning from Lucerne, assisted by the local fire brigade, organised the first help; bat as danger in creased troops were summoned from Baar. The third landslip occurred at 11 p-m., carry' ing five bouses into the lake, and damaging many others. The municipal treasure was re moved from the Town Hall to the Post Office.— Home Nam. 