It is, to Eay the least, a suspicious coincidence that, while France and Russia are jointly pro testing against the agreement of the Imperial Government with Turkey for the settlement of the Egyptian quest ion, that Russia should have assembled in the North Pacific the largest num ber of warships she has ever collected theie, and which might, if required, be soon des patched to Australian waters. As Russia has no commerce woith the name in the East to pro tect, the powerful fleet collected there can be intended only for aggression, and if a difficulty should arise over tho Afghanistan boundary, or the occupation of Egypt by British troops,, we might suddenly be called to test the strength of our defences by the appearance of the Muscovite squadron ou our coasts. The danger is all the greater from an evident undeistandiug between France and Russia as to the future Government of Egypt that bodes no good to the mother country, and consequently !o these colonies. Russia has not even the ghost of a practical in terest in the land of the Pharoahs, but some secret arrangement with the Government of the Republic has induced the Czar to assist the jealous neighbour of Great Britain in further obstructing the efforts of the latter to free it from a great embarrassment. It iB known, too, that France is animated by a Strong desire to regain the ' prestige ' which she lost by tho war of 3870, and that this can be done only in two ways— either by succeeding in recovering the lost Provinces, or by entering into a conflict with the British Empire that would efface the remembrance of the humiliation of Waterloo. And as the defensive alliance between Germany, Austria, and Italy is generally believed to render hopeless the forcible lest, oration of Alsace-Lorraine, the possibility of France forcing another quarrel on her ancient antagonist is thought by some publicists to be far from an impossible event. No one can have watched the international relations of Great Britain Riid France of late years without being struck by the fact tliaL constant provocations 011 the one side have been'as frequently 'overlooked by the other ; and that nothing but the unwil lingness of the latter to take offence has preven ted the most serious consequences. The truth of the assertion could be easily proved by what lias transpired in Madagascar, China, Egypt, and the New Hebrides. Had Franco insulted Germany in the person of one of its subjects, and a national war vessel, as was done by Adniirai Pierre, nothing could have averted a demand for instant reparation that would hav.e forced oh a collision. Still less would Bismarck have per- 111 itted Ft ance to, occupy , by a party of marines, a gioup that slio was solemnly pledged not to interfere with, and to maintain, them fur an entiie year on-llto shallowest of pretexts; dest pile the appeals of the Imperial Government to her good faith. : The. Great Chancellor, under the same circumstances, would have given th$ French President liotico that the tri-colpur must be hauled down, and, the tioops withdrawn as soon as an order to do so' could reach the' coin; nifiiiding officer, or the German army would inarch within a week across the frontier of the Republic. - But' the Imperial arithdrities tire so determined not tO; offend a, -jealous, and irritable nation that after having condoned., a .gross broach of national ' godd faith since last June they still profess to rely on promises that I hey must be satisfied, will not . bo performed. . Iur uectij int. its fjciiidjjb HUittj. <i jut'iu ba traordinary instance ot a great nation permitting itself to be trifled with and ihefooled with iui/ punity. j The facts that Russia lia.s a vastly larger , flec£ than elm lias need of in tho North Pacific, ancj that the points at issue between Great Biitaio and; France may occasion aii-int,crnatioiinl diffi culty, givopraclical irnporlancoto tho question of ailowiug foreign men-of-war to enter Pot- . Phillip at this jqiietyre. d'hi) qiero cirouuistanci that tho 'Imperial authorities propose to res trie tho number' of ariiied men that iiiay laiid Mih foreign men-qf-vyar tin British temtory, ae : ivel us the national vessels that may eut'er the forli lied port's of tho Empire, is significant." Such at in I on t ion must have originated in information o ' which wo lia'vo 110 knowledgo, and as it is tin Victorian Government received coiifideiiliul com muiiicatious from Geuerpl .Sejiajv-, whiah, luivd convinced them of the expediency of - ihiine dialely , following the example of - the, -Imperial Government. Attention was strongly directed to the subject when the, French- fleet , took .lip- 1 position- inside the Chineso, lfaltpries, jireyioui) -to the late informiil .war, ,and,;yvu,s t,husy oiiabicd to silence. them a|hiost. without, loss.,; Nothing,' how-over, has been done since to'avert- tho; con tingency of tho same manoeuvre 'Being resulted to licit; and Melbourne beiiig laid under contri bution. While, however, tho Imporial Govern ment did not move in tho matter, the Victoria Ministry were powerless to "adopt a .prepuutioq tliat would'' greatly .Increase' our " abeiirity. Butfts.tho Salisbury iC'elpnet ihaye_!recognisod the necessity of a. step tUsfccannnt bo postponed' without risk, we Iiopo. before long - the Ministry, of this colony will ibe.' authorisod to lay downj regulations tlmt will prevent our defences being turned by a' ctafty eneiriylf '-.Tlie adtniiiistrAtioii, ' we are told, from things- tl)at:have-come tpitheir kndwlege privately, recognise that! the question is one of. Inquiry as' well as importance. Though we carinol ascertain" the truth, there is very little doubt that plans for attacking the Australian forts are to be found in the pigeon -hole of the War Offices at St. Petersburg and Pari3. And the ingenious authors of these schemes cannot have overlooked the feasibility at present 'of national vessels stealing into the harbors of Port Jackson or Port Phillip before actual hostilities, and their profiting by the folly which allowed foes in the guise of 'liiere visitors to carry; out their designs. We hope, therefore, to hear sooii that the necessary measures to protect its frotit a trick that may bo attempted, and that, if (Suc cessful, would entail a heavy penalty on' us, have been sanctioned by the Imperial Govern ment-. ! ; 