THE WITHDRAWAL OF MR. SPUR- GEON FROM THE BAPTIST UNION. _ _ _ _ Mr. Spurgeon has (sayB the Pall Mali Budget of November 3) announced his withdrawal from the Baptist Union owing to the unsatisfactory action which he believes has been taken on his charges against the ministry of being on the down grade both spiritually and theologically. For some time past the charges laid by him against ministers and Churches of being upon the "down grade" theologically and spiritually have baen ardently combated privately, but at tne meetings of tbe Baptist Union in Sheffield early this month they were ignored, while at the gatherings of the Congregational Union they were denied. Replying to his critics and declaring his final decision, Mr. Spurgeon says that "to pursue union at the expense of truth is treason to the Lard Jesns. He is our Master and Lord, and we will keep His words ; to - tamper with His doctrine wonld be to be traitors to Himself." Proceeding, he argues that as a matter of fact " believers in Christ's atonement are now in declared religious union with thoss who make light of it; those who hold Evangelical doctrine are in open alliance with those who call the Fall a fable, who deny the personality of the Holy Ghost, who call justification by faith immoral, and hold that there is another probation after death, and a future restitution for the lost." "Yes," he says, " we have before us the wretched spectacle of professedly orthodox Christians publicly avowing their union with those who deny the faith, and ecarcely concealing their contempt of those who cannot be guilty of such gross disloyalty to Christ." This being the case, he retires at once and distinctly from the Baptist Union, urging that as the Baptist Churches are each one of them self-contained and independent, and the Union being only a voluntary association of such Churches, it is a simple matter for a Church or an Individual to withdraw from it. Mr. Spurgeon does no blame the Union for " harbouring errors of the extremest kind," for he Bays, *" so far as we can see, it was powerless to help itself even if it wished to do so*" Replying to the question, " Why not start a aew denomination ?'' he says it is a question for which he has not any liking. There are denominations enough in his opinion, and '* if there were a new denomination formed, the thieves and robbers who have entered other * gardens walled round' would climb into it also, and so nothing would be gained. Besides, the expedient is not needed among Churches which are each one self-governing and eelf-determining; such Churches can find their own affinities without difficulty, and can keep their own coaBts clear of invaders." In conclusion, Mr. Spurgeon says, " Oh that the day would come when, in a larger communion than any sect can offer, all those who are one in Christ may be able to blend in manifest unity! This can only come by the way cf growing spiritual life, clearer light upon the one eternal truth, and a closer cleaving in all things to Him who is the Head, even Jesus ChriBt." "The interest of the occasion," to the Spectator, " seems to be the tendency which Mr. Spnrgeon's course must have to stimulate the decomposition of ecclesiastical unions into their constituent parts, and the gradual disintegration of what we may call collective responsibility for a creed. Of course, if once that collective responsibility were to cease altogether, and there should come to be as many entirely separate opinions on the character and drift of revelation as there are, for instance, on the character and drift of Mr. Ruskin's teaching. Christian faith as a bond among men would have ceased to exist." But although "Mr. Spurgeon's abandonment of the Baptist Union is sure to stimulate the tendency to an open disintegration of religious communions," it does "not at all suppose that it will stimulate the real disintegration of faiths. The decay of common convictions which waB latent before will Inot be aggravated in any way by being avowed. Nay, it may, we think, do good by awakening men afresh to the very serious character of the question as to the connection between doctrine and religions communion." 