THE RELIGIOUS CELEBRATION OF THE CENTENNIAL. A meeting of the committee organised in Melbourne with a view to the celebration by the churches of the oentenuary of British settle ment in Australia took place recently at the Young Men's Christian Association Hall. Dr. Warren was called to the chair, and the Be v. A. J. Campbell, D.D., presented a report from the executive committee, recommending cer- tain general objects which it was considered should be embraced by the movement. The meeting, which was well attended by repre- sent! ve Protestant ministers and laymen, con- sidered this proposal of the executive in de- tail, and ultimately it was agreed " that the title ot the movement should be the Centen- nial Mission, it being the churches' celebra- tion of tho oontonuary of Australasia ; that tho people of God be engaged in earnest, be- lieving, and unceasing prayer for an outpour- ing of the Holy Ghost upon the Australasian colonies during tho coming year ; that the attention of the community bo drawn to the great mercies which Australasia has enjoyed since the commencement of British posses- sion : and that tho people of Victoria be ask- ed to recognise theso by some public act of national thanksgiving ; that mission services be arranged for in town and country in which tbe Christian Churches and agencies shall en- deavour to secure that the whole people of the colony shall have offers of salvation brought within their reach during the coming 12 months ; and that efforts be made to in- crease the circulation and reading of the Holy Scriptures in the homes of tho people ; to se- cure the more careful training of the young, and to nrge on the community a deeper rej gard for and more reverent observance of the Lord's Day." It was suggested that the pub- lic thanksgiving mentioned above might be on the 26th of January, which ts to be in future observed as a holiday throughout the colo- nies, and it was decided, on the recommen- dation of the executive, that a call to prayer should be published. It was further decided that until the end of January central weekly prayer meetings, for the purpose of invoking a blessing, be held every Friday evening in the hall of the Young Men's Christian Asso- ciation, Melbourne. 