HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19. The Speaker took the chair at 2 o'clock. THE AGRICULTURAL PROFESSORSHIP. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. Coles), in reply to Mr. Bagster, said the salary offered in England for the position of Professor of Agricul ture was the same as tbat offered in the colony, viz., £500 per annum and house, fuel, and water. HOLIDAY FOR RAILWAY EMPLOYEES AT WALLABOO AND MOONTA. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. A. Catt), in reply to Mr. Fdener, said if the men on the Wallaroo and Moonta railway line had not received a holiday he would see that they were treated as other railway employes had been. . THE LAND LAWS. In reply to Mr Caldwell, the COMMISSIONER of GROWN LAN1S i^on. J. Coles) said he was not aware that large numbers of South Australians are leaving for Victoria-(Mr. Caldwell— ' That is the case, nevertheless') — and the Government did not propose to do anything towards altering the land laws beyond what is proposed in the Land Bill before the House. THK BEEAK-OF-GAUGE DIFFICULTY. Mr. BEWS moved— 'That a Select Committee he appointed to continue the work of the Railway Com mission of 1884, with a view to making recommenda- tions to Parliament for overcoming the break-of- gauge difficulty and other matters. He thought it would be acknowledged by everyone connected with tbe railways that we should expect a larger income from that branch of our business on which we had incurred the greatest expenditure, and aa we had spent more in connection with the construction of railways for the development of tbe country tban on any other class of public works it was only risfht that we should expect to receive our largest amount of rei enue therefrom. If this were so it wa3 certain that there was some defect in the system, and it was their duly to have that defect removed as speedily a? possible. This principle was reeocnised by the House in 1883, when a Select Committee was appointed to en luire into the working of our railways and other matters. That committee was mereed into a commission, and a mass of valuable information was collected, but un fortunately the commission was brought to an abrupt termination through the unfortunate circumstances arising at the opening of the Hills railway, sometimes known astheThowmuddle. That information waSjiiow ever, still available, and it was the duty of the House to appoint a committee, who could utilise it and extend investigations thereon. It was a fortunate circumstance that there were still in the House nearly all the members of tbe Railway Commission, and he thought there would be no difficulty in once more obtaining tbe services of those gentlemen. He had specially mentioned the break-of-gauge diffi- culty in his motion, because he regarded that as more than anything else having interfered with the management of our railways. (An hon. member — 'That is a mere nothing.') The loss of time which was involved by the break of gauge was a matter of the most serious moment. Another question of almost equal' Importance was that of the goods classification adopted by the Railway Department. Any one acquainted with the present management of the goods traffic would say it causes delay and costs from 25 to 50 per cent, more than a common-sense system would do. This subject could, however, be more profitably dealt with by the Railway Board, but still he held that the question of dealing effectively with the break of gauge difficulty cannot profitably be undertaken by a Railway Board, but must be grappled with by the House itself. It was acknow ledged that the break-of-gauge is a great disadvan tage, and it was most unfoitunate that the House had turned a deaf ear to the warnings of the late Mr. A. F. Lindsay. He (Mr. Bews) labored under a profound ignorance on this point, and he believed he shared this ignora- ce with the Government Department, as otherwise things would not have continued in their present position so long. The longer the matter was postponedithe greater the difficulty would eventually be to overcome. He was forcibly reminded of this toe other day when be visited Silverton. At present we could fcrm no estimate of the great increase of traffic which will take place there, and every tJn carried would suffer from the break of gauge at Terowie. When the break of gauge first took plaoe it was never imagined it would become so serious, because it was first thought tbe narrow lines would be cheap feeding lines to the main {railroads, but unfortunately past experience showed that the 3 feet 6 inch gauge has cost very little less than the 5 feet 3 inch line to construct. Bat the practical effect at the junction stations' had been of the most serious character. The remedy for tbat evil must rest with the committee which he advocated. Were they to continue the present ua satisfactoty system ? He thought not. It was sug gested that all the lines north of Adelaide might be made on tbe narrow gauge. Another was to make all tbe lines on tbe broad gauge, and another was to mix the gauges. Ae to the proposal made in connection with the transfer of the locality of the break of gauge on the north line, he attached no importance to them, because tbey appeared to be projected with a view only to securing certain undoubted local advan- tages arising out of the break of gauge. Mr. Higinbotbam, when examined before the Pablio Works Commissioner in 1879 and 1889, Slid that he felt that as eo many miles had been Uid on the narrow gauge we must keep to it. At question 260 he was asked which gauge it would be best to adhere to. Mr. Higinbotham replied that if we were starting de novo we ought to use the i feet Si inch gange, but as so many miles were already laid on the 3 feet 6 iuch gauge we ought to keep to it, though he feared it was too narrow for efficient working. He went on to eay that by laying a narrow gauge rail inside ttie broad gauge the inconvenience arising out of the break of gauge would be minimised. Eince tbat time we had nearlj- doubled tbe length of the line on tne narrow gauge system, so that the force of Mr. Higinbotbam's opinions would be increased. The cost of altering the system ol gauges had been estimated in different papers which had been laid before Parliament. The Eogineer-in-Cbief calculated tbat tbe cost of altering the gauge from Terowie to Port Adelaide, including everything, would ba £411,000, and tbe estimate for mixing the gauges was something like £218,000. It would ill become him to offer his opinion in opposition to that of the Engineer in-Chief, and he did not intend to do so, but he would point out that at question 270 of the evidence from which be had been quoting Mr. Higinbotham said when he was in Canada the gauge was about to be altered on 650 miles, and the estimated cost was £40,000, while the cost of altering each engine would be £C20, and of each car £25. Members would agree that the estimate of tbe Enffineer-in -Chief with regard to the line from Terowie to Port Adelaide was rather beyond the mark when compared with the estimate for the alteration of the gauge on 550 miles of the Canadian railway. At question 272 Mr. Higin botham said the Canadians had been forced to make the alterations because of the competition of other railways. Kow. we had not that competition, but considering that we lost £170.000 oa our railways last year it became a great necessity to do something to turn this lose into a profit. He would like hon. members to refer to the evidence given in connection with tbe commissions to which he had alluded. He would give a short Bummary of the questions, which would enable members to judge whether he was justi fied in proposing this motion. The questions were as follows :— In the same report Mr. Mais, 779 ta 906, 4.080 to 4.C97 ; Mr. Patterson, 920 Tto 1,019 ; Mr. Pendleton, 1.397 to 1,398; the Hon. J. Colton, 4,162 to 4,212; Mr. Thow, 2,168 to 2,178; Mr. R. A. White, in tbe report ot the Select Commit tees on the Management of Railways, 3,690 to 3,617. With regard to the alteration of tbe wheel-guage there had been numerous inventors, amongst whom he found the names of Hargrave, McKinlay, Hudet, Becker, Duncan & Fra=cr, Anderson, Williams, R. A. White (2), Strongman & Bailey, Landlord, HawKer. Fctberitgham, Smith (of the Port), Preiss, Wilson, and last but not least the hon member. Mr. Horn, who ptopoeed to use hopper trucks, which were all very well for one class of goods. Fourteen of these had applied for patents, but so far only two of them had had anything like a fair test. — onderson's and Ramsey's. The disadvantage at tached to the invention of the former was that it required that certain nuts should be unscrewed to alter the truck and to be screwed up again before the train started, and any neglect to screw up any bolt would mean disaster to the train. Ramsey's patent was now being tried at Terowie, by which each truck had to be dealt with separately. It was stated that it only took four or five minutes to alter the gauge of each truck, but he had noticed the other dsy that 40 minutes had been occupied in altering one truck. It seemed quite patent tbat any invention which required the alteration of the gauge of the trucks could not be thought of. It wonld be better to remove the goods from one truck to another as at present, which was generally done in four or five minutes, except in tbe case of cattle, and then it depended upon the kind ot cattle. It seemed absurd to go on with any further expenditure in experiments with regard to the system of altering the gauge of trucks. He maintained that it was undesirable that the Government should undertake the responsibility of testiDg inventions. It would be impossible for them to comply with the request of every Jack, Tom, and Harry who made an invention ; and in the next place, where the Government undertook. the respon sibility, as in the case of Bamsey's, it was only Datural that the engineers who recommended the trial should have a bias hi favor of that inven tion, while better but less fortunate inventors might be placed at a great disadvantage. (Mr. Hopkins — ' Who is the engineer?') The hon. member knew as well as he did who was the engineer. (Mr. Hopkins —'Mr. Mais?') Thus it seemed to him that the work of the committee would be narrowed down to two or perhaps three points. They would first have to decide whether the weight of evidence pointed to tbe desirableness of altering the gauges, and if it did to ascertain the best and cheapest -wey in which it conld be carried out, and with the least inconvenience to the public It would be the duty of the committee to suggest what course should be taken either aa regards the abolition of the break of gauge or the adoption of some expedient whereby the difficulty in connection with the break of gauge might be abolished (Hear, hear.) On the motion of Mr. HOPKINS the debate was adjourned till Wednesday next. GOVERNMENT A88ISTABCE TO MINING KNIEBPBI8E. Mr. FCBNER moved— 'Tbat in the opinion of this House it is desirable that the sum of £20,000 be set apart out of the general revenue for the purpose of affording assistance In the mining development of the colony, to be advanced by way of loan to mining and crashing companies in accordance, with regulations to he made.' He was convinced that tbe development of our great mining resources was tbe most important subject that could attract our attention, surpassing even in the possibility of rapid and payable returns even tbe pastoral and agricultural capabilities of the colony. Before now the mining interest had pulled the country through in times of the direstdepres8ion-(hear,hear)— and he felt certain that the reefaat Teetulpa, at Waukaringa, and in the far northwest would astonish the world with their wealth, and bad they been in Victoria would long ere . this have attracted general attention and develop ment. (Hear, hear.) He did not propose that the grant be asked for shpnld be scattered broadcast to Government prospecting parties. What he proposed was that the money should be devoted to the assis tance of private parties who would spend their own capital to open up mines. The money ehould be Spent systematically, and under the proper supervision of a mining inspector— an official whb would work in con junction with the Government geologist A few small loans bad already been made by the Government with the most satisfactory results, notably in the case of the Bi-4 3^-Hand and the Alma mines. These mines had been mostpluckily worked, and in the case of the Bird-in-Hand mine the assistance afforded had enabled the comrany to cope with the water difficulty, aDd to give promise of turn ing cut a prosperous undertaking. xne game thing would apply to the -^Waukaringa mines, which bad been most perseveringrly worked under great difficulties. This House Mid not think very much of voting £20,000 for the purpose of establish ing cne Industry— tbat of pipemakiBfi;— in this colony. If the Bouse could do that, surely it would agree to advsnee £20,fC0 by way of lean which would pro bably have the effect of developing and making pros perous a score of mines in the colony. If only one good mine were developed the country would be re paid tenfold— (hear, hear)— and moreover, it the mines turned out well the advances would he repaid. Tbe Treasurer had shown the House when the tariff was under consideration that were the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar remitted there would be 8'fficient revenue to make both ends meet; and now that those duties had been retained, surely we could devote £20,000 out of the general revenue for the purpose of developing mining. (Hear, hear.) If the motion were carried he believed immense advantages would result in a very short time. (Mr. Hopkins—' What about the'deficit ?') We had an overflowing treasury, and couH spare this amount of revenue. He did not ask for it as a elft, but simply as a loan, which, 11 the thing was successful, would be repaid to th-- Govf rnment. and only if there was a failure would tbe State lose in the same proportion as private individual who are prepared to stake their own capital. If only one venture in a dozen was a success 't would be of such national importance that the Government wou'd be repaid tenfold. He had every confidence in the go'.d warden, but it was un fair to that gentlemin to send fcim out to report on the prospects of gold mines. Mr. Hack aid not profess to un-'eistand the matter, and it was Dot fair tomakehim the responsible adviser of the Government as to how tbe money should be applied. In conjunc tion with the Government geologist we wanted a practical miner who could advise where the money should be spent, and afterwards inspect the workings and tee that they were beinsr executed judiciously end cconomicallv. We wanted such a man to see that the mines are properly timbered and fit to work in. He had a few facts which would show the amount of work done by private entemrise in. developing these mines, in spite of all discourage ments. The Two-inthe-Bush mine had spent £12.921, and had plant and machinery valued at £3,000, and a nain shaft 260 feet deep; the Ridge Company had spent £12.301. and had machinery valued at £4,000; while the Bird-in Hand Company had paid considerably over £39,000 in calls. People who were prepared to epend their money in this way deserved Borne encouragement. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands — 'The Bird-in-Hand has received £2,000 alreidy.) The Bird in-Hand and the Ridge had both been refused any advance. O he Commissioner of Grown Lands— ' Any further advance.') He understood the Government was only prepared to assist mines when tbe shareholders lefused to pay anymore calls; so that plucky companies who help themselves are are refused any help Of coarse proper supervision was necessary to ensure that the advances were pro perly 6pent. and even now he did not think tae Government was justified in advancing the present email grant under imperfect supervision. He felt that the development of our mining industry should be made a leading feature of our policy. What would Victoria and Queensland be to-day withoub the de velopment of their mines? As long as we confined our attention to wheat and woolgrowiog we should remain a one-horse colony, but a vigorous mininsr policy would do more to advance South Australia speedily than anything else, (Hear, hear.) On the motion of the COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. Coles) the debate was adjourned until Wednesday next. THE SEWAGE FARM. Mr. NASH moved — ' That a return bs laid upon the table of this House, showing the number of horses, horned cattle, and sheep grazing on the Sewage Farm at Islington, from January 1, 1SS7, to June 30, ISS7 ; the rate for agistment for horses, horned, cattle, and sheep respectively ; the amount received for such agistment for the same period ; ' the quantity of lind on the farm let during the same period f oi lucern leases: the amount received for such leases dur ing that period ; the number of such leases granted during that period.' The object of the motion was to obtain such information as to the working of the Sewage Farm as would show whether it was conducted on the best and most profitable principles. There were 480 acres on the farm, 210 being used for sewage, leaving a balance of 270 acres devoted to grazing-. The question was whether it pays best to lioense the acre-blocks at £10 an acre or to let the land for grazing at 2a. 3d. p =r head. Carritd. OSIER CULTIVATION IN T5E COUNTY OF H1NDMARSH. 3Ir. HUSSET moved— 'That a report he obtained from the Conservator of Forests, and lail upon the table of this House, as to the adaptability or other wise of the swamps known as the Square Waterholes, tbe Hungry and Black Swamps, in the county of bindmarsh, for the cultivation of the osier.' He said the country known as the Square Waterholes and the Hungry and Black Swamps had during the whole period of the colony's history lain utterly useless. The soil was exceedingly rich owlnsr to the continuous decay of vegetable matter, and water was always on tbe spot, so tbat the question arose in hid mind whether 6ointthing could not be grown more profit able than the wretahed ecrub for which that part of the country is noted. He had do wish to begin the utilisation of this land in an ambitious way, but would recommend a tree which can be easily grown, and is much used in basket manufacture— the osier. If this could be done a great stimulus would be given to a native industry, and the Conservator of Forests in bis ' Practical Treatise on Tree Culture' mentioned the osier as specially suited for mo'st localities. He wrote — 'There are many spots in the colony where osiers could be grown to great advantage and profit to the owner. At present the makine of basketware is not one of our industries, but when we think of the number of baskets which could be utilised in the EbippiDg of fruit and potatoes to our looa' and foreign markets it is, I think, a matter of surprise that the subject has not yet been taken up. Feeling convinced that it will ere long receive the amount of attention it deserves I devote a short chapter to some recom mendations regarding the formation of osier beds.' He fuither writes : — ' Osiers must have plenty of moisture to succeed well and grow to perfection. Unless tbey have this it is useless to attempt to grow them. They suaoeed beet upon eubEoUof a dtep loose strong loam with a retentive eubsoil, Euch as we invariably find where water lodges. They also, however, grow well on soils of a poorer and lighter character, so long as there is p'enty of moisture and Eubsoil, although in this case the crop will not be in such bulk and to such per fection as in the ether case referred to. An excellent site for an oaier bed is on a flat with high grounds all round it, from which moistare is supplied to the plants by gravitation.' This was exactly the sort of country to which he was alluding. The whole of the rainfall which fell on the ranges to the north-west and south-east drained into theBe waterholes. A more suitable site could scarcely be selected for osier beds. The Conservator Siid further — 'Per- haps, however, the best of all is on the banks of a river near the tea which are subjeot to tidal overflow. On such a site the beds are supplied with plenty of water and manure in the shape of mud sediment from which cause a great growth ensues, and notwithstand ing frequent cuttings no deterioration of the crop takes place.' This was a valuable growth, and acre 'fnr acre might be more profitable than wheat or hay. The osiers were very simply prepared for market, and when so prepared were worth from 25s. to 28s. a ton. This would evidently be a valuable addition to out native industries. (Hear, hear) He felt quite sure that this land which was now under misoellaneous leases, and was resumable, he thought, under six months' notice, might be laid out as working men's blocks, and not only osiers but fruit trees as well might be easily and profitably cultivated there. It was known to be a very healthy locality, and at present the main road from Willunga ran through the Square Waterholes and tbe Hungry swamp, while the railway passed near the Black Swamp. These would then he hi very close proximity to the market, as the products could easily be taken to Port Victor or Middletoa. He was not asking for any expenditure from the Government, but only required that a report should be obtained from the Conservator. He had much pleasure in moving for thf [return. (Bear, hear ) The TREASDRER (Hon. T. Playford) said the Government had no objection to the motion of the hon. member, and he had no doubt that osiers would grow there. The only question was whether they could be grown at a profit. He had tried them, and he found that though they could be grown cheaper than the ordinary cane they would not stand so well for the purposes of fruit and vegetable growers. the country referred to was no doubt adaptedootonly to the growth of the osier, but also of otberproducte, and eminently the potato, (Hear.hear.) Tbe Black Swamp contained any quantity of water, and the soil con sisted of vegetable matter which was the deposit of many ages. If it, was situated near Adelaide the country would become one of the principal places which supplied the city with fruit and vegetables. The Government would be very pleased to give every facility to people who were willing to take up the land, but those who did so would require some little capital to enable them to get over oae or'two seasons It coet about £50 or £100 per acre to put land of this sort in a fit state for cultivation. They would have to cut a deep drain, and additional underground drains. (Mr. Burgoyne— ' Is there any fall V) Then they had to out down the indigenous growth of matted weeds, shave it off, burn It, spread it over the soil, and to grow crops like potatoes and tnrnipa before it was ready for the growth of other crops. In the hilly dis tricts of this colony where swampy country had been cultivated, the owners had Tved by carting wood and so on UDtil they could get their lands under cultivation, but this could not be done in the black swamp country, so that some little capital would be required. The Government would have very great pleasure in acceding to the hon. member's request, and no doubt the Conservator's report would be a very valuable one. (Bear, hear.) Mr. WARD said he quite agreed as to the capa bility of the Square Waterholes. Many years ago he had proposed to have that land drained by surface drainage into the Black Swamp or Currency Creek, which was tbe natural drain for the country. He quite agreed thai that country would grow many other products besides osiers. He had already beard the opinion of tbe Conservator of Water upon this matter. Tbat gentleman said it was perfectly possible to cultivate osiers in that part of the colony, but that they ceuld not be grown successfully in swampy land. It would be required to be drained of all tbe stagnant water. It would, be thought, be worth while to ask the Conservator what other pro ducts could .be grown if the oonntry were drained on the surface. He would like to mova an addition to the motion to that effect if the' hon. mem ber would agree to it. (Mr. Huasey— ?'Certainly.') The soil was a rich black mould, and good fresh water could be found always, but at certain periods ef the year a considerable quantity of water collected and stagnated on the surface. It oouU, however, be drained away into the Black Swamp by surface drain age. Considering that the swamps bad a road on one tide and a. railway on the other, be did not know ot any better place in the colony where small homesteads could be established. He was .very glad the bon. member had brought the mailer forward, and he moved to add the words, .«-ofcif drained for small homestead settlements for tb« cultivation .of other products' ? . '... Mr. HOWE asked if the Ctovemment could inform the House what was the area of jfceas swamps, (the Treasurer—4* I don't know the area.') Mr. CAiDWELL strongly eupported the motion as amended. He was surprised at the modesty of the re-raest, whioh the Government could not do other wise then accept. He thought a very valuable in duBtry might be established in that part of the country, because tbe osier was eminently adapted for the manufacture of furniture as well as baskets. There should, therefore, be a reasonable demand for this product. He cordially supported the motion. Mr. HTJSSEY, in reply, said he had had a conversation with Mr. Tannert, a basket manufacturer, who had informed him that the osiers would grow In the water. He had never seen any stagnant water in that part ot the country. The water drained naturally into the Finniss River. He could not say what was tbe exact area of the swamps. He was greatly obliged to hon. members for the support he had received. The amendment was carried, and the motion as amended passed. TAXATION— ASSESSMENT ON LAND. Adjourned debate on the motion ot Mr Glvnx — 'That in the opinion of this House the operation of clause 36 of the Taxation Act, 1884, ehould be allowed to continue, and a new assessment of land, liable to land tax, ehould be made as, and to take effect, from the 1st January, 1888.' Mr. E. W. HAWKER had arranged to continue the debate in the place of Mr. Rounse^ell. He desired to point out that the hon. mover bad been unwittingly led into errors, some of which he had pointed out in a letter to the press; but that letter had escaped notice in some cases even by press people themselves, for it was evidently not before a writer of a recent leading article hi the Ad'-ert-ser. The hon. member had not been quire fair in his criticisms on the aaseflu ment. He said that if the Commissioner reduced the assessment by one-third there would not be many appeals; but the effect of such a reduction would, of course, equally be felt on the land of th-j monopolist and of the poor holder. The hon. member went on to say that tbe Eouth Australian Company was raising its rents. That was, as was subsequently explained by Mr. Glynn, only in reply to an interjec tion, but in any rase did not convey a correct im pression, and elicited from Mr. Brind, the manager of the South Australian Company, the re mark that 'this part of Mr. Glyon's statement is about as true as the announcement made by him in the same ppeech 'that the company is raising its rents in anticipation ot the revival of trade.' Mr. Glyrjn in reply wrote : — ' Of tbe statement that the company is raising its rents we have his implied, not direct, denial. The statement was elicited by an in terjection, and would not have been made except oa authority which I Relieved to have been good, but tbat it could only apply to cases in which new lettings afforded the opportunity of increasing the rents should be self-evident' He had been told by Mr. Brind that ji some cases he was raising the Teats, but in others lowering them, according to. circumstances of the case, and this was only natural. The hon. member, speaking of the assessments and tbe way they were made, said : — ' He would now rive some examples of the manner in which the assess ments were made three years ago. They would find as a rule that city lands and the property of big holders had been undervalued. (Ob no.) He would endeavor to prove that there were cases in which the valuation of the land held by monopolists was very low, while the owners of adjoining lands were assessed at a much higher rate.' He went on to refer to four sections in the hundred of Adelaide con taining 523 acres and atsessed at £27 an acre, whereas 36 acres adjoining were assessed at £60 per acre. As a fact, however, the four sections referred to were assessed at £^70, not £97 an acre, which made all the difference. The explanation of the hon. member was that a ' 0' had been dropped, but if so he was comparing sections assessed at £270 with tbose assessed at £60, aid thus proving the re verse of tbe position he sought to establish. He would be glad tohearhowthehon. member proposedto pet out of tbat difficulty, even allowing for the theory of the dropped '0.' /gain, the bon. member said — 'He would refer to sections 101, 108, 156, and 2082 in the hundred of Adelaide. The total acreage of these eections was 326 acres. The original assess ment was £19,560, and this « as reduced on appeal to £13,046. This land was owned by a m^n who could afford to appeal. He did appeal, and the figures were re duced The adjoinin? land was assessed at £10, £50, and £60 per acre.' If the hon. m°mber were to go ever that land be would see that the sections varied in value very much— (hear, hear)— quite sufficiently to account for the difference in the valuation. North of section 101 was section 103, assessed at £66 an acre, and section 158 at £25 an acre. (Hear, hear.) Again, 'As more strongly sbowiotr the gluing in equality of the assessment he would take the case of the owner of a block of land who had other sections scattered about the hundred of Adelaide. The sec tion he had referred to contained a total acreage of 6,842 acres, and was first assessed at £161,050, but subsequently this was reduced to £84,333.' Now there was no one owner in the ceunty of Adelaide who owned 3,000 acres. One owned over 2.000 and another something over l,0i-0 acres. The hon. member proceeded to ' take the case of sections 163, 164, 165, 166, 167, 168, 169, 170,171, 215. 216, 217. 218. 223, 224. 225, 226, part ot 172, part of 222, and part of 2026\. These were all pretty well in one block, and con tained 1,480 acres orieioally assessed at £76.260. but on an appeal being'made this amount was reduced to £22,200. There were no improvements on the land. With reference to pa.it of section 222. which, con tained 40 acres, the assessment was reduced, taking an average, to £15 per acre, while the adjoining farmers had to pay over £50 an acre — nearly four times as much as this, notwithstanding that the sections were situated side by side. The land was situated between Glenelg and Henley Beach, and had the PatawalongaRiverrunningthrough it, a main road and a railway.' If the hon. member had looked at the map he would have seen that there was no railway running through the land. A lot of tbe land was camphire and sand swamp. Some of the Eections belonging to the same owner were EEsessed at ££0, and one near tbe Pata.walon.ga dam at £160. The hon. member had made a remark able explanation about that. He wrote:— 'In other cases tbe apparent inequalities in the assessment wete, I now believe from the best information obtain able, due to exceptional differences in tbe values of adjoining holdings. These were mistakes in matters of inference and opinion into which the searcher was innocently led, and into one of which he could scarcely have helped falling. But I told the House I spoke only from the appearances of the assessment book, and thefe were figures correctly stated.' In making the charges he did the hon. member should have taken more care to ensure accuracy. He was surprised to see that Mr. Berens wrote to say that the figures given by the hon. member as to the Arcade were absolutely ascurate. What the hon. member said was— 'Sections 84 and 85 were situated by the Arcade, with a frontage of 106 feet to Rundle-street, and were let on a lease for 50 years at a rental of £22 per foot. The valuation was only £27,680. It should be if the rent were capitalised at 20 years' purchase £46,640.' He had looked the matter up, and found that the 100 feet was made up of two lots, part of which belonged to the Arcade Company and part did not The land leased by the Arcade consisted of two portions of land, one 53 ft. 9 in. x 20 feet. Before the assessment the 53 feet 9 inches now rented by the Arcade Company was let by Debney to Gay at a rent of £500, or £9 6s. per foot. For the first four months the rent was £500 per annum, then for 20 years it was fixed at £750 per annum, for the next 20 years at £1,100, and for the last 10 years of the term £1,350 per annum. From April 1, 1885, there was an underlease from Patrick Gay to Emmanuel Cohen. Saul Solomon, Joachim Matheas Wendt, and Lewis Henry Berens. Mr. Berens was the gentle- man who was the writer of the letter in which it was contended that Mr. Glynn's figures were correct. (Mr. Glynn — ' He ought to know.') He thought we could trust our Registry Office for the figures in this respect (Mr. Hopkins— ' Things have gone wrong with the Government before ;' and the Treasurer— " No.*') Very few mistakes were made in the Registry Office. (Hear.hear.) With regard to the 20 feet of the land, there was some ground for the statement that the rent was £22 a foot. This land was originally let at £4 10s a foot, The Adelaide Arcade Company re- quired this piece of land in order to carry out their scheme, and the landlord seeing an opportunity of getting a big profit let it to the company at a rent of £22 per foot. But this was on June 25, 1885, or very nearly six months after the assessment was made, and not as Mr. Glynn seemed to think at the time the assessment was made. Now, as to the farmers, the hon. member had said : — ' The valuation of city lands on the whole had been reduced, while the valuation of the country lands owned by poor struggling farmers had not been reduced at all. This was accounted for by the fact that farmers were unable to appeal because their pockets were too shallow. (Mr. Handyside— Some of them did.') There were only a compara tively few farmers who had had the original valuation of their property reduced. It was upon these broad general grounds tbat it was desirable to have an assess- ment made and justice done.' But the hon. member found out tbat he had made a mistake, and in a letter to the press he said : — ' My close personal examina tion has shown me tbat most of the appeals appear to have been made in respect to country lands. I had to the contrary a written report, stating, to quote verba tim, 'although I would not be prepared to say that in no instance have reductions been made to bona-fide farmers or small holders, yet I cannot remember to have come across one single one.' ' Whoever had made tbat statement to the non. member had misled him most grossly, for he found in the first hundred to which he turned in the assessment-book— the hundred of Appila— tbat out of about 220 assessments there bad been about 114 appeals. That would be the case with a great number of the farming districts, and it would be found tbat the assessments had been re duced one-third, and in some cases to one-half. The Commissioner of Taxes some time sgo said tbat there had been about 14,000 appeals and ob jections (the majority were from farmers), and of these only two went into court, one being tbe case - f the Savings Bant, and the other that of the P. & O. Company, and both these were appeals on matters of principle. (Hear, bear.) Mr. Glynn went on to explain in his letter to the press as follows : — ' My reason, sir, for offering this explanation through your columns Is that the press affords the earliest opportunity of qualifying the inferences drawn from eome of the figures used, and of at the Bame tame assuring those who may have troubled to read my speech through that I make no reflection on either the integrity or ability of the Commissioner of Taxes. It has pained me very much to think that my remarks may have been ODen to an interpretation not intended, and that they might lead eome to suppose that I do not know the conunitsioner to be what he is^-as courteous as a gentleman ehould be, and an upright and most efficient officer of the public service.' Some letters had appeared in the press signed ' Astounded,' but be (Mr. Hawker) bad not taken that writer's state ments. He bad verified everything himself, and he could only say that in this matter he was afraid Mr. Glynn had been led away by the craze of land nationalisation. It had been no pleasure to him to Bhowhowinaccuratetbebon. member had been, hut he had thought it only fair totheCSommissioner of Taxes, to the land monopolists, and to the publio that they ihould know the true facts of the case. On the motion of Mr. BAGSTER tbe debate was adjourned until Wednesday next. LOCAL COURT AT PETERSBURG. Adjourned debate on the motion of Mr. Ward— 'That an address be presented to his Excellency the Governor praying his Excellency to issue a proclama tion constituting and establishing a Local Court at Petersbure.' Mr WARD, in reply, said it was with the object of enabling him to deal with the report which had been received from the stipendiary magistrate on this sub ject that on August 24 be had secured an adjourn ment of the debate. If the report of the stipendiary magistrate were unimpeachable the Attorney-General would have solid grounds for his opposition, but he thought he could convince the House that not merely on this occasion, but throughout a course of years, the Magistrate had deliberately set himself against any attempt to establish a Local Court either atYongala or Petersburg. The Attorney - General was scarcely correct in saying that successive Governments for a number of years bad declined to comply with the request for the establishment of a court at Petersburg, when the matter was first brought for ward there was a great doubt in his mind as to whether a Local Court between Jamestown and Terowie should be established at Yongala or Peters burg, but when Petersburg became the junction of our northern ralwav system the Attorney-General of the day admitted that the circumstances of the case bad changed, and if a court were to be established it must be at Petersburg, and 'not at Tongata. (The Attorney-General— 'Of course.') Now, tbe stipen diary magistrate had .gone out of his way tolpro pBesy that the best dayB.oIJPeJtersburg had departed, and he aBked whether it was fair that the action ot the- House should .be guided or influenced in any degr.ee.by the report «f a man who bad thus gone out of his way to prophesy as to the future state of Petersburg $ He would give bon. mem. bers a material fact with regard ts Petersburg. There bad been a great deal ct building goiaar on in the township, and there was not an unocsupied hauae in the place, and many ot the people were living in the hotels because they could not get homes in Jfhich to live. Another thing was thit being the junction station the immense development ot tbe country to the east and north- east naturally concentrated there, and they could not sit what would be the development of Petersburg except by means of the measurement they placed on the development of the north-eastern country. It was idle for a stipendiary magistrate, because he did not want the additional work, to give such a report. (The Attorney-General— ' That is not fair.') He was sure the Attorney- General did not wish Mr. Edmunds to give a report as to whether the best days of Petersburg bad or bad not gone, but the fact that the magistrate had come to this conclusion at tbe end of six years, during which he pissad through Petersburg every time he went to Terowie. and during which he had consistently opposed the establishment of this court, was a reason why members ehould Bay that there was not much valua to be attached to the report. A Local Court at Petersburg would scarcely cost the country anything. The magistrate and clerk might fairly be asked to stay the nfght at Petersburg in stead of Terowie, holding the court at Petersburg one day and going on to Terowie the next The whole expense would not be more than £50. In his return for Ifc87 Mr. Edmunds estimated the cost of holding a monthly court, and an office open two days a week, at £30. That would be the cost of the Insti tute, together with a convenient room set apart for the exclusive use of the clerk. The magistrate reckoned his own travelling expenses at £L2a year and the clerk'n salary at £20. He disputed thelast item alto gether, and would point out that in his previous esti mate Mr. Edmunds gave £50 as the sum required for the clerk. No extra clerk was required, because the clerk from Jamestown pisses through Petersburg every week, and can do the work. (The Attorney General—' Would you pay nothing for it ?') Cer tainly ; the expense need not be £20. Mr. Edmunds also put down the railway fares of the clerk from Orroroo at £5 17s , but this was another misleading fallacy. It was absurd to suppose that when the Jamestown clerk actually travels through Petersburg it should be necessary to bring the Orroroo clerk to Petersburg to do the work. In 1884 Mr. Edmunds was of opinion that the whole thing would only cost £81 12s., and the clerk's salary was then reckoned at £52. Be (Mr. Ward) estimated the gross outlay of a court at Petersburg at about £;0— £30 for the Institute Hall, £10 or £12 for the few extra expenses incurred by the magistrate and clerk staying there for two or three hours, and £5 for stationery. The corresponding revenue would come in f torn the number of summonses which are now not issued because people cinnot incur the expense of paying the mileage on the distance to Terowie. (The Attorney -General — 'I promised to meet you with re gard to mileage.') At present Mr. Edmunds, in order to catch tbe morning train from Terowie and get home that day, was in the habit of opening his court there at 9 in the morning. (The Attorney-General — ' For the public convenience ') The bulk of the Terowie Court business came from Petersburg, bo that rrost of tbe parties in a case had to get up eirly and drive over, as there was no train at that hour, or they must stay overnight in Teriwie. ( the Attorney General— 'No cases are struck out before 10.') Ko ; but the magistrate was in the habit of leaving two local just;ces to settle cases of limitei jurisdiction instead of attending to them himself, so as to catch his train, Would the Attorney- General justify that action? (Tbe Attorney-General— ' Yes ; two justices can take cases of limited jurisdiction.') Yes, but fce protested against a stipendiary magistrate neglectitg his duty in this way. In a case between two local tradesmen at Terowie the otber day the magistrate went away and left the matter to be decided by two local justices, with the result that the suitors were not patiefitd. (The Attorney- General— 'No court satisfies both parties.') He asked the House to consider that for seven years past this magistrate hid tried to study his o^n convenience rather than the wants of the district. iDr. Cockburn— 'He is a most pains taking magistrate and performs his duties very fairly ;' and the Attorney -General— ' Hear, hear.') He might be painstaking, but he was biassed against the establishment of i court at Petersburg. If tbe Attorney-General would not concede justice to that place, he asked the House to weigh these hostile reports, and say that if the annual expense does not exceed £50. Mr. Edmunds and his clerk might be fairly asked to give a few hours to accommodate Petersburg. Formerly a Minister could issue a pro clamation for the establishment of a Local Court, but now an address had to be presented to his Excellency from both Houses of the Legislature, so that the decision of this House would not be final Let them give the Legislative Council a chance of considering the question. He did not wish to do any injustice to Mr. Edmunds, but Bimply to give him a little more work, which would be a pleasant variation to fill up his leisure moments. (Laughter.) He asked the House to agree with him in this matter, and if tbe other House also passed an address he was sure the Attorney-General would never regret that Petersburg had received justice in this matter at least. The motion was then put, and declared negatived. Mr. WARD called for a division, which resulted as follows :— Atbs, 13— Hon. G. C. Hawker, Dr. Cockburn, Messrs. Bartlett, Caldwell, Furner, Giles, Glynn, Homburg, Howe, Kimber, Livingston, Nash, and Ward (teller). Nobs, 16— The Commissioner of Public Works, Commissioner of Crown Lands, Treasurer, Messrs. Easedow, Castlne, Cohen, Dashwood, H E. Downer, Duncan, Gould, Jenkins, Landseer, Moulden, Smith, Stcck, and tbe Attorney-General (teller). Majority of 3 for the Noes. CRIMINAL L\W AMENDMENT BILL. Second reading. Mr. SMITH said he moved the second reading of this Bill with very great pleasure. He thought he had the sympathy of every member of the House in bringing the Bill forward. (Hear, hear.) In the other House the introducer of the measure had in a most able speech given a very clear idea of the inten tions of the Bill. The preamble spoke for itself in 6ajing — 'Whereas there is reason to believe thai, many offenders might be induced to reform if. in stead of being committed to prison upon their first conviction, an opportunity of reformation were afforded them, and it is expedient to amend the law so far as to sllow of such opportunity being afforded.' This plan had been tried in America for many years acd had been found to work veiy well. As far back as 1884 the probation officer in making his report of the system stated that no less than 83 or 84 per cent of tbe criminals who had thus been offered a second chance had reformed and became good citizens. If we could do something of that kind here it would be doing great good. (Hear, bear.) When the case of Burford came before the Chief Justice a week or two sgo. if an Act of this kind had been in force he be lieved tbat man would in all probability never had been heard of again, instead' of being a criminal mixing up with those who would not improve him, but would very much degenerate him. (Hear, hear.) As that man had been no less than seventeen years in tbe service of the Postal Department the officers in that department were collecting subscriptions to provide for his wife and family while he was in gaol, showing the estimation in which he was held by them. If he had had a second chance he would have been able to go elsewhere and earn a living. (The Attorney-General — 'You don't know the circum stances of the case.') It was the man's first offenoe, and this Bill would have given the judge the power to give him a second chance. He was sure that Messrs. Cohen, Grayson, and Nash, who had accom panied him to the Reformatory hulk a few days ago, would agree that, although the Reformatory hulk was the best place they could be sent to under the present state of tbe law, the boys there would, if they had had a second chanie, have been much better. (Hear, hear.) The greatest sin had been that they had been found out, and he was sure many members of the House had in their boyish days committed crimes just as bad as those for which boys were now suffering in the hulk. (Hear, bear.) A Bill with exactly the same objects had been brought into the House of Commons last year and into the House of Lords this year. It had been introduced by the Earl of Belmore, who was supported by Lord Coleridge in these words : — 'No men cou'd have been engaged for any length of time in the administration of criminal justice without feel ing the great Injustice which was done in the case df small offenders. Within the last year two boys hardly able to raise their faces above the bar were brought be fore him after a previous conviction. The offence was a very slight one— that of stealing apples from an orchard— for which they had been sentenced to two months' imprisonment. When he considered what boys thought of such matters he felt that the punish ment was a cruel one. If tbese lads lived to the age of 60 any unscrupulous counsel might call a blush to their cheeks by asking whether they had not been sentenced to two months' imprisonment for theft Great mischief waB done by the record of thess con victions, which, in the opinion of many, led to the infliction of frightfully severe sentences for pecca dilloes which, even if repeated 70 times, would be but peccadilloes after all. The instrument of punishment broke in your hand when you had nothing stronger to inflict for cruel and abominable crimes, and if there was not some proportion between the offence and the punishment, l e did not say thit there might not be cases in which it might be necessary to inflict punish ment which one might be morally certain would do barm. In the administration of justice you could not in many cases discriminate. One must often be acting in the dark, but it was most important that the principle which lay at the root of this Bill, which was that a first offence should be passed over, and that a boy or girl should be allowed a second chance.' The principle of the Bill was also supported by other high authorities, such as the Lord .Chancellor, who Eaid— ' He was quite sure their lordships would share the feelines of the Lord Chief Justice that a distinc tion should be made between first offenders and other offenders;' and Lord Fitzgerald said — 'The Bill was sound in principle, and the House was indebted to the noble earl for intro ducing it.' In July a Bill was introduced into the Victorian Parliament 'to amend the law relating to juvenile offenders and other purposes,' and it in cluded a clause especially dealing with first offences on exactly similar lines as the Bill to whioh be now scked hon. members to agree. The principles of the Bill were very simply shown. The third olauae set out that ' when a person is convicted of a minor offenoe, not having been previously convicted in South Aus tralia or elsewhere of an offence, and sentenced upon euch conviction to imprisinment for a period exceed ing three months,' certain provisions should, if the court was satisfied that the cue was a proper one to he dealt with under the provisions of this Act, have effect. It provided for a whipping by tbe offender's father, and detailed the proceedings whioh the court might take. Clause 4 provided for restitution or com pensation upon an order of the court. In subsection 1 be thought it should be provided that the offender's guardian as well as his father should be ordered to make restitution, in case of his being fatherless. (Hear, hear.) The fifth clause required the defendant after being discharged to report himself, which was a very proper and just provision. He would not go further into details of the BilL It spoke for Itself. It gave the judge tbe right to give a first offender a second chance, and he bad no doubt that the law, which was working well in England, America, and the adjoining colonies, would be found to work re markably well here. He believed that hon. mem bers would support the Bill, and would feel sur prised that it had not been made law before. (Hear, bear.) He moved the second reading. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. a O. Kingston) said the Government would support the Bill. (Hear, bear.) It was a highly desirable thing that In the case of first offences leniency should be displayed, and he felt so strongly on that point that he would say scarcely anything except that the Government would do all tbat it could to seonre the passing of the measure. (Hear, hear.) He only regretted tbat reference bad been made by the bon. morer to the case of Burford. He desired to correct any wrong impression that might exist hi tbe minds of bon, members as to that case. The facts showed that it was a case of false pretences of the most systematic character. The man was in charge of a party and had to make certain disbursements for that party, and subse quently obtain a recoup from the Government. In Bis cases- be made a false representation as to the amount he bad disbursed. In order to carry out his object be got signatures from tbe persons to whom he bad paid money, and by holding the forms folded in a particular way prevented their seeing what tbey had signed. Subsequently It transpired that the receipts were for larger sums than were actually disbursed. Such a case snowed fraud of a thoroughly systematic kind. (An hon. member — 'Hegot too muoh.') He would not bare referred to it bat tor the fact that pnblia bj mpethy appeared to be strongly aroused in favor of tbe prisoner. He would say no more except that the Government wouM do all in ite power to make the prerent Bill law. (Hear, hear). Tbe Bill was taken into committee, and after a few amendments had been made, The claute as amended was pissed. Progress was reported, and leave given to tbe com mittee to sit again on Wednesdav next. The hour of 6.30 having artived the sitting of the House was suspended for an boor. On resuming. CROWN LANDS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Adjourned debate on second reading. Mr. HOLDER said no questions had a greater in fluence on tbe well- being of South Australia than those which had to do with our land laws, and he believed tbat if they had spent the greater part of tile time tbis session, and given their earliest attention to promoting the settlement of the land and the full development of its resources tney would certainly have done well for South Australia. Any unbiassed person would be bound to adroit tbat we had made very serious mistakes in dealing with the land in the past, and that instead of promoting settlement we bad taken such means as not to lead to settle ment. He believed that much of our trouble of late years, certainly the low averages of the crops we had had, were due not to the fast that the climate had changed go much as to tbe fact that we had been striving to grow wheat where it was not wise to try atd grow it. We had not applied the land to inlus tries to which it was suited, but ra'her to industries to which it was not suited. He felt that we had much need to retrace our steps, and that we should not in tbe future make an unnatural attempt to do that wfcich Nature would not allo v us to do, but that we should make our laws to suit the land. Everyone niust have recognised the industry and ability tbe Commissioner of Cro-vn Lands had brought to bfar on tbis subject, and the vast mass of valuable information he had laid before tbe House At the same time, in speaking of the histiry of tbe past the Cornmitsiorjer had demonstrated its unwisdom rather than its wi-dom. His speech had proved that we had 12 Bystems of dealing- with the lands of this colony, and that these were ot eo compli cated a nature that it was utterly impossible for them to be giasped comprehensively within a few ideas. The»e were systems of dealing with selections on de ferred payments, pastoral lands, commonage lands, selectors' leases, south eastern lands, grazing and cultivation lands, aboriginal reserves, mineral Iease3 and licenses, endowed lands and forest reserve?, and be was not quite sure whether this exhausted tbe whole of the different systems. He hoped that if not now at any rate next session eome attempt would be # made to very much simplify our land laws, for at present it was utterly impossible for any one outside tbe colony to understand them. He regretted very much that the Commissioner should have devoted an hour and a half of his speech to a history of the past, and only half an hour to tbe policy of the future, for the history of the past was not nearly so important to us as the question of what we were to do to-day, to-morrow, and in the future. Tbe Bill contained many new and important pro visions, and he was sorry that the Commissioner had Dot devoted half his time to an explanation of them. With eome of these provisions he could heartily agree, while there were others about which he had very grave doubts. To his mind they had made a very great mistake in not dealing in the Bill in a more extended way with the 18S8 leases. He believed that had we dealt with these Irases last year and disposed of them, we should not only have relieved the overburdened labor market, but have given such an impetus to the colony in many branches of labor as would have saved us much ot the trouble we had been enduring. The great difficulty in the past bad been that owing to the insecurity of the tenure It had not paid the owners of these vast areas of land to cirry on works of water conservation and other improvements. In fact it bad not paid them to keep down the vermin, and during the past two years— certainly during the last year— the vermin had been increasing in tie north eastern country almost unchecked, and where there were only a few vermin a few months ago they might be Eeen moving in one solid mass over the surface of the ground. If members went to Outalpa and other parts of the north-east they would find that this picture was not overdrawn, but that thers were thousands and millions of these rabbits, and tbey were rapidly closing in on the settled district?, and would soon place them in as bad a position. He would like to see steps taken to deal with the whole of this land, and he would urere the Government Co hasten the arrangements they were striving to make with the pastoral lessees so thit the land might be dealt with. Although he was not in favor of the concessions being too large he would go for even larger concessions than Were contemplates in the past if they would ensure these lands being immediately dealt (rith- While we were haggling over tens of thousands of pounds we were incurring costs that would amount to twenties and fifties of thousands of pounds, and he contended that it would be better ta pay a very much larger sum to the pastoral lessees now and settle tbe question than it would be to wait 12 months and make more favorable terms He hoped the Commissioner at the close of the debate would tell them that the dispute would be settled, and that the ItS8 leases would be dealt with comprehensively, once and for all (An hon. member — ' ' It mast be done this year.') He only wished it had been done last year, and he was sure that the first result of the settlement would be capital expended, labor em ployed, confidence restored, and benefit to all classes cf the community. He was glad to see that in part 2 of the Bill the Commissioner endorsed the prin ciple of dealing with the land by boards. We had had too much of the auction system, which had con duced more tban anything else to screwing the last penny out of the farmers, and crippling them when they had gone on the land. He would suggest, how ever, tbat as the principle was to be applied to the south east it should be extended to the north and all other parts of the colony. (Hear, hear.) It would not be the same board, but as there were to be three officials and two local experts in the south east the same officials could act with other two ex perts in other districts of the colony. He appoved of the principle to cease offering lands reserved for leas Bing in the south-east by auction, and allowing the hoard to deal with them. We could not make too liberal terms far those who would go on our land. We wontf d to settle the land in a manner which would, enable the people to most freely and fully develop its capacity and gain a livelihood out of it A very desir able departure was that p-oviding for sp3oial leases (o encourage tree and fruit growing and other similar industries. He would suggest, however, that the principle should be extended to other parts of the colony, and in doing this the plan adopted in declaring hundreds— that of laying- plans before Parliament for a certain time — might be adopted. The Commissioner should take power under part 3 to deal with other areas in other parts of the colony in tbe same way. Thus the Commi-sioner would not tie his hands, but would leave himself more free than he would be under the Bill ae it was at present. It was a mistake, however, to fix a right of purchase for these lands. (Mr. Burgoyne — ''Hear, hear.') It was con fidently expected that a very large sum wqsld be laid out on tbis land in the south-east, and in planting upon it a crop that would not come to maturity per haps for a good many years. Yet when the crops had matured, and the capacity of the land bad been developed snd demonstrated, the price fixed was 10s. per acre. He was in favor of putting people on the land on easy terms, but he raid that land worth anything for this purpose was at the end of 21 years worth certainly more than 10s. per acre. Tbe result ot giving a low purchase price would be that the rental would be increased, and he considered that it would be better to make tba purchase price £1 and have the terms of rentil easier. (An hon. member — 'The rental is 3d.') With that exception he approved very freely and fully of the terms of part S. In part 4 they had, he supposed, what was the rea1. reason for the introduction of the Bill, for it was the kevstone of the Government financial policy. (Hear, 'hear.) He asked first of all whether it was the best means that could be devised for dealing with the deficit, and he admitted that he could not answer that question in the affirmative. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands. — 'But you agree to selling the land?') He was sot opposed on the broad principle to the selling of the land. He regarded the distinction between the purchase price paid down for tbe fee-simple, and the premium paid for a lease— ^perpetual leases if they would — as being things which were different, but a difference without a distinction. (Bear, hear.) Where was the practical difference between the sale of a perpetual lease at a premium and the sale of a right to use la^d subject to taxation and all other Government rights for a certain price that we Baid was for the fee-simple. (Cheers.) fctill he contended that the country bad a right to demand for itself and to gradually possess itself ot the economic rent for the land which it sold What this was, and how aud when it should be claimed were outside the present discussion. But he was not in favor of the sale of this particular land dealt with in the Bill on these particular terms. We had a deficit of £1.200,000, and it was proposed to meet this by selling land on de ferred payments. While these deferred payments, for which we were to charge no interest wete comiru; in we ehould have to pay tbe interest on the £1,200,000. If we were going to sell land to meet the deficit let U9 sell it for cash, and avoid the necessity for paying in terest on the deficit. Considering the character of the land to he dealt with, and the extent to which vermin were spread over it, h9 said that if we were able— and we would not be— to dispose of the whole six and a half million of acres during the next two years we should have a very large proportion thrown up within two years after that time, because the people would be utterly unable to cope with tbe veirmn difficulty He contended still further that the policy was not right, because no less than £40,000 a year was required to be paid as interest on the deficit, and the whole of the payments of 10 per cent per annum would be absorbed in meet Ing the deficit, while not one penny would be left to wards working out the principal sum. Moreover, this land which it was proposed to sell or sacrifice was the best mineral land in South Australia, including within itself nearly all the mineral lands. He knew that the minerals were reserved, but the reserv ing of minerals did not cover one half of his objections. There were other rights be sides mineral rights which sprang from the pre sence of minerals, and which could not be reserved. If a valuable mineral discovery were made, the person on whose land the mines were would have a right to some to the Government for compensation, and in oome cues it would be larger than tbat originally paid for the land. Bat not only tbat; townships would have to be formed. Land surrounding the centies of population would become very valuable, and then the Government would have to purchase not merely the mineral rights and give compensation to the owners for the trespass of prospectors, bat they would have to purchase considerable areas tor town ship and suburban lands, which the owners would be able to sell for very large sums indeed. Private specu lators who bought up the blocks would reap the benefit and not the Government. (Hear, hear.) He believed the Houbb would answer with him that the people should reap the indirect and direct ad vantage, and not the speculators who micrht deal in the land. By doing as the Government proposed we should not only place difficulties in tbe way of prospeoton, but sasrifice the best interests of the country (The Commissioner of Crown Lands — 'You can alter the schedule.') He was glad the Com missioner was not averse to altering tbe schedule, and he hoped tbat when the time came hon. members wonld unite in decidedly altering it and the looalitiej with which it deals. His next reason against dealing with the land as proposed wasttiat it i? of such a character that only speculators win touch it. No one. else could pay Be. aVacre. although that was not only purchase-money for the land bat also for improvements for whieh the Government wonld have to pay cash down before they sell an acre. (The Oommissionerof Grown Lands— 'fs. is tbe minimum.'} Tea, and be thought tbat the hon, member might be very well satisfied if be got as much aa that. The improvements. It was reckoned, would amount to 9d_ per acre, bo that we were really selling tbe land at 49. 3d. an acre, and giving credit for the improvements. Bat even on these terms we could not get the whole taken np. There were scrubby ranges, stony hills, and patches tar frem water, and. badly supplied with feed, so that the result would be that the eyes of the oonntry would be picked ont, where feed was best and mineral discoveries might be expected, and1 the intervening ground would lie as vermin breeding spots on tbe bands of the Government, and cost them moH for the destruction of vermin than the rent for the rest of the Una would come to.. After a short time the Government would be only too gladtbgetlB. an acre ciih tor toewapld £««»» Ld be cteartrt their responsIbffi^iJ^MB*t^. might ask what be wouM BBggestJB^aternaWt JU^y, he wonM suggest moJ^MB^y**^^, ofthisareaanareaontheweAooirtiwareis.oordera - of WertS^SstraliashonH be ^ceen^ope Wo* Ihear. bearV-ahd for two orfliree waspns. ,-;- SjSHji' wfshould'brdeaJiBg witii^ Umd.that ? b«»^**» touched in the past ; we should no* be unsBttMngone decreasing the value of settled lands and of securities in the Bettlfd districts adjacent. If we took a block r the borders of Western Australia we conld 6sU it the London market for cash, and London . capital with English setHers would be placed on It. so that we should establish a new settlement whose development and outgrowth would immenselv benefit the colony. If the House would not agree to that then the only other alternative was that ?some of the land in the south east, which would fetch conjskierablr more than 53. per acre, should he offered in reasonable blocks, which would be speedily taken up. and add to. the productiveness of that part ol the province. Coming next to the grazing and cultivating leases, part 6, be agreed with the reference male thereiD to the operations of the Land Board mentioned in part 2. He could not agree with the policy con tained In part 6. If the land were resumed (or tha convenience of the Government no donbt the State should pa; tor the improvements, but not it the laud were resumed merely for the convenience of the lessee, and tiie 'whole purpose of -part 6 seemed to be to enable pastoral lessees to suit their own convenience by surrendering lands and then to claim compensation fiom the Government for improvements. (TheComniis sionerof Crown Lands—' If the Government sees_ fit.') They might be able to trust the present Commissioner, but they did not know who would follow him. and he could not accept the policy of part 6. He would like to see one or two provisions added to the Sill. In toe first place, the lands set forth as intended for graz ing and cultivation were rigidly reserved for that purpose, and there was no room tor modificitijna to suit persons who might wish to go on the land. He kcew places in the north-east where the schedules in the map and in the Bin do not agree with the boundaries of the runs as fenced, and be thought the Commissioner should untie his hands so as to be able to vary the boundaries a little and make them fit the cxnting fences when in good order and extending for many miles. He would like to see a clause Blig-htly improving the conditions of those holding selectors' If asea. At present we singled out sieh selectors for special hardships. While others could have substi tuted residence, the holder of selector's leases could not tola hiB land in that way. In many cases they had completed purchase of their original selections and at the same time held surrendered selections on lease, and it seemed a hardship that a man should be obliged to leave a comfortable house oa his free hold selection and reside on his lease so as to comply with certain conditions. He was now brought face to face with the question of how he could best attam the ends he had In view. At » firsti t appeared to him that part 4 could best be dealt with upon the second reading. In the second reading tbey wire dealing *ith general principles, and if tney passed an amendment thereon they would be free to touch on various points without being obliged to substitute something else for them. They might lor instance return the Bill to the Commissioner 6tating that they did not approve of part 4, and he would thereupon have to readjust that part of the measure and alter the schedule. (The Com missioner of Crown Lands— 'You can do .it ia committee.') When they got into committee they were not dealing with general principles hut with details, and that would make it very difficult for private members to make any important altera tions. Besides, he contended that the Commissioner of Crown Lands was the right person to suggest alterations. Feeling- this, he contemplated making a suggestion in the form of an ainD.ndment on the second reading, but he had abandoned that idea and would now support the second reading, not liecause he thought the other plan less wise, but because he took it that the Government had sought to exercise an undue influence in this matter. He was sneaking as an inexperienced member, but he thought the Government should be ready to stand or fall on the abstract principles of a Bill, and that they should not bring intimidation to bear on hon. members by Earing that they would consider certain action as im plying want of confidence in them. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands-;-** Hear, hear.') On previous ocea eions, and again on this occasion, the Govern ment had sought to bring side issues to bear upon an amendment they could not defeat otherwise. (Mr. Caldwell— ' If they have really done that it is exceedingly wrong '- Coercion and intimidation would not do in the long run with him, however it might be with other hon. members. However, as he saw that now, as on other occasions, this policy would be successful, he was content to take other steps than those he had contemplated, and woald move in com mittee in the various directions he had indicated. He had spoken his mind freely — (hear, hear)— and would support the second reading, but if he stood alone in committee he would strive to make the alterations in part 4 which he desired to see made. (Sear, hear.) Mr. KEICHADFP did not usually like to take up the time of the House, but in a matter of this sort he believed he might exercise a little authority as one having some experience on the question. (Hear, hear.) The Commissioner's speech had certainly given some valuable information on our land laws, and he was sorry that bo much time had been wasted in former years on land Acts which had not been a success at all. The Commissioner of Crown Lands had given them some stat'stics about land legislation, and be believed the House would lend him an ear if he gave a short resume of the land laws of the ether colonies. He knew there was an indistinct feeling with many hon. members that the other colonies have land laws more liberal than ours, still he did not think they had studied the matter sufficiently to know exactly how matters stand. He would com mence with the Queensland land laws. The latest land Act in that colony was passed in 1884, and amended in some particulars the Land Act of 1876. The colony of Queensland was divided into 46 land districts, under 46 land agents, and in each district was a land board consisting of two members, with a commissioner of land for each district. The business of the land agent was to receive applica tions from persons willing to take land on conditional purchase. The Land Board met once a month and the land was declared open for selection on conditional purchase at an upset price of not less than 5s. per acre. In the past the upset price was £1 per acre. The land .agent, at the time he received the application, for land, re eeived a depcslt of a t?ntn of the upset price, together with the survey fee, which hon. members knew was not an inconsiderable amount. An applicant for a fiomcstead — ap'-rsonalresident— hadthe preference If there was more than one applicant the lot decided. The lessee might purchase at 10s. per acre 2,560 acres under a preemptive right. In agricultural areas with the option ot purchase, no more than 1,280 acres of land nor 1*-8S than 320 acre3 could be taken up. No less than 2,589 acres nor more than 20.000 acres of grazing land could be taken up, ard the rent was never less than 3d. per acre for agricultural land, or for grazing land Jd. If an agricultural section was not purchased within twelve years after it had been r.- sided on for ten years the purchase money to be paid was somewhat greater, else the price was fixed as announced in the proclamation. If not made freehold the lease extended to 50 years. The annual rent is one-tenth part of the upset price, or of any larger sum bid at auction. OMupation by himself or servant nnder registered agreement is re quiTed, also that improvements must be made equal to the purchase money, but not more than 10s. per acre. For home stead areas only first-class lands were surveyed. Uie- conditions were — 80 to 160 acres, requiring five years' personal residence, and the payment of 6i. per acre, or higher sum if at auction, refunded if higher than 2s. 6d. per acre, a survey fee ot £4 169. Ed., or £5 17s. 6d. xor homesteads; 640 acres, £10 Is.; 1,280 acres, £14 16a. : and 2,560 acres, £16 4s. Certainly Queensland had given a great chance to the poorer classeB. The land laws of New South Wales were somewhat similar to those of Queensland. Three large land divisions had been made, and these had been divided into districts, each of which had a Land Board consisting of not more than three members. In the eastern division conditional purchases of not less than 40 acres nor more than €40 acres were allowed. In the central division the people might take up 2,560 acres. A deposit of 2a. per acre was payable. The Land Board had to consider the applications, would ider surveys and confirm the application unless a caveat was lodged. The conditions were— Residence and fencing, at the end of the third year Is., and Is. annually, or after the fifth year until 17s had been paid, with interest at 4 per cent., stamp duty asd grant fees. Conditional purchase without residence was provided for at double the price, and £1 on permanent improvements. Con ditional leaseholds not exceeding three times the area of the conditional purchase can be token, held at not less than 23, per acre. There was a preferential right to purchas9 part or the whole after five years The auction sales were 200,000 acres a year at £S, £2 10s., and £1 Ss. for town, suburban, and country lands. Pastoral leases were provided for at from id. to lid. per acre for periods of 5, 1C, or 15 years in the three different divisions. The New South Wales BUI now introduced abolished the auction of country lands, and provided for the erection of rabbit-proof fencing up to £25. advanced for five years, with the view of overcoming the vermm difficulty, ta Tas mania the laws were not less liberal, but there had been, great difficulties osrtna to the timbered land. They had a provision that if a family resided upoa the land it should be considered residence without ren dering it necessary for the man himself to reside upon the land. He was glad to see that such a pro vision had at last been obtained here with respect to the working men's blocks. Hon. members were pretty welLacquainted with the land laws of Victoria, which he believed were the most liberal, so far a? enabling men of small means to settle upon the land. He would not enter upon any detail with regard to Victoria. In New Zealand the latest land Act was that of 1885. There .were 10 land districts, each being under the local direction of a commissioner and a La- d Board. . There 'were land offices in each of the districts and sub-offices, where land could be selected and the grant could be paid. There were 26 million acres of good country left, 82 million acres being disposed of. The Commissioner of Crown Lands had said that 13,000,000 acres were alienated, but he believed that his own. figures wtre correct (The Commissioner of Crown Lands — 'My figures came from the Land Office here.') There must have been some misprint. Town and suburban lots were sold at a considerably higher price than ours, being- .£7 10b. for town lots, and £3 for suburban lands. Village lots were oSeredon application at not leso than £5 each, there being what was known as limited auction — that was auction only if two or more persons applied the eaniB day. Small faiTO lots were sold in blocks of from 2 to 50 acres at £1 an acre, and by lot on perpetual lease, or for cash. Rural lands were sold at prices fixed by the land boards from the mere cost of the survey for homestead blocks, else from 10s. up to £2 (on the svstem of .free selection existing in Canterbury). In the several land districts the system. Of dealing with mral lands varied greatly. Under the homestead system no more than 3 000 acres in .one land district were sold yearly. There was the expense of survey to be paid with five years' residence, and the necessity of erecting a house and culti vating one-third of the open and one-fifth of the hush country. Homestead land could be taken up in 20 to 75 acres, according to age of the applicant, or quality, no family being allowed to take up more than 200 acres of .first-class or 300 acres of second-class land. Under the deferred payment system no moxetbao 220 acres could be taken up, but also sobux ban Janifs in five to ten years at 5 per cent. One third of the money was paid to the council of the dis trict for roads and' bridges leading to or opening up such lands. (Hear, hear) Alter keeping the conditions for one year the selectors could apply to have the value of the unpaid instalments capitalised at the present value of an annuity or mar payoff £W at any time He could take a perpetual lease, thus securing the value of the improvements on an indefeasible title with perpetual sights of renewal and all security and permanence of freehold tenure without requiring him to sink oipitaj in the pur chase of the lini It could be obtained by the tender of fi per cent on the capital valae-&xed; by the Xa&cLBaard; If there was only one it wisaold at the upset prise even if it were higher, the first term being for thirty years. So persons . owning fcee baids or leaseholds could hold more than £10 acres, sad one-tfaird of the rent went to toe council. 2h£ board could dispense with residence -until within tero years, ar in the case ot young persons living . with tbeh- parents or near relatives until three yean after fie commencement of . the term. Transfers, sub leases, and sales by mortgage were, permitted after the statutory declarations prescribed by the Act have been deposited with the Commissioner. The selectors had the right . to purchase after the sixth-- or before the twelfth year, at capital value. Benewsl&oj; 'leases (perpetual) were allowed lor SL yeetf, three years before the end of term a valuation bein?-made Tty arbitration .of the then xalae at the tee and all improvements. Hot later than three months before the expiry of the term the lessee ehonH elect whether he would accept a feesb lease at a .rent of 5 per cent on the gross ralaeof .tee land attar deducting the value of the substantial improvements. If this were not taken the lease would be offered for tender, and if the original lereee was not successful he received pay tnent for improvements. There were special settle ments for 12 or 25 or more persons on deferred payments or perpetual lease. Under the village homesteads regulations any person of 17 caold bold a lot not exceeding 50 acres on per petuel lease at a rent of 5 per cent, on the capital value. Witnin the first five years a sum not exceed ing £20 could be advanced to settlers to assist in the erection of a house, and a further snm up to £2 10s. an acre up to 20 acres for bush felling, grassing, fencing, &c.; For farm homesteads there were special settlements on perpetual lease of S£0 acres, one-fifth to be under cultivation by the fourth year. The lessee was to reside and improve to the value of £1 per acre within six years. Pastoral leases conld be secured at 5s. an acre. The Commissicaer of Crown Lands had given a return showing the acreage open for sale for cash or credit in this colony at the end of each year from 1850, but they did not know the acreage open at present (The Commissioner I of Grown Lands — ?'The quality of the land.') He spoke of the acreage open at the present time. (The Commissioner of drown Lands — 'It is given for 18fc7.') It was not given tor tne present time. Then they did not know the number of selectors whose pay ments were not all on account of the purchase money, nor the acreage thev held, nor at what rate. With regard to the 1888 leases, he fully agreed with the remarks made by Mr. Holder, and therefore he would say nothing upon that subject. He would only point out that more than one -third of what the Government received for rents was absorbed in the payments for improvements. With respect to the destruction of vermin he believed that this matter would be as difficult to deal with as ever. (Hear, hear.) He was afraid that the best lands would be picked out, and the poor lands would fall back again upon the hands of the Gorernuisnt. (So ) A very small revenue had been re ceived from the commonage licenses. These were often veiy valuable, and might have been a greater source of revenue than they were at the present time. (Hear, hear.) That, at all events, wasblsexperience. In 1S68 he had proposed that the hundreds should be so cut up that a strip would be left for commonage purposes, which rn'gVjt eventually be divided between the selectors as they became able to purchase them. At that time, however, tfce Ptrangways Act, which was expected to meet all difficulties was passed, and his proposal had dropped. The miscellaneous leases would soon biing in a larger revenue than the pastoral. At present they returned £45,000. The return of scrub leases didnotshow the area wh'.ch now paid no rent, but only the rent on the amount of the purchase-money. Then they came to the working men's blocks. There were complaints that the land had not been surveyed in the light place. He Jound from the Teturn which he had moved Jor, and which he regretted had been so cosWy, though it was very valuable, that in the hun dred of BarosBa there were 31 applicants for blocks, but none were available ; in Bundaleer 20 applicants, 4 blocks surveyed ; Davenport, 10 applicants, no blocks available ; Finniss, 27 applicants, who were told that when the land was recla'-med it should be surveyed. Some blocks were surveyed, but they were quite unsuitable, though he was glad to see that the adjoining iarmers had taken the land up. In the hundred of Gregory there were 55 applicants and only 44 blocks offered ; in Louth, 119 applicants and no blocks. Probably they applied for the aboriginal reserve at Poonindie. 'if so it was no wonder that thev did not get it. In Mayurra there were 16 applicants, but there the land was in schedule B— that unfortunate schedule B — (laughter)— which was always preventing settlement In Monbulla there were 37 applicants, and only 23 blocks available ; in Moorooroo, 20 applicants, all waiting till the offering of the aboriginal reserve ; Mount Muirhead, 71 appli cants, 40 blocks surveyed. Curiously enough the land offered was in this case in schedule B. He could not understand it. In Cnkaparinga, 87 applicants. 37 blocks to be offered in November. (The Commis sioner of Crown Lands -'Notice of resumption has not expired.') Out of hundreds, 78 applicants. That was on a pastoral lease and in the Wirrabara Forest. In Seymour 32 applicants, 13 blocks surveyed ; Wan dearah, 25 applicants, 12 blocks offered; Wil. lochra, 39 applicants, 5 blocks surveyed ; Wongyarra, 25 applicants, 5 blocks surveyed; Vackamoortmdie, 25 applicants, six blocks surveyed. That showed a desire to settle on the blocks which had not been fulfilled. He had merely selected those localities where the number of applicants was large, and in these there were a total of 722 applications and 174 blocks surveyed. (The Commis eioner of Crown Lands — 'Remember we offered a whole lot before that were not taken up.') The figures at all events showed that there was a very general desire to settle the land, but the Commissioner and bis predecessor had found a difficulty in provid ing suitable land. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands — ? - There are 17 ,000 acres available now.') How much of it iB suitable ? (Sir. Howe — ' Even at Bowden, where the working men lived, they would not take up the land.') It was in the country where the working men wanted to settle and ought to settle — (hear, hear)— going- out in search of work and returning to heir homesteads from time to time; and their families could take charge of the blocks True, as the Com missioner said, the cost -of the survey of the blocks had been great, but the gain to the community through the settlement of the blocks was enormous. Wefcad paid £115,000 ; an enormous sum for land orders to bring people here, and we ought to do the best to keep them here. (Hear, hear.) As to the south-eastern leases they had been dealt with by his colleague, and he agreed with him. In the south-east it appeared tbat 301,657 acres had been let at £13,302 3s. Sd., but most of the land let at high rents had been thrown up, and the State only received two-thirds of the amount due for 286,138 acres or 233,306 acres, what ever was the correct figure, for both were given by the Commissioner. The drainage lands let at little more than the first class lands brought in in 1885, and this at auction. He was glad to see that the auction system was to he abandoned there. Still it was not leases thut were required hi the district of Victoria. They wanted to select in the first Instance. (Hear, hear.) The Commissioner found no fault with the late Commissioner for withdrawing the land from sale. He quite agreed with him. He hoped that not much of the rent would be lost by the withdrawal — not a whole year's rent at any rate— because something would be got in from them dating the year. According to tie Coniis sioner 1,201,000 acres were to be let. He was glad to observe that eueh a quantity would be available, but unless great care were exercised there would be a repetition of the sur render business, &r; else the land would iall into wrong bat-da. It would depend upon who were the members of the Land Board. (Heat, hear.) They must be men in whom the country had confidence. Much had been said about dummyism, but that had been chiefly in the district of Albert ; if there was any in the distxictof Victoria it was the leasing system that was responsible. It appe wed from the Commissioner that there were some oi the lessees who had got the pick of the best laud and with it the use of the adjoining country wni'h was not let. If the occupiers resided at all on the land it must be as ghosts. (Laughter.) They were mythical lessees never visible in the day time. He hoped the Commifstaner would look into that (Hear, hear.) Looking at the Bill generally he found that it gave no finality, was wanting in simplicity, and its liberality was not very apparent. (Hear, heat.) He feared that leasing could not lead to permanent settlement. A tenure for 14 years with a r -jht of renewal for 14 years would not settle the land. The lesseeB would have the Bame harassing condi tions to meet as other occupiers of land throughout the colonies had to face. Was it likely that they would settle the land under leases when the farmers could take up similar land near at hand in Victoria with the certainty before them of a fee-simple? (Hear, hear.) Why should the south-east always be selected for these experiments with our land laws? He called upon the House to take some pitv upon the south-east and ask themselves why differential legislation of an unfavorable character should be applied to that part of the colony? There were certainly some omissions to which he wculd call attention. First ot all the Commissioner had not mentioned any payment that was to be made to the members of the hoard. We could not expect these members residing in the country to go once or twice a month for some -considerable distance without anw fee being paid. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands— ' Hear, hear. That is a matter of detail ') It might he a. matter of detail to the Commissioner who had. £1,000:3 year, but these gentlemen could. not be expected ~to serve bonorarily. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands^-'We don't expect them to.') Then why not mention -the amount of the fees as was done in the Forest Act. (the Commissioner of Crown Lands— ' It was not done in the Pastoral Act.') All the worse. Parliament should absolutely fix the fees. Altogether the constitution of the board was | cot sufficiently set out in the BilL He I was sorry that the Commissioner should think it necessary to again recur to the auction system with regard to these south-eastern lands, and he hoped that part of the BUI would be struck out. (The Com missionEr of Crown Lands — ' That is after it has been offered in the other way.') There was.no immediate necessity for the settlement of the whole of this land. Sorre revenue mieht be derived from ommonags licenses. There might be some difficulty withie^ard to the rabbits, but in most parts of the district of Victoria the rabbit pest was not very difficult to deal with. In part 3 provision was -made (or offering land wilt a right of purchase after 21 years' tease, for the purpose of encouraging tree and fruit growing, the price being 10s. per acre. That meant 15s. 3d., and that was after all not making such a very great 'concession. The only question was whether we were to offer the land with a right of pur chase or to sell it for cash. The sett! ;ment wa'a in tended for specific purposes, and therefore he thought it was right enough. As to the fourth part of the BUI be agreed with the hon. member for the Bnrra. The only difficulty appeared to. him that the Commissioner actually expected the House to say where the land was to be sold. It was impossible for the House to do that ; it must be done by the Commissioner of Crown lAndsor&heSurveyor-General.; (The Commis sioner of Grown Lands— ?* Hear, hear.') Certainly the land now shown in the schedule was not, in his opinion, correct. He agreed entirely with part S, which gave power in some instances to enlarge grazing Jind cultivation leases where the improvements were now ot too great valueto otherwise obtain a tenant. The Eetchowlatun was a ease in point. He objected ! to that part of section 6 wherein it was stated thtton : the surrender of pastoral leases payment should im. : mediately be made for improvements. The Commis sioner wonld have to pay half or . even more than half of the rente «ver received from these bads ; and why j should that be handed over to the pastoral lessee i simply because he chose to surrender his lease? (The I Commissioner of Crown Lands — ' It is optional with tte Government') There was an extension of term mentioned in schedule 24 which he could not at first understand, but the Commissioner of Crown Lands explained that these were the particular lauds men tioned in Chaffey Brothers' agreement, and legisla tive sanction had to be obtained for an exten sion of the lease. To conclude, he would like the Bouse to consider the following questions: — j Shall lands be opened' for selection in. schedule B, I part II, before being offered for lease? Shall per | petual leares be granted for lands in schedule B and I elsewhere? Shall lands df scribed in the first schedule, ; part III. be let with right of purchase at 10a. an acre ? I Shall the land be offered by auction or shall applioa . turns be considered by the Land Board ? Shall the k-nd in the third schedule, part TV , be offered at auction and sold on credit extending over 10 years, at a price not less than 5s. per acre? He was altogether opposed to offering lands in such amounts, and he believed we could accomplish what ?we dtsiral in another roay. (The Commissioner of Crown .Lands—'-' Which is the way?1') He did not think this was the time to explain, but rather when the finances were under consideration. He hoped he had .sot tared ibe House. Ke trusted £hat the House had to come extent got an idea of 'the land laws of the other colonies, and that our farmers -would see what a difference there was between tbe land laws of South Australia and those of the other colonies, and that they would insist on some part of those laws being taraxiBplantfcd to this colony. (Cheers ) Mr. CALDWSCL said this question hod been dealt with very exhaustively by the Commissioner of Crown Lands. In his experience in the House be had become accustomed to ago at the land question every year, and he had been quite tired ot the pastime, for pattime it had -unfortunately too often become. Bather than consider the history of our unhappy land legislation it would be hatter for us to consider tbe land systems adopted in the other colonies, and endeavor to secure the peztnaqencT of that settlement we were allendeavrjringjto bring about In South &tu-; fcralia. What we wanted, mas to estabtfeh a born fide yeomanry in South Australia. Unfortunately many of our yeoman class were leaving 'us. Only that morning he Heard trom a constituent in ittiUima that Fame of our best farmersin that district were leaving for Victoria. Sixhsd turned their attention in that direction, some had secured land, and others were trying to do so. (The Commissioner ol Public Worts — 'That is the fault of the land, not the system.') The land in and around Maitland was equal to anv ordinary soil in Victoria. It was not only the climate and soil, hat also the land laws of Victoria that we wanted. (The Commissioner of Pnlic Works — 'Our laws are more liberal ') That was the firtt tame he had heard that assertion made. Be believed that this Bill would not have been intro duced had it not been for the-financlal diffioulties of the colony. He believed In the Land Board system, and he thought it should be applied not only to the southeast, bnt to tbe different localities in South Australia where Crown lands wer«€tU available for public purposes, and if he had no oiher reason to lcdcce him to rote against the BUI the fact that the Commissioner of Crown Lands intended to limit the operations of the Land Board system to the south east wonld in itself be sufficient. He would oppose tbe second reading of the Bill. We might be in diffi culties, but that was no reason why we should not be honest ; and to sell one porticn of the public estate to meet the difficulties created in another was not the conduct of an honest Government. They bad no right to rob oce portion of the publio estate to meet liabilities which bad been incurred in connection with another part. (The Treasurer — ' What would you do?') He had indicated what he would do. (The Treasurer — '? A State bank?') Yes, and the adoption of some such plan would result in great financial benefit to South Australia. The -vital principles of this Bill were radically wrong, and he would oppose it. Onthe motion of Mr.NASHthedebate was adjourned until the folloning day. TBE ESTIMATES. In Comm!ttee of Supply. Legislative Council, £1,930 ; decrease, £25. Item passed. Legislative Assembly, £3,445 ; increase, £12 : de crease, £100. Item passed. Parliamentary library, £787 ; increase, £10 Item passed. Parliament House, £945 Item passed. Legislature generally, £22,400; increase, £13,400; decrease, £3,725. The 1REASDEER (Hon. T. Playford) moved to strikeout the line ?' payment of members of Parlia ment, £13.400.' On a previous occasion he had ex plained that this item had been inserted by mistake, and he bad promised to strike it out. Mr. CALDWELL asked if the Government would replace the item for the repaymtnt of expenses of members of Parliament. The TREASURER -&on.; T. Plaj ford)-I will plice tbat on the .Supplementary Estimates. .. The amendment was carried. Item passed as amended. Progress was reported, and the committee obtained leave to sit again on the following day. POLLUSG-PLACE AT TEETGLPA. Adjourned debate on motion of Mr. Bueootkb— 'That an address be presented to his Excellency the Governor, praving his Excellency to issue a proclama tion declaring' Ttetulpa a polling' place for the disttict of Newcastle.' The ATTOBNET-GENERAL (Hon. C. C. Kingston) said the Government had zeceivtd a favorable report from the retuining-officer, and would accede to the d oti'on. Cariied. ADJOCRKMEKT. The House at 10 56 p.m. adjourned uutil the follow ing day at 2 p m. 