NEEDLES= Short, Sharp, Shiny. New Era crushing, 280 oz. Bulgaria has floated a loan. Mischievous Chaffey Baker. "Silver King" on Monday. No-confidence motion ahead. An amalgamation of parties. Separation hinted at last night. Advertiser Band social to-night. Groans for the Queen in Sydney. Last night of " Human Nature." Honest Tom going to take the lead. More unemployed off to sink dams. Norwoods v. Hothams on City Oval. The Fisk Jubilee Singers are coming. Lord Brassey has left in the Sunbeam. Ebby is feeling more comfortable now. Australian Natives' Union inaugurated. Lord Carrington is coming here in July. Russians still advancing in Afghanistan. The Advertiser Band at the Rechabite Hall. Hanlan starts for Australia in a few weeks. Lady Brassey corner back from Silverton to- day. Week's return Broken Hill, 46,847½ oz. of silver. Gladstone is making a lot of speeches in Wales. Bundaberg has formed an anti-Chinese league. Musical rehearsal at the Exhibition in about a week. Does Mr. Baker want to boss the Natives' Union? Another row in the New South Wales As- sembly. South Adelaides v. West Adelaides at Ken- sington. Queen Kapiolani is the latest sensation in London. Day Dawn Prospecting Company floated in London. Some extreme loyalists at Garner's Rooms last night. On an average 30,000 books a year are now published. The objects of the Natives' Union have yet to be fixed. Did Mr. Baker want to upset Mr. Johnson's apple cart? University men in Melbourne are going to form a club. Political deadlock in New Zealand healed for the present. Agents-General going in for fireworks on Jubilee day. Popular concert in the Norwood Town Hall this evening. Whinham old scholars are going to hold a smoke social. The Australian Natives' Union is to manu- facture history. Mr. Copley will not petition against Mr. Ward's election. Public hostility in Sydney to celebrating the Queen's Jubilee. Relatives of late Mr. Parkes refuse £2,500 for compensation. Mr. Kirkpatrick will not come out for the Legislative Council. Alphabetical Johnson wants us to recognise S.A. as our "home." Melbourne city coroner getting wearied of Mr. David Gaunson. Members of Parliament waiting on the Trades and Labor Council. Prince Bismarck thinks the "Mikado" the greatest of modern operas. Mr. Baker never loses an opportunity of put- ting in a word for Big Ben. The Queen Regent of Spain sees her son, the baby King, only once a day. Representatives of all opinions wanted for the Young Australian party. Miss Amy Sherwin welcomed back to Mel- bourne by Australian natives. Prince Albert Victor will represent the Queen at the Dublin festivities. The people of Sydney were called to bless the Queen, and did the very opposite. The Governor knows of no foundation for the report that he is going to leave us. Mrs. George L. Lorillard will run her thoroughbreds in her own name this season. Chaffey Baker says insolvency seems to be something in the favor of a Parliamentary candidate. Mr. W. S. Webb, of New York, offers £30 annually as a prize for the best landscape by an American artist. The Prince of Wales's baldness is increasing, and now only a few hairs still sadly linger on the top of his cranium. Herr Alexander Ziegler, of Ruhla, Thuringia, the well known writer of books of travel, has died at at Wiesbaden. Elizabeth Akers Allen, author of "Rock me to sleep, mother," is a handsome woman with a fresh face and grey hair. Fred. Archer's (the jockey) ghost, riding furiously on a spectral grey horse, is haunt ing the superstitious rustics about Newmarket. Bishop Hurst, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, has read the Bible in the language of every country in which he has held a confer- ence. Professor Ranke's valuable library has, it is said, fallen into the hands of a North American University. The Prussian Government refused to buy it. The widow of Garibaldi lives in a quiet street of Turin, the walls of her little parlor covered with flags, medals, and other mementoes of the dead hero. Renan informed an American visitor who called on him recently that his great work on the "Origins of the Bible" would be published in October. Professor Haeckel has gone to Asia Minor, where he will spend some months in studying the lower orders of marine animals along the coast of the Mediterranean. Paris has discovered a new poet in Jehan Sarrazin, who peddles olives and sells his books with his olives. He is becoming wealthy, has real talent, and will become famous, it is said. Princess Valerie, the Emperor of Austria's second daughter, has just published some charming verses in an annual periodical connected with a charitable institution for children. M. Alphonse Daudet was quite calm and un- concerned during the first dramatic production of "Numa Roumestan," and spent the evening behind the scene, writing letters and inviting his friends to the second performance. Lord Wolseley is incorrectly credited with inventing the camel corps. Lord Napier used one in Scinde when Wolseley was scarcely out of his cradle; and Napoleon Bonaparte had one in Egypt before Wolseley was born. Mr. Ruskin's violent utterances against the Ambleside railway recall that when railways were first built in England and for many years thereafter he persistently refused to ride on them, but travelled about in a coach with horses. The Registrar-General's report on the census points out that the population of London has almost exactly doubled itself in the course of 41 years, whereas the population of the rest of England has taken 57 years to multiply in an equal degree. A monument is to be erected in the great Brussels cemetery of Evere in memory of the British officers and soldiers who died at Brussels during the campaign of 1815. The monument is a large cenotaph surrounded by lions, and has been designed by Comte Jacques de Lalaing. The famous old "Pickwick" Inn, the Leather Bottle, Cobham, near Rochester, a favorite resort of Charles Dickens, and de- scribed in his "Pickwick Papers," has been partially destroyed by fire. The front and side of the house are only left standing, the roof having fallen in. The death is announced of Mr. William Stevens, whose name as the publisher of the Family Herald is well known throughout the United Kingdom. Mr. Stevens was the youngest son of the founder of the firm of Stevens & Sons, law publishers, of Bellyard and Chancery-lane. He was born in February, 1807. SHORT SERMONS FOR SUNDAY. Sir Matthew Hale, Chief Justice of England, is said to be author of this little couplet— "A Sabbath well spent Brings a week of content, With rest for the toils of the morrow; But a Sabbath profaned, Whatever be gained, Is sure to be followed by sorrow." HIAWATHA REDIVIVUS. He killed the noble Mudjokivis, With the skin he made him mittens, Made them with the fur side inside, Made them with the skin side outside; He, to get the warm side inside, Put the inside skin side outside; He, to get the cold side outside, Put the warm side fur side inside; That's why he put the fur side inside, Why he put the skin side outside, Why he turned them inside outside. 