THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a dream that was not alf a dream." 13v W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of " A Sea Queen," "The Wrack of the Grosvenor," "A Sailor'a Sweetheart," &c.; [Published by spccial arrangement with the author All rij(ht3 reserved.] CHAPTER XVIII. -(continued). Stone came sliding and sprawling down to tlie companion, guessing the curate needed a sailor's cheering. " Trifle blusterin' sir !" he shouted, " but if the schooner's a bib frisky, she's sailing straight and she's sailing fast, two liobligations upon her which she's a real sweetheart for remembering of." Conversation was out of the question ; but the mate's observation was well said, for the sense that the (J olden Hope was ceaselessly speeding towards the island of his vision neutralised in Mr. Foi'tescue the alarm that had been excited by the sea and sky of that wan and warring night. He lingered a few moments until a great lump of water, rolling over the forecastle, came washing aft. This ren dered the partial closing of the hatch necessary, so bidding Stone good night the curate descended into the cabin and withdrew to his little room. By this time he was fairly accustomed to the straining noises made by the schooner when laboring ; but for a good while he was kept awake by the close and thonderous sound of the sea striking against the weather side of the vessel. It grew monotonous after a bit, for though there was no regularity in the Golden Hope's pitching and rolling, yet the thump of the surge was almost pendulum like. He always knew how it would be ; first, a wild staggering hesitancy, then a plunge, then the blow of the sea against the bends, the long lean over, the quick shrieking recovery, the short hang on the brow, then another plunge, followed by the blow, and so on, and so on, with a squeak in every treenail, a groan in every timber, a harsh straining of bulkhead ; and bracket-lamp and coats and the like swinging to and fro, to and fro, scraping against the side, or hanging far out with the heavier lurches. There were notes and sounds for the poor fellow to set his thoughts to. Hark to that muffled, seething roll of heavy water cannonading along the run, and roaring past the screwed np scuttle near him. How often had Agatha heard the tempestuous sound ?when the gale had dashed tha billows of the great Indian Ocean against the coral reefs of the island ! Hear the fierce and strange shoutings coming down from the rieging with loss of their shrill edge as they pierced the deck ! The sweeping of the hot blasts, the muttering of fiery gusts would often have been heard by Agatha under the midnight stars. Then when he thought of her listening, he would ask himself would she be always unsheltered? Had those who were saved with her built them a hub ? How by this time would she be attired, lacking all things but the apparel in which she was cast ashore ? You who know that this man believed his dream to be a whisper in his sleeping ear from God, you who know that whether with perfect sanity or with a mind dis ordered by grief, he was sailing for the island in full conviction that he should find Agatha Fox there ; you may conceive what desperate imaginings of his darling's forlornneas, her dreadful plight, her suf ferings, of houselessness, liomelessne33, and friendleasness, his mind would be led into when he thought of the bleak and rolling ocean, the flying smoke of cloud3, the whirling of the cold green moon- the storming of roaring surges against the schooner, and the bitterness of the atmo sphere, that even in his cabin sent shudder after shudder through him as he hugged the bedclothes to him with a frequent start when a wilder plunge of the vessel filled her forward deck with boiling and pounding water. At laac he fell asleep, but in his slumber he sobbed often and talked aloud. Doubt less he dreamt of Agatha, and it wj,s natural that whatever came to him in his sleep should have the trouble and distress of the windy, flying night in it; at least one would say it must differ from the dreams he had of her at Wyloe, when all was still, the stars as peaceful as the dew drops they glistened in, no movement in the trees, no sound in the air if it were not the timid chirrup of an awakened bird, or the indescribable ghost-like mur mur the surf will send far inland ; for in such dreams he would often smile and start from his sleep with a speech of love to find that his hand had clasped fingers more shadowy than shadows, and that the adored form that had been seated at his pillow was real only as memory is. But at sea it is nearly all downright prose. Mr. Fortescue was not a mariner, but he could not own a vessel and be aboard her without a taste of the plain peculiarities of the sea life ; hence from dreams of Agatha he was aroused by a smart knocking on his cabin door, and on asking what was the matter Captain Hiram Weeks walked in. " Mr. Fortescue, it's just past th' half hour, sir, or I shouldn't ha' takenthe liberty. It's daylight, an' ye'11 see it fine. Sir, if excuses are needful for callin' of you, plenty of 'em shall follow if ye ain t satisfied. But I beg you to bear a hand, for sights at sea are swallowed up with astonishing speed." So saying he closed the door, whilst Fortescue, who wa3 always quick at waking, and who was therefore able to grasp that he was instantly required on deck, rapidly clothed himself and has tened above. It was still blowing heavily, and a very high sea was running; it wa* bitterly cold, too, but clear, if it were not for the haze of spray blown low and along by the wind. It is no joke to a landsman to come fresh from the shelter of a cabin and the warmth of a bed into bleak and streaming decks and half a gale of wind : and for some moments the curate stood almost stifled with the pouring blast, and dazed by the cold and the wildnesa of the scene, till Hiram helped him fair on deck, closing the companion, and then carrying him to the shelter of the weather bulwark. " There, sir ! Look !" shouted the skipper pointing fair abeam to leeward. A gaunt man is always gauntest in the morning watch at sea ; and as Hiram stood pointing, clad from head to foot as he was in oilskin, the leathern, long, hollow face framed in an old and narrow thatched sou'-wester, might have been a skull covered with parchment An odder picture there never was than that made by this tall, lank figure holding to the rail with one hand and pointing with the other to leeward, where the backs of the orey surges ran smooth and marbled under the showering of their own spray. Mr. Fortescue squeezed the water out of his eyes and looked in the direction kdlcated, and saw not above half a mile distant a big black ship under close reefed topsails, reefed foresail and fore topmast staysail, heeled over till the grass green sheathing showed, you would have thought, to the bilge-strake. "Now, Mr, Fortescue," cried the skipper, in a voice as hoarse as a raven s, through the exultation and pride in it, see now the difference 'twixt a fruiter and a clipper ship ! It's the Yankee, air ; him as we sighted yesterday, and who dronnecl us. So help me Bob, sir," he cried, bringing his hand with a whack .upon' his thigh by way of emphasising the word Bob, "if .that there ship to leeward ratehiii' under cloae-reefed torps'U ain't the very identical Yankee as sueered atu* yesterday with hia stripes and hli Tim, tell the gent-13 It the Yankee or ain't it ?" Thus adare3aed, the able seaman, Tim Duck, who was at the tiller, himself cki in yellow oilskin, which tli8 wind got intc* and swelled out into an aspect of dropsy in the last stage-looked at the ship and then at Fortescue and said, "Ay, she's the Yankee right enough." It was a fine sight to behold the ex travagantly delighted gaze Hiram fixed upon the clergyman. Had he won tha schooner 011 a wager the extraordinary satisfaction he exhibited could not have been more striking. The recollection of it and of the man's whole appearance at that moment entered afterwards into Fortescue's remembrance of the incident, but only just awake, half stunned by the? roaring of the gale, and half frozen by the spray-laden, flashing wind, it was as mac!! as he could then do to look where he wa< bidden. The small ensign wa3 tearing like a flame at the schooner's peak signal halliards, but there was 110 response to it aboard the American. A beautiful ship she was, moulded to perfection of fiaisli in lines, as was easily seen from the wind* ward side of her ; a square stern, a fiddle figurehead, a knifelike cutwater, and the more exquisite for symmetry and appear ance aloft for her royal yards being down and for the cleanness her four topgallant masts took from tha absence of hamper there. You almost felt her disdainful wrath at being overhauled by the little schooner ; for what but that, to a nautical eye at least, should signify the savage blows she struck the seas, those eager swerving sweeps that would put a tremble, like a shudder of foiled Impatience, into the weather leeches of her topsails, the wild rise of the oncoming surge a3 if she would leap it in her passion; then the sickly reel to leeward till the grey-backed billow rising high and foaming between her and the schooner hid her to half the height of her lower masts from the triumphant gaze of Hiram and Mr. Fortescue, who was beginning to forget that it wa3 cold and wet in the melancholy grandeur of the scene his consciousness was now com passing. (To be continued.) 