ROSPECTING COX'S B IG H T AND LOUISA BAY. On tbc 21st of last month. J l r Thomas Howard, accompanied by bis eon and two boatmen, proceeded on a prospecting tour to Louisa Bay ant Cox’s Bight, two indentations io tbe Tasmaoian Coast between the S.W. and S.E. Capes, aod nearly opposite those wild islets known on tbe map as Dc W ilt’s or Maatsnfkers Islands, but better known to tbe hard} fisherman as the Witches. Pome lime party of two tt spected this part of tbe coast, and brongbt up some samples of quartz which, when assayed, we e found to contain a fairly good percentage of gold. A 6mall company was formid for the purpose of prospectiDg the place farther, and testing the truth of the two finders’ statements, and M r Howard wb* selected as tbc perron to go down on bt-half. According to M r Howard's diary Ji* appeals to have had a pretty rough time of it. and notwithstanding all his exertions he failed to find any indications of minerals. We, hon’crcr, must not anticipate, out give an epitome of M"r Howard’s diary, which runs thus:— W e took our departure from tbe wharf in the cotter Kcut on tbe date mentioned above, and on the first day got as far a* the Shepherd’s After an uneventful voyage down the channel wc reached Recbcrcbe Bay on tbc 23rd, aod left again on the 24th, but rough weather peiled ns to once more head the bay. where we lay until the 30tli. McD. uqall's mill was bid good-bye to on th at date, and Wedge Island was breasted at 2 a.m. on tbc 1st inst.; lhc W itches passed at 4 a.m ; Loui«a Bay p&sg.d; a t 7 a.m. Cox Bay was reached at 12 o'clock. As soon as the anchor bad been dropped, we went ashore and discavered some tricks of where some people had been d.ggmg The formation of the couutrr about here seemed to be that of a blue slate, studded plentifully with mundic and quaitz, and altogether looked a likely one for gold. Tbe 2nd of December broke thick and rainy, and towards tbe afternoon we ; landed near a nice-looking creek for gold. The shovels were soon point;, and we 1 tried several dishes of the wash, bnt failed to get the vestige of a color. After slicking at this work for some time, we determined to scale an adj-tcent mountain, and pet a good look at the country. This proved rather n tough job. owing to the dense scrub. From a casual glance obtained of the country, it appparert to be nearly ell of quartz formation, and we thought it would be very deceiving if we did not strike the color somewhere. On descending the mountain we struck ano'her creek, out of which we tried several prospects, but the result* were ty well all mundic, unaccompanied a spec of tbe precious metal. We then commenced to follow the creek down towards its outlet. This was regular killing work, the scrub and cutting urass thick as a quickset hedge, ripping and tearing all our clothes to pieces. At last we got ‘ie mouth, which fell into io* over a fall of nearly For some time we were in aquandary ae to how wc should descend as the slope was something about tbe same r .... js tbo roof nf St. David’s Church. The descent by dint of sliding and holding on by tcoth an ! nail was at last accomplished. and we found ourselves on a rocky beach and about four miles from the oamp, which was reach d after feme frightfully r 'iigli travelling, A cup of , mixed with some “ Pain-K iller” fixed up, and we turned in. The follow.ng morning. 3rd December, we started on thp way for Cox's Bluff, about five miles distant. Anchor was iropp-d here and apain made ar.otiier tour onshore. The first spot we struck was a gully lined with dense scrub which was almost oDpcnetretable. H fro we tried •al prospects with tbe same eld re- “ no gold.” Wh*n we stepped on board of tbe Kent again it was blowing strong from the westward that vc had up anchor «nd make for Cox’s Bay gain. The 4thinsiant was ushered in with a thick rain ; we, however, went bore and came across a nice looking , where we sunk a hole bottoming t on a pretty looking wash. Dish after dish of this was washed, but not pvcd the ghost of a color could we raise. This sort of work wav rather disheartening, aod we left tho golly and struck large quartz reof. W e broke piece* of the cap Lorn time to time but they were very hungry appearance, and subsequent lo-ting proved them mere worthless rubbish. Iho dividing range which Feparates Cox Bight from Louisa Bay was thentriod. This range is very lofty, and the summit of it wo6 only reached aftor great difficulty. This is tbe place where Macquarie, one of the former prospectors, said be found tbe gold reef. After spending tome time on tbe top without finding any iudiettioas of minerals, we decided todeicend to Louisa Bay. The d- sccnt wav a caution, being |y sci’omp'ishcd bv dint of bolding on _.idslipping &nd; sliding. A fter stumbling over stones and lacerating ourselves through the thick prickly scrub we got to tbe bottom in a pretty condition, half the clothes being torn off ub. Tho bottom in question w*b a swampy fiat, which was very heavy for walking. .After a rest we hold a consultation, and as it wa« blowing hard some of the party determined to make their way back to the boats When they reached the boats the wind had freshened to e gale, and the captain was eomie’led to let go three anchors to prevent the vessel dragging on shore. W e (the writer and the others) rro^eded to Louisa Bay, four tnilei farther on, where we found some sand wbioh looked like t n, b ut which on testing we found turned ont to bo iron end peifectly valurleia. Wc then took walk across the b. aoh for ih r purpose « looking a t the reef th at Macquarie said existed there, bnt after clambering and tumbling all over the place until dark­ less set in we were obliged to uive up the search in despair. 1 he whole of tt at day we had not one bite to eat, and as we had tramped over 20 miles through villainously rough couutrr we w«re completely baked ont To make matters worse, we Sad no bedding or eoything to eat with us. We, however, hong ont till the morain , when we aeain made a search for the reef without success. Tbe color of th<conntry seemed to be the same as (hat desoribed to the writer by Macquarie, b ut the reef mentioned by him did nol turn np. After a council of war we determined to go back to Cox’s Bight, where the boat lay for more tucker. The distance was sonte 16 miles through fright­ reached until tbc evening. The vere running into the ba^ with terrido force, and the next question now wc had got here, was how we were to get on board. The only thing we could do was to strip, aod after some severe buffeting w ith the elements, we got board thoroughly fagged out was a dreadful night, and before * e had been long on board the vessel commenced to drag her anchors. By manipulating her auebors our captain kept the vessel off the rocks. Tuesday, the 6th, presented just as gloomy an outlook as the previous day, and one of tbe anchors parted. Luckily, however it was buoyed, and we were able to obtain it aeain later on. Ib e rain now com-; mcoced to pour down in torrents, and knocked tbe sea down a lot. Wednesday ushered in nearty the same state of things, and we were still obliged lo remaio where we were. On Thursday ifted the three anchors and loft for ox’s Bluff, about five miles distant. fter breakfast two of ua went aslioi and after some climbing we came to scrubby creek. W e discovered eon likely-looking creviceB here which wei dug out and washed a groat many of the dishes of the stuff, but not a vestige of the color showed itself. There well-defined reefs and good working quartz abont here, b nt still the stone has not the slightest indication of gold In tbe vicinity of the Binff are plenty of creeks and gullies which are covered in dense scrub. The land, where clear, is covered with button grass, and more worthless-looking ground—said Mr Howard, tbc writer—it has seldom been mv lot to travel over. On Friday we left for Louisa Bay, where we arrived at In the bay is an island, upon which we landed, b a t failed to find any auriferous stone on it. 'Tear where we landed oq tbe main was sandy bar, which guarded the entrance >a river which appeared navigable for a oat for a considerable distance, but the ntrance was ao bad that itwa« only folly n try the passage in the heavy sure hich was running. Taking a stroll long tbe beach for about three miles wp bserved plenty of quartz, but on testing quantity not color could be ob- Near here \ as a small cave with board fixed up o i it, on which was ritten the name “ George Bradley.” n tbe evening the barometer started to all aeain, and our captain derided that best p hn would |be to get back Cox’s Bay where we dropped nchor about 8 p.m. On SatU'diy nother look was taken at the country ith no coed results, end we oameto the onclnsion that it would only be wasting ime to prospect any further. On Sunay. the 10th, we paid a visit to Cox’s luff where one day last week the writer erceived a large lane in the distance at he extreme end of tbe bluff. W e landed wo miles from tbe lake, which we disovered to be about 10 miles round, and n extremely picturesque spot. At our ime of visiting there was only one swan it and no ducks. After visiting the ake we crossed a large river which btains its source from the lake nd empties itself ou to tee ench. After walking three miles long tbe beach we came to a high cliff, ound which we fount it impossible to et. After some pretty tall climbing we ucceed in surmounting this obstacle. efore we reached our boatmen we bad nother cliff to climb, an i after some ifficulty we found ourselves once more n bottd of our craft in Cox’s Bay. On onday we waited for a favorable wind o take us home, and on Tuesday, at 2 30, e set sail for town. Having covered 30 iles, the wind changed, and we dropped nchor in South Cape Bay, where *ome oal operations were prosecuted some ime back. On "Wednesday, the 13th. we ifted the anchor, anxious to get home ut of such a rough spo'. Recherche ay was reached at 8 a.m.. and once more e greeted the occupants of McDoaga'l'^ Mill after some rough experiences. We ook a departure tTom Recherche at 1 pm . on the t-amc day, the wind being in our favor. Off Southport the wind freshened to a gale, which obliged us to reduce sail, and Dennes Point was reached at 8.30 p.m.. the 50 miles being covered in sixhours. TbeCovewas reached at 2 a m. the next day. Duringonr stay at Louisa Bay wo saw numerous badgers and seme wallaby, which induced believe th at any party having a |»ood dog would not go short of food. Giving a general idea of the country, I am of the oninion that it is not auriferoui, and utterly unfit for cultivation. 