City Chat. THE FARCEUR, Parliament meets on the 20th September, and as a matter of course, mighty prepara- tions are being made by members—es- pecially the gosling members—for the com- ing fray. It has been said that the Gov- ernment is taking matters far too easily and their present binjie-bursting excursions through the land render it impossible for Ministers to draw out a programme, and make up their minds as to their future course of action. This, however, is idle talk. In the first place it is not at all probable that anything important will be attempted and in the second place there is only one mind to make up. Premier Parkes is the Govern- ment, and he has figured out everything al- ready : from our war policy down to the spot where he is to be buried. At present he is on a starring tour up North accompanied by his "Sprightly" Mr. Minister Inglis, who, in case all things else fail can work both their passages back by means of his magic lantern entertainments and the recital of his Munchausen-like tales of moving accidents by flood and field while in search of the deadly tiger, or eighteen-penny tea. Sir Henry has repeatedly declared that his chief reason for calling a second session of Parlia- ment this year is to make straight our financial affairs for 1888 and if he succeeds in carrying out this plan it is probable he will consider that sufficient for the day is the evil thereof, and turn up all further leg- islation until the Christmas festivities are over. Meantime the country is going to the antipodes of glory with a celerity worthy of a better cause, but as this will be all the same to us in another century or so why need we trouble our heads about it. Let us eat, drink, and be merry for no one can tell how long the fun will last. * * * That it can't last long, and that we must either "swear off," and reform, orrun against a snag before long is very, certain, for al- though the Parkes party was placed in power to remedy the evil alleged to be due to the Jennings administration the plan fact is that nothing of importance has been done, and we are now in a far worse state than ever. Mr. John Roche Ardill a well-known politician, has figured this out and he gives his figures for it too that the disburse- ments; &c.;, for the respective quarters of '86 and '87 show that the Jenning's Gov- ernment spent. £2,297,196 while Mr. 'Cocky' Burns has got through £2,406,829 or the nice little pile of £109,633 more than our apparently wrongly-maligned Sir Pat- rick. The Minister for Mines has just about doubled the expenditure of his prede- cessor, the figures being £31,291 against £64,441, and all he received for the quarter was £8,255. With our railways the farther we go the worse we grow, for there is a steady decline every year in the way of re- turns, and an increase in the matter of ex- penses. Our land sales are also shortening, and as for our Public School fees the follow- ing figures speak for themselves—in the last quarter of '85 they totalled £16,066 ; in '86 they reached £17,267 ; and in '87 the returns for the past quarter only amount to £15,847. * * * On the whole we are burning the candle, at both ends and in the middle also. The retrenchment racket from which so much was expected proves to be but a delusion and a snare, and, apropos to this can anyone conceive a more idiotic, if not criminal piece of business than that alluded to in last week's Nepean Times under heading of "Retrenchment with a vengeance." Here we find that a contract had been given in a most unbusinesslike and underhand way without a single notice being published that tenders for such work were required, and all this has been done, if the Colonial Archi- tect's telegram is correct, simply to save a miserable shilling or two for advertising. Only the other day I pointed out that the whole of the most valuable frontage to Lake Macquarie had been secured by a sharp Sydney syndicate for a few hundred pounds, when in reality the property was worth thousands, and thousands would certainly have been freely given for it by the resi- dents of the district had they known that the land was for sale. It seems however, that it was "not usual to advertise such small matters" in the local press, and un- less the affair was nipped at the last moment this saving at the spigot and wast- ing at the bung- hole policy of the Govern- ment has been the means of defrauding the Treasury out of thousands of pounds. It is said that some members of Parliament were not wholly unconnected with this syndicate, and if this is true we need no ghost to come from the grave to tell us why the sale was not advertised. The Penrith work may be worth £400, but how does the Colonial Architect know that some contractors could not be found to do it for £350, or perhaps £300? If a minister wishes to build a fowl-house for himself he endeavours to get it done as cheaply as possible, and I am dead sure that if the Colonial Architect owned land in Penrith and wished to erect- a terrace on it he would not grudge a few shillings for an ad. in the Times, even though he could obtain a Government Gazette notice for what it is worth, viz.: nothing. This is an ugly affair, almost as ugly as the Colonial Architect's own nightmare ghouls and satyrs in the Post Office carvings, and as it is a matter which affects not only Pen- rith but every other town in the colony, it is to be hoped we will hear a little more about it. Talking of jobs, if rumor doesn't lie worse than an epitaph, or a Continentale cablegram there's a nice little rod in pickle for some one up Parramatta way. It is said that the "Good Government" which is so care- ful of the people's pennies has just purchased a site for a Court House and police barracks at Parramatta for £10,000, under circum- stances which, putting it mildly, are some- what peculiar. It is further stated that this property consists of the Woolpack Hotel and grounds, and that it was recently of- fered to the public for £7000, but no one seemed inclined to close the bargain. Furthermore, we are told that the present Court House is sufficient for years to come, and that the Government already owns a site near the railway for a Court House and barracks which was bought for £5000 or £6000. Now, it is proposed to sell the pre- sent Court. House and its site at the opposite side of the street, and, in addition, to sell the site on which the present barracks stands, as well as the site near the Railway Station, so that the business is nicely messed up altogether, and to top the lot we learn that the recent purchase has been made against the recommendations of the Police Department and the Colonial Architect. This matter will fit in nicely with the rumpus to be raised by Mr. McEIhone over the water frontage near the A.S.N.Co.'s wharf purchased at a ridiculously high figure, and altogether the Government may expect to have quite a parrot and monkey time of it when they again face Mr. Speaker. * * * Exactly a year behind the contract time the great Northern Railway has been opened in a make-shift sort of fashion, but there is still a gap of 14 miles to be spanned, and this will probably remain unfinished till about 1889. When this is completed we will have uninterrupted railway communication between Adelaide and Brisbane; a nice little stretch of 1800 miles, but until it is finished the line will be worse than useless. The present break necessitates a steamer trip of 14 miles, and over a mile of this consists of water rough enough to make a man heave up even a Government situation, and in addition to this, each passenger will en- joy the wild hilarity attendant on two luggage transhipments. Next to falling down four flights of siairs with a wash-stand and crockery I know of nothing that can afford a man or woman more excitement and amuse- ment than shifting a few gross of trunks, band-boxes, carpet bags, and the like from one steamer to another, but this pleasure must be increased a thousand fold when the change has to be made from a steamer to a train, and vice versa.- Until the Northern line is opened right through, it must be worked at a dead but substantial loss; in fact it is a matter of grave doubt if the line will ever pay at all. The three contracts on this line were to have been finished on 30th September, 1886, and it is a matter which requires some explananion as to why the public are to be saddled with this enormous, loss. This will be another thorn in the Ministerial bed of roses. * * * And talking of railways here's a neat and new story of railway employment. A cer- tain engine-driver had been discharged for not exercising sufficient discretion in his business affairs. Being a tolerable self-re- liant man however, he applied to be rein- stated in his former occupation and then the following chat ensued :—"You were dismissed," said the superintendent austerely "for letting your train come twice into collision. Once we could have overlooked, and we did as on your first occasion; but it is impossible for us to pass over a second offence, and you only waste your time in making such an application as you are now proceeding with." "Why," said the engine driver, interrupting him," that is the very reason why I ask to be restored to my work." "How so? " asked the superintendent in astonishment. "Because, sir," replied the man," if I had any doubt on the first occa- sion as to whether two trains could pass each other on the same line, my doubt is now entirely removed. I have tried it twice, sir, and I find that it can't be done; and you may take my word for it that I shall not try tho experience again." And he did not, for they would not allow him the opportunity. 