Amusements. ? Her Majesty's Theatre. — Abrilliant scene wa» presented at the opening of Her Majesty's Theatre, Saturday evening, when his Excellency the Gover nor and Lady Carrington s.nd suite entered the seats set apart for them. Hearty cheers from all parts of the house greeted the vice-regal party. Humor (Mrs. Georee ifiemold} as chorus then commenced the introductory invocation to Shakespeare's play of Henry V. It seems scme what strauge that the management should have chosen this piece'; for it was, so to speak, '? played to death ' in Sydney years ago. On this occasion no new features of interest were presented. The play, as arranged by Mr. George Kignold, makes all other characters in it so com pletely subservient to the part of the King, which he takes himself, that they have but little opportunity of distinguishing themselves. The musical chorus in tbe play was very weak. The triumphal entry into London was well carried out, and the arrival of King Henry on his old familiar gray charger was heartily cheered. It will probably soon be found that it was not the play that was the attraction for so large an audience, but that the public and personal friends of the proprietors were anxious to testify their appreciation at having so magnificent a building for public performances, and to witness the brilliant adornments and iightinsf. Society Skating Eine, Double 3a?. — There was a fairly large attendance of the devotees of the graceful art of gliding along on rollers at this favorite place of amusement on Saturday night. On that occasion a most acceptable addition to the regular programme was introduced in the shape of a contest with foils, between Caplam E. N. Jennings, champion of ' broadsword and all arms ' of the world, and Professor William Manning (who, it will be recollected, was recently defeated by Cap tain Jennings with broadswords) for the cham pionship of New South Wales, a purse, and a gold medal. The conditions were two bouts of three minutes' each. In the first bout some splendid swordsmanship was exhibited, and the thrust, charge, and defence tactics of both men were greatly admired. The result was a win for Captain Jenniaus by two points ; the 6cores being : — Jennings 5, Manning 3. It may be well to mention that tbe rink is open daily, and noi three days a week, as was errone ously announced by a contemporary. Next Saturday night Professor Manning wiii try con clusions with Professor Signey at baton versus singlestick. The contests oniy occupy between ten and fifteen minutes, and they do not inter fere materially with the enjoyment of toose who prefer skating to exhibitions of skill in farce. Alhameba. — The popularity of the Aihambra Music Hail continues unabated, and a large audience on Saturday evening gave every proof of the successful manner in wL-ii;h Mr., i'rank Smith and his co»pany caterod to their amuse ment. Academy or Music — On Saturday evening the time-honored entertainment of ' Pepper's Ghost,' nuiLU ixi.au Dan uuc ugutj ul, 1-civua.j liilv? UcLt&llcob;, on the boards of the London Polytechnic, was produced at ths Academy of Slusic before a fairly numerous assemblage. The programme started with a farcical sketch, called ' The Barber Bewitched,' in which a follower of the ' ton sorial art ' was sore let and hindered in plying his trade by the continual transformations and disappearances of his customer, whom lie finally succeeded in beheading. ' The Phantom Min strels ' occupied a considerable portion of the evening with ti-- eir songs and dialogues, several ?of which were too giiost-like*to be auchbie. The gruesome comedy of the 'Haunted House' wound up the programme, which was sufficiently long and varied to suit every taste. The musical portion oT the entertainment was decidedly flat tin many parts. The ghosc was also not quite 'free from censure, inasmuch as he failed to put in an appearance sometimes when called upon, and at others got mixed up 'with and sat upon other spirits more eu'istantial than itself, in a way that was, to say the least, confusing to a spectator.. With these points remedied, Mr. S. Vincents 'Ghost' should not be 'laid' for tome time to come. The CoLtJsrBiA Skating Eink. — The stilting rink in the Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park, appears to be gaining in patrons by aston ishing bounds ; and is, no doubt, one of the favorite resorts of pleasure seekers. On Saturday evening it was visited by several hundreds of rinkers and onlookers, both seenringlv taking a great interest in the pastime. Ceiteeion Teeatre. — Miss Essie Jenjns again met with the heartiest of receptions from a house crowded with admirers, on Saturday evening, when ' Borneo and Juliet ' was a#ain put on. Trie other parts were played uniformly wed, and the production is without doubE the best of the play yet seen in this city. New Opera Bouse. — The attendance at Misg Amy Sherwin's concert on Saturday evening was but meagre, notwithstanding that'au attractive programme had been provided. Sliss Amy Sher win sang ' Scenes that are brightest,' ' Hunt ingtower' in the first part, and 'Lg! here the gentle lark ' and the ballad ' No, sir !' in the second — all in an admirable manner. Other items were contributed by Signor Lencioni and Messrs. Walshe, Frank Bidsdale and Eerr Rhodes, the concert concluding with the duo scene from ' Don Pasquale ' given by Sliss Amy Sherwin and Signor Lencicni. Though small, theaudience was a highly appreciative oue, and however short it fell in realising the chief object of its organisers, it was, from a musical point of view, a decided treat. , Theatre Royal. — A full house in every, part excepting the dress circle witnessed the drama of ' Human Nature ' at t;.e Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. Little Daisy Chester and the other players were the recipients of as plentiful applause as has been their lot since the piece was first put on, and the military sc^ne evoked; the same enthusiasm. 'Huuian Nature' will run for some time longer. Standard. — Mr. Dainpier reproduced, on Saturday night, the ' Pitutire of the Savannah,' with himself in the role of the Tiger Slayer. There are several sensational incidents in 'the drama which, aided by some capital mechanical effects, elicited the very warmest enthusiasm from the audience on Saturday. l3uring; his long and uninterrupted season of succese at tt»e Standard, Mr. Danipier has gone to so much trouble and expense to please tbe votaries of the theatre, that it is gratifying to find that both he and his company have become so popular. T.M.C.A. — On Saturday evening r young men's thankp^iving service was held' under the presi dency of Mr. David Walker. The object of the service was to receive experiences, and return thanks for the progress of the work of the associ ation. Theweekly servicas contiauo to be well attended. ? . . . . . : The Victorian 'Bawfcist jubiloe will foe ?&& in 1S89.;- ????'; ..-,._? 