LOCAL NEWS The ghost is still a common topic of conversation in town, and being seen every now and again several gangs are out nightly to gain a personal interview , but so far, without success. We have had marvellous stories related to us of the doings of this creature, which we think at least shows its nationality by haunting the Presbyterian Church. It is evidently a transparent being, as a brick wall is quite discernible through its luminous frame, and while its activity is simply immense, as far as we can gather, it is on the whole not iInferior to the ordinary European spectre in vanishing power. We state all this hecause it is satisfactory to note that no third rate apparition has come in our midst. The latest story about it is that on Monday night it was met, near the Presbyterian Church of course, by an armed man who had joined in the search. The hunter no sooner came in sight of his game than he fired his revolver. Fearful to relate, no report followed, and the ghost, with a low 'gurra gurra' sort of laugh, tossed the bullet back to the man. Three shots with similar awful effects were made, and the would-be assassin then turned and fled in holy horror. The truth of this story is vouched for by a bank clerk, who swore it to us most solemnly on a cookery book. Tiie adjourned fortnightly meeting of the Hospit'il Committee was held yester day afternoon, tbe following gentlemen being present — Messrs. W. Southerden, (chair), C. A. J. Woodcock, E. F. Han ley, W. Sim, and T. R. Dick ins. Corres pondence was received from Mr. Rankin, manager of the Queensland Collieries Co., forwarding £3 Is. 6d., collected from the workmen as a donation to tbe Hospi tal. The sub-committee reported having distributed the lists for contribution over different parts of the town, with respect to Hospital Saturday. It was stated that various gentlemen had beeu interviewed with respect to sitting with ladies at the small tables which will be placed at dif ferent corners of the street for collection, each lady and gentlemen to sit for say an hour, and the hours will be from 10 to 12 a.m., 3 to 6 p.m., and 7 to 9 p.m. A box will also be at, the court on Thursday, after the Circuit Court is over, so that jurors, after geLting paid, will be able to contribute. The Government steamer Fitzrojr should be down from Rockhampton to day for her usual overhaul. This vessel, it will be recollected, was in tbe bauds of John Walker and Co., of this town, for conversion into a screw steamer. Speak ing of this alteration, though of course without being so indiscreet as to mention the name of the firm who did the job, as it was done out of Brisbane, the Brisbane Portmaster says in bis annual report : — ' Tbe conversion of the Fitzroy from a paddle to a screw steamer has been very successful. She is more efficient for the present work and more economical in her consumption of fuel than before, het speed ia not les9 than about niue knots, and she bas proved herself a much better sea boat than formerly.' A rather remarkable occurrence toot place near Croydon, on the Burrum liue, on Monday evening, during the severe1 thunderstorm which fell over Marybo rough. A lad was riding alongside the fence of what is knowu as Wilson's pad dock, and five yards in front of him, ou the other side of the fence, a cow dropped, down dead, having been struck by lightning. Tha youngster wasonly about fifteen feet from the cow at the time.. The poor brute showed no marks on her whatever. The sittings of the Maryborough Cir cuit Court open to-morrow, before Mr. Justice Mein, who will arrive from Rock hampton this morning in the steamer Burwah. The following cases will be dealt with : — G. W. Hughes, for indecent assault upon a little girl, and Robert Weise, for shooting with intent. The dredge Maryborough has now ar rived in Brisbane, all well, for an over haul, which will last about a fortnight, wheu she will return to work in Sandy Straits. At the '.Grammar School to-day, the committee (Mrs. H. Corser and Mr. Staf ford) will be required only in the after noon, from 2 p.m. till 5 p.m. The Oddfellows held their fiist monthly meeting in their new hp.ll in Adelaide-street on Monday night. The i nimitable O'Kane or tb'e Northern hlin'r has received a scathing 'slating' from Miss Tessie Chapman who lectured here some little time ago. ag the following, extract from au eschar,™ wj]i show In the course or her l ecture, Miss Chap man referred to a/p'^ragfapj] jn that day's Miner published j{r- O'Kane, stating that ueither M/-jS O'Gorman nor herself were beauties, and consequently should not be allow? ,i address the audience, tone would. .i-.V: it editors of newspapers naci to submit to the same standard be fore oevn-g allowed to addresB the public through. a newspaper, what possible chance would Mr. O'Kane have of ever retain. iQg his position. The query was rece'.ved by the audience with roars of lar.ghter. She looked upon the paragraph ir. tbe Miner as a tyrannical attempt at the curtailment of free speech. Under the circumstances she felt pity for Mr. O'Kane in consequence of his history. Miss Chapman then, in a humorous and ironical manner, gave the result of her ethnological researches into the genealogy of O'Kane, which took her back to the time of Adam. She s.aid that after Cain had killed his brother the Lord came down and enquired, ' O, Cain, where is thy brother? aud bail afterwards sent Cain off as a wanderer. Oue of his de scendents went to Ire land, and settled there, and would not htive been allowed to stay there only that the inhabitants were told that the visitor waB under the special protection of the Deus, or Lord ; and ever since the eldest son ofthefiamily was so called the, .Deus or lhadeus O'Cain now rendered O'Kane. The command to be a wanderer was still fc sit in the family ; one of them had come to Charters Towers and settled down, but he still wandered, even in his writings, for if he started a leader, say o'j the Irish Land Question, be wandered till he finished up with a diatribe orj the Heathen Chinee. The murderous instinct of Cain still showed itself in the representative here, for being debarred from physical murder, he mur dered. the reputation of every lady and gentleman who disagreed with him, and in addition he murdered the 'Queen's English.' At tbe Bun.daberg municipal contest on Friday, the vacant seat in the Council was contested by Mr. John Rowland and M-. George Ad ams, publican, son of Mr. Adams, M.L.A. Mr. Rowland had a majority of 64. More genuine gratitude has been evoked through the instrumentality of. St. Jacobs Oil than by any other dis covery in the world's history. It bas completely taken the sting out of all rheumatic corupl aints. Tub accommodation at the Great Western Hot-1 in unsurpassed in Mary borough. Plunge and shower baths, and every modem con venienoe for, the UBeof visitors. P. Morgan, late of Gundiah, is the proprietor. Wolfe's Sohnappa the only genuine brand of Hohsapps in th* world, fiswweof Imitation*. The following particulars with refnr pnce to the disappearance of Mr. C. F. Bovey from the R.M.S. Almora, which was mentioned it) our telegrams a few days ago appears in the TowBaville Bulletin. Mr. Bovey took a saloon passage at Mackay. in the Almora for London, and several friends accompanied him on board on Friday to bid him fare well. He retired to bis cabin, of which he was the only occupant, early iu tbe evening, and on the steward visiting it lirst thing on K«turdsy morning, he found.that Mr. B'vey had disappeared, nor was he to lie found anywhere on board. It iB surmised that Mr. Bovey forced bis way through the port hole — which is quite litrge enough for such a feat— while in a st.ite of somnambulism, and of course fell into the Bea and was drowned. About half-past eleven o'clock on Friday night, the cbief officer, who was od the bridge at the time beard a scream and immediately sent aft, but as no disturbing element was discovered, and there was no repetition of the sound he took no further notice. It is stated that the port hole exhibited appearances which support the theory that Mr. Bovey made his exit froin the vessel by that means. When tbe scream waB heard the Almora was approaching Bowen, and was about a mile from a small Island, which, as Mr. Bovey was au excellent swimmer, he might have reached had be his senses when he plunged into tbe water. In the cabiu were found the clothes which Mr. Bovey bad worn on the previous evening, but his pajamas were missing, iudicating that these were tbe only garments be bad on when he went overboard. Among bis belongings ? were found the sum of £150 in cheques and £60 in gold, and a quantity of curios which he collected forfrieudsin Euglaud. One of the most brilliant affairs of the season, says a home correspondent, was tbe ball given by Lord aud Lady Z ttlanri at their town mansion in Arliugtou-plaee on Monday uigbt. A feature of the dressing on the occasion was the wonder ful amount of icwellery worn by the ladies. Kor a number of years it has not been fashionable to wear costly jewels except on great State occasions, and English ladie9 were wont to smile at their American sisters for decorating themselves in pe.irls and diamonds be fore dinner. Bui all this Has changed. The Princess of Wnles lias set the fashion of wearing jewellery all through tbe day, riding, driving, walking, aud iu the Row. It is said she has beeu actuated by a desire to improve trade in this direc tion. If this be so she has undoubtedly doue a great deal of good in a very in teresting department of industrial art. Ladies now wear costly gems in their bonnets, find as pins of all kinds. The following lands will be thrown open for selection on November 7th next, at the various laud agents' districts named : — Bundaherg (44tli section) : 35 agricultural farms, from 160 to 600 acres each, parish nf Bnoyal, on the resumed part of Walla run ; maximum area, 640 acres. Gladstone (44th sectiou) : Five agricultural farmv — three of 160, one of 150, and oue of 110 acres— on the resumed part of Riverston run, iu the parish of Riverston. Gympie (44th section) : One agricultural farm, 140 acres, parish of Curra. Tenniugering (44lh section) : One agricultural farm, 30 acres, parish of Wolca. Bundaberg (44th sectiou) : Seven grazing farms, one of 1.280, one of 1,600, :and five of 2,000 acres each, parish of St. Agues, on the resumed part of Walla 'run'; maximum area, 10,000 acres. Glad stone (44th section! : Five grazing farms of 5,120 acres, parish of Alma, on re umeii part of Mount Alma run. There being no criminal cases to bring forward at the quarterly sittings of the Central District Court on Monday (says the Qympic limes) Judge Miller was, at tbe opening' of the court, formally pre sented with a pair of white kid gloves. Tn acknowledging the compliment, His Honor referred to tbe fact that from the whole of tbe Wide Bay aud Burnett dis trict only two criminal cases had been brought before him this quarter, and in view of the close settlement of the district aud the largeness of the populatiou, he considered this state of affairs creditable in the highest degree, and one of the best proofs that could be supplied as t.o tbe sterling character of the inhabitants generally. ^ *A man named Clarke, a wharf labourer rat Rockhampton, died on Saturday from ?eating locally prepared brawn. Two other families affected by the same cause are not yet out of danger. Wolfk's Scbuappe— It has oiten been pirated but never had a rival. Food fob Consumptives, pcott's f.MULSJON OF Fdbe Cod Liver Oil with Hypophosphi tes of Limb and Soda, is a mist wonderiul iood ior the Consumptive. It not only gives strength iiud increases the flesb, but heals the irritation of the throat and iunss. l.t is very palatable: children 1;tke it like milk. ana In all -wa-'ting diseases both for adults and children It 36 a Liarvelious food and medicine. Xiarge small bottles a,' all Chemists. 