ST. MARTIN'S, H·A WKSBURN. .The above church was filled to over flowing last Sunday evening, on the occasion ofi Bishop Gnu preaching'there. It was tlR; first of 'a series oft Sunddiy evening M1ission Siviicc',. which' have been arranged for St. Martia's. for 'the next two months,' and to' which all and sundry 'are cordially' invited by circular. Theomiesion preachers, whose names aspear in the circular, include all the' parties iri the church, and it is pleasuat to find ligh aid Low church co-operating so harmoniously. The sermon to-morrow evening is to bhe by the Rev. Hii. F. Tucker, tihe popular vicar of South Yarra, his subject 'being " the World against the Soul."', .If last Suuday evening's service is a specimen of. those that are to follow, they will be popular. The" music wHas of ai veryv simple ebaraicter throughout, anthe'nis ald solos beiag cx cluded, and. well-known .hymnsu being selected; the singing throughout the whole church, especially in the processionral and recessional hymns, was inost hearty and congregational. The bad custom of keecping non:seatholders waiting for a setv till tile beginning of the Psalms is notfol lowed at St. Martin', and all.comers are bshown into a pew at once-a practice whichl it is a'pity is not, followed in all Anglican churches. His Lordship took his text firom Acts x. 42-"And he com manded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that it is Ihe vwhich was ordained of God to be Judge of qluick and dead." Tbhe discourso was as follows:- In tho order of the four lasot thingo, judyument follows death: "It is.nppointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment." Why, it may beo asked, is the intorval between the death of a loan and his appearance before the judgment-seat passed over in these words, as if of no account? Not becuse of its brecity, for think of the ages which have elapsed since the patriarchs died, and entered the unseen world; yet the day of 'judgment is still future. But whether the interval between a man's death and his judgmcint bh long or short, the Judge will not enquire into the manner in which that interval hIas been spent. In the case of a good man, it is spent in the nearer conrtemoplntion of his Lord and in a growing assimulation to IHis likeness. In the case of one who died im penitent, it may issue in an ever increasing deterioration and alienation from God, But into this the .'udge will not enquire. For the judgment has no reference to the action of the soul while separated from the body; it takes cognizance only of a man's life on earth, while soul and body are in partnership. After' death there may be progress, but there is no probation. St. Paul accordingly says " We must all ap pear, - . . . that every oneo may reeeive the thlings doe in the bodq, and according that he hath done, whether it be good or bad." Independently of express revelation on this solemn subject, there are important considerations which render it probable that a day ofjudgment is coming. (1). The voice of coincidisco: Men carry about in their own breast a judge, who acquits or condemns them. 1)o you not know this? Is there not a voice within, which again and again, by its decision on your motives and conduct, anticipates the future, final deliverance ? Has it not spoken in accents of censure sometimoes, even when friends have applauded you? Now the presence of this. inward montitor, whether we regdrd it as witness or judge, raises'a presumption that a decisive judg nent will one day be pIronouuced by One who hIas the right to utter it. Felix trombled. (2.) lBut a presumption to the same effect is raisned by the controst whiclh we cannot but observe betweon the character of God and the present state of the world. WeV beliove t!at God, as tihe Judge of all maulnkind, is and must be a perfectly julst Being. But though the world is under His rule anti governanco, how many things go in it which are glaringly inconsistent with the idea of justice. Hoow frequently we see wicked men prosper, and good men in adversity l 'How often might triumphs over right! How the pago of history is disfigured by unrighteous wars, in which mighty princes have trampled on the cause of justice, and the innocent have been cruelly oppressed. These things have perplexed thouoghtful men in all ages. Thus the Psalmist gozes upon the ungodly; he sees him murdering the innocent, ravishing the poor, getting him into his net, depriving the fatherless of their right; he hears him saying in his heart, "Tush, God hath foirgotten; he bideth away his face and he will never see it." In his perplexity the Psalmist cries out "Why standest thou so far off, O Lord, and hidest thy face in the time of trouble ?" Such frightful anomalies as these raise a strong presumption that there is a judgment to come, when the justice of God shall be vindicated before angels and men, and they shall exclaimn " Verily there is a reward for the righteous; doubtless there is a God that judgeth the earth." These presumptions, together with othere that might be mentioned, are confirmed by the reiterated and plain declarations of Holy Scripture, and among them by the words of the text. God the Father com mits to His Son Jesus Christ the execu tion of His own judicial power; John v. 22, 23, 27. ' The Apostles were to proclaim that " This is Ie which is ordained of God to be Judge of quick and dead." Now the text, unlike some other passages of Scrip ture which treat of this subject, does not dwell upon the awful acceeaories of the Day of Judgment-the clouds of heaven, the myriads of angels, the throne of glory the gathering of all nations; these circum. stances are well calculated to excite awe in the.bighest degree. But St. Peter giveo chief prominence to the Judge himself. That same Jesus of nazareth, whom His enemies slew and hanged on a tree, but whom God had raised from the dead, has been "ordained of God to be Judge." In a court of justice, while nmany things attract attention, the centre of interest is the judge. And in looking forward to the final judgment of men, our thoughts are mainly occupied with Him svho shball judge us. Last Spring, during the solemn season of Holy Week, we thought of His suffer ings and cruel treatment at the hands of wicked men. We saw Him led as an innocent and helpleos lamb to the slaughter; we saw Him standing in Pilate's Judgment Hall, and judicially questioned by that haughty Governor: "Speakest thou not unto me! Knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and power to release thee?": We gazed on Him, hanging on the Cross, and exposed to the sneers and contumely of all beholders; some hatedl Him, some acoJiad at Him, some oilied Him, a little group loved Him, but none feared Him. But oh I how different will His surroundings be, how different will be the sentimcnts of men towards Him, when He takes His seat on tihe throne of His glory! Every eye shall see 'Him, the arbiter of each one's eternal destiny; a hushed and awe-satrnlk w.orldu will hang breonthless on His lips. It ii well for us to 'dwell on these' thingfi. for, as they are still future, they are apt to hb overlooked in the conteniplation of Jesns as the Gospels represent Him while on earth. When He camo the first time, ioe came not to judge, but io sbeUI, hence the Gospela dwell chiefly on ulim as the a3viour. But atl His second Aildvot HIe on0mes not to savo, hut Io judge. Yet even in Hie character as; portrayed in the Gospels, we can percoive a jidicial side ; and it is well to consider hisa, beeauso it helps us to understand better who and what IHe is " with wlom we have to do." One quilificatioin of a judgo is that ho should havn an insight into- the charactors of men. Jesus had this; John ii. 23-25. Jesus Iknew the fouliugs and'desoires which worelurkling in a man's heart, when tihe man's words would not have suggested it; Luke xii. 13-15. He often spoke to men's thloulhts, as one whb road them; Luke xiv. 1"'-5. He ofteoi warned His hearers against tho pretensiona of men, and against being deceived by the represen tations of others; Ho would say such things as " Believo it not;" "T~ake heed that no man deceive you; " Behold, I have told you." T!his insight, ttlis power to read men's thoughte, to pene trate below a fair outside, and to get at the real truth,-theso are qealifications ofa judge; and we believe that Hie will " come to be our Judge." On onu particular occasion, HEo auticipates thO dIscnarge or -lijudlicial functions, and mnforms us how Io wvili deal with a certain class of persons; Mtlt. vii. 22, 23. This is hn utterance lto make us tremble, It tells us that, at the last day, a religious professibn, the exercise of eonrspicuous gifts, the doing much good in the world, will prove of no avail what ever, if the motive was corrupt. Then if so, all works outwardly good, useful, praise worthy, will be tested by the motive, and by shat alone. W'e may suaposs that the personos described by our Lord in that pasage may haivre enljoyed a high reputna nion in th.? wnorl'l. I'hey had those gifts which wouli naturally command the praises of seu. For the I world's paise is very un ,hinkin$ly and superficially bestowed; it roly extords to the external act. But ouppos;e that those persons whom our Lord declinco to recogniso were actuated by sellish ambition, a desire to aggrandize themselvos, to achieve success, earthly fame and glory, or to strengthen and exalt the party to which they belonged then we see the judgment of Christ diametrically opposed to that of the world; where the world applasuded and extolled, the Judge will esay " I never knew c. y." Our whole lives are read by Him at a glance; tholghts, words, actions. If then oIn that awful day, Flo should mnark, ete, no as to coslemes on account of them, whol shall stand ? \nho can bear the scrutiny ? Pa. 77; Mal. iii. 2. Now if a man be cnmvinccd of sin; awakened out of his ,ntural sleep, and led in real enrunestness to, inqulire " \Whrat mnustIdo to be saved;" forgiv'enUess is to that man the greatl; neces. sily of life. The prospcet of standing before thie Judige unforyiveri is intolerable. He can have nio peace ; ho cannot serve Gaod with a quiet mind, until ihe has obtained frrgivencss; 's. xxxviii. 2, 4. it is a fact that God forgives sins through the merits and :satisfaction of Jesus Christ. We have biolkcn the law, but Christ kept it. We haio desenorved the penalty of trangrcession, but Christ euf. fered it and paid it. We were in bondage to sin, but Christ has paid the ransom price o f His blood, and through Him we nhae redemption through Hils blood, even forgiveness ofsins. Mosotinteresting is the narrative of the manner in' which Martin Luther, while a MIonkI in the Convent of Frfurth, first obtained a hknowledge of the blessed fIct hIero declared. The fear of standing before a Holy God in the judg. rnent harassed anrd distresyed hIis soul for a long time; and be abugit to purhcase peaces and heaven by bodily tortures and mortificationrs, by peinaoces and fastinge; he becanme ill and wasted away, so severe was the strain upon him; and his mindl was the constant prey of gloomy doubts. One day, when at table ii the refectorry, hIe sat without tasting hi, food. " \Vlhy are you so sad, brother Mslrtin," said one who sat next him." " A. !" replied he with a deep sigh, " I do r ot know what will become of me." An aged Mlonk enters his cell, and Luther unburdous him self to the venerable man. The old MoIonk was not fully instructed laimealf, but he knew his Creed, and so 'he repeated to Luther thin article in it " I believe in the forgiveness of sins." . Luther repeated the words. Ah! said the Monk, you must believe not only in tbhe forgiveness of David's and of Peter's sins, for this even the devils believe. It is od's commrnmd that we believe our own sins are forgiven us; hear wilat St. Bernard says in his di.s course on the annunciaition. The testi. mranny of the Holy Ghost in thy heart in this-Thy sin are forgien thee. Thie embracing of this blessed trutth was the beginning of that mightr change which made Luther the chiof actor in thie German Reformation. 