THE CRADOCK GHOST. [From our own Correspondent.] Cradock, May 17. On Saturday, May 14, Mr. A. Mitchell, accompanied by Mr. C. R. Richardson, proceeded from Cradock to Yanyarrie determined as far as was possible to investigate the mystery of the peculiar knockings recently and still heard at Hamdorf's, respecting which very contradictory reports have at different times appeared in the Press. They found the family had removed (as previously intimated) to an unoccupied hut belonging to a Mr. Ford, about 3 miles distant from the former place, where the sounds were fiist heard, Mr. Hamdorf was absent, but the rest of the family were at home, also Schulz, the little girl's father, and his brother. On introducing themselves to Mrs. Hamdorf with a request to be allowed to investigate tbe matter, which was readily granted, they entered, and by conversation learned that the knockings had been heard as recently as the previous night, within a few minutes after the arrival of Mr. Schulz, who bad come from Teetulpa in consequence of his daughter's conncction with the phenomenon. The Hamdorfs expressed great indignation at the statements made by Trooper Shegog, which they characterize as being untrue. Mr. Schulz informed them that tbe knockings had been heard the previous night without utter darknesB, so at about a quarter to 7 p.m. the lamp was turned down, bnt the fire allowed to burn brightly. Tbe little girl called Sissy was then placed at the end of the table beside Mr. Mitchell. After standing there about Bix minutes she said, "It is coming," and sighed very heavily, which, in fact, sne had done several timeB while standing waiting. Mrs. H. eaid, " Can you hear it, Sissy ?" to which the child replied, " Yes, it is in this corner oE the wall; it will soon be here." Mr. Mitchell listened attentively, but could hear nothing for at least two minutes, although Mrs. Hamdorf and those who were accustomed to the rapping professed to hear it earlier, but very indistinctly. He then distinguished a slight tapping, which Mr. Richarason ako heard, from the middle of tbe room.' Mr. Mitchell was standing witfi the chili Sissy at the end of a table at one side of the room, but in front of the fireplace. The taDping became audible in the flags of the noor, between the child and "the walL Tbe father (Schulz) then said that it appeared to him the knocking followed the child, and suggested that the child should be set cn the veritable box on which the alleged fraud was so cleverly discovered by Mr. Shegog, which was done, placed iu the centre of the floor. Mr. Richardson sat on the child's right hand, and Mr. Mitchell at her left on the box, Mr. Mitchell placing his arms around the child, Mr. Richardson holdirg her feet, though each was so intent cn his own part of the stance that neither knew the precaution taken by the other until later. The child seemed inwardly disquieted. Mitchell atked her if she was not well, she replied "Yes. He aEked, "Then wbat mE kes you sigh. -1 Sissy ?" She replied she didn't knew. "Is anything troubling you ?" No." " Do you feel very tired or sleepy ?" " Yes." Tbey then sat in silence, and in abcut half a minute tbe tapping was beard right under their faces (which were all three turned towards each other, bending down) in tbe flags. After the knocking it was heaid immediately behind the box (still in the flags of the floor). AB the child appeared weary MrB. Hamdorf then put her to bed, which was on a mattre?s on the floor, partially in a recess formed by the fireplace, but not touching any wall. In a few minutes the child fell asleep. Very shoitly after dropping asleep her head began to roll slightly trom side to side. Mr. Mitchell then knelt' beside her and carefully examined her and the immediate surroundings with a lamp. Her pulse was rather fell, hands normally warm, cheeks and ears rather cold, region of the brain rather hot. On touching any part of the head a tremor passed through her entire frame, and during the whole stance the child appeared to be under a powerful influence as of mesmerism. Again the knocking recommenced iu the wall. Mr. Schulz asked Mitchell to aaestion the spirit and endeavour to elicit information. Mr. Mitchell then put queries and received answers to the following effect :— The spirit stated that its visit was to Sissy that night, as she was the epiric of her mother, and was distressed on her account. Ber visit would not do Sissy any harm. Mrs. Hamdorf was kind to Sissy. The spirit loved Sissy, and not her little boy. She wished Sissy to be removed to her friends at Blackrock lo be educated in the Christian faith. The spirit would not show herself to the questioner, not even in a dark room, because of its inability to do so. Sissy had seen the spirit of her mother, and was not frightened. The child, however, did not know her. The mother Icnged for Sissy's presence, but would wait patiently until her time came. Sissy would live till she attained to the age of 27. She is now 9 yesis old. The mother, who has bsen five 5ears a spirit, is named Rebecca Schulz. 1 he qoestioner asked if he should forward Sissy's hair btring to Mr. Dobbie, and the spirit replied Yes, as he would be able to rtve al something." She would appear to Mr. Schulz in that room at 1'2 o'clock if all but he end! Mrs. Hamdrof left it. The room must be in darkness. The rappings ceased aboat; S.?5 after one hour and forty minutes' conticucus knecking and answering of questions. I may also add that on Sunday evening some other visitors from Cradock experienced au even irore inteiesting stance (or by whatever name the phenomenon should be cailed). The same mysterious influence appeared to enthrall the child even more completely, for oa one touching her forehead she gave a great spring in bed, at the same time a thrill as of electricity was felt up his arm by the person touching; bat- tbe girl was all unconscious, and after another hour and forty minutes' visit tbe visitor an-Fared to audibly leave, the little one soon regaining calmneES, and those touching her found the influence gone. One of the visitors who is gifted with the faculty of thought or D ied reading endeavoured to elicit information by communication, but though a strong tremor passed from one to the other there was no manifestation, only darkness. Shortly after the knocking ceased the same person said to those present, "The spirit has gone ; I feel its presence passed off." I make no comment on the foregoing, but write at Mr. Mitchell's dictation, and may say that bis statements are bome out In every Darfcieular by Messrs. Thomas Jieed, C. K. Richardson, G. J. Gadd, and -many other strictly truthful and intelligent people, and in consequence of their statements I drove to tbe place and witnessed the same phenomenon myself in company with some twenty others. Tbe child avers that on Thursday night week she Eaw by the light of the moon a figure, closely veiled, appear from a door at ti e ciid of the room and move up and down the room several times. She called.Mrs. flan-doif thrre cr four times, and at the last calling Ifivdei the apparition vanished tiroa;h the tane opining. 