Victoria. Duecjo jilti lee weelr in Victoria, all publio school a will be given a holiday. THE staff of landing-waiters in Melbourne is to be strengthened on account oi the recent Customs frauds. BOTH Houses of the Victorian Parliament will unite in forwarding a joint congratulatory address to the Queen. Beiweek January, 1884, and May, 188", 135,000,000 passengers were carried on the Victorian railway lues. ME. GRATES, in the Victorian Legislative Assembly, called the Premier of that colony " a cold-bloodod icicle, whom nobody liked." SOME of the claims for damages arising out of the Windsor railway disaster involve large amounts, and the total nomber seems to bo greater than anticipated. Sbvzsu. of the Victorian Ministers and a largo number of members of Parliament pro pose to go to Adelaide to wclcome Mr. Deakiti on his arrival next Thursday. A JUBILEE banquet, held under the auspices of the Victorian Public Service Association in Melbourne was a great success. The Governor and Lord Brassey were present. THE system of differential or competitive rates on the Victorian railways for the purpose of -diverting tXo trade of the Biverina to Mel bourne has been in foreo for years. THE Secretary of State for the Colonies has sent a circular to the Premier of Victoria in reference to the developing of the fruit trade between Australia and England THE four prisoners who were concerned in the reccnt disturbance at the Pcutridge prison -were brought before the visiting justices ut Pentridge, and, having nothing to say in ex tenuation of thoir conduct (the Melbourne Ayt states), were sentenced as follows: Twibel, the carpenter, was sentenced to six months' additional imprisonment, and to be kept in , "A" division, the last two weeks to bo passed in solitary confinement. Cooper was also sen tenced similarly. The Mussulmnn, Abdullah, roceived one week's uddition to his sentence, and Claude Winters was exonerated from all blumo. The origin of the row was, wo or* ip I formed, »f a most disgraceful character. I£s. Dj.wes states thero ia not the ghost of a chance of the A.U.8.N. Company employing black labour in tho Australian toads, such a policy meaning simply " oommeroial suicide." THE agreement between tho yictorian Gov ernment and the Chaffey Brothers, with refer enco to the Mildura run, seems to be produoing some sensation in the Legislative Assembly of that colony. THE Premier of Victoria has received from the Secretary of Stato for the Colonies a cir cular asking for information with the view of establishing a trade in fruit between England and Australia. THE effect of the recent Victorian regulation as to differential railway rates iabeinr inquired into by the Now South Wales authorities with a view to counteract the action taken if it la found necessary. The will of the .late Patriot O'Brien, ef Hawthorn, Victoria, has been proved, the amount boing sworn at £183,000; and that of the lata Horbert Bocke, of Bocke, Tompsitt and Co., proved at £49,842. A conEESroNDENT writing to a Melbourne journal Bays: "Would not the forthcoming jubilee year bo a suitable time for Australia to endeavour to obtain a Bong which might be accepted as her ' national song ?'" THE way in which the Victorian Opposition secured an adjournment one night lately was amnsing. "I do not want an adjournment," said Mr. Bent, "but I know the Government expect it, and I will therefore move an adjourn ment." , IK the vice-regal speech in connection with the opening of tho Victorian Parliament, the Governor said, "Tho year would-have: been . without a cloud if a terrible railway disaster had not brought suffering or sorrow home, to all of us." 