CONFIRMATION SEiRVICE AT ST. MARY'S. On Sunday last the Right Rev. Dr. Duone, Ronoan Catholic Arclhhislop of.noutthelt-, Querrvlond, held a eonlirmutiou servive in the labve church. The huilding w'ar crowded. aord there- unore more than 200 eanlidates for the rite. After last noas tihe children were seated ill tire dome of tihe church. opposite the ultar, tire girls ou tile gospel side and SIm, o enys o11 tire ryirele rile. 11 ri it-au,, trao rot teirded Iry the IRar. A. Hr:,e . dtr oI Il yar. lire Arcllrhishotrp, It-for.- admini.iterirg tire sntcr .nrot, roplanhrd that enrnlirrrrttioo ova a reirreal r f •aptinso. WhVen tire rrar,,iidrrter acre. oatOUt'--ic o?uou'ors acted foe thrnrr, hr tiror.o- iheUa thr.y IradI r+oarI tol thet are of r'e'rrooac~ld nolecl'r-rndiog. the.y Caere forward of thehir ru.t free.% aill- frim theirirore hlarts--to renew tire corenant thIey rnId enrtered into at Iruptiri. TIrut waa tire crrJrrarrt whin:h the'y should never forget thtouagh life, orr crmleirfroation Irft on them all irdelirle lrachrk. whricir, oilrrld they prove uarfaithful, God would Iloldr uni ogaront tIherr at the judgmentteurt. He explainedI the varioan essentials hich were necessary for confirmcration. The person to be corrfirmed should Irate a tloroughr knowledge of the law of God, and he remarke:l that it was a great oistake of parents to Ito anxious to have tireir children confirmed ri rilo very young. The clhildree's faithr would Ire often tooted : it trighlt he their lot to fall into conpanry wriricir would mock theor for threir religison, or tlhry toiglat be oubhritiCd to otlar triale, rout tod ;'ouhl filrrlly deli v,-r threnra out alf the load +rf Igpx p ao lie did th--ll chulre a of toracl. ite eorgratulaterl tire Intro on tIre eocetLllrt noannxr ia arhihlr they oad prepared thlrir Irhargee, and said thrat it was really edilyirrg to wirners rhw well the little ciril-Irert frorro thrr eolrory aenstered the satechlisnt-- they were, indeed, a credit to their parents. lis tlace then eat on a chair in the centre of the altar, ned tire girls, wrio were adrrrirably arranged in tire chlrrch by Sister Mary TIheresa. went op in twos, and knelt refore tine Archliolnop to receive the Itoly sacrancut at his Irahds. Tire fevs. A. Horan and hi. Ryaor acted as sponsors. Threre were over 100 girls, all of whroun were tastefully att'ed in white, with blue sashes, aRud sauel girl tore, hang ing fror a thits silk ribhiorr on Iher reck. a sihver merdral, otl or trich was a represertatiorr of a bishop admrrinisteritrg tire facrarrrent, with tIre aordn "Seuvrerir de Cudirmatioo." Tire Iroys. too. were nea'ly dresrd, caelt wearing erhite gloros a-rd aredaos similar to thrsee of tire girls. We arigirt mention that there were not so many gron-nup prople amrrongst the candirluten on this as on previous occasionls. Whrn the cerereorry wan concluded, Iis Grace delivered aur irrotroctive address. lre ohiserved, in coanruoecieg, tlrat tire tIhd reow received the Holy Ghost an Christ had rCet Iiliu upon tIre iranatles T'hevre wane a few tiringe awhicl rll. y srhorlid hserve \--in the lirst place thiey shcould avoir idleness. and, inl the or-at, they shtould sihun tad com pany. Idleners, Ire eaid. one the root of all rrrisclrief. Thlere were not lorighter and moae intellient chilhhvera on the face of the en th tian tire chtild'eu in the Australian Colonies Children shreultl ltereforo Ire kept, at scltni, olr threy eourid fall into idle habrits. They shoail price nrrthrirre dean~r than rducatiner, walicir was -npepialy us,:aul in rhiesa colonies. A niln could go wirere he hlke--to nliand, Irelaord. or iolrre--ald Ite would not lirrd a bletter place for children to obtain school. lug ttuan here. T his ksnwlodge. thrre wasno placne ill irelaod a;,ltrdirg Iretter fucilitiel. It was-)tot enough for n chihl to go ose or tn-o .tnys in tire week, for Ie would tirro take no interest in school, nud the t acher could certainly take no inrterest ill hit. Such a cihild, if kept at home for a petty rxcuse, wouhrl groentp to he a little loafer. Girls so trained wou d ire alsays envrelsco and slovenly. If a child were kept at snelnol regalorly he nould ire alwayn erRngged, sord would nraturally grow up indrstrions; awkilo a personrr whore edcation Iaud heen neglectrl would nee,-fer'ril rare gluromy recnlleotinns of his parents, God seid to a parent ' Take tl~is ciild ned hring it up ftr 01-, unrr a will pay thee thry wrg, s." Whl,-t wag-v could a Ilad fathier or rrrotlher expect at th, hour vf his or hre death? "C Ameen, I rayo tthee I know tlee trt." '"'lotsnty per cent. of theehlildrsn rave irotl.ieg to get frorr tlrcir parents but seloolting. IVlirt a geraln thirng it was to he arle to read and write. to he vrnre. ill grmumar arrd other eri rjects; yet rlrtele avn o-- lucthrirrg else a hlundrded tihnuartd tirret troore vr'ual.l! Othanr ally rf tihe enuhjecto in tire curriculrrrr, and thate oas thr naequirenlent of thIr hahrit of indrudtry. Many Iteople had larvn left thou sandsof I vonnrdt, and alrt had tcrmeofithemi Sones had nnded their lires is lunatieusalhmnrs ethels lhad died in gaol. They tad noserse, no industry: their mnney was wasted, tlreir brains decayed, and their whole life wan gone. Thie none could deny. Thua thev saw the necessity of education ; and a good fattler could ray or Inis death-bed, "I Ihrve dono my duty" Agahil, tley slaoUJd na-id had coRpasy : few understood thle danger of it. He confirmed a child, a few years ago, a-Ito nsw. through the influ once of evil comrpanty. was irt tile Leok Hospital. It waoulrl, Ire yard, hr bcttec for ehlild0eer to be with tire devil titan to ire with had assrcratra. for they would know wvhoat the former was, bht it wa-s nut so nithr tile latter. "I here was nothing sa lrecinos toGod as little chlitdrenj; and woe to thlose wrho led threm astray l There was ene thing more : thry snrould receive the Sacrament of Cnortrttrnoin n reglhRoly. and attend to tile cxhortalione of the nuns, wrho haul taken many clhildrr-,u cut of hlnm:er ir ]3riahiltr : thrry ohroroll go to Church every Sannlay if possiltec, arod keep tile day hr.ly. Int conslosion, ill ordcr tn keep thent -rasa from the te-rptetion of drink. hIe would fellone thrut excell,- t proctiec initiated by ArehllrishoIr ltllding. of Sydeey, twenty.yfc veern ago, and always pro,' tiecul Iry tire late i),. O'Quins--hk would give tlenlt tile pledge until tlry Were twrtv-filre yars-a of nge. All, orroearly cit, of ailoose conlroted theo pledged themselves to abstkin from spirituous liqoors until the aforecaid age. Tihe service throughout was oanu. tiful and intirreesire, and tire chlildrn rcvflect-d great credit on rite Sisters of Mercy. aho pepared the boos as well as tlher girls for tire soalenn rite. In the reaeing hlis Grace ltreached on excellent sermon fronl the Ihvt vt-rso of thr oeevotld ehalrter rf tIre Acts of tire Aportlhr. Tile churclr was again crow-led, and the venerable preacher was listened to with clobe attention. 