SOME HUMAN INSTINCTS. The line to be drawn between simple reflex and instinctive actions is an entirely arbitrary one ; so I can see no objection, on the score of principle, to including, under the title of instincts, Professor Preyer's whole list of the gradual evolving propensities to action of the human babe. Sucking, biting, spitting, making grimaces, clasping, pointing, making sounds expressive of desire, carrying objects to the mouth, averting head and body, sitting up, Btanding, are all accomplishments which come in due order, and lead us to the locomotor age. Each is irresistibly called forth by some appropriate stimulus, and finally becomes subject to the conscious will. Locomotion is more interesting. Untill the walking im- pulse ripens in the nerve-centres, the leg remains limp and indifferent, no' matter how often the child may be hung with its feet in contact with the ground. No sooner, however, has the stand- ing instinct come, than the child stiffens his leg and presses downward as soon as bis feet feel the floor. In some babies this is the earliest locomotor reaction. In others it is preceded by the impulse to creep. Yesterday, the baby sat contentedly wherever he was put. To-day, it is impossible to keep him sitting at all, so irresistible is his impulse to throw himself forward on his hands. Usually the arras are too weak, and the ambitious little experimenter falls on his nose. But his perseverance is dauntless, and he soon learns to travel in the quadrupedal way. The walking instinct may awaken with no less sud- denness, atad its entire education be com- pleted within a week's compass, barring a little "grogginess" in the gait. The common belief that a baby learns to walk is, strictly speaking, untrue. The reflex machinery, as it begins to ripen, prompts him to its use. But, as it ts imperfectly organised, he makes mistakes. If, however, a baby could be prevented from getting on his feet at all for a fortnight or so after his first impulse to do so had manifested itself, and then restored to freedom, I have little doubt of his then being able to walk perfectly, or almost perfectly, " from the word ' go.* " A» small blister on each foot-sole would do the business ; and it is much to be desired that some scientific widower, left alone with his infant at the critical moment, should repeat on the human species the brilliant observation of Mr. Douglas Spalding on various small birds, which he kept till they were full fledged, and then found to fly with absolute perfection the first time he allowed them to spread their wings Usually birds start to fly before either the central or peripheral apparatus is quite ripe. And so do we, to walk. . . . Fear of the supernatural is one variety of fear. It is difficult to assign any normal object for tins fear, unless it were a genuine ghost But, in spite of psychical research societies,1 science hos not yet adopted ghosts ; so we can only say that certain ideas of supernatural agency, associated with real circumstances, produce a peculiar kind of horror. This horror is probably ex- plicable as the result of a combination of simpler horrors. To bring the ghostly terror to its maximum, many usual elements of the dreadful must com- bine, such as loneliness, darkness, inexplicable sounds, especially of a dismal character, moving figures half discerned (or, if discerned, of dreadful aspect), and a vertiginous baffling of the expectation. This lost element which is intellectual, is very important. It produces a strange emotional " curdle " in our blood to see a process, with which we are familiar, deliberately taking an unwonted course. Anyone's heart would stop beating if he peceived his chair sliding unassisted across the floor. The lower animals appear to be sensitive to the mysteriously exceptional as well as ourselves. My friend, Professor W. IL Brooks, of the Johns Hopkins University, told me of his large and noble dog being frightened into a sort of epileptic fit by a bone being drawn across the floor by« thread which the dog did not see. Darwin and Romanes have given similar experiences. Tho idea of the supernatural involves that the usual should be set at nought. In the witch and hobgoblin supernatural, other elements still of fear are brought in-caverns, slime, and ooze vermin, corpses, and the like. The ordinary cock-sure evolutionist ought to have no difficulty in explaining these terrors, and the scenery that provokes them, as relapses into the consciousness usually overlaid in us by experiences of more recent date. -Popular (ictence Monthly I 