CORRESPONDENCE. A correspondent writes :—' Messrs. Scott and Everard have no right to throw up the office of Director of the National Bank so lone as they eniov the full confidence of the shareholders on the Adelaide register. It is their duty to continue to meet as usual, and simply because after twenty years' service their feelings have been wounded by some thing that Hm been said and done by the Mel bourne Board is no reason whatever for their resigning office. Far better for the sake of the Bank and its shareholders they should continue to act for us, and put this feeling down to a want of good breeding and gen tlemanly courtesy on behalf of the Melbourne Board.' 'G. Flecker' writes: — ' Would you kindly convey my sincere thanks to Mr. Lee (alias Lee & Majeroni) for being so lenient with me as to cash one cheque for £2 only ? The trades people of Adelaide will certainly find some means to acknowledge his generosity.' ' K. B. Banyer' writes thanking us for the notice of his letter, but points out that a mistake has been made with his name, and that the gist of his letter has not been satis factorily given. ' Your remarks,' he says, ' lead one to suppose that I am a ' spiritual ist.' I distinctly said ' I am not' I do not believe th&t; tha knockings at HydeaviUe weie caused by a 'disembodied spirit' any more than I believe the ' peculiar knockings' at Cradock are caused by the ghost of the shepherd. If it can be proved that the knockings at Mr. Hamdorf's house are caused by a ' spirit' that proof would be some basis for the claims made for the 'knockings' in 2847\. On this account I offered to assist by giving all information as to the mode adopted at Mr. Fos'b house in HydesviUe. Let me add— the paragraph in this morning's paper is an absurdity, not an exposure,' 'Reform,' in referring to a sermon preached in the Draper Memorial Church on the question of labour and the hours of labour, advocates that drapers' assistants, especially the female assistants, should be treated better by the masters. Their hours are long, he alleges, and they cannot get their hot dinner until 8 o'clock in the evening. He would like to see the clergy awake to a sense of the injustice imposed on them, and endeavour through their united efforts, Christian energies, and divine teachings to abolish the bitter feeling now existing be tween master and servant. 11 Catholicus' regrets that Miss E3ith O'Gorman and the Rev. S. Hebditch should have assumed the role of ' disturbers of the brethren,' and suggests the appointment of a Koyal Commission, consisting of representa tives of all denominations, to enquire*.into and determine which is the true religion, so that heretics may be punished according to their deserts. ' W. V. B.'— The ship Coromandel, 600 tons, arrived at Holdfast Bay on January 12, 1837, from England and the Cape. ' One Who is Willing to Succeed.' — An article on the manufacture of salt is pub lished in ' Chambers's Encyclopsaia,' which may be seen at the Public Library. There are doubtless other books at the Public Library which will givs even fuller information on the subject 'Reader.' — 1. Mr. P. Blackman was umpire in the match played between the Hotbams and Lefevre's Peninsula on May 23. 2\. Mr. Garlick acted in the same position in the match Adelaides v, Creswicks played on April 30. ''J. B.'— The quickest route to Port Darwin is by steamer to Sydney, thence to your destination by th6 same means. Apply to the shipping agents as to the fares. Palmerston is situated on the eastern side of Port Darwin on the peninsula dividing the main portion of the narbour from Frances Bay and terminating at Fort Point. The population of the District Council of Palmer ton 16 £72 according to the censns of 1881. 'George Barker.'— The distance between Botanic House and the Newmarket Inn on North- terrace is about 2,231 yards. ' Working Man.'— L If a person leases a working man's block and wishes to surrender or have it cancelled, he can do so and take up a different.one. 2. A lessee of a working man's block, who had surrendered his lease, would be eligible to take up land on credit. 3\. A married woman cannot hold either a working man s block or credit selection un less she is judicially separated from her husband. ' M.'— Dr. John Reid, Port Gennein. 'Justice.' — The cattle in question are not grazed free. The person whom you refer to took out a commonage right for the cattle which he has running on the hundred. ' Equity.' — A shoeing smith would have a lien on the animal, and could detain it until the work was paid for. ' Curramnlka.' — There is no regulation to prevent such men taking the position you refer to. You .should make representations to the Minister of the department, if the re sidents object to his principles, providing that those principles have a bad effect on the pupils under his charge. ' H. M. A.'— 1. Wayzgoose is the term applied to printers' annual dinners, and the festivals were held in England at the gather ing-in of the harvest when the geese were fat. It has been humorously suggested in ex planation that printers' partiality for ' fat matter' may have been the cause of the annual festival being fixed at a time when the geese are in their primest condition. It may be said that the cuBtom is _a very old one. 2. There is no law regulating the dis tance aparc of the two transverse lines in which 'and Company' or ?'-& Co.' are written en a crossed, cheque, draft, cr order. ' J. A. B. Harrington.' —It depends oa the degree of relationship. Apply to the Public Trustee. 'Fax.'7— L No; get a copy of the Brands Act and Brands Directory and you can see all the brands in the colony. 2. Pell M ell is the proper proEunciation of Pall Mall. ' C. J. B.' — The age for entering for the Civil Service examination is above 16 years and under 18 years. 'F. Juttner.'— 1. The price of a gon licence is 10s., and it is in force until ;the 1st of July after the date of the issue. H licence can be issued to persons under 14 years, and the licence ia not available on Sundays. 2. The close season for deer is from September 1 until March 31 in each year. 3. Seabirds are protected from July 1 to Decem ber 14 in every year. 4. There is a pro visional school at Rowland3-! Flat. ' A. B. C.'— We answered this question to Reader' very folly in Uonday-a SegisUr, 