RECEPTION OF A NOVICE AT THE PRESENTATION CONVENT. Tho cauee of education in this town has for the last 14 years received no small assistance from the religious body known as the nuns of the Presentation Convent. The school has increased yearly since its inception, and now numbers some 250 scholars, so that it has become one of tbe chief educational institutions of the town It is managed by a number of those ladiss who 'scorn delights and live laborious days,' not for the objoct of the studentB to whom the lines were first applied, but for the advancement of the youh of the town, and they hare thus gained a celebrit y and earned an amount of gratitude from a large section of the public, which is not always recognised beyond that circle who derive the benefit of their labors. But occasionally the fact of their presence in the community is brought be fore the public by such ceremonies as that of yesterday, when, at one of those impressive and symbolic ceremonies by which the Roman Catholic Church is characterised, a new member of this unobtrusive community amongBt us u received, and gives proof that the work of the nuns of the Presentation Convent requires -additional assistance from one who is ready to devote her future life to the cause of her church and the rising generation. was instituted in 1867, by three nuns from the Fermoy branch of the South Pre sentation Convent, Ireland, and since then the order has gone on steadily increasing in this colony. The origin of tbe order reads like a romance. Misb Nano Nagle, the foundress, was a native of County Cork, Ireland, and a lady of beauty and fortune. She was sent early in life to Paris to complete her education. That city, then, as now, the centre of the fashionable world, revelled in the splendor of the brilliant court of Loafs XV. Miss Nagle mingled in the amusements and pastimes, and was becoming a con firmed votary of the world's pleasures, when an apparently incidental cir cumstance changed the whole tenor of i ? i:c_ T-«i..._n|n« c_~M n 1 ? 11 _u_..i. a UCI Hid. .UOLUlUlUg 1IU1U tt UBL1 AUUUl % o'clock on a dreary winter's morning, she was struck by seeing a number of poor people gathered round the door of a cburch waiting for admission. Contrast ing the occupation of these people seeking God at the first appearance of dawn with her own had a wonderful effect upon her. She dismounted from her carriage, mingled with the humble group, and went into the church. That episode completely changed her life. Henceforth she re solved to devote herself to the service of God. She embraced the religious life, and proceeding to Cork established the South Presentation Convent, whose branches have now reached pretty well all over the world. The original object of the Presentation Institute was ' to devote its undivided enorts to promote tne wel fare of the poor,' but since then then sphere of usefulness has, with the sanction of the Holy See, been extended. The members of the order accommodate them selves to the necessities of the country in which they live, and, as is the case here, devote themselves chiefly to the education of all female children without distinction of class or creed. On its institution in Hobart the convent speedily prospered, and in 1873, on the 2nd of February, a branch of the samo order was founded in Liunceston, which has been no less successful than its parent convent, insomuch that the work entailed to those good ladies who form its unselfish community has called for additional assistance, which was forth coming iu the person of a lady closely connected with several prominent mem bers of the Roman Catholic Church of Tasmania, and who was formally received into the convent yesterday at the Church of the Apostles, with all the ceremony characteristic of the Church of the Eternal City. At 11 o'clock the Church of the Apostles was crowded to excess, additional seats having to be placed in the aisles to accom modate the overflowing congregation. The name of the young lady who took the vows preparatory to a religious life was Miuuie Agnes Beechinor, daughter of Mr Jere miah Beechinor, J.P., of Reenroe House, County Cork, and niece of the late Mr Thomas Ross, J.P., of Drimoleague, County Cork, and cousin of the Very Rev. Dean of Launceston. The ceremony commenced by a pro cession from the vestry down the aisle and up the nave to the chancel rails. It was headed by a lady in a costume of white satin, bearing a cross and sup posed to typify an archangel, followed by six children, also in white. Then followed six nuns of the convent and the novice last received ; after her came the postu lant in costume ay holistic of the mystic nature of the ceremony. She was dressed in a rich bridal costume of white satin, and wore a wreath of orange blossom. After her came another tiny ' angel,' the procession being closed by two nuns of the convent. As the procession moved along in its way to the altar the choir saug the hymn 'O GHorioas Virginnm.' In the meantime the 'Very Rev. Dr. Morphy, Bishrp of Hobart, accompanied by Father Murphy (celebrant), D.-an Beechinor, and Father Michael Beechinor had entered, and were standing before the altar. The Bishop, who spoke in a tender fatherly way, asked—' My child, what do you demand ?' To which the novica elect replied— 'The mercy of God, the holy habit of religion, the charity of the order, and the society of the mothers ana sisters.' The Bishop asked — ' Is it with your own free will and consent you demand the holy habit of religion I1' to which the novice elect made reply — ' Yes, my lord.' Turningtothereverendmother of the order the Biehop asked — 'Reverend mother, have you enquired into the other pointB necessary to be known for those who enter into religion, and are yon fully satisfied thereon t' to which the reverend mother made reply, ' Tes, my lord.' The Bishop then addressing the novice elect, said — ' My child, have you a firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of vonr life, and. do you think you have sufficient strength to bear constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ for the love and fear of God alone ?' The novice elect made reply — ' Relying on the mercy of God, and in the prayers of the mothers and sisters, I hope to be able to do so.'' The Bishop then Baid— ' What God has commenced in you, may He perfect ; may the Lord banish from you the old man with his works.' The novice elect fervently respond iug ' Amen.' She then retired, accom panied by the reverend mother and mother assistant to put off her rich bridal costume and don the religious habit of a noviciate of the order. The'Tantum Ergo,' by Rossi, was then suug as a duet, after which, the novice having returned in the habit of the order, mass was said, the choir rendering H*ydn's 'Corona- tion Mass,' with Weber's ' Benedictns.' After maes the ceremony was continued. - The novice was now in her holy habit. After prayers the mother assistant pre sented the reverend mother with the oinotura and the rest of the dress, who put it on the novice. After receiving the cinc'.ure the novice knelt, and the reve re.nd mother gave her the blessed veil, the bishop saying— ' Receive the white veil, the emblem of inward purity, that thou mayest follow the Lamb without ntairt «m-3 mQVi»t WaIIt With hldl ffl white, in the name of the Father, and of the Son. and of tjie Holy Ghost. Amen.' The reverend mother then put on the novice her cloak, when she bowed to the reverend mother, then made a genuflection to the Blessed Sacrament, and placed herst' oa her kne9s- The mother assistant gave her a wax C^_ 'e and the bishop sprinkled her with holy water and prayed. The bishop then saiJ, 'To him that overcometh,' says our Blessed Lord, '' I will give a new name.' ' The name which He gives you, my dear chid, shnuid animate you to ie»ist wih p&n-everanci;* and. to overcome t^ata-!, the worid, and yours.'l? JJenc*forih you, Mirs Minnie A^iki Beachinor, shai) be Ciii.-.d Sitter M-iry Paul. Be the bumble rauomiid and worthy child of the august Virgin1, whose name ynu hsve the honor to bear.' The novice saiti, 'The empire of the worio a- cl ill the j- audear of this earth I h ?:»-.. i-p -A for love of Our Lo'd Jesns (.', :!;:-, whom 1 have sefin, whom I have iovtd. in whom I have belive-i, and '.ow.irds wiiom my heart inclinoih ' The ch ir .hen t-iok up the strain, and fi U4 'he church with the old mu-sic, which bas atood the test of 500 years. Then followed the hymn, ' Come, H'.-!y G-host,' the novice pmstrating her self ' before the sltar. Then followed aome annronriatn nravers. and the novice having been embraced and welcom-d into the order by the nuns, the choir began the psalm, 'Behold how good and plesEant a thing it is for brethren to dwell ?together in unity.' during which the pro cession, headed by tise cross- bsarer, re formed and left the church by the vestry. In the evening Father Michael Beechinor preached, and explained the meaning of tho various symbolical cere monies of the morning's service. 