PORTFOLIO. For every one, there will certain:y Le. on the threshold of January, these two things-Betrospection and Anticipatin. Retrospection-the looking bsekward. Yes; this for even all. So much of life gone, with what result I Gain, or loss, upon the whole Or, to narrow the retrospect, a year, another year gore. A year is gone with its gladuesses-h-': did they affect usl It is gone, with its opportunities, narer to return again-. Ho hare we used them I Or did we jus:t kt them slip by, as water through the im passive hand of a marble water-nymph i The year is gone, also, with its trial-. How dita?wi e bear these! " Trials '' ibre we thought out the teaching of the word we lightly usel Tried, and found wanting:-calcined away as lead l Or ,refined silver, the ore removed-seven times tried.in the fire? Yea, it is well to call up the ghost of the dead joys, sorrows, oppiortunities, of the past year. It is not well, however, to linger too long in the- contemplation: regret should become a stimulant, not act as a narcotic. . So we turn from Retrospection to Anticipation. We look forward to a clean New Year. It will h;ve its joys, its sadnesses (both of there are included under the head of trials). It willhave its opportunities, its teaching. -Again, for example, will the Church press upon our attention the love.of spiritual things, the cycle of her teaching, which is for us, busied as we necessarily are with the things of time, the link between the Here, and the Hereafter? On the year's thres hold the Feast of the Circumcision sets before as the duty of self-denial, the necessity of mortifying, doing to death, the flesh, if we would follow Christ. Soon, the Epiphany Star would fain lead watchers to Christ, and their testimony should forthwith disturb the fatal security of the careless and the sinner. St. Paul's day comes later on, and the lesson of the month is emphasised by that sad glance he rives behind, and then the vehemence of hia eager speeding forwarild. The colemt seasons, the earnest teaching, of thfe year hat is padt, how "did these affect us ! These of the opening year, how chill we be impressed by these 1 For good, it must be,'or for eviL--Re. T. P. IJrnn, 3.A. 