DIST-RICT NEWS (mnO? oU? owx" corus]?roNrnT.) Wallsend. TilE concert held last night in the School of Arts in aid of Mrs. Backlhus and family was a great financial suc cess, the hall being literally packed, this showing the respect and esteem in which the late Daniel Backhus was held by the whole community; and every credit is due to the promoters' and ladies and gentlemen who took part in the entertainment, for coming forward to assist the widow and orphans on this occasion. In the absence of the chairman, ir. D. J. :Davies, the secretary, performed this duty, and in fact did all in his power to make the entertainment a success. The first part of the programme was opened by an overture on the piano by Miss :Frith, which was well rendered. Mr. D. J. Davicsthen sang "The fisherman and his child" in good voice, and was followed by a young lady (Miss Stoddart, of lur wood), who sang a comic song all about "This wicked world." The young lady was, .however, too young to fully understand the wickedness of this world from actual experience. Mr. Moore, from the Glebe, gave a song and dance in good form. Miss Swinburne, as is usualwith this young lady, rendered her song "Golden love " with great 'feeling and expres sion, and in excellent voice; : Our old favourite (Mlr. J. Dent) was again to the fore, and of course soon put the oudience in good humour by his ren dering "The Ghost of Benjamin Binn." Mr. Dent always appears to the life, and can. depend on an encore; in this instance, in response to a recall, he gave "She •Was" -with great success. Miss Frith followed with a pathetic song eititled " :Forsaken."' Mliss [ames and Mr. Davies soon put neiw life in the audience bythe spirited manner in which they rendered the duet "Very improper, indeed," which was heartily applauded, and narrowly escaped an encore.: M[iss Amos, from Waratah, gave "The blue Alsatian Mountains" in excellent voice, and was well received. This young lady is the hapjy possessor of a well-trained voice, with good descriptive powers. Messrs. Harding and Cooper brought the first part of the programme to a close by a double song and dance, and were encored. The second part opbned with an overture on the piano from "]Martha" by M'iss James and Miss Abel, and was rendered in excel lent time, and well received by the audience. Mr. William Arblas ter followed with "The Village Blacksmith" in his usual excellent manner. Theduet, "The Wind and the Harp," by the Misses Amos, was unluestionably the gem of the even ing, the voices blending in perfect concert and harnmiony. Mr. Dent again favoured with one of his excellent comic songs, and, of course, was encored. MFr. W. L. Thomas sang, in grand voice, "All that glitters is not gold." M?[iss Frith told the audience " I'll be no sub missive wife." Mr. Cooper gave eccentricities on the banjo, and was encored. Miss Stoddart endeavoured to prevent "J ohnny from going to sea"--I suppose for fear he might get mixed up with the wicked world. On the whole, the audience went away satisfied, and this, in these times, is sa3ing a great deal. 