? ®mvicK Park Races, postponed from last J. mil take place to-morrow (Friday). bootlls fcw ga c tes , and privileges for the fcat ^^^Plecbase Meeting takes place at Kirk's fc a ? kuowled g bl S tlie-courtesy of Mr. J. C. of tl K S ' j e Bendigo jockey Club, I must "UMess matters prevented my accepting the Watiou. Borne day. Someday. W. C. Yuille and Co. have received P«latdR r «? 1 t 'l 6ir owner to submit to auction at ffiiay ti, t? toe Pastoral Hotel, Newmarket, I^Emn™, Jul y. the following racing stock:— l^ter r ff f' Golden Fleece, Grace Darling, ^ It 'iR cf ? lo J gl ® t ' Marlborough, The Ghost and Woil- ed that Mr - J- G. Dufifett intends to -its,and Zf ln ordei " to devote his time to pastoral ^flsesavf, ccnBe quently the whole of the fore- 1'ty 'tiR .l 1 ® Positive sale. Hit is true 'tis pity, >»»credii5 l ; e - though J. G. D. is pretty •Wasoni i u Jt cannot be said without some »«oit oh,,' 11 ? knowing his racy way about—well, ^iUiifl,,, ^e art being not BO much % that- ?,? 6 ®:?. k eeping it unknown. And, there- '. 6 P&re; Boml, ictorian Turf could a great deal "orne presumably better men. lfipn 0 r a y 1 for the committee of the J DB ftedeo !?„7^oal:e shortly to take intoconof excluding from the Racing IL"toe Tun aees or steeplechases less than two i™H6stot'H, 1S 1 su PPosed to exist mainly for the l tin j . ree d of horses—and that no doubt fcT^iow L n . itB composition at one time, f» tte lfc m fe a y bave fallen away from If,some m?, eue * at ® days-let us by all means TL^anim i Bhow of striving to attain that IP 68 or i„ cannot last out at least two mileB K^istai-p, ? a cai1 confidently be predicted 8 toent'' v °cation, staying not being its THAT last is a pretty good word when RIORVIHV applied. But it takes a lot oftnding out The firsfffi I ever heard of xt being trotted out was at a meetine of Druids, when one brother was explaining his views of the fundamenta principles of the brotherhood "Look here said he, "if I was to meet a brother Druid who was hard up, and I had only a bob in mv iiooket dn ™ know what I would do ? Why, I'd give hfm half o/^t Ualt 01 l That's my delinquishment." t - THERE'S no necessity to make fish of one and flesh of another, and so as I gave my readers a handy slip of reference last week for the Melbourne Cup, I shall carry y on the same old game this week for the CAULFIELD CUP. (To be run on Siturday, 15th October i A handicap of 1500 sovs. 1000 sovs. of the said sum to go to the first horse together with a gold trophy, value 100 sovs presented by Mr James price ; 300 sovs. to the second, and 200 sovs. to the third. The winner of any handicap flat race of the value of 100 sovs. (the Toorak Handicap excepted) after the declaration of the weights to carry 51b extra • of two such flat races, or any flat race of the value of "00 so'vs 71b. extra; of any such race of the value of 500 sovs 141b extra. The handicap weight of the winner of the A J c' Derby to be not Jess than 7st. 71b,, if handicapped below'that weight. Penalties not cumulative, except where expressly stated. Second payment (5 sovs.) by Tuesd <v, 30th August and tinil payment (10 sovs.) by Tuesday, 11th October. One mile and a-lw,lf (to be run on the new course) (110 iubs ) The ages given are at the tim£ of running " Age st. lb. Aberdeen 3 Abuer 5 Abuse $ Bedouin 3 Ben Bolt 6 Bonnie Doon ...... 5 Bravo 4 Britisher a Burrilda 5 Cairo 5 Chicago 4 Claptrap a Crossfire 4 Dagou 5 David G Dividend , 4 Dufferin 4 Dunlop 5 Emerald 4 Empress 6 Enfield G Escutcheon 3 Fernandez 4 First Consul 4 Frj ingpan a Gadfly 4 Gasburner 5 Grace Darling a Harvester 5 Hexham 5 Honeydevr G Hortense 3 Impulse G Industry 5 Isonomy 5 Kenneth 4 King of the West .. 5 Kiora 4 Kitawa 5 Kitty Fisher 4 Kohai 5 Lara 4 Little John a Lizzie 4 Lord Allen 3 Lcrd « ochraue 5 Lord William 4 6 IS 8 10 8 7 7 8 7- 7 G 11 7 4 7 12 6 G 8 0 6 11 7 7 8 7 4 7 6 10 7 13 8 11 6 11 G 2 G 8 6 8 6 7 G 10 G 12 Age st. lb. 8 4 Meteor. 7 8 6 3 Mitrailleuse ... 7 12 Morok ... 5 7 2 7 9 fi n llyall King Newmaster 3 New York .. . 7 2 7 7 fi 9 Oxford 6 7 8 3 fi 11 7 4 Physician ... 3 fi 1" fi 0 7 n Pocahontas 7 0 fi 19 7 11 7 3 Rhetorician .. fi 3 Richworth .... fi 11 fi 7 fi A Rosewood .... 7 9 fi n Silver Mine.... S 8 fi 13 fi 13 Spade Guinea.., 8 11 St. Leonards ... fi 7 St. Patrick ... 6 fi 13 fi 8 Straight Shot.. ... 9 7 0 6 0 ... 5 6 3 Teddy Yuille... 7: The Bohemian ... G 8 S The Jewel ... c 8 fi The Levite ... a 7 8 7 4 The Queen ... 4 6 8 The Tinman .. ... 3 fi 1« C 8 Too Too fi S Lord Wilton a ... C 9 12 Louise 5 6 IV, Mana 3 7 11 Maori Chief 5 Wall Eye 6 12 Master Jack 4 West Bourke .. ... 3 6 0 Master John 4 Whitebait ... 4 fi 7 Henotti 4 ... 6 7 10 Mentor 3 7 10 SATURDAY week, 16th July, the Winter (Grand National) Meeting of the V.R.C. takes place at Flemington. The Railway Department have made special concessions thereanent, as I am informed tickets are to be issued at all stations on the previous day by the last through trains, and by the first up train on the day of the races, at holiday fares, available for return on the following Monday. SOME Auckland sportsmen are evidently beat on catching Time by the "fetlock," as a cablegram from there conveys the intelligence that Too Soon and Queenie were shipped thence to Sydney last Wednesday, where they arrived on Monday. It is stated that their owner, Mr. W. Lyons, intends taking up his residence in the sister colony. OF course, the tip necessarily costs you the orthodox "sprat;" but even after you have made that outlay I must beg of you not to disseminate the information broadcast. I give it to you j ust as pure as I got it, and from a " hard face," too. Chatting about Grand National Hurdle Race and Steeplechase prospects, my friend remarked—" Take a bit my way, old 'un—Aristides and Ruby." And I immediately mentally laid myself 500 to 15 about it. Albeit I must have a bit of Friction and Lizette as well. THERE'S the scent of the battle afar floating about already. I take it our New Zealand cousins will have a lot to say about the disposal of the Melbourne Cup on the 1st of next November, and not the least dangerous of the Maoriland contingent will be the Hon. W. Robinson's elect. " The money speaks," and when you find 10,000 to a monkey accepted about the four-year-old, Silver Prince (7st. 41b.), you have only to find out whether old Ready Money is in the wager to enable you to draw a valuable deduction therefrom. OF course it is likely to turn out good "crushing," but if any person is taking those 2000's to 90 about Trident for the Melbourne Oup with the intention of standing them, then all I can do is to direct his attention to a maxim of the ancient LatinB, which informs us that— " Those whom the gods wish to destroy they first make mad." AFTER our experiences of the beautiful spring weather which invariably accompanies our Melbourne Cup determination it will make the marrow of colonials quake to peruse the following description of Epsom Derby Day culled from the pages of the Manchester Sporting Chronicle :—'" This a Derby. Day ?—the one day in the year on which the Legislature of the mightiest Empire the world has known suspends its sittings to do it fitting honour—faugh 1 It was more like a day at the end of March or early April. The ' white blossomed sloe' will abound in Epsom hedgerows when we have a little less weather and a little more climate—for climate we have had none this year. What a farce to call this' Merry England!' How can mankind be merry in such weather? Fancy a sportsman taking down his Derby hat, with its green veil, and putting on his Sunday clothes to do honour to the Derby in an atmosphere that was not free from a wintry blast during exercise hours, and which never smiled, except by a fitful gleam of sunshine now and then, up to noon. The trees were certainly ' dressed,' some of them that is, but not all, for the beeches were only budding in places. There was not an atom of hawthorn bloom to be seen. The * resplendent laburnums' we delight to write about at Derby time were conspicuous by their absence,' and yet in a week we shall be in the 'leafy month.' Certainly, anything was preferable to the enow on Hermit's and Bloomsbury's days, but this particular 'Darby Day'—Merry Hampton's Derby Day for all time—was a gigantic 'fraud.' It palled on the imagination. The most versatile of writers were at then: wits'end to throw life into their theme, which, of course, was the day's doings. Instead of iced drinks, we needed brandy cocktails and all sorts of comforting liquids to keep us within decent reach of ourselves." LATEST English papers supply us with the account of the Derby, run for on tbe 25th May. They inform us that although the victory of the winner caused a lot of public backers to suffer, and put the prophets to dire confusion it wajs nevertheless satisfactor jr to see such a princely supporter of the Turf as Mr. Abington win his first Derby. It was also Watts' first Derby, and the cheque for £5000 he received when Mr. Abington engaged him for three years as first master after the Puke of amilton is bound to have beW materially increased, as r. Abington is credited with winning a large stake, hilst all the chief supporters of the stable threw in for ood round sums. Merry Hampton was toed by Mr. . Simons Harrison, and was purchased at the Doncaster ales by Mr. Abington for 3100 guineas. His first and nly appearance was in the Epsom Derby, which he won n a canter by four lengths from The Baron, who started 0 to 4 on favourite, the winner's price being 100 to 9. he race was run in 2min. 43sec.—the same record time s Kettledrum and Blair Athol; the value of the stake eingi'4525. Isubjointhe WINNERS OF THE DERBY SINCE 1639. ear. Owner. Winner. Jockey. 840 Mr. Robertson Little Wonder Macdonald (17) 841 Mr. RiwliiiEon Coronation Conolly (29) 842 Colonel Anson A ttilla Scott (24) 843+JMr. BoweB Co herstone Scott (23) 844 Oolonel Peel a Orlando Fl»tman(29) 845 Mr. Gratwicke Merry Monarch .... F. Bell (31) 848 Mr. Gully Pyrrhus I S. Day (27) 847 Mr. Pedley Cossack Templemau (32) 848JLord Clifden Surplice Templem«n (17) 849JLord Eglinton Flying Dutchman. Marlow (26) 850JLord Zetland Voltigeur J. Marson (24) 851 Sir J. Hawley Teddington J. Marson (23) 852 Mr. Bowes Daniel O'Rourke... F. Butler (27) S53 s AIr. Bowes West Australian ... F. Butler (28) 854 Mr. Gully Andover A. Day (27) 855 Mr. Popham Wild Dayrell R. Sherwood (IS) 856 Admiral Harcourt.. Ellington Aldcroft(24) l857filr. W. I'Anson Blink Bonny Charlton (30) 1858 Sir J. Hawley Beadsman Wells (23) 1859 Sir J. Hiwley Husjia Wells (30) 1860 Mr. Merry Thormauby Cuetance (30) 1861 Col. Towuley Kettledrum Bullock (18) 1862 Mr. Snewine Caractacus J. Parsons (34) l863*>Mr. R. C. Kay]or.. Maccaroni T. Chaloner (31) l8G4JMr, W. I'Anson Blaii Athol J. Snowden (SO) l865J e Ct. F. Lagrange.. Gladiateur H. Grimshav(29) l866*JMr. R. Sutton Lord Lyon Custance (26) 1867 Mr.Chaplin Hermit J.Daley (30) 1808 Sir J. Hawley Blue Gown Wells (18) l869*Mr. J. Johnson Pretender J. Osborne (22) 1&70 Lord Falmouth Kingcraft T. Frcnch (15) 1871 Bn. Rothschild Favonius T.French (17) 1872 Mr. Savile Cremorne Maidment (23) 1873 Mr. Merry Doncaster F. Webb (12) 1874 Mr. Cartwriglit Geo. Frederick.... Custance (20) 1875 Pr. Batthyany GalopiD Morris(18) 1876 Mr. A. Baltazzi.... Kisbcr Maidment (15) 1877JLord Falmouth Silvio F. Archer (17) 1878 Mr. Cravfurd Sefton Constable (22) 1879 Mr. Acton Sir Bevys Fordliam (23) 1880 Dk. of WeBtmin-ter Bend Or F. Archer (19) 1881 Mr.P. Lorrilard Iroquois F.Archer (15) 1882 st Dk. of Westminster Shotovcr T. Cannon (14) 1883 Sir F.Johnston St. Blaise C. Wood (11) 1QS. ( Mr. Hammond ..6 St. Getien 1 C. Wood ... t Sir J. Willoughby Harvtster j S. Loates ll0J 1885 Lord Hasting? Melton F.Archer (12) 1886*JDk.Westminster.. Ormonde F.Archer(9) 1887 Mr. Abington Merry Hamptonj.. Watts (11) Those marked * also won the Two Thousand, f tlie Oaks, and I the St. Leger. a. A horse, falsely described as Running Rein, by The Saddler—Mab, by Duncan Grey, came in first, but was subsequently proved to be a four year colt called Maccabeus (afterwards Zaroni), by Gladiator, dam by Capsicum, and was disqualified. 6. A dead heat and stakes divided. The figures in parentheses indicate the number of starters. IF you ever get a slant take my tip for it and go over the Carlton Brewery. It's worth seeing. On Saturday evening, in the goodly company of Sir Edward de Brooks and Georgey-Porgey I interviewed the lions there. And don't tbe lads trot you round? And don't they seem to take a pride in the establishment? In the language of Jack Gong, in the " Green Bushes ''—" I believe you, my boy." They have a wonderful horBe in their stables that " gives you his paw," and knows as well when the electric bell rings as the fire-brigade men do. To see him prick his ears aud come to "attention!" at the first tinkle must be witnessed to be believed. I thought the cojlection of photographs presented by " Old Blues " to the retiring President of the Carlton Football Club (Robert Robertson) was something huge in its way; but it is small potatoes and few on a hill alongside the group hanging in the Carlton Brewery Fire Brigade sanctum. After gazing abstractedly at their articles of virtu (without an e, Mr. Compositor, if you please), in the way of a glass- case chock-a-block with trophies—tokens of hard-won victory—(the aforesaid abstraction being caused by a mental calculation as to how much an uncle that I wot of would advance on the lot)—the " three brothers " did a bit of sampling, and pronounced the brew quite equal in excellence of effect to Warner's Safe Cure—a decided advantage being that you can take it in larger quantities. After enjoying a jolly good laugh at a ca6e of "mistaken identity " with regard to one of the triumvirate, we took our departure wiser (and fuller) men. THAT was a pretty rough case heard in the City Police Court last week, in which F. Wood, the wheelman, figured—wasn't it ? Mr. J. L. Purves gave the individual, who was so patently out of his place on the floor of the court instead of in the prisoner's dock (that's judging by the action of the Bench in transferring him thereto), some particularly plain English with regard to his eccadilloes. In fact, the Queen's Counsel—who, by-the- is no smouch on the bicycle himself—expressed him- Eye, self in such a manner as to lead to the inference that he is of opinion it is perfectly possible to be a Champion Defendant as well as a Champion Bicyclist. And, 'pon my word, I wouldn't be at all surprised were I to discover that some—I might possibly say all—of my readers held precisely similar views. "GOOD wine needs no bush" in the case of the Dark-Blue skipper, Tom Leydin. There was a good old wordy welfare one evening during the week at the Carlton head-quarters, the Imperial—an hostel where the fair Julia presides; an old identity stoutly maintaining that Harry Guy was facile princeps amongst football players. The company, however, whilst recognising the authority of the old 'un, were very firm in the faith that in the words of the purveyor of the eucculent saveloy .in uraisine up his viands were borne out to the letter—viz., tlmt he is quite as good as they make 'em, and a great deal better than some," ON Saturday, the 9th July, entries close for the Victorian Club billiard tournament. Mr. Byrne will declare the handicaps on the 14th, and play will commence on the 19tb. The first prize (a silver trophy weighing 112oz.) is valued at £100, there being other valuable prizes. THE Melbourne G un Club intend to make a boom amongst the knights of the trigger with their Melbourne Cup Handicap, which is announced to take place on Wednesday, the 2nd November—the day after the Melbourne Cup. The first prize will be500 sovs., with others in proportion. Nomination, 5 sovs.; acceptance, 5 sovs. A CONFERENCE took place at Messrs. Boyle and Scott's between representatives of the Victorian Cricketers' Association and Messrs. Boyle and Scott's, Arinfield and Laing's and tbe Sports' Depot's Junior Cricket Cup committees on Friday evening. Mr. H. S. Barlow was in the chair. It was decided (says the Argus) that the representatives should consult the bodieB which they represent as to the advisability of forming a junior cricketers' association, and submit their views at another meeting on 15th July, at Messrs. Young and Jackson's Prince's-bridge Hotel. THE football matches on Saturday, save one, call for no special comment. Carlton scored 4 goals 9 behinds to Port Melbourne 2 goals C behinds. South Melbourne defeated Prahran by 7 goals 14 behinds to 1 goal 2 behinds. University were again i' the vein against Footscray, scoring 2 goals 5 behinds to 1 goal 3 behinds. St. Kilda hiped South Williamstown |by 3 goals 4 behinds to 1 goal 2 behindB. TELL it not in the Corio pavilion ! Publish it not at Boyle and Scott's I The Ballarat Imperial slapped it about Geelongby 3 goals 4 behinds to 2 behinds. Certainly it was on the Eastern Oval, Ballarat; but what of that? And what if M'Lean, the three M'Shanes, Kerley, Jarrett, Julien and Pyke were represented by emergencies. Ycevictis. Why were they away? In the case of the M'Shanes there was good and sufficient reason, but what about tbe others ? Can it be true what Miles' Boy has whispered in my ear? Surely not. Why, I always thought our forefathers left that thirteen thousand miles behind them. But if it is true, then such a state of things would be a disgrace even to the "Black North." What if a section of the community—or rather then- pastors—deem it inadvisable for their colonial youth to sit side by side with " heretics " in the same State School. Is that any valid reason why we should be equally as intolerant by decreeing that they shall not meet us on an equality on the football field? ON Monday morning John M'Shane (" Jacko"), one of the most prominent members of the Geelong first twenty,died in the local hospital after a very severe illness caused by rheumatic fever. He was extremely popular with everyone who knew him, and the esteem in which be was held in Geelong was manifested by the flags flying at half-mast at the various places of business when his death became known. Such being the case, in the words of Adam Lindsay Gordon— " No tears'are needed; our cheeks are dry— We have nought to waste on living woe. Shall we for a Brave Lad continue to sigh, For having gone, my friends, where we all must go.' THERE was a great match between the Wallsend, a mining district team, and the Sydney club at Mooro Park last Saturday, under Australian rules, the contest being witnessed by 3000 spectators, including Lord Carrington. Owing to the central umpire's decisions not pleasing the representatives of the coaly district the game came to an abrupt termination five minutes before time, when the tally stood — Sydney, 2 goals 7 behinds; Wallsend, 8 behinds. THE students at Sydney University are endeavouring to start a club under Australian rules,so aB to be able to play inter-University contests with Victoria. I remember the time—(peace to thy manes, Ted liaper)— when the Sydney men would have been a hard nut for the best of our clubs to tackle, and perhaps things have not altered much since that time. Given a knowledge of the game, and I am satisfied our 'Varsity boys will have to look to their laurels whenever they meet the Cornstalks. And considering they have such an acknowledged artist as Billy Goer located in Sydney to act as coach they should not be very long in acquiring the rudiments. AT the conclusion of the match with Port Melbourne the following Carltonians left by tbe steamer South Australian for Adelaide, to play a series of matches there:—Messrs. Baker, Berry, Batters, Brown, Beveridge, Crapp, Coulson, Green, Gellatley, Hutchison, Jones, Keane. Leydin, J, Lording, Maloney, M'Kechnie, M'Cracken, M'Inerney (2), Newton, Smith, Strickland, Tubbs aud Wood. Manager, Mr. T. S. Marshall. And didn't Geordie Cook look as if he would have liked to have gone had business engagements permitted? THE fifth Intercolonial Match (under British Association rules) will take place between New South Wales and Victoria, on the East Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday next, the 16th July. The result of tbe previous matches have been—New South Wales, 2 victories; Victoria, 1; and one game drawn. The following will represent Victoria:—A. Scott (Prahran), goal; Amsonand W. K. Spence (Carlton), backs; Law (Melbourne Rovers), Pickeu and Capper (Prahran), halfbacks ; Miller (South Melbourne), Gorrie, M'lnnes, Dovey (Melbourne Rovers) and T. Spence (Carlton), forwards. LAST week the annual match between the Scotch and Wesley Colleges was played on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. The game will most decidedly take rank amongst the curiosities of football, inasmuch as tbe victors (the Scotch Collegians)—who, owing to the match being arranged close on to the holidays, were weakened by the absence of Aitken, Kelly, Lewis and their captain, R. Ramsay—kicked seventeen goals and twenty-nine behinds to nary a goal and nary a behind. It seems almost a pity the lads mentioned were away, for had their services been available the victory might have been slightly more pronounced. After pondering over that result, I have—with deep sagacity—arrived at the conclusion that the Wesley boys want just a leetle more strengthening ere they can hope to cope successfully with the present scholars of the college where yours truly pursued his studies under the able mentorship of Messrs. Alexander, Robert and George Morrison—temp. 1858-60. THEY are trying to stuff us that Mr. Phil Robinson has come out here to lecture. Notliing of the sort. He has come out here to see how we play football. And, as he is bound to be a little perplexed in bis mind, he had better call round at Boyle and Scott's and ask the Almanac which is the best match to go to on Saturday between — Melbourne v. South Melbourne, on the Melbourne Cricket Ground; Essendon v. Port Melbourne, on the East Melbourne Ground; Fitzroy v. South Williamstown, at Fitzroy ; Williamstown v. Hotham, at Williamstown; Prahran v. University, at South Melbourne; and Richmond v. St. Kilda, at Richmond. THERE can be no two opinions about the "Vagabond" being a magnificent Word Spinner. But now that he has (for the second time) been trotting out that old yarn anent clipping an ace of spades at 20 paces with a revolver bullet, and including it amongst one of his marvellous performances, he wants pulling up with a round turn. I do not know very much about firearms. I never fired out of a revolver more than half-a-dozen times in my life, and they were consecutive ones. But I have an idea. At their annual matches the Victorian Rifle Associfltion have an item on the programme —a £5 trophy for Pressmen; 10 Shots at 400 yards. The thing has never been a success, because it has never been won with even a respectable score. This being so, I would suggest that the contest be altered to the same number of shots with the regulation revolver, distance (20 yards), and target. I am confident that n . x v *T; : l.'ii J am Ana rtf anaAtia a decent-sized haystack. And although, as l have oeiore stated, I am mainly ignorant of drawing a bead with a revolver, were the "moral certainty" to enter for the engagement (he will be back from the South Seas in plenty - • of - time) - I » will — guarantee — on behalf of the Colonial article—to give the " Vagabond' a little bit more than he wants at the game. If I did not I would never again write over the signature OLYMPUS. MR. T. LEYnm, Captain of the Carlton First Photo a on wood lyTuttle andOo. Twenty, 