Litifl AND ULNLliKE Br M. E. Beanon, Anto' o' Lady Audley's Secret,' Etc. Ceartar XXXIX -(CocrnstoC bere was a silene. Mr. Melooste did t erotteer any Information as to his birth tage. He was a O urious little man this wise, aod, except for his African opn'eter, seemed to be a man without a hý7 Z fir Adrian wordered how his i5sdship with Colonel Dlevrill could have c se about. The two men seemed to have Slittle in common. From a gncd natored ipulsen rather than for any pirticu'ar tasoo. he alked Mr. Melnolte to dinner, an iritation which was promptly accepted. 'Itis always a pleasure to vsit such a t-e as yours, Sir Adri?e,' he .id.; ' a ose aith a history. No dou'bt the Abbe as its history.' 'Ys. Ithas a good many histories, cr ktailions.' 'Any ghosts. Any story of a dark crime is the remote past?' 'I have heard of neither ghost nor crime ' 'Well, it Is a noble old house, even without those embellitbmente.'esad helnotte, esta~lly, ' and the park and gardecs are pcrfect. This Is a tributary of the Chad, I s?pFse, this river in your grounds.' 'Te,, it unites with the Chad lower doaewn.' 'A swift, deepish river, eh!' 'Swift and deep.' 'It makes artery pretty feature in your ro?uds. Nothing like water for giving eso'y and variety to a landecape. To n-rrow eening, at eight, I think yen raid, ir Adriand! Good night.' Mr. Melnotte crossed a ruslie bridge and disapeared in the twili`.t on the turther baok, while Adrian strolled slowly along the press walk. ie was met by Lucy Freemantle, who unconsoiously suggested a reminiteecer of Shakespeare's Beatrice. 'I hare been tent to ask you to come to tea,' ~e said, blnshing a little, her com p?exion of lilies and rotes looking brighter than ever in the grey winter atmosphere. ' You wars rey good to take to muoch trouble aboot me,' answered Adrian, as they shook hands. 'Oh, it was no trouble. I am always glad d a run. Mother and I ome to call upon lady Belfleld, and Lady Belfield was getting fidgetry about you, so mother told me to rau and look for yeou, and I guessed I should ind you this way.' ' How clevter of you.,' They were on very friendly terms, Lucy bavingknown the Abbeyand IheAbbeypeople all her life. A few years ago when she had keen in the nursery she bad looked up to Sir Adrian as a very grand personage, steanding as it were apart from all other young men oF:n the strength of a sEperior position and superior attainments, but of late she had felt herself more upon a level with him, and more at her ease in his society. He called her Luy, as a matter of course, having known her in pinafores, but the called him Sir Adrian. 'Is my brother at home?' he asked, as they walked towards the Abbey. 'No, there is no one but Lady Belfield and mother. They are talking parish talk about the poor old people and their ailments \--such dreadful complications. How bard It teems that the pocer should scffer in all ways. People who know nothing about them think they are healthy and hardy because of their scanty fare and open-air life; but when one comes to know them, one finds that theory a hollow mockery. The open air may be very good for us, but the poor get too much of it.' She spoke warmly, having just come from a cene of suffering in one of the cottages. She was a frank, warm hearted, energetic girl, talland strong, in thefull bloom o0 youth and beauty, a girl for whom life meant action and duty, not dress and pleasure. Yet at a con?ty ball ahe danced as gaily as the most aatberheeded of her eisters, and never com. plained, as they did, of an evening being slow. Lady Belfield and Mrs Freemantle were aitting by the fire in the inner drawingrcom, the cosy tea table and hissing kettle between them. They had been joined by Mr. Hock alone, who sat in ncae of the most luxurious of the large arm chaitr, with his legs stretched out in front of the hearth, basking in the glow of a friendly fireside, after a long day among his poorest parishioners. They were talking of Valentine. 'He ought to make an effort, my dear I Lady Belfeld,' ssid the Vicar. ' The blow that has fallen upon him is a heavy one, hut It is almost unmanly to succumb as be has I dne. His whole betag is undergoing deterioration. He has br-.oed upon the one groat wrong natil hit coul has become steeped in gall. fe is a misanthrope at an age when men generally love their fellow oreatures. Somethicg mst: be done to save him from himself.' 'Yes, something muet be done,' echoed Mrs. Freemantle. ' It is terrible to see a ne young man like Valentine lapein io:o physical and moral decay. My buoband ? tells me that he shous all his old friende -doe not even show at the meet, and rides in \- way that ahows be cares no more for other people'slives than he drec for his own. He eight to go to Australia.' ' That is the remedy, Mrs. Freemantle,' said the Vicar, 'a new eo~ntry-in.ustalia, or the Bed River district-a new ana not too lvillsed country-utterly new surroundings. That kind of thing is your only Aethe ; the .nly remedy for a mind diesased. I know it would grieve you to part with him, my dear Lady Bifield, but you would have him back in two or three years, a cow man. Whereas, if you let him esay here, decay is neovitshle. You remember what Dickens tays about the dry rot in a man. Im afraid poor YValetine'a is a cae of dry rot.' 'I would do anythlan 'or his welfare enrifioe anythmg,'teplied L.dy Belfield. 'Then you .and Adrian must pt your , heada togethear and peseeue him to travel; Californis, Texas, Red 1 ...,or even Africa, if he fascist shooling ahtelopes, or dealing in boflaloes. Yoo can take advantage of this Mr. Malnotte, who is a mibhty traveller. The grnd thing Is to rouoe Valentine from his present apathy, and set him going oinsome way.' :I am entirely of your opinion, Vicar,' said Adrian, ' My brother wants new surround ogs. Ayoenngmas withrc: simsorinterests, I moping away hit life in a country p:ace, is a sorryspeta?ee. I will t?al him in bhand to- I o??, my dear Adrian,' encxlalmed Mrs. 1 eemnantle. 'I have boron yo3 aed your brother too long to be be tloJ see either of I .oo going wrong rwithout speakingmy mind.' They set rond the fire Ir some time after this, talking of many thin.e, enjoying the blaze of the great pine lote. oand the aroma of Lady Beideld's excekilat tea-bhot twoI among them were heavy at heart, chbeerful Uas the general tone of tha roaversation might be. For Adrian thers had been no soch b thing as happiness, or even peace of mind, once thateatal night. His life had brcn one tang pretence, it was a hnting day, and on sach days Valentine always stayed out among the latest, rarely appearing nntil afsler dinner. He would comeanto thehonse on the etroke of eight, perhaps, and would be chaoging his clothes, while the others were dining. He wonld dine alone between nine and ten. at a littletsb;e in front of the billisrdroomfire. HI had never been a golumand, bho: be ate no I with the air of a man who hardly knoba hat ha is eating-taking anything the s.c-amtsset before him, and drinking more than was good for him. ' He ain't ot no appreciation of a nice little dinner, sind An.rew, despodently. It don't pay to take pains ab.sot it. Mhrs. Mtarrahle, u I tells cook. O:ve him a bottle of burgundy, and the liquor stad af:er dinner, and he saks no0estlions.' There was no more of those cherry tee tirinklnge with the mother after the day's sport; no more reoltals of the day' adventures. The younog man went out alone in the morning, moody and silent; he oeme home in the same tamper. I:s mother had watehed him in quiet grief, hoping that as )ee months wrent by the bhoised spirit wenld -oeo-er: bet tirme remd sr'e to deen taol anidieg gloom, an. of i. eoe ncan grown hopeleL is nit wal that she wr i ready to reo any plaoabl anbgeatlon. Ho wai late on this particular eveniag, and it was not Until heal-piat nine that he waen ready for hi dinner. SI'l go and talk to him after he ban dined, sa Aod an, waho ad bean lingering ore de'eert wtth bit mother, trying to cheer her with the promise of brighter days. 'Do, dear. For pit)'e sake Condenia him for good. I am helpless. Hs mind is a sealed book to me. He hba never tan fided in me from the time of his boyhood. Hte has taken bigo wn way alwayr, for good or for evil.' Valentine wag sitting in a Glatonbury chair in front of the wide tireplaoe, she oburgundy do nteor ba'cre him, almost empty. The lamp, over the billiardtable were unlighted, and the spaciousee room was half in shadow. The firelight flickered on gone and swords in the recess at the fartber end, and there was a circle of soft light round the spat where Valentine sat Iiom the shaded colza lamp on the small Suther. land table. A good ran, Val ' asked Adrian, seating hlmself oppoeite his brother. Pretty good.' 'Yto most have killed uncommonly late.' o We atlled at synset, on Plimpeted Ridge.' iBus that mean five o'clock, and a three. qlatSere of an hour's ride home. Where have youu been nince ?' ' I don't know.' ' Valntine.' 'Den't stare at me, man I I tell you I don't know. I have been riding aboot somewhere--loaing myasel on the moor, if you like. Great God, if I oould only lose myself altogether-ride away Into some enchanted valley, and go to sleep there for ever.' Is was almost the first time he had spaken openly of his despair. From the hour of the crime until now there had been no con. fideece between the brothers. Ihey had lined together, and talked of the daily boat.i rnea ot life, bot there had been an imn. passable pelf betwixt the past and the present. By muotal consent they had been domb. But to night Valentine was utterly worn aut in mind and body, tagged, helpless, serayes. That powerful frame and strcng telf.releat temper had been broken by the elow agonies of remoree. Brotal as the man's nature might be, ronstienee was not dead on him. It had awakened in the hour when be fond himself alone alter his crime- face to face with the memory ala murder. It bad never slept since. Valentine,' began Adrian, earnestly, ' you are leading a miserable life. Things annrot go on like this.' a You mesa that I had better do as your crimlnal of the lower alangee sometimes doeas ecder such eireomstanes--give myself up walk into Freemantle's study to-morrow morning and tell him that I killed my wife. Is that what you menu o? v eo. It is too late for that nourse. What I mean is that yon must leave the scene of oour - missdventure. You have lingered here too long. Yoou mut go away-to another continent - Africa, Australia, wherever you aen find the resources which will give you most relief of mind. The past is pset, VaLt There is no help for that. Let it be past. Yon have suffered for your sin of a moment in all the lnog months that hare gone by esine that fatal night. You will suffer more or lest to the end.' 'More or less, no doubt. I have the privilege of an excellent memory,' answered Valentine, with quivering lips, staring gloomily at the fire, the incarnation of despair. '? er el-tcrtaare can do no good to you or to anyone else. Far away, in the wild free life which sunita your temperament, you will at leat suffe r les. Anything would be better than the stagnation of your ex. stance here. ' Yon are right. Anything woeld be better -hun I thick the beet would be death.' 'Don's say that, Vat. Men have outlived woree sorrows than yours.' Men are made of very hard wood, and I I flattered myself-till last summer-that I I was teak or ironweod; but the dry rot of remoree has got into me, all the same. I am worm-eaten to the very core. Yet. I think youn are right, Adrian. I must get away from this place, if I don't want to become a howling lunatic. I have stayed ere in a kind of gloomy deepair, thinking 1 tha I could hardly be more miserable here than anywhere else-but you are right. I I have stayed too long I will etay no longer, Here I am a can e of mirery to others as well an to myself. In the desert-or the tseh-I shall be my own man again. There will be no need for hypcrlisy. I could lie on the ground face downwards and groan aeood without anybedy calling me to a . o Your mind will clear and lighten face to toe with anophiAticsated nature, VaI,' sai Adrian, who throghiout this converataion had spoken with ioeffable tenderne. ' You ill begin a new life. Even the memory of i your srrow will be softened in that far.offi lmoasphere. Yon will lok ak o nt open yoar old self gently, as we remember the dead. hoo will have opportounities of helpig others -of doing brave and generot deed. a Ion will be born again, a better and a wiser man. My brother-my beloved brother, the second balt ot myselt, I have iofnite flath in yen yet.' He laid his hand aresteI igly upon his brother's shoulder. He felt is if a great burden was lifted off his heart by this conversalion of to-night For the erst lime since the catastrophe that had ereeked both their lives, the brothers hade e spoebs together freely. It waa like a re. newa of brotherly love. My dear Adrian, yen are a great dea oo nood to me.' esaid Valentine, and this [eom him was much. T' y u most go away, Val ; bat you must do onthing hurriedly. Mrs. Freemantle was talkr eg abot yoou to my mother ibs thireroten saying that yen looked Ill and mopish, and ereded change. Mly mother admitted the t,. and it we agreed that yo should be senaded So to ravel. Toer departre waill bereotse seem perlectly naoral to all this ittle world ofOhadford.' There will be no ppearance aof flight. Allyen have to think f, therefore, i the plarce to which you I would liba to to-all Joe have to do is to lollw the bent of yon, osn inallnation.' 'rt wll go th triCL There is better spor: hers than in Anatralia--and a freer life. 'It yno decide open Abtela, Melnotte may SOte toil yoUt .' 'aIdon't late Meleotle, and Idea's believe : hi Aflrican eL?periecnes. I stroangly u e that the man leat an imposter. He is toe glib.' 'But hi atorles of adentres have a vivid ir, as ir hahad livet among the scenes and people he deserlbee.' 'The fellow is a good actor, that C, all. lome rowdy adenturer whom the Caionel oarpieked np tn a gambling den. Meleott ,sy bass been to the Cape, perhaps. Hi, eaperiencee in the interior I rank as sheer elten.' Tail idea agreed ecriouely with Adrian's own vague sospioions as to Mr. Melootte's ,rnthlolners. Those African stories at bit wereralher ten good and too piatreuesq to nave happened tcnos uraveller. Theaverege man's experiencee are dell enough. Toey ring the chbsgea opcn famine, fever and port. Bat Melnette seemed to have passed ram hairhreadth ecape to romnatfetieuiatiot. rem dramatio eneounter to pictrnreque re-as, with an electrical rillianey. Hn had slain bh lion, ny the horde, and shot hi, gemboeks in hecatombs. There was es aggerasio, no doubt ; but whether the man were an aclual impeeter remained to be proved. '[ doe't want anybody's advEte?' said raleoiine denielvely. 'it I ean ones bnce my.elt op to leave this place, I shall go to London, get the klrd ef oetfls I thhIk aeeeaaare, and then sail foe the Cape. Oate Ohere I ran pick op the information I want about hbs inlerior, and I shall plan my roots from there.' 'Wen will yos start ' 'I bll] go to Llodon by In early train to-moeeow--sed' o tha Cape by the rest goof steamer thit acn ery mustbere' 'eo.merorrw.' Ttl's setn ' Why abenlel I da.! ·I hase been slay. In oure tan to a mo.o a eyoe.ro-nae a I man in a anghtmare dream who faces some ereat horror and cannot move hand or foot. The sooner I go. the better.' 'Let me go t4Landon with you, Vl. I should like to see you off.' 'No, no. I am not fit company for my fellow men yet awhile. Porhape alter ten yearsin Africa I may be better. Let me iuffer my purgation, Adrian. Let m wrestle with the memory of sin, as Jacob wrestled with the angel-and thsn perhape-someday -' with a stfled lob, 'I shalt e be tter worthy of your onselfh love-and of my mother' ' God help you to pardon and forgetfuleess, Val But let me go to London with you.' * No. I want to be alone there. I have something to do. I will wire to you before I sall, and then, if there were time, and you would like to come and shake bands at parting- ' , 'Be sore I will come, if you give me the ohance. It will oomfort the mother to hear of you at the last moment of leaving. She would like to be there herself, dear soul, it yoe would let her.' ' Dear soul, poor soul,' murmured Valen tine, with a remorseful tenderness which was strange to his rough nature. ' She has given me boney, end I have given her gall. I have been a fountain of bitterness to you both But it Is past. You are atreng in love and in mercy. Good night, and good-bye, till I sail. I shall be off early tomorrow morn. ing' 'But you will bid your mother good bye.' 'Must I? That will be hard. I should like to slip away without any leave-takibg. I would write to her from London.' 'Shbe would be heartbroken if you left her like that.' ' Perhaps you are right. It is the weak. nees of her charaoter to be fond of me. I'll see her in the morning before I start. She will be happier when I am gone-safe and happy-with you. You ought to marry, Adrian. You owe as much to my mother as well as to yourself. There is Lucy Free mantle, who has been in love with you for the last five years.' " Valentine.' 'It's a true bill. I've seen the growing passion from the time she left off short frocks uod long hair. You have been her idealfrom the day she left the nursery--prbape before. I daresay she was often thinking of you over Pionock or Liogard. Marry her, Adrian. She has not one of the attributes of the typical girl, and will make you a true and honeet wife.' 'I will wait till my time comes, Val,' answered Adrian, with a sad emile. 'It has not come yet.' Lady BelGeld was always an early riser. She was in her garden next morning, looking at the first clusters of snowdrops, white egainet the whitoene of the host frost, when Valentine joined her, clad for a journey, in fur lined overcoat and deer-stalker cap. ' Mother,' he began abruptly, ' Adrian and I had a long brotherly talk last night, and he advised me to try change of scene as a care for bitter memories. I am going abroad for a spell.' 'Yes, dear. Yes, it will be a good thing, I am sure,' answered his mother, paling suddenly at the mere thought of a possible parting, ' but you will not be going just yet. You will take time to think about it.' 'I am going at once. You know I was never given to irresolution. I have done meat things, for good or evil, on the spur of the moment. I am off by the 8.35. My portmanteoau have gone down to the etable yard. I shall stay a day or two in town, and then sail for the Cape.' 'For the Cape ! That Inso far, Val. Why not to Italy or Spain.' ' Tame, hackneyed, intolerable. The holi. day ground of self.opinionated Yankees and personally.conducted Cockneys. No, if change of scene is to do me any good, if I am to get out of mysel', I must get face to face with nature. Africa is the place for me. Don't be afraid, dear mother. The Dark Continent is as safe a solitude as Berne Bay.' ' And you are going-this morning?' 'At once. The dogcart is waiting for me. Good-bye.' as clasped his mother in his arms, kissed her as he had not kiseed her for year- hardly since he was a achoolboy. Hia own eyes were not innccent of tears ac he rushed away, leaving her to sob out her sorrow in the quiet shrubbery walk which her footsteps had so often trodden. Never bad she felt more desolate than in this parting with the wayward and beloved son, and yet she told herself that it was well he were gone. Any. thing must be better than to see him as he I had been since last August. The South.western railway conveyed Mr. Bolfield to Exeter, but in the junction station there, he had a choioe of trains, and the Great.western salted him beet on this occs. aion. He croseed from one platform to the I other, took his ticket for Paddington, and o:.mc oat upon Ie depart?re pla:ftrm of the Great.weetern, under the big clock. The platform was not so crowded as usual, and the train was not due foe five minutes. As he walked slowly towards the end of the station. Valentine passed a man whose face lashed upon him with a sudden sickening of the heart and weakening of the limbs, like the eight of a ghost in high noon. The wintery sun shone upon those pale and high-bred features. He saw the face locking at him, half In hatred, half in scorn, and he could not give bank scorn for scorn, hats for hate. He who had never feared his fellow.men, sickened at the eight of this man, and passed on with quickened step, and eyes I looking steadily forward, pretending not to see that familiar face, the feace of the man I who had stolen hia wife's heart. St. Autell stopped and looked back at him. 'As I am alive, that was the face of a felon,' be said to himeelf, 'and the mystery of Helen's fate is darker than any of us dream of. That man dared not meet my eye althoogh it was his place to hector and mine oo qualL There was guilt in that look.' He was on his way westward. Sieae that meeting at the Badminton, he had been ?uch disturbed in his mind about his est love. Ftckle as the previous enperience of his life had proved him, he had not yet forgotten Helen. TOe year which Mrs. Biaddeley had allowed for the duration of his passion was not yet ended, and it may be that the disappointment and mismhamse which had attended this partieular iotrigue, had •etensitied his feelings. He would have for feited ten years of his life to hare found Helen, and won her for his own, but there was that in her hbsband's counlenance which cbilled his sool. He had half a mind to ollow Valentine ieltield, and tax him then and there with fool play. He had no evidence, except the mysterious circumstances of the wife's diasppearanoe, and that guilty look in the hasband'e face-but the two together brought envniction to St. Auotell's mind. (ro cc coosorcn, 