TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. Bs Asmodbi'B.. The events o! another autumn campaign hayo boon added! to the records of past doings at the head quarters of the Australian turf, and viewed in its several aspects the reunion bears favorable comparison with preceding " back end'1 annivorsarles. The gathering was, per haps, the most representative over known to assemble at Fleraineton during tho fail of the year, and in addition to acquiring a knowledge o! how affairs are conducted undor the baton of the V. B.C. visitors from tho neighboring colo nies were likewise privileged to experience the vicissitudes of our climate. In regard to variety thore was ample choico between the extraor dinary combination of thunder, lightning and water which ushorod.in tho mooting and the sweltering beat which prevailed on the conclud ing day. With such an intermixture of meteor ological . accompaniments, our intercolonial guests must hayo arrived at no other conclu sion than that Victorians are subjected to highly peculiar atmospherical changes. If, however, the endless topic formed tho subject of adverse oriticism, no similar complaint tvaB levelled at the sport, for, with tho exception of tho onesided contests for the St. Legor and Champion Stakes, it is questionable if over hotter racing has been witnessed at Fleming- ton either in the spring or autumn, The han dicap contests throSghout reflected favorably on Mr. Barnard, and tho dead heat between Kohai and The Levite was an appropriate tribute to hi3 onorous efforts, in addition to being a happy futile to n day's racing which commenced with a similar verdiot on the part of Mr. Wnkloy. At various times I have had to call Mr. Barnard- so sovarely to task whon criticising his productions that I gladly avail myself- of the opportunity to do him corre sponding justico v/honaver occasion arises, and in this respect I only endorse public sentiment when I say that the closeness of tho finishes for the. 'Newmarket Handicap, Australian Cup, Bourke Handicap, Aiitumu Handioap and Free Handicap wore such as to evoke favorable allusion to the mannor in which those contests bad been framed by the official adjuster of " weights and measures. " _ Undoubtedly tho primary feature ef the late meeting was the irrssistiblo form displayed by the invading forces, whoso victorios were for cibly 'proclaimed along the' line. It ivas verily a case of Now South Wales being a decided winner, with Hew Zealand a fair seoond; and Victoria nowhere. This is better explained by figures, showing the " distribution of stakes value, £'it,493,of wliioh sum Hew South Wales appropriated £5679, New Zealand £3314, -Vio- t<jria£1762 andBouth Australia '£i587. Wes tern Australia partlolpatod in tho spoiis to the o&ont; of £100, and Tasmania! £5Q only: Mr. Jam'ss White is, of course,' the. largest indivi dual "winnei-, with a total 'of "£4425, very nearly : double the amount of the . cheque ho received on the occasion of his spring, visit ' Ho' held tryo trump cards in iTidenf Md .Aber'oorn, ' the . former of which 'experienoid no difficulty in annexing the w.oight-for-ago. honors of the meeting, in addi- tion to carrying to victory ! in the t,\jistiniian .®iV'Vfhe ,, heaviest impost ever nssTg'nel . to' a 3-year-oid in.tbat parlicclar event. Tho lastt ; named , porf or ocuioes weorei particularly meri torious, inasmuch-' as .he conceded - ifelecn - a Wyight-rfor-age allowance of 4 lb. j albeit there ar®.o:!rhO;inaiidain .that; the actual' victory was ..reduced to, a. matter of horsemanship en thepartofllales,' rvhose -ability in Ibe saddle was demonstrated to a very forcible extent. In fairness to Browri, it must be .acknortledgod tht he waB placed at a disadvantage through losing his whip, for had his horse been the re cipient of the few rib binders Hales found it necessary to apply to Trident :it is only reason- abb -to suppose that -Kelson would have re sponded with similar generpussess. Apart from this-, misfortune, however, Brown made his ran much too soon,, and when matters uventuatcd in a; ding-dong finish Hales's superior, skill and experience fairly won th« hajtle for, Mr. White's colt. Had Hales been! on Kelson I bare no hesitation in giving it as my opinion -that the victory would have been rerorsed, and I am far from being alone in this ! idea. It was a .matter of regret that Kelson waa not nominated for the Champion Stakes ; ' but there is still a chance of tho redoubtable chesnuts again crossing each other's path be fore the end; of tho season, as Major George has intimated his intention of taking Kelson to the Autumn Meeeting -at Iiandwick. The separate victories of Lochiel and Mit railleuse, and the subsequent triumph of Kel son over Hortense, mado ample reparation on .behalf , of Ne w Zealand .for the bare defeat of Kelson and Maxim in two ct the most valuable events decided at the meeting. - Hales was 'the' Maorilandefi' "beta noire ra both their'reverses,. i and his . excellsnt, horsemanship -was as pro nounced oii Abercorn as on. Trident, and had the two visiting jockeys been opposed to a less finished adversary thanVictoria's premier horse- : man the fortunes, of the campaign would prob-. Arhljr have ..resulted in an overwhelming nia- .jority for the ..New : Zealand representatives, While the Australian Cup bore testimony to Kelson's staying powers, his decisive defeat of Hortense left no doubt regarding his pace. The All Aged Stakes was not only remarkable for -the victory of a seasoned performer over 2-year-olds in this particular race, but for the downfall of " the filly of a century.' How about Hortense's' invincibility ? was tho first .question which arose in one's mind as she was perceived to be toiling hopelessly past the post half a dozen lengths behind Sumatra. With such true action, even in distress, it was nevor .expected she would roll and rock about as she 'did when collared by Kelson, and people were at a los3 to account for her collapse. Katurally enough, the unexpected occurrence caused many sage turfites' to shako their heads, look wise and wonder the cause thereof, It was not so much Kelson's victory as Hortenso'a inferior display, compared with the running of Sumatra; that occasioned surprise. Her superiority oyer the Kirkham cast-off has been of a pronounced character ail through the season, commencing in the Great Foal Stakes j at Caulficld, and subsequently emphasised over the same ground on Boxing day, as well as in tho Flying Stakes and Ascot Vale Stakc3 at Fiemington. In the face of such performances Sumatra's ultimate overthrow of the South Australian filly is one of the heaviest blows ever sustaiued by the disciples of public form, and with it caine an ond to Hortense's invin- cibloness. Verily,. 2-year-qlds are alter all kittle cattle, and Kowminster's namo yet Hvob above all others as tho most constant per former, and tho only ono who has succeeded in retaining hi3 superiority right through the Ben son. ' ... ' 1 . It remained with the handicap division to make amends Tor the shortcomings of the Champion Race and .other iveight-for- age exhibitions.- Next in importance to Trident's win' in the Australian Cup wa3 the victory of Lord Wilton in the Autumn Handicap, carrying S st. 91b.', and conceding a' stone and a half And half a- stone respectively to Satyr and AH Gold, who. finished second and third.. , The two most- consistent performers at tho meeting were Tho' Levite and Yellow Jacket, who finished in close proximity at tho bead of affairs in the concluding event on each of the three days.' Yellow Jackot began by sooring a win at the first attempt, whereas it was not 'until 'twice running into a' place that The Levite succeeded in finally making a dead heat of it with ICohai in the Froe Handicap. New Zealand, in addition to being worthily represented by Kelson, sent over a couple oi speedy customers in'Lochiol and Mitrailleuse. The latter' two separate pon'ormaucas wore decidedly contradictory; and after her bril liant victory in the Bourke Handicap with 4 lb. more than she carried in the Kewmarkot Handicap, questions wcro naturally asked as to the causo of her ignominious behaviour on the occasion of her debut. £omo soeptical observers insinuated that her party at tho last moment identified themselves with Lochiel, a suggestion which found no sympathy in the state of tho betting market, and which was doubtless as unfounded as it wa3 uncharitable. Nevertheless, Mitrailleuse ran such a duffer in the short dis tance handicap, won by her countryman— nover onco getting near the leaders— that a comparison of form by tho scran was inevit able after her masterly defeat of the formidable field opposed to her in the Bourke Handicap. By coupling Lochiel and Mitraillouse to win tho Kowmarkot Handicap and selecting Kelson for the Australian Cup, I mado a fairly good effort to land tho double. I question if over a hotter lot of two-year- olds has bean seen to tako part at tbo V.11.C. fall meeting. .'Hortense experienced no diffi culty in successfully negotiating her penalty in the AsftotVale Stakes, and her subsequent de feat by Sumatra, oh lovol term?, remains for thq time being an unexplainable mystery. Publio form was thereby torn to shreds, and in the absence oil ony extenuating circumstances ad vanced as to the cause of defeat, I myself know of no tangible reasons to account for her- over throw. Some may think she traiued off, but her running in the Ascot Vale StnkcB does not favor the idea."' Others msfy contend tliat; the low ecale af weigSts did not suit heir so well as the highst cmray with- which eiie gained her most important conquests ;:fcut; then again there ie the Flymg SUkesJftit to refute stich n notion, for in1 that race she fairly lost Sumatra in addi tion to decisively defeating a pronounced flyer in "William Tell. It may further bo maintained that Hortense has been in active training ever since the commencement of the season ; eo has Sumatra. - Where, then, is the philosophical reasoning that can reconcile us to Hortense's defeat at the hands of an adversary whom she bo effectually silenced on four preceding occasions ? _ There can. be no doubt that Sumatra has de veloped marked improvement since Mr. J. White permitted. her to slip through his fingers last spring, but that gentleman still possesses a clinker. in Abcroorn, who succeeded in adding the Sires Produce Stakes -to the important vic tory he gained over Huntingtower and Moor- house in the Richmond Stakes at Rand- wick. It was not, however, without a. desperate hand to ' har.d encounter with the New Zealand representative, Maxim, that Hales landed the rich prize on tbo Kirkham bred ohestnut. Ko finer looking colt than Maxim has ever filled the eyes of con noisseurs at Fiemington, and. his presence in next, year's . Derby, had ho been nomi- nated, would have, considerably enhanced public interest in the Victorian bine riband contest. Moorbouse accomplished a big thing when he waltzed in for the Nursery Handicap with 9 st. 1 lb., on his back, and the' race showed that be ought io have made a good, fight for the Sires' Produdo- Stakes bat for being, twice kicked by Maxim when at the post. To the pounding in question his party 'attributed, defeat, and the result of. the second go proved there was some ground for the' belief' formed. Abercorn, -Moot-bouse and Maxim look like disputing., the 2-year-old honors of . the back end, and unless there be, something else lying . fallow; ; the: rich .prizes, awaiting distribution at the Randtvick autumn, meeting promise to rest between them.' Matador ran better in the Nursery Handicap than in the Sires' Produce Stakes', .and the for-; ward positions secured by. both -.Moorhouse and , Matador in tho Nursery Handicap race reflected favorably on this calibre of 'Aberccrn and' Maxim, who beat them badly at even weights! on the openiDg day, of the meeting- After thus exhausting the main incidents oi the recent campaign, we were made acquainted with the full force and annihilating influences of the foreign invasion to -.vhich-the Victorian turf ha3 been subjected, and our humiliation has been eo seTere that not a feiv. who bare the interest of the national pastime at heart are diligently seeking the cause there of. What is becoming of Victorian bred horses ? is the first question asked. Breeding in Victoria is going to tho deuce, say our lead ing stud masters, and the ' recent yearling! sales give, forcible stress to their asser tions. Kelson claims this colony as his birth place, 'tis true, but the paddock that nourished the Gienormiston giant ;is no more the home of the thoroughbred,; and of late years New South Wales, Taimanian and South Australian breeders have fairly super seded their Victorian confreres. Vie sadly re quire the advent of a home bred equine star in the present emergency. The St. Loger and Champion Stakes laid bare our dMicioncy in this respect while our 2-year-olds are not to be compared to those of the neighboring colonies,' so that for another year there is every pros pect of visitors makings clean sweep of the decks in the same manner as £hey have done! this season. .When, 0, whon will 'another. First King, Darobin or Commotion borne , to the rescue? " . . . ' ". : ' As already pointed out, the victories gained by New South Wales bred horses were dis tinctive features of the Fiemington meeting, the representatives of tho elder colony includ ing Trident, Yellow Jackot, Abercorn, The Levite and Moorhouse. A small team 'tis true, but one which netted over £5000 in stakes. Hortense and Lord Wilton did good service on behalf of South Australian breeders, Kohai for Tasmania, and Mitrailleuse for Kow Zealand, the last namo-1 colony sharing with England the credit attached to Loohiet's victory in the Newmarket Handicap. Although neither isnow identified with Victoria, this colony can claim the honor of having bred both Kelson and Abner, who won three race3 between them. For more legitimate successful repre sentatives we have to remain content with a poor lot, composed of Dufferin, Boz, Goodwood and Lizette. The successful sires were Robinson Crusoe (Trident), King Colo (Kelson), Gang Forward (Hortense), St. Albans (Abner), Prince Charlie (Lochiol), Bosworth (Boz), The Drummer (Yellow Jacket), Chester (Abercorn), Musket (Mitrailleuse), Ambassador (Dufferin), Moorotborpo (Moorhouse), Countryman (Lord Wilton), Yattendon (The Levite) and Manuka (Kohai). It is a singular coincidence that no sire had more than one, winning repre sentative. Hales stands at the head of tho successful jockeys with four winning mounts, Power taking second place with throo wins. Campbell scored two straight out victories and a dead heat, while Robertson gained one win ning bracket on Mitrnilleuso in addition to tio- ing Campbell in the concluding race of tho meeting. The New Zealand rider, Brown, won twice on Kelson, and tho following' achieved a victory apiece, viz.: — Clifford, Moore, Batty, Ferguson and Mr. W. S. Fox, jun. Strange to eay, such finished horsemen as O'Brien, Ellis, Saunders,. Ivimy, Williamson, Gough, Hutchens and Trahan went through tho meet ing without onco catching the judge's eye first. Stranger still, the rising light weight, Gorry, never got a placo in any of his eight separate essays. - - The autumn festivities at Fiemington are no sooner at an ond than turfites are called upon to extend their patronage to; Caulfield, where another. meeting will claim' attention" this afternoon. Prooeodiuga will open with tho Selling Race, in which contest tho placos may be filled by Faugh-a-Ballagh, The Ghost and Stafford. Revcngo reads a tolerably good thing for' the Hurdle Race, but should be auffei a reverse it may be at the instance of Whale- bone'or Goodwood. The St Hilda. Cnp will form the leading feature of the afternoon, and as 16 candidates have accepted, there is every pros pect of an interesting struggle. Were Meteor :n his old form I would search no further for the winner, but tho rooent behavior of tho Hnwkesbury Handicap winner does not prowoto confidence, and perhaps we shall .see the final issue reduced -to a fight between All Gold, Abuse, Kohai, and Tlie Levite. To restrict myself to one representative, I will namo ABUSE, as the probable wiener, with Kohai and The Levite as likely place candidates. For. the Steeplechase, I entertain a fancy for Marmion, Roulette and .Lizette in tho order, .named. Bedouin ought to annex the, Federal! Stakes, Boz and Lady Lovel being his most dangerous opponents, Tho South Varra Handicap should go to Chicago or Damocles, The recent victories of Trident and Abercorn leave no doubt. as to Mr. James White beading the list of winning owners for the third seison in succession. Last year bis winnings amounted to over £15,000, and although he is not likely to-quite equal the same figures he has -already topped his 1884-35 score with a total ol £11,174. Last year Mr. S. Miller was second on tho list with £4606, an amount which Mr. C, L. Macdonald has bettered by nearly £200. Up to the present time Mr. W. A. Long, who. was third last season with £3543, occupies a similar position with a sum of £3114. Then follow Mr. . W. Gannon, £2865; Mr. T. Jones, £2428; Mr. S. Martin, £2239; Mr. W.' J.' Forrester, £i680gMr. G. G. Stead, £1388; Mr. M. Loughiin, £1186; and Mr- -D. Cooper, £1146. . Mr. M. Locke (Western Australia) -is. credited with- £1055, -as tbo-result of Isonomy and Satyr s.cfforls at Flemingtqn, Caulfield and Moonee-, Valley ;- and, Mr. j VV. Strickland ..(Queensland) is down, for) £'lfb0, which . amount represents Ben Bolts victory ir theCaulficld Cup. -Mr.W. Pearson, Mr.-S.'Miltei and Mr., L Foulsliam have, just topped Die " thou. ," and that is all, they being thoonlj other owners . who have . as yet reachetl foui figures. . . " r Mr. James White is such a princely supporter of. the turf that his.victories are always .well received ; but, with , due respect —to .the exemplary manner in which the gene ral affairs of the Kirkham establishment are condacted, it must . be allowed that tho ..public .would , be bettor prepared ;to. honor, the. triumphs of .the .blue and -whits banner .were not such -uncertainty. attached, to the starting of its representatives on tbo evo of important engagements. For instance, ilia eieyenth-.hour withdrawal of Volcaiio from tho 'Newmarket Handicap .was a 'sad disappointment to those who followed . tlife market lead during the period he pbcupied such a prominent 'posi tion in the" quotations. " Then again; it ; was freely circulated that Trident would'not jeopar dise his chance for the Champion - Stakes -by starting for the Australian' Cap, and' his candi dature remained in doubt ' up to ' tbb-'£ast moment. Tho -'same thing 'J was, saidcJof Matchloolr ' for " da'st '!: year's - Australian Cup, of -Trident ' for the V. R. C. -Dcrhy, and of Kordonfeldt -for the previous year's blue ribbon. That stich apprehension and uncertainty' should periodically exist iu refer ence to 'Mr. White's horses' is a matter foi regret, and although in point of fact- the cir cumstance may concern that gentleman. him self more' than anybody elso, there can -be nc denying the fact that his victories would be considerably enhanced in popularity were the starting of his representatives for important races not such a continual source of suspense tip tq!(ho hour of scratching.. - i - ' ' I ail sorry to hear that Mr. M. Fennelly has suffered another relapse! and 'tliat 'the-symp- ',toms which have set in are of a serious nature. Hisi burly figure and cheerful face were; missed by all bubiiues who attended the recent meeting as Fiesnington, and I am sorry to say it is extremely .doubtful whether he will ever; bo well enough tc resume control of Mr. James White's valuable team of horses. Mr. Fennei'y always hold a high opinion of ' Aber corn, and, as I intimated last week, it was! at his express desire that the 6on of Chester and Cinnamon was reserved exclusively for -the Sires Produce Stakes, in which event the giod looking chestnut so meritoriously acquitted himself. '; . Settling over the V.R.C. meeting has psasel off in a satislactory manner, there1 being -no serious complaints on the part of either hackers or layers. There was only one large inter colonial account missing on Monday, l-ut>ili settlement has since been satisfactorily arranged. On the whole the Lookmaktxj appear to have had none the best of the'tVahs- actions. Lochiel and Trident took the cream off both the straight out aiid doublo'crt :.t books, and as far as the cash fielders '- wen concerned Boz's victory in tbo Hopeful -Staket was the only race in which they profited io any appreciable extent. But for the losses sus tained over Hortonse and All Gold backer! would liavo scored heavily against tbe ring.oii tho concluding day. ' - There will be quite a plethora of raclngioa St. Patrick's day, 17th March. Metropolitan raco goers will dovoto their attention 'to Elsternwick Park, while provincial turfitos will distribute their patronage between Ifynetcn, Camperdown, Albury, Avenel and other plaoes. As the Elsternwick Park handicaps are not due until Monday, I am unable to discuss probabili ties. At Kyneton, the Hurdle Race may gb'- to Pemberleyor Forest King, tho Kvnoton Handi cap to Soldier Boy or Maydevr, tho Lauriston Handicap to Chloris or. First Pop,' arid tbo IJis- trict Handicap to Sir Charte3 or Forlorn' Hope. The'. Sydney Turf Club h.-iri decided'1 on 'In creasing, ftio. value of -next year's Anrilversfiri Handicap to 2000 sovs. ; 1500 sots. : of tho aVui sum, to. go to the owner of the first hoTee( 350 sovs. to. tho owner of the second1 and- 150 sovs. to tho owner of the third horse.' It will "cost owners 20 sovs. to run for the foregoing prizes, payments to be mado as follows ; — Nomihatibn. .5 sovs.; acccptanco, 5 sovs; final phymrtit 10 bovs. The distance is 1 milo arid 3 furlongs As thu conditions are precisely similar to thou \- which goTerned the last Australian Cup, which yielded only £875 to the winner, there should be a proportionately large entry for the valn- able prize distributed under the auspices of the \- Sydney Turf Club. The same executive has issued an elaborate programme for the next Queen's Birthday meet ing to be held at Randwick, including the Birth- . day. Cup, with 500 sovs. added ; Royal Stakes, with 250 sovs. added ; Steeplechase, with 400 6 ova added ; and Hurdle Race, with 200 sovs. added. The . two jumping contests are suffi ciently valuable to attract the cream of Vic torian "lepping ".talent The increased value of the stake3 to bo run for at the approaching autumn meoting of the Australian Jockey Club bids fair to attract a number of Victorian owners to Randwick, and intending nominators are reminded that the general entries require to be made with the ecretary of the A. J. C. (Sydney), or Y.R.C. (Melbourne), on Wednesday next, 16th March, before 4 o'clock p.m. The inaugural meeting of the Glenfern Racing Club was held on Thursday, on a course laid out at Fern'Tree Gully, in a paddock close 1 to Mr. A. Selman's residence. The attendance was very good, and the sport of a most enjoy able' description. The arrangements were ex cellently carried out by Mr. Selman, as starter, and Mr. F. Row, as secretary ; and as Mr. Miles, of the V.R.C. office, undertook the duties connected with the scales there was not a hitch of any kind whatever. Proceedings opened ' with a hurdle race of a mile and three-quarters. This was won by Mr. C. Wilson's Man of Kent (by Croagh Patrick — Wyena), who comfortably defeated Land Shark and five others. The Maiden Plate was won oleverly by Mr. Harper's Tabby (by King Cole— Spes), who went out with Odds on, and won cleverly from Baron Neekar, ' Flush and half a dozen others. The mile occupied 1 min. 56 sec. Only four appeared at the post for the Glenfern Cap, th9 principal race of the day. Backers laid odds of 6 to 4 on Blue Bell, and accepted the odds against Dexter. The other two starters, Grenadier and Sunstroke, wore absolutely friendless. Dexter was not iu the hunt when it came to racing, Blue Bell (a daughter of Yasco di Gama and Blue Bell) winning comfortably. The District Welter Race was a very interesting affair, Mr. A. Selman's The Dawn, having the services ol Mr. W. S. Cox, jun., was in request, and won comfortably. After Nooman had disposed of a solitary opponent in the Selling Race, Blue Bell showed her heels to all her opponents in the Fern Tree Gully Handicap, and won with out a struggle, Meerschaum being second, and Flush third. Quite a flutter of excitement has been raised fnside as well as outsido sporting circles by the miniature fracas between Lord Deerburst and Mr. R. Sutton, which led to tho ex pulsion of the last named from the Victorian Betting Club in the flrat place and culminated in tho Police Court on Thursday la9t. Ac cording to evidence the assault which led to Sut ton's expulsion was of a very. trivial nature and committed under- great provocation, and if all members of .tho Victorian Club are liable to be ostracised for such potty offences against each other wbenover they may chance to meet ont- side the precincts of the club room, then those bookmakers who retain their member ship yoar aftor year are very exemp lary individuals indeed, possessing moral and social qualities of a far higher order than is generally attributed to them. Apart from this consideration, and disclaiming to be an admirer of Sutton, tho letter's ex pulsion is not commensurate with pre vious rulings emanating from the same quartor. Hot long ago a bookmaker was found guilty of a most heinous offeuce, one wbicb ronderod him liable to a crimi nal prosecution, namely, of trying to de- fraud a backer of horses of £100. What was the punishment? A twelve months' suspension only; and now the convicted offender in question is at liberty to hob-nob with noble lords, whenorer such birds of passage chance to honor the Victorian Club room with their presence. Offences of speech are by no means of unoominon occurrence under the Victorian Club roof, and it is not long since that the " King of tho Ring " himself, after a previous reprimand or two, was brought before the executive for using insulting and foul language in the olub,- yet he was not expelled, but fined £50. The distinction, therefore, which the betting authorities have net up in dealing with \- offenders is ot an elastic and ununiform character. A bookmaker may openly abuse and ay all sorts of insulting things to a brother peoolffer in the presenco of those in member ship assembled, and is charged £50 for tho privilege. But should another member chanco \- to meet a lordly client on the opposito sido of tho street, away from tho club environs, and, smarting under personal provocation, chance to draw the baok of his hand across his lord- \- ship's noble frontispiece, nothing but dire ex pulsion falls on the offender. This is drawing a wide line of domarcation, to say tho least of it, atd tho sooner the mombors of tho Vic- : torian Club are made acquainted with the full \- extent of the obligations they are under to the powers that be, with regard to their oonduct outside the olub, the bottor will it bo for all who ere associated therewith. As far as the public are left to judge, fiunkoyism and toadyism are suggestive of being direct factors in bringing about Sutton's expulsion, and, in place of Lord Doerhurst's paltry complaint against Sutton, \- had, say, Mr. William Branch issued a writ of audita gucrela against Joe Thompson forgiving . him a black eye, the partios oonoerned would . doubtless have beon told to settle such little affairs amongst themselves. And in such a way. all right thinking people are of opinion . the Dcerhurst-cum-Sutton episode should havo been determined. The numerous friends of Mr. David Jones, a gentleman well-known in racing and coursing circles, will be sortv to bear that a cablegram has been received froin England announcing his \- death. \- Tho Sydney Cup,- weights for which wore de- . dared on Wednosday last, is the next im- , povtant evout which ' will engage attention. Books are already open on tho event, but no reliable market will be formed until the accep tances are made known on Wednesday next, when opportunity will also offer for a critical digest of Mr. Scare's handiwork. Until then 1 shall contont myself by saying that a cursory glance down the list favors the idea of Nelson, Arsenal, The Jewel, Dunlop, Tetford, Kitawa, Recall, Crossfire, Ringmaster, Tamarisk, Fhaon, TheWreck, Myall King, Sorella and Abase being amongst those who are likely to cry content to the imposts imposed upon them. Acceptances and general entries for the Kyneton meeting close at 4 p.m. to-day (Satur day.) ' " 