John Knox and Mary Queen ofScots. " I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth ; and the truth I will speak , imvugn it whoso list.', — Knox. Brave and honeBt John Knox I But for him and others of kindred spirit, every one of us would now he the degraded Blnves of Popish error and falsehood ; handed over, bodies and soule, to the power of priests and tyrants. It is the fashion — and a oheap fashion, too — for sketchy historians and mandlin novelists, incapable of grouping the mighty principles at stake, to slander John Knox bb a man without heart. Poor Mary, a beautiful and interesting Queen, wept under the faithful teaching of Knox. How cruel, how hard-hearted, to make a Queen weep 1 What a rough, coarse man, he must have been ! Such are the sentiments of our mandlin sentimentalists, who would doubtless have played the sycophants and sold their principles (if they had any to sell), as well as their country, so as to win the smile, and please a woman. Such creatures are not made of the stuff demanded in true men called by Providence for the accomplishment of a miehtv work. Marv weDt because neither her threats nor her blandishments could win the heart of Knox from the cause of God and man. She was vexed, dis appointed, thwarted ; and therefore, woman like, sho wept. This was all. She had fixed her heart on the re- establishment of Popery. She and her Popish minions, would not have scrupled to deluge Scotland with blood, if thereby ehe could have gained her object. If Romanists had the power, and if they thought that they had the chance, they would do so now. England had her " Bloody Mary" But for Knox and other true and faithful men, Scotland would have had a " Bloody Mary " also. We love the man more than ever, when, having his attention called to the royal tears, ho replied " Better that women, rather than bearded men, should weep." Grand old Knox. That our readers may have a correct know ledge of the conferences between Mary and Knox, wo reprint the accounts given by Calderwood, one of the old historians of the Church. The orthography is modernised. fibst interview, a.d. 1561. The Queen, whether by the counsel of others, or moved by herself, had a long con ference with Mr. Knox, none being present except Lord James. Two gentlemen Htood in the other end of the house. The Queen laid to his clrnrge, that he had raised a num ber of her subjects against her mother and her self ; that he had written a hook against her just authority, (she meant the treatiso against the government of women0) which sho had, and against which she would oause the most learned in Europe to write ; that he was the author of a great sedition and slaughter in England ; that nil that ho did, he did it by necromancy, as she was informed. He answered : " Madam, will it ploaso your Majesty patiently to hear my simple answers? First, if to teach the truth in sincerity, to re buke idolatry, to exhort people to worship God according to His Word, be to raise sub jects against their princes, then cannot I be excused. But, Madam, if the true knowledge of God, and His right worship, be the chief causes which move men to obey from their hearts their lawful princes, as it is certain they are, wherein can I be blamed ? I am persuaded your Grace both had, and presently hath, as unfeigned obedience of such as pro fess the truth in this realm, as ever your father or other progenitors had, of those who were called BishopB. Touching that book which seemeth so highly to offend your Majesty, it is true I wrote it, and am content that all the learned in the world judge of it. I hear that an Englishman hath written againBt it, but I have not read him. If he have sufficiently disproved my reasons, and established his own assertions with as evident testimonies as I have done mine, I shall con fess my error. But I have ever thought, and do still think, that, by myself' alone, I am more able to sustain my assertions in that work, than any ten in Europe shall be able to confute." "Ye think," quoth she, " that I have no just authority." " Please your Majesty," said he, " learned men in all ages have bad their judgments free, and often disagreeing from the common judgments of the world ; and have published the same, both by pen and tongue. They have borne, notwithstanding, with the .errors which they could not amend. Plato, in hiB book of the commonwealth, damned many things maintained in the world ; yet lived under such forms of policy as were received, without troubling the state. So have I, Madam, communicated my judgment to the world." If the state find no inconvenience in the government of a woman, that which they shall allow, I shall not disallow, farther than within my own breast, hut shall be as well content to live under your Grace as Paul was to live under Nero. I trust, so long as ye defile not your hands with the blood of the saints, that neither I, nor that book, shall harm you of your authority : for that book was written specially against ; that wicked Jezebel of England. " But," said she, " ye speak of women in general." "True it is," said he, " but wisdom should teach your Grace, not to call in question that which, to this day, hath not troubled your your Majesty, either in person or in authority ; for many- things havo bonn impugned of late, which before were held for certain verities. No man is able to prove, that any Buch ques tion hath been moved in public or in secret. If I would have troubled your state because ye aTe a woman, I might have chosen a time more convenient than this, when your Majesty is at home. But, madam, to answer to the other imputations ; I praise God, that the wicked have no other crimes to lay to1 my charge, than such as the world knoweth to be false ; for I was resident in England only five years ; two at Berwick, two at Newcastle, one at London. Now, if, during these times, any can prove there was either sedition or mutiny in theso places, I shall confess myself to have bpen the shedder of the blood or mover of the sedition. I am not ashamed to aver farther, that God so blessed my weak labours, that in Borwii k, where there used commonly to fall forth slaughter by reason of quarrels rising among soldiers, there was a great quietness all the time I was there, as there is this day in Edinburgh. As for the slander of magio, necromancy, or any other art forbidden by God, I have witnesses, be side my own conscience, all the congregations that ever heard me, what I spake against such aits, and the practisers of such impiety. It behoveth me to bear patiently the slanders of such as never delighted in the truth, seeing my Master was slandered, as one possessed with Beelzebub." "Yet," said she, "ye hove taught the people to receive another religion than their princos can allow. How can that doctrine be of God, seeing God commandeth subjects to obey their princeB ?" " Madam," said he, " as right religion took neither origin nor authority :from worldly princes, but from the eternal God above, so are not subjects bound to frame their religion according to the appetite of princes ; for often it falleth forth, that princeB are the most ignorant of all others of true religion. If the people of Israel had been of the religion of Pharoah, to whom they were a long time subject, what religion would they have been, of ? If, in the days of the Apostles, men had retained the religion of the Roman Emperors, what religion would have been upon the face of the earth ? The three chil dren Baid expressly to Nebuchadnezzar, " We will make it known to thee, 0 king, that we will not worship thy gods." Daniel prayed publicly to his God, againBt the express com mandment of Darius." " Yet,'' said she, " none of these lifted the sword against their princes." "They who obey not the commandment given, do," said lie, " in some sort resist." " Yet," said she, " they resisted not by the sword." " God," said lie, "Madam, had not given to them the power and tho means." " Think you then " quoth she, " that sub jects, having power, may resist their princes ? " If their princes exceed bounds," quoth he; " Madam they, may be resisted even by power : for there is not greater honour or obedience to be given to kings and princes, than God hath commanded to be given to father and mother. If children join together against their father stricken with a frenzy, and seed-' to Blay his own children ; apprehend him, take his sword or other weapons from' him, bind his hands, and keep him in -prison till his frenzy pass away ; do they any wrong ? or will God be offended with them for hin dering their father from committing horrible murder ? Even so, Madam, if princes would murder the children of God, their subjects, their blind zeal is but a mad frenzy. To take the sword from them, to bind their hands, and cast them into prison, till they be brought to a sober mind, is not disobedience, but just obedience, because it agreeth with the Word of God." The Queen stood still, as one amazed, more than a quarter of an hour, and her counten ance was changed. Lord James began to en tertain her with fair speeches, and demanded, " what hath offended you, Madam ?" At length she said, " well then I perceive my subjects must obey you, and not me ; and shall do what they please, and not what I command," God forbid," said he, "that I take upon me to command any to obey me, or to set subjects at liberty to do what pleaseth them. It is my care, that both princes and subjects obey God. Think not, Madam, that wrong is done to you when ye are willed to be subject to God ; for it iB He that subjects th people under princeB. Yea, God craveth that kings be foster fathers and queens nurses to his people. This subjection to God, and Bervice to His Ohurch, is the greatest dignity flesh and blood can get upon earth." " But ye are not the kirk," said she, "which I will nourish. I will defend the kirk of Rome, whioh I think to be the true kirk." " Your will," said he, " is no reason, nor will your judgment make that Roman harlot, polluted with all kind of spiritual fornioation, as well in doctrine as in manners, to be the true spouse of Christ. I offer to prove that the kirk of the Jews, which crucified Christ, and denied the Son of God, degenerated not so far from the ordinances and statutes of God, as tho kirk of Rome hath declined, more than five hundred years since, from that purity of roligion which was in the days of the apoBtles." "My conscience," said she, " persuadeth me not so." "Conscience," Baid he, "requireth know ledge, which I fear ye want." " 1 have both heard and read," said she. " So," said he, " did the Jows who crucified Christ. But have ye heard any teach, but suoh as were allowed by the Pope, ana his Cardinals?" " Ye interpret Scripture," said she, " after I one manner, and they after another. ; whom shall I believe, or who shall be judge ?" > " Farther than the Word teacheth yon," said he, " ye shall neither believe the one nor the other. The Word of Qod is plain in it self. If there appear any obscurity in one place, the Holy Ghost, who is never contrary to himself, explaineth tbe same in other places. Papists allege, that the mass is the mstitntion of Jesus Christ, and a sacrifice for the quick and the dead ; we say, it is but the invention of man, and therefore an abomina tion before God, and no sacrifice commanded by God. So long as they are able to prove nothing, howheit all the world believe them, they do receive but the lies of men for the truth of God. The Word of God doth plainly assure ub, that Christ neither said, nor com manded to be said, roaas at the last supper." "Ye are too hard for me," said she, "but if they were here, whom I have heard, they would answer you." , " Would to God," said he, " madam, the most learned Papist in Europe, or whom you would most believe, were here present, and that ye would hear patiently the matter reasoned to the end !" " Well," said she, " ye will, perhaps, get that sooner than ye believe." " Assuredly," said he, " if ever I get it in ray life, it is sooner than I believe, for the ignorant Papist cannot reason patiently ; the learned will never come in your audience, to have the ground of their religion searched. They know they are not able to sustain reasoning, except fire and sword and their own laws be judges." " So say ye," quoth the Queen. " So we have seen," said he, " to this day. For how oft have they been required to come to conference ; but it could not be obtained, unless. they themselves were admitted judges. Therefore, madam, it behoveth me to say again, that they dare never dispute, but where themselves are both judge and party." . The Queen was called upon to dinner. At parting Mr. Knox said to her, "I pray God, madam, that ye may be as blessed with in the commonwealth of Scotland, as ever Deborah was in the commonwealth of Israel." The Papists grudged and feared thatwhich they heeded not. The godly rejoiced, and thought that at least she would hear sermons: but they were deceived. Mr. Knox being asked by some of his familiars, what opinion he had himself of the Queen ? ' If there be not in her," said he, " a proud mind, a crafty wit, and an indured heart against God and His truth, my judg ment faileth me." Note. — The book above referred to by the Queen, written by Knox, and on the ground of which she accused him of disloyalty, was a pamphlet entitled "A Blast of the Trumpet against the Monstrous Regiment of Women." He therein denied the right of women to be supreme rulers in the state. He was not singular in this opinion. But the pamphlet was published before Mary of Scots ascended the throne, and was aimed chiefly at Mary of England, whose " bloody " government did not tend to propitiate one who denied the right of the sex to occupy the throne. " Regiment" meant " Government." (To he continued) 