GERALD MASSEY'S LEC- TURES.* When Mr. Massey made a lecturing tour through America and Australia, two years ago, the three lectures on theological subjects which excited the most attention wore entitled respec tively. The Historical Jesus and the Mythical Christ, The Devil of Darkness in the Light of Evolution, and Man in Search of His Soul During Fifty Thousand Years and How He Found It. These remarkable disquisitions he has now published, together with other three bearing the titles — Paul, as a Gnostic Opponent, Not the Apostle of Historic Christianitity ; The Logia of ihe Lord or tho Pre-Christian Sayings Ascribed to Jesus the Christ, and The Seven Souls of Man and Esoteric Interpretation. These publications contain too many proofs of tho earnestness and erudition of their author to fail of exciting notice and con troversy, and will encounter varying degrees of acceptance from different schools of religious thought. Tho Rev. Charles Voysey, whose trial for heresy when vicar of Healaugh con stituted a cause célebre of tho church, writes of one of them — " I have only just had the privi lege of reading your very learned lecture on the ' Historical Jesus and the Mythical Christ.' I hasten to say that if your statements are strictly true Christianity can hardly live, among persons of any education at all, more than twenty years." The organ of Evangelical Churchmen, The Rock, in referring to tho pub lications generally, says — " We would fain hope that these lectures may be over-ruled for good in stirring up a spirit of inquiry and causing men to reflect on tho bases and claims of Christianity. " Whatever may be thought of tho assault on current theological views con tained in these lucubrations no one who studies them can fail to notice the evidences of con scientious labor displayed in every page, and the anxious desire manifested to disentangle truth from mystery at any cost. Mr. Massey contends that tho customary rou tine of education in tho making of what are termed "learned men" is inimical to the dis covery of tho verities of nature. In support of this contention he quotes the dictum of Bacon, " In tho customs and institu tions of schools, academies, colleges and similar bodies destined for the abode of learned men and the cultivation of learning, every thing is found adverse to the progress of science. For the lectures and exercises there are so ordered that to think or speculate on anything out of the common way can hardly occur to any man. And if one or two have the bold ness to use any liberty of judgment, they must undertake the task all by themselves — they can have no advantage from the company of others. And if they can endure this also, they will find their industry and largeness of mind no slight hindrance to their fortune. For the studies of men in these places are confined and, as it were, imprisoned in the writings of certain authors, from whom if any man dissect he is straightway arraigned as a turbulent person and an innovator." Mr. Massey may well claim that the incidents of his own life and its processes of education have been as far removed as possible from the academical routine which he holds to be injurious to tho development of tho determined truth-seeker. Tho scholastic instruction received by him was of the scantiest, and limited to his earliest days. While yet a child be was com pelled to pass into the labor mill of tho world to aid his parents in gaming a scanty sub sistence. He had to earn his bread in a silk factory, working tor tho fearfully long hours common to those establishments before tho law took supervision of them and forced their owners to he merciful. Mnssoy is foud of telliug of the delight experienced by himself and other infan tile laborers, whon early ono fino morning tho mill in which their long days of slavery were passed caught fire, and mado a blaze beautiful to bohold. But a burning mill could ?ot help in allaying the pangs of hunger, and the only effect of tho conflagration on the boy Massey was that be had to devote his working hours to another sort of work — straw plaiting instead of silk weaving. Even amid these nntoward surroundings ho was blessed with poetic fancies, and at the early age of 13 a little volumo from his pen, bearing the title ol Poems and Chansons, was published in his native town of Tring, in Hertfordshire. Two years later he edited a paper called the Spirit cf Irecdom, and in the following year presented to his select circle of admirers another brochure, entitled Voices of Freedom and Lyrics of Love, His true education had now begun, and from that time forth he has been a pupil in the great school of the world, gathering pence and know ledge simultaneously, tho latter gradually accumulatiug, hut not the former. His im pulses have ever been deeply religions, and many of his earlier poems were Christian hymns, which still maintain their hold on public sympathy. Tho best known produc tions of his muse aro tho Ballad of Bab Crystabel and A Tale of Eternity, tho latter written and published utter he had become a believer in Spiritualism. When tho Rev. F. D. Maurice and other ardent ministers ol the Anglican Church sought to actualise the gospels in an association of Chris tian socialists, Massey became one of the secretaries to tho movement, and for some years -bent his energies eagerly to the work. It was not until he was about 40 years of age that his attention was directed to tho re velations affecting theological conceptions in course of being made by tho students of Egyp tology. A small pension granted liim on the civil list in 1863 afforded Jiiui a baro subsis tence, and for 10 or 12 years ho haunlcd the British Museum and sought to pierce the heart of tho mysteries concealed beneath tho quaint hieroglyphs of Egyptian monuments. In this quest ho received, as he acknowledges, kindly assistance from the distinguished Egyptologist then connected with tho museum, Dr. Samuel Birch. The claims of his household would havo precluded the possibility of his devoting his days and nights to his task had he not possessed the rare treasure of a wife, who, as ho has sometimes informed his audiences in Australia was a proficient in tho art of "living on nothing a year and saving money out of it." Tho results of his labors are given to the world in two bnlkv volumes, entitled, A Book of the Beginnings, which appeared, in 1880, followed three years later by two of equal size, but of a character more easily comprehensible to tho average student, called The Natural Genesis. These books have been bitterly denounced in some quarters as mislead ing and presumptuous compilations, hut they have also received considerable though cautious commendation. In the preface to the last publication, Mr. Massey says, "During a dozen years the writer has put his whole life into his labor, fully facing the fact that the most important parts of his work would be tho least readable, and that the mo;o thorough the research, tho more fundamental the interpretation the more remote would bo its recognition and tho fewer its readers. But the work is warranted to wait, and the author does not donbt that its com paratively few friends at first will be continually increased from many generations of genuine men and women." The work seems an unconge nial one for a poet to attempt, and that Massey possesses a genuine poetic faculty is made amply apparent from the following touching vsrses which he haa prefixed as a sort of orata- mental wreath to the entrance porch of The Natural Genesis: — At times I had to tread Where not a star was fauud To lead or light me, overhead Nor footprint on the gronndl I tolled among the aanda And atmnbled with my feet; Or crawled and climbed with kneea and handa . Soma future peth to Past. I bad to feel thmflow ' Of watera whelming me; No foothold to be touched beloa. No ahore around to aee. hsctures : Published by the Author Villa Bdidlghisn, JItw Souibgate,. Loudon. Yet, la my darkest nlpht, And farthest drill from land. There dawned within the guiding light; -I feltthe nnscen hand. Year after year went by# And watchers wondered when Tho direr, to their welcoming cry joy, would rlso agalu. And still rolled on Time's ware, That white.: as I; passed : "ri erinnd is getting toward the grave That I have reached nt last. Child after child would say— " clh, irhe/i /, fa ,r ork i is done, lather trill mine tcith ut and ptay"— 'TIs done. And play timc'a gone. A willing slave for years. I strove to set mcu tree ; M!Se Te" tic labors, hopes and fears, Bo theirs the victory. If it bo true that tho training of tlic schools is injurious to original thought hampering the mind with fixed and definite ideas that are not nocossarily veracious, and militating against the probability of advance save in a duly specified direction, it will bo seen from tho brief sketch wo have given of Gerald Massey's career that he started on his career of research possessed of tho advantage of nou-coinmittal. Ho claims that tho orthodox drivers in the mino of Egyptian litorature havo failed to discern the drift of their own revelations because it is so heretical. His own contention is that the principal facts of a miraculous character attri buted to Christ in the Christian Scriptures nre astronomical in their origin, and are all prcstatcd in the Egyptian Book of the Dead, and connected with their mythical heroes. Moreover, that tho origines of tho religious myths and symbols are to be sought in Africa rather than India, with tho Egyptian hiero glyphs as as a means of interpretation. He declines to follow tho customary road of philo logists and archæologists, and read back into the past the ideal of an omnipotent God, which he holds to be of comparatively late formation, and regards primitive man as dealing not with abstractions, but with concrete facts. He accepts tho theory of evolution in its completeness, and seeks to show how all tho theological conceptions of tho world have been evolved throughout untold ages from human observations of the universe. At the same time, having had, as he alleges, in his own life absolute knowledge that the universe contains developments of existence for humanity beyond the present, he maintains that savages believed in ghosts, not because they were misled by dreams, shadows and reflections in the water, as Herbert Spencer conceives, but because they saw, heard and were brought into contact with them. These theories are supported in Mr. Massey's books with a formidable array of facts and illustra tions calculated to appal the ordinary reader, who will be content to make their acquaintance in the abridged and concise shape they assume in the lectures now published. While asserting and backing up tho asser tion with a vast array of learning that Chris- tology is of astronomical origin — a theory which has been advanced with more or lees force by many writers — Mr. Massey argues that the only actual figure to be found answering to a portion of the Gospel story is that of Jesus or Jehosua Ben-Pandira, who lived and died in Judea a century before the commencement of the Christian era. This Jesus, who is referred to in the Talmud and is familiar to Jewish tradition, was a disciple of Jehosua Ben-Porachin, accom panied his master into Egypt, where he be came conversant in occult lore, and returning to his own country gained a small but en thusiastic following. He was condemned as a wizard by the Jews, and put to death by being hung upon a tree. The "blasphe mous writings of the Jews about Jesus," as Justin Martyr calls them always, according to Mr. Massey, refer to Jehosua Ben-Pandira, and not to the Jesus of the Gospels, regarding whom the ancient Jews persistently maintained their entire ignorance. Surrendering so much held as sacred through out Christendom, the actual belief in religious subjects retained by Mr. Massey may to some be an object of curiosity, It will be best gleaned by tho perusal of a passage ex tracted from his lecture on The Devil of Darkness in tho Light of Evolution : — " For myself, I have come to apprehend a Con scious Source of all, working outwardly from tho core of things, by means of what wo term matter, and understand as the Laws of Evo lution. A Conscious Source of all ! I cannot state that consciousness in words, but it ap pears to me that this is the work of phenomena which do actually state it in the process of appealing to or becoming tho Consciousness in us. But I am utterly unable to personify this Power ! Also, I find the essence of the whole matter is sacred to privacy. Tho more intu ition, the less blabbing ; tho more reverence, the more reticence. The facts of an abnormal or extraordinary nature that came under my own cognisance during many years of my life, which were continually occurring and verified, proved to me that Mind exists and operates out of sight ! By degrees these facts peopled tho unknown void with life and intelligent beings, that finally gave one bit oi foothold on the very first step of a ladder which will stand up tor the first time when one tries to prop it against the sky ! That one step bridges the dark void of death for mc. 1 don't trouble myself, for myself, about the other world at all — that's all right, if we are ! It is for this world people need to be helped. Life is not worth living if we are not doing some thing towards helping on the work of this world. It is only in helping others that we can truly help onrselves. And we have reason to think that myriads of those who have already left this life with false hopes of salvation are only too glad to help themselves by coming back and helping us to carry on the work of this world. it is only when we puss out of the domain of self that the unseen helpers can steal in upon us, and help us as Agents for others, and so on and on, until the whole vast universe is filled and quick with modes and motives, and forms of being all athrob with subtly related life ; all radiating from central source to uttermost limit ; all unified in one eternal consciousness, in which the soul of man, full statured and full summed, may possibly become conscious that it touches God at last, as a presence, a power, a principle, and may then be made aware that it did so uncon sciously from tho first. " It will be seen that although Mr. Massey rejects the current theology, root and branch, he stands at an uppuaite yJto lu lu« Auiei&i;, vtiiv regards all religions as impostures, and the spiritualistic hopes of the racejas based inorcly on falsehood and ignorance. The subversive effect of tho theory of Evo lution upon current theological ideals has come to be pretty generally recognised ; but no one has maintained it with greater insistency than Massey, or taken more trouble to support the hypothesis with illustrative facts. He traces the gradual development of man from animal origin, and seeks to show from the primitive roots of language, and the gesture communications which probably preceded speech, how syjnbols and ceremonials cherished in the name of religion originated. It is a specialty of his system that he insists upon keep-' ing the sphere of primitive man free from the metaphysical and abstract modes of thought which have become to the modern a second nature. Tho division of time into weeks, with names for the various days, sscred periods of time, reverence of certain names and things and abhorrence of others, all belong to the region of the abstract, and it is part of Massey's endeavor to demonstrate how they originated in the concrete and were trans formed into religions ideals. Beginning with crudest forms of natnre worship, he rejects all later conceptions of the mystery of the universe until they are presented in the records of the race. The universe, he holds, has taught man gradual discernment of its mysteries objectively, and the mistake the world makes is in consecrat ing as eternal truth ancient misapprehensions. The existing generation is capable of obtaining a correcter insight of the universe than any preceding one. Future generations will enjoy still better opportunities, and Massey firmly believes that the labor of his later life will help in their presentation. Time alone can show whether or not he is justified in entertaining .this conviction. 