OPENING PATRICK'S ' The formal consecration of St. Patrick's Hall, the very handsome building recently erected by the Roman Catholic congregation for school purposes, took place on Sunday morning before 11 o'clock mass. A procession yia& formed in the churchkgrounds, headed by the children of the Convent Schools bearing banners. ••. Next came the boys of the Christian Brothers'^ School, also with banners. The members of the Hibernian Society followed, bhd weresucceeded by acolytes bearing lighted tapera in front of tho Right Rev. Dr. Lanigain, "Roman Catholic Bishop of Obulbnrn, the Very Hev. P. Dunne, V.G., and the Rev. Fathers O'Connell and Hickey. In this order the procession filed into the new hall, where the ceremonies as prescribed by the church ritual for such occasions were duly performed. The procession was then re-formed and returned to the church, where mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father Hickey. The choir, tinder the direction of Mr. Caspers, acquitted itself very creditably. The "Kyrie " ana "Sanctus" were from Mozart'd 12th Mass, with Vanbery's " Credo " and Weber's "Agnus Dei." After mass a special sermon was preached by the &ejv.; Prior Boelbb, the text choBen being from St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesiano, chap, v., verse 9—" For the fruit of the light-id in all goodness, and justice, and truth." The preacher commenced by drawing attention in eloquent terms to some of the principal attributes and characteristics of light—the velocity with which it travelled, its noiselessneBs, the fact that upon its existence depended the being of all animal and vegetable life upon the face of the globe. In the very opening of the Bible they were told that the world Was without form and void until by the first act of creative power was produced this wondrous physical agent of light, revealing all the previously bidden beauties of the universe. Another characteristic of light was its absolute purity. A ray of light conning from the sun might pierce the gilded walls of the palace, might cheer the fever-stricken inmates of. the hospital, might penetrate into the sinks of corruption, but would itself remain pure and incorrupt. Illumining-; all things, itself,remained unchanged—pure and holy. Then there>-writhe, absolute - necessity -for. this agent -for al^hutnW 1 Wants anft ill human progress. Not a blade of grass would gtow' : without it. Not a steamer ploughe 1 the ocean bpt w^s, propped by light and heat of the sutt J stored u'plh the bowels of the earth in days long gonk by; The preacher tnepf went on to institute a comparison be jtween the action ;of physical light and the ' resuit of the operation of 0o<r« Holy. Spirit" on the mind andqpt^lof. man. .As the one light was the sotttce and Fountain'ot all material existence, so the other was the origin of life in the soul. At the death of our Lord the ApOstles became the Lux Mundi—light of the world. They were the teachers and piasters pi the . Church of Godj and there was an obligation on all men to learn the truth. But how did welcome to learmthe truth 2 In the ca&e; of the Apostles it w^s imparted by the Holy Ghost in a miraculous manner. Christ gave His. Church power to teach all things. It migh t be ffud that secular truths—scientific and other cognate matters—ware not included ; tbat-tht- Apostles were merely to: teach what was necessary. Granting that, hb could not shut bis eyes to the fact that the teaching of mbral and metaphysical truths was by no means excluded irom the iwork of God's Church. 1 1 had been said that the Catholic Church wan an ebemy of the truth, but there could faot be a falser charge ; and it was evident from the history pt the church that there wais no institution in the world which had 'sliowh a tithi of the sacrifice that the Catholic Church had made in the interests ol truth. There was not a university in Europe which had uot been founded by 4he church, and even -when hunted into the catacombs the priests of the church had been the instructors ol the people in the arts and sciences. In the Middle Ages, when Europe was overrun with Goths, Huns, and Vandals, it was the Catholic Church that kept the lamp ol science still burning; and every monastery was a school—a school, moreover, where no distinctions were made, but whiere the child of the peasant was treated the same as the child of the noble. It was not till after the so-called Reformation that the universities became exclusive, and it was only now that it was beginning once more to be recognised that these colleges were meant not for a class, but for the people. There was no denying the triumphs of education, but it remained for this 19th century to learn that the Catholic Church was opposed to education. If the State was really anxious for the education of the people, it might be said that in thiB respect the Church and State were in harmony ; but there was autagonism, and the question arose as to which was in fault. Well, he could not more particularly explain the divergence than by pointing out that whilst the State desired an education without morality, the Catholic Church stood put for the inclusion of personal sanctification and holiness, which it held to be necessary to true education. To educate was to instruct, and to instruct meant uot only to put truths into the mind, but to teach the mind to appreciate truths. A man might possess a vast fund of information and be far Irom an educated man in the best sense of the term. Tho very derivation of the word "education " showed that it meant a -drawing out of the powers of the mind and soul. Humanity was subject to certain passions, and unless^ mag wen taught to command these he could not b^ said to be plroperly educated. Npw. when were these to be restrained if not in youth? The Scripture said, " Train up a child in the way he should go," &c.;, and if the opportunity for this teaching were not taken in youth they would train up, not a child, but a monster. And what was true of the individual was also true in regard to the nation—it might be intellectual, but without morality and virtue it must ultimately become the seat of decay and corruption. Theman who was not taught honesty, charity, sobriety, and chastity, had lfe&rned; nothing. It was said that when people were educated they would spontaneously recognise the beauty of truth and virtue, but he wpuld ask had there ever been a nation that had justified this expectation? Europe was goiog back to paganism.' They did not absolutely worship stocks and stones—they were more intellectual than that—but the principles, the objects, and the tendencies of the movement were practically towards a renunciation of Christianity. Instead of bowing down before statues, they bowed down before Self and wealth. Love of power was the Moloch now worshipped. The tendency of modern thought was to exclude all idea of another world. The cry was—"Let us have an educated people ! Away with religion !" That meant " Away with Jesus! Away with holiness !" After some further remarks forcibly deploring the spread of infideliam in all parts of the world, the preacher concluded by an earnest appeal to all—Catholics and non-Catholics— to assist the members of the Roman Catholic Church in their efforts to obtain justice from the State in the matter of education. It was the right of every man to educate his children in -his own religious belief, and if the State chose, rightly or wrongly, to assume the parent's responsibility in regard to education, it was bound to respect that right and make provision for religious teaching. It did not do so, and it was absurd to contend that the omission of a couree of instruction which could only be efficiently imparted as a substantive part of the regular daily teaching could be made good by any supplementary teaching by the father after his day's work. The sermon^ of which the above is a brief sketch, was couched in very well-chosen terms, and. lasted over an hour,. At the close, The Bishop of Godlbobn addressed a few words to the congregation. When the building of the^hall was first suggested he had written to their late pastor, pointing oat that it qras rather a big undertaking, and might seem to imply an intention to let the hall to travel* ling companies, a purpose Which he Bhotild I" not approve of the hall being applied to. ' Dr. Dunne, however, in reply, said ne had no idea of Rising the hall for anything but a school or for meetings for Catholic purposes, and he (the Bishop) had written to express his delight to find that the spirit of the people was large enough to contemplate the undertaking of so large a work, and to state that the movement had his hearty sympathy. The debt on the building, he understood, was about ,£2000, but he had no doubt they would have very little difficulty, in clearing off that encumbrance when they had already paid off ^30,000. The building was a credit'to the people and an or nament to'the town. The Very Rev. P. Dunne announced that the following subscriptions had already been promised :—The Bishop of Gonlburn, £10; Very Rev. P. Dunne, .£25.; Mr. P. E. Fallon, £25 ; Mr. M'Lennab, j£25 ; Sisters of Mercy, £2. A collection was then made in aid of the building fund, and a large amount was received. 