AH OLD STORY RE-TOLD FISHER'S GHOST. Ik the "year 182G there lived at Campboll town two persons who had beon transported to New South Wales. They were Fred oriole Fisher anil George Worrall; they wore friends and lived together. Fisher owned & farm and some stoclc, On the night of Juno 17, Fisher was in Canipbelltown, aud loft'a public-house thero in company with other persons. Some of those persons shortly afterwards camo buck to the'inn aud askod for Fishur, slating that they wanted to.get money from him co purchase liquor. Fisher was never after ooeii alive. His disappearance gavo rise to much remark, tuid his friend Wonall told people that he had loft the coloiiy to escape a prosecution for forgery, and had sailed in a ship the uame of which ho gave, Worrall further stated that. Fisher had .authorised , him to deal with his property, and ho offered for sale ahorse and some timbor known to^ be long to the supposed absconder. The written "authority was never produced, but a docu ment in reference to the horse was shown, and was at ones seen to boa forgery by those who knew Fisher's signature. Wor rall lost no time in going to Svduey to Mr D.Cooper, to whom Fisher was in debt somo 580, and offered to pay this debt pro- • vided tho"deeds of Fishor's farm, held by Cooper as security, were given up to him. This Caoper refused to do, and having questioned Worrall very closely about Fisher's disappearance, he suspected from WorraU's manner that Cooper had beon made away with. Cooper had an iutimate knowledge of Fisher, and was satisfied in Ins own mind that he had no moans for leaving tho colony. • Tho ship, too, in whifch "Worrall said Fisher had sailed was not known to have been in Sydney Harbour. Cooper did not express his thoughts to "Wor rall but bo did so to another person, who told Woo-all of Cooper's suspicions, and observed his agitation wlum so told. In October (four months after Fisher's dis appearance), tho authorities thought it necessary to tako some action. A reward was offered, and Constable G-aorge Lorland was instructed to soarch for his body. He commenced fclio scareli at a spot about 50 rods from Worrall's place, and where some Wood was found sprinkled on the rails of a fonce. It was noticed that au attempt had been made to burn tho fence at this spot, as though to destroy-the blood marks. Two aborigiuals joined him in - the. search from this spot and the party came to n waterholu in a creek. Gilbert, oue of thd, blacks, weut into tho water scumming off something from tho surface with a maize leaf, smelt and ta-ited it, and said it was "white man's fat." Led by the nativos, they weut to another spot 40 yards further, when one of the blacks struck an iron rod iuco Iho ground into a marshy spot and •called out that there>was something there. Tho place was dug aud tho body of Fishor, very much decomposed, was found. _ Au ' inquest was held and a. verdict of wilful murder was found against some person or persons unknown. Worrall, and a* man jiamed Laurence and another, were appre hended . Worrn 11 was tn e on ly oue put upon his trial, and on evidence wholly circumstantial was convicted and executed. Early on the .morning of his execution he confessed to the late Rev. Y/. Cowper that he had killed Fisher by misadventure; that he and Fisher we*e driving a liorso from out of a crop of wheat; and he made a blow at the horse . with a paliug, and accidently hit Fisher and killed him. That ho becaniQ alarniad lest ■ lie should be accused of murder, iiid the body first in the reeds, And then where it was afterwards found. Such is the story as told, without auy ombellishmet or hint «5r* of' supernatural agency, in the" "Sydney Gazette," the " Monitor" and the " Austra lian": of the Jirst week in February, 1827, The "Monitor" contains-, some editorial comment, and remarks upon "the almost miraenlons,discovory four months after the murder had boon committed." The words " almost miraculous," evidently referring only to the discovery after sncli a lapse of time. This story, when, so far, seems plain and simple c-nougli and not requiring much acumen to unravel, became celebrated for the assertion that a supernatural mani festation led to the discovery ol the mur derer. It is stated that a man named Farley, leaving Campbslltowu oue night with pro bably some grog on hoard, having parted froui his boon coiuViuinus returned to them •" appearing in a frightened condition, with a statement that lis had seen the ghost of Fisher at the slip-panel leading to hi3 house, and that the appearance pointed to the pad . dock. ■■ Tho ghost was dressod in the ordhi-' stry. every-day garments of the period, in fact in Fisher's clothes. There can be no doubt whatever that, Fisher's body and clothes were under tb'e ground and rapidly becoming in a very decomposed and un presentable ami (with regard to _ the ciothes especially) very . rotten condition. If the ghost really wore Fiohor's clothes, "one w mders how ssicli an nnsubsf.antiality could support their weight, unless, indeed. i(bntthis is t'vi fanny, or too dreadful, to •coiitemplat.i), ulnslipn— material clothes— paaj'-lxiiuLaii svibhmo aud spiritualised and be invested with a futuro cxislotjoc. ' flu this condition, will they wear out?) But perhaps ghosts aro ablo to wear cloths. I once saw ji.hcT hoard the ghost of HmnJot's fatiior in very creaky boots ; I cannot say that their noisiness added to the solemnity. It in n, consolation to know, at all events, that in spirit land decenc}' at least is strictly preserve.1. But may wo not seek for a rationalistic theory to account for this ghost? The ghost is not reported to havo been scon until four months had elapsed after the time oftho lmirdor. It did not appear until thoso who know .Fisher became perfectly satis fied that he did uot leave the colony, and that Worrall's statement about him must have boon untruthful. It was proved that the night ho was missed ho had loft a public house in the company of several persous. None of these seamed to bo called at the trial. It is most likely that others then know of, if indeod they did uot parti cipate in, the murder. What had been donewas probably known to a discovery by Parley, and ho then invontod tho whole story to ease conscience of a burden to carry any longer. This gavo a clue which, when followed up, led to tho discovery of tho body. The neighbours, who wore of the same class as Fisher and Worrall were not likely to havo boon deceived by Worrall's lies. They were probably too loyal to one of thoir number to state openly what they know. The blood on tho fenco,the attempt to buru it out, most probably was known to some of them. Othor thoories suggest themselves, but I venture to think that the abovo is most likely to be tho correct one. It has boon suggested tho story of tho ghost having been soon at all waa a mythical growth of a lator day. In contra diction of this idea, I havo tho authority of a correspondent who was intimately con nected with a gentlemou who had chargo of tho police in the district when tho murdor was dono,' to the effect that Farley's story did suggest the search for the body in tho ' ereok. But evon so, this does not prove that Farley saw a ghost, but rather strength ens the solution given above. I am in-, formed thai; tho first time tho story ap peared in print, it was an almanac publish ad in tho colony, and was written by a Mr. Kerr, who at or about tho time was a tutor in the family of Mi*. Howo, of OHoneo. It is shortly referred to in Montgomery . Mar tin's book on the colonies, published in 1885\. Ho ovidontly had implicit faith in thd ghost, and writes of " the discovery of tho murder as ouo of tho inscrutablo dis pensations of .providence." In " Tegg's Monthly Annual" for March, 188G, the story is told, with much imaginative dotail, aud ovidontly for the purpose of fur nishing" an interesting story rathor than an ascertained mattor of fact, Tho story has- lately been issued in Lang's Criminals and their Schemes,'! ro-published bv an intorprising Sydney bookselling com pany under the title of " Botany Bay." In this version the locality and the. persons therein montionod wore in no way conuedtod with the real story of Fisher's murder. It is to be remarked that duriug the hear ing of fcho case, the .man who is said to havo seen the ghost gave no evidence,'- nor is there any allusion whatever; bo anything •supernatural having be^n supposed to bo manifested. It is also curious that the blacks should have led tho party to the placc where the body was found. They are very observant, aud most likely had previously seen marks and indications that, now a clue was given, they had no difficulty in following up. . . 