"DORA DUNBAR." ttoveilst. AH AUSTRALIAN STORY. u "BY BONA' CHAPTER XV.— (Continued.) Sometimes, in a fergetful frame, wo turn to her room as in days of yore, for advice \- and encouragement, only to be confronted by her vacant couoh. _ And, in the wet cold nignis ins; iuuuw,uu» hard it seems to shut her oni in the ram and darkness, while we gather round the hearth, even though we know it is but the shell and the casket lying there— that the pearl, the preciouB gem, it held is safe m :V- ; God'B keeping. I" ' 1 CHAPTER XVI. It is little more than forty. eight hours 'va after burying our dead, that the final blow <% falls. . „ \- « I am sitting beside the dining-room fare, listlessly looking into its depths, and thinking half-bitterly, half regretfully of Norton 4,-;- Fowler's share in my past, thinking what comfort I might have derived from his love . during these dark, dark days, had he been : true to his better nature, when the chief sud- denly enters, his face ghastly and horror- h : stricken, and tosses to Ag, whose presence I \- " 'had been almost oblivious of, a telegram "Misfortunes never come singly 1" he \- groans, striding out of the reom, without \- another word (and shutting himself into the den, as a slam of the door proclaims. " What i3 it, Ag?" I ask apprehensively, noting the sadden awful horror thst dilates her eyes, and blanches her cheeks, " What is i it ?" I repeat in impatient agony, half-fright ened by her stony anguish. Once, twice, she tries to speak, but m vain, < The third time the one word "Freddie' makes itself heard. Its utterance seems to break the spell, and mechanioally Bhe hands me the paper, but I tnm from it with a shudder, remembering the one I got at Sun- A ' nyside. . . " No, tell me,— is she ill?" I ery, fearing I i know not what. "111?— worse I" shudders Ag, bowed and . broken-looking. . " Worse ?— not dying oh, not aymg 1 it cannot be 1" , , "Dead I" and with the word she falls on her knees beside me, and, with her arms around me and her head in my lap, she breaks into a storm of sobs that terrify, and, taken -" in conjunction with her terrible news, be- wilder me totally. . . . Dead ! can it b8 possible ? — she, our bright, Vc beautiful, beloved sister — dead! I could \- laugh aloud at the thought, in my disbelief. \- : That young, vigorous, beautiful life cut Bhozt 1 that gay, sweet voice hushed, those sunny eyes sealed for ever 1 and all her new-born wealth of mother-love and wifely- worship da.ad with her 1 . O, baby Bruce; poor, little _ motherless Waif! I could almost hate you in the first heat of our new fire of affliction 1 Is it any wonder that he, your sorely-striken sire, should shrink, for a time from the sight of \- -". your sweet innocent face, knowing that your ' birth has cost his darling's life ? God eom- \- , fort him, and guide thee, poor babe— so un- >' conscious of thy loss I ... „ \- 'For nearly twenty minutes Ag clings, , weeping wildly, to me, deaf to my Bootbrag words, insensible to aU my caresses, then gradually she grows ealm, and turns com- Jorter for the benefit of the rest, pf- us; first w telling me the substance of tte telegram. It is very brief, simply conveying the sad n<""?, and promising particulars by the first " Taken away from the evil to eome." Sutherland's words recur to us both, and > gratefully we thank God that she was spared this crushing blow. Even as we dwell upon those strangely prophetic syllables, Mrs. Sutherland arrives, her own grief swallowed up in the greatness of her sympathy for us. But why dwell upon the long weary hours of sad waiting that follow ? or even upon the contents of poor Lex's heart-broken letter?— tbey, indeed, are too sacred to be lightly ex- v po4d to every eye. Enough that it is too frue —that dreadful telegram,— that she, the flower of the family, the pride and joy of her husband's heart is truly under the sod- bidden from our earthly eyes for ever. She had never recovered her strength after '- her baby's birth, seeming at first to do well, > then, gradually, fading away, wasting to a ; skeleton almost, so thin and weak, but to the last sweet and unselfish, cheering him with \- confident assurances of their future meet- messages she sent us all, bidding us ' ' sneoiallv be good to her "boys," for her sake, and advising Lex to leave New Zealanfi, Jheie he had neither kith nor kin, and re- \- turn to his old home. _ \- - Bat that neither duty nor inclination will \- sanction at present. The land that holds ' her dust, is dearer to him than even the land of parents, home, and friends, and for her little one's sake he must not- lightlys resign 1 the nost that means independence, and eat the bread of idleness ; for there is no opening \- for him in S-, nor much prospect of there King one. . Besides, in work, he Pan best forget his lo'ss, he tells us, and work he does "so hard that he knooks himself up most, ' ? % jW; ' r pronouncedly . and three or four months later finds himself ordered home on sick leave for three months. There I find him looking the ghost of the old time Lex, poor fellow 1 when 1 return for the Christmas vacation, for I had insisted on going back to my work at Camborough, des pite the mute entreaties of Ag's wistful eyes, and the chiefs suggestion to relinquish it. There was nothing for me to do at home in oar diminished household, as I told them, and I mast have something to fill my thoughts, and take me out of myself. Reluctantly, they had consented at last to my continuing it for another year, hopiug then, I might resign it of my own accord. My Sunnyside friends had met me on my return with a genuine sympathy that tried my control sorely, and vied with eaoh other in their kindness to me. Nance I find quite recovered, and looking health and beauty personified, She has at length consented to "name the day," and, ; rather to Mr. Alexander's disgust, has fixed it I for no less distant a date than St. Valen- I tine's day, that being also her birthday. Slewly the weeks pass by, despite all I I can do to make them fly— working hard | during school hours, and harder still stndy- K ing for matriculation in my spire time, for I in Btudy now I find forgetfulaess. and I calm. c Twice a week I go into C — for lessons I and it is on one of these occasions that, on '(leaving my tutor's residence and ealling for letters at the post, I receive the following precious epistle. Fernlea, Tuesday evening, My dear Miss Dunbar, Let my anxiety to render you the full ex planation that is your due plead for ray presumption in thus addressing you, and in justice to yourself do not act upon what will most probably be your first impulse, and return this unread. Do not think for a moment I mean to make excuses for myself, or try to gloss over my vile conduct. Let that stand in all its black, cowardly treachery, it will the sooner quench the last spark of your regard, supposing that even one remains, and to forget me is the wisest thing you can do now. Aye, forget me, forget that I ever entered you life, though, till my dying day, 1 shall cherish a fond rememberance of your every word and look. I love you too well to wish you to preserve even the faintest memory of me, for remembrance must mean aught but happiness or pleasure in this case, and you have had your share of sorrow and pain of late— may the future recompense you amply for the past. But to eome to the point. I deem it only right to tell you that as deeply as I loved you when I asked you to become my wife, I love you still, more deeply on the principle that forbidden fruit gains in sweetness ; tha unattainable becomes all-desirable 1 From the first hour I met you and fell under the spell of your loveliness, till the present moment, my passion haB been a part of my life, and will be till I cease to exist. Does this horrify your sense of right? my loving one woman with all my soul, and perjuring myself to gain another's gold. " The love of money is the root of all evil," truly, now-a- days as of old, and with N. F., especially. Picturesque poverty I can form no concep tion of. Penury is my pet antipathy, and to be hard up with others depending on me — the thought is enough 1 I should desert them or commit suicide. Am I painting myself plainly enough ? It is not a sweet picture, is it ? . No, the change is not in you, but in my altered circumstances. As the manager of Fernlea, I had a comfortable home, if not a luxurious one, to offer my wife, but as Norton Fowler, minus position and proapeots, existence on a pound a week, perhaps, to share. My marriage will be purely a bargain —the rent-roll of LilKca for my youth and good looks, my bride elect tell3 me. I may flatter myself on the possession of the latter without vanity, and for youth— I am only twenty-eight in years, but thrice that in worldly-wise foresight, eh? Have I said enough to make you . loathe and despise me even as I despise myself ? In one way I hope so, bat despise me, forget me if you will, yet pity me a little, too, for, villain and coward as I am, my punishment is hard to bear. Tied for life to a woman I do not even profess to love, who bores and irritates me every hour of the day, thrioe her wealth could not reconcile me to my loss of your sweet self. Who would envy me ? Perhaps the — " But here contempt and disgust get the better of me, and crunching the paper into a ball, I thrust it into my pocket with angry vehemence. " Miserable wretch !"., I mutter to mySelf, "it would. serve him right to send it to his 1 bride elect' as he calls her, but between her infatuation and his lack o i conscience, he'd convince her it was a forgery." " What's the matter, Dot ? something has upset your serenity, " Nance's voice breaks in on my soliloquy, as I near the gato of her mother's cottage. Drawing her into her own room I give her the letter with a curt — "Biad thai." Puzzled, but obedient, she doss so, and I watcli her face with its lightning changes of expression while she reads. Surprise, contempt, indignation, disgu ft chase each other across it, and confirm my own opinion. "Well?" I say sharply, as she silently hands it back. " Don's speak of. bim, Dot, he's beneath your notice," she advises gontiy, then, oun- osity proving stronger than her resolve, " Whoa did he propose, dear ?" " The day he drove me. down in his dog cart." " And you — " " Said ' yes,' after a week's consideration. But enough of him Nanoe. I wiBh the widow joy of her bargain." " You are well rid of him, dear ; don't regret him." "I don't now. That letter outed me," 1 laugh, bitterly. "When does the wedding take place, Nance?" " Next Thursday, I heard yesterday." .; "InC-?" » Yes, at the English church." " Thursday — that is fete day, is it not?" " Yes, or to quote the C— News, our ' An nual Athletio Sports.' " "And a school holiday! Nance, I must get in for it." " The fete ?" "No, the wedding." " Dot, do you mean to make a death's head of the feaBt ?" " I mean to make Norton Fowler sec my mania is over." "As you please, ma chere . The church will bo crowded, I think, for it's to be a grand affair as dress goes, though only intimate friends are invited. He wanted a private wedding, . Mrs. Baynor told me, but she insisted cn asking her hundred and one particular friends, and being married in the church." . " Wise woman, after paying so much for him, why shouldn't she exhibit him?" " Cynic ! are we to be present then ?" " Aud fitness the sacrifice — yes." " Can you calmly look on it ?" " Wait and see— I think so." . ' Be up in good time then, wa mustn't Jba late," she says, as tha buggy comes round to the gate. « " All right," I promise, as I follow Mrs. Arcroft out to it, stopping a moment to say good-bye to Mrs. Stair. "In time for- what, Dot?' asks Mrs. Aroroft, as we bowl along. " Mr. Fowler s wedding on Thursday." " Oa, you heard of it, then ?" ouri- ously. " Yes, and I want you to drive me into see it," I say, coaxingly. "Gold won the day after all, Dot?" she ventures, in half tender, half- sarcastic tones, " I hope he may be as happy as he deserves. It's a picy, for his sake, you hadn t a ' Lilliea' to take him to." " And a blessing for mine," I laugh. " That sounda like soar grapes, eh ? but it s not. Like Lady Clare,' I want to be loved for 1 my own true worth.' " " I'm glad to hear it, Dot," she says earnestly, " I should never forgive myself if I thought that by making him so welcome always, I had helped him to deceive you at ail." " Never think that, dear Mrs. Arcroft. I was deceived in bim for a time, I candidly confees, but my eyes are open now, and I resign him to the widow without a regret. " That'B good news to me, and in gratitude for it, I promise to drive you in to see the knot tied, if all's well." She is as good as her word, and Thursday morning finds us, on tha stroke of eleven, simmering in the crowded ehuroh, waiting for the wedding party. Three, four, five minutes pass, then the carriages dash up to the ehuroh, and a moment later the bride enters on her brother's arm, his face expressing the dis approbation he feels. She is fearfully and wonderfully resplendent in ruby brocade, the bodice fitting her substantial figure with a tightness Buggestive of an explosion, with a of diamonds at her throat, ears and wrists, and in her hair. Entering by another door her bridegrom advances, and meets her at the communion, in front of /the old clergyman. Handsome and self-possessed, h$ goes through his share of the solemn service with outward indiffer ence. « Till aeath do us part." As the words fall on my ears I reoall his written ones— II Tied for life to a woman I do not even profess to love," and I wonder if he remembers them too. The ceremony ever, he makes no effort to foil tbe " best man's" determination to obtain '-he first kiss, but coolly drawing his wifeV »rui through his, leads hex to the vestry 5 Then the crowd slowly files, out so slowly that Nance and 1 are only emerging from our pew is the bridal party re- appear, and my funereal figure in it's deep mourning is the first thing they see. That he sees it the dark- tel flush that dyes his face declares, and his eyes fall before mine, but only for a moment ; then, bowing slightly, he hurries on. After the breakfast the "happy pair," start for Sydney, where they spend the honey moon. And thus ends that chapter of my life. CHAPTER XVII. Christmas Eve beholds my return to S — for three weeks. Vio, a tall, slender, gentle manly youth of sixteen now, is on the station to meet me, and Ag's sweet face gleams radiantly from the cab he leads me to. " I couldn't come any further, dear," she says, softly, glancing down at a small, chubby figure in her arms— a bright, bonny bit of humanity, whose big bine eyes and snnny curls proclaim him Freddie's son. "Bruce? Ag! give him to me," I cry. hastily, returning her kiss as I bend to take him. si "Isn't he like her, Ag?" I murmur, alternately, kissing him and staring him out of countenance, "What a splendid little fellow. 1 Is he as good as this alwayB ?" A question Master Bruce answers himss li by setting up a lusty roar, and shrinking shyly from my strange face. " Oh, hush 1 Here take him, Ag," bund ling him Into her arms in dismay, " stoi him if you can." That she does speedily, the mite seem; already to know and love her, then she applies herself to answering my many questions till we reaoh home. Home! It scarcely seems that with out the all-jvrevading influence of our sweet invalid, mother. And the worn, altered fac bf Lex at the drawing- room window adds to its strangeness, as, with drooping frame and feeble step he comes to meet us, I recall roj last glimpse of him on his Wedding-day, ar> U. e contrast moves me to tears. 1 / Dora 1" he says, with forced cheerfulness. ' is it really you ? — really the little pali student of two years ago ? Time has been a generous friend to yon, as far as beauty and bloom are concerned, ma chere" "Ay, but how bitterly, how hardly that same time had dealt with me iu the mattsi of my dear ones 1" I remind myself, return ing his salutation, and at the thought my lip - quiver painfully, forbidding speech. & Altogether it is a sad home-coming, and the days that follow are dreary and joyless- full of memories of the missing faees that leave suoh gaps in our circle. Lex we see little of, but baby Bruce almosi. lives with us — Ag and he being inseparable ; lives with us entirely, indeed, for a fortnight of my visit, owing to a sudden relapse that almost leaves him doobly-orphaned. The chief takes a wonderful fancy to the little sprite, and spends minutes at a time playing and romping with him, as I am sure he never did with us, and Ag and Vic via with eaoh other in their efforts to spoil him, and I must plead guilty to aiding them. Uneventfully my holidays pass, and'a week after the; New Tear I set out on my 'return to Gamborongh, accompanied by Vio, whose delight at the prospect of a month's hunting, etc., at SunnyBide, is boundless. Mrs. Arcroft had taken a great liking to his frank, laughing face in my album, aud enjoyed my stories of his quips and pranks so muoh, that I had strict orders to hring him baqk with me if only for a month. The chief had hesitated a little before consenting, plunging poor Vio into unfathomable dispair, and transporting him thence, to the seventh heaven of delight, by finally granting him a month's holiday. At onr journey's end, we find Mr. Aroroft and his better half, with the drag awaiting us, and, after a hearty welcome, I bundle in at the back with the latter, while Vio finds himself in his element, perched at Mr. Ar- croft's side behind Pysche and Hebe. "And how is Nance?" is my first ques tion. " Well," laughs her sister, " in health, but who can 'minister to a mind diseased?' Nance is a victim to the green-eyed monster." " Nonsense 1" " It's the truth, Dot." > " 'Maybe, but I dinna think so,' " I quote merrily. " Who is she ?M " That's the beat of it— it isn't a she at all." " Who then ?" "Mr. Langdon— Wtftty Langdon." " Who is he ?" " Dot," 'do yon mean to say that, knowing Gilbert tbe last six months, you don't know who Watty Langdon— " " Siayt" laughingly interrupting Jjer, "I remember, Mr. Langdon is- Gilbert's 'own familiar friend,' is he not ?— his voluminous Queensland correspondent ?" ' Yes, but he is baok for good, and Gilbert, in his delight, neglected Nance for two whole honrs, and so won Watty a place in her ; black books.'- ' " Not ho— she's too sensible and unselfish for that. What is Mr. Langdon like 7" "Tall and dark, rather melancholy-look- iBg. He has the finest dark ey es I ever saw, and the sweeteBt Bmile— it qnite alters his expression, which is nsually grave to tot- biddingness." " I like the description. When shall I see him?" " This day week. We are going to have a kangaroo hunt at Mt. Trewan and he's coming." "Next Saturday I Won't Vic be de lighted '" "No doubt — we got it up in his honor, and he's to ride Inez. Do you think he can manage her ?" . . " Oh, I think so ; but, Mrs. Arcroft, isn't it too soon — " , " I understand ypu, dear," she says, gently as I falter and finally break down, " but I think 'not. There'B only Mr. Langdon and Gilbert coming, besides ourselves, and you and I are to drive over, after the banting - party. Vio mnsn't go home without seeing a Jittle life in the West. During the following week, Vio is the con stant companion of Mr. Aroroft and Nance in their daily rides, striking up a friendship with the latter, that each day cements more firmly. The exercise agrees with him, and improves his appearance wonderfully, trans forming him into a "positively handsome youth," as I condescendingly inform him, my reward for the information being a fillip in the ear, and a brotherly injunction to be "civil to my superiors." The fateful Saturday dawns at length, bright and breezy, and, after an early breakfast, we set off for Mt. Trewan, Nance,i n her blue habit and shady hat, look ing grace and happiness personified, rides off with Gilbert, closely followed by Mr.Langdon, bis host and Vic, after whom pome the boundary riders and all the Btation dogs, Mrs. Arcroft and I bringing up the rear with a buggy load of good things in the eatable line- . . The arive is a delicious one, up hill and down dale, along soft sandy roads, that wind, white and cool, through dusty wattle groves, and across broad brown heaths, then through a great fern-carpeted forest of stringy-bark, till finally we emerge at the foot of steep, bald Mt. Trewan. Beside a splendid spring at its foot we picnic for an hoar or so, dis cussing cold chicken and cream cakes, and Christmas festivities, and kangaroo hunts alternately. , Then the hunters ride off, leaving Mri Arcroft and me to repack the hampers, after which we pile the buggy rug and cushions on the ground, and lazily lounge and talk the time away, with, for variety's sake, a little reading from " Romola." "Not to read, and reading not to appreci ate ' Romola,' mean3 a deficiency in one's 'moral nature," a gentleman visitor had averred a week before, and Nance had straightway obtained a copy, read it, and raved over it Bince, "proof positive of no lack in her moral nature," she gravely as sured ns, though I warrant she skipped pages. It is late in the afternoon when the hunters return, tired, but well pleased with their sport, Vib especially elated, haying been complimented by the rest on his fearless riding. "What do you think of the country, Vic ?" asks Mrs. Arcoft. " I never saw anything like it, it's 1 wild Australia1 with a. vengeance," says Vio. " It reminds me of Gordon's ride after the bush rangers." " Spare us, Vic I" I cry, fingers in ears, " we all know what you mean, it's something about — " Hard behind them through the timber, harder still across the heath, Right behind them, through the tea-tree scrub we dashed, And the golden-tinted fernleaveB, how they rustled underneath, And the honeysuckle osiers, how they crashed I " Stop him, some one, please." "Not need," he answers lugubriously, " Hearing Gordon murdered in that fashion has subdued me." " That's a rap for your reoiting powers,", laughs Nance, who shares his mania for Gordon. "A well-merited one," gravely asserts Gilbert, while Mr. Langdon puti in— "Miss Dnnbar. have vou the courage to condemn Gordon in present company? Don't you know we Western district folks take a particular pride in him, and are all his ardent admirers 1" " I know, but, Mr. Langdon, let me quarter you for a month with one of his devotees — Vic, for example— wbo is raving about « The Wreck' etc., from dawn to dark, and I'll warrant you'll wish Gordon had died young." " Come, Doll, in your might remember mercy,' " cries Vic. " Can't you turn the tables on her, Vic ?" laughs Gilbert. " Tell us whoBe poems Bhe pesters you with?" 'Don't know his name," says Vic,, his eyes sparkling wickedly, " but I remember a verse or two she made our lives miserable with," and assuming a sentimental air he drawls— You may forget the woman, J may forget the man, But the perfume of the lilies Forget it if you can. A shout of laughter rewards his mimiory. "Go on, Vio, give us some more,' cries Nance ; " it is Dot seen under new oirenm- stances to us. What is the name of that piece ?" " 'Day lilies,' I think. I don't know any more of it, but there's another favourite of hers makes me wiBh I was afflicted with deaf- ness, though its such a happy blending of the earth earthy with the celestial, that I suppose I should admire it. It runs— You require that your mutton should always That your socka end your shirts should be whole, I require that your heart should be true as God's stars, " And pure as His heaven your soul." " Mutton and heaven, humph 1" comments Mr. Langdon whimsically, surveying my scarlet cheeks: " I must say I'm with Vic on Gordon's side, Miss Dunbar." "And I ! and 1 1" laughingly chorus the rest. "Come, good people," cries Mrs. Arcrolt from the buggy, " if you want to recruit the inner m&n; before we start for home, hurry up ; there's no time to waste." Scrambling up, we make our way to her, and hastily " enatoh a mouthful," as Mr. Aroroft calls the meal wa make. Then the fliaYica are packed, the ponies harnessed, and the hunters' horses led round. "Are you ready, Martha?" cries Mr. Arcroft, looking on, with an indifference bora of ten years' matrimony, at Gilbert tucking her into the buggy. " In one moment," the latter replies. " You can start— Nance and I'll see the ladies off." „ " All' right, come on Langdon 1 oome, Vic I and off they canter, followed by the pair of us in the buggy, with the lovers m the rear. < ,, Presently they pass us for " a race .on the heath," as Gilbert informs us, apd in a minute ate oat of 'flight. c - . . - -d Si-i-. ' ji-- ' Easily we bowl along through the timber chatting idly over the doings of the day, and blissfnlly ignorant of the tragedy eo Boon to Jake place. The sun is low in the west, as waemerge from the timber on to the heath, and, Bhining into our eyes dazzles them so that we are glad to regain the shelter, or shade rather of the trees on the far side of the heath. Merrily we pursue our way, winding in and out among the tall " sons of the forest," bordering it, till we come saddenly on a little group blocking the road— a gronp we had not noticed sooner, so absorbed had we been in steering dear of the many trees on each aide. Full length across the track lies Gilbert, motionless, his head pillowed on Nance's breast, while she strives to stanah the blood, staining with its red stream the dear face al ready set in the pallor of death. " Good God !" eried Mrs. Aroroft, throwing me the reins and springing down to them, " What is wrong, Nance ?" Nance — is it Nance's face that confronts ob? that gray, stony, expressionless mask? is it her voice that in hard, monotonous tones explains : " Wildfire bolted and ran into that tree." "Great Heavens 1 is he muoh hurt, Nance ?" "Hurt? No — he doesn't suffer— killed on the spot," she said, in the same strange me- ohanical way, brushing baok with her blood stained hands, his thick curls. " Dot, Dot, it haB turned her brain 1 What are we to do ?" wails Mrs. Arcroft, wringing her hands in agony, as she turns to me sit ting sick with horror behind the ponies. " We must get help," I return inanely. " Yes, but how ? I daren't leave her, and you can't drive." "No, but I can ride," pointing to Nance's horse near by — a horse that, under less des perate circumstances, nothing would tempt me to mount. " Will the ponies stand?" " I think so, I don't know — never mind them. Oh, be quick 1" With trembling hast9 she assists me to mount, and hurriss me off, tying the ponies loosely to a tree, then flying to Nanoe, to minister to her, for even I can see Gilbert is past aid. With palpitating heart I tear on, along the bush track and out again on to the heath, across which I strain my eyes in searoh of aid — in vain. Yet no 1 approaching swiftly is a buggy and pair, with two men in it. The relief is so great that I burst into tears that blind my identity of both, till Mr. Cotton's well-known voice ejaculates : " Miss Dunbar 1 has anything happened ?" Slipping to the ground, clinging to the saddle for support, I sobbingly explain. «' Gilbert thrown— hurt— killed you think 1 Good Godl Bilton, you're just the man that's wanted here," cries the owner of that welcome voice, tnrning to his oompanion, a young doctor who i9 visiting C — . "Yes," he says, cool and self-possessed, " Is it straight ahead on this road, the acci dent happened, young lady ?" " Yes," is all I can utter. " Then jump up here — you are two un nerved to ride that brute. Let it go, it'll make its way home and give the alarm." Gladly I obey, and, assisted by Mr. Cotton, take my place between them. Then as we dash forward, he explains their opportune appearance on tbe ecene- " We drove down to Sunnyside after lunch, and, learning you were at the Mount, deter mined to join you there, instead of waiting your return." " Did you meet Mr. Aroroft?" " Yes, he said that we'd find you a little further on with Gilbert— poor fellow !" Toe name recalls the awfnl scene, and again I give way, hurrying my face in my hands, and shuddering violently. A few minutes more brings us to our journey's end. Nance's awful composure has given way at last, aud Bhe lieB pale and death-like in her sister's arms. One glance at Gilbert's stiffening form is enough for the doctor, though he makes a show of seeking for the " vital spark." "Killed instantaneously," is his verdict, and he turns his attention to Nanoe, over whom he is bending gravely, when at a break neck gallop, Mr. Arcroft and Watty Langdon join us. ... "What is it?" ones the former, in his fussy, kindly way, "has—" The words die on his lips, as he espies the still figure with a handkerchief thrown over its face, and with a shuddering groan he turns away, while Mr. Langdon throwing himself on his knees beside it, weeps for a moment or two like a woman. "How did it happen?" asks Mr. Aroroft in a hushed tone, hut that none of us kno ft. " You must wait for particulars till this young lady is herself again," says the doctor, adding with grim significance, "and that won't be for some time. , Now," he goes on briskly, "we mast get her home at once. How are we to do it ?" cutting short all en quiries. " In th9 buggy, I suppose," answers Mrs. Arcroft, who, pale and trembling still with horror, is yet the only one self-poBsessed enough to. suggest anything. "In ours, then — it will hold three most comfortably," motioning Mr. Cotton to help him to lift her into it. " Now, Mrs. Aroroft, you get in, too, and I'll drive you— I can do no more for poor Alexander, and this young lady wants immediate attention." And what of— How can we get Gilbert home?" she asks, falteringly. "The waggonette will be here soon," answers her husband huskily, "Wildfire tore past U3 at ' the blaok gate, splashed with blood, and gave me a hint to prepare for the worst, so I sent Vio on to tell them to bring it to meet us. If it wasn't needed, then aH the better, I thought — there'd be no harm done." " Gome," cries Dr. Bilton, " every moment is precious." "And Dot?" asks Mrs. Arcroft, "howls she to come ?" " One of ns will drive her," answers Mr. Arcroft, "here, Cotton, will you, as the wife's taken your seat." " With pleasure," ana in another minute we are off in the wake of the first buggy, leaving the other two to guard the dead. "How came Wildfire to bolt, I wonder?" I find voice to say at last. " I can't imagine, took fright in some way I suppose. He was always a nervous, irritable brute. Gilbert was often warned about him. Poor fellow 1 what an awfnl smash!" " He was killed at onoe, yon think ?" ' Must have been — brains dashed opt. It was a terrible shock for poor Miss Stair." " Yes, she seemed quite dazed at first." " No wonder. It was enough to turn her brain I They were to be married in less than a month, too." " Yes," I reply, and recalling all poor Nance's pretty preparations for the event, her many little plans and happy anticipations connected therewith, I burst into tears again, despite my efforts at self-control, and Bob convulsively till we get to Sunnyside. CHAPTER XVIII. It is the day of the funeral. The inquiry is over — adjourned till Nance is able to give her evidence. When that will be, if ever, it iB hard to say, for she lie3 at death's door, the Bhock having affected her brain. Alone at the window of my room I stand, watohing the sombre procession winding slowly past, and great tears dim my eyes as I looknylaBt on theflowericovered oasketjik" »- holds the remains of him who had proved himself a true friend to many, a faithful lover to one, and an npright gentleman to all. " Happy is the corpse that the rain falls on," I repeat to myself, as, jn=t as the mourn ing coach passes, a heavy shower begins, rendering almost invisible tbe sad face of Watty Langdon gazing out, and soon hiding the cortege from my view altogether. " God rest thee, Gilbert 1 thine was an early end," I say softly, taming from the window to encounter 'Jfcs. Arcroft, who, worn with grief and watohing, had entered unheard, and caught my words. " Aye, Dot" she rej Dins, " bat now, as of old, ' whom the godB love die young.' " CHAPTER XIX. Eighteen months later, just two years after Freddie's death, I am sitting one wet, windy Saturday afternoon over tha parlor fire at Sunnyside — for I am still teaching at Camborough, having succeeded, by dint of arguments and entreaties, in gaining a feeble assent to my doing so from the home folks — reading my share of the contents of the mail bag. Opposite sits Nance, not the gay, smiling, saucy girl of old, but a pale, grave, sad-eyed woman in deep monrning ; lovelier and more loveable than ever in my opinion — remind ing me strongly of Ag, our "Home Sun shine," as mamma loved to call her, in her sweet, steadfast self- denial. "That's a big budget, Dot," Bhe says, smilingly, pointing to a bulky epistle in my lap. "Yes, one of Ag's newspapers," I laugh, tearing it open. " She sends me fifteen page3 sometimes, and not five lines of news in it all. Afraid I may feel lpnely perhaps." "And that's her thanks— a caustic criti cism." Silence, I am deep in Ag's didactio para graphs. No news in her letters, did I say ? Well, there is a piece in this that makes np for all past deficiencies. It " brings me up standing," as Vio would say, in a moment, and not till I read it twice do I take it in. " What is it, dear, not bad news, I hope ?" say? Nance, gently, but I only shake my head, and, gathering up my letters, rush off to my room. Tbem I read it again and again, and ask myself fifty times over, can it be true? Thai runs tho extraot that bewilders me— "An. aov, dear Dora, I have something »- tell you that I am sure, will surprise, but I hope not displease yoil, though, knowing your views ou suoh matters, I feel very un certain about it, and shall eagerly await your reply, trusting it may be favorable. At least, I know you will not judge me hastily, but patiently hear me through, and generously take into consideration the fact (so jealously guarded till now) that I loved him long before his engagement to Freddie. There, the secret is out, and, in indignation, I can see yonr astonished face. Yes, dear sister, to briefly state what, doubt less, yon already guess, Lex has, asked me to marry him, and I have said " Yes." It was only last night he spoke, so I am losing no time in letting you know, for Oh, dear Dora, I long for yonr sympathy, and dread that yonr old, strong antipathy to a man's marry ing his deceased wife's sister may deprive me of it, and without it I shall be miserable. Let me combat, one by one, your chief ob jections — I fancy I know them. First, with your strong affection for poor Freddie and -prejudice -against Buoh marriages, it may- seem to you that I am selfishly supplanting her in Lex's love- That, dearest, I can never do, she will always hold the first, best plaoe iu his heart ; besides, I am sure she loved him too well fox her to have wished him to lead (out of devotion to her memory) the wretched homeless — for, in the truest, sweetest sense of the word, homeless he has been the last two years— life he has been leading. It's un natural, and, granting that if a man marries again, who can so well supply their dear mother's place to his children, as thatmotker's sister ? Remember how dear wa were to each other, Dora ; how inseparable always, and yon cannot for a moment think that I would deliberately act a treacherous or unsisterly part towards her, especially seeing that in death she is dearer even .to us all than ever. Ah no 1 my dear sister, I am sore there is no one Bhe would ohoose before me to fill her place in the lives of her dear ones. Now, to come to your second objection — the nearness of the relationship already ex isting; bat, Doll, dear, it is only relationship by marriage, and therefore, far less objection- akla than ftVia fin tiafmnan flwaf and flOflOTln cousinB, and how many of them marry ? But, already, I have trespassed on your patience too far, so must deal with minor objections again. How long have I known of Lex's intentions ? you will ask. Not till last night. I loved him long ago, as I told you, but, on Freddie's becoming his wife, looked on my love as a sin, and buried it deep in my heart, flattering myself that I had stifled it, but his first words undeceived me. I love him as deeply and truly as ever, aud oh !_ I cannot consider my love a crime or a sin. Would God have gifted me with Buoh a capa city for loving unalterably if it were ? I wa3 as surprised as you can be, when Lex spoke, and cannot yet imagine why he made me his choice, unless, perhaps, little Bruca's affection for me suggested it ; the little fellow is very fond of me, and I of him, as you know. God help me to do him justice ? Mr. and Mrs. S— both seem pleased with the idea of my becoming their second daughter. Papa aommends it, and Vic is delighted, so dear Dora, only your approba tion is wanted to fill my cup of happiucsa to the brim. Let me hear it, Bister, if you con scientiously can. I covet- your loving sym pathy. Hopiog to hear from you soon, with fond est love and best wishes— your anxious sister, Aa. P.S. No " outsiders " know of our en gagement yet — no one I mean out of our two families, nor will they till I win yon over to my side— supposing you will not enlist on it at once, but that I hope and pray you will. A. Laying my head on the letter at last, after puzzling over it vainly till I am tired, I burst into bitter unreasonable tears. Yet are they so unreasonable ? To me sneh marriages have always seemed so obieationable, that is it any wonder I cannot reconcile myself to Ag's? Presently the door opens and Nance softly enters. Slipping her arm round me, she whis- pers : " Sharing a trouble with a true friend lightens it of half its load, Dot. Let me help you to bear this, dear." " Read that then," pointing out the para graph. " Well what is your opinion ?" I ask as she concludes. "That Dora Dunbar is the greatest, little goose I ever came across," she smiles. Why are you grieving over this ?" ' " There is something so repugnant about it—" "And because of your foolish prejudice," she interrupts, "three lives must be made miserable — Ag condemned to a miserable old maidenhood— for she'll never marry anyone else — Lex doomed to lead his present lonely, loveless life, and poor little Brace deprived of the best substitute for his mother's love he could have." " But Nance— " . « « But me no buts,' " Bhe quotes, half- laughingiy, half-serious, " I second all Ag says. and shall insist on your sending her the/warmest sisterly congratulations by next "igSiit. What, Btill hesitating?" 500 "I can't help it! fancy marrying one's brother-in-law." "I'd sooner do that than marry my cousin," declares Nanc8, "Besides, she lovea i him before he besame that., Ha iB the one - j man iu the world for her — her fate — her . ' i Bscond self, or missing half, and .you must-' I not come between them. She deserves every . happinesH for her brave self-denial. Think how hard it must have beeu for her to hide ' her pain ; for she must have suffered keenly, during the days previous to his marrying Freddie. Did you never suspect ?" , _ " Never ; though, after they left us, I found . her crying bitterly, but I thought it was over' losing Freddie. They were so dear to eaoh other always." " All the more in favor of her marrying Lex. Freddie would sooner that than a stranger, and by-and-by, Dot, it would moat likely aome to that, for the majority of widowed ones re marry sooner or later," Bhe assert3, sagely. Some, a3 a sort of compli ment to No. 1, a tribute to the memory of their past happy matrimonial essay ; others to make up for not lookiug before leaping, hoping tS do better the second time." " I shouldn't like Lex to marry a stranger for Brace's sake," I admit, reluct antly. "No, of oours9 not, Now set to, and write to Ag," settling my writing table before the fire, " and give her my fondest love, and very best wishes, " vanishing. " Mind, Dot," re appearing for a moment, " a nice, long, loving, sympathetic letter." And I meekly obey, as far as possible, her orders, rasping my reward in a sense of con tentment that possesses me as I proceed. "Any admission ?'' cries Nance, an hour or more later, peeping in. "Yes. Tell me, will this do?" handing her my letter. "Firat-rata, your bark's worse than your bite, Dot ? Now put on your best-bib and tnoker. Guess why ?" " No good at oonundrums," evasively. % "Nor anything else with a gleam of her old gaiety. " Well, ' Job's' here." "Who's 'Job' ?" " Mr. Cotton. Is it a good name for him ? his patience is pathetic. Perhaps 'Jacob' would b'a better? Wasn't it ' Jacob' served seven years for Rachel? my memory is defective." " Where does the conneotion oome in ?" "Bihl you deserve — but I'm wasting breath. Are you going to beautify ?" " For Mr. Cotton's benefit — no," indiffer ently, conscious that the dark bluo dress. I am wearing becomes ma admirably. To be continued. 