THE GREAT WORLD. A UOYEL. EEDCG THE CONFESSIONS AM) STRA3fGB EXPERIENCES OF THE HON. EBIC TOB.KB. By JOSEPH HATTON, Author of 'Clytie,' 'Cruel London,' 'Three Recruits,' 'John Needham's Double,' &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with theauthor. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXIV. — ' Stvll Harping ox my Daughter.' Everybody had been away from London, as Is everybody's wont, from August until November. The Jessops had taken a vacation with the rest. JesBop 2-cre had returned home earlier than God frey and his mother. I had donejmyself the pleasure of calling at Paikeide-terrace on my return to London at the end of October. It was Sunday. Mary Jessop was sit ting at her little tea table looking the picture of health and happiness. Tivo or three neighbors had called. Parkslde was the right locality for neighbors. The residents included many artists, authors, singers, and actors ; the best of all good company for a pleasant chat. Mr. Jessop, in a brown velvet jacket, was taking his cup of tea with his daughter's visitors, and talking of the beauties of Holland and the healthful repose that is to be found in a saunter through the Black Forest. During the vacation I had received only one letter from Godfrey. He wrote in a languid fashion, rather unlike him, about the scientific progress of Germany. .It seemed that he had been combining busi ness with pleasure, his usual habit, his father said. He had visited several of the leading colleges and institutes In Gar many, had descended their mines, in spected their official laboratories, and in tne intervals had chipped their rocks; he was nowruralising at some out of the way place in the very heart of Germany. Tne family had been together daring a great part of their holiday ; but when the time arrived for Mr, Jessop to return to ' the mill,' as he called the great Fleet-street newspaper-office, he and his daughter Mary had come home, and Mrs. Jessop had stayed with Godfrey. I learned that the boy was well and in good spirits, though Mary said he had accepted a pro posal to explore some outlandish island in the East, and she feared as a consequence that there was a rather unhappy future In store for them. A young painter, who had called with his sister, said Godfrey was to be envied above all the young men in London. Life was only life which enabled you to see the world, and for his part there was bo sacrifice he would not make for the delight of travelling in its strange and unknown places. Mr. Jessop said travel was the especial privilege of Englishmen, but there was travel and travel, and of all the liardships in life none were harder than the kind of travel the young artist had Indicated, the unauthorised pioneering of the amateur, the march that was not backed with power and supported by a proper com missaxiat. Then the conversation drifted into art and literature. This was presently supple mented with a little music. The weather was superb. The trees in the park were shedding their leaves, a Virginia creeper In front of the house shone in the sun like burnished gold, splashed with crimson. Mary Jessop was dressed in a blue-grey serge, and looked charming. Although I admire dark women and think Helen Trevor singularly impres sive, I consider the fair women carry the palm for a beauty that is more desirable, | and which lasts longer than the more j aggressive loveliness of the brunette. How, Mrs. Kennett did not seem to me a day older than she was seven years ago. fine was more attractive tnan many younger women who were considered quite as beautiful. While Mary Jessop was not at all like Mrs. Kennett she nevertheless recalled memories of fier as I first saw her. But there was a frankness and innocence of manner and thought in all that Mary JeBsop said and did which was to me singularly fascinating. She had soft grey eyes that looked you fearlessly and frankly in the face. Her lips were red and full, her teeth white and regular. When she laughed they seemed to laugh also. Her complexion was of that fair blonde, yet rich tone, which is the won der and envy of foreign nations, some thing which Is truly English; and, in spite of London smoke and fog, it still survives in the metropolis. That which many women try to obtain I by art Mary Jeseop possessed by nature. Her figure was round, her carriage grace ful ; she wore her air dressed close to her bead, and there was just a suggestion of a wave in it. She was the very impersona tion of good spirits, and her voice was freBh and musical. Why do I dwell on the physical charms of Mary Jessop ? Because the subject pleases me and I am proud that this grand old country stall breeds a race of women which leads the -world for healthy beauty and a sense of her mission in life to be man's helpmate and comforter. I can Bee some of my superfine aesthetic young lady readers curl their pretty lips at this, and eay I put woman down at a low esti mate, regarding her as fit for nothing but to be a wife and a slave. Mary Jessop is neither a wife nor a slave, but what a com fort and a blessing she Is to those two men, her father and brother ! No, my dears, I think there are some women who may be said not to have a call to the state mninmAmnl hut I nm j-wii^it onita a 4? ^tivA same time that nature has given none of you a call to compete with man in his daily work. But let us not descend to controversy. Believe me I admire -and respect yon all, for your weakness and your strength, for the sunshine you bring into our narrow -ways, and for the delightful, If .sometimes sad, memories with which you fill our lives ; and I always remember that I had a mother. Some men seem toforget this ; when they do it Is not surprising teat they cease to remember that they are men. Well, since my call at Parkride- terrace, November had stormed around the Island, and bad torn tbe last leaves from the 'trees in' the London parks. When the wind Tested, and there was fine bright ' weaker on the coast It Trould be^og^y fa LiOjidon. 'The ,trouMe tfbotifc* ttor iSkftakQ , is of our.ownlmaling. '-'It 3s the/amofeei ; fVIlCu ^Sf?Xf?28 ril y'- it IPO ^*^MJt'K t*P 'IF' iy^ ^ieust ^atbeHBg «f -k»ai usst, -md~4ke», ? according *o our ^French adghbOH, we begin to destroy ooraelves. Itkoorrecord , that « French .traveller, in this chtonicles : of England, asserted that «nlcLde wa»«o ; ordinary a tiling in London daring Novem- ; ber that it was thought nothing of. 'It Ib a common thing,' eaid this Solon, 'for persons to cut their throats from : upstairs windowscUpon. the passers-by, who simply murmur 'Got iam,' and go on their way.' This Ib one of those trifling exaggerations in which our French neighbors indulge when -discussing our barbarous and on* civilised nation. Their own virtues are . thuB made to Btand out with increased pro mtoence, not^o much by inference as by the suggestion of contrast. It is nevertheless true that November Ib a come what gruesome month in London in spite -of the Lord Mayor's Show. It is apt to be stormy ; it is apt to be dark at the wrong end of the day ; it is now and then foggy. A stranger in London is said to have elept on, remaining in bed two whole days, thinking it had 'been night all the time, whereas he had missed two mornings, which had been disguised in fog. On -the other -hand there are artists who admire the grey atmospheric effects of an English November. They see in St. Paul rising up from the Thames through a November mist all kindB of artistic effects, and in the dim traffic of the river oppor tunities for studies of tone and -what not that are quite unique. But these are probably insular persons who are con demned to live In this miserabls London, and known little or nothing either of art or of Paris — that home of all that is lovely, aesthetic, divine. Happily, however, French artists are willing now and then to take pity on us, and we are thus enabled, having run the gauntlet of a street of upper-storey suicides, to enter the portals of a real exhibition of French art in Bond-street, How delightful to think one may revel in the atmosphere of French art in November, without having to cross the Channel ! What a condescen sion ior painters or ngnc ana leading to detach, from their home of art, a little corner of it and set it up right in the midst of this benighted city, which in its ignorance thinks it not only has some fine specimens of foreign masters in its gal leries, bnt has a school of its own not un worthy of historic fame, and even a few live painters who are not exactly beneath contempt. 'I want to make holiday to-morrow,' wrote my friend Godfrey Jessop, 'if you have something to do or see, pictures for instance, I would like to be your com panion. My father says you will probably be going to the Press Views of the Salon Van Jules da Paris and the new English Gallery. Perhaps you might pass me in as a bogus critic. Eh V I was very glad to hear the dear young fellow's voice again, only having seen him once since the night when he 'made a fool of himself.' He had written to me, as I have said, from the Continent, but had not referred to the incident which had elicited from his own lips this criti cism {of his conduct. He came into my room with a cheery ' How are you, Yorke ? I'm awfully glad to see you ;' but he did not look as bright as one might have expected from so cheery a greeting. 'Welcome back to London,' I said, ' but more particularly to the shady Bide of Piccadilly.' ' By jove,' he responded ; 'there is no sunny side to-day — November skies are dark and drear, and the other side of the ' way is inclined to be absent from view, a3 poor Tom Hood described it.' 'But It does not rain,' I rejoined, ' and there is some light in the sky.' ?' Oh, it Is not so bad,' he said. ' I have walked from Regent's Park, and there is enough wind to lift the leaves now and then in a despairing kind of way, and enough light to make the buildings on the other side of the park look like ghosts of houses.' ' Come, then,' I said ; 'I fancy you are in the frame of mind necessary for a due appreciation of the Salon Van Jules, which I hear Is a dolorous display of a peculiarly French character. It wants the subdued light which our November pro Arrived at the Bond-street Gallery, where art as represented by the grand nation had raised her emblazoned banner high, shaming our znurky atmosphere, we entered a long dismal passage. Pre-: ently we were checked by a turnstile. Then we had to register our names. 'That,' I said, ' is a French custom. They like to know their critics, a sentiment which is mutual.' 'At all events they are very polite,' said Godfrey. ' Is that French also ? Let os do them justice/' ' By all means I hope we shall, when we have seen the examples of their boasted art which denies to our own country a scintilla of taste, skill, or imagi native thought, either in landscape, figure, or design. ' Are they so arrogant 2' eaid God frey. ' They are. Their arrogance In another direction led to the occupation of PariB by the Germans.' An attendant has handed to each of us a book of shining gold. It is acatalogue, the only words printed on the cover being ' Salon Van Jules.' We have only been a short time in the cavernous and artifi cially lightened and darkened place, when we both find ourselves regretting that so many ladies appear to have joined the profession of art criticism. It is assuredly not pleasant to stand side by side with some strange woman who is making notes upon a picture which you think any woman would be the better for not see ing. 'The sensation,' remarks Godfrey, ' is akin to that of hearing a street rough use disgusting language to a lady.' 'In regard to which yon have only one resource,' I remarked, ** which is to take him by the throat, but you cannot take the artist of that offensive picture by the throat.' 'And would not, of course, if you could,' said Godfrey. But we are not yet in the chief gallery of the Salon Van Jules. This is entered' mysteriously to the sound of plashing water. There is a TeBtibule. Here is a grotesque fountain. Around the vestibule are various works of art, a fine study of Bernhardt, and a few dainty trifles of color. As one turns to the right' one breathes wholesomely for the first time before a fine landscape by Jean Henri Zuber. This rises one's hopes. They are more or less satisfied by several' pictures, not by Van Jules, whose works are the raison d'etre of the show. The pictures axe hung in illuminated alcoves. The spectator is in comparative darkne&B;, the picture in full light. Here and there between them is a grinning head. Tou look through its eyes or the aperture -called its mouth, and are rewarded, as I have said before, with 'a grim joke on canvas. One of the jokes is a blood stained handkerchief. It annoys you all the more, this morbid folly, when you find there are really fine works in the gallery, and that even Van Jules himself can paint. Girardet's 'Episode des Dra gonnades' is a graphic -realisation of. a touching incident. ' La VeriteV' by Couvion-Saint- Cyr, a fairy- like idealisation of the proverb that ' truth lies Is a well,' is an idyll— a ray of pure sunshine amidst filth. Presently in our perambulations we are pulled up with the following legend em blazoned on a lamp :— *' N.B. — Van Jules suggests that none but strong-minded persons inspects tins exhibit:' Of course every vfaitor is fearless. It Ib very dark. A voice sayp, *' Only one at a time.' It is a man who speaks. We look at him under the gaslight — a man, and i&at; man a commissionaire. Yon are Teassured, 'I'iave a nerve ol iron,,' -you say; at ieaet^Uifttr 4s ^hafe I said, with ^omtething '- as* early- rfun. to a cynicsB -£mOe av t am ? m«tM tJf. Be Jtked the barrier;1! Bnteted -the 'apartment. -'^So-Btrajght «p'te-tiie picture,' «aid a voiae toehind aae. 03ie , piotuce was a sealtttie ^presentment of a half ?draped tkeletwn. Walking istralgh* up id it as requested a board under my feettgawtothe tread, atruck * gong, and started two rfiery eyes on«ach-side of 'the frame. I -examined them ; they were a pair of lamps, not unlike hansom lights. They helped to show me my own. face in a mirror which the grinning figure was holding. I was amused at the expression on nay own \mexpeeted visage in the ua lookecUfor glass. The whole thing ^waa toooilly for serious thought or the necessity of serves. I have seen this kind of bogy often when a boy, and far more effectively constructed with a broom handle, a sheet, and a turnip lantern. ' It reminds me,' said Godfrey, *' of a native magician I once saw in Central Africa, only that it is neither so ghastly nor so impressive. But surely this is not what you call a fashionable art ex hibition?' ' Yee, It is, and in Bond-street, in the high art locality of the metropolis, in the very .heart of the gay world, and a con tribution from Paris, the home of the graces, the paradise of art, the abode of taste and feeling, the Mecca of the painter, the embodiment of all that is great in cities and citizens.' In the direction of morbid realismthere is in this curious exhibition one impres sive picture painted by Van Beers, who has great faults and great powera. It arreBte your attention at the end of the first small gallery. You see a post and rails ; behind them yon see a distant city. At your feet lies the body of a dead man. The work is arranged with panoramic effect. It is a masterly painting. There is a touch of sentiment in the introduc tion of spring daisies in the grass where the corpse has been left by the brutal mob. It is not, however, the kind of historical record which the admirers of Jaques Van Artevelde can desire to can template. The greatest of the sons of Flanders, wise, brave, and famous, he was unrighteously attacked by the mob, brutally murdered, dragged through the streets, and finally left a mangled corpse in the fields outside L'Escant. Mons. Van Beers has handed the hero down to posterity in this awful and ghastly plight. It is not thus, however, that posterity will desire to think of the gallant and. unfortunate captain. ' What a chamber of horrors the deaths of England's tenderly remembered war riors would make, as Van Beers would portray them,' remarked Godfrey ; think of the noble Gordon in this historical painter's hands ! But it does not bear thinking of.' We etroll through a short avenue. There is an odor of incense. It is as well. Let the artist burn his own In cense. We will bum none, mes amis. Do you know the Wiertz Gallery at Brus sels ? Then you have already discounted the 'Salon Van Jules,' which we are told is to be the rage of the art season. At the end of the first avenue there Is a mysterious corner of ' peep-shows.' You look into the eyes of grotesque masks and are rewarded with an introduction to a woman's head hanging by the hah', which Is pinned to the wall with a dagger ; a nude figure of a man who has cut off his Ilia own head ; a body labelled ' felode se} and a ghastly face at some prison bars. As sentinel to these cheap horrors there Is outside a full-size piece of sculp ture of a decapitated man hanging on a tree. ' And this is French arb T' asks Godfrey. 'Modern French — yes,' . I answer, due an exaggeration oi ic l am Douna to admit.' ' Thank heaven it is not English !' he answers. ' Not yet English,' I say, ' but some of our young and rising artists are walk ing in this direction.' ' And it is a pity they are so far be hind their ideal,' said a pale-visaged, long-haired youth at my elbow, with a scornful smile, In which one might have detected the suggestion of Insanity, rather than the expression of genius which it affected. It was a wholesome relief to step out into the air. The odor of incense clung to us. A cigarette and lemon squash at my little club round the corner seemed absolutely necessary by way of fumigation and refreshment. I suggested a pint of Mumm, but Godfrey resisted. 'You need a fillip, Godfrey— just one glsss of champagne.' No, he was firm ; he had a lot of heavy work in hand. Champagne once in a way was a good thing when yon were cooped up in a laboratory for ten or twelve hours at a stretch, but the air was good enough for Mm — the air and a holiday. He called tins the air, coming Into Bond- street, and mooning among pictures. But after all there was some air when we once more emerged into the street. That little rising breeze he had spoken of had developed Into a wind. The gathering clouds of fog had disappeared before their master. I here was a real sky above us, bright and clear, and around us an atmosphere full of life and vigor. Bond-street was all agog with busy people. Piccadilly had actually found its sunny side. On the threshold of the English Gallery in that classic thoroughfare we en countered one or two men whom we knew, and were informed that we should be sur prised attheaddition which had been made to the already distinguished assembly of critics In the gallery. A much greater surprise than anything our acquaintances had prepared for us among the company awaited us among the pictures. Godfrey's little holiday in the world of art criticism ended for him ' fate fully.' He had drunk of the witches' cup. Chapter XXV. — A Thames Lily. The ' Prees View' of the English Gal lery, It turned out, had been rendered more than usually interesting by the presence of certain royalties, who, having important engagements on the Continent, had asked permission to see the exhibi tion at the same time as the critics, which would be their only opportunity, and thus enable them to visit the gallery and make their promised voyage. 'Don't know what paper the new critics represent,' said one of the press men. to another, ' but they appear to be very conscientious in their examination of every work ;' and this did really ap pear td be characteristic of the royal visi tors, and not so of the critics themselves. Although the presence of the royalties did not interfere with the work of the journalists, a mysterious influence did somehow pervade the atmosphere ; for there were officials on band who ars adepts in the humble acknowledgment of ~ superiors, and none the less arrogant in their assertion of authority over subordi nates. The fawning tuft-hunter is a tyrant where he has power. So far as the pressmen were concerned it was pleasant ''to see how well the first— is the throne or the church really the first ? — and the fourth estate got along to gether, 'to note the freedom of the two in the presence of each other, marked on the one hand .by a certain deferential respect, and on the other by a courtly grace of manner. The .press on this occasion certainly practised its own often suggested rules forthe decent behavior of society, which still permits itself some ridiculous acts of self-consciousness in presence of royal personages. We had wandered through the rooms of this famous winter exhibition in a dis cursive kind of way, taking a first general glimpse of. the show, when we came upon a picture -which had teen painted, it was ? understood1, for the Academy, but not being finished in time lud, under the pressure of tofluenllalfriends of 'the artist onth© committee, found its way Into the Englkh Gallery. It ^was lung in the plaice' tof Honor, as it deserved to be. ThV-toittfr called it 'A Thames Lily.' ' ThleBlbteetwalirfaja^ bctrft wwsiVsary Tettaikafele and I&bcI-; c^.-'i; :/ .?- -i ? -.-?..??..- '- ?.'.??.''?.? ? ' OTrtfog 'work. - We were torttmste in seeing it Tmhoat a crowd competing with- us 'for -even ? view of - part -of it, rfor when the public were admitted the committee 'ware obliged ? to pro* tect it with a silken barrtee and a ragged policeman. As you stood before tiie. picture the punt was com* ing straight towards you. The girl was standing in aTestful attitude, leaning with both hands on the pole. The artist had chosen a side view of the figure with the head thrown over the right fihooider, giving a long graceful line to the neck. The face was turned full upon the spec tator, but the soft, thoughtful, brown eyes seemed to be looking far away into a world of their own. A dress of cling ing white Arabian cotton, with the long skirt caught up at the side and tucked into the waistband ; a bodice slightly open «t the neck, and sleeves rolled up above the shapely elbows ; a large willow bat, worn rather forward, with a straight brim, which gave a deeper tone to the upper part of the face, and shadowed the dark hair. The whole of the figure was in tone, the sunlight striking only on the right side, beginning on the outline of the cheek and neck, whitening the shoulder, catching the nearest arm and slipping down into the long folds of drapery — a flash of imprisoned light. The back* ground of the upper part of the picture was a clump of grey willows growing close down to 'the water, and between their trunks could be seen glimpses of a meadow beyond on which the sunshine was lying in pale yellow patches ; but the figure from just below the waist had the water with its quiet reflections for aback ground, which was only disturbed by a white ripple against the blue-grey timbers of the old punt. A very remarkable work, alike for its simplicity, its mastery of color, its draw ing, and the pathos of it, for beauty is always more or less pathetic ; and there was a sweet, deep, mournful, tender some thins in the expression of the face that lifted it into the highest range of womanly beauty. 'A Thames Lily,' wrote the thoughtful and eloquent critic of the Mwning Mail, ' is a title which did not prepare us for this poem on canvas any more than our experience of Mr. Millaia prepared us for so new a work from his essentially English easel. The great painter seems to have taken another new departure. He has allowed himself to be inspired by the French school and to better the instruction, as if for once he had said ' Yes, messieurs, you are groping in the dark, but I will lead you into the light, and it shall be better for both of us.' The combination is one of grip and fancy, of dreamy suggestiveness and polish, of tone and technique. The picture has been painted out of doora. It has in the heart of it the tenderness of chill October with a glow of sunlight. ' Sunny June' it might have been called ; and whereas in the Autumn idyll you have to imagine the mournful spirit of chill October here is the living flesh and blood spirit of leafy June. The treat ment is a triumph of tone in the best sense of the term, though one loses nothing of the reality of the scene. It is full of light, and yet the true value is given to the sunshine ; the dress, in tone, is white, and In the sun it is brilliantly white. The background is a delightful simple study, the color quiet with a feel' ing of grey throughout. The picture gives one a healthful sensation of pure, true daylight ; it has a novel strength and freshness of feeling, which Is English in its strength and power of handling, and purely and true in tone, which is de cidedly French.' I repeat this brief criticism from a pro minent; 'notice of a leading journal of a later date of course than this press-day visit. I think it may well come in at this place as a useful indication of the character of the picture. The leading papers discussed it from the Information in the catalogue which did not describe ft as a portrait, but the society and other journals had a good deal to say about it as a likeness, and they had much apocry phal information to impart concerning the sitter herself. Presently, when I had lest Godfrey for a short time, I found him standing before this delightful work of art. ' Youlike it V I said, laying my hand on his arm. ' It is superb !' he replied. ' It seems to me lovely beyond possibility, and yet I seem to know the face.' 'Ah,' I replied, 'there are many lovely women in London.' i ' This is a girl,' ' he said. j 'All the same, 1 answered. 'Uont ! you envy the painter his modeL j I laid stress on the word model, and lie j turned to his catalogue and read 'A Thames Lily,' adding, ' The painter might have called it 'A Lotus Lily,' which would have suggested the dreamy softness of her eyes and the twilight that seems to rest among her hair, like the shadow of night .upon a fading land scape.' ' You are poetical,' Isaid. 'It is the influence of the French saloD,' he replied, smiling. 'Ye3, I should say the painter is to be envied his modeL' He turned away with a sigh, bat I detained him. ' It is a lovely face,' I said. *' Yes,' he replied. ? ? Ana tne ogure, l aaaeo, ?? is not oaa either.' ' Bad,' he exclaimed. *' It is worthy of the face and worthy of the painter.' ?'The pose easy.'' I went on; ''composition excellent, color in a pleasant neutral key, perfect in tone, fine breadth of effect, coupled with daintiness of detail, masterly in drawing, one of Mr. Millais's newest and best examples of portraiture — -that is, how the critical legend will run In the Morning Mercury, which, like all properly conducted English papers, loves its Mlllnis, and which, un like that clever gentleman of the Morning Mail, knows nothing of the subtleties of art, and therefore nothing . of the . experi mental side of this new and admirable work.' 'Portraiture,' said Godfrey, with an onnnlrimrinnir. ** T thtmtrhti -won- nnnira ftf . it as a study from a model, a subject picture.' 'Do you mean to tell me you don't know the young lady who sat for it ?' I asked. Godfrey grew confused. ' I know someone of whom it reminds me,' he replied. ' Is it a portrait of Miss Trevor?' He looked at the picture again with a renewed interest. 'It is indeed a lovely face,' he said. 'And so good, so kind, so full of Tiigh purpose and courage.' At this moment the prince, who never forgets a face, walked np to where I was standing with Godfrey, and putting out his hand in his genial way said, ♦' Ah, Yorke, how are you? I have hot seen yon seen you since we met In Calcutta.' , 'lam very well, I thank f you, prince. It Is very good of you to remember our last meeting.' 'It wonld be very ill of me if I did not,' Baid^the prince. ** You are admlr« Ing the MUlais, the picture of the year. It fs a fine work and a beautiful subject.' ' Yes,sIr,'I said ; 'but oneshouldbe 'Isyour young friend 20?' asked the prince, smil&g.; 'He seems to have lost his heart to mademoiselle.' ' I think he lias, sir,' iTeplied. 'Do we know him?' 'The son of Mr. Jessop, the journalist and author,' I said. ' Oh, Indeed ; theyoungfellow who has been to Africa and written a book -on the Congol' ' The same, sir,' 1 replied. w *fl$l you present him V *^I-*hBlliaye great pleasure,'! said, ann'fihereupon I made royalty and pride acgBJftinted. ', f?I kxtoirypur father's bcwjko .and your ; own j ijitefpsting volume on 'the Congo,' ?aidifce -ptinoe, '',&&& am £lad to have the pleasure of making your acquaint ance.' 414 Your Royal Highness fc very kind,' eaid Godfrey, in his best manner. ' Are you going toifte Congo again }' 'I think not,' said Godfrey. 'To fresh woods and pastures new, perhaps r 'To the Eastern Seas, sir,' said God; frey. ' I wish you a successful and pleasant time,' said the prince ; and turned to me With the remark, ' And the picture, it is a portrait they tell me. Do you know the lady ?' -*33| ' Yes ; I Have that honor,' I said. 'MisB Helen Trevor, the daughterin law of Mr. Loftus Kennett.' 'Oh, indeed,' said the prince; 'the banker and philanthropist. Yes, yes. A happy man, Mr. Yorke. Bich, blessed with a handsome wife, a lovely daughter; and what can a man desire more 2' The prince smiled, as much as to say ' A title is all he lacks, I suppose,' and rejoined his party. Despite Godfrey's Radicalism he was much impressed by the friendly and un affected manner of the prince, and the fact that lie knew his book. 'But I don't see,' heremarked, ' why a prince should not be a sice fellow ; in deed, I see every reason why he should be all that this prince seems to be.' He sighed as we left the building, and there was something unusual in his manner as we said 'Good-bye, Yorke, and thank you for a most pleasant day.' 'What Is it?' I asked. ' What Is what ?' he answered. ' What is the matter with you, God frev f ' I don't know,' he said. ' I think you do,' I replied. 'And I think I know also.' ' Then tell me some other time,' he said, and he was just about to shake hands and leave me in the street when, as Fate would have it (for surely ib was Fate) a carriage pulled up at a shop in front of which we were standing, and out stepped Mrs. Kennett and Helen Trevor. ' Mr. Yorke and Mr. Jessop I' ex claimed Mrs. Kennett ha her most charm ing manner, ' what a delightful surprise ! Helen, you remember Mr. Jessop V Helen appeared to be very conscious of, the fact that ehe did remember that gentle man. She did not attempt to disguise the evident pleasure it gave her to meet him again. Godfrey reciprocated the pleasurable expression the young girl displayed, and nevertheless became self-possessed and ' all there,' as Mr. Fox would say. '? Will you come and help us to do a little chopping ?' said Mrs. Kennett, ' only jewellery ;' and before we quite realised the position we were assisting In the selection of a wedding present which Mrs. Kennett' was purchasing for Lady Mary de Fontenville. All the time she was looking at the tradesman's treasures die rattled on, telling me all kinds of current gossip, utterly regardless of the Bhopkeeper, which, by-the-way, is consi dered the height of good breeding among certain of our so-called upper ten — so dis tinguished, you know, as old Jessop would eay, to ignore the common clay, to treat that kind of humanity as if it did not exist. While we were talking and selecting the presents Godfrey and Helen seemed to be much interested in a cabinet of Eastern curios, I and I thought Godfrey was doing all he could to make a favorable impres sion upon Helen, and' I also thought he was succeeding. When Mrs. Kennett's business was ended she glanced at Helen and Godfrey and seemed to calculate her chances in regard to a little scheme she had been developing while conver sing with me. * ' Mr. Kennett,' she said, so that Helen . and Godfrey could hear her, 'has gone to Paris; we are quite forlorn to-night, and Helen does not care much for her mother's company ; we are dining alone ; thought of going to the' theatre, bat re solved to have a humdrum night, rest ourselves, and go early to bed so that we can stay late at the marchioness's ball to morrow night, tfow will you not take pity upon us and, sans ceremonie, come and dine with us ?' She did not look at me but at Godfrey, who, to my surprise, and without the slightest hesitation, or any reference to me said, 'I shall have great pleasure, thank you, Mrs. Kennett.' 'And you?' she said, looking at me me with a winning smile I knew too well. 'Thank you,' I said, 'I shall have mttch pleasure.' What else could I say ? (To he continued. ) 