A DELICATE SUGGESTION. It; is gratifying to soo that the cause of those overworked ond terribly under paid officials, colonial Governors, is being token up with ardor in several of the colonies. A few weeks ago a shudder passed tnrougn Australia at neanng that it was proposed in New Zealand to carry retrenchment . to the unhallowed extreme of reducing the salary of thb Governor. Among our first families and Imperialists and Primrose Leaguers such a proposal was regarded as dis loyal and treasonable in tho highest degree. Should, under pressure of a similar exigency, a similar proposal ever be luado to our own Parliament, wo should expect to see Mr. Dmns and Mr. It. B. Smith in continently yield up the ghost on the floor of tho House. No, whatever comes,' it is felt that we must adhere to tho sound old rule of begin ning our retrenchments at the bottom. .We can always dismiss a largo number of the lower members of the civil ser vice, people of no position and of no political influence, perhaps even persuade two or three higher officials upwards of 80 to retire on a pension or generous allowance for tho loss of office, slop public workB and immediately re-engage those thrown out of work as unem ployed. But as for touching tho salary of a Governor — but wo do not wish to prolong a discussion which makes' tho blood run cold in tho veins of all the I respectable circles of society. Hnppily ! at present the tendency is all the other j way, except in the misguided and paiu- i fully democratic colony of New Zca- | land. The Imperialistic and Con- I servative Parliament, of Victoria has ' just voted iitlOOO to Sir IIexp.V | Locu for next year for the express | purpose of enabling him to entertain in i a suitably gorgeous manner any travel ling members of the British nobility who may condescend to honor the colonies with a visif. Those who pull the politi cal wires in Victoria resemble Tommy Moorb in dearly loving a lord, nnd the proposal to supply additional means to Sir Hnxnv Loch to house nnd feed the crowd of lords who are flocking to the colonics sceins, like tho Imperial Tributo Bill, to hnvo passed with tumults of acclaim. While another Australian colony is taking this munificent course it would ill bcoomo " Australia" herself to be behindhand, and accordingly wo aro glad to Eoe that a contemporary is moving in the matter. It is only in this light that we can regard the leading article which it published yesterday, enthusiastically praising the Victorians for adding GO per cent, to Sir Henry Loch's salary. It has very littlo con cern for U3 what the Victoriuns do in so peculiarly local a matter, unless their action is to bo hold up to lis as an example for our imitation. We make no apology for reading the articlo in this light, inasmuch as care is taken to jus tify the special caso by arguments capable of wider application. The articlo may then fairly bo regarded as a cautious feeler thrown out as a prelimi nary to tho proposal of increasing tho salary of the Governor of New South Wales. In that light wo are glad to welcome tho suggestion, and can only regret that so unnecessary an amount of caution is displayed in putting forward so proper a proposal, and one so timely in a period of general retrench ment. Tho arguments adduced are in fact unanswerable. They only requiro to bo stnled to secure conviction. Wo havo but to observe tho soul-harrowing picture drawn by our esteemed contem porary of a British nobleman, perhaps a Lord Ailesbury, a Lord Cairns, or a Lord Deeriiurst, living at an hotel or a coffee palace and actually paying for his board and lodging — but why should we pursuo the agonising subject ? Such a result must bo prevented at all costs. Wo agree with our contem porary that rather thnn a British nobleman should be allowed to return to England nnd report that he had to pay for his keep, any sacrifice should be made. Jn the spirit of Lord John Manners' well known lines wc emphati cally say stop nil public works, dismiss half tho civil sorvico ; indeed we would go so far as to appropriate tho Queen's Fund and confiscate tho Imperial Tribute rather than time-honored privileges of tho English aristocracy should bo endangered, or than so deep a humilia tion should hnppou to the colony of Aus tralia (the Little). Indeed, the arguments for at once doubling the salary of tho Governor are overwhelming. We say nothing of the socially refining effects consequent on the largo influx of Deerhurstb ond Cairnses and Ailesborys which would surely bo consequent on tho announce ment of the generous provision made for thoir maintenance. Wo prefer to viow tho matter from a much higher stand point. It has frequently been pointed out that owing to tho use of tho tele graph and to tho Agent-General being employed more and more as a means of communication with the Imperial Government, nearly all VI tUU pirtV/Utortl JUUVWUlid HUI5.U UCVU to ho performed by the Governor are now othcrwiso dealt with. Consequently it is now chiefly for purely ornamental purposes that Governors aro required. This being so it is a cloar inference that we ought to malco them as ornamental as possible. Now it is obvious that a Governor can he far more ornamental on £16,000 a year than on £10,000. There is, of courso, tho money question ; but it canuot be too emphatically repeated that in a matter of this kind money is no con sideration. Tho cost of a miserable mile or two of railway added yearly to the Governor's salary would be all that is wanted. Every district in tho colony would bo competing to bo allowed to m alio tho sacrifice. Then there aro those muoh-talked-of Parlia ment Houses nnd Supremo Court which it is proposed to build, but for which the money somehow seems not to he forth coming. Surely we can make shift in the present ramshackle structures as we have been doing for so many years. If everything else fails we have always taxation to fall back upon. And what more legitimate reason could there bo for tho taxation of our people than to provide a f>md to prevent travelling de scendants of the Crusaders, whose family records are unstained by a single day of useful ' or honest labor for 500 years, from descending to the ignominy of paying their hotel bills while they sojourn amongst us 7 On the whole, then, we give our hearty approval to the carefully veiled proposal of our too diffident contemporary. Why such hesitancy is shown in putting it forward as a definite recommen dation wo aro at a loss to conjecture. In giving our cordial consent to the vote proposed wo would only attach two conditions. -One is that the increase shall take effect simultaneously with his Excellency's assumption of the titlo of Governor of Australia. The other is that a carefully -painted historical picture should be prepared of the passing of the measure, for the purpose of decorating the walls of the Stato House, tho artist being specially requested to embody in the statesman like countenances of Mr. Dmns and Mr. R. B. Smith an expression of tho sentiments of loyalty, imperialis tic devotion and titular expectancy with which thoir patriotic bosoms on such an inspiring occasion would over flow. And were we permitted, we should be glad to suggest the narno of the brilliant American artist whoso graphic, pencil has already illustrated one' incident 6f our develop ment in a great historic picture, as that of tho man to whom this work should be entrusted. 