CARL DUNDER. Sometimes somepody comes to me un- says vbas I Oarl Dunder ? I vhas. All right. Mr. Dunder, you vhas fat und eleek ; you vhas always mit a ehmile on your face ; you haf no trouble mit your family ; eafery pody shpeaks well of you. I like you to tell me how it vhas done. Und I answer him: ' If somepody vhas content he gets fat. If somepody vnaa at peace mic au aer worldt he shmiles. Der man who marries for love und is a true husband to his wife and a good fadder to his ehildren will haf no troubles mit his house. Eaferypody muBt shpeak well of a man who keeps oudt of bolitics, pays his debt*, ehtands to his word, und preaks no laws.' Und sometimes eomepody comes to me und says vhas I Carl Dunder, dot oldt Dutchmans P I vhas. Mr. Dunder, I vhas your friendt. I like a little loan for aboudt two weeks. Und I says to him : ' Make oudt your note due in feef teen days und get some good endorsers, und I lend you §10. I like to keep you ash my Friendt, und so I do peesness mit you in a peesness vhay. No stranger gets madt at you for an honest opinion, but sometimes four best friendt gets madt vhen you dun trim. Der banker makes no enemies vhen be collects his money. Vhy should I P' Und again somepody comes to me mit a long face und asks vhas I Oarl Dunder, dot Dutchmans who make so much money P Mr. Dunder, you yhas sooch a lucky dog I You vhas shust coining money. You pegins so poor you doan' own your own boots, und now you ride in your carriage 1 Ah ! For tune vhas an eccentric jade 1 She ehmiles on. some und frownB on others. L like you fn toll mn hnva vnn mnnnaa it. Und I BaVS ? W 1WH ????W HV1I J '^ *' I ?!! |-J — — ?-- — V to him: ' My friendt, Luck vhas der oldt man in der poorhouse. If you wait for Luck to come along and help you oudt you wait for der city to bury you. I work hardt, I spend leedle? I plan carefully ; I bay no vacant lots in a hollow, und I build no shipyards on a hill. What you ehmoke und drink pays my taxes. What time you loBe builds my fences und shingleB my houses. Oif Perseverance a dollar und he makes it two ; gif Half-Heart a dollar und he lets half of itehlip avhay while he is waiting.'—!). F. Press. The formerly-despised mallee country ib daily increasing in value, and every week fresh applicants can be found for it. During the past month, says the Sorsham Times, Mr. John Buahby, has let a large area of his mallee country on the west side of the river Wimmera, between the Lochiel bridge and the Salt Lake, to South Australian farmers at very fair and remunerative rentals. Over 30 families from the sister colony are now settled in the vicinity, and the majority of them have already put in a good area of crop. For some days past (writes a Scottish journal), the inhabitants of Mumbles Head have been in a state of excitement over the alleged mysterious visitation of ghosts round the Mumbles after nightfall. It being determined to fathom the mystery, a number of men secreted themselves on Newton Hill, when the spectre duly ap peared in the form of a figure clothed in white with blackened face. Hands were instantly laid upon the ghost, who was discovered to be well known in the district. He waB stripped of his garments, and a standing his entreaties and protestations that it. was only a joke. The following story, describing the unique plan by which a rogae was discovered among the native troops of British India, is told by a veteran English officer. Shortly after he had assumed command of the Fourteenth Native Bengal Infantry, a com plaint was brought to him of a theft which had just been committed in the barracks, to the perpetrator of which there was not the slightest clue. The next morning, on parade, the colonel passed along the line, giving to each man in turn a thin strip of bamboo ; and, when all were supplied, he said, with solemn emphasis, 'My men, there is a thief among you, and Brahma has revealed to me how I am to detect him. Oome forward one by one, and give me your bamboo chips ; and the guilty man, let him do what he may, will have the longest.' The soldiers, not a little startled at this mysterious threat, obeyed without a word; but, before the first dozen had filed past, the colonel suddenly seized one of them by the throat, and shouted, ' You are the man I' The Hindoo fell upon his knees, and whined out a confession of his theft, while his terrified comradeB salaamed to the ground before the dreaded ' Sahib' to whom Brahma had given such a terrible power. : When they had dispersed, the Benior major, who had been looking on in silent amazement, came up, and said, ' I wish you would teach me that trick, colonel.' 'It is a very simple one, my dear fellow,' he .answered, with a smile. ' You see, those bits of bamboo were all the same length ; but the thief, fearing to get the longest piece, bit off the end of his, list' as I expected he would, and that is how 1 knew him!' Three fiends in human form ware shot on the outskirts of the city of Santiago, at the place made famous by the shooting of the Brew of the Virginias. The men were two mulattoes— -Juan Jique and Juan&oemer; — md an Indian named Juan Cocras. They surprised the driver of a train of cocoa-laden pack-mules and his assistant, a mere lad, ind cut them down with their machetes [long, awordlike knives), tied them to trees, md practised shocking and revolting cruel ies on their victims until they were dead, they sold the cocoa for $68, and turned ;he mules looBe. They were captured, and lentenced to be shot. The case was etub jornly fought, getting finally to the Queen, who refused to pardon them. Last night 3oemer made a public confession, acknow ledging that he had killed 10 men; and .hat he wbb ready to die; and that his mother had seven more sons like him, who would avenge his death. The murdering proclivities of that family,, are hereditary. Ehe father of the Cubans was a most noto rious murderer. The three were taken out by the military, and placed kneeling with their faces to the slaughter wall. Several thousand people surrounded the military lineB and looked on. Goemer then spoke up, and said, ' My - mother has seven eons, and I am the most cowardly of them all for allowing myself to be killed before so many people. Sir priest, give me a drink of rum.' He got his drink. At the first volley from the firing party of 24, all three fell shot throngh the head and body. Goemer rolled over as if in pain, and two more bullets were put into him. The Indian showed a little life, and a soldier coolly stepped to the front and deliberately fired a bullet throngh his head. A cart came in for the bodies, and all was over. 