CI)f â>)>în.ri> informs firmly. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1887. We suppose it is now beyond peradventure that we shall be represented at the Imperial Conference to be held at London in April 1 next. It was not possible that when the other colonies were represented New South Wales should be absent. It was an absolute necessity that she should either send her delegates from here or appoint some prominent colonist now in London to net for her. The latter suggestion would be open to serious objection. Only representatives immediately from the colony, and acting under personal instructions from the Government, could be expected to properly meet the necessity. Some opposition has lately been given to the appointment, on the ground that the House should be consulted ; but even if it were, advisable to consult the House, it is not within the bounds of possibility to do so until March at lease and considering that already the time of meeting has been delayed two weeks for New South Wales and Victoria, the present independent action of the Ministry is to be commended, The Government was bound to take action, and the public cannot but endorse the action for the public honour alone, even if but little comes of the gathering, and it is useless to ! disguise the fact that we do not expect a great deal. The Conference will be entirely consultative and tentative, there being neither a definite programme for a scheme to lay before its delegates. The delegates are not in the largest sense representative, for they are guided by no nolioY laid down by the colonial Governments, and are yet in the dark as to any direction from the home' authorities. It is called an Imperial Conference, but it is only such in name and in spirit. No feasible programme has yet been broached, no broad plan of action yet pro-, i mulgated. The great stumbling- block really is, that the Home Government look to the colonies for a scheme. During the last two years the attention of the English public has been constantly directed to the colonies owing to the Indian and Colonial Exhibition' ; and taking advantage of this, the relation between England and the colonies received a great deal of prominence at the last election. The Government then alighted on the idea of instituting inquiries and commissions and of these the colonies had the lion's share. The wisdom of these commissions and inquiries is not doubted, but it may turn out that for practical purposes the Conference has been hurried injudiciously. The great advantage of course is that interest is excited in England and they can at least discuss the two questions which Mr. STANHOPE, the late Secretary of State, indicated namely, Imperial defence, and penny' post and cable service. The only able attempt at a scheme for naval defence is that submitted by Admiral TRYON last year ; but even that had its difficulties. The organisation of the Empire for military and naval defence is a subject that is not likely to be soon or easily settled. If there should be a combined system of defence and responsibility to be borne by the colonies, they might expect a voice in the Imperial administration. But that being so, the question assumes a very broad aspect, and reaches to that point where the ramifications of a real and responsible Oecumenical Conference must be considered. If it only means that the delegates shall give such information to the authorities through the deliberations of the Conference as shall enable them to understand the requirements and nature of our coastal defence, all that could be given in a few pages by the Government here, or gathered from the newspapers for that matter. There is no constitutional change contemplated, and little of any moment to be added to the existing condition of things. There is no question of political federation involved in the military and naval defence of the colonies, The colonies must protect themselves by land, and the Home Government, so long as we are officially connected, must protect them by sea. We are content to have our delegates go to do what good and give what information they can, and we think the choice of the Government has been a wise one. Mr. WISDOM, some time Attorney-General in. the Parkes-Robertson Government, is in possession of the facts relative to the nature and condition of our requirements,,, and Sir PATRICK JENNINGS, Premier of the Ministry just resigned, has an equal, title to qualification. Such responsibility as there is the colony will be willing to con- tide to them and their colleague, the Agent General, Sir SAUL SAMUEL. The Home Government may unfold some plan as yet divulged by which closer relation may be established with us, and for that we are willing to wait, but we feel at the same time that it is rather a holiday meeting than a serious and responsible council that we may, expect. We are not unconscious of the interested attitude on the port of the Home authorities, and or! , their very evident desire to do something for the common benefit of the sections of the Empire, but neither are we blind to the fact of how we are and shadowy a thing this is. The other item of the programme it it can be dignified with such a title., in the Penny Post and Cable Service.. The discussion upon this may turn, out to be more or less academical and J theoretical, but if by means of it light is thrown upon much ignorance that exists regarding the colonies the end will more than justify the means. The adoption of a penny post is something pleasant to contemplate, but there are too large financial considerations and responsibilities involved to admit of a speedy, or satisfactory solution of such a problem.. Better cable communication is much to be desired, but the task, we fear, is not likely to be accomplished by the Conference. That some system of naval defence, Imperial in its. meaning and nature, could be constructed and; successfully carried out we have no doubt,, but this Conference is not likely to produce it. As to Imperial Federation, with which in. reality this Conference has nothing to do, it is a subject which has scarcely been taken seriously by the colonies. It can- not be said to be viewed coldly, but what is more suggestive, they are good humouredly indifferent. There has never occurred to them the practical use or advantage or purpose of what is called Imperial Federation. If it means anything more than the tightening of the sentimental and loyal bonds that hold the old land. warmly to these new growing nations, it will require a wise policy and some very definite t advantage to induce any national actions.. It is not that the colonies are selfish,.., but they are careful and cautious and '. while loyalty is deep-seated and demonstrative here, it is intensely practical. There is a warm and fraternal desire to keep the connection intact that had been so close and.' I unstrained these many years, and not any where in all her MAJESTY'S dominions would be found those prouder of their ancestry and! Anglo-Saxon heritage than in the colony of New South Wales. This Conference will, at least, express this, and how much more time will tell. The recent formation of the Australian Mutual Shipping Company has caused some little agitation in our mercantile community. initiated in England, its success will depend on the support of colonial merchants. To obtain this one of the promoters has come to Australia, and it is said has so far succeeded off to have obtained the promise of sufficient cargo to load at least three vessels monthly to Sydney and a like number to Melbourne. In some cases those who have promised have determined to take shares, and thus give some . guarantee for the fulfilment of their promises. In others, shippers, will aid the movement . with cargo only, declining to take the risk of profit or loss of the ocean carriage. Support to this association has been claimed on the grounds mainly that the trade has been un- fairly controlled by what is known as the Australian Shipping king, who charter nearly all the ships, and by the rate of freights in their own interests and that a new company, will be some guarantee for healthy competition. The Australian ShkroinK Kia?, however. are not1!to-'be^driven'out of the trees without a struggle. They, too, have their representa- live in Australia, and he presents their caste as favourably as possible. It is said that the opposition does not proceed from more than a few Australian merchants, but has been promoted by a small number of British ship- owners or agents, who by the arrangements of the King have been precluded fi ora a share of the trade. The contention is that the great bulk of the Australian shippers are satisfied with the freight, with the accommodation, and with the general conduct of the shipping trade. The Ring allege that they are able to make the rates more reasonable, because by combination they can load the ships more economically than they could be loaded by half-a-dozen or a dozen competing firms. Having the whole of the trade, they know exactly how many vessels are wanted; they can put their hand on such! vessels, and will not employ more than are required. There is no loss arising from ships bring put on the berth which are not needed, as was formerly the case. It is said that this economy in working alone gives a large profit to the Ring. Undoubtedly a strong point is here scored by the Association. It is one of the obvious facts of the age that combination in every department of industry and manufacture gives the maximum of results for the a minimum of labour. We have only to imagine the whole of tho shopkeeping business of Australia carried on under the control of a perfect organisation, to suggest the vast saving of time and labour, in comparison with the existing system, where there are losses and failures where the prices are unduly raised to the general public by reason of the excesses of competition. Events clearly point to this greater combination in the future. The Shipbrokers' Association, which manages and controls the Anglo-Australian trade, weeks the whole business more economically than it would be managed by a dozen ship broking firms. And it is its interest, doubtless, to give more regular despatch than would be possible by' independent shipowners. Half-a-dozen vessels lying in London or Liverpool, all of them having some cargo, but none of them able quickly' to load would necessarily be as inconvenient to Australian shippers as to British shipowners, and there would be mutual loss. As a matter of fact, this was the condition of things out of which the Ring arose. And it cannot be denied that this combination in the shipping trade, looked at from the broadest point of view, secures the service at the least sacrifice of labour and money. ' But then arises the objection-the Ring is a monopoly. It is so powerful that hitherto no one could enter the trade and live. Some have tried, and been absorbed. Messrs. TYSER and Co. are struggling, but it is said have so far lost money. Whilst there is opposition the rates are put down to serious pikes. Anyone who patronises the opposition vessels, when he has to come to employ those, of the Ring, is handicapped with a heavier freight than those who employ the Ring exclusively. As so far, regular shippers could not trust to get all the accommodation they require from any opposition firm, they are afraid to go to them at all. They cannot afford to be handicapped in the Australian market The King, there- fore/is practically a monopoly. Its ordinary customers, who are charged the ordinary rates, cannot leave them without six months' notice. If they do, they will have to pay the higher rates of non-contracting customers. The Ring claims that these are ordinary business arrangements that they have a right to give, preferences to their friends. There is some force in an argument of that kind. If the arrangement is satisfactory to the shippers no one need object. Nor can objection be raised from a public point of view if the British ship owning monopoly does not overcharge the Australian merchants and public, for it is the public who pay in the end. It may be fairly assumed that a monopoly will work the trade more economically and more regularly than it would be worked by excessive competition, for it is within its ability and it is to its interest to do so. But if uncontrolled it is able, and it is to its advantage, to get higher freights than it ought to get. This is the position of the Australian shipping ring. What its profits are we do not know. If they are not greater than those of the P. and O. Company or the Orient Company, with which the King has some connection, the merchants of Australia have no reason to be dissatisfied. But the shipping companies never disclose their profits. The formation of the Australian Mutual Shipping Association is calculated to afford the check required. If the Australian merchants think they are overcharged, by joining the association in sufficient numbers they can doubtless load an adequate number of ships to ensure the regular carriage of their goods free, from any risk of having to go to the stage' where they will have the objection- able handicap of non-contracting customers. Where they become shareholders, they will have the profits of the business. The trade is large enough to maintain a second combina- tion without any material risk of loss from that excessive competition which does harm. This company will soon test the question as to whether there is any excessive profit in the Anglo- Australian shipping business. If there is, the merchants of Australia, who find the trade, are entitled to a share of it, and the effect of an alternative service will probably be to give a sense of relief. To be effective, of course, the association will' have to be strong enough to give all its customers the necessary cargo space at regular intervals, at rates as cheap as the most favoured rates of the Bing. If it is formed with this measure of strength, it will be a public benefit, and it will hardly be to the advantage of the King to oppose it. They are interested in preserving the good-will of the Australian merchants. ( ; At St. Leonards yesterday Sir HENRY PARKES and Mr. IVES were returned unopposed. A somewhat prominent Opposition candidate and member of the last Ministry has remarked, with characteristic elegance, in his address to the electors, that " the dry bones of the Parkes party have again for a few nights only ' been galvanised into power." It is worthy of notice that no respresentative either of the late Ministry or of the policy of protection which it tried to " sneak in " ventured upon a trial of strength with the galvanic energy that displayed itself at St. Leonards. The epp tunity was a tempting one to any protectionist overflowing with chivalry and patriotism, or to any member of the young and vigorous Ministry that lately fell to pieces through sheer super abundance of the combative spirit. Thus, whilst the President of the Free Trade Association has, though untried in political warfare, had the courage to heard the champion of protection in his own don, there has been no attempt to reciprocate the com- pliment on the North Shore, valour, however, to be effective should temper courage with discretion and it is possible that sound discretion I was the thing most conspicuous in the absence of opposition to the head of the new Ministry. There would have been more excitement had the election been contested ; but a victory after a hard struggle would hardly have had as much significance as this practical acknowledg- ment that in a fight against the " dry bones " there is not a man on the other side who would have had the ghost of a chance. And the value of that acknowledgment should not be under- estimated. We have no desire to indulge in prophecy ; but it is at least possible that before the close of the month it will be seen that a j feeling somewhat similar to that which discouraged opposition to the man at St. Leonards will in ! many a country electorate take the heart out of the opposition to candidates who conjure with his name. Indications of this are to be seen in the addresses to the electors and the candi- j dates are saying what they think the electors will receive. There is doubtless a widespread belief that in these critical times we need not only a farm hand, but also an experienced hand, at the head of our affairs. But there is an element of risk in this. We do not want personal government irrespective of principle. The electors will do well to return men who will support Sir HENRY PARKES and the great principle, he is defending ; but they should beware of men who will seek, under cover of professions of belief in Sir HENRY PARKES, to gain a position in which at some convenient time they may oppose and help to defeat the policy he now represents. In his address at Redfern on Tuesday evening Mr. SUTHERLAND referred to the action he had taken in putting a stop to the arrangement made by his predecessor for running a morning train on the Southern line. The reason he gave was that the thing was illegal-in other words that the Executive Council would not have sanctioned the arrangement. How does he know what the Executive Council would or would not have done 1 Did he submit the question to that body and if he did not, what right has he to say that the Executive Council would not have sanctioned a morning train 3 The course which Mr. LYNE proposed to take was resolved upon after consultation between the Railway Department and the Post Office, and the late MINISTER FOR WORKS must have been perfectly satisfied that he had authority to do what was contemplated or he would not have gone so far as to fix the date for starting a through train in the morning. Mr. SUTHERLAND told the Redfern meeting that a satisfactory arrangement could only be made by reasoning the matter out properly. Exactly so. Mr. LYNE reasoned out the matter properly, not in his own mind, simply, but with the official heads of two Depart- ments, and he made an arrangement that was eminently satisfactory. Mr. SUTHERLAND has upset the arrangement, not after reasoning the matter out properly, " but without pretending to reason it out at all, for he acted almost before he had time to turn round in his official chair It is evident that he has not brought any reasoning to bear upon the matter even now, or he would not talk about the substitution of a morning for an evening train costing the country £1000 per week. The question of cost was gone into by the late MINISTER FOR WORKS, and nothing was said about £1000 per week. It is a well-recognised principle of responsible Government that new Ministers should not heedlessly reverse the Departmental arrangements of their predecessors, and the soundness of the doctrine is self-evident, for if changes were made all round as soon as a new Administration took office, the affairs of the country would be kept in a state of turmoil and confusion. If Mr. SUTHERLAND could not give any better reason for reversing in a moment the arrangement that was made by his predecessor after long consideration and full consultation with the heads of the Departments, he should have kept silence. It is a very good thing for Ministers, in the talk they are having with their constituents, to do what they can to inform the country regarding the Government policy ; but the confidences should agree. This was hardly the case with some of last night's speeches. Speak- ing about the deficit, the MINISTER FOR JUSTICE said at Orange that its removal would be a slow affair. It could not be expected, he said, that we should get rid of it even in five years -the process would have to be spread over a long period. How the thing was to be done he did not pretend to say. The MINISTER FOR LANDS, speaking at Camden, said something very different. The deficit was to be removed, he informed the meeting in answer to a question, by cutting down the expenditure, and it would be removed in three years. He pledged himself to save £100,000 a-year in his own department by leaving " ornamental work " alone, and we may gather from his remarks that large savings in other departments are practicable. The public will be rejoiced to hear from Mr. GARRETT that the deficit is to be wiped off in three years simply by the exercise of economy ; but satisfaction will give place to despondency when they turn to Mr. CLARKE'S speech and find that there is no hope of getting out of debt even in five years. The curious thing about these conflicting statements is that while the PREMIER, who is supposed to direct the policy of the Cabinet, has said nothing about the manner of removing the deficit, or the time that will probably be occupied in doing so, two of his colleagues deal with the question in the most confident manner, and settle it in different ways. Sir HENRY PARKES must see that the curb is wanted a little in the management of his team. 