A'EIUS OF THE DAY. The Treasurer will lmvo a very snlisfaclorj budget to deliver this year, aud iusteixcl of a deficit, which is the nightmare of nil Trea surers, there a- ill ia nil probability bo a surplus of near £400,000. For tho 10 months ending April the total amount of revenue received nmuunted to £5,615,792, nnd if there is uo diminution in tho average receipts for tho ensuing two mouths the ri-reiine lor the your will have exceeded tho esiimnte by nearly £400,000. The Minister of Lands, . who lias been appealed to by the Trades Hall couucil and trustees to settle tho disagreement existing between those two bodies, finds himself in a dillicult position, in which he cannot give immediate judgment one way or tho other. The dispute has arisen over the management of the Trades Hall, and narrows itself down to a desire entertained by tho council to have the trustees removed from office on tho ground Hint they are no longer in touch with tho trades generally. The trustees were, it is contended, elected many years ago by a very small number of trades, and since havo become fossilised, the real representatives of the trades now being tin council, whose members are elected annually. The trustees deny that they are not in accord with the associated trades, and assert that they are jointly responsiblo for the expenditure incurred in connection with the Trades Hall, that they are doing everything for the best interests of the trades, nnd that they can gives proper account ef ull m'—.y enended br them. The trustees hold the Crown grant of the land whereon tho Trades Hall is erected, Some months ago both trustees and council interviewed Mr. Dow. The council asked to he placed in possesion of tho Crown grant, and to have the trustees removed. Upon looking into the matter it was ascertained by tl»e Minister that this could not be done without a special act of Parliament, as the trustees occupied an impregnable position. An anwl- gamation between the couucil aud.trustees was suggested ns n solution, and with that end in view Mr. Dow had regulations drafted which proved satisfactory to the council, hut still left the breach open. Tho Minister next sag- gested a conference between the disputants, and advised on amicable adjustment of the diffi culty existing. This suggestion was acted en and the two bodies met, but before any business was entered upon the trustees informed (he couucil that they conld only be received ns a deputation. The conference immediately dis solved, as tho council declined to treat with jhc trustees otherwise than on terms of equality Both parties again had resort to the Minister, who was asked to take up the unpleasant roll of arbitrator, to dispossess the trustees and hand over the entire management of the Trades Hall to the council. Mr. Dow asked for a month to consider the case. Tho mouth has ' elapsed, and he still finds hhn- sc!f face to face with the diffi culty that tho trustees ennnot he removed uuless by a special act of_ Parliament. The Minister, therefore, intends to inform the conn- cil of tho regret ho feels in not being able to settle tho dispute without fresh legislation, nut to advise both parties to meet again in confer ence and as reasonable men arrive at an amicable settlement. The Minister of Lands has bad nnder con sideration the serious difficulty created by toe retnoTal oi the Fall's reef from the Ym, saa Iho consequent encroachment of sdlt water, ' which lias amalgamated with tlio fresh water of tho Ynrra to such an extent that it is uo longer possible to pump from the river to irri gate tho Botanic Gardens. For sonic distance pari Richmond tlio Yarra is now brackish, and according to an mm lysis of tho water made recently, it contains such an enormous quantity of salt that if irrigation were continued iu tire old way by pumping from the Yarra all the plants in tho gardens would he destroyed. For the present the use of Yarra water iu the gardens has been discontinued. Daring the winter months it is not necessary to irri gate, bat the gardens cannot bo kept in a proper state iu summer without a copious supply of water. Fortunately tire winter is ouiv now settiug in, and there are several months avail able within which to complete arrangements for providing a supply of fresh water for tire gardens. Air. Dow is obtaining reports on tire subject, with a view of taking immediate action. It seems, however, that there will be no cscapo from a large expenditure in establishing a pumping station above Ifighl's Falls, where the Yarra remains quite fresh, and conveying the water in pipes into the Botanic Gardens. There is every prospect of the Agricultural College established at Dookie being a failure unless immediate action is taken to place tire management upon n more sound and' satis factory footing. For somo months past tire greatest discontent lias existed amongst tire students, of whom there are 40, residing at Dookie. 'The college was started about four months ago, and it appears that tire principal, Mr. Fndney, lias iu tiiat short time succeeded effectually in making himself thoroughly un popular with the hoys, and has also shown his inability to organise tho school. The work of organisation wasleft by tho Agricultural Council entirely in the bauds of Mr. Fu'dney, but that gentleman has not displayed aptitude for the work, and it has been found necessary to entrust lire task to Mr. Thompson, teacher of practical agriculture. For some weeks past the parents of hoys enrolled as students at the college lmvo been receiving letters expressing toothing but dissatisfaction with Mr. Puduov's management. These complaints eventually leached the council, tho members of which 'recently visited Dookie for the purpose of 'inquiring into the matter. After careful inves tigation it was determined by tire council to rtake the control of the college out of Mr. Pndney's hands nnd entrust it to Mr. 'Thompson. One of tire chief defects in Mr. Pudney's management was that Ire did not prepare a programme for the boys indicating what they were to do with tlieiii- selves after 4 o'clock in tho aficrnoan when ithev left school. The council, of course, under stood that the principal of the college would arrange all this, aud now tho organisation of -the collego 1ms to be undertaken by oue of 'the junior masters. Tire principal has, it is ,6aid, greatly offended the hoys, and succeeded Jin completely forfeiting their confidence and alienating their sympathy. .Matters, in fact, (reached such a point of antagonism that the boys appear to he in open revolt ; and, to inako matters worse, -Jr.. Pudney expelled tlireo of them and thus secured the hostility of the , 'other students. The difficulty would be much laimplified if Mr. Puduey resigned, otherwise it seems it will be imperative in the interests of the college for the council to take the imtia- Itire. A successful nnd well ntteuded race meeting (was held ou tho V. A.T.C. course at Caullield on ISaturday, the only drawback to the afternoon's enjoyment being lire late arrival of the last special, whicli was 12 minutes longer on tire road tbau the ordinary trains, causing all who travelled by it to miss the first race. Honora won the Trial Handicap, beating Dufferin, Vascosa and 17 others; und tho places in the Hurdle Race were filled by Wbalebone, Roy and 'Huntsman. The celling Race fell to Stafford, who was followed by Success and The Ghost. Ttoynl Oak won tire Steeplechase after a good contest with Ruby nnd Promotion; aud in tlio Glen Huntly Haudicap Menotti, Meteor and .Ringmaster finished in the order named, with mot more than a head between first and third. The racing ended with tlio Two Year Old Hnu- dicap, which was won by Dick Swivellcr, with Albert Loddou second and Rosewood third. The ceremony of opening tire Brighton Jree library was performed ou Saturday after noon in a large marquee, placed for the .occa sion on the site of lire old library building. 'Thero was a large attendance ; Mr. "Webb, tire presidont of the library, being in the chair. The Chief Justice delivered an address, in .,i.t-i- 1— --C--. ...i i o tlio efforts mudo to estab lish a free library at Brighton, aud congratu lated the committee upon baring mode it an accomplished fact. Speaking of kindred institutions in tho United Kingdom and Ame rica, ho gave somo interesting information, showing lioiv the mechanics' institutes inaugu rated this branch ot popular education upon the lines of a collego for the study of science, history and art, excludiug anything in the shape of light reading ; and how a reform in the wider selection of literature was cventally brought about to satisfy tire great majority of readers. The percentage in favor of light literature in somo of the centres of Groat Britain was found ,to be very high, Mr. Bent congratulated tire committee on the result of their efforts, and the proceedings closed with a representation of Bombastcs Furioso by Iccal amateurs. The non-employment of children under tho age of 13 years in any factory or workshop is -one of tire leading features of tho Factories and Shops Act, hut this provision is not being' strictly complied with. The act provides that no child trader the age stated shall work in a factory unless it holds a State school certificate and also a certificate from a medical practitioner as to physical fitness. It has come to the knowledge of inspectors appointed under the act that in somo instances certificates have been given by medical men to children under the Jtge of 13. 'The offending officers have beeu written to on tire subject by the chief inspector, and reminded of the provisions of the act. Iu one case this notification was received in snch Bad spirit that the offending certifying medi cal Ulan said he would lmve nothing more to do with the act, and resigned his cum- mission for issuing certificates. Tire Mining department has issued a large plan of an uudcrgrouud survey of tire Sibasto- pol mines, Ballarut. 'Tire plan has been pre pared by Air. R. Allan, and shows the old alluvial workings of the Band alii Albion, Star of the East, Sebastopol Flatelu and the Prince ot Wales and Bonslraw United mines. Tho position of tire quartz reefi now being explored ure indicated on tho plan, which also contains come interesting aud isstructive cross sections, and a few notes briefly describing tire eld nnd now workings. Tire Bishop of Melbourne preached yesterday morning at Trinity Church, East .Melbourne, end in tlio evening at All Saints, St. Kilda. Both churches were well attended, AH Saints particularly so. every afailablo inch of space Being occupied. In tlio evening Dr. Goe preached from Tlessalonians, i., 21 : — " Prove all things ; hold fast that wllich is good." lie said ttat there was a very serious hindrance to th/ proper appreciation of tho truth, because so many people were content to pick vp a fashionable magazine or a newspaper, aud take the views these gave as their iudividiul belief : but it was quite a different thirty to set tho mind to work and compel it to search out if the statements made wero true. Therefore it came to pass that any religions system which proposed to relievo the mind of tire responsibility of jviiiuug weiiauua on leligious uiuiiers was very attractive to a largo class. It would be popular with such people if a church were to say: — "Accept my teaching without inoairy, place yourself in my hands absolutely, and I will guarantee your eternal safety." This jnight he popular, but disclosed sheer idleness e>f mind. He urged all to search after truth. "Man was endowed with reason and ought to use it, und was as much responsible before God for the right use of the niiiid us for the right use of the body. There were people who em ployed tlieirreasoning powers, not in discovering truth, but in displaying their determination to provo religion false. In tho second state of proving all things came the need of praver for divino aid, in tho humble expectation" of an answer with "light and knowledge. The exer cise of reason, and earnest prayer, and the study of the sacred Scriptures, was the way in which they had to prove all things. Tho second clause of tho text enjoined all Christians to hold last thnt which is good. It was their duty. Many men were sorely exercised with what tvas true, and wero tossed to and fro ou the sea of doubt, without anchor nnd without compass; but the second coming of the Lord would termiuate the works of those who had held fast, and would bring exceeding great rewards to liim that overcomcth, and who, hav ing held fast to the end, will be among those who shall sit at the right hand of an ascended Lord. The quarterly meeting of the City Conncil will be held to-day at noon. The notice paper, which is almost monopolised by recommenda tions of the health coiiiniittee, is not a very im portant one, and tho only order of the day likely, to lead to auy discussion is that of tho legis"- latiio committee haviug reference to the erec tion of the portico in front of tbe Town HaiL for which the calling of tcudcrs is recommended, And the suggestion made that the Government I should he asked to remove any doubt as to its ' legality by legislative provision. I j At St. Patrick's Cathedral yesterday after noon the mission for women, conducted during the past week by tho Rederaplorist Fathers, | was brought to a close by the ceremony of the i Renewal of Baptismal Vows, At tire 7 o'clock mnss 1800 women received holy communion. At 11 o'clock mass was celebrated by the Hev. Father Fallon, and an eloquent sermon Was preached by the Rev. Father Hearn. who took for his text the words " Delay not to be converted to the Lord und defer it not from day- to-day, For his wrath shall come on a suddcu, and in the time of vetigeance He will destroy thee." The preacher said that the evil spirit whispered to us that there was ample time for 0 tr conversion — that we should first enjoy the pleasures of the world. -The preacher impressed on his hearers that the pre sent was tho only time for conversion. Ho exhorted them to persevere in the good resolutions tliey had made during tire mission, and to remember t.bo words of the apostle — as a man lives so shall lie die. ITaydu's No. 2 Mass was sung by tlio cathedral choir, under tho direction of Mr. TV. H. Furlong, and during the offertory Signora Coy sang with effect Car- musci's Salve Ifegina. In evening the Rev. Father O'Fnrroli preached the opening sermon of the men's mission to be con tinued during the week. Men only wero admitted to tire church, nnd fully 3000 assembled. Tho rev. gentleman took as his text tire words, "What shall n mail give in exchange for his soul ." He exhorted his hearers not to burtor their souls to the evil one for the lust and perishable pleasures of the world, but to preserve the iinugo and likeness of God stamped tliereon. The arrangements for this week's mission are as follow : — Mass will be celebrated every morning nt a quarter to G o'cloce, followed by a short instruction, and at 7 and 8 o'clock., Each evening nt half-past 7 there will be Rosarv sermon aud Benediction of tho Blessed Sacrament. The mails brought by the P. and O. Com pany's R. M. S. Clyde were delivered in Mel bourne by train from Adelaide on Saturday morning shortly after 10 o'clock. The dates are London to the 1st ult. and India to the 21st, and titer consisted of 115 bags for Mel bourne, 115 for Sydney, 19 for New Zealand, 70 for Queensland, and 26 for Tasmania. The Clyde arrived in Hobson's Bay ycstcrdav morn ing at 4 o'clock. Her passengers numbered 146, amongst whom was Mr. D. St-con, the newly appointed superintendent ot the Insur ance Fire Brigade. Mr. Steen was formerly captain of the Margate (England) fire brigade, and was one of eight candidates for' the posi tion. . Tho Carlton bench was occupied during the whole of Saturday investigating it charge of unlawfully wounding Detective-sergeant O'Donnell, and Constables West and Brown, preferred against Frederick White, Thomas' White, Richard White, Ellen White and Ellen Joy. The prisoners wero defended by Mr. Gillott, Mr. R. Walsh conducting the case for the prosecution. From the evidence of Ser geant O'Donnell, it appeared that on the.night of tho 9th April he went to tire defendants' residence in Canning-street, North Carlton, accompanied by the other two constables, for the purpose of arresting a man named Hill, who was supposed to be concerned in the recent robbery at the Albert Park railway station. He knocked at tho door, and not having a reply Constable West then knocked, aud directly afterwards the door was opened, aud O'Donnell was bit on the head with a piece of wood, and rendered partially un conscious. The male inmates of the liouse tlien rushed ont, beat O'Donnell most unmerci fully, nnd also hit Constable West with an axe. O'Donnell eventually got away. Ho obtained assistance, and the prisoners" were at lenglli arrested. Tho two females wero discharged at the closo of tho case for the prosecution, it being proved that they had taken no part in, the assault ; but the male prisoners were com mitted to take their trial at the next sittings of' the Central. Criminal Court. The prisoners are all of respccfablo appearance ; nnd Sir. Gillott, in their', defence, urged that the constables wero mistaken for burglars . Fourteen additional cases oi typhoid .fever wero reported to the Central Board of Health on Saturday, including 11 cases admitted into tire Alfred Hospital during last week. The cases occurred ut the following districts : — Echuca, 1 (fatal) ; Kyabrain, 1 ; West Mel bourne, 1 ; admitted into the Alfred/Hospital — From Armadale, 2 ; East,Prahran,.l ; Fitzroy, 1 ; West Melbourne, 1 ; Frnnkriou. 1 ; Mtil- veiu, 1 , Dnla&lara;, 1 , MnlgiTC, 1 ; Goultl Melbourne, 1 ; nurse, 1. Tho steamer Franklin, which' nrrived yester day from Western Australia. ixa Adelaide, met with considerable detention beforo being cleared and allowed to proceed iip.Uio river. It appears- that she had on board two cases of tonite, a new description of explosirc, consigned to the Ballarat School of Minjis, This had to be dis charged at the out eu anchorage, and, as the authorities had not been previously advised of the fact, no boat was iu attendance to transmit the cases to the poyder hulk. A .deputation .fgom the St. Georgo's-rond Loaguo waited on the Northcoto borough coun cil on Friday 4<7r the purpose of coining to some definito arrangement with respect to paying over the £1000 promised- by tho league to the council in considera tion of them undertaking to form tlio road from the. new Morri Creek-bridge to Thornlmry Park. The league had delayed pay ing the nspiey as thoy had been informed that it was the/intention of the council to construct tho rq«d iu two sections, and feared if tho money, with a further £1000 promised by the Government towards tire satire objMt, proved insufficient, the northern records, who had contributed liherallv. wuuhl be neglected. The council con- sflered that the league had shown n great want of confidence in the members, who wero bound in honor to carry out the agreement entered into. Considerable time was occupied in discussing tlio matter, and eventually the cheque for £1000 was paid over, the council undertaking to call for tenders aud complete the construction of tire road by tlio end of October, weather permitting. A public meeting was held nt the Court House, Cockermouth, on tho 30th March (states the Loudon AYM), for the purpose of taking initiatory proceedings iu connection with the celebration of the Queeu's Jubilee. It was proposed that tho poor of tire town should bo entertained ton dinner, ten aud concert, tho rejoicings to conclude with u display of fire works. Mr. Robert. Mitchell, sharehroker, pro posed tlio following address to tho Quoou as an amendment : — " ' That wo, vourloval subjects iti tho ancient borough of Cockermouth, do pray your Majesty (but not humbly) that, ill consideration of our having, during a period of 50 years, contributed our quota of £385,000 annually paid to your Majesty, as well as haviug also provided for your offspring in a lavish manner, amounting iu the 50 years, at compound interest, to no less than £84,000,000 sterling, in addition to whicli we have, l.t your Majesty's wish, pro vided lucrative and almost nothing-to-do situa tions for many of your German relations and others — we, therefore, in common reasoning, ask your Majesty to hand over ono year's income (£385,000) to erect some useful aud lasting memorial from a grateful Queen to her loving subjects for having during so long a period nnd under many trying circumstances, contri buted so liberally towards the support of your self, family and friends." The amendment was not pressed. . " Alfred Sliaw, who lias arrived at Notting ham," stales tho London Evening Standard, "says that the English cricket tour'in Australia, though somewhat spoiled financially by the heavy rains, has, iu his opinion, beeu verv successful from a cricket point of view. Except that Scotton failed, tho individual form has been of the best. Lohinann is greatly improved as a batsman, playing with confidence on all sorts of wickets. Slierwin has kept wickot brilliantly, Gunn's fielding has been superb, and the bowling honors belong to Briggs nud Loh inann. Shaw says, with reference to tire injury to Barnes's hand, that it occnrred after the Englishmen had gained their sensational victory by 13 runs. The Australians were annoyed at their defeat, aud in tho Oxford Hotel, Sydney, afterwards, there was a discussion as to M'Donnell being given out leg before wicket. In the discussion a New South Wales cricketer (not Percy M'Donnell) struck a blow at Barnes, who," in evading it, fell against tho wall and dislocated his thumb. Shaw further says that the parties were quite friendly a few hours afterwards. He thinks that Australian cricket is not now so good all round as it was when Murdoch was in his prime. Turner and Ferris are excellent bowlers, but the high standard of a few years ngo is not reached. With leference to the professional team which it is proposed to take put next autumn, Shaw says he will not go, but Shrews bury, Lillywhite, Lobmann, Read, Barnes and Sherwin have already agreed, aDd that a number of gentlemen have been invited to join them. He further states that the invitation came from tbe New South Wales Cricket As sociation, and that he and his partners' were invited to select a team, and agreed to do so The latter statement is contradicted in a letter by Major Wardill, the manager of the last Australian cricket team that came to Eng- land, written to Mr. G. F. Vernon, who is arranging for tbe Melbourue I club team of English amateurs mid .professiouals to go out at the close of lire coming cricket season. Major Wnrdill's letler ' stales that the proposal came from Shaw, Shrewsbury nnd Lillywhite, and that 'the New South Wales people liavo nothiug to do with tho professional team further than having ngrceil to give them tho New South Wales ground for live matches on tho usual terms.' " It affords us pleasure to note that the work of young Australian artists is beginning to be re cognised by gentlemen who nro Australians themselves. Wo refer to the purchaso by Mr. J. T. T. Smith, son of the late Mr. John Thomas Smith, several times Mayor of Mel bourne, of tho female head modelled by Mr. Bertram Slnckeuual, student of the Royal Academy, London, whicli has been previously referred to as strikingly excellent, aud which the Governor, Sir Henry Loch, thought so much of as to ask for au introduction to the student's father. Mr. Longstaff's pathetic picture Breaking tlio News, uow on view at the National Gallery, lias already been purchased by a local connoissicur in art. The musical portion of the forenoon service in St. Francis's Church was unusually interesting yesterday. I'lumpton's Mass in G was reudcred by the choir, under tho direction of tlio composer. The principal vocalists wero Miss St. Clair, Mrs. Rnnisden and Messrs. . Williams and Daniel. |Miss Pauline Joran, the gifted j youug violinist, played with much feeling tho' Obiigato to the Et Iucarnatus, which was artistically sung by Miss St. Clair During, the offertory Mr. Slockwell snug Cujus Ai.ii- inmii from Rossini's Staliat Mater in a masterly manner. Madame Tasca presided/at the organ. A Run of Luck was repeated on Saturday evening at the Theatre Royal, Tho Magistrate was again played on .Satur day lust at the Princess's Theatre, -'und is amioimccd for contiuunuce this week. Mr. Sims's farcical extravagoncq, 'Skipped by the Light of the -Moon, as usual, kept its audience at the Bijou Theatre ,in roars of laughter ou Saturday evening. The Buffalo Minstrels iutro/luced several novelties into their programme /at' St. George's Hall on Saturday evening, mad were very heartily received by a numeronsi'andience. Tho People's Concert in, the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, nitracted a crowded liouso ou Saturday evening, and t/.io variety eutertain- mcut provided appeared,' to bo 'thoroughly enjoyed by all present. The performance of tire/Silk Stockings Com pany, at (he Victoria il/df on Saturday evening, cuinprised several changes, and the room was densely crowded, ns wavul. Some of the acro batic feats were excqfleut. Mr. W. II. Thomas gave aa organ recita on Saturday aftovmum in the Exhibition Building, rendering a well selected programme with considcrabl<ye:cccutive ability. The most important comtybsition performed was Men delssohn's orgnuf tfocala No. 3, in which some errors of tasto xrere observable, particularly the free introduction of grace notes ; aud throughout the recital a lit/lo more care in the selection of stops and lqs/Mgerness for variety would liavo produced better results. The revival of the Cotleen Bnwn at the Opera House attracted a good audience on (Saturday uight, aniY tho piece appeared to have lost nouo of its popularity, although there was probably uo ono present who had not seen it at least ouce before. Mr. Jfobert Brough, in his first imper sonation of Mylcs Nu Coppalecu, gave great satisfaction. Mr. Boucicnult was perfectly at home in the pari of Danny Muuu, Miss Fh>reuce Trevclvau aud Miss Boucicnult very satisfactorily rendered Aunu Chute and Eilv O'Connor. Hurdress Creguu was played by Mr. Walter Evernrd. A matinee performance was given at tho Bijou Theatre on Saturday afternoon, in aid of the Hoskins fund, by members of tho various amateur dramatic clubs in aud about Melbourne. The audience was uot so largo as could lmve been wished. Tho pieces selected were Falconer's three-act comedy, Extremes, and a farce entitled The lUilway Station. Apart from some detects arising from want of rehearsal, which at times reudered the prompter's voice too audible, both pieces were satisfactorily given. Miss Maynard aud Mr. C. Jobson rendered with great effect tho characters of Mrs. aud Robin Wildbriar, of Lancashire, in whicli they were well supported by Messrs. 6. i5reen, Hall, Denyor ami the Misses Bowman and ratos. wo lmve received 2. 6d. from Itlfle, for ihe Bull! ItcIIcf l-uiiii. yvo'hnve received from Mr. t. k. Sherwood. 5s. In aid of tuc " lics'.-rving Case" mentioned In last Thursday's Issue of The Age. 