T'hie ,larine Sperttre. -Much twondruinant is calssed by the tale tell of t to stnrgeu nmnifestations ex per' enced by a fartmer and his faunily at l3uldgee, and again of the marine spectre in the ship off the coast of Norw'av . W\V cannot aillmit of the supernattiral in either case, and we are quite satisfiedl that inves tigat on cariefally conducted wonld the c occurrencel as purely tnythical-as the Ml r well ghost at hlast. As an example, I will give you the mnarine spectre tas recorded in the curiosities of nature and art. When Mr. Walker was sutting out on hiia second cruise in the Boscawen private ship of war, 1745\. i report tmadle by the French officers, when the ship was taken, that a gunner's wife Ihad been titrlered on iboard, biegan now to he looked on by the men as flo l iloes of the misfortunes that would attend the cruise. One of the seamen, remarkable for his sobriety a nd good character, one night ualarmed the ship, by declah ill, lie ihadl seen a str;nge appearnnee of a womllan, riwho informed hiim, among other parlict litr, that the ship woulhi i lost. The story spread among the crew\\\\-. and lai sueh holl tpot they imaginitioln, as wtihlt havie Ibeen attended writh tihe Imost seriols consequences, hail not Mr. Walker con trived it device for turning it into ridicule, and with the greateist presence of mind re lated the following anctdhoto to tile assenl bled ship's crew. In June, 1731I, Mr. Walker lying at anl anchor at Cadiz, in his ship, thet Elizabeth, a gentleman if Ire Ian?d, whose nallme was ilBrnet, was then on boardl, going to take his passage, over to Irelanl. This gentlemlan was a particular acqulintianee of Ifr. Watlkcr, andl he wias extremely fond of hillt, being i m1noi of great goodt sense, and very lively in con versation. The night before we spealk of haplpened, tihe subject turned upon ap pIaritions of deceaseIl friends, in which this gentlemlnan seemed uch to believe, and besides giving many metaphysieal arg- Inents, chiefll that the nuatural fear we fand of thent pilaed the soul's confession of thetm. But tMr. Walker, who twas entirely of another way of thinking, treated all his arguleonts with ridicule. Mtr. Biriti~ who was bred a physiean, was enritis to try hlw far fancly inigi t tie w\rongrht on itl an unbeliever, and resolved to prove the power of this natural fear over the senses : a strange way ytst will say, to convince the linld tby attackinig the imtagination : or, if if it iwals too nice an experimelnet to anato ntize a friend's ltinrl for infortmation only ; or perhalllp the Ilhuillr of the thought wras the greatest motitve for hie was it manll of gay temllper alnd froliesottle. About noit, Itas they were standing with molre lof tile shllip's complllan on ileck near the florecastle. looking at sollle f the Governor's glnir-l boats .nulking fast to It Ibltuv of a ship in the bla?, in order to watch theit money, that it mtight not ie ctitrried out of the coullntry, Mr. lnarnt prol osed, as ia plan folr a wager, Itohe being remarkably good swimt mier, to leap oh l tlhe gtunt\thale of the ship, and dive ill the way -titie under water, front the slip to the ieatis at that distance, atnd to rise utp ipnn them, to starntl the people on watch in themi. .A wag.er beintg laid, he undressed, junmpctd off, and dived entirely out Of. sight. Everyvlod c :ouwded forIwatrds, keeping their ieye at thei dis tallce when ho s\tias expeclted to cntie tup, but lie, never rising Ito their expectation, andl th tiete running past their hopes of overse.inghint maoeit wasjustlhconcinle d he stats dtroin'e,1, and evervtody was in confusion ait, the forward parlt of lth ship; then lcncealing himiself the relmainig part of the d;\ay in tI closet in the stite roosi, r ipped hi'solf ttp in it lihne night -ow\n of Mr. \Valker's. Ev.,nin- (-(it' ing on, the whole ship's omilllpany heig vetry mtlelancholy at the arccident, I-r. Wialker retired with a .friend or twtl to hits callint whlre in their ol-iv.rs?tioliln ithe often la tinntedl the sai accident and i-sa oft their friend and dear ncomipanions, speaking ofit ,;ery n"-ri lie hail when living, w:hich is tle unetile-il praise gentlratll.s given to sor fritends. when they can receive nothing else frot uits. The sup posed desrl mit ret mnaied still quiet, and heard more things said to ha memory, than hlle would per haps else have over in his life-timte heard spoken to his face. As soon as it was night, Mr. Walker's company lef: him, and he being in low spirits w:ent i, bed, where laying still petnsive on tine Ilte loss of his companion and friend, and the mo1n shhininl dilrect througih te twindows. lie pereivted the folding doors of the cl-iet to open, iand, looking ste ulfast \\\'iltowards them, saw soinelthing whtich eouil- ntot ftil of staorline hit,, Is Ite inmagined it ai re rescll ation of at hian figurell , but recalling his bhoet ter set i lie was fain to prsluatde him self it was only the workings of the dils turbed fan.cy, and turnedil away his eyes. Ienwever, they soon iu again retlrnled in searchl of the object, heli recognised, the ilnage of ls departed friend. let has not t1eon asthatred to own h? felt terirors that hlook his inmost soul. The tmate who lay in the steerage at the back iof the cabin, thearing MIr. Wtalker's " Whot are yo?" ran to hihn with the candle, and meeting lMr. BIrnott, dropped down with an ejacu laition. Mr. Bylirnet, now bteginning to tbe afraid, ran ttstarnellingliotllt le knlote lay in the window, and applied it to the eswooning mate. The actions of tMr. Bnr not dissolved the apprehellnsions of t r. Walker. more especially when imr. Burnet said, "Sir ! I mistiaskl your pardon, I car ried the joke too far: I swam round and catie in at the cabin window. I t eant, sir, to prove to what ren theo n te "rl awe the bravest nlmust lie uinder at such tappealrances, ind ha lve, I htlpe, convinetl you in your self." SIr. Walker replied, " sir, yoii have given me a lively instance-thiere needs ino proof ; but take care yoi rintg noit death among s it in earnest." HIe then lent his aid to the recovery of the mate. Siulice it to say the poor itt-to never rightly recovered the iuse of his senses from that hour. -Nature had received too great a shock. easonl hald een flung from her seat. A cionstant stupidity hung rounid hint and lie couldl never be broghtg to leik direct at Ste. Iurneti afterwards, though hlie wa-its as bravy it mit an, as ever went, in all his senses, to face diath lIv ,lasliight. 