The Terror Inside the Threshold. Stolid, lothargic, mulish, and not to bo taught by oxpcrionco ; that is tho character of tlio Anglo-Saxon. It haa not been much modified in this eloarer Australian climato. Ho profits by no warning, howover terrible. It is only when tho enemy is at his gates that lie begins to think of preparing to meet him. Then, if the enemy retires to wait for a better opportunity tho Anglo Saxon, good cany man, goes comfortably to slcop again,- instead of setting his defences in order to repel tho next invasion. A good example of this may be found in the way in which'-wo went to work, like Bedlamites, to drill soldiers, and build fortifications, when wo thought tho Russians wore coming, and then, when wo discovered tho alarm was promaturo (only promaturo, not ground, less, romembor), disbanded our soldiers, dis continued our fort- building, reducod tho garrisons, of-.the forts already..built to an average of throo purblind gunners,- and sank into slumber oneo moro with a wide smile of security ou our faces. But a grimmer and ghastlier illustration t!mn this is to be found in the manner in winch wo allowed a deadlier enemy than the Russians—Typhoid Fever—to grow up out of seething rottenness without troubling ourselves nbout it, until troubling of any kind was almost too late, Now, when Death hus come to dwell in the same street with perhaps in the same house—wo com mence to curse fatoaud the Board of Health. Tho papers reek with letters—which should bo fumigated before boing road, even in print—denouncing scores of nuisances in every suburb—nurseries of disease and sloughs of death, os ouo correspoudcut vigorously described thorn. But why all this furious uproar about them now? They did not spring into oxistonce in a night. They are old familiar landmarks. They have oxistod in the same places, peacefully breeding typhoid germs, for years. No fierce light of oriticistn was lot in upon thorn, no complaints were made about them, till, touched bv the vivifying auu, tho gorms brod within them wont forth to do their appointed duty and play havoc with the census. How was this? Everybody who knew any thing— everybody who posses sed even a rudimentary organ of smell, and most pcoplo have that much—know that those ancient rottannesses would, if undis turbed, breod death hoonor or later. No ghost of a typhoid victim was required to come frpm tho other world to tell them this. They knew that fatality waits upou filth as Hu rely as that night follows day. Why, then, all this aireotation of surprise and horror at tho outburst of typhoid now ? It ia merely another Anglo-Saxon character The only inforonoo to bo drawn from the present panic is that the people who are making tno most row havo no direct disliko of filth dHjilth, but only when considered in directly as tho cauHQ of diseaso to thomsolvcs or their own particular friends. Further, tltoy aro callous. The noxt street to thorn might be depopulated, and thoy would not tako any interest in the fact (if they were sure of being safe themselves) othor than as a subject of conversation. It is only when the skeleton hand knocks at their own doors, or comes so close that they feel the damp smell of the grave in tho air, that they rouse themsolves and reud the welkin with howls for vengeance on the Municipal Couucil and tho Board of Health, and every tiling and everybody thoy can think of. Their son or ilaugliter, or dearly beloved rolativo, is at tacked by tlio disease, and thoy think that tho entire population should riso iw one man Aud paint themselves crimBon in the goro of Town Councillors and Inspectors o! Nui sances. They forgot that their son or daughter, or dearly beloved relative, is no more to the public at large than the son or daughter, or dearly beloved relative, of any body else. And the chances are, too, that theso are the very people who had most cause to dread (if anybody had ever any cause to dread such good-natured, easy gomg persons) the visits of Inspectors of iSuisances. Iho fact is that there is little use in ap pointing Insnccters of Nuisances if people, instead of helping, try to thwart them in the execution of their duties. This may bodono passively, as well as actively. Every house hold contributes a certain quantity of refuse matter to the general total, and it is the duty of every householder to see that it is all car ried away, and not allowed to accumulate in SKS?dirt-pits, ori used (as some filthily thrifty folk use it) to fertilise garden patches. If it is not carried away he should give notice to the proper authorities. They will perform their part of the contract if he perform hU, Every householder should bo his own Inspector of nuisances. If this sani tary truth were generally appreciated, and acted upon, wo should hear little—if wo heard anything, nboiit native-born epidemics, because there would bo no beds for them to breed in. Uncleanness is sin, and tho wages of sin wo kaow to bo death. Wo are getting all our arrears of pay now. 