PEDESTRIANISM. HANDICAPPING FOOT RACES. 10 THE EDITOR. Sir—Will you kindly find me space in your paper for a few remarks on the above sub ject? I want to know on whst system gentle men who undertake the duties of handicap ping foot races go upon when trying to put the competitors on equal terms. We are asked to send in our last two years' per formances, so that they may get some idea of our meritB, and yet, as a rule, when the han dicaps are declared the most absurd mistakes appear, the winner's name generally stioking out a foot, which takeB away all interest in the race. Take, for instance, the handicaps in the Sheffield last Saturday on the Oral. P. H. Roberts waB scratch, and Keen—who is well known as a fast sprinter and had good performances—gets 13 yards, and makes a dead heat with Correll (11 yards) in the final for first place, doing 117 yards in 12 sec., or the full distance in 13J sec.— about a quarter of a second outside of even time. Now, what possible chance bad Roberts or myself to beat this man ? It simply means we must be able to run fully one second under even time, doing 130 yards in 12 sec. I know 1 cannot or ever could do it, and no one else either. Why do not the Associations and athletic clubB engage the services of first class men like Messrs. Morcom, Broderick, Furnell, and A. McDonald, who have every man's performances at their finger-ends, even if they have to pay a guinea or two, instead of putting it into the hands of novices? It is quite time a little more interest was taken in this important work, because at present, although we back men go on enter ing for different races and start, we only do it to show how impossible it is for us to win or even get placed, and it becomes rather monotonous never having a ghost of a show to get near the front. Then, again, I certainly think bandicappers should bear in mind that although we old pedfi could go some seven years ego we do not improve as time rolls on, and cannot be expected to give young fellows who are just coming on such starts as 18 yards in 130, and it is not fair to handicap ub on our name and ignore performances. Somebody says, " What's in a name t" Well, mine seems to keep me hovering about the scratch mark, although I know of Beveral young athletes who can give me a start ana beat me, and yet 1 am often asked to give them 10 or 15 yards. I would like also to suggest that when a competitor enters for a race, and says he has never run before, he should never get more than half the limit at the very moBt, because the very faot of the handicapper knowing nothing about him shonld make him careinl about not letting a maiden runner in too easily at first. If this was carried out we should not have so many races ran away with by the limit men. Trusting some attention may be paid to those remarks bv the authorities of clnbs and handicappere in general -I am, Sir, &c;„ EX-CHAMPION. 