THE CRADOCK GHOST. TO THB.EDiTOB.~~ ' ' *T Sir— Although my. name has been men tioned on two or three occasions in con nection with the above subject, yet up to the present I have Bhrank from willingly ap pearing in tne ranks of disputants or appear in the role of an 'interpreter of the mystery.' I had hoped before thia: the. father of the child— who has asserted so emphatically that there is no fraud— would have vindicated his own reputation and removed the stigma cast upon his child by the letters from Messrs. Evans and Jones, and prove that the conclu sions -were utterly ?-unwarranted ? ?'? by the evidence. This has not been, done, and until' the child has' been subjected: to a thorough scientific examina tion, all the assertions on the one Bide and the denials on the other will have no effect in satisfying the public mind. 7 f :J, . It waB no idle curiosity that prompted my taking a long journey oha dirty night to see the child, but in the hopes of gaining infor mation. IJiad read all the: reports and listened to many statements, yet I had formed no opinion, and as far aB I am aVle to know myself, was neither prejudiced in favour or against. If it could have been proved beyond a doubt that a ghost waB present,. I was quite ready to accept the evidence, and 'henceforth- believe in -the- possibility ~ .of ... Buch . .visitors. From alll saw that evening I was convinced that some of the reports were not reliable. ThiB is excusable. It has been proved that those who are very susceptible and who be lieve in ghosts and hobgoblina and all Buch tribes, are not the moBt accurate recorders of what they see. Imagination has much to do with the formation of their ideas, and the same influence prevails when it ib 'related. Perhaps it cannot be otherwise, but it ia un fortunate from a scientific standpoint. I have no reason to suppose that the child's father ?is -in any way connected with the 'per- formance,' and it is still harder to believe that the child has gained thia standard of deception unaided or uninstructed. I can conceive of no motive that would induce a conspiracy of thiB kind. The family and friends appear to be a quiet unsophisticated lot, the child is not 9 yeara of age, ye, I am told these strange ' performances' have been witnessed almost nightly for thirteen or fourteen weeks. As far as I am able to judge from the conversation and observations with and of the child I should say Bhe was utterly incapable of consciously 'performing' for such a long time in the presence of bo many witnesses and under such Bevere tests as she has been subjected to without the deception being discovered. My opinions in these particulars are at variance with Mr. Evans. The 'pretty piece of acting,' aa it is described-y Mr. Evans, or the 'fits' spoken of by Mr. Healy, is of far more importance than; the knocking. If the cause of the former is discovered the latter may be easily Bolved. If the child consciously made the raps the evening I saw hex she did not dis play one-tenth ot the skill she exhibited in the 'pretty bit of acting.' The sounds resembled a' dull thud, scarcely audible. The impressions I received after Beeing the child was that she was- heavily charged with animal magnetism ; that under certain conditions and at different times it became localized, and then acted directly on the nerves. -If thia hypothesis is correct it will doubtless account for her extreme sensitiveness at the approach of any foreign substance. A child cunning enough to deceive, as we are .told she haa done, would scarcely 'show her hand' and display her falsity without the most forcible ' compul sion. It ib scarcely likely she would shrink from a bottle before it touched her. The fact of her doing so seems to me to support my theory. ; : ??-'- - I do not deny that the raps came from the child. I am certainly inclined to think tbey did. and possibly may. have been done with her hand. But the point that still remains to be proved iB whether the child was con scious or unconscious. Looking at the case and its surroundings, I am strongly inclined to think she was unconBcions. In theinterest of science I should like to Bee the matter Bettled beyond a doubt. I may also add if the child haa perpetrated a fraud she has done it skilfully, and I for one shall be ready to forgive her.— I am. Sir, &c;, - V ??? J. HANCOCK; JUN. Bible Christian Manse, Port Augusta.' 