THE GHOST’S TOUCH. FIRST PART. IV. (Continued.) BY WILKIE COLLINS. AUTER OF "THE WOMAN IN WHITE." JEZEDEL'S DAUGHTER." &c.;, &c.; “Had she no relations in Endland?" Mr. Rayburn asked. “She was literally alone in the world, sir. When I tell you she had been brought up in the Foundling Hospital, you will under stand what I mean. Oh, there is no romance in my sister-in-law's .story! .She. never lias known, or wili know, who her parents were or why they deserted her. The happiest moment in her life was the moment when the and my brother tirst met. It was an in stance, on both sides, of love at first sight. I hough not a lieli man, my brother had larned a sufficient income in mercantile pur suits. His character spoke for itself. ' In a word, he altered ail the poor girl’s prospects, as wo then hoped and believed, fur the better. Her employers deferred their retui n to Australia, so that she might be married from their house. After a happy life of a few weeks only l —" His voice failed him; ho paused, and turned his face from the light. “ Pardon me,” lie said; “I am not able, even yet, to speak composedly of my brother's death. Let me only say that the poor young wife was a widow, before the happy days of the honeymoon were over, limt dreadful calamity struck her down, before my brother had been committed to me grave, her file was in danger from brain feier.” Those words placed in anew light Mr Rayburns first fear that her intellect might he deranged. Looking at him attentively, Hr Zuit seemed to understand what was P™3 ij l Hie mind of Ins guest. Ao !'lie said. “If the opinions of the medical men are to he trusted, the result of ie injury is illness to her physical strength —not injury to her mind. I have observed w >ier, no doubt, a certain waywardness of temper since her illness: hut that is a trifle. As an example of what I mean, I may tell you that I invited her, on her recovery, to lay me a visit. M y house is not in London -tne an-doesn’t agree with me—my place W residence is at .St. Ami’s-on-Sea. lam o myself a married man; but tny excellent ’ ei ' ee P er would have received Mrs Zmt ' . ,Itni °st kindness. JSlic was resolve-.! obstinately resolved, poor tiling—to re iiiiii m Loudon. It is needles to say that, a lei melancholy position, I am attentive to lti.sliwlitest wishes. I took a lodging for wr, and at her special request I chose a "hieli was near Kensington Gardens.’’ lele any association with the gardens lerl Mis Zaut to make that request ?” f. ■Value association, I believe, with the S°7 °, f Ilcr husband. By the way, I vf t* n C SI ‘ IC finding lier at home, ' lOll 1 to-morrow. l)id you sav (in the v'■ l . se ui interesting statement) that t- I ]' , “ JS J’ oll supposed—to return to kington Gardens to-morrow ? Or has my memory deceived me ? lr ) our memory is perfectly correct.” j: . l,tn ,, yi'H- 1 confess I am not only 7an| SS r 'T ’’'bat yon have told me of Mrs lhd~r V ltaloSs . to b' lo "' how to act for rh».> Je c - T 01ll y idea, at present, is to try 3™ air awl scene. What do you think yourself:” I think you are right.” beta . r stiH hesitated. “It would not ,‘ i“i' iiie, just now,” lie said, “to T(. D1 ", Patients and take her abroad.” bimi fio \ VIuUS re P'y 4,0 ’'bis occurred to Ray iiihfii'ii.. 'T! 1 ot " ’ lu A'er worldly experience liav„ IIU . 1 “t certain suspicions, and might ~ 'j'nanied silent. Mr Ravburn spoke, hr,, y 11 °’ ru " e ' v your invitation and take V, °J mr bouse at the sea-side?" lie said, tide „i' - i ler P’ cx vd state of Mr Zaut’s mind, failnl f' n course of action had apparently Iri-hi ° itself. His gloomy face '‘ r! sbteued directly. ; ! lc s ai J - “ I will cer- Ann'ea t C yc ,’ n . 1 advice. If the air of St. healtl. Q “ nothing else, it will improve her looks ’ Dill «u e ‘ P . u Ol t 0 recovei ' ber good happier da' i 2 stn^ e J' oll as having been (in PP or days) a pretty woman ?” ask~ilmn~ B |. a str ? n S e 'y familiar question to the oit-m, at , an '“delicate question, under pression • ms !i anc l 9 s ’ A certain furtive ex to im n i v J, Zant’s fine dark eyes seemed pose hat “ bad been put with a pur- Havi n> s . possible that he suspected Mr ‘aspired r,, !nte ' efit “t his sister-in-law to be fectlv un,Mfi'7 motive which was not per andL? Cl , fis!l aml Perfectly pure ? To to i Ur p , c 1 a conclusion as this, might he ivj 3'' lstl] y and cruelly of a man who cacy nf Fn P r°' l y S u 'lty of a want of deli bis best f 6 ln ®' Rayburn honestly did view At ~a ssume the charitable point of denied «.„ f i 1 - Bame , time, it is not to be careful! 118 " or i s ’ wheu he next spoke, tike his l eav .g guarded, and that lie rose to Mr J ° hn Zant hospitably protested. «‘ Why are you m such a hurry ? Must you really go? 1 shall have the honor of returning your visit to-morrow, when I have made arrangements to profit by that excellent sug gestion of yours. jGood-bye. God bless you.” He held out his hand: * hand with a smooth surface and a tawny color, that fer vently' squeezed the fingers of a departing friend. “ Is that mau a scoundrel ?” was Mr Rayburn’s first thought, after he had left the hotel. His moral sense set all hesitation at rest—aud answered : “ Vou’re a fool if you doubt it. ” SECOND PART. V. Disturbed by presentiments, Mr Rayburn returned to his house on foot, by way of trying what exercise would do towards com posing his mind. The experiment failed. ITc went up stairs and played with Lucy; he drank an extra glass of wine at dinner; he took the child and her governess to a circus in the evening; he ate a little supper, fortified by another glass of wine, before he went to bed —and still those vague forebodings of evil persisted in torturing him. Looking back through his past life, he asked himself if any' woman (his late wife, of course, ex cepted !) had ever taken- the predominent place in his thoughts which Mrs Zant had assumed—without any discoverable reason to account for it ? If he had ventured to answer his own question, the reply' would have been : Never ! All the next day he waited at home, in expectation of Mr John Zant’s promised visit, and waited in vain. Towards evening the parlor-maid ap peared at the family tea-table, and presented to her master an unusually' large envelope, sealed with black wax, and addressed in a strange handwriting. The absence of stamp and postmark showed that it had been left at the house by a messenger. “ -Who brought this?” Mr Rayburn asked. “ A lady, sir—in deep mourning.” “ Did she leave any message?” “ No. sir.” Having drawn the inevitable conclusion, Mr Rayburn shut himself up in his library'. He was afraid of Lucy’s curiosity' and Lucy’s questions, if he read Mrs Zant’s letter in his daughter’s presence. Looking at the open envelope after he had taken out the leaves of writing which it con tained, he noticed these lines traced inside the cover: “ My' one excuse for troubling yon, when I might have consulted my brother-in-law, will be found in the pages which I enclose. If we had been strangers in the common meaning of the word, I should not have ventured to intrude myself on your atten tion. But I have produced an impression on you (without any' design to do so) which has set me in the light of a woman to be pitied. To speak plainly, you have been led to fear that I am not in my' right senses. For this very reason, I now appeal to you. Your dreadful doubt of me, sir, is my doubt too. Read what I have written about myself— and then tell me, I entreat you, which I am: A person who has been the object of a super natural revelation? or an unfortunate crea ture who is only fit for imprisonment in a mad-house ?" Mr Rayburn opened the manuscript. With steady attention, which soon quickened to breathless interest, he read what follows: VI. Yesterday’ morning, the sun shone in a clear blue sky—after a succession of cloudy’ days, counting from the first of the month. The radiant light had its animating effect on my poor spirits. I had passed the night more peacefully than usual; undisturbed by the dream, so cruelly’ familiar to me, that my lost husband is still living—the dream from which I always wake in tears. Never, since the dark days of my sorrow, have I been so little troubled by' the self-tormenting fancies and fears which beset miserable women, as when I left the house, and turned my’ steps towards Kensington Gardens—for the fiist time since my husband’s death. Attended by’ my only companion, the little dog who had been his favorite as well as mine, I went to tile quiet corner of the Gar dens which is nearest to Kensington. On that soft grass, under the shade of those trees, we had loitered together in the days of our betrothal. It was his favorite wall:, and lie had taken me to see it in the early days of our acquaintance. There, he had first asked me to be his wife. There, we had felt tlfe rapture of our first kiss. It was surely’ natural that I should wish to see once more a place sacred to such memories as these ? I am only 2.” years old; I have no child to comfort me, no companion of my’ own age, nothing to love but the dumb creature who is so faithfully fond of me. I went to the tree under which we stood, when my dear one’s eyes told his love before he could utter it in words. The sun of that vanished day shone on me again; it was the same noontine hour; the same solitude was round me. I had feared the first eilcct of the dreadful contrast between past aud pre sent. No! I was quiet and resigned. My thoughts rising higher than earth, dwelt on the better life beyond the grave. Some tears came into my eyes. But I was not un happy. My memory of all that happened may’ be trusted, even in trifles which relate only to myself—l was not unhappy. the first object that I saw, when my eyes were clear again, was the dog. He crouched a few paces away from me, trembling piti ably, but uttering no cry’. What had caused the fear that overpowered him ? I was soon to know. I called to the dog: he remained immov able —conscious of some mysterious coming thing that held him spellbound. I tried to go to the poor creature, and fondle and comfort him. At the first step forward that I took, something stopped me. It was not to be seeu and not to be heard. It stopped me. The still figure of the dog disappeared from mv view; the lonely scene round me dis appeared—excepting the light from heaven, the tree that sheltered me, and the grass in front of me. A sense of unutterable expec tation kept my eyes rivetted on the grass. Suddenly, I saw its myriad blades rise erect aud shivering. The fear came to me of something passing over them with the invis ible swiftness of the wind. The shivering advanced. It was all round me. It crept iatonthe leaves of the trees over my head; they shuddered, without a sound to tell of their agitation; their pleasant natural rust lin'’ was struck dumb. The songs of the biiTl had ceased. The cries of the water fowl on the pond were heard no more. There was r. dreadful silence. But the lovely sunshine poured down on me, as brightly as ever. - In that dazzling light, in that fearful sileuce, I felt an Invisible Presence near me. It touched me gently. At the touch, my heart throbbed with an overwhelming joy. Exquisite pleasure thrilled through every nerve in my body. I knew him ! From the unseen world—him self unseen —he had returned to me. Oh, I knew him ! And yet, my helpless mortality longed for a sign that might give' me assurance of the truth. The yearning in me shaped itself into words. I tried to utter the words. I would have said, if I could have spoken— et Oh, mv angel, give me a token that it is You 1” But'l was like a person struck dumb—l could only think it. The Invisible Presence read mv thought. I felt my lips touched, as my husband's lips used to touch them when he kissed me. Aud that was my answer. A thought came to me again. I would have said, if I cutild have spoken—“ Are you here to take me to the better world ?” I waited. Nothing that I could feel touched me. I was conscious of thinking once more. I would have said if I could have spoken— “ Are you here to protect me?” 1 felt myself held in a gentle embrace, as my husband’s arms used to hold me when he pressed me to to his breast. And that was my answer. The touch that was like the touch of his lips, lingered and was lost; the clasp that was like the clasp of his arms, pressed me and fell away. The garden scene resumed its natural aspect. I saw a human creature near, a lovely little girl looking at mo. At that moment, when I was my own lonely self again, the sight of the child soothed and attracted me. I advanced, in tending to speak to her. To my horror I suddenly ceased to see her. She disappeared us if I bad been stricken blind. SeTAnd yeti could seethe landscape round me; I could see the heaveu above me. A time passed—only a few minutes, as I thought—and the child became visible to me again; walking hand-in-hand with her father. I approached them; I was close enough to see that they were looking at me with pity and surprise. My impulse was to ask if they saw anything strange in my face or m 3' manner. Before I could speak, the horrible wonder happened again. They vanished from my view. Was the Invisible Presence still near ? Was it passing between me and my fellow mortals; forbidding communication, in that place and at that time ? It must have been so. When I turned away in my ignorance, with a heavy heart, the dreadful blankness which bad twice shut out from me the beings of my own race, was not between me and my dog. The poor little creature filled me with pity; I called him to mo. He moved at the sound of my voice, and followed me languidly; not quite awakened j-et from the trance of terror that had possessed him. Before I had retired by more than a few steps, I thought I was conscious of the .Presence again. I held out my longing arms to it. I waited in the hope of a touch to tell me that I might return. Perhaps 1 was answered by indirect means ? I only know that a resolution to return to the same place, at the same hour, came to me, and quieted my mind. The morning of the next day was dull and cloudy, hut the rain held off. I set forth, again to the gardens. My dog ran on before me into the street— and stopped, waiting to see in which direc tion I might lead the way. When I turned towards the gardens he dropped behind me. In a little while I looked back. He was fol lowing me no longer; he stood irresolute. I called to him. lie advanced a few steps, hesitated, and ran back to the house. I went on by myself. Shall I confess ray superstition ? I thought the dog’s desertion of me a bad omen. Arrived at the tree, I placed myself under it. The minutes followed each other un cvenfully. The cloudy sky- darkened. The dull surface of the grass showed no shudder ing consciousness of an unearthly creature passing over it. I still waited, with an obstinacy which was fast becoming the obstinacy of despair. How long an interval elapsed while I kept watch on the g’ound before me I am not able to say. I only know that a change came. Under the dull grey light I saw the grass move—but not as it had moved on the day before. It shrivelled as if a flame had scorched it. Ho flame appeared. The brown underlying earth showed itself winding on ward in a thin strip—which might have been a footpath traced in fire. It frightened me. I longed for the protection of the Invisible Presence; I prayed for a warning of it, if danger was near. A touch answered me. It was as if ahaml unseen had taken my hand—had raised it little bv little—had left it, pointing to the scorched brown path that wound towards me over the grass. I looked to the far end of the path. By fine degrees, a Shadow rose in the dis tance. Higher and higher it grew, while it moved nearer and nearer. It advanced to the place in which I stood. The unseen hand closed on my hand with a warning pressure; the revelation of the coming dan ger was near me—l waited for it; I saw it. The central depths of the Shadow opened, and showed slowly the glimmer of a ghastly light. In the light a man’s face appeared. It looked at me. It was the face of my hus band’s brother—John Zant. The consciousness of myself as 'a living creature left me. I knew nothing; I felt nothing; I was dead. When the torture of revival made me open my eyes, I found myself on the grass. Gentle hands raised my head, at the moment when I recovered my senses. Who had brought me to life again? Who was taking care of me? I looked upward, and saw—bending over me—John Zant. VII. There the manuscript ended. Some lines had heeu added on the last page: but they had been so carefully erased as to be illegible. These words of explana tion appeared below the cancelled sentences: “ 1 had begun to write the little that re mains to be told, when it struck me that I might, unintentionally, be exercising au un fair influence on yonr opinion. Let me only remind you that I believe absolutely in the supernatural revelation which I have endea vored to describe. Remember this—and decide for me what I dare not decide for myself.” There was no serious obstacle in the way of compliance with this request. Judged from the point of view of the materialist, Mrs Zant might no doubt be the victim of illusions (produced by a diseased state of the nervous system), which have been known to exist —as in the celebrated case of the bookseller Nicolai, of Berlin without being accompanied by derangement of tlm intellectual powers. But Mr Rayburn was not asked to solve any such intricate problem as this. 11c had been merely in structed to read the manuscript, and to say what impression it had left on him of the mental condition of the writer; whose, doubt of herself had been, in all probability, first suggested by remembrance of the illness from which she had suffered —brain fever. Under these circumstances, there could be little difficulty in forming an opinion. The memory which had recalled, and the judg ment which had arranged, the succession of events related in the narrative spoke for themselves, and revealed a mind in full pos session of all its resources. Having satisfied himself so far, Mr Ray burn abstained from consider ing the more serious question suggested by what he had read. At any time, his habits of life and his ways of thinking would have rendered him unlit to weigh the arguments, which assert or'deny supernatural interposition among the creatures of earth. But bis mind was now so disturbed by the startling record of ex perience which he had just read, that he was only conscious of feeling certain impressions —without possessing the capacity to reflect on them. That his anxiety on Mrs Zant’s account had been increased,'and that his doubts of Mr John Zant hud been encou raged, were the only practical results of the confidence placed in him of which he was thus far aware. In the ordinary exigencies of life a man of hesitating disposition, his interest in Mrs Zant’s welfare, and his desire to discover what had passed between her brother-in-law and herself, after their meet ing in the Gardens, urged him into instant action. In half-an-hour more he had ar rived at her lodgings. He was at once admitted. , (To be continued.) 