LONDON TABLE ALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, October 5, 1887. At the West End clubs and most other resorts of masculine society the one topic of conversation just now is the "New inquisition" of the "New journalism." ?' Where viU this sort of thing end?" ados Jones of Robinson, " and what is to become of the so called sanctity of oar private life ?" The rule of editors has hitherto been to comment freely upon any private story made public by public action being taken in the courts or else where, bat to respect private life as long and as far as waa humanly possible, and above all to respect and to shield the re putation of women. The PaU Mall Gazette appears to care nothing for the latter, or Indeed for anything, save the end the editor has In view- Just at present that end happens to be to drive Colonel Hagbes-Hallett, as he drove poor Dflke, oat of the House of Commons. Well, no one wishes to defend the colonel, who from all accounts seems to be a blackguard of the first water. At the same time I protest against a man's social offences being raked up and used against him for political purposes. If such warfare Is once permissible, which of as wQI be safe ? This 1b the talk you usually hear. Sometimes perhaps a man will take up the cudgels for Mr. Stead, and discourse grandly of the editor of the P.M.G.'s " glorious attempt to cleanse the Augean stable of the upper classes." Bat he meets with little sympathy. It is in point of fact once again Mr. Stead, the Salvation Army, and a feir "cranks," against the test of the press and society at large. What might happen if the PaU Mall Gazette's modes and weapons were indeed introduced into political warfare Mr. G. R. Sims amusingly suggests in the fol lowing par. from a journal of the future: —"The utmost activity prevails among the Separatist Party. Several Beats, are likely shortly to be wrested from the Unionist Party. A staff of private de tectives have discovered that the Unionist member for Sloshington has taken a lady, who is not his wife, to the promenade con certs, and his Unionist resignation Is to be demanded. The cook of the member for Muddleham, who has been dismissed for drunkenness, has also placed some impor tant information respecting her master's moral character In the hands of the Separatist chiefs, and this will be published in their London organs. Some startling details may be expected, and the honor able member will be driven out if possible. The Unionist member for Waterloo place has been seen by one of the party's private detectives conversing with a clergyman's daughter who promenades in thatlocality, and has been followed. His wife has been informed of the dream stance, and the clergyman's daughter h— been Interviewed by the special reporter. Another scandal may safely be relied upon, aad the seat will be captured. To allay all nervousness on the part of the Separatist Party, a private intimation has been forwarded to them that no enquiries will be made Into their private affairs. The object of this new crusade is strictly a moral one, but will always be conducted in the interests of the political party to which the promoter belongs. Ho friend of that party need give himself the slightest uneasiness." The " scandal of the day" Mr. Sims defines as "The new journalism," and then goes on to make the following com ments :—" The old proverb abont people In glass houses might now and then sug gest Itself to the non-unionists who are being served by the latest departure In trial by newspaper. There are very few of us who could risk our private lives being dragged Into the light of day. The past of moat men has something in it that they would not like the world to see. If line —if our skeletons axe to be dragged from their cupboards, there are not many man who can fling their cupboards open and aay to the Paul Prya, * Search, and be hanged to you ." The world is fall of sin and misery, and the great drama of human life is played out amid scenes of trial and temptation. The Gospel of Christ teaches us to recognise this, and fie who knows the hearts of all men best bade us beware how we hounded our neighbors down and took the task of judging them upon ourselves. ' Let him that is without sin among you cast the first atone,' said the Divine Mister. If the battle of politics is to be fought out on the new lines some of the political supporters of the new crusades will have to keep their hands ia their breeches pockets when the stone throwing begins. That is, if the l3ivine precept is obeyed. The worst of opposing this new inquisition is that one is charged with defending Immorality. But the people who placard London with the unearthed scandals of private life forget that they do not only injure the wrong doer ; they Injun his friends, his re lations, his children, A man's name belongs not only to himself. When it is publicly besmirched the mud clings to all who bear it. Grant that the man ought to think of this himself first There is still this to be said, that family matters can very well be left to the members of the family to arrange among themselves. If the actual sufferers bear their sorrow in silence, it ill becomes strangers to howl it from the housetops. The mischief that this aort of thing may do, not to tiaa guilty, but to the innocent, is incalculable. And, even worse than that, there is a danger that, by the very brutality of their action, the would-be moralists create sympathy with immorality." The two-year-old brother to Ormonde, a very handsome colt called Ossory, will make its debut next week in the Middle Park Plate. The Duke of Westminster visits Pewmarket specially for the occa sion. Great things are expected from a novel called "Poor Nellie, by the brilliant author of "My Trivial Life and Misfor tune," which was so successful two years ago. Mudie alone has subscribed for 300 copies (900 vols ) Madame Patti has no notion of lagging superfluous on the stage she has for 20 years so splendidly adorned, and will finally retire in 1889. She expresses great contempt for performers who, after bidding the public farewell with any amount of fuss, reappear dla Ristori. It may therefore be taken for granted that her valedictory tour of Europe and the States will be final. Patti's last appear ance on any stage will almost certainly be at Covent Garden in either "LaTravUta" or"ll?arbiere." Amongst the lot of yearlings of her own breeding sold by M. Manton (the Dowager Duchess of Montrose) to her rival, Lord Calthorpe, last summer were the two crack fillies, Seabreeze and Satiety, who have between them pretty well swept the board this season. At Newmarket last week Seabreeze added three more valuable stakes to her winning score. Moreover, the dark sister to Heloiae, Ihebais, and Clairvaux, who was also in cluded in this lucky purchase, is said to be even better than the cracks named. Lord Calthorpe, however, made a sad mistake when he considered tha weedy colt by Isonomy—la Bounds was not worth training, and sent it forthwith into the sale ring. John Porter picked the youngster up for a trifle, and christened him Mon Drolt. The colt has developed into quite as smart a two-year-old as either Seabreeze or Satiety, and already won close on £3,000 in stakes. The Duchea&'a luck was certainly out when ?be sold Seabreeze, Satiety, Devotie, and Mon Droit for £5.000. Any one of these animals would now fetich that sum easily. Despite the magnificence of the scenery and mounting, and the ureek ible Muni's " pretty" acting as Perdita, "A Winter's Tale" has not "caughton"attheLyceum, and Gilbert's comedy, "The Wicked World," baa been hurriedly put iv re heareal. This you may remember was the last of the famous aeries of fairy plafl at the Haymarket initiated by "The Palace of Truth." It was produced on January 4, 1873, and ran just a year. The piece would not, however, have achieved this success but for the author's brilliant parody, "The Happy land," which re-acted on it. To appreciate (he one people had to ace the other. Miss Anderson will, of course, play " Selene," and Forbes Robertson "Efchaia." By the-way, although Miss Anderson denies a teridresse for her handsome jewie premier, It Is distinctly noticeable that her mimic love-making Is less frigid with him than it has ever been with any one else. " Kuddigore" shows signs of giving out at the Savoy, and the long-talked-of revival of " Pinafore" is aaid to be pend ing. The extraordinary popularity of " Dorothy" has always been a mystery to me. Nevertheless it is popular. On Thursday evening last, when the opera completed what the management call " ita first year's run," there wasn't a seat In the house to be had for lore or money. Alto gether " Dorothy" has drawn, it ifl aaid, £55,731 ss. and some odd pence. Not a bad twelvemonth's takings for a email house, eh ? The production of CeHier'a "Sultan of Mocha" at the Strand does not seem destined to set the Thames on fire. It may, however, run through the autumn. The music Is generally pronounced melo dious but lacking In Individuality, and the libretto is feeble. The betting at Lillie Bridge on the occasion of the abortive footrace between Hutchens and Gent was so strongly sug gestive of a "double cross" .that the account given by the tiro pedestrians of the men who threatened them with knives, and eventually drove them off the ground, has been coldly, not to aay scep tically, received. Neither, at any rate, can show in public for some time to come. These "double crosses" are very awkward, aad apt to lead enterprising scoundrels into most uncomfortable messes. At Rewmarket In the spring, you may re member, there was a famous match in which both horses were "running to lose." TTm betting waa so suspicious that the jockeys were cautioned by a Jockey Club steward at the starting-post and had to ride straight. In consequence a well known confederacy dropped, it was said, £10,000. Lord Rodney gave young Robinson £500 for his ride on Kflwarlin. The hitherto unbeaten two-year-old, Satiety, after carrying off ten races ia succession, was easily defeated at Man chester by l#ord Londonderry's HazGl* Tial-ytij by Hermit—TTmuMomi. Mm. Henry Wood's posthumous novel, "Lady Grace," Is, I regret to have to aay, a very indifferent work, quite on worthy " Johnny Ludiow" or the author of " East Lynne." It begins well, but fades away feebly to nothing. Another story from this pen will run through tha Argosy next year. B. L. Farjeon provides tha Christum number of Good Words t aad Sarah Tytlerfthat of the Sunday Magazine. Arrowsmith's annual wfll be a story by Walter Besantentitled "Kate Reglaa." Atalanta, the new magazine for girls between 10 and 17, contains the opening chapters of a promising little story by Mr. Rider Haggard. It is called "A Tale of Three lions," and relates some aiming experiences In South Africa of our old frfcnd Hunter Quatermain. Tntfr? tntn?i portion we are carried off to the goldnelds of Pilgrims' Beat in the Transvaal, and learn how Quatermain and his son Harry yftor wi^ptfm of ?3im^?flying labor In ay seemingly worked-out *l?? come upon a "The Gaverock?," which is Incom parably the best of the many novels Mr. Baring Gould has at present in hand, will be published in three volumes next week. ?'The Deemster." Hall Calne'a aew novel of old-world Manx life, wfll ba published next month in three volumes. It has attracted a lot of attention whilst running through the provincial papers in aerial form. Chatto & Windus have in hand ** English Newspapers," contributions to the history of journalism by EL B, Fox Bourne; "Half-hours with the Bast Novelists of the Century," choice readings from the finest novels by H. T. Mianm^ Bell; Swinburne's new poem "Locrine ; a Tragedy;" and "The Folk-lore of Plants," by Mr. Thistleton Dyer. The Gentleman's annual wfll consist of a complete tale called "The Golden Hoop," by T. W. Speight, the clever author of "The Mysteries of Heron Dyke ;" whilst Bdgravia annual will as usual be made up of a number of short tales. Next year " Undercurrents," by Mrs. Argles (author of " Phyllis," As.), and "The Blackhall Ghosts," by Sarah Tytler, are to be the aerials In Bdgravia. The Pall Mall Gazette seems particularly anxious to bring home the charge of plagiarism to Rider Haggard. It has now discovered that "Allan Quatermain" is nothing more than a vamped np revision of Dr. Mayo'a "KaloolaV' an *?<?^ffMi romance published some 20 yean ago. To enable the great British public to judge for themselves Routtedges have brought out a new edition of "Kaloolah" similar in price, form, and Mnfling, to " Allan Quatermain." It is really a very readable story, and should be popular with admirers of this style of work. By the way, CaaseHs have jaat published a delightful illustrated edition of "Kid napped." 