OIITUARY. ONE of the oldest residents of the Illawarra dis trict passed away from amongst us on Saturday, 5th instant, in the person of the late George Somerville, senr,. who was well known and respected throughout the district. He was a consistent and zealous member of the Wesleyan Church, in connoction with which he laboured as local preacher and class loader for over thirty years ; a labour of love involving-especi ally In earlier times-no small amount of per sonal inconvenience and self-sacrifico. After a long and active life largely spolnt in benefiting his follow man, he died from natural decay, at the advanced ago of ninety-one years, at the residence of his son, John Somerville, at Jonora Vale, and was interred in the Kiama Cemetery on Sunday, 6th instant, being followed to his last mortal resting place by a large cortege of mourners. On Sunday last an obituary sermon in com memoration of deceased was preached by Rev. G. R . Glasson, in the Wesleyan Church, and as is usual on such occassions, the church was ap propriately draped in black. For the second lesson was read, Genesis xxIII, relating the death and burial of Sarah. The text was taken from Genesis xxv, 8-10. " Then Abraham gave up the ghost and died in a good old age, an old man and full of years, and was gatlhered to his people; and his sons, Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamro; the field which Abraham purchased of the sons of Heth; there was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife." The preacher remarked that the presentation of patriarchal life unveiled to us in the book of Genesis furnished at once subject for the most interesting study and most profitable investigation and research. The contrast it afforded was highly instructive. In the days of the patriarchc, and before, there was, to use the words of Holy Writ, no open vision, anrd every man did that which was right In his own eyes. The sins of those times must' be viewed in the light of that reign of independency, Men in those days, like Abraham, for instance, obeyed God not so much because the law constrained them, as be caneo the love of God constrained them. There was much in old-time lifo to ad mire. For instanco, Abraham's parents were idolatere, and the surrounclings of hil home were, of an idolatrous character. We were told by Stephen that the God of glory ap peered to hun in Mesopotamia, and called nim away from his kinsmen and country, and hle loft them, not knowing whither he wont, There was not timeno on the present oooasion to follow hiin through his long and prosperous life. What Ihe (the speaker) wisheod to place in the fore ground was the reality of God's covenant with the patriarch, " Thou shalt be buried in a good old ago." Long life was thus associated with obedience and devotedness to God ; and long after that, Solomon, speaking of true wisdom, aidl, "In her right hand are length of days, and in her left hand riches and honour." But after all it was not so much long lifo as the good woe might crowd into it that mado life desirable. A critical rendering of the text, and one which accorded with fact, gave the reading, " Ie died . , . an old men and full," There was a striking contrast boetwoon his death and that of Isaac, whose end was emlittored by the deceit of Jacob, instigated by his own wifeo And later on Jnaob, when his end wars approaul ing, replied to Pharaoh's question, " Few and evil have eeoon the days of my pilgrimnage.o 'Twenty years had been passed in the shadow of a terrible grief, eassociated with the loss of his son Joseph. Coming down still later in listory we might contrast Abraham's death with that of Eli, whoes sons broke his heart withl grief and caused him to break his nook as he passed out of the world. David, fort many a long year, was haunted with the ronmembrance of God's word spoken against him, and hang ing as a sword over his household. Again, what a striking contrast was there between the character of Albralham and that of many prosporous mon, Tihe ocnly pososesion Abraham craved was tie avea of elaohpelhe, whore the dust of his beloved rented. At aon time hle might have oexlaieod in the words of Woeoaly Noa Innd do I p oosess ; No cottage In tlale teldornoss; A poor wayfar(li mani, The sacond part of God's ovoenant with Abra hlam was that hi should go to his fathers In peace. Not that he 'was to sloop with his fore fathers, already eburied olsewhero, but that he shlould gatheoroed to his people in the land of glory. Tlhree hnndred ansd thirty years after wards, as Mlios stood by. the rook IIoroi he was commanded to put lff his sicoos .from-oi his foot, for the ground whereon lid stood was holy, aseld the Almighty iuctlunced hinseolf as tiho Giod of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacnob; the Lord Jesus Christ omplhasisdd the passage by remarking, "lie is enot the God of the dlond, but of the living." Hlow beautifdl the thnuglit, as the yoars rolled on, (and Abraham IIvaed to eho one hundreod and seventy-flvo years old), that God's covenant was not coonfinedto this life. 'Tho Saviour told the JeeR., Your father Ahrnhacn rejoicedt to soe my dlay, and hle saw It ael was glad," 'lils was the brightest spot in thie old patriarch's alnutnry, Atnhlet the native engageomoets of Ablraham's life tiers was one point in his character wlhich always cneo out prominenln tly, andi that was his rhu ing and intense love for the perishing, as hown in his pleadiing witi God oee bohialif of tlio ieolneed oltes of iBudciee and Goecmorrahl Ien coi. teonmplatilng tile death of such an oUne, we are irrunelatibly led t oxelaeicn in thie laneggea of thie Saorlpttlros, "'heo loary head Is a croeve of gloery wihdn it is fouend In the way of rlghteoeetelse., SLet teeo tlio the delonth of tie rightetooe, nod lot eny last oad Ice ilko eIs," Acel as we teak, our etntel hoelea the steno tIhat seals til? galr cef tie onva, eand aerl c last view of eth shrellll Ithlct anvolelies e the aged patrilroch, we inveleiltarlly exclalac, " Bluossdl are the deadlcl whlil dio in th lerdl froe heeeeonforrth yea, alth thie ?pirit, tIeey rest frelee their iallntra, andl tlhuil worlks dlo follnw thiec," Tiho 1V, U.gontloeian weret olc to reelark tlhat no oblllary Illieue wcas to ie rnald oin Ihe pruoent noaondece, ile had louie ru. qeeatdc, he Hnld, to eltake hi e eoern te aeythliciee tlltt a feecical ereleo ec a, d ht had Iccci l i o e i0llll tle wlehles efthose dptedtly ccli olesly hite? sed, Adei yet he weeil like to addli thati 11 his nudionceo ad oeen indifflornt listeners, and he a very unsuccesAsfl speaker-if in bringing behofore them the death of Abraham, in a good old age; the covenant of God ratified in his triiumphant death and glorious expectations ; the two sons standing beside that patriarch's restina place-heo would have but indifferently done his work if the minds of his hearers had not been dwelling on a scone something like that presented to them only a week ago in the detarture of one waiting but ready to go, and in whom the covenants of God had indeed beeno fulfilled. His lifoelosson was well known to them. The patriarch often pleaded on behalf of offending imani, and how often had their do parted riend sunstained the same relation to sinners. Death taught a solemn lesson, as a voice seoomed to say from the grave, "Prepare to meet thy God," but life also had its lessons, and scorned to say- Act well your part; There all tho glory ties, It was the beauty, glory, deovotednoss, and faithfulness of life that formed the most lasting memorial. The moral worth, Christian charac tor and nobility of soul of their departed friend they had knownl through many years; and now that heo had gone to " whore the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest," and boon gathered to his loved ones in heaven, upon whom should his mantle fall ? In con olusion, the epeakor urged his hearers to yield to the hoaveoly call, and bow their head and heart before Hnim who claiinod their lo;,,hceead ed their service, and waited to receive them. 