LIKE AND UNLIKE. BY M. E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audley's Secbet," " Wyllabd's Weiiid," Ac., Ac. The Eight of Translation is Beserrcd. CHAPTER XL.— Continued. She set one of the tea trays before him, with a little piate of bread and butter, such as Bhe had been cutting for her patients. She rang a bell, and a woman of about forty came into the room, dressed in a grey merino gown end a white cap and apron. She looked like a lady, but she was very thin and gaunt, with n psfc pinched face and a sad smile. She looked surprised at finding a stranger seated by the hearth. " Sister Angela, Mr. Bclfield," said Madge, by way of introduction. " Mr. Belficld is good enough to be interested in our work, Sister." Angela bowed, but made no reply. The two women took half a dozen of the little trays between them, nnd went away to attend to their patients, leav ing Valentine to stare into the lire and brood over his past life. He thought of those careless days on the river, with boat, and dog and gun ; the sheer idleness of fancy which had led him to Madge Darlcy's cottage ; the hold her beauty had taken of him, and his scornful disbelief in her virtue. Aud he now came to this woman in his agony, as the one woman who could give him help and comfort, whose strong brave soul could inspire liim with courage to begin life anew. And having come into this house of pain, he felt as if it would be best of all to stay hero for ever, to be her clerk, her ally, her drudge, only to have the privilege of being near her. He almost forgot his scheme of distant travel, he was ready to grovel at her feet and plead to be allowed to stay with her. She was absent for more than an hour. Ho emptied the tea pot, and looked at his watch a dozen times before she came back. "Are you surprised to see mo hero still he asked. " Yes, I thought you would have gone back to your hotel. This is not a place for you." "I suppose not, yet you told mo if I were in great distress I might come to you for shelter. I hoped to find the name of your house was not altogether a delusion — 1 The Forlorn Hope ' I have no other hope, Madge." " That cannot be true. You have your mother, who adores you." " My mothar cannot help me to hear my burden. It would blast her declining years, bring her in anguish to the grave, to know the nature of my misery. I want some strong bosom to lean upon ; I want some heroic soul to inspire me with courage. Madge, 1 have come to you — to you, as the only woman who can shed a ray of light upon this darkened spirit. I am a viler sinner than any of your lost sheep. Have pity on me if you can, Madge, for I am the kind of sinner whom no one pities. I am a murderer." He clasped her hand in both his own, and drew her uenrer to him, looking up at her with despairing eyes, as she stood looking down upon him speechless with horror, " I killed my wife," "Oh, God I" " I had the confession of her falsehood in my hand, her own deliberate declaration that she had ceased to love me, and that she was passionately in love with another man — that she was leaving me to be his mistress. A pleasant letter for a husband to read, Madge. The ink was wet upon the paper, and she stood there looking nt me — beautiful — false to the core. I struck her to the ground. It was only one blow, but it killed her. Between tho rending of that letter and her death there was but an interval of hnlf-a-dozcn seconds. Tho ink was wet still, and she was lying at my feet looking up at me — dead." " It was horrible," gasped Madge, " an awful, irreparable calamity — but not murder. You did not mean to kill her." , " I will not say as much as that. I think I wanted to kill her — as I would have killed her seducer had he been there — but 1 was sorry the instant she was dead. Tho agony of remorse began before that ink was dry." " You should have confessed the truth ; you should have braved all consequences," " I should. I was a coward and a fool ; a craven, to shrink from the consequences of my wrath. I had a right to be angry. I forgot how frail a thing she was. She fell like a lily — a tall white lily snapped in a storm. One moment, my passion had vented itself, and she was dead.", Aud then he went on to describe that ghastly burial of the dead, in the silence of the summer night. He dwelt on every detail, showing haw vividly every circum stance of that dijvual scene had painted itself upon his memory. He recalled these things shudderingly, as a man relates a bad dream which ho has dreamed again and again. " Did no one suspect you ?" " No oift'has found me out. There is a man I suspect of being some kind of caves- dropper and spy — a man who is on a visit to her father, and who passes for a gentle man." " You must not lose an hour in getting away from England — from Europe — beyond the reach of pursuit, if that be possible. Suspicion once aroused, detection might be easy, and then, having hidden your crime, you might seem a deliberate murderer instead of the victim of a moment's passion. You must sail by the first ship that can carry you. Go to Liverpool to-night by the mail — if Liverpool is the port — and start to-morrow morning." " I am in no hurry." " But, if your secret were once suspected, to leave England then would look like flight and only conflrm suspicion. Go at once, whilo you are free to go." " I have half a mind to stay and take my chance," he answered thoughtfully.- " If you would be kind. to me, Madge— if you would let me spend an hour in tals room Bometimes, haar the sound of your voice, wateli you coming in and going out, I would rather stay in London than go to Africa to look for diamonds and shoot big game. I am not the man 1 was before that night, Madge. When — when I had done that deed my flrst thought was to save my neck — to hide my crime and go scot free. I thought life would be the same as it had been — the hunting- field, the race course, the battue, all the same. I thought I could forget. But when the seasons came round again, and the old sports, and the old people — my God, what a change I All the zest and flavor was gone. I wont about as if I was in a dream, only half conscious of my own existence or the life round me. Wherever I went the same haunting thoughts went with me and a ghost that would not be laid. Oh, Madge, you are stronger tljan I — braver, nobler. Pity me if you can, as the strong Bhould pity the weak." " I do pity yon, poor soul, with all my heart," she answered softly. She bent over him and kissed his burning forehead. For the flrst time in their lives Iter lips' touched him in love, freely given. « "God bless you, Madge, for that ikiss," he faltered. " It shows me that you can pity me. Oh, my love, don't banish me. Let me stay near you — always. Let me serve you as a slave serves his master. Let me get a suit, fustian and corduroy, in Lisson Grove and carry coal and clean windows for you — until you have tried mo by years of faithful service, if you like. God knows I will be patient in consideration of the wretch I am, aud then when yon have found that there is some good in me let me be your husband, and let ug go away to gether to the other end of the world. If there is happiness for me upon this earth it must be found with you." ' She looked at him in silence, with a slow, sad smile, for some moments before she answered. "That is all a dream, Mr. Belfleld, a fe verish dream of your poor, sick soul. - I have my duty here, which 1 shall never leave ; and you know your duty to yourself and to your mother and brother. Think bow their lives would be darkened by grief and sbame if you were brought to answer for your crime and made to appear that which you were not — a deliberate murderer. For their Bake you ought to got away while tho coast is clear. Begin a new life in a new country. Find new duties, as I found mine when my life was most desolate, and in doing your duty and saving .the souls of siuncrs you may And a full atonement for your own sin. And then the shadows will bo lifted, the burden will be lessened, the light will come." "I cannot live without you, Madge. I have yearned for you in my misery. That kis3 has sealed me 03 your own for ever." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 