IRovelist. DAYS OF CRIME AN'n YEARS OF SUFFERING AX ACTOJilOGltAPilY. (Reprinted from ‘‘The Australasian” of 1867 by Special Permission-) . CHAPTER X. / __ THE BIl'Ell IS HIT AX1) IIK SITES AGAIN'. On arriving at Maidstone I went to tho Railway Inn, and remained tlioro till tho lioxt morning. Not liking the house much, I removed in the course of the day to the Royal Hotel. As I always give the world a full account of my proceedings when 1 am (loimj others, it is only fair that I should bo equally communicative •when I get <Inn-! myself. I affected billiards, and fancied I could play well. There was a billiard-room in tho hotel, mid to it I wont on the evening after my arrival there. There was present a rather stylish-looking person, who intro duced himself to me in tho course of the -night. He told me ho was an officer in tiie Royal Artiiiey, and had recently invented some wonderful rocket, which he gave a very hard name to which I forget. He invited me to play 'Sth him. 1 did so, and won £5 from him that night, promis ing to meet him there the next evening. But I was not to bo done in that manner. I knew it was a Common practico among sharpers to allow the victim to win some thing at first, and as I had some slight idea that tho artillery gentleman’s munitions of war were furnished, chiefly by his wits, I was not going to bo plucked so innocently as he imagined. I met him the next night, but declined playing, alleging as a reason that I had been suffer ing from a nervous attack all day. Tho officer seemed by no means disappointed, but entered into conversation in the most imanner, and finally proposed to introduce me to 'a young lady to whom ho was paying his addresses. I accompained him in a cab some two or three miles out of Maidstone, but where I know not, and \- wo alighted at a little cottage, into tho parlor of which wc were immediately shown by the servant girl who opened • tlio door. Nobody was there. In a few minutes a young lady, certainly not inoro than seventeen, made her appearance. I was introduced in the approved fashion— “ Miss Nelson, Mr. Hamilton,—Mr. Hamilton, Miss Nelson.” I have never seen Miss Nelson since that evening, but I retain a most lively recollection of her. She was good- looking, could sing charmingly, and had the most fascinating manner imaginable. Wino was introduced, and although 1 drank only a couple of glasses, it had such an effect upou me that I found it im possible to keep my eyes open. Of the after events of that night I can remember but little. The next morning I awoko .with a most splitting headache, and found myself in. my own room in the Royal Hotel. I jumped out of my lied and dressed myself, and on examining my pockets I found that I had been robbed of all my money except a solitary £10 noto, which, being in a separate pocket, had either escaped notice or boon charitably left me by tho thief. All thieves are dread ful.bad losers. I was no exception to the rule, and I could have cried for very vexa tion. I rang the bell, and asked the waiter how I came home the previous night. Ho told me that I waB brought to the hotel about one o’clock that morning ; that the gentleman who came with me in the cab said I had finished two bottles of claret, and was senselessly intoxicated; that lie and tho gentleman had carried me upstairs, and that the gentleman gave him half a sovereign, telling him to undress mo and get me into bed. Of course I saw in a moment that it was a regular “ diamond cut-diamond ” affair, and as talking would not bring my money hack, I said nothing of my loss. I have seen the ‘ ‘ military officer " since then. We worked together in chains in the same cart some few years ago, and 1 only recognized him by his telling the story of the “ young swell at Maidstone ” for the especial edification of myself and the other cart .parties. Having been so completely oleaned out, " it behoved me to buckle to at once to re plenish my empty pockets, and as my funds would not admit of any lengthy •finessing schemes, I was compelled to coin' mence immediate operations. That very da^, with the zeal of ancient Strabo, 1 made myself completely master of tlio geo' graphy of the place, and before’nightlno' only knew how nil the rooms were situated; but had mademysclf protty well acquainted with the sort of people by whom they wero tenanted. I know well enough that it is quite common for a well-dressed thief to take apartmonts in an hotel and “ barber ” all the inmates ; in other words, to got up in the night, visit all tho rooms, and steal as much as possible. This, in technical language, is called “ Dancing a lushing drum.” Philosophers define instinct as “knowledge prior to experience,” and as I cortainly at that time was wholly without oxperionco in such matters, I must have been under the guidance of tho instinctive faculty. I didn’t go to bed that night, but merely lay outsido tho bed reading. Tho book was of a moral and religious charac ter, but it failed to influenco me with its arguments. By one o’clock tho house was silent, and out I glided, like a ghost. I felt a little norvous on .entering tho first room ; but, despito the model sys tem, I have been remarkable for good nerves on many a trying occasion, and on this first essay in the “dancing" line I was soon as cool as a cucumber. It would be dull work telling how I searched the clothes, made my way to tlio dressing table, pocketed purses, watches, chains, gold pins, and other articles that would produce “ money, and money in any way.” I visited four rooms, and then thought it time to return to my own. The next bedroom to that in which I slept was un occupied, and with tho pocket-handker chief of a commercial gentleman whom I had somewhat extensively fleeced, I tied all tho watches, purses, etc., together, entered the empty bedroom, and placed them safely out of sight on a ledge up tho chimney, keeping out a few sovereigns for my immediate use. Having done this in a neat and workmanliko manner, I retired At eight o'clock I jumped out of bed, slipped on my trousers, and then rang the bell violently. A waiter very soon ap peared. “ Tell tho landlord I want him ; fetch tho police, I havo heeu robbed in the night, Twenty-tlireo pounds and a pro missory noto for thirteen, my studs and my pocket-hook, all gone. Who could havo done it Tho waitor didn’t lot mo go to the end of my sentence, for ho ran to tho landing and called out, “Here’s Ho 7 has been served tho same.” Up camo the landlord. Ho said he was sorry in the extreme ; lie couldn’t con ceive how tho thing could havo been done. Ho loss had over been experienced in his houso before. He was scirry, very sorry. Tho police had been sent to inves tigate tho matter, and ho hoped thoy would succeed in tracing tho robber. Four otlior gentlemen had been robbed Tho inspector of police camo shortly afterwards, and looked into tho rooms, and under the beds, as if he thought tho thief might havo takon a fancy to havo a nap there, asked a variety of questions, took an inventory of tho property lost,and then went away shaking his head and looking romarkably wise. I remained at tho hotel a week, gratis, for as no funds had arrived for mo/I told the landlord I should be forced to leave my bill unsettled. Under ^the circum stances tho landlord of course could not reasonably demur, and at tho week’s end I left Maidstone, and proceeded by tho coach to Chatham. I need scarcely observe that’ I had during the week removed tho “ goods and chattels ” from tho chimney ledge, and convoyed them to Chatham without any fear of consequences. Suspicion'fcll upon the “ military gentleman,” for although not in tho house on tho night in question, ho was well acquainted with tho promises, and his sudden disappearance was unac countable, otherwise than by connecting him with the robbery. Thus was my own safety secured, and 1 at tho same timo “gratified a double grudge”—against the world and against my particular antago nist. The monoy result of my night’s foray amounted to some forty odd pounds —just sufficient to keep mo goiug whilo I struck out some fresh scheme for victimis ing tho world. * CHAPTER XL a ouMrsi-: ok nuiTun thi.w.s. Tho second night I was at Chatham I visited tho theatre. A Miss Lee was to make her appearance in tho character of Juliet, and a very pretty representative of the house of Capulot she was. I re member well with what energy alio vin dicated Romeo in tho lines— “-He was not born to shame: Upon his brow shame is ashamed to sit; For 'tis a throne where honor may be crowned Sole monarch of tiie universal earth 1” I confess that I felt a boyish passion spring up in my bosom for this young girl, and I sat up a great portion of the night com j posing some complimentary verses to her. I called the next day on tho manager of tho theatro, and obtained the address of the actress. I forwarded the verses by post, intimating that I was but a mere youth, and should be glad personally to say to Miss Lee how greatly I had been charmed by her acting. I received a reply tho next morning, thanking me for the verses, and contain ing an invitation to tea for tho ensuing evening, which was a non-performing night. I purchased the handsomest copy of Shakespeare I could find in the town, and the next evening duly presented myself at Miss Lee’s residence. I was received very kindly by the young lady’s mother, who informed me that her daughter Ellen would not be able "to join us until seven o’clock, having been summoned unexpectedly by the manager of the theatre with tho view of permanently engaging her. The mother was a perfect gentlewoman; she told me that Miss Lee had from childhood evin ced a remarkable enthusiasm for tho stage, but that it was with much reluct ance she herself had consented to her daughter’s embracing the theatrical pro fession as a means of livelihood. A little after seven Ellen Lee came homo, and she cordially thanked mo for the verses, declaring, however, that they were by far too complimentary. I pre sented her with the Shakespeare, and uttered some nonsense about recognizing in her a genius fit to breathe life into tho beautiful creations of tho poet’s master mind. An intimacy sprang up between us—a true and innocent friendship, which I look back to it this moment with melan choly pleasuro. Ellen Lee was only an actress at a small provincial theatre, but slio was .beautiful, talented, and good. She gained upon my heart every day, and ,11. soon had no secrets that were mine alone. She was my confessor, sho was my adviser; and she strove earnestly enough to be the good angel of my life, to save me from my own wayward emng self. I used very often to speak t* her about the dangers attending her own pro* fession, and I remember on one of these occasions, she ropliedin Ophelia’s words— " I shall tho effect of this good lesson keep, As watchman te my heart; but, good to my brother, Do not, as some ungracious pastors de, Show me the steep and thorny way te heaven, | And mis9 tho path thyself.” Tho life of guilt is, indeed, a dark, sad life on which tho sunshine of happiness can scarcely for a moment gleam in its unclouded brightness. Tho haunting memory of-crime flings, a deep shadow on our path wljen joy would fain surround us with its light; and as flowers of gladness spring up on our way they are at once blighted by tho curse of guilt, which is ever present to the wicked as an interdict to happiness. Thus it was with myself. I might have been very happy in the society of Ellen Lee and hor mother had I been but inno cent. But being tho guilty thing I was, there was always present an invisible hand to dash from my lips each cup of bliss before I could sip its promised sweetness. And I am sure—let me write as lightly as T may—that thus it will over be. Tlicro aro phantoms ever on the path of crime which scare away the realities that oiler happiness to tho heart! Yes; in those days Ellen Lee would have made me happy, if my own sins had not made mo wretched. She gave mo a sister’s love, and when the darkest of all days came, then came Ellen to comfort and as My life ha3 boen moat guilty ; but still I have sometimes knelt in prayor to God, and then I have prayed that He who loves the pure in heart would ever keep Ellon Lee happy and good as when she first wandered with me through tho Kentish woods noar Chatham, listening to my praises, and believing mo to be as innocent as herself. I passed at least fonr months at Chat ham, and as I lived tolerably frugally, and, in Ellcn’3 soeiety, had no heart for any new wickedness, I committed no fresh crime, but made the money I had pro cured at Maidstone answer all my pur poses. During the period of my intimacy with the Lees I had told Ellon tlio story of my life, requestiughor, however, nottodivulge anything connected with my history to her. mother. Ellen cried bitterly at the recital of my sufferings and my sins, and implored me to let the past he the past, and to commence life anew. I often had a desire to-do this ; but then that past had a power over me for ever. Neither re pontanco nor amendment could give im munity for deeds committed. However, while my money lasted, I did no vio lation to my feelings.. I felt how much happier one could bo following good than pursuing evil, and I refrained from obtain ing “money, and money in any way!’’ But when I had only a pound or two left in my pocket, I was urged by the devil within mo to ronew my warfare upon tho world. I bade Ellon and her inothor good bye, telling them that I hoped in a fow weeks to have tho pleasure of being with them again. 1 did see them more than onco afterwards ; but the story, as it ad vances, will relate where. 1 left Chatham with four pounds only remaining to begin business anew. The particular line of business I had not determined. I had some of tho trinkets which I Had stolen at the Maidstone Hotel by me still, and those I converted into cash. I went to Herne Bay, and on the second night of my arrival I “ danced" the hotel where 1 wa3 stopping to the tune of twenty-five pounds, a small amount, but sufficient to keop mo in cash for the time being. It was while staying at Herne Bay that I met with an advertisement in the London Times which had been inserted by my father. It merely stated that nothing had been hoard of me since I went to sea, and that if I was still in England I was to writo or go homo immediately, tho ad dress being given. I wrote a letter to my mother, telling her I could not come home —that I had been a bad boy, that there was no home for mo in the future ; that I should like to have a letter from her, which she could direct to my own name at the post office, HernoBay. My mother accordingly wrote mo a long eloquent letter ; she seemed as I read the letter, to bo speaking to me again as sho used to speak to me when I walked by her side when I was a child. ' But it was useless. Tho old deep earnest eloquence was there, but alas! tho heart to which it was ad dressed was changed for over. My mother implored me to return home; she told me they could send me to school again for a couple of years, as they were in business and doing well; and she felt quite sure, sho said, that I could have done nothing very bad, only some boyish wildness which my own feelings exaggerated. In reply to this communication I wrote a more explicit letter, and sent my mother some vorses. The letter, which was a very long one, I cannot remember. The verses have clung to my memory, so I give them :— Mother! darling mother, you are seeking me I know, And I feel thy love will follow through the world where’er I go; But I cannot come, dear mother; I am sadly altered now; The once fair wreath of innocence that gar landed my brow Has faded ne’er to bloom again; and from the things of yore— The fair, the good, the beautiful—I’m severed evermore. My onward way must be a path of darkness and of pain, But I must tread it all alone—I cannot come Of all the changes tbatbave come.I know that this will be, Where all the changes have been sad, the saddest change to thee. I know how much thou’lt weep, mother, foi thy dear boy so lost, And 'tis the sorrow thou must feel that makes me sorrow most. I strove against this darker fate, I struggled, mother, long, I starved and suffered months, mother, ere 1 was linked to wrong; And even now good angels plead to. win ms —but in vain 1 Once fallen is for over lo$t—I cannot corns I’m severed from thee by my sin, but cannol say “forget," Thy love is such a hallowed thing, I ask i even yet; But let it he a memory that images al fair The child that with uplifted hands in faill knell by thy chair. Think of me; mother, as I was, who:: j »y lit up my brow - And my young heart was innocent, but not as I am now. Pray for me. This I know thou It do; but seek me not, *tis vain I I’d throw a shadow on thy home—I cannot come again. They say that in the desert drear some green ness may be found, Some oasis in contrast strango to all the waste around, ' And even thus, within my heart, guilt-dark ened though it be, There is a love all beautiful, that lives and clings to thee. I’m weeping very bitterly, I cannot help tbesc tears, They arc the tribnte memory pays to joys of fleeted years. Good-bye 1 God bless tbec, mother dear ! I sorrow for thy pain. Oh I if I were but innocent, I'd gladly come I distinctly stated in the letter that it would be utterly useless again writing to me as I was on the eve of setting out for a distant part of the country. This was quite true, for the next morning I left Herne Bay, and went again to MaidstonoTI went with a sad heart, thinking of all the grief mymotherwould Buft'eron my account. She had been BUch a good mothor to me ; and I seemed to see her looking down upon me with her full lustrous eyes, and foudly kissing me aud pointing to all the beauti ful things so largoly scattered by tho hand of God through all the universe—just a3 Bhe used to do in the olden days when I was her darling boy, in whoso futuro all her hopes and dreams were centred. And what a future that has been! Better, mother, to have seen me laid when I was innocent in some quiet churchyard, whore in summer evenings you could havp visited the little gravo that held my body with full assurance that my spirit had winged its flight to Heaven ! What sorrow, wretchedness, and suffer ing havo fallen to my lot my own heart knows only. My outward misery has been great; but there has sometimes been an inward torture still more dreadful to en dure. Thou art in Heaven, my mother! and by the inoreased light of thy angel knowledge thou can’st read this heart of mine as mortals read it not. Thou wilt know then, that I have struggled against the evil prompting of my nature ; that I have sorrowed much for tho grief that I have occasioned thee; that at this mo ment the good voice is pleading within me and the good angel sits watching near my heart. Mother | if spirits above can strengthen the struggling spirits on earth, strengthen thou me, so that the voice speak not in vain, and the vigil of tho angel bo not lost. But alasl what hope of being good have I ? It is likely that years and years ago, in that journey to Maidstone, I felt a transient repentance, a momentary yearning for tho good ; that I wept, that I prayed ; and that soon afterwards I re signed inysolf to wickedness, aud was, without compunction, seeking “ money, and money in any way.” Alas for tho in consistency of human nature ! alas for tho wretched weaknoss or good inten tions ! alas for the worthlessness of holy desires disassociated from the persistent energy which ever labours for their fruition. (To be continued.) 