THE CENTENNIAL PALACE. "As I dou't like it, I wont be a-muzzled." And so a grand Centennial House they're going for to bniid To bold tbe boues of those as is by all-night sittings killed. Aud mighty dead of New .South Wales— I wonuer who they'll be? And it when they're together laid they'll peace fully agree? Suppose, now, that old Parke? was there and APrilhone, of course, With Walker and Buchanan, too, most like my kickin horse 1 I think their bones would jUt get up and have a reg'iar go. Unless Jack Robertson was there to keep tight, you know. I s'pose the hopes of epitaphs made voting go the pace, And rattJiu' through both Houses sent the bill in such a race. Though Garran spoke in rare brave 6tyle 'giu their falutiu' plan, They jist was mad for wicked waste — I'll stop it if I cau ! We much suspect?, we workin' men, there's been log-rolhu' there : Theie's alius sometbin' hid, yer know, when things run on too fair. The Opposition had a hint to vote for 'Eury's 'Ouse, Or, if thev didn't, Government would Members Payments dome. The Park's all right— no man what has six boys n-worryin' round Could e'er object togiviu' them some good out- runuin' ground, For Sydney's getting so crammed up. especial in our lanes. "lis well to have a wholesome park where folks cau 'scape from drains. For if you have been smeUln' sich a-mornin', noon and night, A walk and sniff of clearer air makes Sunday seem more bright ; And lakes and gardms sound right cool iu this 'ore sunny clime. But this State House ! — a right dowu waste of taxes, tin and lime. Two hundred thousand pounds they'll spend ! It is a thunderiu' sura On bones and pleasure's for to put ; it do seem , very ruin ' It's hard enough to find a place for livin' bodies now, But mixin ghosts an! dancers up is a queer game, I vow, The risk's too great I — There might be kids a-droppin in from school, Permiskus-like, to see the rum old coves as used to rule : Or wiimnin' p'raps, with nerves as once had suffered from a fright By coiran rather sudden on a stuffed M.P. or 'knight. Two hundred thousand pounds!— To think what trouble's in the world, What lots of sick aud sad there are from post to pillar hurled With scarce a home and ne'er a place to go to when they're old Save workhouses not tit for dogs, if I may make so bold. \J r U Hie otitic U1U3V u.tic uvuac us svtv w» monument It sure might build a Parliament-hall wherein to talk aud " went." Ah me ! To think Australia's come nigh hundred years to-day, And wantsto spend her dower in a big Toy- bouse of;Play '. And if tbe palace e'er is built, who'll go to it? 1 gues3 Tbe rich will find it mnch too far, the poor folk none the less, For tramway fares is tramway fares, with ?ought to spare for jinks Perhaps they'll use it for a store— in intervals of rinks. When seven years of plenty come, they'll go for Joseph's plan And 'fore the droughts is on again will hoard up all they can. One hope there is — before the time Centennial Folly's raised, In one great voice the people's " No " in auser will have blazed. PLUCK x (bis mark). 