WIIiLIA M.STOWN GOSSIP BY LADY TEAZLE Heart whole, and fancy frco. Her ways are ways of pleasantness, And all she tells is trntb. Ladies are not more variable in their moods th in the Williamstown Council. Last year the selection of Mayor was a surprise. One gentleman came to the meeting under the impression that he was to be elected. He was proposed and seconded in due form, but another councillor rose to his feet with another nominee. The reason he gave was that Mr Styles had only been a year in the Council; and although he considered him admirably qualified for the position tiien, still in another year, said he, see how much more capable he will be. Besides, it was urged, a venerable precedent would be violated if the Council elected as Mayor a gentleman who had only been one year in the Council. On Monday, however, councillors unanim ously turned their backs upon the promise they virtually made a twelvemonth before ; no mention whatever was made of it, and they elected a Mayor from the “ new blood.” Possibly they consider themselves better able to judge now than they were then ; there may be reasons for this unanimous change of opinion. A sad falling off on the part of the white-haired boy of a year ago would justify the change ; but hardly any thing else. Has there been a falling off in the white-haired boy ? Councillors are silent; and it is whispered that there is charity in their silence. A splendid joke is told me over the May oral election. When the business was over, the new Mayor invited councillors to do a bumpe^n honor of the event, and amongst ^hu efts.pf the geuns t^io.ea^i, a livelihood'by the sweat of the quill. This scribe, with the blindest disregard for obse quies, turned with his gloss 10 the Mayor and said, “ Here’s luck, Harry 1 ’’ The councillors, I am told, were shocked, and one of them ventured with, “ Don’t say ‘ Harry, ’ say ‘ Your Worship.’ ” The Mayor didn’t know whether he was on his head or his heels, and looked as if he had seen a ghost, or read an acrostic, This curious advertisement was in your last issue :—“ Lost, Black Tom-cat, from spoon dredge ; answers to the name of Amy; reward to anyone bringing it aboard.” To show how tastes differ, I need only mention that black tom-cats are not at all fashionable in my neighborhood. When they form themselves into an Italian opera company and take a lease of the roof, one wishes they would bring the season to a close and go somewhere else with their music—say to the spoon dredge. It is greatly to be deplored that a soft loveable name like Amy should be wasted on a black tomcat, and the nom inor must have forgotten what the-English grammar says on the question of gender. Taking an impartial view of the matter, I am disposed to hope that the loser may never find his black tom-cat, if it was only for the way he has profaned the beautiful name Amy. I hope that he will set his heart on some thing more worthy of his tender solicitude than a black tom cat, and if he does perhaps he will discover a better Amy than the one for which he now mourns. 