OLD-TIME MEMORIES/ TO THE EDITOB. Sir— I noticed recently an account of a 'ghost' that had frightened a police man at the Exhibition, and the statement that two men had been hanged there in the early days. That state ment ia quite correct, and it brought to my recollection that I had a letter from Mr. instey on the subject, and on looking over my papers found the following :— ' HugheB ind Curran, Bushrangers. — I waa present at ihe trial of these ruffians in the Old Supreme Jourt. I see before me now as if yeBterday Surran killing the small black flies as they pestered his eyes, whilst I thought to myself ibat he himself would soon be as those crushed flies, but on the gallows-tree. I remember well the room in the Police Barracks improvised into a guardroom, Frith iron bars to the windows to re ceive these condemned men. The evening before their execution, whilst sauntering out frith my dear old friend George Hamilton ^late Commissioner of Police) we were within sight of this guardroom when Curran recog nising Hamilton, called out, ' Can't you do my thing for us, Mr. Hamilton ?' Hamilton answered ' I am sorry I can't, my poor fellows,' We were both much Bhocked it this ghastly incident. The scene on the 'allows is exactly described by Tolmer, but t never knew till now how Hughes contrived to get that long white clay pipe into hia mouth. I see Hnghea before me quickly mounting the gallows ladder, blowing d_e Santly a 'long cloud' in the full brAvado of hh brutal nature. He struggled with the hang man (masked), tried to kick him, and in being turned off he caught the edge af the trapdoor with one beel, ind there remained supported by the rope round hia neck and his heel on the side of the trap for some seconds. Hughes died like a wild beast, Curran with decency. I never witnessed another execution.' Another letter touched on the first election that took place in the colony, and which perhaps may be found interesting. Although uur present aystem of vote by ballot is far better than the old plan of open voting, still in election nowadays is dull work compared to the excitement and fun that prevailed in the early days. Out first election took place thirty-six years ago, when sixteen members were returned aa representatives of the people and eight were nominated by the Government. Mr. Anstey contested the district of Yatala. He writes as fol lows :— ' I can corroborate Tolmer's praise of the efficacy of emu oil in promoting the growth of the hair. All the overland gentlemen used it on their long journeys, and more than one of them was conspicuous by the length and curliness of their glossy ? lovelocks,' . The mounted police used it to a man, besides greasing their mouBtaches and beards with this wonderful fat. So notorious was their use of it that I remember well at my first political Yatala meeting at Hope Valley being questioned as to my opinion of the mounted police by a Eneering opponent. I expressed my warm approval of that fine body of young men, especially praising them for the very proper care they bestowed on their hair and beards in well greasing them with emu oil to the great delight of all the nursery maids in Adelaide. This was in April, 1851, and my old friend Mr. G. Hamil ton cordially approved of my warm remarks thereon. The great majority of the- intelligent electors present were con vinced by my arguments, and the spiteful objector to the police and their beards shut up.' Our worthy Commissioner used to treat us once a month to the sight of hia well-drilled body of horse and foot police parading through the town. I had not seen them for some time when a few days since on walking in the neighbourhood of King William-Btreet 1 heard a band playing. It first struck me that it must be the Salvation Army, but there were other instruments besides a drum. Then I bethought me of the energetic YaDkee with hia bay norse3, brass band, and tinkling bells, when all of a sudden it struck me that it must be the Police Band. I made the best of my way to King William- street, and fortunately arrived in time to see the procession pass by. There they were marching along in gallant style, the band leading the way. Then followed the troopers on their 'gallant greys,' the foot police bringing up the rear. They certainly are a fine body of men, and a great credit to the colony. I noticed ths satisfaction expressed by the spectators, aid could well fancy the deb-ht of our General if he had such a body of men to a**d to the Permanent Force. There ?was only one man among the onlookers who did not give_ unqualified praise. Those around seemed inclined to resent hia remarks, but on finding that he was a Port man they made allowance for his wounded feelings and let him go scot free. Although one could scarcely fancy anything that conld possibly add to the appearance of either officers or men, Btill the Commissioner might like to follow in the footstepa of hia predecesaor. and aa a tribute to his memory recommend thia 'incomparable' oil to them, I am, Sir, &c;, THOMAS GILES. 