POETRY. THE YOUNG PRINCESS. A ? BALLAD OF OLD LAWS OF LOVE. (From the Esotxsu Illustrated ilis-ucns.) I. i. When the Sonth sanjr like a nightingale Above a bower in May. The training of Love's vine of flame Was writ in laws, for lord and dame To sav their yea and nay. n. ? When the Sonth sang like a nightingale Across the flowering nisht, And lord and dame held srentle sport. There came a vonns princess to Court, A frost of beamy white. in. The Sonth sang like a nishtineale To thaw her jrlitterins dream. No vine of Lore her besom gave. She drank no wine of Love, bnt jfrare She held them to Lore's theme. IV. The South jrrew all a nightingale Beneath a moon unmoved. Like the banner of war she led them on ; She left them to lie. like the light that has gone From wine-cups overproved. v. When the South was a fervid nightingale, And she a chilling moon. 'Iwas trity to see on the garden swards, Against Love'a laws, those rival lords as willow-wand« lie strewn. vt. The South had throat of a nightingale For her, the young princess. She gave no vine of Love to rear. Love's wine drank not, yet bent her ear To themes of Love no less. IL The lords of the Court they sighed heart-sick, Heart-free Lord Dusiote lasghed. I prize her no more than a fling o* the dice. But, or shame to my manhood, a lady of ice, We master her by craft ! H. Heart-sick the lords of joyance yawned, Lord Dusiote laughed' heart-free. I count her as much as a crack o' my thumb. But, or shame of my manhood, to me she shall come Like the bird to roost in the tree ! in. At dead of night, when the palace-guard Had passed the measured rounds, ? The young princess awoke to feel!'''7 ? A shudder of blood at the crackle of steel Within the garden-bounds. . IV. It ceased— ana she thought of whom was need, The friar or the leech : ? When lo, stood her tirewoman breathless by Lord Dusiote, madam, to death is nigh, Of you he would have speech. v. He prays yon of your gentleness . To light him to his dark end. The princess rose, and forth she went, For charity was her intent. Devoutly to befriend. -... . . . YL Lord Duaiote hung on his good squire1! arm, The priest beside him knelt. A weeping handkerchief was pressed To stay the red flood at bis breast, And bid cold ladies melt.''' ' ? til O lady, though yon are ice to men. All pure to Heaven as light, v Within the dew within the flower, . Of you 'tis whispered that love his power ? When secret is the night. ? vnr. X hare silenced the slanderers, peace to their souls ! Save one was too cunning forme, t die, whose love is late avowed, .. He lives, who boasts the lily has bowed , To the oath of a bended knee. ?'. ix. Lord Dusiote drew breath with pain, . And she with pain drew breath. On him she looked, on bis like above; She flew in the folds of a marvel of lore,' Bevealed to pass to death. x. . You are dying, O great-hearted lord, Tou are dying for me, she cried ; O take my hand, O take my kiss, And take of your right for love like this, The vow that plights me bride. XI. She bade the priest recite his words While hand in hand were they. Lord Dasiote's soul to waft to bites ; He had her hand, her vow, her kiss, And his body was borne away. III. Lord Dusiote sprang from priest and squire ; He gazed at her lighted room. ' . ' r The lauK liter in nil heart grew slock ;.: He knew not the force that pushed him back From, her and the morn in bloom. Like a drowned man's' length on the strong flood tide. ? Like the shade of a bird in the sun. He fled from his lady whom he might claim As ghost, and who made the daybeams flame To scare what he had done. HI. There was grief at Court for one so gay, Though he was a lord less keen For training the vine than at vintage-press : But in : her soul the young princess Believed that love had- been. Lord Duslote fled the Court and land. He .crossed the woeful seas, Till his traitorous doing seemed clearer to burn. And the lady beloved drew hia heart for return Like the banner of war in the breeze. , 'He neared the palace, he 'spied the Court' And musio be heard, and they told ?' Of foreign lords arrived to bring . ?'--?'' The nuptial gifts of a bridegroom king To the princess grave and cold. vi. ^ The matque and the dance were cloud on wave, Ana down the masque and the dance Lord Dusiote stepped from dame to dame, And to the young princess he came. With a bow and a burning glance. VII. Do you take a new husband to-morrow, lady? — She shrank as at prick of steel. Must the first yield place to the second, he* bitched. Her eyes' were like tho grave that is wide . s For the corpse from head to heel. * ' -[ ?. vm. . My lady, my love, that little hand Has mine ringed fast in plight. I bear for your lips a lawful thirst, . * And as' justly the second should follow the first, ' I oomo to your door this night. IX. If a srfaost should come a ghost will go. -'o more the lady said. Save that ever when he in wrath began To swear br the faith of a living man. She answered him, Vou are dead. IV. L. The soft nizht triad went laden to death With smell of the oranqe in flower ; The li^ht leaves praixied to neighbour ears ; The bird of the passion sang- over bis tears ; Ibe night named hour by hour. n. Saag loud, sanr low the rapturons bird ?fill the yellow boor was njgh, Behiod the folds of a darker clond. He chuckled, he sobbed, alow, aloud : The voice between earth and sky. in. O will you. will you, women are weak _; The proudest are yielding mates' For a forward foot and a tongue of fire. So thought Lord Dusiote's trusty squire, At watch by the palace gates. rr. The song of the bird was wine in his blood, And woman the odorous bloom. His master's great adventure stirred Within him to mingle the bloom and bird, And morn ere its coming illume. v. Beside him strangely a piece of the dark Had moved, and the undertones Of a priest hi prayer, like a cavernous wave. He heard, as were there a soul to iave For urgency now in the groan?. VL No priest was hired for the play this night. And the squire tossed head like a deer At sniff of the tainted wind ; he gazed Where cresset-lamps in a door were raised, Belike on a passing bier. vn. All cloaked and masked, with naked blades, That flashed of a judgment done, The lords of the Court, from the palace door, Came issuing silently, bearers four, ~ And flat on their shoulders one. vm. They marched the body to squire and priest, They lowered it sad to earth. The priest they gave the burial 'dole. Bade wrestle hourly for bis soul, Who was a lord of worth. IX. One said. Farewell to a gallant knight ! And one. but a restless ghost! Tis a year and a day since in. this place: He died, sped high by a lady of-, grace To Join the blissful host.- ~ x.\ ??'.-?' Xot vainly on us she charged her cause, The lady whom we revere For faith in the mask of a love untrue To the Love we honour, the Love her due. The Lore we have vowed to rear. XL A trap for the sweet tooth, lures for the light, For the fortress defiant a mine. Bight well ! But not in the South, princess, Shall the lady snared of her nobleness Ever shamed or a captive pine. XIL When the South had voice of a nightingale Above a Maying bower. On the heights of Love walked radiant peers ; The bird of the passion sang over, his teara ?*-' To the breeze and the orange-flower. GEORGE MEREDITH. 