SUilCIDE-A X AD AFFAEIR. Mr. Josnhua DulTot, son of,Mr. .T. G. Dnffet, of MIssrs. DIufft ;nI Brown. a well-known irnlr of Mellrburtne solicitors, died on Friday at Dandenong from the effects of a gunshot wound which there can he no doubt was deliberately self-in flicted. . The deceased was 33 yVears of age and resided at Canflcll. He was n married, lanl was well known in sport ing circles, principally in connection with racing. For seven or eight years he hadrl traiii Iehorsen at CaulfeIlc, and run ther. uinder the assumed name of Mr. J. G. Roil. His principal saccess was achlievd two years ago wnitli Grace Darling .in tihe race for the Caulfielhi Oup, which shIe won, and the same mare nlbseqnently was beaten by a hread only for the -AlMelbonuie- Cup won by Sheet An~chor.- 'tie Ghost' and Gadfly. loth winnelrs h f thei V.A.T'.. Ladies' Trophy,' were amnongst otlhers ..of Iis winning horces. For some tinme past. howeorer. Mr. Duffet's racirng operations lrive'not been attended by asuccess, and several of Iris hJ?rses, including ;Grace Darling,' were reer?ntly sold tly auction. It had been arranged, that" the deceased slhotild proceet next week to the Western district to take charge of a :etatinit for his father. On .'Thursday; ho went to Dandenong, where Ihe borrowed a double barrelled gun fromn a..blsaclmith on the pretext that Ihe wanted to shoot a horse. He proceeded to Ureni's Hotel, about three miles fiont, DandeIlnig. 'where he slept that night. (On .Friday morning he got up and went ont, taking the gun with lin, sayiang that' lie wounll try to 'get a shot." ie -then. proceeded to n .old hut, w'Rner e fastened the trigger to a stretchor, andt holding the nmuzzel towards himself pulled the gun, and exploded the charge. The bullet passed through his lungs, but Ihe had strength enough left to crawl back to tre hotel., one-tlhird- of a minile distant, and was found banging on to the gate in an exhnusted conditiion. He lingered until 7 o'clock in the evening. His father attrl:uteno the nuicide to depressinR.of mind, causedr by severe neuralgic pains, the effect of an injury to his Iand, snatained throngh a fall in' the hulin'ting field. The gun was found in the hut, and its position revealed .the mantter in which the suicide had been acconm plislhed. 