THE NOVELIST. \- f - John Tolcoii's Sopersfiffon, NOT A LOVE STOUT. \From the S. F. JJ idle tin A She rose, standing very straightly,rwith an involuntary stiffness of shoulders and chin. "And this is your final decision, Mr. Lake ? " she said, in a voice of quiet apathy. -LIS cairn despair told oi battle past— of wea pons tried and found unavailing. " I regret to be compelled to say it is, Mrs. Tolcott ; but justice compels me to adhere to the course I have taken. Unless I should re ceive indisputable proof of your husbaud's innocence, which I consider as a foregone conclusion to be, to say the least, mostim- probable, I cannot consider that leniency on my part toward his flagrant breach of trust . would be warrantable. I could have for given _ almost any wrong easier than the one committed. I deeply regret, madam, the necessity that forces me to wound you with these plainly spoken truths, but it is better that you should understand my reasons and also my answer to the request that you have several times made to me is— irrevocable." The woman before him stood like a fio-ure of stone. He was afraid she was goin«- to have an outburst of anger, or hysterics, and wished nervously that she would c. The annoyance that her several visits toMs office had given him had increased almost into a personal dislike for her. Her husband had acted sensibly at his dismissal and had made but one appeal. Why did she persist in thrusting herself forward in his behalf at all ? He felt sure that her husband had done hvm a- cruel wrong. A woman's place was at home, anyway, and not in a man's business offioe. Robert Lake was apt ta be too sure of -S?s: f?ls opinions often meddled with, jusiaee and threw themselves heavily into the scale, that they considered ought to succeed, in outweighing the other side. To night he was conscious of an irritating con viction that there might be something to he said for that other side, but the feelteg was not strong enough to demand more than an unwilling recognition; not strong enough to awake the native nobleness of his character to that unfailing test to that of it acknowledgment of having been in the wrong. Mrs. Tolcott said some common- place sen tence of adieu after that Last terrible word, irrevocable, ' that seemed beating itself on her brain with a regular pendulum-like" re petition of movement. .She felt a wild desire to tell this man that she would never accept his decision ; hut. a realising sense of how impotent he would consider the reasons that backed this assertion restrained its utterance. o almost any other, perhaps, of the thou sands or clerks employed in the city, such a dismissal would mean little more than a tem porary set-back; but with John Tolcott, onlyius wife realized the force of the blow it dealt hum Naturally of a morbidly over sensitive nature, a life from childhood of dis appointment and trouble hadrin creased there &odeil;«"» until he grew to hate and distrust the world, so hard and cruel it seeined to him. When lie met ;his wife, the pent- up loss of his being centered in her; but, conflicting with his desire to make her uls wire was the superstitious conviction that ue had boon borii under an unlucky star, and a morbid fear to see her suffer through his misfortune meant only a finer torture, a more intense form of cruelty that the fates held in store for him. The glory of his love had banished these doubts and the tranquil hap piness of a year's married life had almost re assured hnu when this blow foil. An act of treachery against the Government, some jeais before, had been unearthed and the papers teemed with the names of the supposed instigators. Tho name of a greaktnan, some tame dead, had been conspicuous among them but any proof that could nail the smirch to his memoiy had been wanting. Robert Lake was known to Lave been his most intimate friend and, consequently, had been inter viewed several times, but with baffling re sults. He had told his confidential clerk, John Tolcott, of the existence of some correspon dence in his possession, which, in addition to the present suspicion against his deceased friend, would be almost a fatal blot to the memory of his good name. He had .warned him to be careful in not leaving the safe, in which the papers were kept, open, saying, that for certain reasons, he was not yet at liberty to destroy them. A week after this conversation, he awoke one morning to read in print, under the sen sational headings of a daily newspaper, the letters of his dead friend to himself ; garnished Bud embellished with all the devices for ex citing public interest peculiar to sensational journalism. He walked down to his office in an angry and vndlctive frame of mind. He haa seen the papers there only two days he- fore. No one beside himself and John Tol cott j iss' sed the knowledge of the combina tion on the safe lock. No one else was al lowed to enter tho vault. More than all, no one else knew even of thc existence of the papejs, and hchad callea'tliis man Tolcott's attention to their importance. He found the ofnee empty, save for the porter who was making the fires and who shrank hack before the rigid face that Mr. Lake presented, as he entered, and, making his way straight to one of the vaults, began turning tbe handle with a practiced hand. The inner mechanism responded to his man ipulation and the door swung opr a with a dull cdong. The bundle of. papers was gone. Another man than John Tolcott would have "given anger for anger, would have pro tested his innocence again and again, would have fought long and hard rather than sub mit to such an accusation ; but his dignified denial only intensified the other's rage agauist him. Had he confessed his guilt, Robert Lake thought he could have shot him without compunction, for he considered he well de served it for his treachery. His denial he re garded the natural action of a coward to es cape blame. To his wife, John Tolcott said: "It has begun. I thought this peaceful happiness was too good a thing to last, with such an unlucky creature as I am. Troubles never come singly ; .they will pile up now to only God knows what a height. But this time, my poor girl, they will fall upon you as well as on me. \Vhy did you ever marry me ? I .wish I was dead ! " Nine months passed and Robert Lake heard no more of the Tolcotts, though, sometimes, when he thought of the expression of hopeless despair on the wife's face, as he had last be held it, an inward compunction caused him to wince a little. But life was full of sorrow, he reflected, and his thoughts turned to his own. The look of worry and unrest his face had worn for years, had increased of late and no amount of work or play, the only two known remedies for this state of mind, could banish it. "And no wonder," people said: "he has his sorrow' at home. ' ' Five years before, Robert Lake, then a wonderfully successful business man, had married a beautiful girl. With her at his side, his future seemed to stretch before him, a pleasant path of joy and calm, when sud denly, out of a clear sky fell the lightning. During the first year of her marriage the beautiful Adele Lake was thrown from her carriage and received injuries from which her brain had never recovered. Husband and friends sought to evade the terrible truth, but time at last forced its acceptance upon them. With so much to make life worth the living, and blessed with glowing physical health :her mind must remain diseased, its balance de stroyed and the womanly self -poise that had marked her character, replaced by the wilful vagaries of a petulant child. The best medi cal opinions pronounced recovery to be hope less. Her husband earned out his own will in the matter, neither inviting advice nor dis cussion on the subject, nor thanking anyone who volunteered either. All the suggestions as to his wife's removal to an asylum were met with a curt refusal. He had her care fully watched and guarded at home and kept her for himself. The more irremediable be came her mental state, the more the tendrils of his heart wound about her, the more he yearned to shelter and care for her ; and Death, whom some woidd have regarded as a deliverer, he dreaded more than all. Austere or coldly presico to the world, as the door of his home swung to behind him, he opened the floodgate of his nature and let the pent-up waters of imagination and sentiment wash away the dust and grime that worldly con tact had thrown about his spirit. Of late his wife had been somewhat better and the ter rible fits of rage which had been common, whenever her will was crossed, had been less frequent. She had shown an increasing fond ness, so the nurse told him, for fancy needle work, particularly a certainkind oflace-worli which was made upon a pillow. ;This pillow she earned constantly about .with her, even taking it with her on her drives and going to sleep quietly, if it was placed beside her at night. Robert Lake caught at evety stoaw. De spite the seeming inevitable, he stiff hoped for better things. The nurse also spoke of Adele's fondness for a sewing- woman who had been employed Ay the housekeeper. She sometimes had insisted on the woman's ac companying them on their drives. These requests had always been acceded to. "By all means," Mr. Lake emphatically slid. " even if we paid her for a day's work when she never took a needle in her hand." It was unmistakably a good sign — a great step from the morose irritability with which she had persistedin shunning all her former friends. So Mrs. Tolcott, who was the seamstress who had attracted the wayard fancy of Adele Lake came frequently to the house, hut took care never to meet the master. Her spirit had never faltered from that terrible first hour when her husband had cried but against liis life. She said nothing about the strong under current that swept along with her surface life, but its force thrilled her inmost soul'. "While she had life she would fight against the wrong that had been done her and hers. About Robert Lake and all that concerned him there hung a strange fascination for her. She could not have told in what it lay, nor whence arose the vague expectation that clung to her whenever she visited his house ; but in some way connected with him she felt the mystery wjmld be solved. une aiternoon ner nusband came home later than usuff, pallidly passive, as was his wont of late.i Nine months he had been hunting for work, hut with the exception of an odd day or two now and again, had been unsuccessful. " You are late, John," Ws wife said speaking with a nervous buoyancy, after one hurried glance at his face. "Nothing new to-day, but that is quite as well," she continued quickly noticing the sarcastic lines that deepened round his mouth, "for I have brought a real live hope home with me to night, and we haven't had even the ghost of one for so long." Her husband smiled faintly and made an effort to appear interested so apparentty mechanical that she had rather he had not made it. "I met Mrs. Clyde, an old friend and schoolmate ; and, as I heard that her husband is to be a Director in the new hank some capi talists are projecting, I asked her to use her influence in securing a position for you. She promised to do all in her power." She stopped speaking, for her husband was regard ing her with a penetrating gleam in Ms dark eyes.. " To whom did you refer lier, to vouch for my ability?" "Why, to Mr. Lake, dear. I had to," she added; "for there is no other business man here to whom your abilities are known. You have never worked for any one else in this city." John Tolcott laughed a short bitter laugh. " My abilities, my poor wife, are unavail ing against the tide that has set against us. It is lio use to fight against one's fate, and mine is to be— unfortunate. It lias been so all my life — childhood, boyhood, manhood — and it -will he so until I die. As the time goes on, I only sink deeper and deeper into the gulf of misery. The only respite I have known was when you canie and stood on the brink. I had no right to drag you down with me. It was criminal ou uiy part, when I blinded my eyes to the fate that hung over me." "No! No! John, dont think about such awful tilings, Don't give way to such super stitious," she said bravely. "And if such really is our fate, we will die fighting it." Ah, if she could only conpuer this fatal superstition, for she felt its power over him growing day by day. "I am going out again after dinner," Talcott said, after a moment's silence. And, as kc lifted his head, his wife saw that the passionate fire had died out of his eyes ; they wore again their look of hopeless apathy. "I heard of something to-day," he continued, ' ' that promises work for a day or two and I must see ahont it to night, for it is over two weeks now since I contributed a dollar to the household ex chequer." After ho had gone, Mrs. Tolcott fiuishod the scanty housework needful and then went tiirough the formality of getting out some sewing ; but she knew all the while that sho would only sew for a few moments before she would throw the work down and harry, with feverish impatience, to the neighbourhood of Robert Lake's house. An impulse too strong to be resisted forced her return and haunt the vicinity again. Her reason remonstrated with her for yielding to the influence. She needed rest and'quiet, she knew ; but? wnere could she get them, while this feverish, gnaw ing pain at her heart lasted. Her landlady had said to her that morning, as John Tolcott passed her to commence his wandering search for the day : "'Pears like he isn't over strong. Seems 's if he's one 'torter work 'ith liis head and not 'ith his hands. 'Pears more like 's if he'd lost his grip." " Lost his grip t" The words repeated them selves until they made Mrs. Tolcott's solitude horrible. " lost his grip !" and "grip" meant, in worldly phraseology, his worldly soul. Should she be able to keep that dear hand at its post? To close her helping hand over the inert fingers and tighten their relax ing hold? She threw herself into her cloak and hat. "Walk — she must walk — the house was stifling. The clock had struck five and EoberfcLake had begun to shuffle and sort, with the assis tance of rubber bands of various axes, the mass of papers that were spread over the desk before him. He put ou his overcoat and hat in silence, with the exception of the single "goodnight," addressed to the several clerks in general ; to which they responded with as mechanical an action as the clock's striking, being in the habit of responding regularly at five minutes past five over three hundred days out of the year. With exception of _ this single expression, he said not a word till he reached Ms home. Many nodded as he passed or said a word of greeting, but he responded only with a nervous gesture. _ ' "He seems to be petrifying, his face is so stony," a man remarked to his companion as he passed by. Great would hare been liis astonishment, could he have seen this " stony" man, in Ms own house, half anffiour later. As the front door swung back to the. turn of Robert Lake's latch-key, a figure stood at the end of the hall, that'startled even Mm, ac customed as he was to his wife's vagaries. There she was clad in a loose tunic of pale blue silk, belted with a silver girdle and reaching only to the knee. Her limbs were encased in pale blue tights and on her feet were dainty sandals, finished at each heel by a tiny white wing. On her head she wore a hat of silver cloth, set somewhat far back, on the short auburn ringlets ; and on the sides, over each rosy ear, was a suow-wliite wing. Her arms were bare and she carried a silver staff lightly in her hand, waving it about gracef ully as she moved. "Look at me ! Admire me !" she called out, laughing gleefully, as she whirled around on one winged foot, for Ms inspection. " You are always beautiful to me, my dar ling," her husband said with a deep sigh, looking at her sorrowfully. " But do not look so doleful about it," she said, suddenly stopping. Then, with an angry stamp of her foot, she crowded rudely past him. " Let me go, I say. I shall get admiration enough outside ; and what a sensa tion I shall create ?" Her husband threw Ms arm gently around her and humbly begged her to forgive him, promising to do anything she wished. " I was only afraid you would take cold in this costume, on such a bleak, blustering night," he said in the soothing tone one uses to a sick, petulant child. " See," he added, pointing to her feet, where the skin dtowed plainly tiirough the thin silk covering. The anger died out of her beautiful eyes, and an eager interest flamed up in its place. "Then, if you will do anytiiing I wish, you will go at once and put on the costume 1 have had made for you. I am Mercury, as you perceive ; you are Neptune." "Well, my darling, anything to please you. Only you must promise me not to talk of going into the street again. I am at your disposal for an hour ; then I. must leave you, as I am obliged to return to the office to night." " Only an hour," she said, pouting a little, " that is such a little time to give, and, after . dinner we are to meet all the other gods." Fifteen minutes later, if one could have looked into the dining- room he . would have seen an odd sight. Robert Lake, the digni fied businessman, seated at Ms table, arrayed in a sea-green mantle, crowned with a gilt bauble, and with a glittering trident standing behind his chair. Before he left the house he sent for the nurse. "What is the meaning of this new freak !" he asked, with'a grave seriousness. " What is your opinion of this change from the pas sive state she has been in of late? What does it portend ?" He awaited her answer anxiously. "I. think it is nothing of a serious nature, Mr. Lake," the nurse replied. "She is al ready tired of her queer dress, and says the gods are tiresome and she did not wish to see them. It was a queer dress, but it has inno cently occupied her mind in planning and directing the making qf it. She threw it aside carelessly when she went to bed and I don't think she will even ask for it again. All she wanted was her pillow lacework and she is sleeping now as quiet as a baby. " So Robert Lake went down to his office tiu-ough the chill, wet night a little com- forted, hut in a reflective mood, "Adele had been weird and wild with her odd con ceits, but how beautiful she had looked in all of them," he thought, with a sigh, that that crowning glory of a beautiful form, the clear light of a pure soul, should be dimmed by disease. " Ah ! well," he concluded, " I will not check her fantastic freaks." They were better, anything was better, than the terrible fits of violence she had been subject to in times past ; .when, from her beautiful lips had porn-ed language that made him wince and shudder, though he knew it came not from herself but from the evil spirit that possessed her. The only wonder was, where in her carefully-guarded life had she heard such awful things that had stored themselves away in an odd comer of her brain to hold sway now' and make her pure spirit the mouthpiece of the fouluess. Tliey had been dormant for some time, but he dreaded their awakening with a nervous sensitiveness. From across the street, Mrs. Tolcott, walk ing slowly through the fog, saw Robert Lake close the house cloor behind Mm and dis appear in the direction of the business cen ter. She walked to the upper comer of the block and turned, looking hack with an aim less gaze toward the row of houses. It was a dreary night. Every point and comer of the wall and cornice wept condensed fog. The city was wrapped in the folds of a damp, gray veil, through which the outlines of all objects were blurred and lights blinked uu- certainly. Suddenly Mrs. Tolcott gazed a little more intently into the fog. She thought she saw a dark figure glide dowu the street, from the side gate of Robert Lake's house ; hut it vanished so quickly that she could not be sure. She thought she must be growing fanciful and, sternly out of patience with herself for yielding to the desire that had led her out of doors, she set lier face homeward. The next morning she was startled by the appearance at her door of tho white, fright ened face of Mrs. Lake's nurse. "Hasn't she been here either?" the woman gasped. " Haven't you seen my poor iadv ? Ah! woe's me that I ever left her last night. I am ruined — ruined ! No one will ever trust nic again. I can't stop to tell you about it," she said, turning to go. "Stop!" cried Mrs. Tolcott. She was deathly pale and her words came slowly, hut with the suppressed fire of intense excite- meut. "You must tell me all you know," commanded the woman. "May God forgive me for ever leaving her, but she had been so quiet-like of late, that I thought I could leave her with Eliza, the chamber-maid, just for a few hours, while I went to the theatre with some friends. She acted a little queer at dinner-time, after she got on that costume you made for her, and I thought then I'd give up going out, but she went to sleep with lier pillow-work, just like a baby, and it was Saturday night, and my friends had bought tho tickets, so I thought I'd go. Ah ! woe's me that I ever did it ! " and the woman broke out sobbing. " Go on ! " Mrs. Tolcott commanded. "That's all. "When Eliza went down stairs, the poor lady was sleeping beautifully, and when she came up again, after a few minutes, the bed was " empty and they couldn't find her anywhere. "When I got home, the master was going about as if he was crazy Mmself, and :he house all upset; and, what with being questioned by him and the detective until I was half crazed, I never thought to come here til this morning. " "I will go back with you," s;id Mrs. Tolcott, putting ou her ! onnet as she spoke. She did not tell the woman, but she knew now that the figure she had seen slipping awav in the darkness had been no fancy but the unfortunate, beautiful creature of whom she had grown so fond. The suffering and aony on Robert Lake's face touched her deeply. She did not recall lier name to Ms memory, hut simply introduced herself as a scwirv woman of his. " I wish a word with you alone," she said calmly, and, when the nurse had gone, she continued. "I think I saw Mrs. Lake leave the house last night-." "What do you say?" he cried. "You saw her leave ! Why did you not stop her?" " I was too far away to he sure that it was she or any one, but now I am certain that she left the house a few minutes after you did." The man opposite her looked up in Ms an guish, a speechless reproach in his eyes. "I was not sure,'' she went on, "that what I saw was more than a portion of the fog the wind had driven down suddenly. But have you no clue— have you found no thing to guide j-ou ? " "Nothing. Our search has been absolu tely fruitless. I know you now, Mrs. Tol cott. Oh, my God ! not to know, not to know where she is ! " His agony was terrible to see, as he buried his face in Ms arms on the table before Mm. She felt that there was a kinship in their sorrow. This fearful usurpation of the will — this terrible disease of the .brain, that gave a fiend possession of their loved ones. It threatened her ; it had engulfed him. She stood very erect before him, as she had done on- that other day, nine months before; only'tiiis time hers was the guiding will. It was she who decided, he who followed. "We must be strong, Mr. Lake, and act quickly. I think she followed you last night. Where did you go ? " "To my office," he answered. "I went alone and came alone. I saw no one while there." "Are you quite sure she could not have entered without your knowledge?" " Yes ; I locked the door behind me." "Did you lock it immediately upon your arrival ? Could she not bave slipped in — she was very alert, you know." He winced at the past tense wMch she had inadvertently used, but said,- hesita tingly : ' " No ; I did not lock the door until I had turned up the gas ; but how could it he pos sible that she would stay there without my being informed?" . "You forget that it is Sunday — the office is closed. Did you"— She paused, as the idea occurred to her like an" inspiration. She almost whispered the words. " Did you have the vault open? " " Great God ! woman, yes ! I must go," he cried, and pushing past her he left the lious», springing into the detective's car riage, which stood before the door. With' hands Ethat shook, as with an ague, Robert Lake turned the knob of the vault. ' ' ' Click, click — would the lock never respond ? Many hours have passed. Would he find her alive ? or was it her tomb that he was striv ing to open ? " At last the dull clang of the sliding holts, as they were thrown back, was heard, and the. outer door swung open. He grasped the inner door and swung it open. There, prone . on her beautiful face, she lay. Gently they raised her. She was alive, hut unconscious. Her wMte forehead was bruised and bleeding, where she had beaten it against the walls of her prison ; and her lovely ringlets were matted and soaked with blood. After weeks of delirium, Adele Lake awoke one morning, her forn r self. The tumor on the brain, that had caused her ir . mity, had been absorbed, so the doctors said. The blows she had given her head on that terrible night in the vault, had miraculously worked her cUre. . They had found in her dress private papers of her husband, and the supposition was, that she had slipped into the office while her husband was turning up the light, and later, had glided into the vault and taken the papers, when a drowsy spell, such as she was subject. to, had crept over her, and sheawoke only at the clang of the heavy doors that closed upon her. Mrs. Tolcott went frequently to the house during the days of sickness, and one day she asked of Robert Lake a favour, namely, that he should cut open the lace-work pillow which liis wife had so jealously kept ia her possession. There had been no open expression between them of their thoughts on the subject, but each knew what the other suspected, namely, uuai, tiiriL visit naci not oeen tne nrst wmcli Adele Lake had clandestinely made to her husband's office. Intuition also told them that, in some way, she was the innocent cause of the troubles of the Tolcotts. In the pillow they found aH the missing letters, except those published by the news paper. These she must have dropped on the street, to be found and made use of by one who Httie dreamed the tragic story they causcd. John Tolcott's honour was vindicated, and he was saved from the dreadful calamity wliich tin-eatcned to be the sequence of Ms superstition. E. S. B. 