C£wggp&. (Bt ' Not Out.') The End of the Season. Many will say, and truthfully too, ' Thnt it needn no ghost to tell us that,' but still the fact remains substantiated, and the truth -will bo none tho leas acceptable for its merits. Although the 24th May is generally accepted the oppning day of the footballers winter campaign, still tfioy, liko true enthusiasts, are afield Rome timo be fore that auspicious day, which marks alike tho birth of our most gracious Sovereign, and tho O3oension of Kincr Foothnll. The annual meetings of several football clubs have been held, and others are close at hand, so that I must warn the kniphtri of the willow that ere lonjf the knights of the kiicVors will drivo them from the fields into their winter quartora. Then, a 'ain, the wheelmen are the next natural enemies of tho cricketers, and before many weeks have passed tho latter trill bo a^ked to vacate tho Assrciation Ground in favour of cycling. It was always thus, and mi'st ever Vie. The Old Iioto and the ''ow. Here wo are ai*a:n. Mrfy of tho foot ballers are during the summer months enjjiged in cricketing exploits, so that the unhappy charmers are in nn unenviable position. Ah a footballpr he is compallod ?. ... to pay attention to tho preliminaries which ''he mt'st pursue in order to enable him t3 ? ? do jus! ice to his cliib, nnd as a cricketer he is in duty bound compelled to stand to , hid post until the last (which fer/ esteem , as proper or binding in the broadest acceptation of tho term). Between those tiro enchanting tho poor player is hardly worth his salt to either rntil the one shall conquer, and foice irs opponent into winter f|uarter3. Tno cricketers have had a busy season, du;in-* which much valuable time and energy has been expended in vanquish inpf the Englishmen and the Victorians, aid. if club criciet . ._ does not fall through now — well, it is pretty near timo it did. and tho sound of the bats, and latL'e of tho si.r'nps, and the rising of the thermometer will be as ' Welcome as flowers in spring.' The Domain C .'ounds. As regular na the cr'ckct senson dawns upon tfie votaries of that game eve. y year, i so do the Domain trustees demand iJ20 fi'Om each club hivrin? practice wickets thereon for what ? Why do we ask such impertinent questions ? The ground is there (no one will deny that) and you pay or refuse, as you think proper. That is all very nice, but if the trustees demand JE2O a season to keep tho wickets and ground in a fit condition for ci'cVot, why do they ignore their vesponsibUiilcs and obliga tions and wilfullv bre-k their contracts ? ; In addition to th's charge, players who use tho wickets on Saturdays or Wednes days for matches, are compelled to contri bute the sum of ono gu:nea as batting fees. All they get in return is a ground unfit for the game, filthy diifcy, overrun all tho week by cattle, nnd bestrewn with millions of bits of rubbish and refuse from tho ' firework ' shows, no dressing accommodation whatever, and not a dron of water to moisten tho tur'. The cricketers are not allowed t-- erect a pavilion on tho ground which would bo useful, cnamantal, and 'modern.' but a traveling showman is permitted to fence off a large portion of tho purk grounds with a most unsightly and primitive feice, inside which arc ^hundreds of frames moro unsightly oven than the enclosing fence. The parapher nalia and super- structures are more hideous ?than troublesome, still there they ore and there thoy aro likely to remain for some time to come. The dies', ins tent has been devoured by hungry cows, lit by bit., until ?only tho guys and rid'^o poles remain intact. Theirattin.iforthewicketsaro rat- oaten and worn thiendbare, aud were probably used atsomo distant data to cover the aisles of the ne:ghbourm-; churches. 1 Th'? 'a the wny the Sydney folks encourage ?Cricket, aid when wo take into considera tion tho fact that tho Domain is tho only 'ground besides tho Association available 'within miles of Sydney, is it not a crying fshame for tho authorities to take the club's 'money, overv year, and yet go backstair fashion to coerce and compel them to vo jate tho ground, which is theirs legally, in de3peration. Why not say honestly that they aro tired of the'r trust and will not ?accopt any moro money for considerations 'which they take iare aro never realised. Last Saturday tho state of the Domain ground was simply disgraceful, and almost -unfit for a pinr ranch. A most valuablo ?asset to tho clubi (of which there aro five ' Or six) who contribute .£20 each and 4 ?'?''? guineas weekly, or in a round Bum, .£200 ?every season. If things are not mended next year tho ground should bo left entirely for the ?recreation of cows, horsea, ' Pain ' or tho unemployed, and thea earls, dukes and lords. There is little feed fortho first two, the last will be able to chirp sweetly, but sadly, 'My lodgings on the cold, cold ground.' ?Whilo Pain may fill his coffers from tho ?proceeds of wondrous work which all ends in smoke. tk. Junior a*d Senior Matoh. ? ; -Many people are desirous of seeing a match plp.yed between a team of fifteen Rumors or colts, and eleven from our host .seniors. This would bo a most fitting ; termination of tho season, and would prove ' ?? of great service to those seniors in search '??? ? of new blood for the noxt season. Apart 1 from its attractiveness as an extraordinary ?affair, it would do more good to tho good members of those sonior clubs who aro lit ?preseat too much intoxicated -with tho v; glory of their late achievements to roturn 'to tho humiliating club matches against junior teams on imperfect wickets. I sin cerely trust that the colts will move in tho ? matter, and I am likewise certain that they will meet with every success. .- ??- ' The Final Match. TKe Englishmen will play the final match of their present tour on Saturday next and following days at Adelaide, ending where they began. If possible, I ?will give our readers tho full avoragjs of ,. the Englishmen in our noxt iBsuo, Hr. ? : Jaa. Iiillywhito having promised to '?'. compile and correct thorn by that time. . f .Tho Melbourne C.C. English Eleven. Tho following information rolating to tho amatour team which tho llolbonrno CC. in ? tend to bring out noxt soason is takon from ' Wisdon's Gnido' for thin year. ' Surroy CC. — W. W. Eoad is at tho top, with an avoraeo of 43'14 runs in 2 ', innings, first-clasia motchos ; 43'25 runs in 36 innings, all matches. W. E. Eollor is fourth on the list, with an avorago of 25-12 in 19 inninpfl. Grauo is still 1 ovidontly negotiating, and Tylocoto ^lso, as only two of tho nino amatonrs roqmrod aro namod. Hiddlosox CC. — J. G. Walkor in third, with an arorago of 23'2 runs in 18 innings. A. E. Stoddart is fourth, with exaotly tho samo . . avorogo and number of innings played. G., ? A. Studd is sixth, ?with:26%3 rpns' -por innlnjta.-; G. F. Vornon haB an avorago of 17'10 runs for olovoh inninga.' 'Torkahird'C.'Cr-^Honi M; B. HaWko, ciptain of county loam averages 25-15 for 25 inningB. Mr. Roller -doited Amoricn with vn amatour toam last aoason. Ho was second on tho list both in batting and bowling, playing 11 innings for an avorago of 23'8 por mr-ings, and getting SO wiokots for au avoraeo of 5'13 runs por wickot. In tho genoral butting avoragos W. W. Bead is top with 42i19 runa por innings, whilo tho otho.'S como in tho following ordor : — A. E. Stoddart, 27'lOj J. G. Walkor, 21-0; G. P. Vornon, 2G-3: M. B. Hawko, 23-26; G. A. Studd, 23-10 ; and W. E. Pollor, 236. 