ftews of (ho Churches. BIBLE CHRISTIAN. The anniversary of the Bible Christian Church, Quorn was held on Sunday and Wednesday, June 5th and Sth. Three sermons were preached in the Assembly Hall, by Rev. J. Hancock, of Port Augusta, to large audiences. On Wednesday a large gathering sat down to tea in the Milling Company's store. The public meetiug in the Assembly Hall was presided over by Mr. W. C. Barton. Addresses were delivered by Rev. T. E. Thorne, M.A., on the " Progress of Christianity," aud by Rev. J. Hancock on " 'The relation of public worship to inner spiritual life." The linancial and spiritual reports were submitted by the Pastor, the Rev. C. Martin. A special choir under the leadership of Mr. J. B. Triggs. with Mrs. C. Martin as organist, rendered selections of music. A supper followed, to which 1,UOO persons remained. The net proceeds of these successful services were £26. We are thankful to say, (says the Rev. C. Tresise) that God lias vouchsafed much blessing with the mission at Clarendon. The meetings are increasing in interest and power. On Sunday night last, it was a time to bcever remembered. Whilst discoursing on the scene of our Lord's death on Calvary, the Holy Ghost fell upon us. and all the congregation was moved mightily. Numbers came out to seek forgiveness, and the whole church was moved to a deeper consecration to Christ. "We are still looking for larger things in the few days we have to spare here. M any are yet under deep conviction, and there is a solemn struggle going on between the powers of Christ and Satan. We are believing that Christ must have the victory. Will God's people pray for us '? The half-yearly effort was held at Glanville on Sunday, when the Rev. T. Allen preached in the morning and the Ilev. W. 11. Cann in the evening. In the afternoon the choir, under the leadership of Mr. W. Lambert, gave the service of song, entitled " Musical Miller. before a large congregation. The tea on the Monday 1 was fairly attended. The public meeting which followed was presided over by,Mr.Joseph Ashton. and addressed by the Revs. Rowe, w! H. Cann, Messrs. S. Coombe and W. Johnston. The weather greatly militated against the success of th; services. A successful Jubilee dinner in aid of the Mission Fund was giren by the friends at Albcrton on Tuesday. There was a splendid spread of poultry, hams, tongues, beef, vegetables, plum pudding, See. The following ladies waited at the tables ; Mesdames Bridgman, Davies, Colegate. Richards, Lever ; Misses Hone (2), Davis, Dcnman, Stone, Hamly. Mr. Walter was the secretary. An entertainment followed, when Mr. S. Coombe presided, and Mr. E. G. Coombe, \V. Gould, B. Davies, E. Bridgman, Mrs. Bridgman, and Miss Rimes took part. The National Anthem brought the meeting to a close. BAPTIST. Baptist Church, Lyndoch Valley.—On June 9th, the Rev. W. E. Eice, of North Adelaide, kindly gave us his interesting and instructive lecture on " Wonderland," with beautiful dissolving views. The lecture was highly appreciated by those present, but through the inclemency of the weather the audience was not so large as expected. We have received a letter from Mr. S. Smallwood, of Goodwood, stating that he was in Perth at the same time as Professor Raymond, and testifies to the genuineness of the cure in the ease of Mrs. Tomlinson. HAHDWICKF, COLLEGE—The Quarterly Concert at Hardwire College took place on Saturday last, when the schoolrooms were full to overflowing with visitors. The cantata " Fairyland " was performed by the junior school, numbering about 00 children, who looked charming with their fairy costumes of white and silver, their wands and garlands. Miss Burford represented the fairy King, aud Miss Lyons the fairy Queen, both of whom sang their solos well. The Rev. J. Reed Glasson, who presided, delivered a brief address on "Queen Victoria, ' and the entertainment concluded with the National Anthem as a solo, duet, and chorus. There was some difficulty in taking up the collection on account of the crowded audience, but about !!s. found its way into the plates on behalf of the Literary Fund. 