VICTORIAN MEMS. Parliament has been further prorogued from January 20th until March 3rd. It is contemplated by the Government to establish a metropolitan cemetery at Frankston. It is estimated that the subscriptions toward the Gordon memorial in Victoria will amount to £5000. Sir Graham Berry and Mr. Jas. Service have been appointed additional representatives of Victoria at the Imperiat Conference. A man named Jones, locomotive superintendent at Maryborough, was run over by a train and terribly injured. He is not expected to recover. Cobb and Co.'s stables at Lcarmonlh, near Ballarat, with four horses, were destroyed by fire on Sunday morning. The building was not insured. Tbe police throughout the colony have been specially instructed to report any breach of the early closing provisions of the Factories and Shops Act. A cheque drawn by Messrs. Rowlands and Hi'l, cordial manufacturers, Melbourne, for £2 4s. was altered to £204 3«. 6d. and paid by the Commercial Bank. At the Wesleyan Conference on Saturday an improved hymn-book for mission services was commended to the favorable consideration of the congregation. As a result of the recant fracas between two rival fire brigades during a conflagration at Footscray, a man named Jones has been committed for trial for assaulting Captain White, It has been decided that all Government officers over 60 years of age still capable of performing their duties shall be allowed to retain their positions until the 30th June next. The Victorian Joiners and Carpentera' Union passed a resolution thanking Mr. John Norton for acquainting the people of Europe with the true state of the Australian labor market. An offer has been made to purchase the Madame Berry Mining Company, at Kingi ston, for the purpose of floating it on the London market. The price offered is £17 per share net. O tempora, 0 mores. A letter addressed to Mr. Weale, of the Licensed Victuallers' Association, at Randwick (Sydney), was returned to Melbourne, stamped " Post town not known in Victoria." The Committee of the Women's Hospital in Melbourne have accepted the plans prepared by Mr. Purchas for tbe erect ion of the Genevieve Ward wing of that institution. The estimated cost is £8000. Mr. Deakin (Chief Secretary), Sir Samuel Griffith (Premier of Queensland), and Mr. Downer (Premier ot South Australia) will leave by the R.M.S. Sutlej for London. Mr. Lorimer goes by the R.M.S. Bengal. A pickpocket named Patrick Fox, whilst being chased by his victim, was run over and killed at Flinders-street, Melbourne, by a railway engine, which was going slowly, whilst trying to dodge between the wheels. The bronze medal of tbe Royal Humane Society has been awarded to Patrick Kether, of Sydney, for jumping overboard and rescuing a boy named James Patrick Ouff from drowning in Sydney harbor on November 3. Mr. J. W. Fosbery, formerly accountant in the Law Department, and for some years past Chief Clerk of the Master in Equity, has been appoiuted ati Audit Commissioner, at a salary of £1000. Mr. FoBbery is 60 years ot age. Satisfactory reports continue to arrive from the quarantine station, where all the patients are doing well. Among the passengers by the Preussen are nine Germans who expect to have to return to Germany immediately to join the reserves. The editor and the manager of the "Echuca Record were publicly horsewhipped a few days since by Dr. Eakin and Mr. Orme, a local solicitor, in consequence of a paragraph that appeared in that journal. A criminal action is to result. A young man named Joseph Meyers has been committed for trial on a charge of obtaining jewellery by false pretences from Messrs. Ungerer and Co., of Melbourne and Sydney. The goods had been afterwards pawned in both cities. For the three weeks ending Monday last, 196 cases of typhoid fever were reported to the Central Board of Health from various parts of Victoria ; and of these 36 had proved fatal. Besides these, it ie known that a large number of cases are unreported. At the sitting of the Wesleyan Conference the proposed transfer of the Rev. John Watsford from Melbourne to Sydney, to fill the position of general secretary to the Australian Wesleyan Missionary Society, was declined, on account of advanced age. Thomas Anderson, charged with forging and uttering an order for the payment of £308 with intent to defraud the National Bank of Australasia, and who was arrested in Sydney, was brought up at the City Police Court, Melbourne, on Friday, and remanded for a week. The utilisation of the flood waters of the Murray for irrigation purposes is to form the subject of an agreement between Victoria New South Wales, and South Australia. Mr. Deakin has written to the respective Governments in order to expediate the consideration of the subject. The Melbourne Tramway Company has been ordered to prcvide workmen's carriages every morning and evening, except on Sundays and public holidays. They are to run between 6 and 7 iu the morning and half-past 5 and halfpast 6 in the evening, at a uniform fare of 3Jjd. each journey. Messrs. Cherry and Chirnside, two shire of Wyndham J's.P., appear determined to stamp out bad language, if possible, under their jurisdiction. At the ordinary monthly meeting of the Petty Sessions Court, they fined a filthy-mouthed youth, named William Conran, £7, or one month in gaol. The loan of i28,000 for the Borough of Brunswick was successfully floated on the London market. It is'to bear interest at five per cent., and the minimum was fixed at £104. Altogether £32,000 was offered, and tenderers at the minimum will receive 32 per cent., and above that amount in full. A cable message was received recently stating that the claim north of the New Beehive at Maldon, which comprised the leases of the Alliance and Eaglehawk companies, had l>een successfully floated on the London market. The Mayor of Melbourne has agreed to act on the local directorate. Mr. E. V. Browne, formerly clerk in the General Post-Office, aud latterly in the Premier's department, has been suspended by Mr. Gillies for using improper language to Mr. E. J. Thomas, secretary to the Premier, and hie conduct is to form the subject of an inquiry by the Public Service Board. Men are busily employed along the new Bacchus Marsh and Newport line erecting the needed semaphores with all possible despatch. The near approach of the grain season has compelled more than ordinary activity, in order that the road should be in a clear state for running on at an early date. The consecration of the Rev. F. F. Goe, rector of St George's, Bloomsbury, to the Bishopric of Melbourne, will takei place on the 24th February, at Westminster Abbey. The Bishop of Manchester, who was formerly Bishop of Melbourne, will probably assist the primate in the conBeiration ceremony. The Chief Secretary discredits the cablegram from Tiondon stating that the Prince of Wales has finally declined the invitation of the Victorian Government to be present at the opening of the Centennial Exhibition, inasmuch as the invitation was sent by mail less than a month ago, and cannot have reached its destination yet The Minister of Water Supply, being anxious to secure the forest lands at Cape Otway from alienation, is urging the Minister of Lands to make further inquiries as the nature of the country and its probable effect upon the rainfall if it should be denuded of timber, before disposing ot any of the blocks recently thrown open for selection. A man has been proceeded againBt at Brunswick for neglecting to have his child vaccinated. It was proved that the operation was properly performed by Mr. Mitchell. The magistrates dismissed the case, but the Central Board of Health, not recognising Mr. Mitchell's certificates, have called upon the magistrates to state a case for the opinion of the Supreme Court. The statistics of the Melbourne Hospital show that during the past year medical aid was afforded to 19,398 cases. Of these 15,607 were treated as out- patients, while 3271 were received into the institution. Ot this number 2811 were cured or relieved, 145 left the hospital as incurable or for other reasons, 577 died, and 258 remained under treatment at the close of the year. The CustomB authorities have detained a consignment of iour cases of books sent by Messrs. Vizetelly and Co., of London, to certain booksellers in Melbourne, on the ground that the letterpreBB was suggestive, and the indecent works especially complained of were translations of M. Zola's " L'AsBomnoir," " Nana," and "Piping Hot." The Commissioner of Customs will deal with the matter. There is now a vacancy in the Agricultural College Council, caused by the non-attendance of the Minister of Lands, who is a nominee member, at three consecutive meetings. The Government will require to appoint someone to the vacancy, but it is quite competent for the Ministry to again nominate Mr. Dow, and thus give him another opportunity to attend to his duties. With reference to what was reported as the strange disappearance of a physician named Glass from Griffith's Temperance Hotel, Lonsdale-street, Melbourne, it has been ascertained that the missing man drew out all the money he and his wife had in the Bank of New South Wales, before he went It also appears there was some little difference prior to bis leaving, and it is therefore conjectured he has gone to another colony. A tender for the construction of the second section of the Watts River aqueduct, from Kangaroo Grounds to Long Gully, has been provisionally accepted, the sum being £204,786 12s. 2d. Messrs. Johnstone and Sbaw, of Melbourne, are the tenderers. When the contract is finished, Melbourne and suburbs will have an additional supply of 25,000,000 gallons of water daily. The work is expected to take about two years and a half. The Agent-General of Victoria has torwarded the correspondence between the Agent- General for New Zealand and Professor Brown, scientific officer of the Agricultural Department to the Privy Council, respecting the introduction of disease to destroy rabbits. Professor Brown is unable to suggest any but the usual meanB—guns, traps, and the introduction of smaller carnivorous animals. An eccentric and very queer-looking old woman was brought up at the City Court, Melbourne, and charged with vagrancy, a constable stating that he found his prisoner at the gates of the Melbourne Gaol, saying she wanted to get inside to be flogged. The policeman believed she was not altogether sane. The old dame, who behaved in court like one a little inBane, said, in reply to Mr. Call, she was told to go up to the gaol to get a flogging, and it was for that she was there. A determined suicide was committed on Saturday afternoon byapnblican named Daniel Kinane, landlord of the Forest Home Hotel, Bungaree. The deceased had been drinking heavily lately, and in a fit of delirium he took a large carving-knife with which he cut open his bowels, and tore out the whole of his entrails. Death ensued immediately afterwards. Kinane was formerly landlord of the Victoria Hotel, Colac, at which place his wife and two grown-up daughters reside. Probably Australia will never now be visited by His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. It is announced that the future King of England has finally intimated that he will be unable to leave England next year, and is, therefore, unable to accept the invitation to be present at the opening of the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition. In view of the advancing age of the Queen, His Royal Highness is not likely to have another opportunity of coming to this end of the world. Captain Phillips, marine superintendent for Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Company, arrived in Melbourne last week to superintend the transactions connected with the transrerence of the A.S.N. Company's fleet On Saturday he took possession of the Rockton. The agency for the steamers in Melbourne will be carried on as heretofore by Siddeley and Company. The Barcoo, Warrego, and Maranoa will be sent into the Melbourne trade in conjunction with the Cintra, Rockton, and other steamers of the A.S.N. Company. A well-known WilliamBtown waterman, named Michael Flynn, has had a rather unpleasant adventure. He had obtained leave to attach his boat to the stern of the passenger steamer Gem, when the " painter " becoming entangled with his leg, pulled him overboard. No time was lost by Captain Watson in stopping the engines, and a rope from the steamer being lowered to Flynn, he caught hold of it, and was partially hoisted until, his boat being brought beneath him, he was lowered into her, and completed his journey to Williamstown. The Euroa Advertiser of Friday says :— " Mrs. F. Smith, of Gooram, had an adventure with a snake which might have resulted more seriously, one day last week. During the afternoon Mrs. Smith had lain the child on the bed, sleeping comfortably, for a few minutes, and on returning found a snake coiled around the infant. Mrs. Smith quickly seized the reptile and threw it on to the floor, and taking the child in her arms, ran to a neighbor for assistance. After considerable trouble the reptile was subsequently discovered and despatched." Considerable excitement was caused in Dunolly on the 20th inst by the news that Messrs. Hogan had unearthed in the ground thev were puddling in, known as White's paddock, an immense nugget. They started by the morning train for the Melbourne Mint The weight of the nugget was over 260oz. crushed, and its value £1000. The ground where the treasure was found is private property at West Dunolly, and has been worked for some considerable time. Mr. White, it is understood, is accepting one- third of any find made as his share. The young man, S. Dunning, who was shot on Sunday week at Green Lakes, near Horsham, when out with seven other young men duck-shooting, died on Friday. A magisterial inquiry was held, when a verdict was returned that the death of the deceased had been caused by his accidentally shooting himself in the back of the head. Six of the companions of the deceased were charged at the police court with shooting on Sunday " for pleasure," and were fined £2 each. The charge against the seventh was withdrawn, he being under 14 years of age. An arrest under peculiar circumstances was effected in Melbourne by Detective Nixon on Friday night The accused is Francis J. Gibbins, aged 25, until recently a gunner in the Permanent Artillery, who is charged, on warrant, with having forged the name of Captain Ind to a certificate of discharge. The accused, after he left the corps, applied to be admitted into the clerical division of the Public Service, and Bent in the document purporting to bear Captain Ind's signature ; but on the paper being referred to that officer, he declared the signature to be a forgery. A man named Massey, 60 years of age, was found at the bottom of an old shaft, 28ft. deep, at Creswick, on Sunday morning. A young man who was passing heard groans, obtained help, and went down the shaft. He found theoldman still living,but he died before he could be got to the surface. Massey had been in town drinking on the previous day, and he had more drink, it iB alleged, at a place on the road home, where a man named Thomas offered to see him home, but the deceased refused to allow him. The deceased's coat, hat, and boots were found on top of the shaft The prisoner James Wilson, who escaped from Portland Gaol, was recaptured near the Moleside Creek by Constable Butcher, of Dartmoor. When arrested Wilson was dressed in a full suit and had a bundle containing two blankets, which he obtained at the coast. He stayed at the punt one night, where his tracks were picked up. When Constable Butcher came up to the prisoner he denied that his name was Wilson, and said he was travelling to Hamilton from Mount Gambier. He afterwards admitted that he was Wilson, and said, " You have got me." Contrary to expectation, the resources of the Railway Department have not been taxed in any way up to the present for the carriage of grain, as although in previous years the heavy grain traffic began about the middle of January, the Department is as yet handling little more than half the quantity of wheat usually dealt with. Another feature of this year's traffic is that a great portion of the wheat being lifted by the Railway Department is not coming forward for shipment or storage in Melbourne, but is being carried to Ballarat, Sandhurst, Stawell, and other important centres of population. The utilisation of water as a motive power is daily attracting more attention. We understand that Mr. Sbakspere, C.E., has recently returned from LaunceBton, where he has been estimating on behalf of a Melbourne and local syndicate the power at the cataract near Ritchie's MilL It appears that about 750 horse- power is available, and negotiations have been entered into for the purchase of the mill and water-rights, and if completed a company will at once be formed for the purpose of lighting the town by electricity, and selling water for manulacturing, domestic, and other purposes. The work of forming the new entrance to the Gippsland Lakes is proceeding steadily, but those living in the locality, and who have the greatest interest in the matter, are not at all sanguine of the success of the scheme, as it is doubtful if sufficient scour can be obtained to keep the channel clear. Visitors to the Lakes are struck by the many changes that have gone on from time to time and are constantly taking place—a new current here and a new sandbank there. The entrance is now some two or more miles eastward from its original position, but is gradually drifting westward again. On the top floor of James M'Ewan and Co. e, Melbourne, there is on view a bed punkab, invented by Mr. Lockhart Morton, which seems to be just the thing for invalids in the dog days. It is rudimentary-looking—a strip of calicn on a frame—and can be worked by attendant or patient. The cost is a mere trifle, and would be almost nominal if any demand sprung up, so as to justify artificers in making a number. Anybody, indeed, could rig this simple apparatus up for themselves. It deserves inspection by hospital authorities and the medical profession, having already received warm approval in that line. The Melbourne correspondent of a country journal is responsible for the following :— " The career of that brilliant journalist who was a success in financing the financiers is not yet over. The last we hear of him is that he is doing London, and while there nought admission to the Savage Club. Unfortunately for him, he did not know all the ropes, and bad overlooked the fact that there was a gentleman bearing the, to him, ominous name of Henty, who was connected with the club in a very much respected position. The result was that the career of the candidate was unfolded for the benefit of the members of the club, and the ' grilling' that resulted therefrom you can just conjecture." Williamstown has recently become a notorious locality for the presence of huge sharks and stingarees. On Saturday a Government employe, named Richards, was amusing himself by throwing sticks in the water, at the rear of the old marine yard, for a valuable retriever to bring on shore. He suddenly observed a long black mass, fully 15 feet in length, rush towards the dog as he emerged. Attended by Water-Police Constable Roberts, Richards attempted to make a capture of the marine monster, which had, in its anxiety to make a morsel of the dog, shoved itself in shallow water. By a violent effort, however, the shark wriggled back into deep water, and escaped, being chased by a crowd for some distance along a narrow channel it was compel- led to pursue. The Lands Department has been urged to come to a speedy decision with regard to the Otway Forest selections, in order that applicants may avoid further unnecessary expense. Notices have been Bent out to the effect that the local land board will commence the hearing of applications at Colac on February 2 and as there are about 1500 applicants, from various parts of the colony, a considerable waste of time and money may be caused if notice of the withdrawal of the lands, if such is determined upon, is much longer delayed. It is suggested that the decision of the Minister should be at once followed by the return of the deposits to the applicants, together with a notice intimating that the blocks are to be withdrawn from selection for permanent reservation as forest lands. The annual census of the employes on the Victorian railways has just been taken, but the result has not yet reached us. This return, which includes the name, surname, occupation, pay, and general qualifications, &c.;, of every employe, is prepared annually ; also the rate ot pay and employment at which each employe was started in the service. This census is made in order to facilitate the making of any return that may be required to Parliament, also for the better ascertaining of the character and general capabilities of the different subordinates—stationmasters, &c.;, being requested to furnish theBe particulars on the part ot the paper set apart for that purpose. The list of persons most eligible for promotion can thus be more easily prepared. The return is required for multifarious purposes by the railway authorities. At Castlemaine, a few days since, a single man named Richard Errington invited a woman named Mary Taylor to take supper with him. After regaling themselves with bread and cheese and beer, she consented to remain in his company through the night. About 6 o'clock the following morning, when Errington awoke, he nudged the woman, and in wishing her good-morning found to his horror that she was dead. A magisterial inquiry was held, when in accordance with the medical testimony a record was made that death resulted from aortic disease of the heart Errington afterwards made an extraordinary application to Sergeant Frood. One of his sheets had been used to shroud the corpse, but he did not see why he should lose it, and bo requested the sergeant to go to the house of deceased and select one ol hers to replace it The Lands Department have advertised a sale of allotments of land at Serviceton, which m portion of the territory in dispute between Victoria and South Australia. Mr. Bray, the Treasurer of South Australia, who is at present in Melbourne, has brought the matter under the notice of the Chief Secretary. Mr Bray claimB that such action is in direct violation of the agreement entered into some time ago by the Governments of the two colonies that neither colony should attempt to dispose of any of the disputed territory without the consent of the other, and on account of this agreement the Railway Departments of the two colonies contributed equally to the cost of erectingtheborderstationat Serviceton. At the request of the Goyernment of South Australia the Victorian Government have agreed, subject to the approval of Parliament, to submit a case to the Privy Council with regard to the disnuted land. Quite an amusing incident occurred on Friday morning last at Woodend railway station. It appears that as the 6 a.m. down goods train arrived at that station two or three of the employes immediately set to work to undo one of the tarpaulins of a truck for the purpose of discharging some goods. Upon lifting the tarpaulin up one of the porters spied a man of considerably large physique and build lying on the floor of the truck, and, being so suddenly thunderstruck with the sight, ran away to the stationmaster's office and reported that a ghost was in one of the trucks. Examination revealed the fact that the mysterious individual, who first stated he was a German, but subsequently admitted coming from the North of Ireland, and that his name was John Mitchell Hooper, got into the truck at Spencer-street station yard, he having no money, he alleged, to pay his fare. He was brought up before the local court on Satnrday, charged with travelling without a ticket; but the magistrates, perceiving that he was suffering from delirium tremens, remanded him to the Castlemaine Hospital for medical treatment The incident caused some amusement at Woodend. When the interlocking apparatus was first perfected as an invention by M'Kenzie and Holland, of London, it was universally admitted to be the best life-saving and accidentpreventative invention that the ingenuity of man had devised. And, indeed, if only its real worth and practical advantages had been properly understood by the public at large, this opinion would become thoroughly confirmed. For instance, a signal-box with, say, a number as high as one hundred leverB, connecting both points and signals, can be worked by one man in such a manner that, even if he desired it, he conld not possibly make two roads in such a manner as to allow two trains to run into each other, simply through the agency of the interlocking machine,'Xrhich is so fixed that the moving of one lever locks all the others that would be liable, through the signalman's mistake, to make or control arbtid directly connected with it, and run the risk of colliding with the train for which such road was originally made. In connection with the same invention a further improvement has been effected. It is known as the double- facing points locking bar, and is principally used at junctions, where it is often required to make more roads than one at the same time. Through its agency three lines may be made at a junction station with perfect safety. Although only a small piece ot ironwork, its cost in England, where alone it ie made, is £95. There are only three of them at present in use on the Victorian railways, and they have proved an unparalleled success. 