Fell in Love with his Wife. By E. P. EOE. Author of " An Original Belle." «. Driven Back to Eden,' &c;" so. CHAPTER. XXVII.-(CONTINUED.)' "Are you sorry ?" ««Do I look so? How did you know I'd bo hap pier if I ¿ave in?" " Because, as you say, I'm getting better ac quainted with you. You couldn't help being happier for a generous act." «« 1 wouldn't have done it, though, if it hadn't been for you." " I'm not so sure about that." "I am. You're coming to make me feel con foundedly uncomfortable in my heathenish life." " I wish I could." " I never had such a sermon in my life as you gave me this morning. A Christian act, . like yours, is worth a year of religious"*talk," . She looked at him wistfully for a moment, and then asked, a little abruptly-: "Mr. Holcroft, have you truly forgiven that Weeks family?" " Oh, yes, I suppose so. I've forgiven the old lady, anyhow. I've shaken hands with her." "If her husband and son should come ; and apologise, and: say they were sorry, would you truly and honestly forgive them P" /'Certainly. I couldn't hold a grudge; after that. What are you aiming at ?" and he turned and looked, inquiringly into her face. - . ; It was flushed and tearful in its eager, earnest interest. - "Don't you see?" she faltered. > He shook his head, but was suddenly and strangely moved by her expression., : " Why, Mr. Holcroft, if you can honestly for give those who have wronged you, you ought to see how ready God is to forgive." . . í . \ He fairly started to his feet, so. vividly the truth came home to him, illumined, as it was, by a recent and personal experience. Atter a mo ment; he slowly sat down again, and said, with a long breath-. ...".' . . " That waB a close Bhot, Alida." , . " I only wish you to have the trust and comfort which this truth should bring you," she said. " It seems a pity you should do yourself needless injustice when you are willing to do what is right , and kind by others." ;">,' I, ... "It's all a terrible muddle, Alida. If God is so ready to forgive, how do you ; account .for,, all the evil and suffering in the world ?" . . "I don't account for it,and can't. < rm only one bf his little children, often an erring, one, too. You've been able to forgive grown people, j our equals,, and strangers in a sense. Suppose you had a little boy that had done wrong,' but said he wag sorry, would you hold a grudge against him ?" ' .' The idea ! I'd be a brute." She laughed softly as she asked again " Don't you see P" ,. , \- He sat looking thoughtfully away across the fields for a long time, and finally asked "Ts your idea of becoming a Christian just being forgiven like a child and then trying to do right?" ; " Yes; Why not P" "Well," he remarked, with a grim laugh, "I didn't expect to be cornered in this'wav." "You who are truthful should face the truth. It would make you happier. A good deal that was unexpected has happened. When I look out ion a scene like this, and think that I am safe and at home, I feel that God has been very good to me, and that you have, too. I can't bear to think that you have that old trouble on your mind-the feeling that you had been a Christian once, but was not one now. Being sure that there is no need of your continuing to feel so, what sort of return would I be making for all your kindness if I did not try to show you what is as olear to me as this sunshine ?" "You are a good woman, Alida. Believing as you do, you have done right to speak to me, and I never believed mortal lips could speak so to the purpose. I shall think of what you have said, for you have put thingB in a new light. But say, Alida, what on earth possesses you to call me 'Mr.? You said James easy enough af ter the skimelton was over, and when old lady Weeks was begging Tim off. You don't need to be scared half to death every time to call me by my first name, do you ?" "Scared? Oh, no." She was a trifle confused, he thought, but then her tone was completely re- assuring. The day was one long remembered by both. As in nature about them, the conditions- of de velopment and rapid change now existed. She did not read aloud very much, and long silences fell between them. They were reaching a higher plane of companionship, in which words are not always essential. Both had much to think about, and their thoughts were like roots which prepare for blossom and fruit. With Monday busy life was resumed. Tho farmer began planting his corn, and Alida her flower seeds. Almost every day now added to the brood of little chicks under her care. The cows went out to pasture. Holcroft brought in an increasing number of overflowing pails of milk, and if the labors of the dairy grew more exacting, they also grew more profitable. The tide had turned ; income was larger than outgo, and it truly seemed to tho long harassed man that an era of peaco and prosperity had sot in. To a superficial observer thingB might have appeared to be going on much as before, but there were influences at work which Holcroft did not clearly comprehend. As Alida had promisod.herself she spent all the money which the eggs brought in, but Holcroft found pretty muslin curtains at the parlor win dows, and shudes which excluded the glare from the kitchen. Better china took the place of that which was cracked and unsightly, in brief, a subtle and refining touch was apparent all over the house. "How fine wo aro getting I" he remarked one evening at supper. ' " I've only made a beginning," she replied, nodding defiantly at him. "The chickens will paint the house before the year is over/' " Phew ! when do the silk dresses come in P" " When your broadcloth does." " Well, if tnis goes on, I shall certainly have to wear purple and fine linen, to keep pace." . " Fine linen, certainly. When you take the next lot of eggs to town I shall tell you just the number of yards I need to make half a dozen extra fine shirts. Those you have are getting past mending." ' : "Do you think I'll let you spend your'money in that way?" . " You'll let me spend my money just as I please ,-in the way that will do me the moat good !" - "What a saucy little woman you are becom ing!" he said, looking at her so fondly that she quickly averted her eyes. i. " It's a way people fall into when humored," she answered. " See here, Alida, you're up to some magic. It 'seems but the other day I brought you here, a pale ghost of a woman. AB old Jonathan Johnson said, you were 'enj'yin' poor health.' Do you know what he said when I took him .off-so he wouldn't, put you through the catechism P"< "No," she replied, with a deprecating smile '-and rising color, ..s y'y "He said he was 'afeared I'd been . taken in, you were such a sickly-lookin' critter.' Ha, ha ! Wish he might see you now, with that flushed face of yours. I never believed in magic, but I'll haye to come to it. You are bewitched, and are being transformed into a pretty young girl right ' under my eyes; the house is bewitched*and is growing pretty, too, and pleasanter ali the time. The cherry and apple trees are bewitched, for they never blossomed so before ; the hens are be witched, they lay as if possessed ; the--" " '" Oh, stop, or I shall think that you're bewitohed yourself." "I truly begin to think lam." > " On, well, since we all and everything are affected in the same way, it don't matter.'.' . " But it does. It's unaccountable. I'm begin ning to rub my eyes and pinch myself to wake up." r " If you like it, I wouldn't wake up." " Suppose I did, and saw Mrs. Mumpson sitting where you do, Jane here, and Mrs. Wiggins smoking her pipe in the corner. The very thought makes me Bhiver. My first words would be, .' Please pass,the cold p'ison.'" " What nonsense you are talking to-night !" she tried to say severely, but the pleased, happy look in her eye3 betrayed her.. He regarded her with the open admiration of a boy, and she sought tq diverD his attention by asking, " What do you think has become of Jane ?" "I don't know-stealing around like a strange cat in some relation's house, I suppose." . " You once said you would like to do something for her." \- " Well, I would. If I could afford it, I'd like to send her to school." . ' ;" Would you like her to come here and study lessons part of the time ?" . He shivered visibly. , ' "No", Alida, and you wouldn't either. She'd make you more nervous than she would me, and that'B saying a good deal. I do feel very sorry for her, and if Mrs. Week3 comes to see you, we'll find out if something can't be done, but her pre sence would spoil all our cosy comfort. The fact is, I wouldn't enjoy having anyone here. You and I are just about company enough. Still, if you feel that you'd like to have some help -?-" ¡ " On, no, I haven't enough to do." "But you're always a-doing. Well,if you're content, I haven't Christian fortitude enough to make any changes." She smiled, and thought that she was more than content. She had begun to detect symptoms in her husband which her own heart enabled her to interpret. In brief, it looked as if he were . drifting on a smooth, Bwifttidetothe same haven in which she was anchored. , Ono unusually warm morning for the season, rain set in after breakfast. Holcroft did not fret in the least that he could not go to the fields, nor did he, as had been his custom at first, find rainy day work at the barn. The co ws, in cropping the lush grass, had so increased their yield of milk that it was necessary to churn every other day, and Alida was busy in the dairy. This place had become inviting by reason of ita coolness, and she had rendered it more so by making it perfectly olean and sweet. Strange to say, it contained another chair beside the one she usually occupied. The apartment was largo and stone-flagged. Along one side were shelves filled with rows of shining milk pans. In one corner stood tho sim ple machinery which the old dog put in motton when tied upon his movable walk, and the churn was near. An iron pipe, buried deep in the ground, brought cool spring water from the brook above. This pipe emptied its contents with a low gurgle into a shallo w, oblong receptacle sunk in the floor, and was wide and deep enough for two stone crocks of ample size to Btand abreast up to their rims in water. The cream was skimmed into these stone jars until they were full, then Holcroft emptied them into the churn. He had charged Alida never toattempt.thispart of the work, and, indeed, it was beyond her strength. Afcer breakfast on churning days, he prepared everything and set the dog at work. Then he emptied the churn of the buttermilk when he came in to dinner. All the associations of the place were pleasant to Alida, lt was here that her huaband had suowri patience as well as kindness in teaching her how to supplement his work until her own experience and judgment gave her a better Bkill than he possessed. Many pleasant, laughing words had passed between them in this cool, shadowy place, and on a former rainy morning he had brought a chair down that he m-ght ke.-p her company. She haa not carried it back, nor was Bhe very greatly Burpriaed to see him saunter in and occupy it on the present occasion. She stood by the churn, her figure outlined clearly in the light from the open door, as she poured in oold water from time to time to hasten and harden the gathering butter. Her right sleeve was rolled well back, revealing a white arm that waa becoming beautifully plump and round. An artist would have said that her attitude and action were unconsciously natural and graceful. Holcroft had scarcely the remotest idea of artistic effect, but he had a sensible man's perception of a charming woman when she is oharming. '.Mr. Holcroft," she asked, very gravely, " will you do something for me P" i " Yes, half a dozen things." "You promise?" ; " Certainly. What's the trouble P" * " I don't mean there shall be any if I can help it," she answered, with a light ripple of laughter. " Please go and put on your coat." " How you humbugged me ! Ifs too hot." -. *f Oh, you've got to do its you promised. You oan't stay here unless you do." " So you are going to take care of me as if I were a small boy !" " You need care-sometimes." He soon came back, and asked " Now may I Btay ?" , , " Yes. Please untie the dog. Butter's come." , , " I should think it would, or anything else, at your coaxing." " Oh-h, what a speech ! Hasn't that a pretty: golden hue ?" Bhe asked, holding up a maBS of the butter she was ladling, from the chum into a wooden tray. "Yes, you are making the gilt-edge article now. I don't, have to sell it to Tom Watterly any more.". v -, ?? " I'd like to give him some, though.'' He was silent, and something like Buddenrag'e burned in his heart that SlrB. Watterly would not permit the gift. That anyone should frown on his having Buch a helper as Alida was proving herself to be made him vindictive. Fortunately, i ber face was turned away, and she did not see hie : heavy frown. Then, to shield her fromadisagree able fact, he said, quickly A Czar's Life is Not a Happy one-The Czar and Czarina at Breakfast. CZARINA (coming into breakfast) : " Good morning, ray dearvitoh !" ; CZAR : " Good morningskoff !" :'f; : A J- "" CZARINA: "Allow me to congratulate you upon your escapingasaassination during the night." CZAR: " Thankski! Will you please taste the coffee, to see whetherit is poisoned ?" " Do you know that for over a year I steadily went behind my expenses, and that your butter making has turned the tide already ? I'm begin-, ning to get ahead again." " I'm so glad," and her face was radiant. "Yes, I should know that from your looks. It's clearer every day that I got the . best of our bar gain. I never dreamed, though,' that I should j enjoy your society as I do- that we should become such very good friends. That wasn't in the bar gain, wa3 it ?" " Bargain !" The spirited way with which she echoed the word, as if thereby repudiating any thing like a sordid side to their mutual relations, was not lost on her wondering and admiring partner. She checked herself suddenly. " Now let me teach you how to make butter," and, with the tray, in her lap, she began washing the golden product and presiing out the milk. He laughed in a confused, delighted way at her piquant, half-saucy manner as he watched her deft round arm and shapely hand. " The farmers' wives in Oakville would say your handB were too little to do much." ' "They would?" and she raised her blue eyes indignantly to his. " No matter, you are the one to say about that." ( " I say they do too much. I shall have to get Jane to help you." "By all means. Then you'll have moré so ciety." "That was a home shot. You know how I dote on everybody's absence, even Jane's." " You dote on butter. See how firm and yellow it's getting. You wouldn't think it was milk-white cream a little while ago, would you ? Now I'll put in the salt and you must taste it, for you're a connoisseur." * "A what!" "Judge, then." " You know a sight more than I do, Alida." "I'm learning afl the time." " So am I-to appreciate you." "Listen to the sound of the rain and the water as it runs into , the miUc- cooler. It's like low music, isn't it ?" Poor Holcroft could make no better answer than a sneeze. . "Oh, oh," she exclaimed, "you're catching cold ! Oome, you must go right up- stairs. 1 You can't stay here another minute. I'm nearly through. "You've ne right to worry me. What would I do if you got siokP Come, Til stop work till you go." ," I was never more contented i: Ufe." "Well then, little boas, good-bye." With a half-suppressed smile at his obedience, Alida watched his reluctant departure. She kept on diligently at work, but one might have f anoied that her thoughts rather than her exertions were flushing her cheeks. It seemed to her that but a few moments elapsed before she followed him, but he bad gone. Then s"e saw that the rain had ceased, and that the clouds were breaking. His cheerful whistle sounded re-assuringly from the barn, and a little later he drove up the laue with a cart. She sat down in the kitchen and. began sewing on the fine linen they had jested about. Before long she heard a light step. Glancing up, she saw the most peculiar and uncanny-looking child that had ever crossed her vision, and, with dismal presentiment, knew it was Jane. 