'Kumber 222.' A MESMERIST IN PRISON. One convulsive effort to be master of him Belf the wretched warder made, but tbe prisoner held him with, his eye, and made two rapid passes across the upper portioii of the warder's face. The body of the warder sprung forward, he turned a half -somersault, and placed himself heels uppermost in the centre of the cell. The Governor, ?with the chief warder at 3ns elbow, paused at the unlocked door, pushed it open and looked in. Spectacles of this sort were not common in the prison, and for a moment the Gover nor seemed to doubt what he saw before him. He advanced a step into the cell and there ?halted, speechless and confounded The chief warder looked over the Governor's shoulder, and he also seemed very much sur prised. Number 222 had risen on the entrance of the Governor, and stood to attention, with his hands at his sides. His countenance ex hibited an air of mild concern, merging in pity. In the middle of the cell, the warder Slept serenely on his head. ' In Heaven's name, what's this ?' the Governor exclaimed at length, and he made a lounge with his cane at the inverted 'figure of the warder. ' Mr . Smith on his head, sir. 'Would stand that way when he heard you coming, sir,' responded Number 222. * Get up ! Atten — tion ! Stand on your right end ! Is this a damned skittle alley ?' roared the Governor, but the warder's ear was accessible only to the voice of the prisoner. ' Wnat — you won't !' and the Governor struck him fiercely two or three times with his cane ; but the warder was insensible to every shock Number 222, who alone had control of the carder's abnormal consciousness, now silently exerted his will ; and the warder at once resumed an upright posture, and his senses awoke Of the situation of the previous moment he knew nothing ; and eeeing the Governor he concluded that he had just entered the cell, and saluted him in the usual manner. ' Follow me, sir,' said the Governor, with suppressed fury, and the warder went out after him, perceiving that something was amiss, but being quite without a clue to the situation. The next day it was whispered in every ward of the prison that Number 222 had. worked another miracle, and that 'Warder Smith had lost his office . Tet wonders did not cease, and there was no ease for the warders. A subtle, im ponderable force, to which no material barriers could be opposed, issued from the cell of Number 222, and passed silently, swiftly, invisibly, into the cells of other prisoners, creating the strangest effects upon the occupants. Some were troubled with distressing dreams ; some spoke of snakes, caterpillars and lobsters in their beds ; and not a few saw the, disembodied spirits of persons to whom they owed money. A great number became suddenly deaf, dumb, or incapable of movement when at -work in the daytime, and remained, so until the magical influence which seemed to surround and overpower them was removed. One man was fined 200 marks for saying that chocolate and cold quail would be a whole some substitute for bread and cheese on Sunday, and another was put on bread and water for a week for complaining to the Governor that he saw bine flames playing about the head of the apothecary. The officers decided that the time had come when the Governor should bo put in possession of such facts as they knew, and the chief warder and the second warder were deputed a deputation to wait upon him. They had an interview with the Governor, and put him in possession of the facts. But there was really only one fact, and it amounted to this, that extraordinary things had happened and were happening in the prison. The rest was conjecture, and the conjecture of the chief warder and his subordinates reduced itself to this, that, in some way or other which they could not explain, prisoner Number 222 was accoun able for every thing that had arisen to disturb the peace of the gaol. The Governor said this was odd, for the warders had been compelled .o admit that so far as his own conduct was concerned Number 222 was an exemplary prisoner. But the Governor perceived from the state ments told to him tliat the credit, if not the salvation of the gaol was at stake ; so he swore once or twice to clear his mind, and having finished swearing, he ordered the prisoner to be brought to him. . In the same breath he countermanded the order, swore again to show that he Knew what he was about, and said he would see the prisoner in. his cell. He was conducted thither at once, and went in alone. Number 222, in accordance with his regular habit, was spending the half hour before bedtime in a little quiet meditation, and had just bean speculating as to the simplest and least troublesome method by which he might effect his escape, for the monotony of an unprofitable confinement began to be irksome to him. £ He read the purport of the Governor's visit in his face, and readily divined the causes to which it was owing ; the warders had sent the Governor to interrogate and intimidate him What then ? c Pooh !' said the prisoner to himself. ' Pooh !' * ' You are accused of creating disturb ances ia the prison,' said the Governor, and went on to lay hia charge. While he spoke the prisoner's eye was' engaged in a quiet but rigorous scrutiny of the Governor's features, and such points in his character as discovered themselves there were quickly noted .. ' Pooh V the prisoner said to iumselfjpnce more, for he had satisfied himself that the, Governor also waff euscoptible. :; : The Governor finished his harangue* and swore once or twice to show that he meant what he said. He was a man who did not ewear except upon occasion ?lam going to take you in hand, my; man !' said the Governor, at the conclusion of liis charge. * And I you, my man!' responded thie; crooner, in. dulcet but penetrating .tones. . , Tiis Governor's first thought waa thathe' had a madman to deal with, said his hand went behind him in -an instinctive search, for the door. ......'..,....- , . v ,. ,,-..vi « Bemamwhcroyouare/eaidthoprisoner, observiiyr the Grovetnbr'a nwyemenfc^vl will show you the door by-aiKUby !' The Governor, who was a bulky man and full of blood, crimsoned from one -ear to the other, and his throat and the bald space on his head grew red as well. ? There was a rattling in his throat, and then he said : — ' Do you ' know thnt I can have you flogged to the bone for this, prisoner P * Yes, yes ; but we will not talk of that. You and I are going to be excellent friends,' Baid Number 222. , ' Do you know 'who I am ?' The Go vernor's eyeballs were red now, and he was but just able to articulate. 4 Perfectly But do you know who you are ? Come now, tell me your name.' Tho Governor made an effort to shout for assist ance, but his tongue clave to his palate, and he could not get speech. * Tell me your name,' said the prisoner soothingly, and as he sopke h.e waved both hands gently before the Governor's face 4 1 am Major George Alexander Fordyce. I will have you flogged to death,' responded the Governor. 4 'Why will you talk of flogging ?' eaiei Number 222, with a smile. I*et us leave all that. We must be pleasant. I like your name, but suppose I give you another. Tut, tut ! you must not glare at ine like that I will make you call yourself by whatever name I choose.' ? . He made another pass over the Governor's face, and the fury vanished from it, but a dull and sullen look came in its place. J Sit down upon this bucket while I think of another name for you..: So '—for the Governor's muscles had tugged him down, though he resisted with the whole force of his will. ' Now let me think. I must give you a name which shall be quite absurd and meaningless. It will be such fun, yon know ; and you shall accept it delightedly See now, I'll call you Tickletoby the Tenth. Isn't it fun i Now, once more, what is your name ?' The Governor sat silent upon the bucket, but an expression. the most piteous imagine able overspread his features. 'What is your name?' repeated. the prisoner, - . ._. ' Don't !' pleaded the Governor. ? Any name but that ! It is bo very, very foolish.' Your name, sir, your name !' said the inexorable prisoner. 4 Tick ? No, no, please ! Any name in the world but that !' 4 Eesist me further, and I will dissolve you where you sit 1 2$ow, for the last time, your name !' 4 Tickle— to— by the— the Tenth,' mur mured the Governor, from whose lips the foolish words were wrung by the sheer will .power of the prisoner. Two passes more and the Governor smiled on him, and pronounced the name quite cheerfully ' Good !' exclaimed Number 222. * I told you we should be excellent friends. One word more and I have done with. you. You are my shave at present, but in five minutes I shall be yours. We are very friendly now, and I insist that you remain my friend in your waking state. Do you understand me ? I will it to be so.' ' I shall certainly remain your friend,' re- plied the Governor ia a tone of the most emphatic willingness. ' Very good. Get off the bucket. I can't have you sitting there when you find your self in authority again, for you look very ridiculous, and would wonder what had been happening ' The Governor rose smiling, and the moment he stood on his feet he was the same man who had entered the cell twenty minutes earlier. Number 222 was in a deferential attitude before him, and had, as the Governor imagined, just concluded a statement which made itsjtear that he had been maliciously accused. His feeling towards the prisoner was kindly, and. when Number 222 asked some slight favor of him, he granted it, and wished him a good night. Number 222 went to bed, and slept tran quilly. The next day hey decided finally that he would quit the prison, for, despite the conquests he had made within its walls, he was' very tired of it. In no long time he had evolved and shaped his plan. It was an adroit, and even a brilliant plan . It fascinated the author himself. Two whole days he dwelt upon it, pored over it, toyed with it, and hugged it to himself ; for the cunning of it flattered his vanity. He felt a scientific interest in it, apart from all question of its probable: or possible issue, for this plan involved the submission o£ hia powers to a great and decisive test. Briefly, it was this i he was to proewe his release from prison without the lifting- of a finger or the utterance of a syllable in his. own behalf. -?.- \- Did such achievement lie within, the com pass of human skill? 1 ' At this time there, was residing in well appointed chambers in Cork-street, Picca .dilly, a y.oung man favorably known to the best society as the Hon. Allen Bede Fit?-? (Gibbon. He was a well-bred Jind gracious young man. for whom family connections, -transparent penmanship, and an unusual reverence for the Constitution had com bined to procure the post of junior assistant secretary to the Secretary of State for the Home Department. . ..,.., . , , One evening, some' three or four days i-fter Number 222 had resolved on obtain. Ing his freedom, this^ young man dressed lutaself for a ball and*enfcered the cab which was to take him to the house of hissnter |^^:^£enBinirtoi» :;..? !:,.\v.. T..:. ';.'.'; . v._ )/'.'???'.?'?'? It was late, and the night was cloudy ; and as the cab passed through a dim and half-deserted square in the neighborhood of the park, there appeared suddenly to thei startled vision of FitzGibbon, mirrored and naming in space right ahead, of him, this brief surprising legend : Professor John McGibbon,, Number 222 in H.M. Prison at ? r, Wrongfully Convicted. The. words hung before him in space for some five or six seconds, and melted into the darkness. In five or six seconds more they reappeared, burned in the air level with- his gaze for about the same brief period, and again vanished. But by this time they had impressed themselves upon his brain. All that night, at intervals, the freakish words continued to assail him. They pricked his brain, made onset at his ear, and multiplied themselves in a thousand Bhapes and colors before his eyes. He had no joy at all that night, of woman, or of nine cup, or of valse. He quitted the ball, and called a cab to drive him home. There was the legend still, painted in quivering yellow letters upon the curtain of the night. Alan went to bed like one in a nightmare ; for the thing had no sensible import for him ; he could not pick the ghost of a meaning out of those dubious words. When he awoke they were still before him : Professor John Mc.Gibbon., Number 222 in H JL Prison at- ? - Wrongfully Convicted. And now appeared for. the first time four new words, in the form, of a postscript : He must be Released. 4 The Devil he must !* said Alan, and fell to thinking. ' Who ib Professor John. McGibbon, and why did they convict him Wrongfully, and what in the name of Mesmer has it to do with me ?' 4 ...esmer !' No sooner had he said this word than, his mind began to be faintly illumined. He thought again, and having thought awhile he remembered somewhat. John McGibbon, erstwhile Professor, ?was /the name of the famous mesmerist, wiw\ during a little summer of renown, had startled the town by his performances He had. once, at an evening party in Belgravia, mesmerised Alan himself, with unequivocal, success He recalled the Professor's words on that occasion ' I believe that I could do anything I pleased with you,' the Pro ? fessor had said ; and certainly he had done strange things with him that evening. He had, on the same occasion, mesmerised the Home Secretary, and made him declare that his watch was a baked potato, much to the annoyance of the Prime Minister, who was of the company. 4 He is capable almost cf bringing about a change of Government.' said the Home Secretary, nervously drawing a ghost on his blotting-pad. ' He might, indeed, effect our removal, sir,' said Fitzgibbon. 4 He might bring on a revolution of some sort,' said the Home Secretary. ' I believe he could do anything he pleased,' said Fitzgibbon. The Home Secretary, without further #ords, took a sheet of paper and began to write a letter in a tremulous, hasty way. 4 What are you doing, 8ir ?' Fitzgibbon ventured to inquire. 4 1 cannot help it; Fitzgibbon,' answered his chief very nervously, and writing as hard as he could. 4 Something controls and impels me. I am not master of myself. This man. must be a vehement and unmitig able villain, I know he must, and yet I am moved to write that, having fully inquired into the circustmances of his trial and con viction, it has been borne in upon my mind that he is the victim of a desperate and das tardly conspiracy. There — don't interrupt me ? I feel sure that they were all in league against him. The judge was his enemy, the jury was packed, the counsel was a mere scoundrel. Oh, to think that justice should be so perverted in a country like ours ! But he shall be released, though I lose office for it.' And the Home Secretary (a phlegmatic and Sceptical man at most times), who new wore the air of a person suddenly rad com pletely possessed, finished his letter with an effort, and addressed the envelope to ' The Governor of H M. Prison at — — - ' ' Alan,' he said then, with forced .jocu larity, _? I am going to give you an after noon ia the country. -These foolish events have upset you ; you want a breath of fresh air,, my boy. Take this letter, and travel down by the afternoon express,. and give it into the Governor's own hands.' His ? manner changed, and he added sadly : * This is a moBt deplorable business, but I feel that ? I shall not rest till it is settled. Let me see jou the moment you return.' ' That afternoon, -us he sat in the prison 1 workshop diligently stitching waistcoats, a strange calm stole over tbe spirit, oi prisoner Number 222, and in the same moment he knew that his will hod triumphed, and that his hour of release was at hand. Late that night Alan arrived at the prison and demanded to see the Governor on business of the Home Secretary. Ho was shown, at once into the Governor's presence, and gav§ him the letter that he boro - - yhe Governor read it and looked sur prised, but said that he was not sorry The nest day Number 222 was a free man. ..-?.£:..?. . ? . . ''? - : .„. CoNCLtrsiqx .-??? ? ? ? 