JULY 24.—THE BAPTISM OF JESUS.—MATTHEW III.: 13—17 ; JOHN I. :32-37. Golden Text.—" This is My beloved Son, in whom I am •well pleased."—Matthew 3 : 17. There is no good reason for supposing that John and Jesus had ever met before Jesus came asking for baptism. They lived at opposite ends of the country, and John had spent many years of his life in hermit seclusion, far from man. It even seems that an inward Divine monition led to his recognising Christ as the Messiah he heralded. John did not know Him through family relationships. We may say, with Dr. Geikie, as much as this : Our Lord's " appearance, wholly different from that of all who had thronged to his ministry, at once arrested the prophet's eye." But see John i.: 31, 33. Dr. Edershiem suggests that, though John and Jesus had not met, they must have been well known to each other ; but we cannot go farther than to admit that Jesus had heard all about John, his preaching and his rite. JESUS SEEKING JOHN'S BAPTISM. There is one point in connection with John's baptism which is seldom duly recognised, but which materially helps to explain why Jesus sought to share in it. It was a national rite, a public expression of a general national repentance. Compare the repentance of Nineveh. It was the repentance of the city, and a few set the example and led the whole. But the few were not worse than the rest. So the Israelite prophets pleaded for the repentance of the nation, and expected the better men to lead the nation in its act of repentance. Daniel was a personally God-fearing man, but but he led the confession of thenation. Nehemiah was a good man, but he took the national sins and sorrows on himself. And so with Jesus. He had no personal or individual sins to confess, or wrong thoughts of God to change, sealing penitence and change by the act of baptism. But He was a member of a race, of a nation, that was called to public repentance and change, and it was proper for Him to act with His nation. Illustrate how distinct these two things are—a man's private standing with God, and a man's public standing as one of a community. Lot may be an accepted man in himself ; he was a cursed man as a citizen of Sodom. In this direction we get the most reasonable explanation of our Lord's desiring to share in John's baptism. Hints of other explanations may be given. Suppositions are made " of His personal sinfulness ; of His coming as the representative of a guilty race ; or as the bearer of the sins of others ; or of acting in solidarity with His people : or else to separate Himself from the sins of Israel ; of His surrendering Himself thereby unto death for men ; of His purpose to do honor to the baptism of John ; or thus to elicit a token of His Messiahship : or to bind Himself to the observance of the law : or in this manner to commence His Messianic work ; or to consecrate Himself solemnly to it; or to receive the spiritual qualification for it." JOHN'S REFUSING THE BEQUEST FOE BAPTISM. On what grounds ? Dean Plumptre thinks Jesus offered to make no confession, and this brought to John a sense of His holiness. But this is strained. It is better to think that God told John who Jesus was, and so the sense of His superiority made John hesitate. It was flitting that the " less should be blessed of the greater." Urge this as an example of humility. John did not press his own claims ; he promptly and fully recognised Christ's. We find it hard sometimes, to stand aside, and let Jesus come right to the front. JESUS SECURING JOHN'S BAPTISM. The point here is that Jewish " righteousness " included ready and hearty obedience to all that God required, at first, through Moses, and to all that He might at any time require, through a commissioned prophet. John was such a prophet. Then Jesus, as a Jew, must do without questioning what John demanded. This was a good argument, and it sufficed to persuade John. It teaches us that we must not look for, or invent, any excuses for refusing our obedience to all that God requires ot men. GOD SEALING JOHN'S BAPTISM. By making it a time when He consecrated Jesus, and set Him apart for His active work and ministry. And the baptism was a symbol of His ending up His old private life, and beginning a new life under special endowments of God. He was to be preacher of the Gospel and Healer of the sorrows of men that were the results of the sins of men. The Holy Ghost given was the special fitness—the gift needed—for our Lord's ministry. This was what we should call our Lord's ordination. Compare the gifts of kingship and rule, granted by the Spirit, to Saul and David, when they were anointed. Help the class to find out— What this baptism of Jesus taught John. What this baptism of Jesus taught Jesus. What this baptism of Jesus is overruled of God to teach us. Obediently doing the little things prepares us for the trust of greater things. 