THREE KISSES. BY CLAVERLEY. Author of "The Secret of Arnsdale," "All f/i'-p," " Bv-anH >'ve," " For Love Alone," "The Legend of Glenpean,"&c;,, &c.; CHAPTER XIII. THE WARNING CRY. As to Hugh Berners, he never recovered from the shock of that dreadful night, and day and night he continued to enactnis part of the terrible tragedy, until at length his misery bereft him of his senses, and he be- came raving mad. Mad in the worst form—violently, angrily mad ; and in this madness he went through and through the whole Bad scene, with such startling reality that the blood of those who had charge of him curdled within their veins. But after a few weeks of this terribly acnte suffering, the tired weary soul found rest and qoiet, for in one of the most fearful paroxysms of grief the poor man suddenly burst a bloodvessel, and the hemorrhage was such as to end his life in a few hours, and he was laid to rest in the grave of his forefathers. But folks said tbat the spirit of his guilty wife found no rest, and came at times in the season of the year when the lake was becoming encrusted with its winter covering, to act over a^ain the scene in which her life was forfeited upon its slippery surface, in the darkened shadowed parts—Shadowed by the clumps of elder and other trees, whereon even at midday the sun refused to penetrate. And whenever this dead and gone fascinating beauty of the race of Berners made her appearance, and disappeared mysteriously under the ice, some fatality had always been known to occur. She—this spirit-form—never came when the snow lay thickly upon the erouud—no, never at that time—and then the Bernera were safe, safe to skate and do what they would upon the lake. The spirit-form came aa a warning, so the country folks said, when the ground was crisp and clear, and firm, and yet the frost was sufficient to freeze the lake—it was then that danger menaced. But it was said that that portion of the lake never did freeze thoroughly; it was never more than a thin encrustation of ic6 that covered it, and very seldom that, for the eddying, gurgling water prevented any substantial freezing. Many old people about the locality affirmed that they had seen, in their time, the water in that identical spot swell and sway backwards and forwards, as if agitated by something falling suddenly into it, and that on these occasions the wavelets assumed the colour of blood. For the truth of these statements I am not able to vouch, but many accidents have occurred upon the lake, and most of them on or near the spot where Maud Castello, the beautiful wife of Hugh Berners, threw herself before the Spaniard to save his life from her husband's vengeance, and received the sword thrust with him, and sank with himpto rise no more in life, into the dark cold waters. And on a cold still night, when the crisp hoar-frost covered branch and tree, and all the sear and withered leaves and grasses with diamond and silver-like incrustations that glittered like a Golconda mine of wealth in the light of the Queen of Night as she rode high in the infinite spase above, and then dipped for a time behind a mountain ridge of cloud—then in the calm, sweet, almost death-like stillness, as if all nature had paused to listen, there arose from that shadowed part of the lake an unearthly, wailing, frightened, fearful scream—yes, for one brief instant it was said to arise and fill all space, coming up from and dying away among the elder bushes, at that dark portion Of the lake. Only one long passionate cry it was that broke the unearthly stillness, wherein scarcely a twig rustled, ana all Nature, as it were, were holding its breath in superstitious fear and expectation; and breaking a great sigh of relief, so that one sound of horror ended, and the twigs shook themselves as if feeling safe once more as the moon peeped out again from her hiding-place among the clouds, and Bailed majestically onward. And it was said that those who once heard that fearful cry of love, fear, and pain, never forgot it, and looked anxiously for the evil that was to come to the house of Berners, of which this cry was the forerunner. CHAPTER XIV. CROSS PURPOSES, Thus this winter, with which my story is concerned, when Mr. Berners' old home was crowded with happy merry guests, very few of whom knew the legends of the race to which their host owned kinship, the Btrange cry bad been heard, and the ghost of beautiful Maud Castello had been seen. Mr. Berners was not by any means a superstitious man, bat he was particular about the lake, and would on no account allow any one to skate upon it until its depth of incrustation had been thoroughly tried and proooanced safe. And even then the portion appropriated by the old legend was strictly prohibited. Thus impatiently the guests at the Chase had to wait for the permission to be granted, and as days passed before it came, they contented themselves as they oould. Many weeks had passed since the arrival of Captain Challerton and Captain Goulding at Stagsdean Chase, and the former was no nearer—if even as near—to knowing if Lenore Astley liked him than he was upon the first evening of his arrival, when he had fallen passionately, helplessly, irretrievably in love with her. . „ „ Captain Goulding and Eva Berners were, npon the other hand, inexpressibly happy, as happy, in fact, aa lovers usually are, who are continually in each other's society, and living npon each other's fond words and smiles. Since Eva's evident anxiety to get rid of him, Captain CbaUertra bad felt to a certain degree small, and not wishing just then to place himself in the position of receiving another refusal, had become perhaps a little distant and formal in his manners towards Lenore. The girl had oertainly avoided him, and once her cousin's re-engagement had been more careful, he thought, in her avoidance of •him. But he worshipped her more and more aa the days went by; and in moody silence watched her every moment, and (hated every man on whom she smiled, or with whom she talked, and there were many men [then visiting at the Chase {who would gladly have won the love of the quiet, modest, yet queenly girL Sometimes, when she was singing and he could stand it noloogcr that other men should be at her side, and turn the leaves of her music for her, and press her to sing Bong after song, and thank her with high- flown expressions of gratitude for each and all—he would stalk moodily over and stand behind her, and then he was almost Bure that she knew icstinctively of his approach and near presence, and that although Bhe tried not to show it, any word of thanks, or turn of a leaf by him was never nnnoticed, 'and was appreciated more than all those actions from the others. And when he placed his arm round her in the dances with which they often enlivened the evenings, he fancied he could detect a tremor pass through the tall slight frame that his arm encircled; but it no sooner came than it was gone, and Lenore was her own calm self again. And if he tried to obtain a look into her eyes at these times he always failed of success, for those orbs were invariably shaded lay the drooping lids, or were looking indifferently in another direction, and never met his until the tremor—if tremor it was— was past, and then the same straight passive look as always was shining in their dark depths. And in the private theatricals, too, he and iienore, from their possession of the requisite talent, always took the most important rdlea. Lenore acted well, and sometimes in the plays Captain Challerton thought she cared for him; but when their parts _ ceased, ceat and he came to her hoping to improve his position in her regard, it was to find her the same Lenore as heretofore—quiet, pleasant, proud, and all that in her nature she really was, bat certainly somewhat distant to himself. Captain (moulding and Eva talked and wondered, and one day Reg, said he had no patience with it, for "Why didn't Archie go straight and ask Lenore if she did care for him, and not stay hanging on as he was doing, looking more miserable each day." Then Eva tried to probe Lenore's feelings by a few cousinly questions, but failed to elicit any satisfactory information. " But don't you care for him ?" asked Eva persistently. " My dear," returned Lenore, with a smile ; what do you take me fort Do you think that I, Lenore Astley, should ever degrade myself so much as to fall in love with any man unasked." " But, Lenore," persisted Eva, " don't yon like Archie? lie is realiv very nice, only I can't make out what nas come to him lately." " Like him," said Lenore, " of course I like him; I like all the visitors, and there's nothing about Captain Challerton to cause anyone to dislike nim; but really, what has put the notion of love into your head? Is it because you are so much in love yourself that you think every one else should be so too?" And then while Lva blushed, and before she could think of another way of putting ths matter, Lenore continued— Really, Eva dear, it is very kind and cousinly of ycu to try and arrange matters for me, but I assure you there are none— simply none—to arrange; I have no intention of marrying at all, in fact, I do not think I grer shall do so, and as regards your notions concerning Captain Challerton, they are but the fertile imagination of your own little brain—for Captain Challerton is less with me and less polite to me than any of the other men who are here." And Eva, finding her mission useless, and being unable to combat Lenore's assertions, gave up the idea of setting things straight for some tune at least, and in due course communicated the result of her investigations to Reg, and that gentleman indulged in a long whistle; but presently remarked, " It is a good thing that some people know when they are in love with each other, isn't it ?" to which remark Eve cordially asseuted. 