etcbeL Some Similes. "The child of the past and the parent of the future'5"is- not an unhappy simile for the-present. Happiness has been likeniedto a ghost; all talk about it, but few, if any, have ever seen it. Ambition's ladderrests against a star, remarks a clever swriter, wh6 also tells 'us that a proverb is a short truth sandwiched between wit and wisdom. Eloquence is.a coatof many colors judi ciously blended. No one thing will make a man eloquent. Flattery has been termed a kind of bad money to which our vanity gives currency. Society, like shaded silk, must be viewed in all situations, or its colors will deceive us. Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together; and charity is an angel breath ing on riches; while graves have been poetically called the footsteps of angels.. Language is a slippery thing to deal with as some may. find when selecting their similes. Saysa certain.writer, "Speak of a man's marble brow, and he will glow with conscious pride, but allude to his wooden head and he's mad in a minute." The young lecturer's similes wero'gath ered in a heap" wheni he expressed.tihe whole body of his argument on deceit in the following: "Oh, my brethren! the knowiest shirt front may conceal an aching bosom, and the stiffest of all collars encircle a throat that has many a bitter pill to swallow." It has been truly said that the abilities of man mustfallshort on one side or other, like too scanty a blanket when you are in bed; if you pull it upon your shoulders, you leave your feet bare ; if you thrust it down upon your feet, your shoulders are uncovered. The man, we are told, who has not anything to boast of but his illus trious ancestors, is like a potato-the only good belonging to him being under ground. - A man at a dinner in evening dress has been likened to a conundrum: you can't tell whether he is a waiter or a guest. A Yankee, describing a lean.opponent said, "That man doesn'tamount to a suit in arithmetic-add him up and there's noth iug to carry." An American critic in reviewing a. book said, "The rhythm sounds like turnips rol ling over a barn flior, while some lines appear to have been measured writh a yard stick, and others with a ten foot pole."' An amusing illustration was given by a parent when asked by his boy, "VWhat is understood by experimental and natural philosophy." "If anyone wants to borrow money," he answered, "that is experimental philo sophy. If the other man knocks him down thatis natural philosophy ?" Curious and comical illustiations seem natural to many children. A little girl, suffering from the mumps, declared she felt as though a headache had slipped down into her neck. "Mamma," said another youngster, alluding to a man whose neck was a series of great rolls of flesh, "that man's got a double ohin at the back of his neck." A littleothree-year-old, 'in admiring his baby brother, is said to have exclaimed, "He's got a boiled head, like papa." Talking of- curious similes-among" the southirn languages of India is the Telogoo or Telina, so rough in pronunciation that a traveller of the nation speaking it before a ruler of Bokhara, admitted that itssoiind resembled "the tossing of a lot of pebbles in a sack." A simile for scarlet stockings is firehose-laughter is the sound you hear when your hat blows off- and trying to do business without advertising is said to be " like winking at a girl in the dark." An unpoetical Yankee has described ladies' lipsas the glowing gateway of beans, pork, saur-kraut, and potatoes. This would provoke Marryat's exclamation of "Such a methaphor 1 never met afore." M'uch more complimentary was. thie old darkey's neat reply to a beautiful young lady whom lie offered to lift over the gutter, and whoinsistedslhewas too heavy. "Lor, missy" said lie, "I'se used to lift ing barrels of sugar." Wit from u man's mouth is like a mouse in a hole; you may watch the hlile all day, and no mouse come out, but by-and by, when no oie is looking for it, out pops the mouse, and streams across the parlor. 1Marrying a woman for her money, says a philosopher, is very nmuch like setting a rat-trap and :baiting it with youre own finger. An American writersays:- "A man with one idea ahlways puts-me inr mind of an old gooso trying.to hatch out a paving-stone." . An editor's simile of man's career .is summed up in thlie lines: "MIan's a vapor full of woes, starts a paper, busts, and goes." 