ODDS AND ENDS. [BY COMUS.] A friend of mine is the proud possessor of a dog, which has more points than beauty. One morning lately it was reported that poor Carlo haddied in one of the streets of the town, probably from old age. My friend, whose name shall be " A ," dug a grave in his garden for Carlo's reception. After having finished the business of sexton, A proceeded down the street, and having picked up the body of the " dear departed," carried it affectionately to its last resting place. Thoughts of many a ramble by flood and field, in which the faithful old dog had borne his part well, flitted through my friend's mind, and the idea that poor old Carlo would never again join in hunting and shooting excursions caused sad memories to chase one another in rapid succession. The grave having been filled in, A was debating in his own mind as to whether a tombstone was requisite or not, when suddenly "Carlo" appeared on the scene, and looking up at his master, seemed to inquire what the matter was. It is easy to imagine A 's astonishment at seeing what he believed to be Carlo's ghost, and it was not till my friend stooped and touched the dog's curly head that he could realise that Carlo in the flesh stood before him. A says it will be a long time before he again buries somebody else's dog in mistake for his own. While on the subject of dogs, a person I have always considered to be a pattern of truthfulness, told me the following little yarn. When I mildly suggested that the tale was a little improbable, 1 was met with the reply that he belonged to the Society for the Propogation of Truth, and therefore,like George Washington, couldn't tell a lie. The yarn was to the following effect:—" A man had a dog which used to receive its daily allowance of food at noou; but one day, when he had company to dinner, poor Juno was forgotten. After lying patiently at the feet of its master it at length got up and made its way into the garden, where it ferretted among the flower-beds, returning to the house with a bunch of forget-me-nots in its mouth." That dog should have been made a member of the Royal Society, as his knowledge of botany was so extensive. I noticed the following placed on the door of one of the Government offices not far from Maldon, a short time since :—" Anyone requiring any business at this oftice during my absence will be attended t.> by me, so please leave word." As the office was shut up, I should like to know where word was to be left Altogether the notice is a very remarkable one, and should be treasured up as a memento of government phraseology. By a late issue of the War Cry, I see that a man sold bis only pair of trousers to give a donation to the army. Could insane fanaticism go further ? That man must have been an interesting sight as he marched in the army's procession. But perhaps he was a Scotchman, and wore kilts. Mosquitoes have been rather troublesome this summer, but until a few days ago I had never heard that they were in the habit of catching fish. An acquaintance of mine, who resides at Baringhup—a sober, truthful man, and one whose word is as good as his bond—told me the following:—He had occasion to take his horse to the Loddon for a drink. Having, by vigorously ing the mosquitoes at bay whilst he assuaged his thirst, was about to continue | his journey, when, suddenly, only a few yards from him, a fine young cod, about 4lb. weight made a jump at a dragon, fly hovering over the spot It was his last jump. Almost before the astonished man could realise the fact, the ever-watchful mosquitoes had seized upon their prey. Knowing that should he once touch the water all their labour would have been in vain, the cunning wretches had formed themselves into a compact mass underneath him, which, in spite of all his flapping and struggling- the doomed fish found it impossible to break through; and thus they bore him to the bank in triumph, whilst the witness of this, strange sight aghast hastily mounted his horse and galloped off to town to telegraph an account of the affair to a well-known scientist, who has lately climbed up the ladder of fame on the back of an omi thoryn ch us. 