LIKE AND UNLIKE. J Br M. E. Braddo*, AtttfiOC OC * IMF AWXWJ-1 MOmiV R«, C*£iVterXL.—The Forloe* Hope. valentine ueiaeM walked to We fartnon | tnd ot the platform and itood there, ooldend ( aloti like a man in an ague fit, till bii train , base in from Ptyvnonlh, aodtben ba bad to ( m after the train aa it otaamod Intotna , 'atatlcn, and acnmbla into a Crat>elaaa eom. , \- gfSrlmenl, pasting and braathleaa, and wbita . to the lipa, • Ton oughtn't to inn IMnga aa eloaa aa thatj -air, yon don't lock the Mad of man wba cam atand It,' aril an elderly person, one ot thoae Amiable fccly- bodies wlro are alwaya intarestad in other fwople'a affaire. Valenti** aoowltd at him by way of ■DiwH.at ba throw bia dcer-atalkcr into Ibe tack, and map pad Oil forehead aaid 'hair, damp vKlb lay tweet. * A^churlieii pseeoaega,' thongkt Mia Wait Country rector, * ecmeihing wrong with the heart, and a aery <lrritable temper,'«nd tba good'mao triad to intern! hknteU in hi* newepaper, glaooiag orar the tag of it every mow and then ta tee if there were ■may bopa of. convene tax. 'Valentine gaff on hla eap again, polled it over hit forehead, and coiled bimaell in a corner of the carriage in on -attitude that "recant total -halation. Ha waa trying to cecorn hit nerve after that worldu> appari ' Con of Bt. Amtell. ' By—.,<1 waa alraidnf thrman,' ha aaid ' to hhnraM. ' For the Goat lime in my life 1 '-have known what it ia to tear lha face ot a man. If a Arena of conetablmam* to arrea! ana, warrant and bandonCi acmplete, t ■wouldn't Clash ; bat his face unnerved ma. He loved her. He would aft me, “ What ban jwo'dona with that frail, falsa, lovely «Iri whore heart area mtoeT' Yea, bla, hie— not aaina. II ana hia iove'I murdered. It l» lo bmi I am anawreahla. It was bia tile I: wpoikd. Sha had aaaaad to belong to aae— Ahe wrt openly, avowedly/-hia. And I quailed befoechiffl, tamed oiek -with fear at tight of Ibe written who wrengadtna.' t'or an hour or ■tere'ht eat In bii owner,, livmgcver Wat brief momect of moating— wtoiag that pining anion of a malignant' face.'lelliog hknaeif again and again in fciferreat moakery Wat it area St AaaieU who d>ad*!ott by that fatal blow. At lart. and with a treaaodocaaffort, be diamiaard tbta dark train of thoughts, and hia tnind cecnrrtd lo oat of thwobjects of bia jouror; tcC- oadoo. Hver tinoe that 4nat marling with Hedge Harley, the girl «nd<har mltrioa bad ban ^refani to hia aaind Paaaion waa daad'in -feorhim, buried under the crushing weight of awcreal remorte, nnaahed and troeaa aa the aeaui ate ia a nightmare Then waanr re ahiadiiug of on old dace ; bat in thenebee of hfe dead lo*#fw that atraoge girl there-waa « faint glow, a little spot of warmib remain* •og where all elae bad grown aold. £»tali dbat if the e aeold >ba cumfort or hope tor * Aiim any while wpoo Ibia earth, tl would be \- arith her. He fvltWet it there were anyone *<o whem be ooaldwasfeee hie arise,-t**waa 1 Hedge D.rley, aodsote prieat. * Toe Forlorn Hays,1 he repeated to h-mrelf • Si he aat ia hie aeraer, looking oat at the iHeodecape , every4eId, and oop*e, and hill. And curviig atreas, familiar to him'from boyhood ; beheld* again and again at all season*, -osetimaa in liatlas vacuity,-aome timea ia impatience. At 1st ibe train ataamed into Piling ton Station on the edge of du*k. The mn*et glowed darkly red athwart tba London toy, «« the tram parted Harrow and Caoweil. The great vaulted-roof of tba teminoa looked Chaatly and ecgolobral in the chilly tight of wleetric lamp*. Valentine told-* ,citer to take hii.port anacteaux .o Ibe >Creat esters hotel, and thence ft tba atatioa on fool. He waa going bo Ii'.'aon Groae to look fur Ibe dlelnge founded by Madge D&rley.; The long tberaeghfare of the Grove waa fight with iampKt shops, and full of traffic. VaUnlio* i< qaUaad in om of the (hope, aod waa directed to a aide a treat, a diamnl lookirg him! of-ahabby. diUp dated -boaaea. which migbl have bad acmo pretension *o repeatability half a century ago, bat which had (atieo to about tba loaeat-stage In the bl.tory of Aricka aoo mortar - They were honeee cf a cootider.bie aiz*. however, and offered aacoacoodetiou lo a oooaidereb'e Kpulation, aa appaared by the vaiinna bled a indent .aaggetting many domimlea wnder one roof. Aeroee the front ot oaa of tbeae boneat, of • aomewbal battar-aepeet than ita naigbhoara, appeared a long black board, on which th« worda,' Toe Forlarn Hope,' wen painted in large white lettere. In front of Ibe fanlight there waa a lamp with the word*, * Refuge for Women and dKrla,' in black lettere, on tbeglae*. There-*rraa no poeeibto mietake aa to the mot.a* tel char aster of tbca ioalitu Hon. The door ewuwgwpsn at Valentine'* loach, •nd, M be orowidthc threthold, a woman in « black gown aad while eap earns out ot the parlour next the nreet, and met bint in the I*m»8«. It waa Madge Barley. The thephaedata wae alwayt ready to>reoriv* the loti ebaep. The fold waa bumble and ouettraative, but i it meant what it offered—8halter. 8he atarted at light cf a tall man in a fur i bordered coat—Bleated again on reoogoitieg v Valentine. * Mr. Belfield 1’ ahe exalrimed. 'Ye*. I told yowl thonld oome to you -come day, Madge, and yon promised net to . shot your door u> my fas.' ‘ I am not likely toido that ; but I den'l < Hjinh you will waa! to atay very Jong iu ihii r She led the way intc the parlour, a plainly -.Jnrniabad room, lighted by a cheap paraMc . .tamp, under a gretn ahade. -< A tall pres mad* of ipUeh pine oeoupied \- either eio* of the fireplace. The table wae cf varniehed deal, the walla were white* . waehed, the flnrwae .aiaearpeted, and half a-dezen ruah-b attorned Chain sompleted the • fnrnitnre of the room; bat all waa sorapa lonely neat and riean. A fire horned ohecrily In the chining grate, and an open-work braaa fender made one point of <biigbtn**a in the , picture. A large iron ketile wae ringing on the cfd-faahioned hob. 'Fray ail down,' aaid Madge, pointing to a .. chair opporita he^mwn. 'ifon have an idle hoar to epare, I inppoae, and yon have eoma lo aee car Relog*—to dod out for yoareelt wbathos: we are doiog good work-in order thatyoc may help ».' She npoka gravely, faltering n little, more deeply moved ty hie pretence .in that plaoe than aha.t7oold hare cared to owa to heree f The leiaan of her life for nearly four years had been the haaon of (orgetf nlnew ; bat it . wae not yaZ learned. Hit eoioe, liia face, bad -etill the power to awaken a strange ..cnrectoning gladnaai, to give liia a new ‘No, Mafee; I have come on no eneb .shtiamhrowie errand. I conteae to oara vary little whether yonr work of mercy tbrivea or (Mil. I am here from pare eeUtibneae. I . nm eaten op by my own aaeee; my own burden ia too heavy for me, and of late,.might . or dry, I am divonred by one thmigbt, one . hope—' He Mopped noddenly, looking at her with *Je« tiiat ahona levetiably bright U hie pale and haggard fane, with oaa etrotig hand . alenehed upon the table between them.' 1 The Jorlorn Hqpv, Madge,' he aaid in a' linw voiac, after a few moments' ailanoe, ' tba Aopa that yon will pity me when no one .ewe in thie^ world, oxoapt my brother, ean iPltJ me, haowing all. Yea, that yen, know tlng my tin, might etill pity me—might atill Me flung UmHlf on bis knee* at bar feel. jHe seized her band and covered it with .Ahaae, daapsiarag irtsee, wbieh mured her more fhaa hie wifdaM paaaion of days gone by ^bad tier moved her, fondly aa ehe had loved , fibs tempter. Sha aoatehed her hand (ram him iodig pvitly, looking et him In angry turpriae. ‘ l tbsoght yoo knew me belter than to (rib to me in tbs old strain,' ahe mid. ‘I thought I had shown yea that I am not the Hind of woman to ha tempted by t fin flteiiei lover—le be ttmpltl bow, after 1 mavafiireamylifate ttm eerieg of meekac warn i , Pe yen Ihhh 4ha> ( fimHicriy te ; (euget that yoa ere aaafcM .momnjVt—» FWifibTn tyeyvWd wtsaeiwwTwne iL new', I 11 ind—and that when you were * (tea sum mrafoaed to marry met’ *1 ni • tool, Uilgi, a proud, mU ^sionMUiai I did ool know that you ■ere tbi cm fOBH upon tbtl earth who mid hare made my life happy—who might are ini ueaeed me (or good. 1 ni hemmed a aad bound round by petty prejudices, by igeted belief in birth and position. Whet re birth and position when weighed against be nobility ol Book a nature as your it I aw in yon only a baawtifol peasant, whose tt raa my basinets, ne si gsntlemur, lo aedaoe. knd when I aaw that jour reeiatanea was sal and earnest, t Ion my temper, aad haded my sett in tors with another woman; Lt waa pique theft made ma Belea Devtrill’e lover.’ Ho shuddered »s ha pronooaoed hie wife’s 'That la aill peat and dona with,' aaid Hedge, gravriy. * I am eery retry that yoar marriage ended unhappily; bat thus ia a tong iUe batata yon yet, I hope, and there moat ha something (or yon to do in it. And! now I most ats attar my patients. It ia tea time. Sbdll Imake joaaoop of leal’ I She went to one of the pteseaa, opened H, and began to taka onl saps-end leasers, and little oroekery teapote, and traye, and plates. Everything waa ot the -ebeapeet, bat ths thtogrbed hem eboeen tor their prettinear, and the little Iraya bod-a neat and dainty look aa those aetiva bands arranged them, enoh with its spetleas Hnan d'oylay. 'Tea. pleaae. Isbonld raoah a cep at «o!d water from year band. And my mouth ia pushed and toll Ot Awel altar my journey. Think o( ma ai tba want of jour patients. Have jon many ia ths houia V ■Every bed 11 hll-sxeept one. Thera ia a ■girl of nineteen to the nest room, dying. Ill yea eould hear her story yon weald knew wbat mil ary means.'1 -'8fae waa moving'to and fro between tbs I preia and the fireplace, filling bar little tea pot! from Ihs big iron kettle aa ibe talked to j * I need not wait (or that, I know the j meaning of misery.' j * Ah, hat not ot inch miiery. ai the bee i ooffsred. a gttlheod that baa been oaa long degradation. Think cf what it waa foe that girl to awaken to the first eaaecioniaese ot life in the midst ot snob tool annoondinge as decant lips dar* not nuns ; to have been so i reared ee not to know ths meaning of tin nil she waa steeped in it, blackened by it, I dying of it. That ia bar history.' I ' She is what yon anil an intonating ease,> I enppoia.’ | ' She ia oaa among many. Old aad young1 oome here every day, pleading for a ootaarj to die in. That is about all we oan give yet! awhile.' I ' Yon have done a good deal, I think, in' establishing such a refuge.' j 'People are so kind. The poor bans helped me as moeb aa the risk. Those who bars had no moony to give fuse brought on little presents out o! their h on rehold goods,’ nt a sacrifice. This iron kettle was brought by a widow who goes oat sharing. It waa a legacy from a batcher's wife wbom •****& served for years. " It is too good for me, sister,'' she said. " Any lints tin tsa-kettls will do to make my enp ot tea.” She kissed ths kettls bsfors ah* banded U to me, for tore ot her dead mistress.’ c Sbs set one ot tbs tea traye before him, with a little plate ot bread and butter, each as she bad been catting toe bar patients fibs rang a bell, and a woman ot about forty oarne into the room, dxsased in i gray merino gown and • white cap and apron. She looked like a lady, bat ibs was very thin and genet, with a pale pinched faos and a aad smile, j Sne locked surprised at finding a etrsoger mated by the beu'h. * Sister Angela, Mr. Belfield,' mid Hedge, by wsy ol introdnetioo. ; Hr. Belfield is good eaoogh to be inleresteo in oar work, sister.' Angela Dowed, ball made no reply. The two wutnen took half a 1 dozen of the little traye between them, and went awsy to attend to their patients, leaving Valentine to stare into the dm and brood over hie p.sl life. He thooghl of those careless days oa ths I river, with boat, and dog. and gun; the I sheer idleness of tansy wMea bad led him to Hadgs Darley's callage; the bold bee besot j had taken of him. and hit eeornfol disbelief j ia her virtue. And he now earns to this woman in bis agony, as the one woman who I oonid give him help and comfort, whom strong brave soul a oa Id inspire Mm with ooarsge to begin life anew And having oome into this boose of psia. he fslt aa it it would be best ot all to stay here for ever, to be her dark. her ally, her dradge, only to have the privilege ot being Dear her. H aim et forgot hi* scheme of distant travel, be waa ready to grovel at her test and plead to be allowad to stay with her. Bbe was absent lor more than an hoar. He emptied tba tea pot, and looked at hit waroh a dozen time* before she seme back. ' Am yon surprised to sea me here etill,' he ' Yes, I thought yon wonld have gone hack to your hotel. Ibis ia not a place for yon.' * I suppose not, ysl yon told ms it I ware in great diatrasi I might come to you - for shelter. I hoped to find the name ot ynur bouse wee not altogether a deluiioa—The Forlorn Hope. 1 have no other bop*, Hedge. ’ * That eannol be true. Yon have .your mother, who adores you' ' Hy mothtr oaanot help ms lo base my harden. It woaU blast her deolinisg years, bring her in angaith to the grave, to know the nature ol my misery. I want same strong bosom to lean open; I want some beroio seal to ins pit* me with courage. -Hedge, I have some lo yon—to yon, aa the only woman who oaa abed a ray ot light npon Ihie darksoed iplrik I am a viler sinner than any of yoar lost sheep Hive pity apoo me it yoa oan, Hedge, for I am the i kind ot (inner whom no one pities. I ant a murderer !' He clasped her hand in both hie own, and' i drew her nearer to him, looking np at her with despairing eyes, aaabe stood looking; -down noon him, speechless with honor. ‘.I killed my wife.' •Oh, God!' M bad the contauion el her taliebood ir>: -my hand, her own deliberate declaration that' she had eeased to love me, and that she was' passionately in love wi h another man— that' aha was leaving me to be hia miatrrsi A pleasant letter (or a hatband to reed, Madge - Tbe ink waa wsl npon the paper, aad star stood there looking at me—beantifnl—fai*e! to the core. I etruok her to the grouod. It waa only one blow, but it killed her. Be. tween Ibe reading ot that letter and her death, there wai bot an interval ot half-a dozen seconds. The ink waa wet etill, end ^e was dying at my feet looking np at me— ‘ It was horrible/ gasped Madge, ■ an awfpl, irreparable calamity—but not murder. Yon did not mean to kill her.’ ‘I will not aay ai moob ai that. I think I wanted to kill he**a« I wonld have killed bet seducer had he been there—bat I wee sorry the instant she was dead. The agony ot remora* began before that ink was dry.' 'Yen sbouk^tsv* confessed the troth; yon shoe Id haver braved ell ooostqosnoee.' ‘ I should. I wai a onward and a tool; a craven, to shrink from the . ooseacqoesee* ot my wrath. I had a right to be angry. I for got how frail a thing she waa. fihe fell like a lily—a tall white lily napped in a (term. One momiai, my passion bad vanted iteeli and aha waa dead.’ And than ha weal on to describe tbst ghastly burial of ths dead, ia the ritace of the aommsr night. He dwelt oa every detail, abowing how vividly every airaom atanoa ot that dismal acens bad painted it self npon his memory. Ha recalled these things shudderingly, as a man relates a bad dream: which be ha* dreamed again aad again. ' Did no onesnspeet youf * No one has found me oak There ie s man I (aspect of being soma kiad ot bates dropper and a spy—a man who is on a visit to bet (ether, aad who paaaea lor a gentle ' Yoa mast not lose an hoor in get iwsy from England—from Europe—key the reash of parsnit, 0 that be posei SospidonoBM (caused, detection might lagy, and than, having alddsa year sri rca might nob a deUbarato mutdi nrieed ot the vMim at a moment's pea* foo anri sail by lbs first ship that aanw ra. Oo |a Idnrpoe! tonight by |h« oa Liverpool it Ifa* pari—and it. ,n to morrow • ‘ I am in no harry.' ' Bafe it yoar Rcrst were ones suspected, to »ve England then would 1-jok like fl’ght.snd sly confirm taapicioc. Go at once, while on are free to go.' ' I have hall» mind to stay and take tny banoe.' be answered ihooghifully. * If yoa roold be kiod to bib. Madge—il ycu would et me spend .an boor in this room sometimes, leer tbs sound .of ycur'voice, watch' yoar omieg in and going cat, I woald ratbarsisy ■ Loodou than go to Africa to look for liaaondi and shoot big gaira. I am not tbe nan I was before that night, Madge. When —wben I bad done that deed, my. first thought was to save my neck—to bide my grime and go scot free. I thought life would be tba asms as it bad been—tbe banting Wd—tbe reaeeanrse—tbe battue—ell the same. I thought I oowld forget. Bat when the mason* came round again, and Ibe old sports, and tba old people—my G d, wbat a change. All the zeet and flavour were gone. I went sbent aa if I was in a dream, only bait eomoiens of my own sxietenoo or the life round me. Wbenvtr I went, the tame haunting thoughts went with me, and a ghost that woald not be laid. Ob, Madge, yon are strenget than I—braver, nobler. Pity, me if yon can, as Ifa* strong should pity the weak.’ * I do pity yon, poor sonl, with all my heart,’ etoe answered, softly. She beet over him and kissed his burning forehead. -For; tbs first lima tat thair lives, her lips louobeo him in love, freely given, * God bleu yon, Madge, for that kiss,' he faltend, • It shows a e that yon oan .pity ms. Gh, ray love, don't banish me. 'Lei me stay near yoo—always. Let me serve > on as a afevceerves bis master. Let me get a suit, fnstian>acd eordoroy, in L «eon Grove, a no aany easts sad clem wind, «■ far yon—anti! yon have tiled me by jctri of ifailbtnl service, if yon like. God knew* I will be patient, in consideration et the wretch lam, sad'then when yon have found that there is same good io me, 1st me be your hatband, sad'lat ns go away together lo Ihe eod of tbe world. If then is happiness for-mt-apon ibis onrtb it most be found with yon. ’ •She looked at him in eilcaes, with a slow, end smile, for soma moments 'before she 4 Thst is all n drsem, Mr. 'Belfield, e fiivsrilh dream of you poor eiok-sool. I have my doty bate, wbish I shall never leave . and yon have your duty to yoorult,'and lo you -mother and brother. Think bow their lives would be darkened by grief aod shame if you war* brought to answer toc<year crime, and mads to appear that which yea -were not—a deliberate mnrderer. For their sake yon ought to get away while'the coast is clear. Begin a new Hfa in a new country. Find new duties, as I found mine when ay life was most dMolate; and in doing yooc duty and saving tba aculs of siensrs, yon may find a full atonement for you own sis. -And then io« shadows wilt be lifted, the harden will be 1st sen ed, the fight willooise.' *1 cannot live without you. Midge. I have yearned for yoa in my -misery. Tbsi kiss has aealtd as as yourewn for ever.’ 'It yon persist in saying these things, I will never tee yon >gaia Mr. Belfield. I have don* with love, and all thoughts of love. I have planned oat my pstb in life, and mean to keep to it. And oow I must srilh yon good night, tad ask yon to leave this boose. I have a great deal to do before bedtime.' 'Cannot other people do it for yoa: Cannot yoa give on* evening-in your life to my despair—you who do so mnoh lo: othws ?' 4 Iamthabesd of oar little organisation, and have lo see that aU>ii don rigbity. Thera ara three and twenty, poor or ailing girle and women ia the hoots, and^only thrse riritn besides mytalf to ses to them. We are k risterhood of twenty-two. ■ I am the only permanent resident. The other twenty-one aaah give one day and night in every week to tba work. They some at eight one evening and ^ go away at right on the following evening. It is ona day taken from the week of ssorldly business lo- the work of mercy. We find the plsn works bettor then many resident .isterhoodt. The-sisters are more eheerfol, belter tempered, and in better health. Their liras are not monotonous. Than it no wtarinttt, no pining for tretpe into tits outer world. They always bring a certain amount of freshneea to their work; and it makes them happy to know that however worldly the net of their livee may good/* ^ °°* °* 1(760 ** ■Pent 1° doing 4 Tbt plan It your invention,-1 suppose 7’ 4 Yes, it Is mine.4 4 Clear brain ; strong beurt I Why did I not know yonr value foar years ago ? Well, Madgt, yon have reoeived one kindly, and I won’t impose upon yonr .kindness. Good night. I shall ooma again to-morrow evening.' * Think belter of it, and go to Liverpool by the sight mail.' advise°d k® repeated, • ignoring her 'Goodnight.' They elatped bands and parted. Saaroelj hid the outer dcor (hot opca him, when she Covered hoi faoe With her hands and burst 4 Oh, my low, my sln-itaioed love!' she murmured; 4 Iosre for you -more in your abasement than I ever cared for you yet. I would give my Ufa to lead you baok to happiness, If I had any hope .yon eonld ever be happy. Bat the earns of blood is on yoar sonl, and what hope can there be for yon on this aide of Mrs grave !' (to sa oomsms.) 