A PARIS GHOST. A 'kind of successor t<) the famous Cocklane ghoBt h«s been " raised" and run to earth in a rather dismal part of Paris. The apparition (the Paris correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph says) was in the habit of making its manifestations near the lugubrious Chimps de Navets, or "Turnip Field," where the mangled remains of decapitated criminals are finally deposited after the doctors have done with them. For the past fortnight the people who dwell near the cemetery have benn frightened by the *' bogy," which usually selected cloudy nights for its walks abroad. The spectre was described as being of gigantic size, with long arms; and some market gardeners who had passed near it in their caits during the small hours of the morning, said that one of their number had fired a whole pocketful, of bullets from a revolver at it without touching it. The inhabitants of the Ivry township became so terrorstricken that not one of them would venture near the graveyard at night. Legends and tales were being fast concocted by the oldest inhabitants in order to impress the younger people with a due idea of the thrilling experiences of their elders, and it was darkly hinted that the ghost might be the shade of one of the murderers whose debris find a resting-place in the Ivry graveyard. The more practical inspector of police of the district, however, regarded the ghost from the nineteenth century point of view; and when the mysterious movements of the gigantic figure with the long arms was brought to his cognisane, he shrewdly conjectured that the long arms were in search of something. He accordingly otganised a razria as if the ghost were a vulgar nocturnal prowler, and his men stationed them- selves behind a clump of trees. Soon they saw the phantom rise from a grave and direct its steps towards a potato-field close to the cemetery. Having unceremoniously climbed:-a wall between it and the potatoes, the apparition proceeded to a hiding-place, whence it drew forth a handcart, which it began >to fill,with .potatoes. The policeman .charged at the midnight potato-robber and handcuffed him. The apparition, enveloped in his winding sheet, was. then marched to the station-house, where he was identified as a juvenile delinqueut of the parish who had already qualified himself for change of air beyond the seas by divers offences which he had planned with great ingenuity. 