One Day of My Life. I To-day is my birthday, and kind friends shower gifts and I congratulations on me. I smile and laugh with the gayest ; I yet my heart is full of bitter sorrow and remorse and un- I availing regrets. ?, I Although to a superficial observer my lot has seemed a I bright and fortunate one, there is one day of my life, of I -which this very day is the anniversary, which has cast a I dark shadow over all my future, ' and my soul from out I that shadow shall be lifted, evermore.' It was my 14th birthday, a bright and lovely day in early autumn, and in honour of the occasion my two favourite friends, Julian and Emily, were invited to spend the whole ; day with me. J Oh, how happy we were ! We had our tea in the garden, I —a sumptuous repast, to which we did ample justice. Then \ we rambled about the spacious enclosure, picking fruit and ; flowers to our heart's content. I remember Julia and | Emily made a lovely wreath and crowned ma with it, \ declaring 1 was to be their queen. I 'Don't be picking: all my fruit and flowers, young ? ladies,' said old John the gardener ; but we only laughed H at him. Afterwards, as the evening grew chilly, we ? entered the house, and sitting round the fire, amused our- B selves first by talking about friends, and then telling stories. H One led on to another, and at last we essayed to frighten ? each other by relating the most gruesome ghost stories we B could think of. B After a time Julia said suddenly, 'How thoughtfully B you look, Katie; I think I frightened you with that last B story of mine.' BJ ''Nonsense,' said I : ' but I have thought of something B amusing. 'Will you and Emily leave the room for five B minutes, while I hide myself i' B| An elfish, or rather I should say a diabolical, idea had BJ entered my head, for I now firmly 'believe it was an inspire- BJ tion of the evil one. BJ When the two] girls had left me, I extinguished all the Bj lights, and drawing up the blinds, let a flood of moonlight BJ into the room. It was a spacious apartment, full of nooks BJ and corners, which threw dark shadows over a great portion Bj of it. A door opened on the garden, and a large elm- tree . BJ growing near the house waved its weird-like branches BJ against the window-pane. K The room looked uncanny ; the shadows assumed gro- BJ tesque shapes, and the moonlight which streamed in at the BJ window, combined with the light from the fire, made these B seem more grotesque. My heart almost failed me, but I Bj was resolved to carry out my idea, it would be such fun I B thought. Bj Selecting a dark corner, where only a few rays of B flickering moonlight fell, I laid myself down full length on H the floor, and rigidly stretching out my limbs and folding Bj my hands, assumed the appearance of death. BJ £ remember I caught a glimmering reflection of myself B in the mirror opposite, and was half startled and inclined Bj to relinquish my purpose when I saw it. Ah ! if 1 had B only listened to my good angel; but the hand of Fate was Bj on me, and I was destined to carry out to the bitter cud Bj her fell behest. Bj To add an additional horror to ray appearance, I took two B pennies out of my pocket and placed one over each eye. Bj The five minutes soon passed, and then I heard Julia and Bj Emily enter the room. ' How strange,' they both ex- Bj claimed; ' she has put out the lights.' ~S 'I feel rather frightened,' said Emily, fwho was the BJ most timid ; the room looks so gloomy.' BJ ' Oh, nonsense,' replied Julia. 'It was very clever of ? her to put out the light, it will be more fun to find her. BJ You go and look under the sofas and chairs, while I look Bj into all the corners.' Bj I heard them poking about here and there, and was ? afraid they would stumble over myfeet in the dark. At last Julia exclaimed, 'Oh, look, Emily, there she is; but how strange she looks.' Both girls now stood over me, and I knew somehow they were staring at me though my eyes were shut. ' Katie ! Katie !' they cried, ' get up. We have found : you; the game is over; don't try to frighten us.' i Julia seized my. arm to drag me up, but I (determined to carry out my game to the bitter end) let it fall limply out of her grasp. ' O Julia,' said poor Emily, in a faint, heart-sick voice, ' I am afraid she is dead. And look at her eyes, how dreadful they look.' I could keep my countenance no longer, so springing up with a wild burst of laughter, I caught the terrified girl round the waist, and waltzed round the room with her. Suddenly I felt her form grow heavy and rigid in my grasp, and with a piercing scream of agony, which vrill echo in my brain to my dying day, die unfortunate girl 6lid from ? I my arm and sunk* to the floor dead.— E. J. T. Koose. ? I 