A GHOST STORY, [ss/ WALTEIR TIIONnURnY.J Trp, little French clock in the mottled wal. nut-wood case that stood on the mantel.piece of the professor's laboratory, No. 90, Groat Decoram.street, had just chimed out mid. night in a silvery and musical way, when the professor opened his front door with a latch-key, and hurglariously entered his own house on his early return from an evening party. Now, the professor was a popular lecturer on Flood, Eleootricity, and other kindred sub jects; and being, moreover, a jovial, fat, clever little man, was rather an acquisition at Do Beauvoir Town, or any other parties; for ihe sang a little, played a little, danced a little, flirted a little, and made a fool of him self a little, yet was by no means a bore; but, on the contrary, a decidedly useful old bachelor, and would waltz with ugly girls, chat with talkative old fogies, and take gorgeous dowagers down to the supper-room. And as the professor did not caro about being joked at, but, on the contrary, rather liked it ; and, when smiled at, laughed, and twinkled, and beamed through his silvery spectacles, like a merry old glow-worm, everyone forgot his learning and celebrity, and liked the professor heartily. On the night in question the professor was in high spirits, and with some reason. Firstly, hlie had made two jokes that had set the supper-tablp in a roar, and had made the jellies shako as if they felt the cold. Secondly, he had waltzed twice with pretty Fanny Ledger, and had received a smile that gave hopes of more intimate re lationship being established some day be tweeon the houses of Ledger and Pepsine. Thirdly, a great.thought had struck him, as lie walked briskly and chirpily homo, for his celebrated "Treatise on the Mlerrythought of the Dodo," which was to be road at the tRoyal Society on the ensuing Wednesday. I do not wish to say that tlo professor had taken champagne with more people that night than lie ought, at Mrs. Fitz.Jonos' great annual party-though even that would only tend to show the largeness of the ex coellent man's benevolonce-but still I must concede that somehow or other lie was ab normally exhilarated, for lie lancel a cava lior'seul as he put Isis Gibus on the hall table, and pirouottod as lie took ol' his grey opera wrapper and shawl handkerchief, and lighted his modorator lamp at the flame of the expiring night-light. The professor was as Ibravo as most men, but lie was that night, it must 0,o confessed, a 'little' nervous. It was, at all events, owing to this slight nervous d'rangemnent, I suppose, that the professor, as he lighted isis :lamp, weont down the two stops,tat led to the kitchen stairs, and peered inquisitivoly and suspiciously into the empty darkness. ]3ut, good soul I there was nothing to selc there save one black beetle on the wall, and nothling to hear but the watchful drudging tick of the imprisoned kitchen clock below. The bells'wore all up at the shutters, andl the door-mats were duly removed, Trusty Mrss. Dawson had forgotten nothing. ' Pooh I what a"fool I am I" thought the professor, as hp turned the key of Isis labor atory door,; opening out of the hall to the right, and stopped in, Everythling was snug and, trim, the stove was ruddy, the gas lamps ,wotee just alight, and that was all; thleira little blue jets hoarding up tihe flame with .duo regard to the quarterly gas bill. How clear and bright the spirit lamp looked; ?how orystalline were the glass bowls; hlow ready to go through fire and water, the rough cruciblos; how rod the vcer. inilioned liorse-shoes of big magnets I In the exhilaration of those after-supper moments the professor felt quite a boy again. and the old boyishl delight at the sight of the chemical apparatus amne over him with its old.powor. "Of whlat use was it to go to bed I lHo was sure not to get to sleep after tha strong cofloo, Why mighI hIe not sit up for an hour and work "I' S" Worlk," But hero a dilliculty presented itself. What kIinld of work should Profes eor Pepsluo soleot 1 There wasn't tilme to go into "thei Dodo's Morrytlought," and it wauted daylighlt to oxamino " the capillary ,iroulation of the tadpole's tail." But tihe professor had a will of hIis own; hie deooided in a ismomnut ; the struggle was over; Ie would-yes, thlat was it-pursueo hIis re onearohlses on " the gastic juieoo and tlhe Ihuman digestios alppsratus." "What's thlat noise 1 Oh, only tie poliace manttrying the front door to seis if it Is pro purly bolted," The professor sits down at hIis table, which is on the door side of tihe stove, turs up the gas (up it flies like a willing spirit), and sits down to work for an hour at hIis lecture on the gastrio juioce, But fll'?t hoe gos (I should mention) to a sids tabloe at, tihe fartlomst and of thiorooi Ioyond tlse stovo, to.soo that that misiohiuvens girl of Msrs. DaIwson's Iasn't hoon touolhing the tlsormooloctrical ilsstrumlneit. No, the wirus naro right "But I t;hinli sher has hoon nsov. ing thie skolh6on of thln PolisIs soldier that thie doctor koeps for Isis asotolnialh lhooiros, elso why is one of tle sktoluton's logs thrust eut hoforo the other;, as If our I sony fr'ieid ivith the vacant eyes, and the .ussaian hilhlit ir Ilis skulll, had boon prols!eadlihlg the ih. oratory in his ssasnt;'"s abseisooif Wi th a " iltt-ilt" of lpanthnce thlu dtoc'or putsl thie sheolotsn inilo ls sight phice ih the t e orllos', and makes as lie does it quite a castanet clatter with the loose leg-bones ; at last it is right, hanging by the usual ring, safe on its gibbet-likeoframe, dry, brown, and ghastly as Now the professor settles down at last seriously to work. 1eo carefully culls the best pen in his quiver and nibs it, Hee takes off' the gutta-percha band that encircles his roll of lecture mhnuscripts, and he unscrews the top of his ink-stand. Ye gods of medi cine I be propitious, for the professor has mounted the tripod-I moan lhe has just seated himself with a plop on his red-mo rocco-leather.covered library chair. Now, lie flattens the paper oratorically with the back of his hand, and with a slightly pom polus himn I savouring somewhat of the British Institution, and with a slight hiccup, begins to read his preliminary " resume" of the neot results of stomachic digestion : " 1. The food is churned, ground, triturated, miacerated, disentegratod, and liquilied. Hero the professor stopped, and seriously reflected whether those three last oyster patties that followed instead of preceding the liberal helping of M1rs. Fitz.-Jones' blano-mango, were not rather injudicious. " 2. The fats, liberated from their cellular envelope, have bucomo oils." "I shall suffer for this to-morrow," thought the gay professor. "3. The sugars have not much altered, for they are crystalline bodies ; but the cano sugars have turned to grape-sugars, and per haps a proportion of tlhom have turned to lactic, or mille-acid." "I shall havo a headache to-morrow," said the professor's stomachic conscioence, quite indifflerent to the lecture on thogastric juice. ",1. The vegetable matters have been divided and madle pulpy." Hero the professor lighted a cheroot, " 5. The albuminous mattoers have boon macerated (how the gas flickers 1)-the wholo has become a pulp." " Excellent I" said the good little cman, rubbing his plump little hands--" excel lently condensed, though.I say it. Such should popular science be, and would that such it were I I shall then perform-i my extraordinary and expensive experimoents of artificial digestion. Taking a -- Halloa I what's thant noise 7 1'm rather nervous to night-taking, I say, the stomach of a newly-killed shoep, carefully cleaned and sceated, I shall desire my attendant to place into it, bit by bit, an exceollent dinner : tur tle soup, salmon, salad, a slice of venison, vegetables, beer, wine, salt, catchup, broad, pastry, and finally cheese. I shall then pour in two tabl.-spoonsful of my artificial gastrie juice, and submit the whole to a gentl heat, showing by an electric light which will penetrate the tissues or tie bag, the rapid solvomcy of the whole into one colourloss pulp or chylo,. This lecture will loead to tremendous discussions in the papers." (Tro ni CONTINUED,) 