CHAPTER XXXIV. " Gono ?" cried Nick, with a sick feeling in Iiíb heart. " An hour ago. Oh, but are you the real Mr. Johnson ?" "I am," answered Nick. "For Heaven's sake tell me who Ethel went with. Hore is her letter to me." The little woman wrung her hands and sobbod. " I've been afraid something was wrong ever since bo came. Oh dear ! oh, dear !" " He ? Did she go away with a man ? How could she-? Tell mo what he looked like." " . "It was a woman, sir, she went with. Poor child ! And wasn't she your mother at all?" " My mother ? Dead these twenty years.' " But come," said Nick, with forced calmness, " tell me about it from the beginning. Perhaps Lean find her yet." , ' " Oh, maybe you can, sir ; she said you could do anything. Poor child!" " I ean't seem to save her," thought Nick bitterly. Thon aloud : "Tell me everything please." " Shall I begin with how she came to me ?" "Not now. You can tell me that afterward. She said in her note that you had been good to her." * " Did she ? Well how could anybody help it, she is so sweet and so good. What eruel creatures thoy must be who could harm any one like that dear child !" The good soul wiped her eyes and went on ". " But there-I'll tell you the best I can. It all so confusing, though, to come into my prosy life. " When we first got her bomâ here-it must have been about ten o'clock then ; but I'm not sure she was just worn out. " We soothed her and made her an egg-nog, and got her to Ho down, and I guess she slept a little. "Anyhow she sprang up about midnight-I always stay up late-and said she must write a letter to the only friend she said she had. " She seemed full of hope, and was even gay. I She said she was going to write to Mr. Johnson, who was beBt and the bravest man living, who could protect her against ten times all her enemies. " She wrote the letter, and Hannah, there, pnt it | in the post-box right away, so that you should get Íget it early this morning. "Then Ethel went to bed, and I told her she mustn't get np till I called her ; and I promised her inot to let anybody see her except Mr. Johnson. j "Well, this morning, a nice-looking middle-aged j lady came np and rang the bell, and naked for -Miss J I Sthfc Waldroa. I " She looked like a good woman, but I don't know, so I said : " ' How do you know Miss Waldron is here ?' " ' Oh !' she said, ' I know he told me she wrs.' " But I wouldn't give in yet. I know I couldn't be ton cautious, «o I said : " ' Who told yon f ' " ' Why he did. I'm his mother,' Bho said im- patiently. " Well, I wasn't satisfied yet, so I insisted upon an answer. " ' Whose mother ? Mr. Johnson's ?' I asked." Nick could not repress a groan at such simpli- city. " She said, ' Certainly Mr. Johnson's.' ".What's his business?' said I, to make real sure. " ' A detective, of course ? ' " she said. " So what could I do ? She knew your name and business, and I let her go up to Ethel's room for Ethel had had her breakfast and was waiting for yon. " Then in a little while they both came down stairs, and Ethel was dressed to go out. " She kissed me and cried, and said she would come and sao me soon ; and that she must hurry away now, for Mr. Johnson was very ill from a hurt he had got defending her. " Well, after sho was gono I began to feel uneasy somehow, and wondered if I had done just right by letting her go. " And while I was wondering, there came a young man, and rang the bell, and asked for Miss Waldron. " Then it came over me all of a sudden that the woman had been deceiving us, and that this waa Mr. Johnson, so I asked him, and ho said yes. " Of course, I told him all about it, and he asked mo lots of questions. " And when I was all through ho swore, and said I was an old fool, and then went away. " I was pretty sure after that, that he couldn't be the real Mr. Johnson, for I don't think you would bo so rude, would you ? "Now, you come along and say yo» are Mr. Johnson and show me Ethel's letter. "I believe you. But how could they bo so wicked as to deceive me like that ?" " They are wicked enough to do anything," said Nick, sadly. " Can you describe the woman to me?" Kind-hearted, simple, little Mrs. Ross had not, as must be evident, very strong perceptive facilities, and she gave a very incoherent desciiution of the woman with whom Ethel had gone. Still it was good enough to finable Nick to guess that Mrs. Gilbert was the parson. Who then waa the man ? Mrs. Rosa described him too. The description, however, was so unlike anybody Nick knew that he could only form a suspicion that it might be Mansfield in disguise. It seemed worth while now to learn how Ethel found shelter with Mrs. Ross, as he might learn something from that of how tho sconndrolly crew found out where she was. "Tell me, now, please," he said, "how Ethel came under your protection ?" " Why, it was singular enough. Hannah and I and some of the church people were coming along home from prayer meeting, and just as we were passing by the high wall along the south side of the place they call the haunted house, somebody it turned out te be Ethel-came staggering out of the deep ditch there, and right toward us. " I did for a moment think of ghosts. But Ethel suddenly saw us, and crying," Save mo ! save me !' ran right into me. " Some of the men declared they saw heads rise up out of the ditch, but though they searched they could not find anybody, and Ethel was too confused to tell anything then. "And afterward, in telling mo about it, she could not remember how she got there; for she had been stupifiod with chloroform, and had revived but a few minutes before she found us." Jt was clear, enough now to Nick. As soon as the plotters saw that Ethel was in safe hands they had seat Dave to see where she was taken. Probably Dave had not only seen Ethel go into Mrs. Ross' house, but had then set about making inquiries about that good lady. No doubt the result of the inquiries was to con- vince the plotters that it would not be difficult to entrap Ethel into leaving there. He was then led off by Gilbert so as to allow the others freedom to work. The only thing that was obscure to him was the reason for having both Mrs Gilbert and Mansfield supposing the man to have been he-go to th e house for Ethel. The man was angry, according to Mrs. Ross, and j disappointed. If the man were Mansfield, might it not be that the woman Gilbert was planning a counterplot of her own ? Nick hoped it might be so, for that would, at least, insure Ethel's safety. All these reflections were not confided to Mrs. Ross, of course, but passed rapidly through Nick's mind as he sat in the cozy, old-fashioned parlor. Satisfied that he had learned all he could from Mrs. Ross, Nick thanked her, promised to tell her as Boon as he found Ethel, and hurried off. He went down town again as quiokly as possible, and going straight to Mrs. Gilbert's house rang the bell. There was no responso and he rang again and again. " I'm like a pestilence to these people," said Nick to himself. " Wherever I go they leave. I wonder how many more places they have." He went next door, and inquired if Mrs. Gilbert had moved. " I'm sura I don't know," said tho woman, indif- ferently and rather shortly. " Oh," said Nick, " I'm sorry I troubled you. I rang the bell and couldn't get in. I thought maybe you'd know, living next door." " I havn't time to look after my neighbours. I'll ask one of my servants ; they have more time than I have." " I don't believe they waste much time when your Bharp eye ïb on them," thought Nick. But he said no such thing, and looked as grateful as he could for her offer. The servants, however, only knew that they had not seen anything moved out, and that they had seen Mrs. Gilbert's girl that morning early. They thought the folks were all out, that was all. 