AN UNFORTUNATE BLUNDER. Captain Freelances return to Raveng- croft was quite an event in that little Doltshire village. Tbe captain wag the nephew of Squire Fairfax, of Rivenscrof t Hall. The early death of both bis parents had left his uncle bis guardian, and it mast b9 confessed that tho behaviour of the young man did not make that office a sinecure. In fact both before and after be entered the army young Freelance was as dissipated and reckless a boy as one could well imagine. Squire Fairfax could prophesy no very brilliant future for him, and was rejoiced when his coming of age released him from the palnfnl duties of guardian ship. Soon after he ettained majority, yonng Freelance's regiment was ordered abroad, and, it was now after five years' service in India that the scapegrace re turned for a time to his uncle's roof. One can guess with what feelings Sqaire Fairfax awaited his nephew's arrival. What sort of a man had the dissipated boy turned out! Was he vmm cr iiuau ever, or naa oe Become, as wild boys often do, an unusaally steady and sober man? Would become back aged and broken at twenty-seven, ori young, strong, and handsome as he should be ? The accounts of bis behaviour in India which readied Sqnire Fairfax's ears assisted him nothing in hying to answer these questions. Some had des cribed him as a warning to young men, others as a model. When, then, Captain Freelance was nshered into the stndy where Squire Fairfax and his only child Emma were awaiting his arrival, it was with ill-con cealed anxiety that . the former rose to meet his guest. But in a moment his anxiety disappeared. Captain Freelance was no longer the worn -dissipated -youth his uncle had remembered him. As he stood there, tali and erect, with his broad shoulders, resolute face, and gallant bearing, the Squire thought him the very beau-tdeal of a soldier ; there was not a trace in face or manner of de bauched habits or an abandoned life. If bis nephew's reformation brought joy to Squire Fairfax, there was another person in tbe village to whom it was extremely nDwelcome. Strange to say, he who regretted the young man's desertion of evil ways was the rector of the parish. The Rev. Dr. Blair, for reasons of his own, did not re joice over the return of the prodigal npnhflW 17a t«V in V I- ftia MKnaikla Ja — -J.UV -» uun tu IU sue PJQOIUIU UO feat and confusion of all the plans and hopes of his life. Dr. Blur had an only son who had not long returned from the university, where he had distinguished himself He was as unlike hie dark- browed, bitter, energetic father as possible. Pale and fair, with a delicate, girlish face and a quiet, gentle manner, George Blair was tbe delight and darling of all the ladies, old and young for miles around. He was in every way worthy of their esteem. His father had made him his curate, and the thoroughness with which he per formed his duties, and the kindnesB and thoughtfolne8s he displayed in dealing with tbe parish poor, won for him respect and admiration from severer critics than hie female friends. Dr. Blair loved his son with a warmth and tenderness surprising in a man so cold and stern as he. Perhaps this affection was the one eoft spot usually to be found in the hardest natures, or per haps it was a survival from a better self. It was said that he saw in the boy's delicate face and gentle manner a reflex and reproduction of the wife whom the rector in his youth had loved with an exceeding passion, and whose early death had darkened and embittered his life. For his son, the doctor was ambitions. While George was still a boy, his father had planned a bright future for htm, and every step he afterwards took was adopt ed with due regard for that plan. The lad was to go to the university; from it he was to return to Ravenscroft; there be would be his father's enrate, and, in proper time, wonld become the husband of the heirsss of Squire Fairfax, and suc ceed alike to Baveascroft estate and Ravenscroft living. -That -George -was scarcely a fit mate for Miss Emma Fair fax, and that the Sqnire might suggest tbe governess, little Miss Ivyleaf, as a more suitable partner for him, never entered the doctor's head. Hit had, he would probably have scouted it as absurd. In his estimation, no woman and no future were too good for his handsome, clever boy. All went well for a long time-. George Blair went to Oxford, and took' there a good degree. Daring his course, he spent his vacations at Ravenscroft, and was a constant guest at the Hall, where he was a great favourite with the Sqaire and a greater with Emma When he became hiB father's enrate, tbe interest and esteem with which he was regarded at the Hall did not. diminish, He was there evety day, and , spent much of- his time tn giving Emma lessons, and .in walking with her and her youthful 'gover ness, Miss Ivyleaf. Everything eeemed prospering and the rector was only wait ing till Emma attained her nineteenth year in order to come to an understand ing with the Sqnire, wbenthe approach ing arrival of Captain .Freelance was announced. For the first time, a fear muinwn tft Tlv DlatV f?l af offoi fill, fllfl plans might not woik ont as harmoni ously as he had expected. His alarm was justified. No sooner had Captain Freelancearrived, than he showed symptoms -of being attracted by . his pretty littie cousin. To the doctor's confusion, Emma showed still stronger symptoms of being attractedby him. She began to neglect George's lessons, and he frequently found himself left to take his walks with Mine Ivyleaf alona Emma and her cousin seemed to |>e always together, -and his military stories, j ovial chat, and hearty langh hadan ab sorbing charm for her. Indeed, -in the matter of -wooing, the pale young curate was a poor match for the dashing soldier. When the latter enterod into the race for Emma's band, George'e start counted for Kttla -r - _ . As Captain Freedance'ssuixheMme the more obvious .and jimnnced; GeorjgB i Blair gradually withdrewdrbm-rthe con test. It was in. vain that his fother vehemently urged him' on,aad demanded from faim, inhisfierceway, ifheintended to give opvso esayy hM"greatert ?hance of fortune. The youngifelfow -was not to be . quiet manner becatee Eifodned Until- it was rpryeYhs:grew1tilD:4s babitaandmelancholy. Heseldomwent sear was i "» in Ewnnfo, but in Miss Ivylears j company that he passed hia vieit At last the long-expected announce ment was made Captain Freelance and Miss Emma Fairfax were engaged to be married. It eeeUxed to come upon George, not .as a blow, but rather as a rejief. For ft little fcinie he appeared to regain his spirits. He tried even to win back his father's confidence — for his want of courage had created a marked coldness between them— but the doctor, enraged at the failure of hit plans, repulsed him. The young curate theD, after a feeble , straggle, fell back into his previous de pression. He went about his dories melancholy and miserable; and be avoid ed his stern father, whom he seemed to regard with tenor and apprehension. It was a week or two after the engage ment was announced that George Blair went one Sunday evening into his father's pulpit to preach. As he ascended the stairs, even in the dim evening light, several of the congregation noticed that he was ghastly pale, and that he seemed to totter in his gait. He bad jnst given out the text, when he was seen to grasp the cushion before him, as if to steady himself. He stood thus in silence for a moment; then, with a gasp, he reeled back against the stone column behind him and sank down senseless. The wildest confusion prevailed in the church. The men sprang excitedly to their feet and stood staring, ascertain what to do ; the women all Bcreamed, and not a few fainted. Emma was one of the latter, while Miss Ivyleaf, worst of all, went into a fit, and had to be carried from the church. Dr. Blair and Captain Freelance were the only persons who preserved their presence of mind. Without a moment's hesitation they har ried to the pnlpit, and, lifting the nncon- scions man, bore him to the vestry, where they endeavoured to revive him. Find ing their efforts useless, they sent for the doctor. When he arrived, to the general horror he pronounced life extinct. At the Inquest which followed, the doctor assigned disease of the heart as the cause of George Bier's death j bat he did not seem over-confident in his opinion. He said tbe heart was un doubtedly unhealthy, but scarcely in so diseased a condition as be should have expected. His chief reason apparently for giving it as the cause of death was his inability to discover any other. The jurors, however, were satisfied, and returned a verdict iu accordance with VU.C lUCUlUfil «ViUBUUti, The curate's decease wrought changeB both in the village and at the Hall. Dr. Blair's sorrow was for a time overwhelm ing. He shut himself up, and, refusing to see any one, abandoned himself to his grief When at length he emerged from his secinsioo, he was bitterer and sterner than ever, and iess inclined to mix with his fellow men. Nothing could induce him to visit at the HalL He openly stated that the true cause of his sou's death was Emma's heartless desertion of him ; and that he believed this, the hatred with which be regarded her and her accepted lover was proof The whole place — village. Hall, and conntiy— had become abhorrent to bim, and he resolved at the first opportunity to leave it for ever. It was to London that he hoped to go. Amid its crowds and excitement he trusted to get rid of part of his sorrow. At the Hail the chief change wrought by George's death was the departure of the yonng governess, who had become Emma's companion — Miss Ivyleaf The fit his dramatic death had brought upon her proved a very serious affair. She kept her bed for a week, and when ehe left it . she was as pale and fleshlese as a ghost. After a time, as shesbowed no signs of improvement; the doctor suggested a change of sir. Sqaire Fair fax, who had come to regard her almost ; as a daughter, offered to supply what ever money was necessary for as long a stay as needful at any place the doctor should select, and insisted -that on her recoveiy she must return to Emma ; but the yonng lady declined - bis kind offer. She had, she said, as much money as she required, and that, if she recovered, she hoped .ihatshe would see foem all again; but that she could never again bebappy at Ravenscroft. It was all that Emma could do to extract from hera promise to write to them, and this jxprnise was not kept. A' letter or' two came to them from Torquay, and then they ceased. And when,. a week or eo afterwards, the Squire went there. '. to find out the muse of their cessation, he discovered, tohis surprise, that onthe day her last letter was posted, Miss Ivyleaf had. sterted for London. \- More "than a year had 'elapsed before Dr. Blair got the transfer he so earnestly desired. Then he was -fortunate enough to . effect ad exchange wi& a City . clergy man. "The duties of the new cine were not -heavy, nor was the income,' bnt Dr. .Blair was . satisfied wiih both. The energy which he had once displayed in -the: -management of his great: Ravens croft parish, had for the time being, dis appeared ; and' 'the desire - for wealth, strong enough while his son lived, bad, died wiih him. He wished only for rest and change, and Ms tpnafer to -London gave him both. But Dr. Blalr was not tbe man to remain idle long. When his sorrow began to presslaas heavily upon him, jbls old energy came back. Living as he was in the centre of the world, feeling the heart's throb of every great hope, and great movement among men, he could., not- long remaina mere observer. He became interested, and from being Interestea fae befcame active. He threw himself into movements winch won his sympathy, and worked for them with tbe resolution, ability, and resource that had always characterised him.,. He soon nuidh Mmtelf "a poker in the Metropolis — a power ho be reckoned witb'by-every one who sought the suffrage or favours of thepeople. Daring the half-dozen or more yeses Dr. Blair was engaged winning this power and position, thiagsbad advanced at Ravenscroft. Captain Freelance and Bams had married, Md a yr ' br jwo after. their marriage the Sqnire jhaddied. The Captain, now wealthy by the union ofhiswife's fortune .with frw.ojro, hM, abandoned the army, «fl taking house foto&.fcribhgim to look to Pamament for htge|iononia. . ;I£e mmrocea foi ifpisgieob ypolitioal devdbp piffltaeal bpWops. flUMUrig Awt»a a janSflen interest t'aamiGmt of their wrongend 'gSraW»ces,e -«»n waxed popular, too. His fine, manly wtanceMB 1 — iSSf'ASBite. llSi style of speaking, made hi in a- favourite i at every public meeting he attended. It was to be expected, tben, that little time would elapse before some consti tuency should ask him to become a candidate. It so happened that several asked him, and the one he chose was in the metropolis, and in a district where Dr. Blair had won mora than his ordinary influence. While canvassing the constituency in the expectation of the early retire ment of the sitting member — -who bad been promised the next commissiouer- ship in lunacy by the Government — Captain Freelance one night made his way into a meeting where Dr. Blair was expounding his views on some question or other to a large- audience. Tbe Captain had heard of Dr. Blair's in fluence, and was eager to win it for him self So the moment the Doctor had finished his address, Captain Freelauce, poshing his way to him, held ont his hand in hiB genial manner, and con gratulated his old friend on his able speech. Dr. Blair onlv then saw the Captsln. Drawing himself back, he glared at him with a tiger's look, and then, withont uttering a word, tnrned his back npon him and his proffered hand. With a flush of anger and dis appointment on his face. Captain Free lance withdrew from the hall. He saw that if the Doctor's sorrow for his son's death had abated, his hatred of the man through whom - he believed it came about, had not. He felt that he mnst count on finding in the cleigyman his bitterest and most able opponent. But Captain Freelance was not the man to give up a doubtful battle. He knew that Dr. Blair possessed enormous influence in his constituency, but he resolved to defy it With an admirable conrage and resolve he set about the task of winning the people's confidence. Meeting after meeting he addressed, house after house be visited, nntil be was known to all, and he himBeif knew nearly all the electors in the place. Dr. Blair worked bitterly and persistently against him ; he spared no effort to injure him ; and yet, in spite of all his exer tions, he was enraged and mortified to find the candidate gain in popular favour every day. The clergyman's exasperation and chagrin were extreme, but he re solved in his determined, relentless way that before long, in some way or other, he wonld have an ample revenge. Among other things, Dr. BTaTr was a memoer or tne acaool Board, tie took a deep interest in education, and was stern and inflexible in his enforcement of the education law. In this direction his severity often brought him into con flict with. popular feeling, and no greater proof of his ability and energy could be given than that, in sp ta of this, his influence remained aush'aken and nnim- paired. It was soon after the passing of the new inquisitorial rules as to the ex amination of parents unable to pay school-fees, that Dr. Blair was presiding at a meeting of school-managers to examine parents. Two or three wretched persons had appeared, and stated the reasons why they conld not pay. They had been all severely cross-examined by Dr. Blair. The next to appear was a miserable, poorly-clad, yet still ladylike looking woman. The moment Dr. Blair's eyes fell npon her, he started with sur prise, and it was a little time before he conld compose Mmself sufficiently to begin to question her. She seemed amazed, and terribly' unnerved by the sight of bim. 'Well, Mrs. Leaf,' he began, 'you want exemption for yon boy, George, aged aine years V 4 Yes, sir,' she gasped out with a shadder. ' Where's the father ?' Mrs. Leaf flashed crimson for a mo ment Then, hesitatingly, she mattered — ' Dead !' 'Do not try to deceive me,' in his severest tone. ' Your boy's fother is not dead. I know you, and I know him. He can be compelled to support hie child, and as long as you refuse to take measures . to compel ,him to do so, we must and will refuse to permit the boy to be schooled at the expense of decent people.' Mrs. Leaft who had been pale and disconcerted from the moment ehe saw j Dr. Blair, grew paler while she was being questioned. She listened to Dr. ! Blair's severe speech in a dazsd way,! with downcast face. When he had finished, Bhe took a step to leave the' room. But the shock had been to great' for her. Before she could reach the doori ehe sank down on the floor feinting. : All along the other gentlemen present j had been discontented with Dr. Blair's , severity. Some of them had muttered' their dissent from his decisions iu pre- vions cases ; bnt they were afraid to j state boldly what they thought : the clergyman' was such s terrible antagonist when -he was crossed. His conduct, however, towards Mrs. Leaf drove them to desperation, and made them reckless. They revolted against bim in a body. 'That is too bad F cried one. 4 I .-should say it is"!' said another, I think it Uttle short of -downright cruelty.' ' I'll stand it no more 1' exclaimed a1 third. 4 I'm — I'm blessed if I will ! I don't care who it is f Dr. Blair felt himself that he had' gone a little too far, but he was too' astute to admit this. Without ottering .a word, faew glanced - round .the managers. They "became silent .beneath .the look, of his fierce blackeyes. Then he deigned to speak. Gentlemen, before yon judge me,' he said, yoa might, perhaps, hear what I have to say. I know that woman. Bhe ttsed to be Mrs. Freelance's governess.' \- The managers glibcbd st one another, a Uttle surprised. One of tham, how ever, 'a. Mr, "Farther, who waB one of Captain Freelance's committee, feeling that something derogatory to Ids candi date was intended.asked, ' Well, and -what 'hi that 1' " ' What , of that 1' exclaimed Dr. Blair, foqgeiting discretion iohia riexnitation. Why, tUs : that woman is |ub victim ! Dsten, gentlemen ; jnst Jen years ago Captein Freelance $ame £mm India to big uricle, Squire Fair&x;'e.TMswoman was then governess thereto/the Squire's danghtefr ' id, gwgjjjijf utejfo wife. |$igie months afterroJewyonc nonn becl.''WlMm «b« tacovBi|j| hit shel&mK;'ftAnd nothing snore was heard nit her nntil to day. Now-thabbyfo Aiheyaareold : he mnst have been ' born some months after she left Sqaire Fairfax's ; the only i yonng man about Squire Fairfax's was ! Captain Freelance. Can yon donbt the conclusion f Captain Freelance is her child's father.' The managers looked at one another. Tbe case certainly looked black. I don't believe it,' said Mr. Farther. 'Captain Freelance wonld be incapable of abandoning a girl under such circum stances to poverty.' Then get her to clear bis reputation. Get her to tell "who tbe boy's father is,' 'So I will,' said Mr. Father, dog gedly. He felt veiy shaky as to his friend's innocence ; bat then, unless the affair was cleared up, the Cap'ain's reputation was gone. If he were guilty, - the truth conld do Mm no more barm than would be done by allowing things to remain as they now were. Miss Ivyleaf by this time was, under tbe care of the porter, beginning to re cover. When she had regained her senses, she was brought back into the room, and Mr. Farther commenced to question her in a gentle tone. 'Mrs. Leaf;' he said, it is of the greatest importance that we should know the name of yonr child's falber. 'But he's dead,' murmured Miss Ivy leaf, glancing at Dr. Blair in a terrified manner. ' That doesn't matter,' said Mr. Farther. ' It is necessary we should know his name. Tell me, now, iB Captain Freelance the man 1' ' No, . no !' exclaimed Miss Ivyleaf, in apparent surprise. ' ' Don't tell as falsehoods !' broke in Dr. Blair, fiercely. 'If Captain Free lance is not the man, who is ?' ' He's dead 1 I assare yon he's dead,' said Miss Ivyleaf, imploringly. ' Dead or alive, what's his name f Who was he I' Mies Ivyleaf looked at tbe Doctor. Her terror seemed to give her a kind of courage. ' He was your sod,' she said in a low voice. ' What F shouted Dr. Blair. ' How dare you ' ' Here be is, sir,' interrnpted the porter, as he led into the room Miss Ivyleaf's ragged boy. At the sight of the lad the Doctor's angry words died away on his lips. He saw -before him the very image oE George Blur as he remembered him thirty years ago. 