ANGLICAN'SYNOD OF RIVERINA. What may be called an historical event took plac0 od Tuosday ovoning when tho first Synod of tb Anglican Diocoso of Riverina was oponed. The oven croated vory groat interost, folly 21 clerical nnd lay dologatos attonding. Tho sittingB were held in tho Masonic Hall. Tho Lord Bishop said prayer. Tho roll of mem bora was called, and tho signaturoB of lay roproson tatives to tho declaration book wan attached, aud cortificatoa of their oloction handed in. Tho Bishop then rnado hia nddross, an follows : — j.\iy jtuvuLuim jjiuuuuu miu uiuiiuiuu 01 buu j-taiuy I tondor you a hearty grooting to this, tho first Synod of tho Diocoso of Rivorinn, summonod accor ding to tho constitutions for tho m*uagomont and good government of tho Chnrch of liugland, in Now South WbIob, agrood upon by a conforonco of Bishops, Clorical, and Lay roprosontalivos in 18(30. aud ratified by tho Logislaturo of tho colony iu tho Bamo year, For clergy and laity roprosontativo to moot togothor in such a diocoso as this, of such viut oxtont, with so Bcattorod a population, so few of tho leisured claSB, and no city of such suporlutivo importance na to be a contro of attraction, coneidernblo dilllcultios have to bo mot, ami groat toils to bo ondurod by many of our number. Yot for consolidating the work of tho Church of England in tho Diocoao, and putting im portant matters upon a Bafo and good footing thoro cunnot bo too much labor bostowod, and I am glud to aeo horo tho number presont. If it is business rathor than spiritual improvomont that calls us togothor, lot us not forgot that groat iutorostsaro at stake, and tint tho bettor tho machinory tho hotter will bo tho rosnlts in tho high and holy aims of our own ancient Branch of tho Holy Catholic Church of our Lord Jesus Christ. If wo havo prayed for and dosired the guidance and control of .God's Holy Spirit lot us bo liove that our prayor and dosiro is granted, and go about ciur business in tho tono and temper which Uo bloaao?. Our roll of roprosontativos lacks somo mimes hold iu honor iu tho districts in which thoy live, which wo would fain havo soon inscribod on it; namos of men who support thoir church nobly, and would havo boon of groat assistance horo, but who from distance, noils of duty, or othor causoB, aro un avoidably omitted. Tho Quoon'a Jubiloo is, as in fit ting, boing colobratod joyfully throughout hor wide dominions. Fow of the English Sovoroigns havo oc cupied tho throno for so long a timo. Nono havosur passed her in all that wins honor, respect, aud lovo: how roal a ruler and how largoly dirocting tho affaira and policy of tho nation, h mado known to us in tho lifo of tho Princo Contort. From this and othor works brought out by Sir Thoodoro Martin wo loam how true a woman in ouch ro latiouship of life our Quoon has shown' horsolf. Her Bynipathy with suffering soomi novor to wane, reaching ovon so far as to thoso mado orphans and widows by tho disastorat tho Bulli mino. It has boon during hor roign that tho fatal lothargy that liad crept ovor tho English Church hai boen in a groat inoitKura thrown off.and 11 vitality saccocdod which has astonished hor onemios. We cannot fail to notico that it is in tho same poriod that tho Colonial Epio copato haB boon so largely iucri-asod, with a corres ponding iivronso of cliirgy, and happy renulto from their labors. Tho Bi«ho| b in tho colonies, thou b'?t 8\. are now 75. On August 12th, of tho proBent year, a century will h-ivo passocl niauo tho first colonial bishop, Dr. Churlos Inglis, was coiiKocrated for Nova Scotia. How wo, us 11 Diou(Ko, should notico the Qnoon't) Jubiloo, I thiuk wo might agroo by a rosolu tion of Synod. I hopo that wo shall cortainly make it by tho appointmont of a travelling clorical socro tary with a viow to incro-.sod finance', and porhaps organising our Sundny school system. I should gladly boo provision lnndo for incapacitated clergy, and for widows and orphans of clergy; perhaps some debts cloarod off. But most of all should I rojoico, if it woro soon practicable, by what is commonly called a mission to brine homo tho power nf tho Imly minion of j Josui Christ to hearts as yot little influoncmt by it. . 1 had tho pleasure of attoiiding thia in the spring oflastyoir with tv7o clorical ropri-iuintativos from our dioceso nloot.cd at a iviuforoiifn nl' cli-rgy, no 1 synod being thon iu oxistonco. Of tlio many im- I portant mattors fir pnrnidoriition that of reni'loring 1 tho church Bnrvieofl moro olastio, and of adding moro 1 occasional eorvieoi wai not lo:i't. important. That i foaturo of tho Church of Enghnd that whilo cleaving I to tho Citholic and primitive she accepts uocoHsary roform nhoul f load tlio authorities in Kugland to consider anil nuthnrizo auoh cha.igiia a-i oxpnrionco. . condition of things, and altorod circumitancoi domand. Tho wordini; of tho rnsolution of tlio I Gonoral Synod was a follow : — 'That this Synod is 1 of opinion that (1.) Such a chango in tho law regul- ; nling tho uto of ' I'ho Hook of Common Prayer, and I administration of tho Sucramonts and othor Kitoa aud Coromonioa of tho Church' as would allow a widor adaption to varying uoodi is groatly to bo desired. (2,) That it should bo doclarcd within tho powor of tho Ordinary to sanction tho uso of occasional Ser vice?, Prayors and Thanksgivings as circumstancoo may in his jndgmout roquiro, without boing limited to tho language of Holy Scripture and tho Book of Common Prayor. (3.) That it is dosirablo that Services of Intorcossion for Missions and for various othor spocial occasions should bo sanctioned for gon- 1 oral uao. (4.) And this Synod roipoctfully submits this oxproasion of iti opinion to tho authoritioa of tho Church of England, onrnoitly hoping that thoy may in thoir wisdom boo fit to originato early action iu this matter.' Tho proposed opening of tho do»i' for a moro oasy divorco in Now South Wales was deprecated by largo raajoritioi of both ordors. Tho ploa on which it is advoeutod lias had groator woHit, fin it appears to mo, than tho evil to bo foarod from passing tho raoasuro. The plea is a strong one, viz, tho mitigating tho Bufferings of thoso who find them soItoh unhappily married. And no doubt overy ono with any heart at all must dooply fool for such suffbrors. and must wish all alloviation possiblo, pro vidod greater ills to tho many aro not brought about by that ullovititibii to tho few. But with the ox'implo of Amorica boforo us, it doos soom unwiso tocommonco opening a door which it is hard to eloao whon ouro opouod. To alter legislation — thus- con foosing a fault— when found to bo n mistako is al most impossible. Whon ono prominent member of tho LogisUitivo Assornbly declared in tho Synod that all thoso unhappy connections aroso from drunken noiH, I fait constraiuod to point out that tho causo should bo atrackod rathor than tho offoct, and that by treating drunkonuoss as a mania, aa it often is, by establishing dipBomaniac institutions, by ondoav oring to euro tho drunkard, by enforcing laws which exist againBt adultoration & other wrongB, by romov ing somo of tho unnecessary oviln of tho driuk traffic, many of tho sufferings in married lifo would bo re morod without tho injury 10 society which is to be exported from makiug divorco moto oasier than it is. ' I coruinly do foar Rrontor ills from Sir A. Stophon's ' billjthan thoao whicli ho seeks in all kindness of heart, and with tho. highest motives in tho world, to romovo. Tho loading mittor lor considerntion wnB tho promotion of groator visiblo unity among Chris tians. The subjoct brought up with intonsooarnost- ; nous of fooling aud the force of tho loving naturo whicli characterises him, by tho Bishop of Adolaido, wa* equally warmly pressed upon tho Synod by his brother of Tasmania. The wholo dobato showod that tho suljoct was ono which was upon all hoarts. It is oncouragiugand a fact to be noticod that this dObiro has found expression not only here in Aus tralia but in othor churohos in America and Canada may wo not rogard it as ono of thoso wavos r- holy fooling and dosiro only to be accounted for through tho powor and influence of God, the Holy Ghost? Mav wo uot look upon it as a sii;n of greater conformity to tho mind of Christ ? May wo not rojoico that this - high-prioatly prayor in S'.. John xvii is finding a largor fulfilmont ? May wo not look forward ti Booing evon'jn.our own day, as wo do boo in some meaGure, a largor nnawor to tho prayor wo constantly mako that God will ' inspire continually tho universal church with the Spirit of truth, unity aud concord, and that all who confoos His holy name, may agroo in tho truth of His holy word and livo in unity andgodly lovo.' Tho desiro oxproasod in tho Synod win not for a rigid uniformity, not to draw all iuto our own com munion, but that bitternosso.'!, and animosities, and divisions being avoided, tho great essential truths in whiuh all agree boing regarded moro than tho loss important matters in which men may differ, u far largor oxhibition of tho spirit of unity might be manifest. Poraonally I yield to nono iu my attachment to tho Church of England, and valun ox ceodingly hor lines, and beliovo that she has been miraculously or providentially prosorvod for vory im portant sorvice to hor Lord, and that she will from hor standing point have a large share in promoting that reunion for which sho longs and prays, but I daro not blind my oyoa to the fact that God's favor and blosBing, if largoly grantod, aro not confinod to hor but that tho Catholic Church is oldor than auy branch, and thatsouU aro newboi'n, converted, sancti fied, undor Bacramouts and ministries other than hers; ovon tl.a mo--t unlikely — hb human wisdom would su^go^t— and I rr-joice, and over will rojoice at oach triumph of rodooming aud sanctifying love whorovor manifested. I press thia do^iro for visiblo unity, bocause I kuow that there is often much to aggravato tho spirit in littlenoss and narrow-mindoduoss Boroo ttmos oiporjonced which arises in great moaauro from financial difficulties owing to competition in Bmall communities. Kut we need to fight against tho tompattion to moot littleness with littlonosnpnd narrow-mindedness with narrow-mindednoss. If wo boliovo .ntho worth aud usefulness of our branch of the Catholic Church let us provo it by increasing its efficiency, by breadth of lovo, by unnoariod labor, and by disintorostodness ofsorvic'o: Thus best Bhall wo roenmmond the religion we profess, and tho machi nery God has put into our hands. Thus shall wo have a happy share in promoting tho visiblo unity of the Church ; wo shall not indulge much in empty taiK aDOUl. lh ; wo buiui uut uimto uiiwisu uvoi-iurc.-* toothers or foolish attompts which aro sure to fail, but pray lor this ond which iB dear to tho heart of our Lorcl, and find HiB favor, and have His blo3Bing in endeavoring to keop tho unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace. Two determinations were passed by tho Gonoral Synod, and will bo for your ratification in two ordinances, which nood uot take up much of of your timo. Tho first is an amendment of tho con stitution of tho Board of Misbions which will enable that Board to carry out its intentions moro effec tually. Tho socoud determination has the effect of pormitting Provinces tho frooduin of olocting motro politnns according to thoir own constitutions without tying them down to tho particular scheme proscribed in 1881 with rogard to provincial organization. Its groat advantage ia that Adelaide, unable to accept tho abandoned dtitsrminntion, now ac eopU tho onactmonta of tho Genoral Synod. New Guinea Mission. I must not forget to allude to tho largo mooting held at that timo in Sydney with a viow to commencing a mieaion in New Guinea. Though our offorts as a younirDiocoio must be mainly dircctod towards supplying the absolute necoBsitios of onr own population, I am, and havo boon long ago convinced, tint sulfiahness is no saccess in roligious matters, nor any part of Christianity, and that our own good will bo in proportion to our aims for other'^ good. I therefore hopo that our Diocoso will bo able to do something for tho oxtoiiiion of Christianity. Tho authorities of tho Board of Missions have takon counool with thoso Christian bodioa which aro work ing iu Now Guinea, and loarn from thorn that thero is amplo room for the Church of England to commence work in regions yot untouched by Ohristianity. I ro coiyed earlier in thoyear tho following lottor from tho Primate : — Sydney, January 21st, 1887. My dear L';rd Bishop, Tho Executive Council of tho Board of Missions, ill purauauco of tho directions givon by tho Gouoral Synod at its late session, havo been engaged in con sideration of tho moanB roquiaito for the ostablish mont of tbo proposed mission iu New Guiuoa, undor tho direction of tho Lord Bishop of North Quoons land, Thoy find that, in order to give it a fair start, a sum of not loss than .£2000 a year will bo roquirod. Towards this sum a grant of i'300 a year lias boon promised by tho socioty for tho propogation of tlio Goapol, and application is now boing mado for aid to tho Church Missionary Society. But it is felt by tho Council that the Mission muBt rely mainly for its sup port upon the Church iu Australia and Tasmania, undor tho auspices of which it is boing curriod out. Tho Council, thorofore, boij to bring tho Bubjoct be fore tho Diocesan Committoos, and pray thorn to col lect funds for this moat important purpose. They will be happy, if desired, to rocoivo such fundn, and transmit them to the Bishop of North Queensland in the nainocl tho various Commit tuoa. I havo mysolf urged th« committoo for the Diocoao of Sydnoy to contribute if possible, a Bum of £500 a yoar for that, purpose. If this appoal bo adoqnatoly roipondod to, nnd if corresponding rosnlts lire ob tained from tho ot'ior dioeosos tho sum required will booaaily raisod, und tho work speedily bogun. It seems to concsru Ihoduty, and ovon tho honor, of the Australian Church, that tho resolution of tho Genoral Synod should bo ao euorneticrtlly curriod out, as to bo fruitful, undor God'a blossing, for tho ad vancement of His glory and thw snlmtion of tho hoathon. A great opportunity i» cortainly oponod to uo, which caiiuot bo lost without grave responsibility. Tho Council, thuioforo, vouture to hopo from 11 prompt and liberal ronpouso to this appoal; and thoy hoi; to lay tfin communication boforo your Lordship, praying you to submit it to your Diocesan Oommittoo, or, should no 'uch committoo exist, to any Missionary organisation in your Diocose, which may have your sanction. — I am, my dear Lord Bishop, your faithful brothor in Christ, Alimied Sydney. (Chairman o! the Executive Council). I uak your ndricoas to tho reply I am to make to tho lViriMlu's loltt.r, iin'l expocttfmtit will Icid ii.) to form , ii committee iuwmncution with tho I3)ird of Missions, j Tub Nuw Bishop nv McluuUk.si;. ! Having iw.civoil an hi7it.1ti.1n from tho j administration of tho Di icoao of Molnourno to join in thu ? wolcorao to. bo giron to him, not only by that Dioeoso, but by the Oliurch of Eng land in AiiHtralia, romomboring tho courtoous wel come cxtoiido4 to mysolf by tho lato Bishop' and a Urgo numbor of hid clor^y at Ohrijt Church, South Y'irra. a littlo or or two years ago on my arrival in Victoria, nnd itivorina boing' only Bopiratod from that Diocoie by tho Jlurray from no.ir lUbury to boyond Eohuoa. I fait bound to accept tho invitation, 'byon lliouih tho affairs of this 'SyuuJ so noiir at hand, do mancled close attention, in ordor.that I might express your good will and sympathy, as woll aa ray own;tp tho Bishop on commdneing tho opiscopnto in so im portant ?! Diocoso m Molbonrno. I am most thankful to havo mado tho porsoiinl.acquniatahco of-ono \vhoao high reputation as a faithful, diligent and practical pariah priojt I had known, and »!iojo friend* of some hid boon ray frionds. Hia friendship I shall ' ovor value highly,. And I hopo that if— as I trust may bo tho caao'oro long — railway communication 13 mado betwoon Dani liquin and Hay, ho will be 'easily porsumlod to pay this Dio.iojo a v'nit and bonoflt us b'y'hii. 'presence. ii'od' godly c-uiho1s. Metbouruo is to bo congratulated upon his appointment. Tho Mother Church has again givon ono of hor beitiindtrueit sons, ifBho has takon back from hor daughter 0110 of Anatolia's brightoals lights : a man of God, ondowoil with strung common' Bonso, whole hoartod in tho work of God'*' Church,.; with bright, uativo humor, the good foundation laid by hispredocs.isors will rocoivo a Suing. Biporstrueturo. Nnir South \Valbs. ' . '. - Turning to the colony in which wo livo, it is to bo noticod that tho population Inn no* paBsod tho million. Tho oldoat child is tho ilargoH. If wo'iico. romindod of 0110 anot.hor, w'o'aro rdmiudodulsp of our smallness ; our total population is otill loss thin that of some cities in tho old country. Yot are tho progro^s,' ndvanco of roligion and civilization, advan tages onjovod, tho ontorpriso, tho industry, nitohish ing! Not. to' go further than Hay itsolf, howromark nblo that where in' tho raomory of iirnn was/but^ a public hoiiso and blacksmith's forgo, is now 11 thriv ing community, its. stroot's troo plantod ond lllum iuatod with gas, watorworks supplying oach (juartor of tho town, railway and tolograuhic communication, two dolivorioa of lottors iu.tho day,,- fruqnout arrivals of miil- oxcollont schools, a hospital gopdos far as ,t goos, four banks, and abundant mean's; of graco in connoxion with the various religious bodies. Hay ing arrived in tho mutat of a' sovere drought, ffhon for upwards of 100 miles tho plainB through win :h the railway pisso* woro abaolutoly dostitiito of hor bago, and -with nothing of vorduro to rolioso tho oyo, it 900ms nothing short of a miracld that thoio same plains have no vv a brilliant carpot of ohiorald groon Wo may well hopo that tho depression in tra'lo, agriculturo and pastoral pursuits will yiold to activity and prosperity, and that many. n conn tonanco will again brighton. The lojsoua taught by tljoio drou™htd which soom to como raoro or lois period ically aro not fow or trifling. Joseph's action in U10 rtovon yoari plotity in Egypfmight bo iraitatod, moro uso might bo made of tho plentiful waters allo'wod co empty thomjolvos into tho son, and lo s dopondouco bo placed on ' uncortaiu richoa with 11 grnator value, sot upon tho solid bonofits of our holy roljgion. ; Statistics. : Whon I arrivol at Hay for my instal lation in March, 1885, tho're woro but six clergy in tho Diocoso. viz: at Corowa, Deniliquin, Hay, Hills ton, Narraiidora and W11r.111go.ja, of whom tivo have sinco rosignod their po?t9, and ono effectod an exchange with a Victorian clergyman. Sinco then clergy havo boon locatod at Balritnald, Ooolaman, Moama, Silvorton, Urana, and Wontworth ; two gontlemon from Englund, Booking health in our salubrious climato rqndor valuablo asssUtaaco accord ing to thoir powors'at Doniliquin and Narraudora. Two Doacons holp in tho work in the vast districts miniatorod to and from Balranald and Corowa ; our Btaffof lieonaod cloray amount3 to 14. In addition to this, eoanidorabliTtracta of tho Diocose are or havo boonattonded toby thoclorgy at Albury, Gormautbn, Wagga, Junoo, Tomora, Condobolin, and Wilcannia, in tho Diocoao of Bathurstand Goulbiirn. Of'suoh wo wolcomo among us to-day as a valuablo co-adjutor tho Vonorablo Archdeacon Eovynall Now Churches havo boon oroctod at Silverton j(of stono) and at Urana (of brick), and are in ubo for. Divino worohjp. A wooden bnilding is in uso n't Broken Hill, At Silverton too, a portion of a paraonago (of stono)1 has boon built, to bo complotod aa ' circum3ta_ncoa nlioir. I am not nblo to give interesting statistics .1; had hopod to givi.1, owing to the rotu«n from parisljoi not boing comploto. I may say that the returns aakod for havo a conaidorablo value, 'and tho questious asked havo, 113 I h-wo found mysolf whon n parish priest iu England, an educational power, -both sug gesting improvements, nnd tho supply of a misaion aud also onabling tho bishop to' mako hjs1 tour of visitation in tho parishes tho moro _ uBoful in diroction, both matorial and ; spiritual. O.UR Seeds. aro groat. Tho Diocese commences with noxt to no funds for Diocossan purposoB j ;it .will, bo ono of tho groat dutioa of tho now ?Diocossiin Council to doviBO means to raiso money.: Tho'o is nothing for tho support of any Diocessan official . : wo need tho stipond of a clorjcal organizing ' secretary ; we uood funds for establishing uow parishos, for oncouraging localitieH in building paraonagos and churches, in educating at Sydnoy or '..Melbourne promising ctndidatos for the Ministry, in making somo provision for clorgy; whon incapacitated, and. for thoir widows and orphans, if any be unhappily thus circumstanced. The difficulties about finance, are aro naturally groat in such a Diocoso as this, whoro thoro aro no largo coutros of population, whoro tho pooplo aro widely Bcattorod, and whoro a conaidorablo numbor of property owners and holders' aro absontoos or companies, in addition to tho fact that many: havo boon, aud will bo yet, struggling with difficulties owing to droughts, rabbits, altored laud laws, and low prico of wool. All these facts, however, will I trust command tho sympathy of more, 'who havo this world's goods.' and induce all membors of tho Church of England, to join in doing thoir part to pre vont any work that should bo done, boing leftuudono, for want of fuads, which could be supplied. Somo good friondB tho Diocoao has had, and has. still, the lato Hon. John Campboll, M. L. C. whoso beneficent gift formod tho nost ogg of tho stipoud for a bishop, Messrs. Loarraontb, who through Mr Goorgo Mair, contribute annually £200 for tho Diocoso ; and I am conildont that if only our work i3 truo and good, and honest, and bonoficial, others will find it in thoi'hearts to lighton tbo burdous and auxioty of those who work, an unselfish work, a solf-donyinir work. It is a work indoed to travorao thoso cndloss plains of gloomy mouotouy. at ouo timo in burning boat, at another in' in tho bowildoring thickuous of tho blinding dust storm, at another in tho withering cold of tho wind, unbrokon by any sholtor, with tho uocessity of arriving fresh for a service aftor the joarnoy. Yot iB tho heart chosred by tho remembrance that tho moason gorgooB not merely of his own accord, though of his froo-will, but authorized, sent, not to gain a livelihood — if tho Biblo rulo bo that ho that preachoa tho gospel shall livo by the gospol — but goos to bring peaeo and calm to tho anxious, tho knowledge of pardon to tho ainnor, comfort to tho Bad, light to thoao in darkness, tlio^rorooving of burdens from the hoavily laden. This is our joy in tho midst of our work, much of it painful in itsolf. Wo may woll boliovo that God will bloss it, and others will recognise its characters, and feel that to uphold thoir church's work, and aid its extousion is to m:iko a uho of money about which there will be no rogra:i- but doep satisfaction in tho lonn agos of otornity. — Sunday Sociotios of the Church of England : I havo, my rovorond brotbron, iu my question iouuod to you asked if you havo tried working any of -uch socioties as Church of England Tomporauco, Purity, Youug Mon's, or Girls' Friendly Sociotioi. In tho roplioa I loam that thore ia at presont but ouo branch of the Church Temperance Socioty, and but one branch of tho Girls' Friondly Socioty. I am not much aurprisod at thia considering tho circumstances of many of our parishes, and tho fact that many of you have not long coinmoucod work horo. Tho eviia which the t«\\- first-named soeiotios aro to moot, lossen and romovo, aro oxcoodingly groat, ; and threaten to injure uot only tho prosont genera tion but in ai increasing dogroo gonorations yot to como ; no moro than thoy hinder the graco of God ontering their hearts, or tond moro to tho corruption of socioty. Tho Church of God ia tho groat Tempe rance and Purity Socioly, is mighty if only her forces aro put forth to moot and overcome all ovil, but experience has proved and all thinking men agroo that fur doing special work aud mooting spocial ills, agoneios and spocial muchinory is frequently needed, and it is bottor whilo tho country is yot young aud our population is yot small that tho aim shall bo to oxtiuguish evils & imulunt good. I hopo you will look for oponings for mooting in sumo way those terriblo fruits of ovil, for banding togethor our young men for good aud handing them on to otheri' caro whon they leave our parishos or thoir homos, Tho Young Mon's Friendly Socioty offors a good organization. For tho good objocts for our girls I rocomtnoud tho Young Womens' Friundlv Socioty ; I can well imagine that the fueling in your minds U that your liundB aro too full, aud y«ur timo is too occupied for you to undor tako anything fresh. This is only too truo: but: what a man doos by others ho doos himself, and su;h organization can bo carried ou by laytnon nnd. womon, aud it is tho part of wisdom to seek for and to train up othora to work, aa God givos them ability in His vinuyard. Yon may if intorontod in such parts of church work, beablo to interest othurs in thorn, and tho firo in your heart kindle a like flamo iu tho hearts of others' to a trno patriotism. Tho Business of the Synod : Our businosa paper is vory full, with inuro in i'. than psriiiiiw \v,- smji got liir.jiu'ii. Woluveto adopt HUndinY :-r;lor-; ijro.a care lmi boon taken in compiling tlui.io ivhi.'ii ' yo'i havo bofuro you ilia ron di form, from liio standing nrdofj of citlior Dio coaoi: chiefly thrno of dy.lnoy. Wo bare not, howovrr, hoiio to tho oxpanio 'of printing thorn as. yot. It will bo, I boliovo, prcipo-io.l that wo adopt them for thid soinioii in ordor that if any fluwi lire. 'diacovorcd thoy miy bo roctilled, and in ordor that when printod thoy mvy bo as near perfection as poH-il-lo. Koproinntiitivoj will bo oloctod for tho Gonoral liod , Provincial Syn ids :r Trustoos also for holding proporty in tho Diocoao. a bill for tho appointment of ' n, Diocos in Council will, be brought with vory oxtonsiyo dutios, but oap'eci ally to ndviio tho BUrnp. toraiso f'liuli, to propare biisinois fi tho futnro HO.micms of 'tho Synod. Thoro is a bill for tho appointmont of future Bishops of Rivorina; anothor for. tho formation of a fund for pou eions for clorgv, and thoir widows and : orphans, in which the schomo adopted ia tlnit triod with so much kuccojb iu the Diocoae of Graftou and Arraidalo, nud rocommbndod in the reports upon thisstibjoct to both gouoral aud provincial SynotU; and also a bill for con vening ourDioeoio Synod nnd olocting roprosontatives in which th it choice of. mothods is solocto-.l from tho constitution j which 'aboms'-'nibst' iidiiptml to thia' Diocosi1. . ' :- ?'.? '. . .??' ?:.'???' . :? . ????'. ?:?',' : ?:-;..?. Book Dei-ot.'. _ ?; ,',;?; ... .; A considorablo riumbqr of books aro noWf in stock . iu -Hav, and arrangod, for 'inspoc spoction it Miss Aahton's shop in front of tho liivcrine Grasict ol&co;, with a viow to making tlio purchase of go»(l litnraturo in ltiverins more oiiay tiian at prosont. A roport is proparod by my younger brotlior, Rov J. Vf. Eiadell, to whom miny thanks are duo for unpackitig, arranging and fixing tho books. It will romain for the uow Dioaoaiiu Council, if olocted, to coundoc. if thoy will adopt tho plan suqgestod or in thoir wijdomcontrivoHomothingbottor. Provi sional Church Sbeioty roport: Boforo .the Synod closoa thoro vyill bo projontod to it, it *U .hoped, a ro-' port of tho above ^yith audited nccounls: Our boat ttmuka iho due to Mr It. M. Chapman, tho lion, troa saror, and Mr J. C, PJttor, lion. 'soorat«ryj for . tho valuablo and arduous holp thoy havo rpndorod both in committoo and in clorieal work throughout tho list .'two'yeiin! Conclusion: I four that I havo alroiidy trospaaaed tqa long upon your timo, I will bo brief in my conclusion. I am thankful to sou our Synod con stitntod. I havo boon hithorto in the dangerous posi tion — 'irhich-I hope I have not nbusod— -of a dospot., I shall now bo moro of i n constitutional '-ruler with a responsible govorumout, elected a:(vid«r--, undmorodo- Hnito rulo3 by which to qvprjook this Dhpom It is a groat comfort. to have about mo.in this' first Synod such veterans in Dioeosiin work, and loyal «nd useful mombprs of op r church tis Molars Hodford, Donaldaon, Godfroy, nnd R ibortspn, an woll as Archdeacon Po'i nalli Bov S,-P''Holr, and fiov Vf. G- Hoso among tho clorgy; I nm hopeful that in all that \vp say, ivo may one and all sook' God's glory, the good of His church, the wolfaro of all sorts and conditions of mnnj and that tho wholotono of this Synod nuy bo such na ploaaoi Him from tho spirit of lovo and moderation, the absonco of party spirit, prejudice and ill fooling, i-nd spocial caro not to waste liuio in idle and unnoces tav? words,: . ... ?? -.- .' . ??' -.' ? ' .- -. ' ? ... : ?' ?:' . r.. . ;. Vouoriblo -Aroiideivcou Pon-nallmovod. that' .'the thanka of this Synod b« accordgd to tho Jfjishop, and that iho address !;c jiriotodi'; ? ?' . ' ' . ' ; The Rev Mr :'H.oaa was oloctod clorical, and Mr . Donaldson lay.secrutary.' . ;?;? ... '.,... Mr Bobei'tson moved that tho standing ordors, as present, bo adopted. ? ../ .. .'-? , . Mr Godfrey muvod. and Mr Donaldson sqcdndod, that tho proposo'J now words aftor tho word ''he' in line 1 of standing oidor 2 bo omittod do^n to tho word 'ordered'— with r the vie'.v of inserting tho wprds— ' fixod by the Synod on the first day of/ouch session'.' Carriod. ' : . Mr Godfrey movod, and Mr Donaldson 'seconded*;' ' That all,tho words aftor 'for' in lino ono in standing ordor 61 be omittod, and that tho following worda be inserted ' Tho Synod shall mako such ordor as may sosm necessary to most tho emergency.'1 .'??-.-.'., Mr Godfrey raovod, and Mr Donaldson socondod, ; that the standing otdbM, as amended,- be odoptod for use at this session. Carried.. ,.'.?-...: ?..'?'..'.?.??. Mr DonaWson . moved, and. tho Roy Mr Holt so condod, that the 'Synod at its riaiiija; : adjourn until 3\. p.m. .011 Wednesday' 4th May. fjarriodr \ Tho Rov Mr Holt moved, und tho Rov Mr Mitchell sccohdod, that the Rovd Hoso aud Harvoy aud Messrs Bodford and Chapman bo tho committoo of eloctions. Carriod...' : ; , . ;'''' ?' ? ; ? '.. ?' ??.??;. . ,: , The BovMr Hoao moved, and Mr Donaldson ep conded, that Mr F. R. Godfrey bo oloctod chairmau of . committoos for this BOSBio'n. .*:'... Loavo was given to introduce '.'the following moa s'uros'.;— :?..?'./ '.'?''.:'''?./? ''?-:' .'.'..'? ':.'?- ??'.:?:, -'- JBjlJ. for olostion of futurq Bishops of Rivoriua, .',:'? .- Hill for constituting a Diocbaan Council. Bill for 'regulating eonvoning of Synods. . Bill.fornssbnting.todraft of constitution. Y ^. . Bill for oloction of lay repressntativo^ to provincial and gonernl Synods; . ??„. ',. .' . *??'. . ...-'. '-. Bill for clergy poasion aud widows fund, .which, woroaqvoraflyroad a firat 'time, ordered to.bo printod! and thoir socond reading m.idp m order of the day for Wodnoadtty,.4th.Moy. ; .- ':? \,-^r'^ ?'.'. ..: ?' ??'...?. :' The standing orders . woro 'suspended, and loavei givon to Vonqrablo:Archdoacqn Pownallto movo with out 'notice': ..'That this Synod iwsqnts'.''. to nil dotor minations of the 1 Genoral Synod' made '; boforo 1880,: and iilao detormiuationa I im4' % of. 1886. ???. . :: Notico of question by Verierable Archdoacon.Pow nall, and notice of motion by tho Rev. Mr Hoao woro then given, . -.' ;-- -;-.,: J, !;. '' ?.;. '.??.?. . .-' '?:??.'' ''?'??'?? .'-.-.' ;;. Tho Synod re-ossombled on Wednesday morningl 1 Prayor by tho Presidont. :.'?',:, * „?? V .. . ?.-;., : Minutes of tho provious'mooting wore road nnd con firmod;'. ... : . ??.. ,.,...' ,/ ,? . :' .. ? ;.?' '??.?:; -. ?? Mr Godfroy.niinounced that having boon blooted for Hay and Wpntworth bo'oleetod to Bit for 'Woutworth; having .rocbiyod nbeortifjeato of his oloction for Hay. Mr -Koburtsoi announced that having bopn oleeted for Hay and Silrbrton be elbcted to ropresont Silvor ton. having rbioivod no certificate of his oloction for .Hay.- ? ?.'? ''??.?:'.??? -. '; : . . . -. Tho -Rov Mr Holt moved, and tho .Rov Mr Mitcholl socondod, that tho thanks of tho Synod bq givon to Venorablo ArchdoiKon Pownall for his sormon this morning. ' ;. '.. : . In reply to a quostion tho Prosidont said that no npocial conditions woro attachod to tho gift of tho lato Hon J. Campboll for tho ondowraont of tho Soo, rojativo ; to tho appointmont of future Bishops of Rivorina, . Notices 1 of motion were thon givon : Tho Rov \V. O. Hoao moved, pursuant to notico, and Mr DonaldBon seconded, that in tho opinion ot this Synpd it is dosirablo that an association bo formed to bocallod the Sunday School Association. 2: That a soloct committoo consisting of tho Rovs. Mr Holt and Mr Harvoy, and Moaars Donaldson, John son, f ottor and tho inovor bo appointed to bring up a bill at the;noxt session of tho Synod. ' ;. Ordors of the day : — 1\. Socond reading of bill for aasonting to Buggoatr.d1 draft.of institution for Provincial Synod. Tho bill was committed and paiBod through committoo. with out amondmonta. Tho standing ordors 'wore siiapondbd and tho bill was road a third time, and piinsed;' : ' . 2. Second raiding of bill for rogulatiuf; tho method of olocting roprosentativoa to tho General mid ^Pro vincial Synod. Motion put and paasbel; . ' ' . '. ?'-.? A quoatiou that tho bill be now commil tod. Put: and'passod. ' '.:; .?:*?'..;; Tho bill wa3 considered in committoo, amended, and'roportoil to ths House. .' '..':?'? ?['??' -.?'.? ?;.!:.?':.': Tho consideration of the report was adopted. ?'\\-./.':. Tho Standiug.ordors were suapondod, and tho ttiirVl roading.was carded. .?'.?? ...-.^, . :\:. ^.; :Y\v;::;r.;:.': Qunstiouput that the liill do now pass, was carriod, Tho Presidont iiiiiiouncoil that nomiimtions; now bo rocoived by the hon. sucrotaciea of r/iprotqntativcB to the Gonoral and Provincial Synods. , '?'.'??'?.' '?:'.'.'.?', Mr Donaldson movod,. und Rev- Mr, Holt seconded, that Messrs Frod Cdmpboll, George Miir, Frederick Raco Godfrey, aud ThomaB Robortsin bo four of tho five trustooa uocoibary fur holding church proporty according to tho Act. ......... Tho Rov W. 0. Uoio movod that tho Rev Syduoy Linton bo appointed as fifth trustee.' Vonorablo Archdeacon Pownall movod an ameudmont that Mr Chan. M. Lloyd, of Yamma, ha appointed, The amondmont was carried. ?.;?.-. -. -: Tho aocond reading of tho bill for the appointmont of a Bishop of Riyoritia w*a thou hoard. Tlio question that the bill bo' .cbmmittqd was puf, and passod. . ?':. .... ' '.'. ' . : Bill committed, preamble postponod; The quostion that the Chair man- loavo the chair to report progrosi ahd'iuk loavo to sit again,'' put imd passod. Leavo grantod, and further consideration mado an ordur of tho day for tomorrow/ ' ' Tho aecond raiding of tho bill for tho appointment of aDiocomn Council : Quoition. that tho bill bo committod was put and carriod.' , ,: '. ' Progress was roportod, und loave givon to sit again at a lator hour. : ? .' ;i:; -., . : . Tho socond ronding of tho bill for rogulating tho couvoniug of tho Synods wan agro*d to. ' Tho bill was committod; progress roportod, aud' iqavov to sit again at, a lator hour. .... '' : ' ;, :\\-'v.v ? '. ' In the ovouiug tho bill wiis further 0 considered : in committee, amonded, aud rqpbrted to tho House ; iiud consideration of the report made an ordor of the day for Thursday. ' ? ? , .;',::::? i :... . Tho second reading of the bill for olorgy pensions and widow's fund was agreod to. Tho bill was committed, amondod and roportod. Loavogivon to sit onThurs' day. ? '. ' ? , Tho Diocesan Conncil Bill was furthor consrdorol ?n committee. Amondmonts woro mado, and progress reported. Tho question wa* put and passed that tho biil bo furthor considered to-morroiv, to take proco donco of other businoss: Tim Synod mot at 10 a.m. on Thursday, when tho 1'rosidonl took Luoehnlrnni! ro,i-) |-n-yor». Tho iniiiutea of Wedno-'dav's mooting wiro read ind C'infirmnil.S 'I'ho atumliiig ordors woro roferrod for rovisinn to a noloct committoe, consisting of Monri llolinrtion' Godfroy, and Donald jon.J wir.l^ instructions to report to tho Soasion. Loivo to intro'lifo an inlorprotatinn Hill was grautod. and tho Mill brought in hy Mr Godfroy was road a firit timo nnd made an ordor nf iho day fo iho oyoning sitting, A lottor rocoivod from tho Vicnr-Gonornl '?win road by tho Proaidont, asking tho Synod to tako action in opposition to the Divorco Bill now boforo Patliataout and it w,« nubsoquently ngrood that 11 petition bo drawn up roquosting tho Govonior to rosorrothb Bill for her Majesty's assents. . :,- Tho following bills woro dealt with j-rDiocosnn Council Bill wont through oommitto.V.aiid waa ro portod, '. ..':. : ??''.:'?:';?!'??''.???', . A 'bill to provido.for tho oloction, of the Bishop of Rivorina, by. which -tho vucancy to llioj Sob can bo fillod up until Bonio further, legislation: takon pbic'o, was also passed r.hrorigh coaimittob, tliii object of which ia to loavo tho solocj ion la. tho JJishopa'of tho : province. '. ' ;/' ????,''??'?.'' '-'?''?' '???''?? ...:.?? '??''?? ??''?:? ::' ?' '.'.?.? A bill to provido a clorgy, widows and orphans' fund was fui'thor considered in committou, ainl pro gross roportod. /'. ;?' , . ? !? ,v ... : ' An lutorprbtation Bill wao iilso passed through Gommittoo nnd roportod. ' . . ; - ?:'; '?? . ? ' : - . A Provincialnud Gqiioral Synod Rq prosoiilativbs Bill, and a Bill foruonvoniiig tho Diocossan Synod woro oa.:h rond n third tiinoaiid passed. '? Motions' to tho followin(- effect, wore nlso passed ;— 1\. Roqtiiririg parishes to kbop a rogi tor of pari'sh ionora, /:?':'.?'? '.-'' ?' ' . ? ' ., . ?' '?;',?..? -.' -.' '.'?'?' 2\. Roqniring Church wardona tu, furnish financial Btatornonta annually to tho Diocossnu Council. 3\. Roquiring'congrogdtibns to mako annual Culloo tioiw, in aid of the Sustontatiim Fund of tho Diocosc. 4\. For tho proBOutatibn of anaddruss to Hor Mnjoaty congratulating hor upon attaining. hor jubiloo. .'.??;' ' ; Tho Synod sat from 10 uutil noon, from 3 :p.m. till ft pm., and from 7.30 till' 10 p.m., when ;it adjourned tilti'ip.m on Fridmv : ' ?''.??.:.'? \ 