Boiilanger iu Exile. "General Boulanger, like ' Banquo's ' ghost, will not ' down,' especially at the bid ding of the opportunists," writes a correspon dent of the Boston Advertiser from Clermont-. " Tho Chambers having adjourned until the autnum, there can he no ministerial crisis, at least for the next two or three months, and consequently ' the Boulanger question ' will remain unsolved for a long time to come. But when the present Cabinet does fall, as it must sooner or later in the very nature of things, then this irrepressible General is sure to be once more the apple of discord in the French Rebublican camp and a source of disquietude to all Europe. Aud then will he witnessed again the confusion and bitterness and dan gers that characterised public life in this country during the month of May last. ' ' Hence it is thai every thing relating to this coming man is of peculiar interest, and hence it is that I run down from the metro polis to spend a day in the capital of Auvcrgne the headquarters of the Thirteenth "Army Corps, in order to study the ' people's idol ' in his new surroundings. "Clermont offers the Usual slovenly ap pearance of a provincial Fr3noh town; dirty white walls, surmounted by tiles and chimney-pots on glaring red houses, ugly aud uncomfortable, never homes, people slofv stupid,, and sadly in need of soap, and streets which twist and squirm about like a nest of snakes. "I shook off these gloomy t'aorgV a and turned my steps toward the military head quarters. Before I could come into the great presence, I was obliged . to pass numerous stolid sentries, little sallow-faced men in blue coats and ugly, ill- fitting trousers, who stared at me blankly and looked as if they were worth just about tho salary they receive — one cent per day. Then I "was stopped by a group of officers, fine-looking, soldierly men, who wore a most brilliant and tasteful uniform, and finally I found myself in charge of an aide-de-camp, who received my card, and, after presenting it-, returned, and bowing politely, said : ' The Geueral will receive you, sir.' It was with no li'tlc embarrassment that I now found myself standing before the man, who, for- all wo know, is destined ere long to lead the armies of France on to victories yet undreamed of. I had seen General Boulanger before at various state receptions in Paris, but on such occasions he had always appeared in full military uniform and had seemed to he on exhibition. Now I was, as it were, standing behind the scenes where I could study this remarkable man iu an everyday light. "There ho is without his ribbons and stars, and without either sword or spur, no magnificence, no poring, he whoso name is sounding now in stirring songs through every j?art of Franco, tho people's idol, tho man of 'all Europe most talked of, read of, loved, hated, and ridiculed — General Boulanger ; there ho sits in citizen's dress, working quietly at a table littered over with papers in an unpretentious office. He wore a light, buff-colored suit, very stylishly made, which showed off to perfection 'his fine iigiue and splendid proportions. Though not tall, he lius this build of an athlete, and, while the lines of his bodj' are easy and graceful, yet tliey show that muscles of steel lie beneath. He has brown hair, showing hardly a trace of grajv in spite of his fifty years, aud brushed sharply back from the forehead, the part being near the middle, which arrangement, as well as the eyeglasses worn while he reads gives him a scholarly air. On the whole, he impresses you as ono who would keep cool under all circumstances, as a man who is calmly hiding bis. time, sure of him self and sure of a great store of reserve power held back for the hour of need. This look of quiet strength almost forces vou to believe in him. "After an interview we_ proceed to the lovely little garden in the back, where, in spjte of the rain, I succeeded in getting a fairly good view of Boulanger's Clermont house. The house is like the man, simple and luiprotectious, a plain square bnilding, some pretty vines and ilowcr-heds here aud there in the well-cut grass, some trees and shrubbery, that is all. There is no show, no luxury, J J iiuuuua uraw .1 secona glance, and yet from day to day, from hour to hour, the wires groan with the messages flashed to Paris, to Berlin, to. St. Petersburg, to London, telling what is going on within those four white walls." 