DO R A U BAR AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. -0 BY "MONHA" OCIHAPTEIt XV .-(Co?'ri?ue:uf.) Sometimes, id a. forgetful frame, we turn to her room as in'days of yore, for advice and encouragpement, only to be oonfront'd by her vacant couch. - And,in the wet cold nights that follow,how hard it seems to abshut her out in the rain and darkness, while we gather round the hearth, even though we know It is but the shell and the casket lying there-tbhat the pearl, the prooeious gem, it held is safe in God's keeping. OHAPTER XYI. t is little more than forty.eight hours after burying our dead, that the final blow faols, I am aitting beside the dinilngroom fire, listlessly looking into its depths, and thinking half.bitterly, half regretfully of Norton Fowler's ehare in my paet, thinking what comfort I might have derived from his love during these dark, dark days, had he been true to his better nature, when the chief sud denly eintere, hi lface ghastly and horror. stricken, and tosses to Ag, whoso presence I had been almost oblivious of, a telegram form. "MIisfortunes never come singly l" he groans, striding out of the room, without another word 'mnd shutting himself into the den, as a slam of the door proclaims. "" What is it, Ag?" I ask apprehoniively, noting the sudden awful horror that dilates her eyes, and blanches her cheeks, " What is it 7" I repeat in impatient agony; half-fright. cned by her stony anguish. Once, twice, she tries to speak, but in vain. The third time the one word "Freddie" makes iteelf heard. Its utterance seoem to break the spell, and mechanically she hands me the paper, but I turn from it with a shudder, remembering the one I got at Sun. nyside. " No, tell me,--i she ill?" I cry, fearing I know not what. "tll?-- woree I" shudders Ag, bowed and broken-looking. "Worse ?-not dying ? oh, not dying It' cannot be I" 'Dead I" and with the word she falls on. her knees beside me, and, with her arms around me and her head in my lop, she breaks into a storm of sobs that terrify, and, taken in conjunction with her terrible news, be. wilder me totally. Dead I can it beapossible ?--ohe, our bright, beautiful, 'beloved sister--dead! I could laugh aloud at the thought, in my disbelief. That young, vigorous, beautiful life out short I that gay, sweet voieo luelled, those sunny eyes sealed for ever I and all her new-born wealth of motherelove and wifely-worehip daad with her I • .0, baby Bruce; poor, little motherless waif , I could almost hate you in the first heat of our new fire of alliotion I Is it any wonder that he, your sorely.triken sire, should shrink, for a time from the eight of your sweet innocent face, knowing that your birth has cost his darling's life? God com. fort him, and guide thee, poor babe-so un. conscious of thy losse I For nearly twenty minutes Ag clings, weeping wildly, to me, deaf to my soothing •words, insensible to all my earesses, then gradually she grows calm, and turns com. forter for the benefit of the rest of us; first telling me the substance of the telegram. It is very brief, simply conveying the sad neew, and promising particulars by the first mail, ..'taken away from the evilto come." Mrs. Sutherland'a words recur to us both, and gratefully we thank God that she was spared thia rushing blow. Even as we dwell upon those strangely prophetic syllables, Mre. Suthorland arrives, her own grief swallowed up in the greatness of her sympathy for us. But why dwell upon the long weary hours of ensad waiting that follow 7 or oven upon the contents of poor Leox's heart-broken leltter 7-, they, indeed, are too sacred to be lightly eix. posed to every eye. Enough that it is too true,-that dreadful telegram,-ha she, the hlower of the family, the pride and joy of her husband's heart is truly under the sod hidden from our earthly eyes for over. She had never recovered her strength after her baby's birth, seeming at first to do well, then, gradually, fading away, wasting to' a skeleton almost, so thin and weak, but to the last, sweet and unselfish, cheering him with confident assurances of their future meet. log. Last messages she sent us all, bidding us Fpeoially he good to her "boys," for her eake, and advising Lax to leave Now Zealand, where he had neither kith nor kin, and re turn to his old home. 13dt that neither duty nor inolination will sanction at present. The land that holds her dust, is dearer to him than oven the land of parents, homo, and friends, and for her little one's sake he must not lightly resign the poet that means indopendeonce, and eat the broad of idleness; for there isno opening for him in 8--, nor much proespect of there being one.,; Besides, in work, he can boat forget his lobe, he tolls us, and work ha does -so hard that he kneoks himself up meat pronouncedly, and three or four months later finds himself ordered home on siok leave for three months.. There I find him'looking the ghost of the old- time Lex, poor fellow I when I return for the Christmas vacation, for I had insisted on going back to my work at Camborough, des. pite the mute entreaties of Ag's wistful eyes, and the chief's suggestion to relinquish it. There was nothing for me to do at home in our diminished household, as I told them, and I must have something to fill my thoughts, and take me out of myself. Rleluctantly, they had consented at last to my continuing it for another year, hoping then, I might resign it of my own accord. My Sunnyside friends had met me on my return with a genuine sympathy that tried my control sorely, and vied with each other in their kindness to me. Nanco I find quite recovered, and looking health and beauty personified, She has at length consented to "name the day," and, rather to Mr. Alexander's disguet, has fixed it for no less distant a date than St. Valon tine's day, that being also her birthday. Slowly the weeks paes by, despite all I can do to make them fly-working hard during school hours, and harder still study. ing for matriculation in my spare time, for in study now I find forgetfulness and calm. Twice a week I go into 0- for lessons and it is on one of these oooasions that, on leaving my tutor's residence and, calling for letters at the post, I receive the following preo!ous epitle. . - - : . -Fernlea, . Tuesday evening, Mx nDE MIss DUN?A ., SLet my anxiety to'render you the full ex. planation that is your due plead for my presumption in thus addressing you, and in justice to yourself do not aot upon what will most probably be your first impulse, and return this unread. Do not think for a moment I mean to make excuses for myself, or try to gloss over my vile conduct. Let that stand in all its blaok,cowardly treachery, it will the sooner quench the last spark of your regard, supposing that even one remains, and to forgot me is the wisest thing you can do now. Aye, forget me, forget that I ever entered you life, though, till my dying day, I shall cherish a fond rememberauno of your every word and look. . love you too well to wish you to preserve even the faintest memory of me, for remembrance must mean aught but happiness or pleasure in this ease, and you have had your shareof sorrow and pain or late-may the future recomponse you amply for the past. . But to come to the point. I deem it only right t1 tell you that ad deeply as I loved you when I asked you to become my wife, I love you still, more deeply on the principle that forbidden fruit gains in sweetness; the unattainable becomes all-dosirable I From the first hour I met you and fell under the spell of your loveliness, till the present moment, my passion has been a part of my life, and will be till I cease to exist. Does this horrify your sense of right? my loving one woman with all my soul, and perjuring myself to gain another's gold. "The love of money is the root of all evil," truly, now.a.. days as of old, and with N. F., especially. Picturopquo poverty I can form no ooneop. tion of.. Penury is my pot antipathy, and to be hard up with others depending on me the thought is enough I I ohould desert them or commit suicide. Am I painting myself plainly enough It is not a sweet picture, is it ? ... No, the chuuao iquot iln you," biiff 'i mii altered oircumatauces. As the manager of Fernlea, I lad a coforttable home, if not a "lii?i?suIs "one, to ofler my wife, but as Norton Fowler, minue position and prospots, existence on a pound a week, perhaps, to share. My marriage will be purely a bargain -the rent-roll of Lillion for my youth and good looks, my bride elect tolls me. 1 may flatter myself on the possession of the latter without vanity, and for youth-I am only twenty-oight in years, but thrice that in worldly-wiso foresight, eh ? Have I said enough to make you loathe and despise me even as I despiso myself I In one way I hope so, but despiso mc, forget me it you will,"yet pity me a little, too, for, villain and coward as I am, my punishment is hard to bear. Tied for life to a woman I do not even' profess to' love, who bores and irritates me every hour of the day, thrice her' wealth could not reconcile mo to my loss of your sweet self. Who would envy me? Perhaps tho-" . Butt here contempt and disgust get the bettera f me, and crunching the paper into a ball, Ithruat it.into my pocket with angry vehaemence. . ;. . " Mserable wretolh IV I mutter to myself, "it would serve him right to send it to his ' bride lect' as he calls her, but between her infatuation and his lack o leonsoienco, he'd convince her it was a forgery." "What's the matter, Dot? something has upeot:your serenity, "Nanco's voice breaks in on my soliloquy, as I near the gate of her mother's cottage. Drawing her into her own "room I give her the letter with a ourtl "I rad that." Puzzled, but obedient, she does so, and I watch her fLae with its lightning hanges of expression whilo she reads. \- Surprise,- contempt,' indignation, disguti chase each other across it, and confirm my owin opinion. i Well?" I say sharply, as she silently hands it back. lDon't speak of him, Dot, he's beneath your notioe,' sh adviaes gently then, url. oilty 'proving stronger than her resolve, " When did he propose, dear?" i' The day he drove me down in his dog cart." " And you-" i"Said'yes,' alter a week's consideration. But enough of him Nanoe; I wish the widow joy of her bargain." " You are well rid of him, dear; don't regret him." : "I don't now. That letter oued me," 1 laugh, bitterly. / "When does the wedding take place, Nanoeoi" " Next Thursday, I heard yesterday." SYes, at the English ohurd,." " Thursday-that isfete day, is it not ?" " Yes, or to quote the O- iVecs, our * An nual Athletic Sports.'" ""And a school holiday Nanee5 I must get in for it." "Thfete ?" " No, the wedding."' " Dot, do you mean to make a death's head ofltho feast" " " I mean to make Norton Fowler see my mania is over." "As you please, tm chore, The church will be crowded, I think, for it's tonbe a grand affair as drese goes, though only intimate Iriends are invited, leo wanted a private wedding, Mrs. Inaynor told me, but she inistled cn asking her hundred and one 9articular friends, and being married in the shurehi." "Wisa woman alter.payin o muh for linm, why shouldn't she exhibit him?". " Oynio I are w to be present then p" " And witness the saorifioe-yes." " Ocn you calmly look on it ?" " Wait and see-I think po." '"Dson in Snood imo then, we musto't be late," she says, as the buggy comes round to the gate. : " All right," I promie, eas I follow Mrs. Aroroft out to it, stopping a moment to say good-byo to Mrs. Stair. "In time: for. what; Dot?" asks, Mrs. Aroroft, as we bowl along; " Mr. Fowler a wedding on Thursday." "Oh, you hoard ofi, t then ?' ouri ously. "Yes, and I want you to drive me in to see it," I say, eoaxingly. : " Gold won the day aflter all, Dot?" she ventures, in half-tender, half.saranetic tones, "I hope he may be as happy as he deserves. It's a pity, for .hsla_ ake,- you hadn't -a ' Lillioa' to take him to." "And a blessing for mine;" I laugh. "That sounds like seor grapes, oh but it's not. Like'Lady lare,' I wantto beloved for ' my own true worth.'" " I'm glad to hear it, Dot," she says earnestly, "I should never forgive myself if I thought that by malhing him so welcome always, I had helped him to deceive you at all." "Never think that, dear Mrs. Arroft. . I was deceived in him for a time, I candidly eonfese, but my eyes are open now, and I resign him to tho widow without a regret." " That's good news to me, and in gratitude for it, I promise to drive you in to see the knot tied, if all's well." She is as good as her word, and Thursday morning finds us, on the stroke of eleven, simmering in the crowded church, waiting for the wedding party. Three, four, five minutes pass, then the carriages dash up to the church, and a moment later the bride enters on her brother's arm, his face expressing the dis approbation he feels. She is fearfully and wonderfully resplendent in ruby brocade, the bodice fitting her substantial figure with a tightness suggestive of an explosion, with a blaze of diamonds at her throat, ears and wrists, and in her hair. Entering by another door her bridegrom advances, and meets her at the communion, in front of the old clergyman. Handsome and sellf-possessd, he goes through hie share ol the solemn service with outward inditier.' "Till death do us part." As the words fall on my ears I recall his written once ,"Tied for. life to a woman I do not even professto love," and I wonder if he remembers them too. The ceremony ever, le makes 'no'effort to foil the "beat man's" determination to obtain the first kies, hut coolly drawing his wife's arm through his, leads her to the vestry O Then the crowd slowly files,out so slowly that Nance and I arc only emerging from our pew as the bridal party re-appear, and my funereal figure in it's deep mourning is the first thing they eoo. That he sees it the dark. red flush that dyes his face declares, nud his eyes fall before mine, but only for a moment; then, bowing slightly, he hurries on. After the breakfast the "happy .pair," start for Sydney, where they spend the honey. moon. " And thus ends that chapter of my life. ' CHAPTER XVII. Christmas Eve beholds my returtn to 8 for three weeks. Vio, a tall, elendp~ , ~gntle menly youth of sixteen,now, is on the ' tat!on 'to -mnet me, and. Ag's_ r,weet lce gloams radiantly.from the cab he leadlsm to.' : ' , ... "I couldn't come ai'yfiuithetl ;d6ar,.;'shi t says, softly, glancing down at a small, ehubby figure in her arms-a bright, bonny bii of humanity, whose big blue eyes and sunny curls proolaim him Freddie's son. "Bruce? ' 'Agl give him to me,"' I cry, hastily, returning her kiss as I bend to takeo him. -g, "Isn't he like her, Ag?" I murmur, alternately, kissing him and staring him out of countenance, "What a splendid little fellow I Is he as good as this always ?" A question Master Bruce answers himself by setting up a lusty roar, and shrinkiong shyly from my strange face. "Oh, hush I Here take him, Ag," bund-. ling him into' her arms in dismay, "stop him if you can." That she does speedily, the mite seeins already to know and love her, then shre applies herself 'to answering my many questions till we reaop home. Ilomol It scarcely seems that with. out the all-prevading influence of our sweet invalidpother. And the iaorni altered face of Lox at the drawing-room window adds to its strangeness, as, with drooping frame an( ehble step the comes to meet us, I recall my last glimpse of him on his Wedding.day, and . the contrast moves me to tears. 1 ," Dora I' he says, with forced cheerfulness, "is it really you?-really the little pale' student of two years ago ? Time has been a generous friend to you, as far as beauty and bloom are concerned, ma chere." "Ay, 'bu" how bitterly;.how hardly that same time had dealt with me in the matter of my dear bnes I" -I remind myself, return. ing his salutation; and at the thought myllip quiver painfully, forbidding speech, r. Altogether it is a sad home-coming, and the days that follow are dreary and joyloss full of memories of the missing faces that leave suoh gaps in our circle, Ler we see little of, but baby Bruce almost lives with us-Ag and he being inseparable; lives with us entirely, indeed, for a fortnight of my visit, owing to a sudden relapse that almost leaves him doubly-orphaned. The chief takes a wonderful fancy to the little sprite, and spends minutes at a time playing and romping with him, as I am sure he never did with us, and Ag and Vie vio with each other in their efforts to spoil him, and I must plead guilty to aiding them. _ Uneventlully my holidays pass, and'a week after the, Now Year I set out on my return to Camborough, accompanied by Vie, .whose delight at the prospeet of a month's hunting, eto., at Sunnyside, is boundless. ?' Mrs. Aroroft had taken a great liking to his frank, laughing face in my album, and enjoyed my stories of his quips and pranks so muoh, that I had strict orders to bring him bnok with me if only for a month. The chief had hesitated a little before conseonting, plunging poor Vie into unfathomable dispair, and transporting him thenco, to the seventh heaven of delight, by finally granting him a month's holiday. .At our journey's end, we find Mr. Arorolt and.his better half, with the drag awaiting us, and, after a hearty welcome, I bundle in at the back with the latter, whila Vie find' himself in his element, perchod at Mr. Ar oroft's sldo behind Pyeaoho and Hobo. "And how is Nanoe ?" is my flret ques tion, "Well," laughs her sister, "in health, but who can 'minister to a mind diseased?' Nanoo isfe a victim to the green-eyed monster," "Nonsense I" "It's the truth, Dot." "'Maybe, but I diana think so,'" I quote merrily. "Who is she ?" "That's the best of it-it isn't a she at all." ."Who then?" : : "Mr. Langdon-Watty?aisgdon." "Who is he ?" , "Dot,5do you meian to say that, lTnowing Gilbert the laest six months, you don't know who Watt Langdonn.-" . "Stay l'rloraheiny interiupting her, "I remember, Mr, /4isgdson is Gilbert's 'own familiar friend,' is ihe not ?--is voluminous Queensland correspondent ?" "Yes, but be is back for good, and Gilbert, in his delight, neglected Nanco for two whole hours, and so won Watty a place in her black bookes.c 7 "Not ho- sbhe' too nonsiblo and unsel]ebh for that. What is Mr. Laugdon like?" " Tall and dark, rather melancholy-look. ing. He hns the finest dark eyes Iever saw, and the sweetest smile-it quite alters his expression, which is usually grave to for biddingness." "I like the deecription. When shall I see him " ! Thisday week. We are going to have a kangaroo hunt at Mt. Trowan and he's coming." "Next. Saturday I Won't Vio be do. lighted " "No doubt-we got it up in his honor, and he's to ride Inez. Do you think he can manage her ?" " Oh, I think so; but, Mrs. Aroroat, isn't it too soon-" ! I understand you, dear," she says, gently as I falter and finally break down, " but I think not. There's only Mr. Langdon and Gilbert coming, besides ourselves, and you and I are to drive over, after thehunting party. Via musn't go home without seeing a little life in the West. During the following week, Via is the con. stant companion of Mr. Aroroft and Nanco in their daily rides, striking up a friendship with the latter, that each day cements more firmly. The exercise agrees with him, and improves his appearance wonderfully, trans forming him into a "positively handsome youth," as I condescendingly inform him, my reward for the information being a fillip in the ear, and a brotherly injunction to be "civil to my superiors." The fateful Saturday dawns at length, bright and breezy, and, alter an early breakfast, we set off for Mt. Trewan, Nance,i n her blue habit and shady hat, look. ing grace and happines personified, rides off with Gilbert, closely followed byMr.Langdon, his host and Via, after whom come the boundary riders and all the station dogs, Mrs. Arrorot and I bringing up the rear with a buggy lead of good things in the eatable line. Theo arive is a delicious one, up bill and down dale, along soft sandy roads, that wind, white and cool, through dusty wattle groves, and across broad brown heaths, then through a great fern-carpeted forest of stringy-bark, till finally we emerge at the foot of steep, bald Mt. Trowan. Beside a splendid spring at its foot we picnic for an hour or so, dis. oussing cold chicken and cream cakes, and Christmas festivities, and kangaroo hunts alternately. ,,Then the hunters ride offil, leaving Mrs Arcrolt and me to repack the hampers, after which we pile the buggy rug and cushions on the ground, and lazily lounge and talk the time away, with, for variety's sake, a little reading from "Romola." : ' Not to read, and reading not to appreal ate 'tomola,' means a deficiency in one's moral nature," a gentleman visitor had averred a week before, and Naneo had straightway obtained a copy, read it, and raved over it since, "proof positive of no lack in her moral nature," she gravely sn sured us, though I warrant she skipped pages. It is late in the afternoon when the hunters return, tired, but well pleased with their sport, Vie especially elated, having been complimented by the rest on his fearless riding. "What do you think of the country, Vie " asks Mrs. Araoft. "I never'saw-anything' like it, it's 'wild Australia' with a vongeance," says Vie. ".It -reminds.mne of Gordop',- ride atfter the bush. rangers." , " Spare s, Vie o' I cry, fingers in ears, "we all know what you mean, it's something about-" " Hard behind them through the timber, harder still across the heath, Right behind them, through the tea-tree scrub we dashed, And the golden-tinted fernleaves, how they Srustled underneath, And the honeysuekle osiers, how they crashed I "Stop him, some one, please." "Not need," he answers lugubriously; " Hearing Gordon murdered in that fashion has subdued me." : \- "That's a rap for your reciting powers," laughs Nanco, who shares his mania for Gordon. "A well-morited one," gravely asserts Gilbert, while Mr. Langdon puts in , h"iss Dunbar, have you the courage to condemn Gordon in present company? Don't you know we Western district folks take a particular pride in him, and are all his ardent admirers 1" '- I know, but, r. Langdon, let me quarter iyou for a month with one of his devotees Vioa for example-wbo is raving about :,The Wreok' oeta. from dawn to dark, and 'I'll warrant you'll wish Gordon, had 'died yo Coms, Doll, 'in your might remember mercy,'! aroeies Via. , "Can't you turn the tables on her, Vio ?" laughs Gilbert. ' "Tell us whose poems she pesters you with ?" :: '' ::; "Don't know his name," says Vin; hie eyes sparkling wickedly, "but I remember a verse or two she made our lives miserable with," and assuming a sentimental air he drawls- . - - You may forgdt the woman; Imay forget the man, But the perfume of the lilies Forget it if you can. A shout of laughter rewards his mimicry. "Go on, Vie, give us some moreo" cries Nance ; "it is Dot seen under now ciroum stances to us. What is the name.of that piece?" i"Day lilies,' I think. I don't know any more o it, but there's another favourite of hers makes me wish I was atflicted with deaf ness, though its such a happy blending of the earth earthy with the celestial, that I suppose I should admire it. It rune You require that your mutton should always be hot, That your socks and your shirts should be whole, I require that your heart should be true as God's stars, And pure as His heaven your soul." " Mutton and heaven, humph I" comments hMr. Langdon whimsically, surveying my searlet cheeko. " Imust nay I'm with Vie on Gordon's side, Miss Dunbar." "And II andII" laughingly' chorus the rest. "Come, good people," ories Mrs. Araroft from the buggy, " if you want to recruit the inner man before we start for home, hurry up; there's no time to waste." Scrambling up, we make our way to her, and hastily " snatch a mouthful," as Mr. Arrorolt calls the mdal we make. Than the dishes are packed, the ponies harnessed, and the hunters' horses led round. "Are you ready, Martha?" eries Mr. Arcroft, looking on, with an indifference born of ten years' matrimony, at Gilbert tucking her into the buggy. "In one moment," the latter replies. " You can start-Nance and I'll see the ladies off." " All right, come onLangdon come, Via l' and oil they canter, .followod by the pair of us in the buggy, with the lovers in the "areCntly they pass ua for "a race on the hoath,"- a Gilbert inlfrms us, and in a minute are opt ol efight,;:^-'. . - - Easily we bowl along through the timber chattin idly over tho doings of the day, and blissfully ignorant of tho tragedy so Boon to take place. The sun is low in the wost, as weemerge from the timber on to the heath, and, shining into our eyes dazzles them'so that we are glad to regain the shelter, or shade rather of the trees on the far ide of the heath. Merrily we pursue our way, winding in and out among the tall "sons of the forest," bordering it, till we conme suddenly on a little group blooking the road-a group we had not noticed sooner, so absorbed had we been il steering clear of the many trees on each lide. Full length across the track lies Gilbert, motionless, his head pillowed on Nanco's breast, while she strives to stanoh the blood, staining with its red stream the dear face al ready oet in the pallor of death. " Good God I" cried Mrs. Arcroft, throwing me the rins and springing down to them, "What is wrong, Nance T" - Nance-is it Nanoo's laoe that colonfronts us? that gray, stony, expressionless mask? is it her voice that in hard, monotonous tones explains: " Wildfire bolted and ran into that tree." "Great Heavons I is he much hurt,Nanoe ?" "Hurt? No-ho doean't suffer-killed on the spot," she said, in the same strange me ebaniaal way, brushing back with her blood stained hands, his thick curls. " Dot, Dot, it has turned her brain I What are we to do ?" wails Mrs. Areroft, wringing her hands in agony, as she turns to me sit. ting siok with horror behind the ponies. " Wo must get help," I.return inanely. " Yes, but how ? I daren't leave her, and you can't drive."- " "No, but I can ride," pointing to Nance's horse near by-a horse that, under less des perato circumstances, nothing would tempt me to mount. " Will the ponies stand?" "I think so, I don't know-never mind them. Oh, be quickl" With trembling haste she assists me to mount, and hurries me off, tying the ponies loosely to a tree, then flying to Nance, to minister to her, for oven I can seo Gilbert is past aid. ) With palpitating heart I tear on, along the bush track and out tgain on to the heath, across which I strain my eyes in search of aid-in vain. - Yet no I approaching swiftly is a buggy and pair,with two men in it. The relief is so great that I burst into tears that blind my identity of both,'till Mr. Cotton's well-known voice ejaculates:: " Miss Dunbar I has anything happened 1" Slipping to the ground, clinging to the saddle for support, I sobbingly explain. " Gilbert thrown-ehurt-killed you think I Good God I Bilton, you're just the man that's wanted hero," aores the owner of that welcome voice, turning to his companion, a young doctor who is visiting 0-. "Yes," he says, cool and self-possessed, "Is it straight ahead on this road, the acci dent happened, young lady?" "Yes," is all I can uter. "Then jump up here-you are two un nerved to ride that brute. Let it go, it'll make its way home and give the alarm." Gladly I obey, and, assisted by Mr. Cotton, take my place between them. Then as we dash forward, he explains their opportune appearance on the soen. "We drove down to SBunyeido after lunch, and, learning you were at the Mount, deter mined to join you there, instead of waiting .your return." S"Did you moot Mr. Arcroft?" "Yes, ha said thnt we'd find you a little *(?lrll:er on with Gilbert --poor fellow 1" SToo nanm recails the avl wul scene, ad sg'lin i give way, burrylug my oae', in tuy hands, :and shuddecini; violcntly. A. lw miniutes more brings us to our journey's end. Nance's awful composure has given way at last, and sle lies pale and death-like in her oaete'e nrmse. One glance at Gilbert's stiffening form is enough for the doctor, though he makes a show of seeking for the " vital spark." " Killed instantaneously," is his verdict, and he turns his attention to Nanee, over whom he is bending gravely, when at a break neck gallop, Mr. Arcroft and Watty Langdon join us. "WJiat is it?" cries the former, in his fussy, kindly way, "has-" The words die on his lips, as he espies the still figure with a handkerchief thrown over its face, and with a shuddering groan he turns away, while Mr. Langdon throwing himsell on his knees beside it, weeps for a moment or two like a woman. . "How did it happen?" asks Mr. Areroft in a hushed tone, but that none of us kno w. " You must wait for particulars till this young lady is herself again," says the doctor, adding with grim signifioance, "and that won't be for some time. Now," he goes on briskly, "we must get her home at once. How are we to do it ?" outting short all cn. I quiries. . I "In the buggy,,I suppose," answers Mrs. Aroroft, who, pale and trembling still with horror, is yet the only one self- possessed I enough to suggest anything. c "In ours, then-it will bold three most a comfortably," motioning Mr. Cotton to help a him to lift her into it. "Now, Mrs. Arcroft, you got in, too, and I'll drive you- I can I do no more for poor Alexander, and this I young lady wants immediate attention." 1 And what of- How can we get Gilbert home " she asks, falteringly. "The waggonette will be here soon," answers her husband huskily, "Wildfiro tore past us at the black gate, splashed with blood, and gave me a hint to prepare for the I worst, so I sent Vie on to tell them to bring it to meet us. If it wasn't needed, then all I the better, I thought-there'd be no harm done." e " Come," ories Dr. Bilton, "every moment I is precious." "And Dot?" asks Mrs. Arcroft, "how is she to come ?" 1 " One of us will drive her," answers Mr. Arrorot, "here, Cotton, will you, as the a wife's taken your sent." " With pleasure," and in another minute we are off in the wake of the first buggy, F leaving the other two to guard the dead. "How came Wildfire to bolt, I wonder?" a I find voice to say at last. h "I can't imagine, took fright in some il way I suppose. He was always a nervous, irritable brute. Gilbert was often warned about him. Poor follow I what an awful o smashl" " He was killed at once, you think ?" *' Must have been-brains dashed out. It i was a terrible shook for poor Miss Stair." y " Yes, sele seemed quite dazed at first." "No wonder. It was enough to turn hor g brain 1 They were to be married in leas than a month, too." al "Yes," I reply, and recalling all poor Nanee's pretty preparations for the event, , her many little plans and happy anticipations ^ connected therewith, I burst into tears again, despite my efforts at sell-control, and sob it convulsively till we get to Sunnyside. CHAPTER XVIII. It Is the day of the funeral. The inquiry l is over-adjourned till Nanoe Is able to give her evidence. When that will be, if ever, it is hard to say, for she lies at death's door, the shook having afeoctd her brain. Alone at the window of my room I stand, li watching the sombre prooossion winding 5 slowly past, and great tears dim my eyes asl I1 look my last on the flower.covorod casket that P holds the remains of him who had proved himself a true friend to many, a faithful lover to one, and an upright gentloman to all. " Happy is the corpse that the rain falls on," I repeat to myself, as, just as the mourn. ing coach passes, a heavy shower begins, rendering almost invisible the sad face of Watty Langdon gazing out, and soon hiding the cortege from my view altogether. " God reas thee, Gilbert I thioo was an early end," I say softly, turning from the window to encounter Mrs. Arcroft, who, worn with grief an'd watching, had entered unheard, and caught my words. " Aye, Dot" she rejoins, "but now, as of old,' whom the gods love die young."' CHAPTER XIX. Eighteen months later, just two years after Freddie's death, I am sitting one wet, windy Saturday afternoon over the parlor. tire at Sunnyeido-for I am still teaching at Oamborough, having euocecded, by dint of arguments and entreaties, in gaining a feeble assent to my doing so from tbhe home folke- reading my share of the contents of the mail bag. Opposite sits Nance, not the gay, smiling, saucy girl of old, but a pale, grave, and-eyed woman in deep mourning; lovelier and more loveable than ever in my opinion-remind. ing me strongly of Ag, our "Homo Sun. shine," as mamma loved to call her, in her sweet, steadfast self-denial. " That's a big budget, Dot," she says, smilingly, pointing to a bulky opistle in my lap. "Yees; one of Ag's newspapers," I laugh, tearing it open. " She sends me fifteen pages sometimes, and not tivo lines of news in it all. Afraid I may feel lonely perhaps." , " And that's her thanks-a caustic oriti. cslm." Silence, I am deep in Ag's didactic para. graphs. No news in her letters, did I say'? Well, there is a piece in this that makes up for all past deficienoies. It "brings me up standing," as Via would say, in a moment, and not till I read it twice do I take it in. "What is it, dear, not bad news, I hope? 1 s'y Nloance, gently, but I only shake my head, a'td, gathering up my letters, rush off to my e room.' , TLern I read it again and again, and ask myself fifty times over, can it be true? Thei rune the extract that bewilders "An; now,, diear Dora, I have something a t' toll you that I am sure will surprise, but I v hope not displease you, though, knowiog your views on snoh matters, I feel very un certain about it, and shall eagerly await your reply, trusting itmay be favorable. At least, I know you will not judge me hastily, but patiently hear me through, and . generously take into consideration tho fact (so jealonesly guarded till now) that I loved him long before his engagement to Freddie. There, the secret is out, and, in indignation, I can see your astonished face, v Yes, dear sister, to briefly state what, doubt. less, you already guess, Lex has, asked me to a marry him, and I have said "Yes." It- was t only last night he spoke, so I am losing no time in letting you know, for Oh, dear Dora, t I long for your sympathy, and dread that your old, strong antipathy to a man's marry. q tog his deceased wife's sister may deprive me of it, and without it I shall be miserable. a Lot me combat, one by one, your chief oh. jeotions-I fancy I know them. First, with your strong affection for poor Freddie and prejudice against such marriages, it may p seem to you that I am selfishly supplanting her in Lex's love. That, dearest, I can never i do, she will always hold the first, best place in his heart; besides, I am lure she loved him tlo well for her to have wished him to lead (out of devotion to her memory) the wretched homeless-for, in the truest, sweetest sense b of the word, homeless he has been the last h two years-life he has been leading. It's un natural, and, granting that if a man marries again, who can so well supply their dear mother's place to his children, as that mother's sister ? Remember how dear we were to each l other, Dora; how inseparable always, and b you cannot for a moment think that I would a deliberately act a treacherous or unsisterly ii part towards her, especially seeing that in ai death she is dearer even to us all than ever. o Ah no I my dear sister, I am euro there is no a one she would choose before me to fill her n place in the lives of her dear ones. Now, to come to your second objection- ft the nearness of the relationship already ex. v isting; but, Doll, dear, it is only relationship n by marriage, and therefore, far less objection. a able than the tie between first and second T cousins, and how many of them marry? a But, already, I have trespassed on your d patience too far, so must deal with minor v objections again. How long have I known tl of Lex's intentions? you will ask. Not till b last night. I loved him long ago,as I told you, b but, on Frcddie's becoming his wife, looked o onmy love as a sin, and buried it deep in my a heart, flattering myself that I had stifled it, but his first words undeceived me. I love d him as deeply and truly as ever, and oh I I cannot consider my love a crime or a sin. Would God have gifted me with snouh a capa. re city for loving unalterably if it were ? I was J as surprised as you can be, when Lei spoke, 's and cannot yet imagine why he made me his a choice, unless, perhaps, littl Bruceo's affection te for me suggested it; the little fellow is very e fond of me, and I of him, as you know. God h, help me to do him justice ? ? .Mr. and Mrs. S- both seem pleased with ja the idea of my becoming their second O daughter. Papa commends it, and Vie is tt delighted, so dear Dora, only your approba. at lion is wanted to fill my oup of happiness to hi the brim. Let me hear it, sister, if you con. tl soientiously can. I covet your loving sym. sc pathy. Hoping to hear from you soon, with fond. w eat love and best wishes-your anxious sister, w As. P.S. No "outsiders" know of our en. d. gagement yet-no one I mean out of our two fa families, nor will they till I win you over to la my side-supposing you will not enlist on it be at onee, but that I hope and pray you pl will. A. Laying my head on the letter at last, after w puzzling over it vainly till I am tired, I burst at into bittor unreasonable tears. Yet are they sw so unreasonable? To me such marriages a5 have always seemed so objectionable, that is r5 it any wonder I cannot reconcile myself to se Ag's ? Presently the door opens and Nance softly enters. Slipping her arm round me,she whis- gr pere: w " Sharing a trouble with a true friend wi lightens it of half its load, Dot. Let me help h you to bear this, dear." be " Rlead that then," pointing out the para. as graph. "Vell what is your opinion?"I ask as ne he concludes. "That Dora Dunbar is the greatest little ooso I ever camoacrose," she smiles. "Why R are you grieving over this ?" de "There is something so repugnant about "And because ol your foolish prejadioe," she interrupts, "threo lives must be made ti miserable-Ag condemned to a meiserable old 1i maidenhood-for she'll never marry anyone fr elso--Lox doomed to lead his present lonely, bc loveless life, and poor little Ilruoco deprived of w the best substitute for his mother's love he el could have." " But Nuance-" di "'But mn no buts,'" she quotes, half. laughingly, half.serious, "I second all Ag says, and shall insist on your sending her he warmest sisterly congratulations by next lee post, What, stillhositating?" co "I can't help itl fanoy marrying one's brother.in.law.", "I'd sooner do that than marry my cousin," deolares Naneo, "Besides, she loved him before he became that. He is the one man in the world for her-her fate-her beaond self, or missing half, and yoen must not come between them. She deserves every happiness for her bravo self-denial. Think how hard it must have been for her to hide her pain; for she must have suffered keenly, during the days previous to hie marrying Freddie. Did you never suspect ?" "Never; though, after they left us, I found her crying bitterly, but I thought it was over losing Freddie. They were eo dear to eash other always." "All themore in favor of her marrying Lex. Freddie would sooner that than a stranger, and by-and.by, Dot, it would most likely come to that, for the majority of widowed ones roemarry sooner or later," she asserts, sagely. Some, as a aort of oompli meot to No. 1, a tribute to the memory of their past happy matrimonial essay; others to make up for not looking before leaping, hoping to do better the second time." "I shouldn't like Lex to marry a stranger for Bruce's sake," I admit, relent. antly. "No, of course not, Now set to, and write to Ag," settling my writing table before the fire, " and give her my fondest love, and very boet wishes," vanishing. "Mind, Dot," re. appearing for a moment, "e nic, long, loving, sympathotico letter." And I meekly obey, as far as possible, her orders, reaping my reward in a sense of con. tentment that possesses me as I proceed. "Any admission " ories Nance, an hour or more later, peeping in. "Yes. Tell me, will this do?" handing her my letter. "First-rate, your bark's worse than your bite, Dot ? Now put on your best bib and tuoker. Guess why ?" "No good at conundrums,"evasively. "Nor anything else;" with a gleam of her old gaiety. " Woll, ' Job's' hero." "Who's'Job'?" " Mr. Cotton. Is it a good name for him ? his patience is pathetic. Perhaps 'eJacob would be better?' Wasn't it. Jacob' served seven years for Bachel my memory Is defective." " Where dones the connection'ome In ?" "3Dhl I you deserve-but I'm wasting breath. Are you going to beautify?" "For Mr. Cotton's benefit-no," indiffer. ontly, consoious that the dark blue dress;I am wearing becomes me admirably. (; lbe coaninieed.).y 