THE NEW LOCKSLEY HaLL. Br Alfred Tes.vysox. L03KSLEY hall sixty years after. Late, raj* grandson, half the morning have I paced these sandy tracts, Watched again the hollow ridges roaring into caat racts ; Wandered back to living boyhood while I heard the curlew's call; I myself so close on death, and death itself in Locks* ley llall. So your happy suit was blasted—sho the faultless, the divine— And you liken—boyish babble—this boy love of yours with mine 1 t myself have often babbled, doubtless, of a foolish past. Babble, babble 1 Our old England may go dowu in babble at last. Curse him, curse your fellow-victim. Call him dotard in your rage. Eyes that lured a doting boyhood well might fool a dotard's age. Jilted for a wealthier; wealthier, yefc perhaps she was not wise; I remember how you kissed the miniature with those sweet eyes. In the Hall there hangs a painting/Aruy's arms about my neck, Happj* children in a sunbeam sitting On the ribs of wreck. In my life there was a pioture—she that olaspad my neck had flown ; I was left within the shadow, sitting on the wrock alone. Yours has been a slighter ailment. Will you sicken for her sake ? You ? Not you ? Your modern amourist is of easier, earthier make. Amy loved me, Amy failed me, Amy was a timid child : But jour Judith, hut your worldling—she had nerer driven me wild. She that holds the diamond necklace dearer than the golden ring, She that finds a winter sunset fairer than a mom of spring; She that in her heart is brooding on his briefer lease of life, While sho vows " till death shall partus," she the would-be widow-wifo. Sheathe worldling born of worldlings—father, mothen Be content. Eveo tho homely farm can teach us there is something in descent. Yonder in that chapel, slowly sinking now into the ground, Lies the warrior, my forefather, with his feet upon the hound. Crossed ioroncc, he sailed the sea, to crush the Moslem in his pride ; Head tho warrior, dead his glory, dead the cause in which he died. Yet how often 1 and Amy in the mouldering aisle have stood, Gazing for one pensive moment on the founder of our blood. There again 1 stood to-day, and where of old we Knelt in prayer, Close beneath the easement crimson, with the shield of Locksley there. All in white"Italian marble, looking still as if the smiled, Lies my Amy, dead in childbirth ; dead the mother ; dead the child. Dead, and sixty years ago ; and dead her aged hus band now. I, this old, white-headed dreamer, stooped And kissed her marble brow. Gone, 'the fires of youth, the follies, furies, curses, passionate tears; Gone like fires, and floods, and earthquakes of the planets' dawning years. Fires that shook me once, but now to silent ashes fallen away, Cold upon the dead volcano sleeps the gleam of dying days Gone, the tyrant of my youth, and mute below the chancel stones, All his "virtues"—I forgive them—black in white above his bones. Gone, the comrades of my bivouac, some in fight against the foe, Some through age and slow diseases, gone as all on earth will go. Gone, with whom for forty years my life in golden sequence ran, She, with all the charm of woman; she, with all the breadth of man ; Strong in will and rich in wisdom; Edith loyal, lowly, sweet, Feminine to her inmost heart, and feminine to her tender feet; Very woman of very woman ; nurse of ailing body and mind; She that linked again the broken chain that bound me to my kind. Here to-day was Amy with "me while 1 wandered down the coast, Near us Edith's holy shadow smiling at the slighter ghost. Gone, our sailor son, thy father Leonard, early lost At sea. Thou alone, my boy, of Amy's kin and mine art loft to me. Gone, thy tender-natured mother, wearying to be left alone. Fining for the stronger heart that once had beat beside her own. Truth—for Truth is Truth—he worshipt, being true as he was1,brave ; Good—for Good is Good—he followed, yet ho looked beyond the grave ; Wlier there than you that, crowuing barren Death as lord of all, Deem this over-tragic drama's.closing- curtain is the pall. Beautiful was death in him who saw the death but kept the deck, •Saving women and their babes and ainking with the sinking wreck. Gone forever—ever ? So 1 For since our dying raco began, Ever, Ever, and Forever was the leading light of mam Those that in barbarian burials killed tbe slave and clew the wifo Felt within themselves the sacred passion of the second life. Indian warriors dream of ampler hunting-grounds beyond the night; Even the black Australian, dying, hopes he shall return a white. Truth for truth and good for good 1 Be good. The true, the pure, the just Take the charm forever from thorn and they crurablo into dust. Gone, the cry of Forward, Forward I lost within a growing gloom, Lost, or only hoard iu silence from the silence of tomb ; Half the man-els cf my morning triumphs over time and space, Staled by frequence, shrunk by usage into commonest commonplace, Forward rang the voices then, and of the many mine Let us hush this cry of Forward till ten thousand years have gone. Far among the vanished races old Assyrian kings would flay Captives whom they caught in battle, Iron-hearted victors they; Ages alterwhlle, in Asia, he that led the wild 'Moguls, Timur, built his ghastly tower of eighty thousand humau skulls. Thsn and here' in Edward's time, an age of noblest English natnes,' Christian conquerors took and flung the conquered Christian into flames. Love your enemy, bless your haters, said the Greatest of the great; Christian love among the churches looked the twin of heathon hate. From the golden alms of blessing man had coined himself a curse ; Home of C;esar, Home of Peter—which was crueler, which was worse ? France had shown a light to ail men ; preached a gos pel all men's good. Ccltio Demos rose a demon, shrieked, and stayed the light with blood. Hope was ever on her mountain watching till the day 'begun, Crowned with sunlight over darkness from the aUU unrisen sun. Have rre grown at last beyond the passions of the pri mal clan ? Kill your enemy, foryou hate him? Still, your enemy was a man. Have wo sunk below them 1 Peasants maim the help* less horse, and drive Innocent cattle under thatch and burn the kindlier brutes alive. Brutes I The brutes are not your wronger!, burnt at midnight, found at morn, Twisted hard in mortal agony, with their offspring born unborn •Clinging to the silent mother, Aro we devils? Are we men ? Sweet St Francis of Asisii—would that he were here again; He that in his catbolio wholeness used to call the very flowers Sisters, brothers, and the beasts whose pains are hardly less than ours. Chaos, cosmos! Cosmos, chaos 1 Who can tell how all will end ? Read the wide world's annals, you, and take their wisdom for your friend, Hope the beet, but hold the Present, fatal daughter of the Past; ■Shape your heart to front tho hour, but dream not that the hour will last. Ay, if dynamite and revolver leave you courage to bo Envy wears tho mask of love, and, laughing sober fact to scorn. Cried to weakest as to strongest: "Ye are equals, equals horn." Equal born? Oh, yes, if yonder hill bo level with the flat;] Charm us, orator, till Die lion look no larger than the k cat; Till the cat, through that mirage of overheated lan* guago loom Larger than the lion, Demos, end in working its own doom. 1 Russia bursts our Indian barrier. Shall we fight her? Shall we yield 1 Pause before you sound the trumpot. Hear the voices from the field. Those three hundred millions under one imperial sceptro now. Shall we hold them ? Shall we loose them ? Take the suffrage of the plough ? Hay, but these would feel and follow truth, if only • you anil j*ou— aiyals of realm-ruining party—when you speak w ere wholly true. Ploughmen, shepherds have I found, and more than once and still could find, Sons of Cod, and kings of men, in utter nobleness of mind, Truthful, trustful, looking upward to the practiced • hustings liar; So the hifrher wields the lower, while the lower is the higher.. Here and there a cotter's babe is royal-bom by right divine. p Here ami there my lord is lower than his oxen or his swine; Chaos, cosmos I Cosmos, cbaos ! Onco again the sickening game, Freedom free to slay herself, and dying while they shout her name. Step by step we gained a freedom known to Europe, known to all; Step by step we rose to greatness; through the tongucstcrs we may fall. You that woo the voices tell them old Experience is a fool ; Teach your flattered kings that only those who can not read can rule ; Pluck the mighty from their seat, but sot no meek ones hi their place ; Pillory Wisdom in your markets; pelt your offal at her face ; Tumble Mature heels o'er head, and yelling with the yelling street. Set the feet above tho brain, and swear the brain is in the feet; Bring the old dark ages back without tho faith, without the hope ; Break the state, the church, the throne, and roll their ruins down the slope. Author, atheist, essayist, novelist, realist, rhymester, play your part; Paint the mortal shame of nature with the living hues of art; Rip your brothers' vices open ; strip your own foul passions bare; Down with reticence, down with reverence, "for ward," naked let thein stare; Feed the budding rose of boyhood with the drainage of your sewer, Send the drain into the fountain lest thestream should issue pure, Set the maiden fancies wallowing in the trough of Zolaism ; Forward, forward, ay, and backward, downward, too, into the abysm. Do 3*our best to charm the worst, to lower the rising race of men. ITave we risen from out the beast? Then hack into the beast again 1 Only dust to dust for mo that sicken at your lawless Dust iu wholesome old- world dust before the newer world begin. Heated am 1 ? You, you wonder. Well, it scarce be comes mine age ; Patience ! let the dying actor mouth his last upon the stauc ; Cries of unprogressive dotage ere the graybeard fall asleep ; Noises of n current narrowing, not the music of a deep. Ay ! For doubtless I am old,and think gray thoughts, for I am gray. After all the stormy changes shall wo find a changeless May? After madness, after massacre, Jacobinism, and Jac querie, Soma diviner force to guido us through tho days I shall not see, When the schemes and all the systems, kingdoms, and republics fall. Something kindlier, higher, holier—all for each and each for all? All the full-brain, half-brain races led by armistice, love and truth? All the millions one at length, with all the visions of my youth ? All diseases quenched hy science, no man halt, or deaf, or blind ; Stronger ever born of weaker, lustier body, larger mind? Earth at last a warless world ; a single race, a single tongue ? I have seen her far away, for is not earth as yet so young? Every tiger-madness muzzled* every serpent-passion killed, Every grim ravine a garden, every blazing desert tilled V Robed in universal harvest up to citherpole shesniiles; Universal ocean softly washing all her warless isics. Warless when her tens are thousands, and her thou sands millions then ; All her harvests all too narrow—who can fancy war less men? Warless war will die out late ; then will it ever, late or soon ? Can it tiJI this outworn earth be dead as von dead world, the moon i Dead the new astronomy calls her. On this day, and at this hour. In this gap between the sand-hills, whence you i the lockslcy Tower, Here we met our latest meeting, Amy, sixty years ago, She and I, The moon was falling greenish through a rosy glow, Just above the gateway tower, and even where you see her now. Here we stood and clasped each other, swore the seeming deathless vow. Dead ? But how her living glory lights the hall, the ilune, the grass. Yet the moonlight is the moonlight, and the sun him self will pass. Venus near her, smiling downward at this earthlier earth of ours Closer on the sun, perhaps a world of never-fading flowers. Ilesper, whom the poet called brintrer home of all good things— | All good things may move in Ilesper, perfect peo | pies, perfect kings. Ilesper, Venus, were we native to that splendor, or in Mars, I We should see the globe we groan in fairest of their . evening stars. Could we dream of wars and carnage, craft and mad ness. lust ami spite, . Roaring London, raving Paris, In that p©h»tur peaco< fill light? Might we not in glancing heavenward on a star6C silver fair Yearn and clasp the lumls and murmur : Would to God that wc were there ? Forward, backward—backward, forward—in the measurable sea, Swayed by vaster ebbs and flows than can bo known to jou or mc. All the suns—are these but symbols of iunumerablo man, Man or mind that sees a shadow in the Planner or the plan ? Is there evil but on earth ? Or pain in every peopled sphere ? Well, be grateful for the sounding watchword, Evolu tion, here. Evolution, ever climbing after some ideal good, And Reversion, ever dragging Evolution in tho mini. What are men that He should heed us ? cried the king of sacred song— Insects of an hour that hourly work their brother insects wrong, While the silent heaven# roll, and suns along their fiery way, All their planets whirling round them flash a million miles a day. Many an icon moulded earth before her.highest i was born ; Many an ;uou, too, may pass when earth is mauless and forlorn ; KarU), so huge and y et so bounded, pools of salt and plots of land, Shallow skin of green and azure, chains of mountains, grains of sand. Only that which made us meant us to be mightier by and by. Set the sphere of all the boundless heavens within the human eye ; Sent the shadow of Himself, the Boundless, through the human soul, Boundless inward iu the atom, Boundless outward in the whole. Here Is Lockslcy Hall, my grandson, here the lion guarded gate. .Not'to-night in Lockslcy Ifall, to-uiorrow you, you come so late. Wrecked your train, or all but wrecked, a shattered wheel, a vicious boy. Good this " Forward." You that preach it, is it well to wish you joy ? Is it well that while we range with science, glorying in the time, City children soak and blacken soul and sense in city slime ? There among the glooming alleys Progress halts on palsied feet. Crime and Hunger cast our maidens by the thousand on the street; There the master scrimp3 his haggard sempstress of her daily bread ; There a single sordid attic holds the living and tho dead; There the smouldering firo of fever creeps across the rotted floor, And tho crowded couch of incest, iu the warrens of the poor. Nay, your pardon. Cry your "Forward yours are hope and youth ; but I— Eighty winters leave the dog too lame to follow with the cry. Lame, aud old, and past his time, ana passing into the night, Yet I would the rising race were half as eager for the light. Light the fading gleam of even, light the glimmer of the dawn ; Aged eyes* may take the growing glimmer for the gleam withdrawn. Par away hcvond her myriad coining changes earth will bo Something other than the wildest modern guess of you and me. Earth may reach her earthly worst, or if she gain her earthly beat, AVouId she Gnd her humau offspring—this ideal man —at rest ? Forward, then ; but still remember how the course of time will swerve, Crook, and turn upon itself in many a backward streaming curve. Not the hall to-night, my grandson ; death and silence hold their own. Leave the master in the First dark hour of his last sleep alone. Worthier soul wan he than I am, sound and hones rustic squire. Kindly andlord, boon companion Youthful jea* I0US3' is a liar. Cast the poison from your bosom! Oust the uiad* ness from your brain ! Let the tangled serpent show you that you have not lived in vain. Youthful youth and age arc scholars, yet hut in the lower school. Not is he the wisest man who never proved himself a fool. Yonder lies our young sea village—art and grace are Jess and Jess; Science grows ami beauty dwindles—roofs of slated hideousness. There is one old hostel left us where they swing the Locksley shield Till the peasant cow shall butt the liou passant from his field. Poor old Heraldry, poor old History, poor old Poetry passing hence, In the common deluge drowning old political com* mon sense. Poor old voice of eighty crving after voices that have fled ; All I loved arc vanished voices : all my steps are 011 the dead. All the world Is ghost tome, and, as the phantom disappears, Forward far and far from here is all the hope of eighty years. in this hostel I remember—I repent it o'er Jus grave— Like a clown—by chance he met me—I rofused the hand he gave From that casoinent where the trailer mantles all the mouldering bricks— I was then in early boyhood, Edith buta child of six While I sheltered in this archway from a day of driving showers, Passed thewinsomc face of Edith, like a flower among the flowers. Here to-night, the hall to-morrow. When they toll the chapel bell Shall I hear In one dark room a wailing, "I have loved thee well 7* Then a peal that shakes the portal 1 One has come ! to claim his bride, | Ilor that shrank and put me from her, shrieked, and | started from my side ? i Silent echoes ! You, my Leonard, use and not abuse your day; I More amon<j your people, know thera ; follow him I who led the way, | Strove for sixty widowed years to help his homelier brother men, \ Served the poor and built the cottage, raised the i school and drained the feu. I Hears he now the voice that wronged him ? Who shall swear it can not be ? Earth would never touch her worst were one in fifty : such as he. 1 Ere she gain her heavenly rest a God must mingle with the game ; I Nay, there may be those about us whom we neither | see nor name, Felt within us as ourselves, the powers of good, the j powers of ill, I Strowiug balm or shedding poison in the fountains of the will. Follow you the star that lights a desert pathway, yours or mine. Forward 1 till you see the highest—human nature is divine. Follow light and do the right—for man can half com trol his doom— TiH you find the deathless angel seated in the vacant tomb. Forward 1 Let the stormy moment fly and mingle with the past 1, that loathed, have come to love him; love will con* queratthe last. Gone at citrhty ; mine own ago, aud I and you will bear the pall. Then I leave thee lord and master, latest lord of Locksley Hall, 