SP« fflIMi. [FROM GREVILLEA TELEGRAM Co.] SYDNEY. Wednesday, received 12,40. Tho Attorney-General is expected to return from Brisbane to-day. I At a banquet to Ministers, on their visit to Broken ' Hill, the Minister of Justice Baid he did not know that the surplus foreshadowed by the Treasurer in his financial statement would be realised this year. Howover, he thinks the country is on tho. eve of a | boom of prosperity. He alBO said with the last breath in his body he was prepared to deny he had any pecuniary interest, direct or indirect, in tho I salo of the Circular Quay frontage, and he would I brand as an arrant coward the man who would malign the character of another in such circum- stances, and the man who in aligned hi m was afraid to to meeta lady who came to the lobby of tho House to chastise him for slandering her huBband. He was the man who slandered Mr. Dibbs, whose boots he was not fit to black. Some of the evidence given before the Select Committee to inquire into the law for the regulation of the practice of medicine in the colony has been published. It contains some extraordinary dis- closures. One Sydney specialist, who sent to America for his diploma, Baid he had retired from practice, and was worth ¿3100,000! According to an agreement between the different Intercolonial Steamship Companies, the rates for freight and passage money were yesterday in- creased. Tho railway authorities are considering the ad vi8ableness of fitting goods trains with the con- tinuous automatic brake. It is probable the idea will bo carried into effect. One of the Chinese Commissioners at Cooktown yesterday expressed himself very strongly against the injustice of the proposed, ¿£100 poll tax, and said if it were enforced by the Queensland Govern- ment, his Government would retaliate by revision of the treaty. Received 4.40 afternoon. A meeting of suburban Mayors was held last night in the Council Chambers, Camperdown, who decided that a deputation should wait upon the Premier to urge the necessity cf granting a further sum of 5s in the pound UB an endowment to Muni- cipal Districts. Since the new Patents Act came into force, 50 applications for registration of inventions have been received. The Murrumbidgee at Gundagai rose 5 feet on Monday evening ; it is now IG feet above summer level. The Full Court delivered a somewhat important judgment yesterday in Turnerand others v. McCabe touching responsibility on the part of holders of promissory notes to give the makers due notice of diahonor. The court came to the conclusion that in ' the case under consideration the defendant being entitled to receive notice of dishonour, the plaintiffs could not fall back upon the original consideration. It was well established that the con8equence of neglect of notice is that the party to whom it ahould have been given ia discharged from all liability, whether on the note or on the consideration for which the note was paid. Since the deputation of architects waited upon the Colonial Secretary, in reference to the condi tions attached to the competition for designa for the State House, Sir Henry Parkes has been con- sidering suggestions by the deputation, and intends to issue a revised list of conditions. The revised conditions will not contain all the amend- ments which the deputation suggested, out will Micct the views of the Association of Architects, as far as Sir Henry Parkes after deliberation considers it is right for him to go. i Received 7.8. p.m. On the wharvea this morning there was a large Stock of Hunter River lucerne hay forward ; prime, ¿33 to ¿!3 5s ; other kinds, 20s to 50s ; maize, 3s 3d to 3s 4d; feed oats, 2s 6d; seed oats, 2s to 2s 3d; barley, 3s 3d ; bran and pollard, 8Jd to. 9d ; Circular Head potatoes, ¿32 10s to ¿32 15s ; Launceston, X2 5s; New Zealand, ¿32 9s to ¿32 10s ; Melbourne onions, ¿33 5s j Hobart Swede turnips, ¿33 ; butter keg Is 3d, factory Is 3d to Is 5d ; eggs, Is to Is 2d ; cheese-colonial 3d to 5d, New Zealand 4d to Cd ; bacon, Gd to Gd ; honey, 3d to 5d ; beeBwax, lOd to Is. General Schaw is busily engaged on his investi- gation of the state of'our defences. So far he has been conducting his inquiries alone. A case against Murray, a Queensland digger, and Hannah Mullins, for having an illicit still in their houso near the Haymarket, was dismissed. There was no evidence that accused owned the still or occupied the houso. .The inquest on the Penrith ghost case resumed I this morning, and was further adjourned till Mon- day. The medical men still say the bones found are human. A gold Teef found three miles from Cobar has caused great excitement. Land is being secured by old miners all along the course of tho reef. The Orient, with English mails, arrived at Ade- laide this morning. The Sydney portion of her mails should reach here on Friday. Charles alias Captain Jenkins, solicitor of the High Court of Chancery, and an officer in the 19th Hussars, pleaded guilty to-day to obtaining goods by false pretences and was sentenced to BÍX months, and remanded on a charge of forging the name of a Victorian squatter. He has already served a sentence in Pentridge. Received 10.30 p.m. t Apprehensions of a serious flood are entertained at Albury. At noon to-day, the Murray River reached a height of 13 feet C inches, and is still Í rising. The German war squadron sailed for Samoa this afternoon, 