AN APPARITION IN THE GREAT WINTER PALACE, ST. PETERSBURG. ' {San Fraiwisco Call.) It is a woll-known fact that St. Potoi'sburg owee sovernl of its most mugnificuut edifices to tho Empross Uliiiabetl], duuglitiir of Pstor tho Groat and Cathorino tlio First. She provnilod. upon Connt Rastrclli, tlio first architect of-, the 18 th century, to como to 8t. Petersburg, and undor hiB infltruetion the Winter Palaco, tho lOscuriui of the North, was built. While the AVinter Palaco was in procoas of .constrnction Elizabeth occupied a emoll palaco—Boifiohoi- Morskoi — situated in tlio broad avenue bordering on tho son. Tho building esisls no longer. It onco Btood on tho identic*! spot — a fnct which is not known ovon to all i'otor.ibnrgianR — where Iho Frenchman Jacot has now built his immense houso. When tho Winter Palnoo was finished the Empress appointed a day for talcing posses sion of it ; nnd tlio elif.o of tho Guards, a corps which was composed entirely of lioblo men, pionnted guard in tho now castle. A long, dork-corridor loads lo tbo middlo door of tho White or Tlirono Room. In the cor ridor two young noblemen wero posted. It was approaching 10 o'clock and tho arrival of tho Empress was momentarily oxpcctod. Suddenly tlio attention of the young men wus attracted by u bright strenk of light, whicll'-'se'emcd'to guide between tlioni in tlio darkpassngo. Their eyes followed tho light, and tliey saw that it streamed through the koyholq; of the iThrone-room, ' Who could hkvc1, 'any business at, such an unueunl in a room which was designed only for the rccon tion of foreign nmbnssailors ? Ono of tho young men considered il liis duty to investi gate tho mutter, and approachod tho door, for the purp'osijV. b'ut'nB soon as lie had glanced through tho keyhole ho called to his comrade in a wliftpW; to come nearer. ' ' Tho Empress lias already .arrived,' whis pered^he j/.'J'she lis seated- oil the throne, directly opposite tlio door.' The other also looked through . the apertu'n? arid 'soon verified 'this to be a fact. Tho Em press was seated in tranquil dignity on an elevated golden stool under tho rod velvot ennopy, richly adorned with tho imperial arms of Russia, tho doublo eoglo . : ?tfhe 'room was brilliantly lighted, bnt it was impos'sible toiosoertain if any other persons were .present, as the thickness of tho door lock allowotl no side-viow of the apartment. The young men returned to thoir posts and . waited. Not long aflor ono of the higher ' officers apponred and.snid : ' Y u can all now retire ; tho Empress will not come to. night, ; , ri ' I5uthor\M(ij esty';iB already -here,' 'What? Who?' ' Her Majesty is in tho Throne-room.,' '.'impossible i I'HO- \ '''You can see for yourself.' , The officer looked, immedintely. reeognized tho Empross, and. said; won'deringly' : ' I cannot understand what the Marshal means. He has just nriivod.aud ordored that aU tho guards bo withdrawn ; the Empress haa changed _lier mind, and will not arrive to-night. Nqyertholess I see that she ib hero. Oould'^sh'o have c'ime secretly ? At all events I will ascertain whatpew; ordorsithe Marshal hasfi^snedl'' ;'Mbnhwhile do ?ou remain hero, as the. Empress may.pass this way.' The Marshal,' :Priuco Knrotin, was fortunately still in(,the palace, nnd as soon as ho heard of the 'mysterious report, hastened to tho corri dor, 'and peeped in his turn ihrongh'tho key hole.''' '' ','My 'G'od 1 It is tho Empress ! Hor Ma jesty 'hersolf I VV hat can it mean ?' oxcl'aim'ed he. ' How can this be possiblo, when I have just left her prosonco? She was dressed in her usual evory day -Mire, and now' I see her arrayed in all hor royal robes und jewels. . There must bo some mystery ' boliind;ithiE. -Lot all tho - entrances to tho Throne-room bo guurded. Let no ouo be allowed to go in nud out. I will hasten to report.' The distance between the two houses boing short the Marshal soon reached the small pulaco temporarily occupiod by the Emprosb,.^;) :V,; i.' ' W'hero'is tlto- Empross ?' I ' In her sleeping upartment.' The Prince looked at tho; Lady of Honor with suspicion and said sharply ; ' Are you snro the Empress is horo ?' , ' Of course ; she is preparing to',! retire,' ' Inform her instantly tfiatrEanf^H'er&-''' In a fow minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, w.as c.oudpctod - 1 into, the Empreas' i chatuber.^iliojEtnpross sip'p.d before htm ia night negligee. ' \y.oU'' flaitl theiEmpross,'' you' look as if you had seen a ghost. .What in heaven's name is the matter 'with you ? 'Is' thoro* any news from tho army ?' Kuralin hurriedly stated what ho had seen. . — 1 ' v ' It is ti lcnnvish trick,' cried Elizabeth. ' We will^tnke' a^nenrer look at:thes(3 come-' dinns. I*^w.iH go in your sleigh, Kuratin ; you can mount, behind. IlurryJ' Arrived at the Winter Palaco, tho cas tellan was ordered to bring tho koy of tho Throne-room y.v'six (grenadiers were com manded loiid:. their' guus, and, lod by tho EmprosB, tho littlo troop betook themselves to the corridor. Tbo light 6hone as before through the keyhole. The. door was cautiously opened and a' flood of light filled the corridor. The Empress stepped within tho room, followed by her six guards, who piaced thomselves around her. Tho room was brilliantly illu minated, bat empty. On tlio tlirono was seated a shape, the counterpart of Elizabeth, arrayedMn-purple nnd ermine, covored with One instant Elizabeth gnzod steadfastly on lier double, llion moved forward u fow stops. Simultaneously the apparition stood up, stepped down from tho tlirono and then ro mainqd^, 'standing as immovably still as the Empress. It was a thrilling moment ! ' Firo !' cried tho Empress. The guards raised; their 1 guns, und all six aimed directly ni'the'ghost'y visitant. Tho triggers snapped. At tho samo instant the figure clapped its hau ls togother, and tho room was suddenly plunged iuto iutense darkness. Then followed a great; commotion and confusion, whilo tho Empross callod. ' Bring lights !' Lights were speedily produced, and oach corner was thoroughly searched; but abso lutely nothiiigcould be found to elucidate the uiystory. - Every door was lockod nnd guuriluil. The guards had soen no ouo leave tho puluco. Tho Empress ordored a moro thorough search to be made, but in vain woro ull efforls made to discovor tlio perpetrator of tho trick, if trick it wore. Tl e occurrence had.mndo a doepor impres. sion on Elizabeth. '? than sho yvonld ndmii. Eight weeks afterward 'sho died.!...' Tho ? Emperor Nicholas once hoard this strange occurrence related, with the supple ment that it una i inscribed' in the ' Fonrir ? o k s. Si fi bti the'roign of Poterv'-i;! 'there exists the regulation thut those very, service able books Bhould contain an uccurate account of all events that take place at court. ' Evorything that tho Etnporors did, ordered all expodilions. attdioncos, oven, if possible, every oral command and ovory uttoranco of anv importance, was written in these books, which custom having existed during 175 yoars, those books form a well propared library and a precious mine for history. Tlie Emperor Nicholas ordored that this remarkable story should bo smirched for in those books, but nothing relating to it was found inscribed therein. 