ANTS' NESTS IN THE TROPICS. The thing which gives the peculiar character to the Northern Territory (writes the Rev. Julian K. Tennison Woods in the S. M. Herald) is the termites' or white nnta' nestH, which are so nlauuinnt, lnrjre, and irregular. Hnving read so much abi-ut them, I was prepared for a good deal, but not for what I saw, an-l I believe no country in the world can vie with Australia in the prodigies here manifested by these insects. I paid a good deal of attention to them, but re gretted that I could not give up some special time to the study, for certainly they are a wonder of the world. Just imagine, for instance, the ground for hundreds of square, miles covered every few yards with a pile like a cluster of columns in a gothic cathedral, some 16 ft. high and Oft. or 8ft. thick ! Or again, a series of slate-coloured slabs, like gravestones, some 8ft. high and a few inches thick, and with their thin edges exactly north and south. Add to this the juvenile lermites' nests, the rounded or bull termites' nests, the tree termites' nest, and no doubt many more, and then you will form nn idea of what the reality is. I- noticed five or six principal kinds of nests. There were the large, or, as I call them, the columnar nests, where tons of soil have been lifted into the air and form a most extraordinary sight They thickly throng the scene with rigid life-like or ghost-like figures, and some of them are not without pretensions to architectural beauty. One feels inclined to ask at each step who built them ? Were they Druids, or fire- worshippers, or what? And when were they built? For some look aa old and as hoary as the pyramids, and some have long since been aban doned, and have fallen down into decay. They are generally pale yellowish, with red ones here and there, formed and fashioned of the earth on which they rest. They are all honeycombed and hollow, but very tough, nnd full of small frag ments ot wood and gross. No termites are visible on the outside, at least in the daytime. The insect works only at night, and ia totally blind. The 'magnetic' ants; as they are called, con struct slab-like nests, with their edges north and south. These make the ground where they occur look like a thriving cemetery. The nests are of a slate colour, no matter what the nature of the soil on which they rest. I never saw the insfC. nor do I know how they feed. They are only found near the coast, and are not widely spread. Another kind builds pinnacles, some 3ft. to Oft lush— frail tenements for storing chopDPd gras« — i easily broken or capsized. Many of them nr. tennnted now by copper-coloured ants ('wa'k about'), who have boldly ejected the builders The termiteents hay like ahorse ; he builds his ncsr with grains of sand andsomethingnlse, the whnlt beintr glued together with another something, mnking a hard cement, which is almost fireproof. Another kind build in the trees, carefully making a covered way to a fork on the north side of the tree, to which he conveys prodigious quantities of black earth, utterly regardless of the sus taining power of the trunk, hence much occa sional discomfort to the heedless passer-by and Ios8 to the termite, who thus, loses 'baby, cradle, and all.' Another termite gives a spherical turn to the successive stages of its nest, especially to the upper portion, so that it it is not unlike n , pile of stone balls, or having an odd resemblance to the human figure. We noticed these peculiar nests in the stony ranges of the Catherine River. These are built to a large size. In some places there are miles and miles of country with these or similar large nnt-hills covering the ground thickly, say every few yards. I do riot know how far they extend into the interior. 