WAFTED UPON THE WIND. (a strange clue.) (Jawald declares that I saved him. I write the story of the most momentous episode in bis life and mine, in order that this generous delusion may once for all be corrected, and that others at l«.«i —for he is obstinate— may understand how slender and fortuitous was my share iu that singular deliverance. It seems to me that my narrative will gain in clear ness and in coherence, if I begin with" the day on which I first made Oswald Wardonr's acquaintance. I had arrived at Charing Cross alone and unattended, except by my msid. The friends with whom I had wintered in Borne had paused at Folkestone, to re cover from the effects of a somewhat rongh Channel passage; while I had dAA to keep to the letter the promise made in my last homeward despatch from Paris. I was suffering in no degree from mod de mar, though the immunity is small credit to an admiral's daughter, and I longed to be at rest once more in the quiet haven of the sombre house in Lincoln Square. It was my expectation that upon the arrival platform I should find iu waiting either my uncle or Mr. Hollinsworth, his chief clerk. But I was subject to dis appointment I scanned the many dif ferent groups of bystanders in vain, and was just confiding to a porter information on the topic of luggage, when a young man, whom I had observed inspecting the compartments nearer to the engine, advanced andlifted his hat 'Miss Crate I believe V he said. 1 I was' taken aback, for the speaker was a stranger to me, and I marvelled not uuv me ousmess might be, but how he obtained the secret of my identity. He was tall and well built, with fair curly hair, and gray-bine eyes es frank and genial in their expression as the Bum mer sunshine. I am afraid I was frigid and haughty in my affirmative, which in turn was an interrogation. ' I have come,' he said, « in response to to the wish of Mr Geoffrey Craig. Oar principal has an engagement in Lombard- street at this hour which he is reluctant ly compelled to fulfil; and Mr Hollins worth is unfortunately invalided. You will permit me to see to your luggage, Miss Craig?' He was one of my uhcle'e staff, then a newcomer. ' Thank you so much.; I shall be extremely obliged,' I answered. My uncle's carriage was iu readiness upon that point at least I need have -en tertained no doubts. When seated within it, I soon learned from .iny companion that his name was Oswald Wardour. He was deferential, but it was the deference of one bred to habits of courtesy. There was neither presumption nor servility in his manner. He was self-possessed and unassuming. Simply a clerk! It was! hard to believe it. Iu my not very ex tended travels, I had met many a wealthy and titled individual who, to all outward seeming, was less deserving of the title gentleman. Even in the first hoar of reunion with my dear uncle and guardian, X somehow found opportunity to turn the conversation in the direction of his messenger. He rallied me. with the slightly elephantine mirth which I knew so be a sign of bis content at my reappearance. ' Yon are as much a daughter of Eve as when yon teased your father to let you see the ciockword that moved the ship's com pass ! Ha, ha ! It was a favourite joke with Ferdinand, poor fellow ' — the laugh turned into a sigh. — ' And War- dour has bewildered your girlish wits, has he 1 Well, what the surface shows is neither more nor less than the fact. He looks like a gentleman, and he talks like one ; and he fs one. Hie family Is a branch of the Leicestershire Wardeura They have been rich in their day ; but a lawsuit has come on the beria of other disasters, and left Oswald — their last representative — with but a barren patri mony—barren in the literal sense of the word, for it mainly consists of a few hnudredacres of miserable half- reclaimed laud somewhere in the north. I still wondered why it was that the young man had not preferred an open ing in some profession, to the drndgery and humble status of a desk in a ship- broker's office, and I made some careless remark of the kind. A momentary shade of disapproval rested upon my uncle's countenance. By implication, thongh quite inadver tently, I had reflected npon his own choice of a career. ' Let me tell yon that, in my opinion, Wardonr has acted wisely,' he said. 'Mercantile pursuits are as deserving of honour and respect as any others, and they more frequently lead to competence; Wardour has gone the right way to work in his effort to' conquer fortune by the exchange of law for trade;' Here was a supplemental disclosure. The young man's ambition had at one time soared to what in my heart of hearts I fear I still regarded as a higher level. With an apology, perhaps a little wanting in candour on my part, the tab turned into another channel. hub, as x nave rumen, was wife commencement of the reproduction ofja story old yet ever new. What woman can commit to -cold, callous paper. the record of ber wooing,' m'eren breathe the cherished secret in the earsof her bosom friend f I at .least should find the task impoeribla It is enough fo state briefly that dudng the lengthening days of that blissful spring, Dswaldaud I met often, at first casually,' isnff then of design; that feelings of mutual in terest deepened into regard ; andfeef<e either of na knew, it had nndWgone.jw another and more momentous -feyoiutiaK and had become-4bve.' - Theawakemig was brought about by drcumstan one which threatened toquench in miserable gloom the stroggtingflmma _ . . .-J It is necessary to explain something of the architecture and v wterior H»pge- ments of the qnalnt, building. There - is akbadinon thai lour house, at-the uo. iSTDM was once the home iM EIis most famous txmfiiefB. ' ;iw.hne;of.ihe few in the City still possessing hjgagljjn — s green gem iia 'the gtlqi, nnsigntiy setting of ; encircling htibta gjDcar. The nWjntfaj&enBef; miss8 occupied an entire anammoaiopB suite of rooms 'jOprxiMr'_.oT'tpp edifice. They ante emremUy>oiMyidad, and madeSisti section of BaWgh HDUBe, wdnch-ffor fortyyeare'iD residence. y ' Theto conservatory, ;whjch was devoted to my own us?. In it I set qp my easel and gave free tew to tth.iothmdasm for art which my at«y in Borne had quickened ; tor+i for Mr- Hollins- worth and Oswald Wairdour to leave the coun Ung.house from "the rear— they were «®ndi,1g in their Ireje by the trusted butler, a man who had been in my nncle'e employ for a ra centn,y> 40 Paw under the windows of my stqdo to the gate at the tod of the broad path. I trust that this will make plain the happening of that which next I have to relate. It was excessively close for the last week of May— there was surely thunder m the air. I was tired of paioting, and I had retreated from the elowly slanting blase of sunlight which had crept half- r , J "MOI> > « enaay corner behind the screen that masked the entrance to the conservatory. The steps I knew so well soon sounded on the asphalted path without The window was open, and I heard voices in earnest debate. Oswald had looked furtively iu, and fancied the room was vacant, while 1 smiled in my roguish mischief at his error— a smile that quickly faded. Fes, it is « round two hundred that I need, and that, by hook or by crook, X must have. Can you accommodate roe at a pinch, Hollinsworth ?' Oswald said. had halted ; and in my own despite I was forced to play eavesdropper, to hear, with tingling cheeks, my own name brought into the discussion. ' Possibly I can. But you must answer a question before I give yon a definite decision.' said the senior nlorlr to smooth tones, that somehow made me shiver. 'Do I argue correctly from observation in believing that you are aiming at high game, Wardonr — that you propose to win the hand of Miss Bertha Craig f Plainly, Oswald hesitated. My poor foolish heart seemed to cease its beating, awaiting the reply. At last it came, io an outburst of tempestuous passion. The incoherent syllables revealed the speaker's agitation : «'You have — divined — verystrangely — I regret it — my secret. I love Bertha. You are the first to hear the confession.' He little guessed that he had two listeners. It will go no further, I am convinced, from your lips, Hollinsworth.— What bearing has this on iny request J' The other gave a dry cough. 'The fact constitutes a sort of security, don't yon see I' he said. - They.. had resumed their progress towards the gate. I was alone with my new-found joy. My heart went out yearningly in a fullaud free response. Oswald should ask but to have. Yet even at this stage there were storm-clouds on the horizon. My uncle, who for so mauy years had stood to me in the place of both my dead parents — aod a mother could scarcely have been more tender a father more patient and forbearing— would very probably object, and consider himself victimised by those he had befriended. I was but a child la his eyes still, though my twentieth birthday had passed ; and I had a conviction that he had farmed quite a different plan for my future; Again, there could he no very cheerful meaning to Oswald Wardonr's urgent need of so considerable a sum as two hundred pounds. My forebodings, with respect to my uncle's opposition speedily was justified by the event. He drew me very qnietly one morning into "the "big, desolate cham ber which was called the library and so rarely used. 'I have heard a whisper, Bertha, which I hope has no foundation in feet,' he said. I will keep my own counsel as to its precise terms. I have two things to say. Your cousin, Roger Hilton, iB coming to: England in the autumn from his firm's branch at Hong kong. He .will' be 'made a partner at Christmas. I want you to be friends.' He emphasised the word. The other matter concerns -WatdOur. I would like to help him up the ladder ; but you must not tempt him to presume. Y<bu;abd he had better Ira practically strangers to' one another. If there is any danger of mistake, I will at once fill Wardonr's place..with a substitute ; there are plenty to'he had!" It was to every sense plain speaking. Twice I had- attempted — to .vain— 4o interrupt; andwhenmy ancle had finished he waved cne stefnly into silence. ' Hot now,; some other time -Bertha,' he said, and' was gone. Perhaps it was well that my indignant self-defence and champio'nship of Oswald was ruthlessly suppressed. l am of an impulsive temperament, as doubtless has alreadvbeen disclosed, and might have pitfully blundered. But my brain was in. a whirl, and I was imbittered against Mr. HoHinsworth, who, beyond reusable' question, had made traitorous use of . the admission wrung from his too confiding colleague. The dkagreeable eplsode was but the early muttering of. the coming' tempest.. Two days later, the storm broke in its # ir 1. l.fi l a juy, -jllj udgab ubu vwu iuowu. a forgery had come to light, and feveiy atom of evidence combined to fix the jpiilt lot ilhe nefarious deed Upon Oswald Wardonr. __ '' 'The chain of proof is complete and irrefragable, Bertha. I earnestly wish I could escape the conclumon to. which it points, said my uncle, sitting Jo , his smoldng-cbair, "abd watching with a curious,- troubled pity-my paleand plead ing countenance. " 3 "'You' lain jfoiglve methat I have still , faith In Mr. Wardonr's Integrity,' I said. Very strange and far off my words sounded in mybwn earn. .' '.Certaiply, j I.wwh I could share It I once; Bke was a noble -mao, . and ' pare _as the driven snow. It was for .her, rake .1, listened to the young fcU6 wa application. And the blow will till her.'"' Had I been leas fibBOrbeany tne que i rim whlch was now before jme, I -Should have detectod ln thls ouHjurst the echoes — yet reverberating ddwn .the years— of romance. He interpretflion was fffgggb yon wlll .xefrainMrom 1-ffaE.ticmy luald, plnck- for is god's Ignor- explained, and Wardour may be acquit ted ; but until then ' - I heard no more. They told me alter- warda that-I had swooned. There were tfro dreadful appearances in a police conrtyof which, like an epicure in anguish, I studied- ail the details in the daily-journals.- . -I- was -not forbidden, for I think my uncle fancied that so only could my mind be effectually freed from the delusion of Oswald Wardonr's inno cence. The case was indeed dark against the prisoner, and there were momenta when confidence reeled, and I fesred that I might have to drink my cup of bitterness to the dregs, and with my own reasoning faculties acquiesce iu a verdict of condem nation. But the memory of many and many a quiet chat to whioh Oswald's high aspirations and upright character had stood revealed, came back like a proces sion of mournful ghosts and reproached me with my doubts. Gathered into narrow space, the testi mony on which the charge was based was as follows: — Oswald Wardour had admitted to Mr Hollinsworth the pressing want of precisely the sum obtained as the fruit of the unscrupulous deceit. He had tried to borrow the amount, and ulti mately failed. To the truth of the greater part of this sworn evidence of the senior clerk, I, too, could have witnessed, had the prosecution had any inkling of the cir cumstance ; luckily, they were in darkness. The cheque that bore the forged sig nature was one that had been drawn ' to bearer,' for Mr Craig's approval and completion, on the previous evening; and IkD SAtllMat, 4A 4, AA I A A A A1 A T. A 3 wwj wuufliji tu vacbiAbiuiij my uuuic umu not reappeared in the coanttog-houae that afternoon, had been left in a private letter rack until the morning. But ou the mor row, it had mysteriously vanished — until a confidential warning sent to the bank had revealed that it had already been negotiated by Oswald Wardour. The fraud was at once detected. The prisoner's defence was declared by the newspapers to be 'daring,' which was their euphemism for improbable and unsatisfactory. Without equivocation, Oswald acknowledged that he had asked Mr Hollinsworth for a loan of two hun dred punuds for three months. He far ther affirmed that his seuiorhad alternated between willingness and unwillingness to grant his peitiou for monetary aid. Bat what was his meditated usefor themoney, he refused to say; and the silence was interpreted against him. Finally — on the very nightrin question— he had casually met Hollinsworth, and had been recom mended to a friend who would supply the required sum on the following morn ing at a coffee-room iu Cannon street. Saspecting no evil, he went to Torleni's Hestaarant, and met there a middle-aged man, with massive features, raven-black hair, and a hawk-like nose — such was Oswald's description, and it fixed itself in my memory — who said that he was the junior partner in Wilton wort & Co., a new firm recently founded in the same line as the great bouse of 'G. Craig.' He knew and respected Mr Hollinsworth, and on his intro duction would oblige Oswald. It was a surprise — said the accused — to find that the draft thus offered bore Mr. Craig's name ; but a plausible account of a bnsinees transaction was carelessly given, and Oswald did not dream of treachery. Even when the unsigned cheque was missed, a vague senee of un easiness was all that troubled him, until hie feet were actually caught iu the net. This tale pointed to a conspiracy, of which no fragment of corroboration was forthcoming. Mr. Hollinsworth denied every word of it that inculpated himself, and was believed — except by one weak girL I had never liked this man, al though at one time or aootber and io divers ways I had seen much of him, and had been impressed by bis great mercantile knowledge and Mb impassible demeanour. Still, my uncle bad always .implicitly trusted him. The case' against Oswald as it stood, awaiting the last word of so-called justice, was currently held to be tested and deter mined by a single question : Where was the shadowy individual who played so conspicuous a part in the prisoner's narra tive 1 Wiltonwort & Co. -knew nothing of him. ' Let the accused produce him, or put the police upon his track. My uncle was very kind to me in those days. Qe could not help seeing that I was suffering, and the cause was not for to seek. But he refrained alike from harassing inquiries and from expostula tion. He probably reproached himself for ever bringing into juxtaposition the inflammable material of two young hearts. My knowledge of what was in Oswald's heart was surreptitious ; he had never told me that he loved me or had asked me to be his wife. ' London is not suiting you in these close days, Bertha,' said my uncle gravely, one -evening, in - the interval that was to precede Oswald's trial at — name of horror and doom ! — the Old "Bailey. ' Suppose you run down to the EMgerleys' place In Warwickshire for a week or two : they'll be delighted to make you welcome. These -were the -friends of -my lfalian pilgrimage, and I was sure that the sug gestion was not broached at haphazard There had doubtless been a correspond ence. i I hesitated. Then— 'Well, if yob wish it, I think I will go, uncle,' I said. My preparations for the journey were not elaborate. Mrs. Brett, the house keeper at Lincoln Square, was a person of forethought ; and ; resource, and 'a Yew hours sufficed to have my travelling, boxes inspected and packed ; and my,' nnde saw. ,ine into a reserved first-class carriage at Euston. The train by which 'I travelled was ah express, bnt not one of (he imperial kiuid that carry Her Majesty's northward and westward ' bound mails. It stopped at. all the chief junctions from WiUeeden to its goaL It was immediately after .pass- ing one or .tnese stages nuai a sesuiiagiy (trivial circumstance occurred, upon which, with a mental virion Jess quickened by Buffering.Ishould periiajis bays bestowed no particular attaitromyrtrin frag ments of torn piper tflufterisd in the breeze pabt my oppn frfodqw, and one Of them--semewhat jargri j thsn .jta com-; panlons— became f fiied . bt wpen the w.phnmmy mlide andffie himajori. It- the ssafanh of my nhrie's chief clerk. |I exan»bed the scrap Sftriowlf/ rind riy my ancle's office, aud was of similar tex- , tare. T read: .... door will be con .... ! .... at No. 8 Tower Street . . . .... letters will be sure to ... . A whisper — which was the product, : doubtless, of my heated imagination, but which sonnded as the voice of one even ; then languishing in prison — filled In the ! missing syllables. io the first line, and I ! repeated mechanically : ' Wardour will i be convicted.' — 'He shall not!' I cried aloud. Who had destroyed and scattered upon, the winds this letter? Could it be the trickster of Torleni's Restaurant 1 The inspiration wasjnstifisd by what my eyes beheld at the very next station. To scrutinise those who alighted from the forward half of the train was Dow my absorbing occupation, and I was quickly repaid. AtDenBford, my glance was riveted, as if by magnetism, npon a man who answered almost exactly to the word-picture given from Oswald's iips in the columns of The Daily Sun. There were the ponderous features, the coal- black hair and scanty beard, the nose of distinctly Istaelitish cast. 1 drew down my veil, and, oblivioue of my luggage and its fate, of everything save the imperative necessity of tracking the apparently unpertorbed stranger, left my compartment also. It was neither a loug nor a difficult pursuit, or I might have betrayed my purpose. My quarry entered a third-rate inn at the bottom of the station bill ; aod as he was accom panied by a porter with a bag, who left the latter behind as he reappeared from the side-door of the bar, 1 bad good gxuuuua iur my nope buttt a buy w«u intended. I sought out the Deneford post- office, and despatched a telegram to my uncle. I felt I had stumbled upon the trail of the real criminal to that dreadful busi ness of the forgery ; or rather I should say criminals, for, as the sequel showed, the guilt was about equally divided. In the afternoon, my uncle arrived, listened with amazement to my startling story, and adopted bold measures. On the strength of bis cogent representations, a magisterial warrant was granted ; and armed with this, the Deneford inspector of police arrested the man called Edgar Hnlliosworth. Discomfited and demoralised by the swift suddenness of the blow, the victim threw himself on the clemency of the magistrate, in other words made full con fession. It was a disclosure full of pain for the upright merchant whose trust had been abused. Again I will try to condense an intri cate narrative. James Hollinsworth, my uncle's senior clerk and cashier, had allowed to grow up in his heart a jealous hatred of Oswald Wardonr. He feared that in due time Oswald might step above him into the partnership at which for so many years he — Hollinsworth — had aimed. Hollinsworth had a scape grace brother called Edgar, long accounted dead, who had reappeared in one of those evil jnnctnre8 which are the touchstones of men's characters. He had visited my nncle'e clerk in the office at an hour when Oswald was away at the dockB, and had tried to levy black-mail. Then came the temptation, to which his elder and hitherto outwardly virtuous brother had succumbed. Could not Oswald War donr's need of two hnudred pounds be made the basis of a plot to "ruin "trim ? James Hollinsworth told his ally what was required, and purchased at a heavy price his assistance. How. the scheme worked has already been made plain. It was a singular coincidence, and one which did not redonnd to the man's credit, that under pressure of these revelations, a waiter at Torleni's Restaur ant had his memory quickened, and was prepared to testify to the occurrence within his master's precincts of the inter view between Edgar Hollinsworth and Oswald Wardour, as related in Oswald's earliest statement. My nncle always believes that this writer had been bribed to silence. It proved impossible to bosh np the affair, and a sentence of penal servitude was passed npon both the brothers. ' And you saved 'me, Mire Craig,' ' Os wald said, when, for a few precions min utes. on the morrow of his release, we were alone. But for you, I might be in yonder cell yet ;' and he shnddered. 'Miss Craig— Bertha — is my guess a right one—that you care — that at least you can care — for me, a little, when I tell you that my heart, my life, are yours ?' Oswald will have it that I was too excited to know exactly In what terms he did reveal' the secret 'which was no secret ; bnt I stand to what I have written. At least Ism correct iu report ing my answer : I can care — every thing,' I murmured. A few months after the one remaining mystery was solved, coal - had been die- covered on Oswald's 'barren acres' to the north. It was for purposes of experiment in which he was sworn to secrecy, that he had required the loan of the. two hnudred pounds. But even without the pnmpecir ut vuts wwnu, uxy uucw wuuiu now have withdrawn hie opposition to Oswald as my suitor. ' Your love, child, has been tried In adversity ; may it be the stronger land more lasting,' he atid. We are grateful and content 