CONVENTS AND CELIBACY IN TASMANIA. We find that the nuns of the Presenta-: tion Convent of Launceston, Tasmania, have made application to the Supreme Court for a rule nisi, calling on the Rev. C. Price to Bhow. cause why, an informa tion for criminal libel should not be laid against him. The matter complained of- is contained in a letter inserted as an ad vertisement in the Launceston Examiner, headed " Convents and Celibacy.?' and signed by Mr. Price. The extraordinary feature of the case is tl at, although the nuns appear to be employing, professional lawyers, these lawyers have not Been fit to explain to them, that from the first word to the last, Mr. Price's letter does not impute any-i thing whatever to them ; and therefore of course there could he no libel. To make this clear, we insert the letter complained of, which appeared in the Launceston Examiner of the 21st June. -k- CONVENTS AND CELIBACY. ; to the editor. Sib, — A letter appears in to-day's issue in favour of convents for their purity, privaoy, and means of devotion. From what Bhe or he ' ' - says, the writer must be very innocent of all ' '% knowledge of them. What does history say; ! ' with many Roman Catholic writers? "Let- -V ters on constrained celibacy," states that the. , practical libidinousness of the unmarried,, clergy was everywhere enormous and un bridled. Such was the dread which the peo- pie of Switzerland entertained of these reputed representatives of the Holy Ghost, that, as we are informed by Sleiden, they required tnem, in some or tne cantons to keep concubines, in order to prevent them violating their daughters and wives. (Com. 1.3.) These were found in convents. The. same reason induced the senate of Rome, as we learn from Thuanus, to petition the Pope for the continuation of the brothels which he had intended to suppress. (His. 1, 39, chap. 3.) Gaultier Mapes complained that tne priests found means to excite in silly women a fear of damnation if they denied their per sons to them. There are hosts of authorities, almost entirely of the Ohuroh of Rome, and . great dignitaries too, who concur in complain ing of the unbounded licentiousness of the clergy ; and thoy at last became so hardened in wickedness as to teach that the greatest crimes were only venial sins, or scarcely any sins at all. The obsequious divines Coster andiOampeggio, held that priests were more criminal in marrying than in keeping many harlots. (OoBt de Cool Sacerd. prop. 9). It., was as early as the pontificato of Gregory the Great, that six thousand heads of murdered infants, the fruit of illicit sexual intercourse, were found in a fish pond, a discovery which, as Balceua informs us, induced Gregory to. revoke the law of celibacy, which was, how ever, revived about 45 years after by Martin I. See letters, etc., page 278. Now, if such horrible effects resulted from the celibacy of priests and nuns as early as the 7th century, what must have taken place during tne dark ages that followed among the thousands of religions houses ; but, which were, in fact, brothels of the worst character, upon a large scale? In them was acted such scenes that Cardinal Damiano published a complaint in a . book, which he entitled Gomorrah, because, I suppose, the wickedness of these religious , persons reminded him of that of the five cities which God destroyed by fire and brim stone from Heaven. Now, snob being the case, as admitted by Roman Oatholio writers, is it becoming that snob places should exist in a free country, and not be open to inspection ? ; Police can visit public-houses and brothels, but not places which have been notorious for licentiousness and murder since tbeir com mencement. Is thiB consistent in this enligh tened age, with our advanced civilisation, liberty of the subject, and equality before the law? — By your insertion, Sir, you will ' nblie-Q vour obedient servant. : 0\. Price, June I « in. Here is indeed an accusation of history, as stated . by Papal writers, against celibacy and conventB. and their immoralities in former times : and the Rev. Mr. Price infers that in order to prevent similar evils at this- day, convents ought to be open to inspection. But the nuns of the Presentation Convent, ; Launceston, are not so much as men-.!: tioned or: alluded to. And yet pro- , fessional lawyers take up the case, as if : there were a shadow of a libel in it. Mr. Price might as wisely bring an action against: the first lying priest who vilifies the character of Luther, which priests are so fond of doing. The letter was occasioned by some ventilation of the Question of Convent Inspection in the Tight Little Island. A resolution in favour of opening the con vents to Government inspection had. been , passed at a meeting held at the Academy, of Music in Launceston, to which a letter signed " Lux " had referred with appro bation. In answer to this letter, another signed " Mater Familias," tried to defend the present state of things, denouncing any interference with the privacy of ladies who choose to spend their lives in devotion, &c.; This is the kind of thing we are always treated to, when we speak of a necessary check to an evil always threatening such institutions. Who thinks of interfering with the privacy of ladies who may prefer to shut themselves up, and live any kind of life they please ? What we want to secure is that they shall not shut up anyone who is not pleased, whether she once was pleased or not. It is a thing not to be disputed .that some girls, or women, are within convent walk, whose desire at this moment is to escape. The RomiBh writers on conventB, Liguori and others, state thiB as a fact, and indeed enlarge upon it as a text for much advice tofBUch sisters to make a virtue of necessity. Manv nuns have with difficulty escaped, and many more made the attempt, and were recap tured. If any are unwilling captives, whatever they may once have vowed, the law should extend its protection to them, and no one's privacy would thus be in terfered with. On the other hand, one may well ask why Romanists are bo angrily anxious to oppose inspection. This person tells us that " if the legislature did insist on throwing open all conventual establish ments to inspection, it would have no other effect than that of disabusing the credulous audiences who have so greatly appreciated the startling disclosures, &c.;" Very well then, the inspection would do gopd. Why oppose it ? Ought not the nunB desire to disabuse the credulous audiences, and prove Edith O'Oorman Auffray a liar ? " Nuns," says the writer, " enjoy the right, in common with every private family in the colony, of perfect immunity from intrusion by Gov ernment or any other officials." But private families enjoy no immunity from inspection, should they keep girls im mured against their will, behind bars and gates and castellated walls. The nuns are entitled precisely to the rights of private families. What we want is to restrict them to those rights. If a pri vate family attempt to imprison a girl in their house, she has access to the law for redresB ; but if nuns immure a girl, she has no chance, — she is a hopeless prisoner, and, Liguori admits, a prisoner suffering cruelties and misery whence there is no relief but death. 