But he never did. I THE END.] THE LAY OF THE LOBSTER. [From Harper's New Monthly.] Go button your boots with a tiger's tail, Comb down your golden hair. And live for a week upon bubble and squeak On the steps of a winding stair. And whenever you feel like a conger-eel, Or as hard as an old split-pea, Onfasten the lid as the hedgehog did, Then come and listen to me. It happened when the sun was high, And the wind blew fresh and free, When the bottle-nosed whale was lunching on shale, And washing it down with the sea. It was close by the side of a lonely stream That foamed on a desolate strand ; A lady fair was sitting there. And a box was in her hand. She raised the box, and she gave it a shake. And she smiled when she found it was full; Then she played on a fife with tbe edge of a knife, Keeping time with a three-foot rule. And tbia was the song that tbe lady sane— " Just open this box for me ; I love sardines when they're boiled with bean9, And mixed with the sands of the sea." Tbe sound of ber voice was sweet to bear, And was wafted o'er many a wave, Till at last it fell, like a siren spell, OB tiie heart ft a biave. He listened awhile, then smiled a smile As he •looked at himself in the glass, Then dressed with speed in an ulster of weed And trousers of tangle and grass. Be went to the place where tbe lady sang, And be beard what she'd got to say; She told him the dish wss sardine fish, But be bolted clean away. For bis brother-in-law was of kin to a skate; The skate was of high degree, And every one knew it was perfectly true Sardines were tbe cousin of be. With a terrible frown he dived straight down To tbe depths of the ocean green ; His trousers he tore and his ulster, and swore Ihey would never again be seen. But the ladj sang as she sang before— " Just open this box for me, J-'or I love sardines when they're boiled with beans, And mixed with the sands of tbe sea." She sang this same, but q nobody came, She thought it as weUi: try. So down on the rocks she hammered tbe box, And then she began to cry— " Ob, I love sardines when they'e boiled with beans, And mixed with tbe sands of the sea. I am dying for some. Will nobody come And open this box 'or me '!'' Jv'cw all alone, close under a stone, A lobster was fying asleep; At the sound of her cries he rubbed his eyes And picked himself up for a peep. Be could open tbe box without any knocks. So he went and he offered his cliw. At tiui sight ol the beast ber misery ceased, And she asked for a shake of his paw. He gave her his claw on the desolate strand, But be never would let her go. " My lady," tays he, " you'll come with me To tbe regions down below/' He took the lady straight away To tbe depths of tbe ocean blue, And whatever became of that beautiful dame There is nobody ever knew. There are some folks say on tbe first of May Sbe is seen with a glass ia her band, And that sbe was sold to tbe merman bold Who came to the desolate slrand. But every night when the moon shines bright Tbe ghost of the lady is seen, All dressed at her need in an ulster of weed, And ber hair is a bright sea-green. And tbe ghost of a great big sardine bos Comes stalking along the shore. And tbe ghost of a little sardine tish Goes roilickipg on before. And the fishermen bear the sound of knocks. And, " Open this box for me, 'Cause I love sardines when they're boiled with beans. And mixed with the sands of the sea. : ' MORAL. Now, ladies at), both short and tall, ft bo love to eat sardines, I: you ever take any, don't let it be many, And sever with sand and beans. W. D. SCOTT-JIONCRIEFF. 