THiE iYCHiBOR:E ESTATES. T= fo!!oawng a'c re was pubiished in tie DTi:-ly News on ;h e :iosn of ahe caelbra t.2n6 in C'sne:ion ,i,:h the c0Ming of age of Si- Henr Tichborce, Ba:., the h.eir :o the Ti:hbone Esl-'tes: There ware bave "7,ings ?-f ie rd vrwhen e r.-htf:l :eir . t:;e iiacbo.: -_:ates 5.cr7n ;t te- brass ha- re-.san coming of a'e. Ger"-e and smie wiill take -?,a in 3he .ejoici . and there is to be a g Erden par . on a c'lc?sl, s.-e at Tichboroe Park. If th1 . lae ifan: is of a r n<,ve turn of of mind, h e us' hve .he wh erewihal for madi'tatio as he st~:- on his own is n, the u.eslftion1ed Lmas- ter of a fair eate. In the ear?:er -I of his.E' ? he had oL e I -rro-.Ist D ice in the --ria Of mi0 ng his inher:snCe. The pro--sec'°s of .he m .I of ;o-dsa are brinhter Z hr n those of .xhe infant o r May 11, 197 , .hen the firs_ of the two Tres - b cses begar. Years before that :here had been sa-o legal skirmishing as a re'linainr o ,che greaT snit, ad in 18i7 the Wapping bu:cher was anumn two n-ew-a-pe for publishing sa':em-Ez s - :ha nighi be pretudi-ial to his cli:ms. In 1871 he close wit-h :-he ub e es of the infant in fair -al rst ggle. The cse- cer. on in the Common Pies before Lord Chif justice Boril; but no one dreamed that, in one form or other, it was tyo nceCan toe courts at Westminster for the greater I part of two years. In this first action the WVapnin" butcher, as claimant of the title and estate, sued Franklin Lushington, a j tnant of the trustees of the infant Henry Alfred Joseph, to recover possession of that Tichborne House in which the rejoicings are now taking place. The plaintiff claimed i to be the eldest son of Sir James Doughty Tichborne, the youngest of three brothers. This third brother, to whom the title and states had come, married a French lady, and his eldest son, the undoubted Roger Tichborne, was born on the 5'.h January i82.. 1 Roger Tichborne was bronght up like a gentleman, and he had a gentleman's sastes and pnnrsuit . He was light and slim in form, and extremely narrow in the chest. He had fallen in love with his consin Kate DOouzhtv: ; bt when her father disapproved of the match he left Tichborne and resolved to go abroad, firs.t maakiUg his will and de positin' a sealed package writi a gentleman named Gosford, an intimate and confi dential friend. I? arrived a; Valparaiso in Jine 18.3. In 1853 he embarked at Rio in the Bella. and nei:her he, nor the ship, nor any man thati sailed in her was ever heard of again. A bit of the wreckof the Belia wias picked o., and the underwriters paid insurance nupan her as a total loss. The will of Roger Tichborue was proved by Mr. Gosford, his executor; the sealed packet was opened and destroye ; legal proof was given of his death ; and the estates went to the infant son of his younger brother. The story of the c!aimant, who tarned up in 1o6, 3as tihat, 'ithogh the Bella went down, Roger Tichborne did not go down with her. He was nicked np with eight of her crew abunt the 26th April 1854. and csrried to Melbourne. Instead of coming back to marry his cousin Ka:e, as the true Sir Roger ulnd.ubtedly promised to do, he -,ent inio the interior, lived there for twel-re year- under the name of Cditro, and on0y returned to England when he saw an advertisement of the Dowager Ladv Tichborne, who had all along persistently refused to believe in She death of her son. Oa Christmasi Day 1i6G he reached this c-.untry, and with his arrival the pnblic in:erest in the case may be said to have bsgun. His first visit, singnlarly enough, was neiher to Tiehborne nor to Paris, where :he dowaer then lived. He made straight for Wappin,- to ma'e inquiries regarding the fanniiv of rthunr Orton, a bon:chr, wno had emigrated to Australia, and who, oddly enough, had lived in the same district of Waiga Wagga as the claimant himself, and under the same name of Castro. Then he visited Tichborne secretly, and was taken over the house and grounds. In due time he went to see the Dowager, and, in spite of his enormous bulk and the absolute difference in complexion, manners, speech, and everything constituting human identity between him and her long-lost son, was re cognised by her yearning heart rather than by her fading faculties as the rightful heir. Shortly after this recognition the venerable lady died, and at her funeral, in March 1868, the claimant tried to figure publicly as the heir, with the result that Lord Arnudel of Wardour, the uncle of the infant, withdrew in disgust from the procession. The claimant, meanwhile, got himself coached in the family history of the Tichbornes, using his eyes and his ears, and learning as lie went on. At his first inter view with Mr. Gosford, he seemed to have no knowledge whatever of the sealed packet; and he only alluded to it afterwards when hi learnedl that it had once been in existence. The trial ibegan, as we have said, on 11th May 1871. In Jl!y they were crose-examin ing the claimant as to his education, and he shiowel soo much caution in committing himself in re trd to matters of common knowlclge that lie declined to say whether John BDunyan was a general, a bishop, or a master of faixhiunds?; or whether a misan tliropo was a iort, Seast, or nisn. His knowledge was the knowledge of a Wapping butcher, and his ignorance was not the ignorance of an English gentleman. On July 7 the trial was adjourned, when it was as yet but in the preliminary stage, though it had gone on for forty days. On January 15, 1872 it was resumed, and on March 4 it came to a sudden termination, to the relief of a weary world. The jury intimated to the lord chief-justice that they did not require further evidence; and, after brief opposition on the part of MIr. Sergeant Ballantine, the claimant's counsel, the plaintiff, on his advice, submitted to a non suit. He was at the same time com mitted for trial at the next sessions of the central criminal court on the charge of wilful and corrupt perjury. The govern ment undertook the prosecution. Mr. In spector Denuing vas bound over as prose cutor, and the plaintiff was taken to New gate. His case had been supported by the oaths of eighty-five witnesses, including Roger Tichborne's mother, the family solicitor, one baronet, six magistrates, and many others of the same standing. On the other side, the witnesses who denied his identity on oath numbered only seventeen. Yet the noes had it, as we have soen. Ho had an enormous party outside the court, and public interest in the case derived fresh ritality from -e prospe: of the trial at bar. Tiis trial -bgan on the l3rd of An1il 187:3 and it as destined, both in andth and in interest, to throw the firot one oite into the shade. It was held in the cant: of Queen's Bench, before Lord Chi-ef-just:ice Cocbrn and Justices ?M?ellor a Lush. The late claimant , s now , char-ed with perjury in having sworn that,, he roes Roer Tichborne: in having made Sstaieent regarding Miss Kate Doughty t which it is needles-s to pecify; and further. , in havinz sworn that' he was not Arthur Orton of Wapping, the butcher's son. Mr. P Hawkins opened the case for the crown, b and :1e claimant was defended by the not rious Dr. Kenealy, who was destined b-ath to ake his repnatsion such as it was) , ad to lose itw. in connection wi:h this case. In this trial we reach some of the grandest to'als on record of walsed time. It began in ArrP!, but it was only on August I1 that Dr. Kenea- had concluded his opening hi speech for -he defence, a speech which had la:stS for one.and-twenty days. Summer was fading into autumn when, on O::ober 14th of the same year, the " missing link," Jean Laie, came forward to tes:ify on behalf of the claiman:, now the prisoner at the bar. Jean Luie said that he was one of the crew of the Osprey, which had picked up the missing Sir Roger at sea soon after the loss of the Bella. He re membered the claimant perfectly as the man he picked up; heard from his own lips h his story that he was loger Tichborne; and, b according to his own account, was at once identified in return by his old acquaintance r when he presented himself in London. Jean ti Luie was in some respects a find of 'Mr. is Whalley, the well- known member for Peter borough, who believed in the claimant no less firmly than lie believed in the Protestant faith. For a full fortnight after the appear ance of Luie, the evidence was still dribbling in. On December 18th the court adjourned for the Christmas holidays, on the 145th 1 day of the case. On January 14, 1874, Dr. Kenealy concluded his second speech for the defence, which had lasted four-and twenty days. On January 29th, the 169th 1 day, the lord chief-justice began a summing ! up which was to continue till the 28th of February. On that auspicious day the monstrous palaver came to an end. The pleadings had lasted 188 days; the jury, to their credit, made up their minds in less than half-an-hour. They f found that the defendant had falsely sworn on the three main issues, and accordingly convicted him of perjury in regard to each one. The lord chief-justice sent him to penal servitude for fourteen years; and at the same time authorised the removal of his coadjuator Luie to Newgate, pending a prosecution for perjury against him. The prosecution had cost the country over £80,000, of which some 283,000 went in counsels' fees. The trial was over for the courts, but it was continued by the public. The claimant became a martyr, but chiefly among persons of the class to which he belonged, for his bearing throughout the two trials, especially when under cross examination, had gradually alienated from him all other support. He conducted him self in exemplary fashion at Dartmoor, and he must have looked forward with a certain regret to his release, as it compelled him to take up his old imposture for a living. In the long period of his seclusion, a good deal had happened, even amongst the fanatics of his own.order who had promised him their lifelong support. He came out of prison to lecture to thin audiences, and he went to America on a starring tour with no very brilliant result. When last heard of he was in a van, though on insufficient knowledge it would be rash to say merely as one of the attractions of a variety show. Reputations were born of the case, and survived it for a time, but only to perish finally of the diseases of their origin. Amongst these the most remarkable was that of Dr. Keucaly, who after an erratic career at the bar and in literature, in which he made no great figure, and some service in the knuight.-errantry of grievance, which at one time led him to offer his services to Lady Lytton, seemed to see a prospect of undying fame in this process. The most charitable view of his failure in it is that his mind simply gave way tinder the strain of its unparalleled excitement. He abused the witnesses for the prosecution in a way that called for the marked condemna tion of the jury. He quarrelled with the judges, and libelled them in the course of his quarrel. Finally, lie undertook to quarrel with well-nigh all mankind in a journal called the Englishman, which was the organ of the Magna Charta Association, founded, apparently, for the general purpose of right. ing every human wrong by first wronging nearly every human right. He got into parliament, and there he found the grave of such reputation as he possessed. He died in a few years, a half-ruined and, it is to be feared, a quite broken- hearted man. Sir John Coleridge and Mr. Hawkins, on the other hand, crowned already brilliant reps tations by their conduct of one or both of the cases against the claimant. It was the longest story of imposture perhaps ever told, and, as the historian of our times lnhas remarked, it opens up a far more curious study of human credulity than the stories of Joanna Southlcote, of Mary Tofts, of Perkyn Warbeck, or the Cock-lane Ghost. Swarms of flies, answering to the descrip. tion of cantharides or Spanish flies, visited Sportions of Missouri during the second week Sin June, and not only devoured vegetation with avidity, but blistered the bodies of human beings in a most painful manner. Fully 1000 people in one town, Trenton, t were covered with blisters on the face and hands, caused by this illnsect. All the lights were put out at night. A new use for the tobacco plant has been discovered. Its stems and waste, it is claimed, are equal to linen rags in the manufacture of paper. Tobacco waste costs less than B2 a ton, linen rags i11. There is no expense in assorting the former and very little shrinkage, as against a loss of one third of rags. The yearly tobacco waste is estinmated by the census reports at from o 3,000,000 lb. to 4,000,000 lb. The town of Marshfield, Wisconsin, was almost swept out of existence on June 27 by a tremendous conflagration, kindled by a spark from a locomotive, which fell in a lumberyard. Two thlousaud people were rendered homeless, and the loss of property was not less than one million dollars. BrnGstaw goods-Rat traps.' A coon name for a bulldog-Agrippa. How husbands are caught-With the asso-O. Wa~s' the clock strikes one there is no legal DaGGcrG a ton of oil is a fair day's work for a san of tcil. A esocti suggestion-Never turn a deaf ear tt tte'e -?h=e FPrcMnn printers pop the question to the ma!e "typ:-" by Eimly handing them an interroetioa pn:-" ? ' If the atter ite to embrace the oppor t=r:t: a-nt accept, they- re:arn a tra?e tiaa- -" - hut, if "the wes to decline, nnd dash the cop of happi n'es from the fair c.ers lips, they hned ior: a " Tai doctors should not be abused for being toy precfr.sional to adrertie. - The undertanter .rertisecs for both,,ad it is geesdlly unde:s.etod that way. A p?s-I:ct?; says a man can stop a fit of Cr ing by crawling dowret:i'? head iert. Almost any:hing can be carei that u?.4i the stairs are steep ecenzL_ Pe int to peasant : "I have here two dif ferent als=maces from which you may ceoo:e. One of thum ee:tains the most ho:idays, but the other oantains mare gerd weather." Crne eldest boy, who has just been looking at hiMaself in a gl.s, naintaeirs that things are not always what they parp;rt to he, for that whilst mamps are plural they-lo` k singular. '" MLa, what is hush?" asked a little boy. "Why,imy dear, do yau ask? " " because I ?tked sister J3re what =adle her new dress stick oat to behind, and he sa"-d i-ra?,.'" A GE?"TLE'eIA ?? king an apartment said to the sdlady se: "I s --re you, tadam, I never left a lodgieg but ma Landly y shed tease." She answeed: " i hope it was not, air, b.eacs you went aw : without " Y .' solilotuioied aveterandrinker. "Yes, It is teuce a man is male of dust, tha: he is always o drty. And hence, also, it is, that whenever he wishes tao dasmp himself, he must always part wit some of his dn-t.' Tr1unn is nothing like strong common- sense. An Irish soldier went to his station with the order to report anything remarklabe that had happened during the night A drunken fellow fell off the wall and broke his neok, and no report was made. When quectioned abohet it, Pat replied: "Faith, and I obeyd orders. It the man had fallen off the wall and not broken his neck I should certainly have rep-rted.it." As off-hand article-The circular saw. A srtinT thing-A mustard plaister. A roCnr lady is not like a tree. You cannot estimate her aze by counting her rings. THe celebrated composer Wagner, when in Naples, was troubled, it is said, with headache, sohesent to have his hair cot ehort. When the Larber received the sammona and heard its purport, hersold every prospective hair of Wagner's heed to his admirer', gettinr half the money down. To the barber's icntese chagrin, Madame Wagner witnessed the operation aid appropriated the wholt of the severed hair to her own use. What was to be done? The rairdreaser made a clean breast of it to Madoame, and she suggested that a butcher round the corne lhad the same kind of hair as her husband. And half Naples slept that night with the hair of the butcher under his pillow. A RECPECTAmSE merchant of London having be-come emharrased in his circumstance, and his mis. fortunes having lwen one day the subject of conversation on the Royal Exchange, several Fperons expressed great snrrow, when a foreigner who was pre.ent said: "I feel five hundred pounds for him ; what do you feel ?" Tan following epigram is quoted in a London medical journal : A single doctor, like sculler, plies- The patient lingers, and by inches diea;r _ But two physicians, like a pair of oars, Walt him with swiftnssa to the Stygian shores. ' REFIE?r, my brethren," exhorted i Moham mdlan holy man, " that whoaoever falls to-day in battle sups to-night in Paradise." The fight began, the ranks wavered, the priest took to his heels, when a soldier, stopping him, referred reproachfllly to the promised supper in Paradise. "True, my son--ery true," said the priest; "but I never eat supper." " You mustn't touch the top of the baby's head," said a mother to her little four-year-old; "she bha a soft spot there that is very tender." The youngster gazed atit ecriocly for a moment, and then kedat: " Do all bhabes have soft spots on their heads " " "Yes' " Did papahave a =oft sat on the top of his head when he wasa baby? "T Y," replied the mother, with a igh, "and he has got it yet." And the old man who had overheard the consersaticn from an adjoining room, wsang out: " Yesindeed he has my dear bay, or he would bie a ingle man to-day." " fow do you loike the new school, Mickey, me soin" " Party well; but, mother, phat makes the oys at school think I'm Oirish ?? "It's meself deen't know, but I've been often sospicted av bein' Oirish, meself, whin divil a hint ay it they iSer had from me." R?LIcs of Burns-Blisters. "I GmSS Ill push along," is what the man with a wheelL?rrow said. A PIRCm of steel is a good deal like a man when you get it red hot it lose; its temper. THe man who looks for big apples at the bottom of a barrel is too confiding for this tricky world. As enterprising foundry-man has named an economical store he has invented the "semi-coal'au." A YAcrT is more like a Christian than the Iaverage man. She can stand on a tack without swearin;. -.MASrrtE of Safety--Never demand an apology unless you ae sure the supply is eanal to the demand. \\\'irs a man gives up a house, what rank would he hold in the army?-That of a left-tenant, of corne. ci.Ae.eL being asked the difference between a natural fool and an educated fool, replied: " Just about the difference Letween you and me, I suspect." The questioner was never able to determine which kind of fool he was. Tam were discessing an elopement, and one Isly turning to her friend said: "Don't you believe it would kill you if your husband was to run away with another woman ?" " It might," was the cool reply. "Great joy sometimes kills.' "WanAT a desp'r't thing," said old Joe Symtker, " that theere young couple, who've been tillin' and coiu' and making eyes at one another for a month, have now gone to the parson and got a permit to see if they can't keep it up for a lifetime." MI. was making a call and they were taluing of literat:re. " The Pilgrim's Progress,' she remarked, "always seemed to me painful. Of coonrse you are familiar with Bunyan?' He said he had one on each foot, and they bothered him a good deal. "'low far is it to Clyde -"asked a weary-look inag tramp on the towpath, of an urchin, the other day. "Nine mile-," replisl the lad. "Are you sure:" -" Well,' said the sympathetic youth, "seeing you are pretty tired I will call it seven." TsEnE was a great searcity of water some little time back at Gibraltar. An Irish olicer, who was quarte-rl in the fortress, said that he was very easy in the matter, for he earnd very little for water ; all that he wantedl was his tea in the morning and his punch at night. " Anr you guilty or not guilty?" was asked of a coloured prisoner. "Well bous," he replied, " i was in the immediate neighbourhood when dem hams Swas tooen, bot it doe~n't look right to cheat this expect~nr Frosd out of the right to hear strial. So I pleada n.g" A FAMorsC comedian was walking down the Strand the other morning with a friend, when he came upon a row of melancholy-looking sandwich men with ridiculous caps such as acting managera very unkindly oblige these serfs to carry nowadays, though when thus arrayed they are paid threepence per day extra. " I Spity thow poor beggac," the friend said,"drese uap like that, and condenmned to trudge the streets all day for eighteetnpene." "Eighteenpee--and their board,"' Sthe actor replied. f AT the time Dr. Johnson visited Aberdeen, the old turreted hoene at the corner of lluxton-row was being newly harled (washed oerwlth a mixture of lime, gravel, &ca.; The doctor approached the man, and inoquired " how he produced that regular irregularity." ' The iman explined the composition, and the doctor re queeted next to see how it was applied. " But, perhaps," said he, "I am in your way ?" "s, na, sir, ye're nae in my way," said the labourer, splashing a huge trowel Sfult on the wall, and plentifully bespattering the doctor's y peaon. "Xa, na,ye're nae in my way, if ye're ce in 9 your own. X., A watts fellow, has a charming home, buht the life outdoors ls so ageeeable that he is rarely to be f lound at Iris honse. It despsireo eser meeting tim, I one of his namerous creditoro sent hlim the follosing: "Den Ste-I rrpectfullnl inite you to pass Friday U.Vreni: Vteiour ,ouse. Youes ctc." a A YOUo farmer in Shropshire, who found himself on the e of ruin, advised with an old ncigl,, S bour, lwho told him he would soon recover himself if he 7 eould bestow a pot of water on thIe ash-tree in his farm yard every morning at four o'clock. Woandering at the I couonel, hbut resolved to act upon it, he arose and per Slformed the operation; but ill the course of three morn o ings hIe made such discoveries of plundering going fort ward upon his premises that he quiclty perceived the propriete oe tale heignlgtur's adejce, ane lver acter dated his ptroieerity from the uas of the waterieg-pot. 