A itMidnighat I Shall Remember. Jack Templeton had been my closest friend in boyhood, was my cherished companion in the days of our early manhood at college, and my delightful correspondent during the ten years that had gone since the close of the happy period of student life. This corres pondence had not been the only communica tion between us, for we agreedi on the final leave-taking of our old college quarters, that visits on each other should be kept up, Jack setting aside at least two weeks in one year to be spent with me wherever I should be settled, and the year following I was to visit him for a short season. This arrangement had been observedi by both with punctuality, and regularity, -and we became well ac quainitetl with each other's'mode of living, occupati:n and surroundings. Jack was a physician in Greenwich. Anyone knowing him during the character-forming period of his.life would have marked him for a future physician. He possessed those traits of char-. acter, those oddities of native disposition which mean strong individuality. He was dryly humorous in his ordinary conversation, canded in his intercourse with his acquaint. ances, cheerful enough on occasion, ingenious in his estimate of people, not by any means brilliant, but studious and determined, espe cially so when concerned in the investigation of subjects belonging to the obscure and hay ing a dash of the mysterious. To him the Greek grammar and Latin.construction were dull ploddjng, butmathematics, and especi ally the study of mental science and of those questions the solution of which involves an exploit into the depths of psychology, were to him a genuine pleasure. Exploring the mysteries of the human mind was that which made up the texture of his thoughts by day and was apt to weave the fabric of his dreams by night. A trick of magic, no matter how obscure, did not interest him be cause there was no pretence that its operation depended on anything but some clever 'mechanical contrivance or sleight of hand. Such things were lacking in that essential, the supernatural, which so absorbed his every thought. But an exhibition of mesmerism filled him with Wonder, for he recognized in it the manifestations of the unseen workings of the human mind, and much of his time Was spent in the study of its strange pheno mena. It was his claim that could mesmer ism become other than the ungovernable thing it now is and be brought under thesub jection of the human will, it would prove not only a mighty aid in medicine and sur gery, but would very.likely afford an explan tion of those strange mental conditions which so puzzle the world to-day. Having a mind tihus fashioned it was the most natural thing for Jack to take to medicine as a profession medicine in its broad sense, the enthusiastic study of which will gratify the thinking man in his search-for light upon the intimate and the intricate relation of the human body to the human soul. The- newspaper field had been chosen by me as the one in which I would exploit what ever of learning and energy and determina tion I possessed, and at this time I was en. gaged on a morning daily in a vigorous pro. vincial town. It was Jack's year to visitme, and the time being at hand whenhe mightbe'looked for I had completed the few preparations about my bachelor. belongings which his coming would make necessary, so Iwas not surprised when just at twilight one evening in July he came in upon me, sitting alone, in meditative mind, in my second- story flat apartments. Not surprised, I say. At the time, truly I was not. I remember the date of his coming; It was Friday night, the 12th of July, 1877, a fact which in the light of what followed I had good reason to remember. Our greetings were as cordial as usual, our handshaking as vigorous, and our mutuul inquiries about the things that had come into our lives since the laIt meeting were as rapidly and enthusiasti. cally spoken as ever. My own experiences for the twelvemonth, commonplaceandcom paratively uneventful, were soon told, but what they lacked in novelty and volume was made up by the perfectavalanche of incident and adventure Jack had to relate of himself. He told me that night the details of experi ment after experiment he had made with the human physicalorganism ; how he had tested and analyzed and theorized in his endeavor to sift down, satisfactorily to himself the grand mystery of what portion of a man's body was most closely related to his soul; what one of the various systems in the human framework gave shape, and motion, and energy to the sublime thing, mind. This was his hobby. He did not spare me. He never did spare me when thus occupied. He had become accustomed to having me in dulge him when on his favorite theme. In this connection he had many newvinteresting stories to tell about mesmerism anid what he called his measureless possibilities. He re lated how he, while in the mesmeric sleep, at the will of a person who possessed the power of putting one under its influence, had been sent, at the instance of a third person, a stranger, to a far distant city where he had never been before, lnot, at least, in the ordi narily understood sense of being, and had described scenes and objects about the streets of that city accurately enough to be easily recognized by the third person, whose home it was. Sicveral tests of this kind had been made, each time with the most astonish. ing results. Jack's enthusiasm in the nar ration was only equalled by the readiness with which lie came to his conclusion, that the mind of the mesmerized subject had, an liampered 'by matter, time or space, been transported at the will of a designated per son to a place chosen by that person, and be. ing present in that place had, of course, nc. I tmally seen subjects there, and, easily enough, < could tell of themr; in other minds the ob- . jects had made their impressions on that mind, and, that mind, returning to its accs- I tomed habitation, the subject's body, could I readily give account of those impressions. t "And," he added, with a peculiar impres siveness in his voice, "I believe that if the conditions are favorable the subject under the influence of this subtle something can be transported in spirit to a distant place, can I see and talk with a second person, and this r visit with all its incidents will be to that second person in everything important an I absolute reality-so real that he will never feel those unpleasant sensations that accom.c pany what are called ghostly visitations." i Jack's conclusions and the earnestness of I his manner were largely interesting to me, I and although I instinctively inclined to the I natural view of things-a view emphasized by a calling dealing chiefly with the real I a?ffirs of this life-had but little belief in I anything that could not be explained by C causes we call natural and are easily under- i stood, and would discredit the testimony of I any person, no matter how near tome, if that testimony conflicted with what seemed tome e reasonable,stillJack'sseriousnessandhonesty strangely impressed me that night, and I con. I fessed to him that what could not be proved I need not necessarily be doubted ; that there were likely stranger things on earth alone than were known of; and then with a wish I to. dismisa the whole subject for one more I cheering I asked about someacquaintances I 1 had in Greenwich, his home, to which inqui- I ries he responded and in turn asked for my 1 father's family, who still live on the old I homestead, a few miles away from the city I ofmy residence. Ireplied by arannging with I Jack right there for a visit together to our early home, and straightway penned a note I to my sister telling of his coming, of ourcon- I plated visit home, and that arrangements i might be made for our stay for a brief season. I sealed this letter, with Jack's assent to the 1 arrangement it conveyed, stamped it and put I it in the postal box just outside my door. The night was wearing on and bed was I suggested, so with many pleasant anticipa. tions of what the succeeding days had in store for us, Jack said good-night and went to his bedroom, !previous visits having made I him acquainted with my apartments. The night passed mdeventfully, not even a stray reminiscence of the evening's talk in. terfering with the senses' even repose. 1 awoke at 7 o'clock, dressed, thought of the 1 planned visit home and the many agreeable things it promised. I did not hasten to arouse Jack. considerately thinking that the i fatigues of his long journey and the late hour of retiring would prepare him for a prolonged rest. More than an hour passed and I began to feel the need of eating, and was promising : myself the full enjoyment of abreakfast with Jack for my company ; so I went to his bed. room to call him. My astonishment was l pretty evident when opening the door Jack was not in the room, and what was stranger 1 still, nothing it contained indicated that he 1 had been there. The bed had not been disar. I ranged in the least. Not a chair or other ar. l ticle of furniture apparently had been moved from its accustomed position. Alto. gether there was not a shadow of evidence that any person living had been in that room the preceding night. There were no win dows in the room, and no door save the one opening into the one where I slept. A per son then could not get out of that bedroom and out of the house except by coming through that door and leaving by the hall door. I remembered that when I awoke this outside door was locked and bolted as usual on the inside; this was recalled by the difil .culty in sliding back the bolt that morning. This showed that even had Jack been dis. posed to leave me in that shabby manner in the middle of the night, he could not have done so, not to mention that such a proceed ing would be as unlooked for in the man as it would be unworthy of him. The truth remained, nevertheless, Jack was gone. But how he had taken his departure was a deep mystery to me. Strange as it was, though, no suggestion of the supernatural then entered into my calculations, and I conten ted myself with thinking that a reasonable explanation would offer itself in time. I said nothing to anyone of the occurrence, not caring to brave the doubt and ridicule the telling of it would likely provoke. I was extremely anxious to come to at least some plausible solution of the affair, yet the longer I sought one the more perplexed I became, till I had to conclude that the whole pro ceeding was a very vividdream. A dream it might be ; but such aconclusion was exceed ingly disappointing and unsatisfactory, for in dreams persons don't grasp each other's hands, and smoke together, and drink to gether, and talk for hours at a time connect. edly on a subject, especially such a one as occupied our, attention that night. Then another circumstance came to me me with alm?ost startling suddenness. Tice letter! Did I write thit letter to my sister, or was that, too, only a part of the dream ? If she got my letter that would be proof clear enough that that night's proceedings were not a dream, let them otherwise be ac counted for as they might. If the letterwas written while sleeping, that would be a som nambulistic feat too formidable for belief, and besides I had never been known to be a sleep-walker. I could easily find out about the letter anyway. 1 wrote to my sister asking simply if she had got my letter, in prompt answer to which she said she had, adding that they were all prepared for and anxiously awaiting our coming. Clearly, the letter was nota dream. Then what on earth or above the earth or under the earth would explain that nightly visit, that un ceremonious and mysterious disappearance of Jack Templeton? It began to trouble me. A weak had passed since that night, when a letter bearing the well known post. mark of Greenwick was dropped throeugh my door. It was from Jack. This is what it said: I am very sorry my professional duties and the amount of study I have laid out for this summer will tie me down at home, and I shall not be able to make you my usual visit this year. * * Merciful Heaven I The man hadn't been with me at all. Was he dead and did his shadow come to haunt me instead of his living body to visit me ? That would notbe likely, for his letter was datae fire days later than that night, and ghosts, having a way of mak ing their presence known at the precise time thleir disembodiment takes place, are always punctual. The letter did not so far lighten up the matter. .It proceeded: Ysou know my hobby, mesmerism, and you know how I ride it. WYell, one night recently I mounted my hobby and took'a longride. I was away out in your country, in your town, in your very room, and I sat with you and talked with you and drank with you, and all but slept with you. To be exact, the night was Friday, the twelfth day of this month, July. Now, all this was so real to me that I want you to write me whether on that night you remember of being conscious of any un usual occurrence. Did Iseem to you that I was in your company that night? I want all the facts, that I may see how they will fit a little theory I have lately been construct ing. There it was, and the subject talked upon by Jack, or Jack etherealized, and me, came back, with his startling assertion about a per. son in a mesmeric trance being able to com municante with an absent person, and that person to be conscious of being communi cated with. So Jack in all things essential had been present will4 me thlatnighlt. Fpr is not the mind the coaselsous part, thesoul,the essential thinig? : . The narrative deals only with the facts of a very extraordinary personal experience. If the explanation given of his visit by my guest of that night, based upon the narrowly under stood operations of mesmerism, is not sutli. dcent, let him who, with a clear view, has traversed further into-the arcana of the mnys. tical, advance the theory of Jack Temple ton's strangevisit. 