The Newcastle Selections. THURSDAY NIGHT'S MEETING. In our last issae appeared a report of the Candidates' speeches at the political - meeting held in the Institute Hall on Thursday evening last; we how give the replies of the candidates to the questions asked, which were perforce excluded from tbe first report. Mr JOHN TAYLOR asked whether the candidates were in favor of a Land Tax on the country south of Goyder's line of rainfall. _ Mr COGLIN replied : " You're getting old, John. It is taxed." (Great laughter). Mr BUBGOYSE most certainly could see no reason why country south of tbe rainfall line should be exempted from land tax. Mr COGLIN was not averse to abolishing the Legislative Council entirely. The Council and the Assembly members might all retire and be elected together, like birds of a feather. Mr BURGOYNE was not disposed to regard- the creation of Bingle electorates for the Council favorably. He thought that euch a subdivision would tend to the return of members whose views would be more local than general. He was in favor of amending the Con stitution Act eo as to provide more simply and effectively for a dissolution of the Council, and for a reduction in the term of membership. The term was now from 8 to 12 years, which was far too long. Tbe Legislative Councillors when elected were generally pretty well on in years, and became quite antiquated before their time for retirement came. Mr MOOBE would not go so far as single Council electorates, but thought that they might be increased in number from 4 to 8 with advantage, that the term of service should be reduced to 5 years or less, and that means should bo provided for making the Upper Chamber more amenable to pablic opinion. Mr COGLIN would try to get Port Augusta a mail train from Adelaide arriving at such an hour as would enable residents to get their letters and answer them the same evening without sitting up all night to do it. But to secure this he must have a majority. Mr BURGOYNE looked upon members of Parliament as delegates for their constituents iu such matters, and would do his utmost to further tbe particular object deBired. Mr MOOBE would urge for an earlier mail train. Mr COGLIN was in favor of Mining on Private Property with compensation to owners. Diamond drills, costing £3,000, should be sent to all parts of the conntry to bore for water. Mr BUBGOYNE thought the Mining on Private Property question a difficult and delicate one to deal with ; he approved of bonuses to encourage mining but great care should be exercised in granting them. He approved of prospect' ing with diamond drills. Mr MOORE approved of a Mining on Private Property Act with compensation to owners, and agreed with Mr Burgoyne as to bonuses and diamond drills. Mr COGLIN would grant bonuses to all native industries, if there WBB money with which to do it. Mr BUBGOYNE would give a bonuB establishment to any native industry which it could be shown had a chance to sup port itself with tbe assistance of 10 per cent duties for revenue purposes. The Lobethal factory, for example, had got bonus and deserved it. All the candidates approved of the Eocla railway, via Phillip's Ponds, on the land grant principle as proposed. Mr BURGOYNE had not voted on the Totalizator Bill; he did not consider it part of his duty as a member of Parliament to authorise any form of gambling He was of opinion that tbe State should not legislate on gambling, but leave it to the moral restraint of public opinion. The Gaming Act was a dead letter, and be expected to see it swept away. Mr COGLIN would not favor the with drawal of ^members' railway passes, in the event of their being paid. He would not allow their wives and families to go free but would give free passes to . alt parsons —even including the Captain-General of the Salvation Army. Mr BUBGOYNE strongly disapproved of members using their passes for private purposes, but would oppose the withdrawal of the passes—they should be used for parliamentary purposes only; and he himself bad never travelled a mile on his pass on private business. It should be a point of honor with members not to employ a pass given for public purposes to their private advantage ; but he could not see how a line could be drawn by the legislature, as members might mix up private and public business. It wae decidedly to the advantage of constituencies and of the colony that members of Parliament should frequently visit their own districts, and travel through the country acquainting themselves with its character and necessities. Mr MOOBE agreed with Mr Burgoyne. Mr COGLIN woutd oppose the recouping of the Jubilee Exhibition guarantors if any loss resulted lrom that undertaking, Mr BURGOYNE would most strongly insist npon the guarantors bearing the burden they had taken upon themselves. The Assembly had passed the Bill on the faith of tbo guarantee that no extra expense should fall upon the State. He was one of those who resisted strenuously the refunding of the £14,000 deposit on the Ooean Dock scheme. Mr MOOBE con sidered that the repayment of the Ocean Dock deposit was a most disgraceful affair, and would strongly oppose any Buch similar job in connection with the Exhibition guarantee. Mr Coglin was in favor of a uniform rate per mile for the carriage of goods on the railways. Mr BUBGOYNE said that the syBtem could not be.carried out. The expenseB of loading and unloading must be considered, and the shorter the distance the greater waB the expense proportionally. It would be necessary, however, to revise tbe present railway tariff and place it on a more satisfactory footing. Mr MOOBE did not think a uniform rate could be equitably adopted. All tbe candidates opposed assisted immigration at present, as it was not required. Mr COGLIN would not have the Transcontinental rail wayfinisheduntil the colony was less troubled with debt. The completion would not be necessary for a number of years to come. Mr BUBGOYNE was a member of the Royal Commission appointed to take evidence and bring in a report to Parliament on the line. He could not therefose answer now and give a prejudged opinion. Mr MOOBE considered the completion of the line a question of time. He would like to see the evidence taken by the Commission before coming to an opinioD as to when andbow tbe line should be completed. He might be inclined to carry it further than at present authorised. Mr COGLIN had not studied the question of Decentralization. Mr BUBGOYNE had shown by his votes in the House how strongly he objected to the evil. Mr MOOBE held the same views on the subject as Mr Burgoyne. Mr COGLIN thought that the Marine Board did very well. Mr BURGOYNE and MOOBE preferred Harbor Trusts to tbe Board. Mr COGLIN had been 25 years in the and bad not accepted & Government appointment; be was not going o take one now. (Laughther.) Mr UBGOYNE approved of and had voted for r Moule'e Bill for preventing members f Parliunept from accepting Govern-, o a B r g g s b w w C pa a A c at a g th tb s th in ft appointments within six months after ceasing to be members. Mr MOORE would go further, and make tbe term of restriction 12 months. Mr COGLIN would cnt up the Government farm at Belair into working men's blocks; also the aboriginal reserves for half castes. Mr BURGOYNE had no objection to the scheme, provided that it could be shown that good would result. Mr MOOBE concurred. In reply to the question whether the candidates were in favor of candidates for Parliamentary honors depositing £25 with their nomination papers, to be forfeited in the caBe of any of them who failed to poll one fourth of the voteB obtained by the loweBt successful candidate, Mr COGLIN declined to be dictated to. (Great laughter). Mr BURGOYNE. was inclined to tbink that tbe proposal would not work well, and that it might prevent ..poor but eligible candidates from coming forward. Mr MOOBE agreed with Mr Burgoyne. Mr BUBGOYNE did not think a £30 poll tax on Chinese necessary. Tbe Government had already power under existing laws to exclude Chinese from gold fields, by refusing them mining permits, as unnaturaliBed Asiatic aliens. Mr MOORE concurred. Mr COGLIN was in favour of getting rid of the Northern Territory. Mr BUBGOYNE could not see that it had been of any advantage to South Australia, and would not object to its severance. Mr MOORE considered that the Territory had been a sort of " Old Man of the Sea" to Sonth Australia, and that it would be a good thing to get rid of, but he did not see how. Mr COGLIN would increase the land tax on country south of Goyder's line—if he could get a majority for it—nothing could be done without a majority. (Laughter.) Mr BUBGOYNE would not increase the Land Tax, since by the abolition of subsidies, local burdens would have to be borne by local taxation, and by tbe extension of local government additional land taxation would be practically imposed. Mr MOORE would adjuBt tbe incidence of present taxation, but would increase the land tax in preference to one on property. Mr BUBGOYNE did sot support the imposition of a progressive land tax at present, but in time be thought it would become necessary, in order to make large landed proprietors offer inducement! for tbe occupation of land and foritautilisa* tion for other purposes than those of sheep pastarage. Mr MOORE believed that • progressive land tax would come in time. All the candidates were io favor ol liberalizing the licensing laws with regard to building restrictions, and of granting licenses for inexpensively erected house* offering reasonable accommodation in rural and ontside districts. They all approved also of licence fees being paid into local revenues on the formation of shires. The CHAIRMAN announced that the Hon. Thomas Playford (who had entered the Hall during the questioning, and bad met with a great reception) would address the meeting, and bespoke a fair and impartial hearing • for " him. -(Great applause). Mr THOMAS YOUNG, J.P., moved, and Mr MURDOCH seconded, a vote of thankB to the old members for Newcastle, Messrs Burgoyne and Coglin, for paBt services and the exposition of their views, and to Mr Moore, the new candidate, for hia attendance and address.—Carried by acclamation. Mr BUBGOYNE in responding Baid that it had been a great pleasure to him to represent Newcastle for the laBt three years. He hoped to retain the .confidence previously expressed in his ability and faithfulness, and to be again returned, in which case he would do his utmost for the electorate and the colony. Mr COGLIN felt that a great honor had been conferred upon him by the electors in returning him at previous elections without his having visited the constituency— which he was nnable to dp. He hoped that tbey would return him again, and they might rely on his political fidelity. Mr MOOBE thanked the electors for the kind and patient hearing' according to him ; he had- addressed many meetings throughout the electorate, and had always met with the same courteous reception. Tbe electoral meetings of Newcastle were a pattern to the colony. The CHAIRMAN then called upon the Hon. Thomas Playford, who spoke as reported in our last issue. THE WESIEYAN CHUBCH.—The Rev E Barber preached a farewell sermon in the Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening last, taking for his text II Corinthians, c. KIII, v. 14, " The grace of the Lord 'Jesus Christ, aud the love of God, and the Communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all, amen." Mr Barber left for Adelaide on Monday morning, en route for Yankalilla, his next circuit. His aucoesBor, the Rev John C. Hill, who is to arrive at Easter, is a South Australian ; he was educated at Prince Alfred College, and has lately been stationed at Aldgate. The rev gentlemen was married a few days ago to Miss Goldsmith, daughter of the Rev C. H. Goldsmith, WeBleyan Minister. AFUNEBALQUESTION.—" A Subscriber,' Farina, wishes to know whether a corpse should be taken to the cemetery feet firat, or head first When our time comes it will be a matter of indifference; but as a question of undertaking practice, we believe that the feet have precedence. VIGILANCE COMMITTEE. — On Friday night the P.A. Vigilance Committee met at the Exchange Auction Mart, and correspondence from variouis parts of the district was read. The accuracy of the report furnished by the Secretary of the Quorn Vigilance Committee, as to tbe voting on a motion supporting the candidature of Messrs Burgoyne and Playford, waB impugned by one member ; and after a good deal of discussion the Secretary (Mr A. Barratt) was requested to proceed to Qaorn next day, ascertain tbe feeling there and report to theCommittee on Saturday night after the arrival of the Adelaide train. On Saturday night, therefore, the Committee, and a considerable number of the outside pnblic, assembled in the Exchange Auction Mart. The Chair, man, who had alBO visited Quorn, reported that so far as he had been able to ascertain the general feeling there was in favour of Messra Burgoyne and Playford, but that Mr White had also a number of supporters, and that Mr Moore did not appear to have the " ghost of a show in Quorn." He had been informed that there was only ne member of the Qaorn Committee gainBt the resolution in favour of Messrs urgoyne and Playford. The Secretary eported similarly; he had talked with a ood many supporters of Messrs Buroyne, Playford, and White, and bad met ome who favored Mr Coglin, but had not een able to see or bear of half a dozen ho would support Mr Moore. There ere different accounts of the Vigilance ommittee vote, given by men who were resent. Some said the motion was loBt y one vote, others that it was carried by small majority, others by a large one. prominent local supporter of Mr Moore hallenged the accuracy of the reports nd a lively time ensued ; eventually the roubled waves of speech were stilled, and roar of laughter eneued on Mr Barratt iving as his authority for the statement at Mr Moore had so chance in Qaorn e name of that gentleman's strongest upporter in that town. The meeting en broke up amicably. £ further meetg of the Committee will be held to-night t the AuetionMvt »t 9o'CME, 