TURF TOPICS AMD ANTICIPATIONS. By Asmodbcs. It ha3 become quite a familiar experience for CaulQold to toll out the old year and Fleming- ton ring in tho nenr. Boxing day eu\y Mr. Bond and hia colluboraUurs faithfully perform their portion of the annual contract, and it now remains for tho V.R.C. executive to follow up tho season s ic3Uvuios .with Becoming maf. Of Caulfleld and its doings I eliall have some thing to say later on, and at present I mu3t direct my attention to tho formidable pro gramme awaiting discussion on tho Saltwater flat, whore the gathering promisea to bo tho most imposing ovor associated with the New Year's fixturo at head-quarters, Tho two han dicaps which have been on approbation for such a length of time will form tho principal objects of attraction, aud both these ovonts hare on former occasions been so exhaustively criticised in these columns that nothing remains but to advanco my final opinions thoroon in as concise and doflnito a form as possible, to gether with similar rrfcronco to tho remaining events requiring attention. Racing will com mence at 1 o'clock, when mi imposing field will assemblo at tho top of tho straight to mca9uro strides for the Standish Handicap. Tho com- petitors who will place luomsoires under Mr. Watson's flag will bo chcsca from tho follow- iug PROBABLE STARTERS. 1 lor sc. st. lb. WILLIAM TELL, by Kettledrum— Flora, G yrs. 1) 5 (White nd red body, whlto sleeves uud cap). BOOLKA, by Gloritiu— Bridget, ascd .. ..9 5 (White and icd body, white sleovei and cap). SHEET ANCHOR, by St. Albans— Quech Mary, \- aged .. .. Q ,0 (Green and whlto stripes, red cap). . . s . DUNLOP, by Neckersgat— Etta, 4 yrs 8 12 (Red, black ilcert i aud cap). CORONET, by Su Albans— Friua Donna, 4 yrs. 8 11 (Blue, black cap). ST. JOHN, by Conrad— Euphrosy tie, 6 yrs. ., 8 4 (Cardinal, blue cap). POCAHONTAS, by St. Albaus— Miss JicUsou, sued ... .. ... fi 2 (Block, while spots). HOGMANAY, by Bonnto Carlisle— Ilesper, G yrs. 8 1 (Crhuaon and white hoops). QUINTIN MAT.SEP, by Tubal Cain— 1'rlde, aged 0 1 (Black jacket, yellow sleeves and cap), UMBRA, by Julian Avenel— Parachute ... ., 7 11 (All cardinal). THE GHOST, by namlct— Mystery .» 7 11 (Goranluiu, gold sash and cap). GARDENIA, by King cf die Riug— Fbur-de-Lls, aged 79 (Black, gold sasb), K0HAI, by Manuka— Idalla, 4 yrs, W. ». 7 9 (Violet, red cap), XANTIPPE, by Napoleon— Talkative ., 7 0 (lllock, gold seaius aud cap), DON GXOVAN, by Don Giovanni— Quickstep, 3 yrs. ... .» «. », 7 8 (All bluo),. Including 7 lb. penait/.i ' ' '.iMb. EDITH, by Glorious— Mnngana, 3 yrs. .. ... 7 5 (All cardlual). STRAIGHT SHOT, by Newmlnster— Ball's Eye, 5yrj. .. ... .. .. 7 5 (White, gold stars and cap). " - MARIE LOUISE, by Gang Forward— Josephine, ':5yrs;> .. \ .. - 7 5 ."v . - (Maroon, silver hoop and cap). KENNETH, by Jlaribyrnong— Mods, .3 yrs.' , . 7 4 . : (Green and whlto hoopi. red capX iBONKIE. BOON, by Manuka— Meiea, 4' yis. 7 4 : (Violet. tod.cAp). -E5PEIGLE, by Grandmaster— Saucebox,', ; 7 3 \- ; ' - (Bine, crimson stars).' SEDITION, by Neckcrsgat— Irish Queen, 4 yrs.. 7 0 :;v (Cardinal, white sleeves and cap). LOUISE BUI'.TA, by DaiTiwcll— Aletlic, 3 jti .. 6 12 (Rose, griean sleeves', tartan cap). MARONEY,'by Captttator— Mcta/aged .; " .. 6 11 (Blue, crimson stars). ; DUFFSniN, by Ainassador— Eugenie, 3 yrs, .. 6 9 ; (Biuo. white sleeves, black cap). MENOTTIj.by Dsrrlwell— Romula.;3 yrs, .. 6 9 . (Whlto, red sleeves and cap). LARA, by Conrad— Miss Harriet. 3 yrs. .. .. 6 9' r- ' (Yellow, black sash). ULALUME, by Free Citizen— Beeswing, 4 yrs, 6 8 \- - (White and red- botly, white alecves and cap). ) LADY'.BELL; by Countryman— Blue Bell, 4 yrs. 6 j 7 . (Brown, M'hite cap). HARVESTER, by Emulation — lit Ik 0' the Hills i maro, 4 7". ... .. .. G , 7 . (Blue, while slcercs, black cap). MAUOONDAH,'by Acglcr— Lurllnc, 4 yrs. - - 6 7 r. . . . . - (Purple, gold cap). ST. LOUIS, by Glorious— rerfection, 3 yrs. .. 6 6 (White,1 green spots, red cap). . FAIR PLAY, by i'cteriek—Kltiy Darling, 5yrs.. 6 5. BRIDEGROOM,' by Marlbyrnong— Bridesmaid, 4 ryrs; 6 4 i (White jacket, cerise spots and cap). CHICAGO, by The Drummer— Corisande, 3 yrs. 6 4 '.v , (Violet, red' c.«p), 8UAU2C, by Angler— Aco of Hearts, 3 yrs. .. 64 \- / , (Purple, gold cjp). RETORT, by First King— UepRrteo, 3 yrs. 6 0 (Maroon end gold). -FLYING FISH, by Gleninsrkie— Menuaid, 4 yrs. 6 6 (Maroon aud gold). " Tho fact of there being a difference of 3 st. 5 lb, between the maximum and minimum im posts, tells plainly of the heterogeneous character of the candidates, and as a number of the mora capable performers may possibly run with the intention of securing moro favor able treatment for the Newmarket Handicap, baokcra will set themselves no easy task in attempting to drop on to tho probable winner. Having on previous occasions minutely analysed the handicap, I shall now satisfy myself by narrowing down the issue to its most slender limits, and of the 42 candidates I would remain content to allow 30 to run against me, thereby restricting my team of probable winners to William Tell, Umbra, Xantippe, Don Giovan, Straight Shot, Kenneth, Dunlop, Kohai, Sedition, The Ghost, Harvester and Lady Bell. These are the animals I regard as enjoying a monopoly of the situation, but to rcduoe my pick to a quartet, I will name William Toll, Dunlop, Lara and Lady Bell, all of which are, I fell persuaded, uncommonly smart over tho straight 6 furlongs course. To further lessen my numerical chances, I shall ubido by William Tell and Lady Bell, the first named of which is a rocognised public perforator, and the latter, if I mistake not, an animal destined to' acquiro fame as a short di3tanco galloper. The final touches to hor preparation havo been applied at the Kingston establishment, where an abuudauce oi trying tackle is represented in Mozart, Meteor, Stafford, F.F., Tho Nun and Mistletoe; and provided Lady Boil has the genuino market ring in the paddock this after noon, eke will be well worth following. On the other hand, if her party ovince a desire to make u other arrangements " for the suocessful ap pearance of the daughter of Countryman, I would feel inclined to pin my faith to WILLIAM TELL, who is a great horso ovor tho distance, and on whom the public can roly on a straight run, regardless of market influences of any descrip tion whatsoever. While, thorofore, plumping for Mr. Miller'6 horse, I shall bo proparod to see the gallaut chestnut escorted home by Dunlop, Lady Bell or Harvester. If tboro ia a surprise in store, I take Kohai to be the most likoly to accomplish the same. The second item on the card is the Normanby Stakes, tho ffold for which promises to bo of only moderate dimensions, made up from tho following PROBABLE STARTERS. Celts, 8 si. 101b. fllUcs, 6 st. 7 lb. Horse Jockoy. BF.DOUIN, br c, by D&rriirell;— Black Gipsy (black, white ia»h and cap) .. Murphy ESOUTCitKUN.br c, by Musket— Rosctto (cerlsc, light bluo alcoves and cop) . . Iviray HORTENSK, lir f, by Gang Forward— Joacphluo (purple, orange sleeves and cap) Campbell JEUUSITE, br c, by Darrlwell— Tyroptan (cardinal, blue cap) Williamson LOYALIST, br c, by Tho Marquis— Loyal IXcrcsa (purple, gold cap) Walker M1S1LETUK, b I, by BoiworUi— Star of I.OYO (prlmrojo and rose stripes, rose cap) FIdd:s fPKRHAl'S, b f, by Gang Forward— Fer- ailrcnturc (white, black cap) .. Quinn SUMATRA, br f, by The Pontiff— Malacca (blue, gold sleeves, white cap) . .. Power t 10 lb. penalty. » 14 lb. ponaUy. Aa tho forfeits do not require to bo declared until tho day preceding tho race, a number of horses will be permittod to remain in up to the eleventh hour on tho off chauco of somethiug going amiss with Hortenso, Escutcheon or Por- haps, tho first named of which has proved horsolf head and shoulders above all horses of her year. So successfully did she carry her penalty in the Maribyrnoug Plato that thcro woro thoso who expected her to make still further concessions at Caulflold on Boxing day, but, as I opiuod in thoso columns, she was unablo to givo away tho wholesale allowance to my chosen repre sentative, Perhaps, who wont out at tho re munerative odds of 5 to 1, while 5 to 4 was the ruling quotation about tho Marlbyrnong Plate winner. To-day Hortenso will encountor Per haps and Escutcheon, her Monday's van quishers, on considerably bottor terms, aud after her uniform performances all through tho season it is ovident that, notwith standing hor extra impost, tlia majority of those who will havo tho temerity to faoo her this aftornoon will only do 89 on tho mythical forlorn hope. To all appcarancos tho is3uo will result in a fight between, tho two Morphotvillo bred fillies and Escutcheon, and in tho boliof that my Juvenilo Stakes nominee will on this occasion encounter defeat, I shall declsro unreservedly iu favor of HORTEXSE, Iwho may bo accompanied homo hv Escutcheon and Perhaps. Iu accordance with my standing jtenchant for following up horses who chance to be in a winning vein, I have no alternative but to assign tho Hurdle Race to Mosstrooper and Goodwood, and to stand or fall by a single- handed selection, I 6hall proclaim for iMOSSTROOPER, and name Goodwood and The Agent as tho inost likely animals to trouble him. The next item of discussion will be tho Bagot Handicap, the honors of which will be contested by a fine field selected from tho following PROBABLE STARTERS. ' ' ' ' 9«. lb. COMMOTION, by Panic— Evening Star, agod ..9 6 (Mac', white rash aad cap.) SARD1US, by Emulation- Ruby, G yr.«. .. .. C 11 \- (White, cold stu e and cap.) GRACE DARLING, by The Diver— Z<ie, aged .. 8 11 (Geranium, gold rasti and cap.) DURATION, by Ilugheudsn— lilnoomungle, 6 yrs. .. .. .. 8 9 "(Blue; gold spots and cap.) - SILVERMINE, bjr Nnpolcou— SHverimlr, 5 . yrs.- 8 8 (Old gold, purple smth.) BRITISHER, by Jolin Bull— Favorite, aged ..0 7 (Green, white stripes, rod cap.) METEOR, by St Albaos — Deception, C yrs. , .. 8 3 , (White, black sleeves, red cap.) RUFUS, by King of the Ring— Princess Alice, 5 yn. : .. .. ... .. ... 6 2 . (Cardinal, white sleeves and cap.) LORD WILTON, by Countryman— instep, 6 yrs. 3 2 (Brown, primrose sleeves and capi) . BOOLKA, by Glorious— Bridget, aged .. ..8 0 (Red and white body, wh to sleovca and cap.) RINUMASTER, by First King— Ynrrtley, 4 y". 7 9 ' . . (Brown, white cap,) CLAPTRAP, by Tim Whifiler— Talkative, aged 7 9 (Black, cold alcoves and cap.) CAHERINE, byllie Gondolier— Alice Drew, nged 7 7 (Brown, silver star, purplo cap.) RECALL,. by The Drummer— Jrocliette, 4 yrs... 7 7 (Black jaeket, red cnp.) CYCLOPS, by St. Albans— Jewess, 4 >'« . 7 5 (Maroon, sliver hoop anil cap.) TIIENUN, by First Kiug— rilgrlmage, 3yra ..7 5 (Primrose and rose stripes, rose cap.) THE LEV1TE, by Yattcndon— Q. E. D.. aged .. 7 1 (Purple, orange sl.nvc.i and cap.) ALL GOLD, by Infidel— Golden Locks, 4 yrs. 7 0 (Crimson and hoops.) ElirRESS, by The Diver— Sally Brasi, 6 yrs. .. 6 12 (Geranium, gold soah and cap.) METAL, by Tubal Cain— Stockrose, 5 yta. ..6 6 (Cardinal, while sleeves and cap.) DUFFERIN, by Ambassador— Eugenie, 3 yrs. ..0 5 /Rliin wlifti. «W.« 1)laV Mn.1 FISH 0' S1LVKK, l»y Angier— Nevada, 4 yra. 6 3 (Wlilte, veil bIcuyc, find cap. > HARVESTER, li. Emulation— Talk o< tho 11111 more, 4 yr. SO (Blue, white sleeve,, hUck cap). IMFUr.SE. hy Klnj? Cole—' Theorom, ajtcd ..6 0 (lied and trhii-t body, white sleeves and cap.) SHARK, hy Angler— Ace oMIcarts, 3 yr,. ..GO (Purple, sold cap.) WESTERN", by St. Albaa.— Peter Wllklns mare, aged .. .. .. ..6 0 (Blue and vrlitte stripes, blue cap.) Long distance contests invariably command the lion's share of attention at Flomington, and for this reason the Bagot Handicap will put forwnrd undeniable claims to be considered the oront pa r excellence of to-day's programme. The fiold will not bo so largo as that for tho Standish Handicap, but this deficiency in num bers will bo more than uoinpousated for by Ihu quality of the competitors, amongst which aro some famous performers iu Commotion, Grace Darling, Sardius, Duration, Silvermine, Britisher, Meteor, Itufus, Lord Wilton, Boolkt, Ringmaster, Claptrap, Tho Nun, &c.; Mr. Barnard has succeeded in imparting a decidedly Battering tone to tho handicap, and on paper form there aro any number of contestants who appear to bo invested with oscolient pros pects of sucoass. Of tbeso Commotion, Sardius, Silvermine, Metoor, Lord Wilton, Ringmaster, Claptrap, Camcrine, Tho Nun and All Gold are conspicuous. Commotion is fairly well handicapped at 9 at. 6 lb., and were tho veteran to strip in his old form ho would be ablo to carve out one of tho fastest jour- noys ovor accomplished at Flomington ; but duo allowance must bo made for age and ser vice on tho turf, and satisfactory as havo boon tho votoran's recent doings on tho training ground, I incline to thobolief that he will bavo to Uncoil under to some moro youthful adversary. Sardius is another animal who has recently boon dolighting the touts, aud whenever the porsovoring Coffey nicks this beau ideal of a racehorso his opponents can reckon on experi encing a bad time. I prefer Silvermine to either Graco Darling, Duration, Britisher or Rufus, tho last named of which has only reappeared nftor being absent from tho turf for a couplo of years. Lord Wilton, Ringmaster, Claptrap and Camorino aro each (and all favorably positioned in the han dicap, but I fancy if All Gold is placed in full commission lie will ho capablo of silencing U10 lot, and others into the bargain. Tho Kingston division possess two strong strings to their bow in Meteor and The Nun, who has 19 lb. less to carry than when she won the Oaks. This filly is being so splendidly handicapped that she is bound to win an important race before tbo end of tbo season. Cyclops is supposed to bo anothor good thing lying fallow, whilst Tho LeTito and Recall are tho most likoly to ran forward amongst tbo others. To mako a cast for tho winner 1 will centro my hopes iu ALL GOLD, Nest to whom Silvermine, Lord Wilton and tho elect of Kingston, Meteor or Tho Nun, may finish most prominently. Notwithstanding the misfortunes ho en countered on Boxing day, I shall look to CONTINGENT to win the Steeplechase, and name Curiosity and Lady Ashton as likely equerries during tho homeward journoy. At Caulfleld Damocles suocossfully accom plished the mission I assigned him in tho con cluding evont of tho day, and this afternoon I 6hall look to his stable confrere, ESCUTCHEON, to accord me similar sorvico in tho Critorlon Stakes, with which ovent affairs will terminate. Should Mr. Dakin decido to havo another cut at Hortenso and Perhaps in the Normanby Stakes, I shall fall back on Liedertaful and The Wave as my joiat representatives. If tho attendance at Caulflold on Boxing day did not como up to expectation it was soioly on account of tho provalonco of a " brickfloldor" during the forenoon, the samo rendering par ticipation in outdoor amusements of any kind a matter of serious misgiving. Not until tho afternoon was well advanoed did the wind veer round to tho south, bringing about tho desired change in tho atmosphere, and the turn of the weatborcook boing acaompaniod by a couple of light showers. The unreliable Mistake oponed proceedings by once more disappointing his friends, who, nothing daunted by his Elstern- wiok Park failure, again installed him favorite. A new aspirant for plating honors cropped up in Hot Iron, n 3-yoar-old son of Tubal Cain, who was quite the outsider of a party of five which faced the flag. For tbe Hurdle Race the Dowling Forest division put forward one of their periodical short priced candidates in Mosstrooper, who unfortunately came to griot, as also did Aristides, Louis and T.B., without, however, any injury to their respective riders. Goodwood's victory showed the steeploohasor to be possessed of consider&blo; pace, and but for tbo habit of severely cutting himself whei' negotiating big timber ho would be an invalu-' ablo performer ovor the higher fences. It was a great finish between Kobai and Tho Levito for the Summor Cup, and but for the last named going out of his way to Bavage the Tasmauian bred horse in the run homo, it was possible for hint to have reversed the head verdict by w hich ho lost. Foulshain has made marvellous im provement in the eon of Manuka, who is not nearly the unreliable performer the Kingston people pronouncod him when thoy relegated him to the private sales lisr. As predicted in theso columns, Hortenso was unable to coaccda the woigbt asked of her to Perhaps, though tho public generally were quite of a different idea, as instanced by tbe short odds of S to 4 at which tho Maribyrnong Plato horoiuo left tbe paddock. Esoutuheon also oaused surprise by finishing in advance of the favorite, and more will doubt less be heard of this improving son of Musket- Promotion and Contingent, the two favorite picks for the Steeplechase, come to grief early in tbe fray, while other good jumpers like Rou lette, Salesman and Reticent also kissed earth. Ruby's well knowu pace served her at the finish, for when it came to racing Bho easily cut down Curiosity, whose perfeot foncing was a leading feature of tho contest. Damocles wound up a grand afternoon's sport by successfully per forming the task Iset him in the Mabvern Han- dicap. Disastrous as was the Boxing day's racing at Caulfleld to tho rank.and lilo of backers, no more cheoriug results transpired at Randwiok, whore the separate defeats of Hexham, Hunt- iugtowor, Soldier Boy, Signer and Yellow Jaokot told of a series of reverses encountered by punters. Hexham disappointed hia admirers amazingly in tho Summer Cup, the winnor of which turned up in tho outsider Dagobert, who was nicely handicapped at 7 st. 2 lb. , and cut out the miio nud a half in tbo splendid time of 2 ruin. 39 sec. Dagobert is handicapped at 7 st; for tbo Tattorsall's Club Cup, and at 7 st, 4 lb. for tho Carriugtou Stakes ; for - tho first named orent he has incurred a 7 lb. penalty, and for tho latter ho will require to put up 10 lb. extra, bringing bis imposts to 7 st. 7 lb. and 8 st. respectively. Myall Kiug has at last showed eomo of his true form by ruuniug second to Dagobert, and tbe fact of Kitawa getting third place with 7 st. 6 lb. tells of soma moderato talent in tho rear of the leaders. The Docomber Stakos brought out another victori ous Chester in Abercorn, who thus credited Mr. White with his most important 2-year- old victory of the season. There were soma who deemed Abercorn lucky in getting home, inasmuch aa Kelso was thought to be uaughl napping on Huotiugtower, who was made ar odds on favorilo. To-day that thriving institution Known ai Tattorsall's Ciub will take the field with a pro gramme of recherche excellence, the two princi pal ovonts boing the Club Cup, of 509 60 vs., and tbo Lady Carringtoa Plate, for 2-year-oida, tc which a similar sum is added. Tom Brown should go very near winning tho first named race, and next to him I like Arsenal and Myaii King. Tho Lady Carrington Slakes I shall allot to Huntingtower. On Monday tbo running will be taken up with tho C'arriugton Stakes, of 1000 sors., tho chief honor of wliioh may be appropriated by Sorella, Dagobert, and Cai in the order named. On Wednesday next nominators will be busfi) engaged filling up entry forms, tor on that day nominations closo for tbe two big back end handicaps, tho Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap. On the samo day Mr. Bond will bo ready to receive. subscriptions for tho Oak leigh and' Ha wksbnru Handicaps Tho following are the amounts to be transmitted tvitl th« several entries \— nbtvmatucit Handicap, y.R.C., 3 ears. Australian Cup, V.R.C., 5 sovs. Oakleigh Handicap, V. A.T.C., 2 sovs. Hawksiiurn Handicap, V.AT.C., 2 sovs. Considering that postponements aro usually indicative of uon-suocess, tho Elatomwiok Park authorities have reason to fool satisfied with tho measure of patronage extended to their ad journed galhering. The charming weather, which prevailed tvas in agreeable contrast to tho atmospherical surroundings which caused thodoformont of operations, aud althougil the Soids woro somewhat diminished, souio fait sport was indulged in. Backers profited by the opening and oonoludiug victories of Walhalla and Hogmanay, though tho separate defeatt of Gardenia, Mistako and Reticout to'd badly against those who followed tho favcritci throughout. Olds rodo a fin race on Wulballa, with whom Mr. Miller has done uncommonly woll sinco ho bocamo possessed of the broken winded son of Bias-de- Fer. Ccstus appears tc be partial to the Elsternwick Park course, wheroon bo gained his second victory, not, howover, without another head and head finish. It was Gorry's first appoar- anco siuco ho canio to griof on Leshia at Sand hurst, aud tho rising light weight mot with a favorablo recaption. Reticout, steered by Batty, was a strong tip for tho Stcoplechasc, only to again deceivo his supportors, who .must well nigh havo had enough of this disappoint ing performer, who has nover scored a wis since ho took down Lady Ashton's number iu tho Maiden Stoeplcchass at Fleming ton.- Tho Solliug Raco afforded a renewal of ac quaintanceship with another gay dcooivcr in Mistake, who fairly placed in the hole those who accepted tbo short odds of 5 to 4. X failed to miilet-stand tho running of Ariel, wht I was not nearly in the samo form as at Aloone Valley the preceding week. Neither did Soldier. JBiy display his trua ranningf in the Elsternwick (Ear k Handicap, won easily by Hogmanay, bout whom backers made no mistake in ac- capUhjr the. short odds of 7 to 4. The Elsternwick fark authorities are in the fEffd with, their February programme, which cantaiha a big boom in tho Brighton Cup, of 300 ansa,, distance 1 mile 1 furlong and a halt As the nomination is wisely limited to 1 sovereign there is bound to be a bumper entry, and it will tmlyrequixsa careful adjustment of the weights . to aommand a.numerous acceptance of 3 sovs. each. £300 to £4 will indeed be a stake worth going for,, the only deduotions being 30 sovs. far-second horse and 15 so vs. for third. The other-events aro also of good value, namely, Hindi o race, Steeplechase, Flying Handicap and Sailing Race,, all of 100 sovs. All nomina tions aro limited to 1 sov. Entries require to ho made with the secretary before 4 p.m. on Monday, 24th January. The time will soon como whon racing men, tiks other daily toilers in this busy world of strife, will undertake the annual tri > to Tas mania in searah of rcnowod health and vigor. The local clubs north and south of the charming island aro alro'ady making preparation for the recaption of visitors, and notwithstanding the menacing attitudo of tho bookmakers in consc- quoncaal tho conntenanoe extended to " that dmadfnl machine," I have littlo foar that the the high tonod threats of tho metallicianst It is very certain that without the turf bookmakers would cease to exist, but with the assistance of \- the tolalinator it is equally evident that the turf would flourish to a far greater extent even without tho presence of tho leather lunged fra- tornity ulio have reaently forced their presence an onr racecourses to suoh an objectionable extent. The threatened withdrawal of " ring " patronage has not deterred the Launceston dub from coming forward with a liberal pro- gramma to be played out on tho 16th and 17th February. The Launoeston Cup, of 250 sovs. , iaa prize well worth trying for, in addition to whiah tho Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap, of HID 6 ova, the Mowbray Hurdle Race, of 100 60vs.vand the Stecploohaee, of 100 sovs., are zurunonnsidorod trifles. The remaining events which go to complete the bill of faro jars sat forth in our advertising co lumns. I would remind intending Victorian inmmnatnrs that entrios for the Two- year-old fltokns,. Launceston Cup, T.T.C. Handicap and gtmplmhase close on Wednesday next, tho 5th ihsh Nominations will bo received by tho sec retary of the T.R.CL, Hobart; V.R.C., Mel bourne; A.J.C., Sydnoy ; S.A.J.C., Adelaide; and.at tha. T.T.C. office, Brisbane Hotel, Laun- CEBfitOD. Banhrmtkors have recently been made the viittimm of some savage assaults. An "out- huLb " layer of odds named George Smith, a well hahaTel member of the junior bettors, wos tho first subject operated noon, his nrnmilnnta being the well known pngilist Fetor Newton, and his prottlgi Lees, who proved him- seffisuuh an arrant ooward in his late glove aonteat with the blaokielloiv Jackson. Un doubted aravon as hs showed himself in the ermmint-pr referred to, he is allogod to have been, an; fiat at kicking a helnless ODDonent who had. previously beon grounded on the Swanston- ptxeetpsTemant by Newton. Lees, it is well known,, t-onk: flight to New Zealand, leaving bis confrere to answer the charge, for which he wan miduted.in the small fine of £10. Such a verdict wos totally inadequate to the oflbncnamLm view of this trivial feo for the Luxury of smashing a fellow citizen we find rnimhnr bangor on of the turf pnrlicus, named JLnary, oouunitting an assault on a well known- member of the ring named Mr. James Jnilsray. The attack took place in open day light, am the Elsternwick Park racecourse, and, although the Brighton justices found the ac- noBod. guilty of the offence, they were oven more ImriBnt than Mr. Coll, and imposed a nominal fine: oils- only, which, however, carried costs of £4- 4s. The leniency with wbioh offenders nEfhs Lass,. Newton and Loary type have been treated by- our magistrates renders one's ex istence extremely prearious, more especially at sporting-gatherings, where such characters are invariably to bo found. \- Although Creawick, Mistaken, Alphabet, Tbe Lamia and others of Q.E.D.'e progeny have shown their ability to gallop, thoy have like wise developed other family characteristics of m ifflfhrent order. For instance, Mist tken and Alphabet only raced when the humor prompted them, and occasionally r n liko hacks, albeit thair- premier performances showed them to be pnaaeaed df considerable racing merit. The trnffinm Creawick and Tho Levito also possess tempera of their own, and in this respeot tho family history repeated itself at Caulfield on Bbsiag:day. Three years ago to the day Cres- vsrick appeared to be winning comfortably on the TTmfli whan he turned-to and commenced to sraraga Mistake, who had challenged him. This Elite divergence lost him the race by the shortest of heads, and I was forcibly reminded Jjjsxite similarly assailed Kohai in ths final BtroggJe far ths Summer Cup with a like re- esI), viz., a bare head dofeat. Savaging and eoirardica may truly be said to bo strong traits cf Q.E-D.'s offspring. Elsewhere appears the January programme to be dispensed at Elsternwick Park. It em braces half a dozen items, viz. i— Tho Time Handicap Trot, of 60 sovs. ; Hurdle Race, of 75 eovs.; January Handicap, of 75 sovs.; Two- year-old Si akes, of 50 sovs.; Selling Race, of 75 sovs.; and Elsternwick Park Handicap, of 100 COVE. Entries require to be made with Mr. Heydon, tho secretary, before 4 p.m. on Tues- feijr next, 4th January. I sun told a good story by a friend, who, on' Boxing day, visited a race meeting with'n 50 miles of Melbourne. In one of tbo events de cided three of tho leading horses finished so cktso together that tho spectators wero un decided as to which had won, and to tbs dis may of those who immediately cast their eyes In Ute direction of the judge's box tho official recorder was found to bo n on at. There was nothing for it bat to bold a consultation of teratU and oUiou interested, and, totally dis- regarding the V.R.C. rule bearing on the point' at issue, it was, by mutual consent, decided to award the raos to one of the three horsea Whether the animal in question came in first does not appear at all olear, seeing that there was a wide difference of opinion on tho sub ject amongst tho spectators in the vicinity of the judge's box. However, the parties most in terested appeared perfectly satisfied by the arrangement agreed to, and what at first sight threatened to bo a serious embroglio resulted in a most amicable arrangemont, and this in defiance of racing law. Mr. James White was to tho fore with his two-year-olds Abercorn and Perfume, at Rand- wick, on Boxing day. The iastnamed is Vic torian bred, being by Newininster from Prim rose, and consequently full sister to New- master, winner of tbe Maiden Plate at Caul- field, Both wero bred by Mr. Thomaa Chirn- side, at Werribce Park. General entries for the Sydney Tttrf Club meeting will close on the 10th instead of the 3rd of January, as originally announced. The aged chestnut gelding Cestns, winner of the December Handicap at Elaternwick Park, is described as being by Tho Drummer from Clio. On reference to VoL II. of the tstud Book I find that in 1878 Clio throw an mmamed chestnut colt to The Drummer, and that the preceding year she foaled a chestnut filly named Cestus to Vain Hope. into reveals a discrepancy which it would be well for thoso interested to clear up. Fagg, the rider of Perhaps in tho Juvenilo Stakes at Caulfield, was suspended for three months for disobedience at the post. The Victorian bred Nelson has again been delighting tbe Maorilanders with deeds of valor, for on Boxing day he carried tbe top weight of 9 st. 8 lb. to victory in tbe Auckland Cup of 1000 sovs., and compassed the two miles and a quarter in 4 min. 3 J sec. Waitari, 7 st. 9 lb., finished second, and Clogs, 6 st. 12 lb. , third. At Randwick, on Boxing day, Mr. Devlin exercised bis prerogative as a starter by order ing Lord of the Lake back to tbo paddock, owing to bis rider's disobedience at the post ior the Summer Cup, and considerable delay ensued before another jockey was obtainable. DamocleB bad the misfortune to split his hoof in the Malvern Handicap on Boxing day. Trah&n;, who recently handed in the " black and gold " jacket to Mr. J. Whittinghara, suc cessfully inaugurated bis newly formed identity with Foulsbam's stable by steering the uncer tain Kohai to victory in the Summer Cup, at Caulfield. The handicaps for tho Victorian Club meet ing, to be held at Caulfield on the 22nd inst, are due on Wednesday next. Ellis, the well known middle weight jockey, is said to have severed bis connection with Mr. James White's stable. Messrs. W. C. Yufile and Co. will hold a series of important sales on Tuesday next, when several thoroughbred yearlings and three and fonr-year-old horses, chiefly by Glorious, will be submitted on account of Mr. J. Mit chell, of Tsbletop ; 20 head oi three, four and five-year-old geldings by Glorious, from thoroughbred mares, will also bo offered. In addition, the catalogue will con tain several lots on account of Mr. W. Bryant, Mr. J. V. Smith, and other owners ; also tbe whole of Messrs. Stratford Strettle's trotting stud. Harvester's sale does not appear to have boen bona fide. At any rate ho won the LadtCB' Bracelet at Wincholsea in Captain IIaime9s colors, and is likely to don tbe same livery in tho Standish Handicap to-day. Further, a little bird chirrups that there are more unlikely things than that Mr. Waklcy will bo called upon to hoist his number. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. held a sale of thoroughbred stock on 23rd Doc. at TattersaU'a Bazaar, when tbo following lots were sold : — On account of Captain Haimos : Ragman, br b, 4 yrs., by Robinson Crusoe — Ragpicker, Mr. Clarke, 80 guinea's; Norfolk, b b, agod, by Stockham — Fleetwing, Mr. Willis, 60 guineas ; Harvester, b b, 4 yrs., by Emulation— Talk o' the Hill mare, Mr. Ferry, 370 guineas. On account of owner: Baron Necker, b g, 4 yrs., by Neckersgat— Ursula, Mr. Coultbard, 15 guineas. 