Tie Novelist, JAMES .DAUN:TON:S,"I,ATE; r ". - ; *::. : V r. - IT.. I- fVr'e* ii,T' . ry-'/S : . TkOW, nEST TUBUSHED.]^ . ?...?v-inra. ??. . . f . BT;I)OBJi;Bp»SELL, .Anthor of f* The "Vicar's ; Governess," "Foofc ; . prints inthe Snow," &o.; {Continued from our last isstu.) CHIPTEE H.-CONTINUED., \- She was roused-by someone knocking at the bedroom door. She scarcely could find voice to answer this summons. It was Siddell, Sir James's old and trusted servant, .who stood there pale and 'with tears in his eyes. " Oh, Miss Butler," he 6aid, *' will you come to Sir James? It's just awful to see him sitting there with his broken heart." : Alice put her hand to her head as if trying to remember. Could anyone be as miserable as % she was? Yes, his poor father. The shame, the loss, was his also. "Yes, Siddell/' she said, looking at him with her woeful eyes. "You know then?" she added. " It's a terrible business, miss," answered Siddell, " terrible for everyone. ' But it will ' just kill Sir James." Alice made no reply. The sun was shining into the room, and she went slowly to the window and polled down the blind. The old servant watclied the action, and put out his hand deprecatingly. " Oh, not that yet, miss, surely P" he said. "Iam not quite cure he is dead, Siddell," . she answered. " They murdered him (and she shuddered) for his watch and rings. Arthur Daunton says so-and-and-flung him into the sea." "How can Mr. Arthur know tha*, Miss?" said Siddell, almost sharply. " All wo know is, that for three days Mr. James has not been heard of. It is too soon to talk of his death." Again Alice looked in Siddell's face. "There is no hope," she said, almost below her breath, in a voice of exquisite pain. " He loved his father-at least, he loved his father for his sake. If he were alive he would let us know." "I will not give up hope, Hiss Butler queer things occur. Mr. James may be. too ill to write; who knows? There is a mystery about it-I, for one, Trill not give up hope." "Oh, Siddell, have you hope?" said the poor girl, and she ran up to the old servant and took his hand; "really hope? Are'you not just saying it to comfort Sir James, and comfort me?" It was piteous to see her; the quivering lips, the anxious, inquiring eyes. " But he does not know all," she thought the next minute, dropping Siddell's hand; "he has not seen Arthur's letter; he does not know the truth.'1 . "I say this, Miss," answered Siddell, sturdily, " that if it were three months instead of three days that we ^d not heard of Mr. James, I would not give up hope-ay, nor three years, neither." " Three months ?" repeated Alice dreamily; " no, not three month^-not till the sea gives up its dead." She spoke almost as if she were thinking aloud, as if she had forgotten Siddell's presence. "Let us try to keep up our hearts. Miss, for the sake of Sir James," urged SiddeU; "he is wrapped up in Mr. James, and he is an old man-wo must think first of him." Alice sighed wearily. Oh! how wearily. But she had a sweet, unselfish nature, and se she told Siddell she would go to Sir James. And when she saw the old man sitting in his hopeless misery she went up and kissed his pallid cheek. " My father," she said, and put her band in his. It was the first time she had called him by this name, the first time she had kissed him, and the old man's bowed head fell on her shoulder. , " My dear! my dear!" he sobbed. "I will be your daughter. I will never leave you," said Alice, tenderly. " I will try to comfort you." V James may return still," said Sir James,* in a broken voice, "my dear, we must hope still; will you telegraph to Arthur and tell him to get London detectives? Tell him to summons Mr. Andrews, my lawyer, from ' town. Let nothing be left undone; if he is alive we must find him." "I will telegraph at once," said Altce, gently, and she did so, and sent Siddell away with her telegrams, and then returned to Sir James, and took his hand again in her own. But she did not tell him Iho story of the por . trait of the unknown woman that Arthur had written to her. Why should she tell him ? she asked herself; why add to his pain ? She must bear this wound alone-the bitterest of all that he whom she had loved so truly, was lured to his death by a stranger's fair face and words. And while the two who hid loved James Daunton best sat thus together, both silently thinking ofhim, the room door suddenly opened, and a lady in black entered unannounced. This was Mrs. Arthur Daunton, the widow of the late rector, and the mother of Arthur and Hugh Daunton, Sir James's nephews. She was a stout woman, and Bhe rushed effu sively up to Sir James, and seized his hand. " Oh, my poor dear James," she said, ." this Is sad news. I only heard it an hour ago, or I .wouldhave been down before. I heard it from Arthur; he says nothing can be heard of poor Jim!" She spoke very quickly, but she did not look by any means depressed at her nephew's dis appearance. Her once pretty face, indeed, beamed in spite of herself, for this broad, dis ©rderly-looking woman had once been pretty, and the poor rector had married her lor her beauty, and made a very serious mistake. "And you, ray poor girl, too," she con tinued, before Sir Jamet had time to answer Jx$r, now turning to Alice Butler. "How dreadful for you! 'Such anxiety, such uncer tainty,* aridVhcn you arc engaged to him!" To the proud, well-bred Dauntons "Mrs. Arthur,"; <19 she was ?alled^for years had been , a subject of inexpressible annoyance. At on© time < Sir James would scarcely receive her civilly at the court, but liis wifo's death and his own ill-health had changed his heart, and made him regard the things of this world in a different light to when he was a younger and stronger num. So for his brother's sake aud his nephews he tried to bear with his sifitcr-in ' law/ But she was in truth almost unendurable to him. She was so careless about her appear ance, so hasty in temper, so encroaching and presuming, that to a refined man liko Sir James her presence was a torture. She was also very avaricious, and was troubled with no fine scruples about asking for anything she wanted. " Arthur says it is supposed he was robbed and--" Mrs. Dauntonsaid next, but before she could proceed further with her speech, Alice Butler stopped her with an impressive gesture. "Do not folk of it at present Mrs. Dauntou/' she said; "we know nothing yet- and-and it is very faying to Sir James." " Of course, poor man," replied Mrs. Dauu ton, shaking her head, and looking with her little brown eyes at Sir James's pale, quivering face; "he must feel it; I am sure 1 feel it oh! indeed it's very sad." _ Of, what was she really thinking ? . She waB thinking *' he won't last long, poor jnati; lean see that, andnowthat Jim is out of my Arthur's way everything will bo all right.". And again her once comely face beamed in spite of her self. The poor broken-hearted father's IOBS was her gain. If James Daunton were dead, her eldest son, Arthur Daunton, was the direct heir to the title and estates. And in her narrow heart waa one strong instinct; she loved hpx son with a passionate, unreasonable love. She was jealous of his affection; she hated Alice Butler because she believed Arthur loved her; she had hated James Daunton be cause he had stood in her Arthur's way. But she did not tell anyone this. She would have kissed both Sir James and Alicc when she went away if they would have kissed her. As it was she pressed their hands, and called them " dears"' and " darlings," and was just taking her departure when another telegram arrived from Arthur Daunton, and slio insisted on staying to learn its contents. They were as follow: "The sea has at last cast up a relic of poor James; a handkerchief marked with his name waswashed ashore this morning.'* CHIPTEB TTT--A MESSAGE rsoir THE SEA. . And there was no doubt that the frail square of linen, which the sea had given up from its wild keeping, had once belonged to. James Daunton. It had drifted ashore entangled in some sea-weed, and was found in the early morning by a boatman, lying on the sand. Arthur Daunton had offered a large reward for the discovery of anything, or any informa tion connected with*the disappearance of his lost cousin, and the boatman tnereforo at once took the wet handkerchief to the castle. The name was .quite distinct, and it was easily identified as having really been James Daun ton's property, for it was one of a set, the rest of which were among his wardrobe. It was supposed to tell a melancholy tale. It had been washed by the waves from the dead man's pocket, it was thought, and few doubted now what had been the fate of James Daunton. He h«d been robbed and murdered, it was said, and his body thrown into the sea. But if this were so, the waves never brought liim back. " The hollow sounding and mysteriouH main" kept the secret, and the woman who should have been his wife, and the father who had idolised him, had not the poor comfort of standing by his grave. At the court the news fell as a crushing blow on Sir James, utterly breaking down the ill assumed hopefulness with which he had tried to buoy up Alice Butler's heart and his own. For hours after Arthur Daunton's telegram arrived he was in a fainting condition, and Mrs. Daunton refused to leave him, and kept watching his feeble breath with greedy eyes. But as he recovered he waved her away. "Tell her to go," he said in his weak, faltering voice to Alice, and Alice did tell her. "But, my dear, his own sister-in-law," re-, monstrated Mrs. Daunton, " surely I'm tlio person to be with him, not a young girl liko you-no relation, too." "He wishes me to bo with him," answered Alice, and Sir James held out his trembling hands towards her as she spoke. "Do let mo stay with you, dear James,"; urged Mrs. Daunton, but Sir James would not look at her, and made no answer. "You had better go," saidAlice, " youonly distnrb himand atlast Mrd. Daunton went, vowing vengeance in her heart against Alice Butler. But Alice never even noticed that she was angry. She scarcely saw her-she was think ing of the lonely coast and the silent witness ? that the sea-wash had carried to the shore, j What was the stout, red-faced woman who, bounced out of the room to her, a tender hearted, lovinjr girl, who had lost in one blow all that made life sweet or pleasant to her? But Mrs. Daunton went home to the rectory, and wrote in very angry fashion to her son Arthur at Tynmouth about "that Alice Butler." "She looks like a ghost," she in formed him "and though she must know your poor cousin Jim is dead, yet she gives herself airs, and takes possession of your uncle, exactly as if she were his daughter. It is too absurd! He, poor man, is evidently dying, and then, my Arthur, with a proud and happy heart, I shall see you master at the oourt." Arthur Daunton rewarded his mother's affec tion and good wishes by flinging this letter on the floor with a curse after ho had read it. He gave no love to his mother. She was almost us antagonifitical to him as hho was to Sir James. Her appearance, her affected warmth of heart, and her ill-concealed calculating sel fishness, alike made him wince. Yet after awhile he lifted up her letter, and re-read her words-"Master at tho court." This phrase meant so much to an ambitious, determined man.' Ho" had always meant to rise in tho world this ArtHur'Dauntoii,' but, how different and mnch easierwo&d; bje the ascent now when' the bright young cousin' who had stood in his 'way had so mysteriously disap peared!" . . , And Alico Butler? A' cynical' smilo stole round Arthur's lips as ho thought of this puro, beautiful girl, who had fascinated him in spite of liimself, and certainly from no wish of her own. Alice Butler had always been cold and gentlo to him, and. treated him as her lover's cousin and nothing more. "But now," thought Arthur Daunton, bitterly "now, when I am the heir as James was, what will sho Bay to me now F" Ho shrugged his shoulders, and then went out to walk alongtheshore,'stillthinkingof Alice Butler. He stood looking at the waveB "with a gloomy face, wondering why he loved a woman who was BO indifferent to him. For other women had loved him warmly, passionately, for the sake, perhaps, of his beautiful face, and had told liim that lamo and limping as ho was, ho was more to them than all others. Yet for Alice Butler's sake he would give up 1 this deep love, and break ties that his honour bound him to be true to. "Were other men as mad? lie kept thiuking. Was such over powering passion common? For a few brief years of happiness-of happiness doubtful at the best, and when the woman loved yon not were thero many who would give up BO much ? He believed that with this life ended our I existence, and that as the. dumb beastB die, so would die the most gitted, the strongest, the wisest of the children of men. Why struggle, | then, against an overpowering feeling that had i grown up opposed to his own will; fighting with what men call honour, and too strong to be subdued, though totallv nnreturned. While he stood with folded arms, moody and reflective, he was joined, by Captain Layton. Instantly his expression changed, for he took no counsellor or friend into £ie secret chambers of his heart, always wearing in publio, a certain mask that he had chosen to assume. Ho was called a pleasant, sarcastic fellow, who took life easily, and made the best of it; This was the Arthur Daunton that the world knew, and, with a pleasant smile, he now spoke to Layton. . " What does the sound of the sea make you! feel," he said, with a little , shrug of his shoulders, " sad or merry ?" ti " Sad enough, always,, now," said Layton," "for it constantly reminds- me of;your poor cousin." - . u Poor Jim! Yes, I suppose yon is his vast grave," said Arthur Daunton, pointing to the sea. *' ? "I suppose so, yet I cannot realise it still, poor Jim! I can't forget the bright look on his face, as ho went out that fatal night." " He was a madman to go," replied Arthur Daunton; "but it was his fate-ho had had a good life of it before-si short, but a happy life." .. " Ho had so much to live for," said Layton. " It seems all Buch a mystery- rich, going to marry a. woman he was fond of " " let he met his death going to meet another woman," interrupted Daunton, cynically. " That must make it SQ bitter to Miss Butler -but ho was fond of her, really fond of her, I for he has often told me so; but he was high spirited, and the very danger, the romance of the idea, made him go. Poor Daunton." "It's a terrible affair, whichever way we take it." " Most terrible. And this poor girl, Miss Butler; she is very handsome, is she not, and ?was very deeply attached to Daunton r" asked Layton. For a moment thero flitted an expression over Arthur Daunton's fine features that Cap tain Layton had never Been there before. The next, he replied, very gravely and calmly. " Yes, die is very handsome," he said, " and seemed to care for poor Jim.". "Ifear slio will never get over it," said Captain Layton. x Arthur Daunton gave a little harsh laugh, which somehow seemed very much out of place to his companion. « "Never!" he said, " when was that word ever associated in a woman's mind with tho idea of marriage? If one man dies, isn't thero always another fool ready to fill his placer" . " You think she will forget him, then ?" VMy dear fellow, haven't we forgot loves and found new ones sometimes before the old ones were happily departed? Our affections change pretty often, I fancy; until wo are too old and too ugly for anyone to look at us, and then we take up with the idea of another world when this one is weary of us." Captain Layton made no reply to this. Hi) was a thoughtful, quiet man, aud the faith and belief in a greatness that was be yond his knowledge, which Arthur Daun ton lacked, was not wanting in Captain Layton. He had been terribly shocked, too, at the disappearance of his friend James Daunt'-n. A young man snatched away in the midst of a bright and happy life naturally had drawn his thoughts to the brief and uncertain tenure on which we hold our earthly existence. And Arthur Daunton was quick to seo his mood. " Forgive my stalo old truism," he said, putting his arm through Layton's, for the two men had grown friendly during tho last few days, " and I want you to do a favour for me, Layton. When I return to Daunton-and I see no good in staying on here-will you go with mo? Not to tho court, that would be in flicting too much pain on you, but to my mother's houso at the rectory ? I tell YOU can didly why I wish you to go. I wish you to' see Miss Butler, and tell her . all you know about poor James." ; " You mean about the letter and the photo graph *r" hesitated Layton. . . . " 5fea; I havo written it.' Sbo made mo swear to her to write everything I heard, but I would rather she heard tho story , from youl You see this sad business of Jiin'a pats mo in a most painful position. If Jim is dead I am the heir to the place and the title. Miss Butler was engaged to Jim as you know, and sho moy not unnaturally" (and ho . shrugged his shoulders) "think that I have a motive for exaggerating; the ..truth.; Xhavp ;nono, todgO women are hard to convince. ^ " If you wish it^-" still hesitated Layton. |, " I do wish it. I warn you ray mother isij|:v foolish, and very much too out- spoken a womavfe I had a letter from her thatmado n-o angry to-day, but itstono showed rao. other people, I suppose, will think. AltogetheR: it is an annoying position for me, and. 1 you to see my uncle if possible, and at. all ovemg to see Miss Butler ?" ... . . . f "Well, I can go with you," said Jjaytot. "I was the last person .who spoke to poof.;. James before ho left the castle; 1 was the onljg, . person who saw the lotter and the picture tha ?we feared lured him to hU death. Yes, Ig... , think I should see his father and the poog . irirl who would havo. been his wife. _ It w%, be very painful, but still. I think it is right. . j; ^ " I think so too. Thank you very much fog-' promising to go. Could you arrange to go tog:/. morrow, do you think, and I will "write to mother to tell her to expect us ?" . .fK f "Yes, X can go to-morrow," began Captaiig : Layton. But here ho was interrupted. Pretty, , little Mrs. Lee and Major Leo bad reoognisefe Captain Layton and Arthur Daunton from thig-: clilfs above the alioro, and Mrs. Lee had ing.. sisted upon going to join them, because sh£.' was particularly anxious to .make the acquainj. tance of Arthur Daunton. " How are you, Captain Layton r" she sail*;, in her usual coquettish, little manner, and a {tel. Captain Layton had returned her salutation^: she looked with her, sweetest smile at Arthur;-.' Daunton. . . ,. fe " Will you introduce me," she said, speaking^ to Lavton, but looking at Daunton, " to thi£5 gentleman? I wish to know you so much, r; she went on, now addressing Daunton, "for.; yon are the cousin I think of ^poor Captain, Daunton, whom I knew so well." |. Arthur Daunton bowed graveljr. | . " I am Captain Dauntoh's cousin," he said, j "Oh,-was it not too sad?" continuedthej little'woman. " Will you turn with me ?" shelV Sroceeded. "I want to talk with you so much. E Fv husband, Mr. Daunton," she went on m-p troducing her Richard to Arthur Dhunton.e< "Richard, dear, walk behind with Captain S Layton, I wisli to say a few words to Mr. Daunton, about Ilia poor cousin." f "Richard, dear," df course, did as he was - told, for ho never disputqd the will of his r pretty wife, but spent a very happy and con- .: tented existence under her affectionate rule. H " Very well, darling," he said, and fell back a few paces, while little Mrs. Leo walked on '. and looked up with her bright eyes in Arthur Daunton'»handsome face. _ | " I see I can confido in you," _ she said, "If-; always know at tho first glance if I can trust (' anyone; I am sure I can trust you, and I wish F so much to talk te you about James." | "Yon knew him well, then!" said Arthur f Daunton. . : . . f Mrs: Lee cast up her pretty eyes. , . , t "Well," she said, "Ah, yes, indeed, and he told me something; you know ho.lunohed with us the very day of his mysterious disap pearance ?" ..... " No, I did not know." . i " Ho did, then, and he walked' with me here j afterwards, and Mr.. Daunton,. it's very sad, | terribly sad, but I sometimes fear from what he said that day that he destroyed himself." . "Destroyed himself?"_ repeated Arthur Daunton, in genuine surprise." " I sometimes fear so; of course, I have said nothing of this to my husband, it would dis tress him, and X could not tell tho. polico, and Captain Layton is not a man in. whom I could confide; but that day poor James was so sad, so silent, so unlike himself, that I asked him tho cause-and-and ho Baid some very foolish things-he was very foolish, unhappily about me^-and when I told him not to talk so, he said -I forget quite what he said, but he gave me the impression that he did not wish to live." _ Arthur Daunton turned round, and stared in unfeigned astonishment at the little woman by his side. Such overwhelming vanity was quite new to him, and he felt interested. "You mean," ho said, with a grim smile stealing over his face in spite of himself, "that he admired you too much for his own happiness ? I do not wonder at his tasto." " Ah, you must not say that! But the idea has made me so unhappy. I know they say he was murdered for his watch and rings (ho had two splendid r'ng.-); and he may have been, but I know too that ho did not desire to live. Iam sure of that, and I felt so interested in you when I Baw you, that I determined to tell you if I had the opportunity. Captain L»Tton told me he was engaged to somo girl you know, ' and it was when I asked him about this that ho said he was so unhappy, and that night he died I -I do not say how, but I have my fears: I cannot supprcso my fears, and I feel happier now when I havo confided in you." And Mrs. Leo again looked in Arthur Daunton's faca with her deep blue eyes. . He paid her some compliments, and then ho grow tired of her. He looked at his watch and protended lio had an engagement, and after bidding Mrs. Lee good- bye, ho put his arm through Captain Layton's. " Was that little woman," ho asked, "one of poor Jim's many loves?" , "No," answered Captain Layton, sharpiy; " ho flirted with hor, I believe, but sho fonoies everyone is in love with her." " She is a little fool," said Arthur Daunton. Nevertheless ho did not forget what Mrs. Lee had tol.\ him. .. (To be continued.) TheHrbo.-Pitou, a soldier returned from tho scat of war inTonquin, stumps on a wooden log about tho streets of Paris. One day recently he met an enthusiastic friend named Pierre. " Bravo warrior," said Pierre, " thanks to yon, France has now one foot in the remote East! - "Right you aro," replied Pitou; "'twas I who left it tliero !" ' Tiik Tkxt.-When asked if ho remombcreo tlio text of the previous Sunday's Bcrmon, litue Sammy replied, " Of eom-so I remember the text. "I don't romcmbor tlio words, pa, but I know protty near what it was." " What wM it, then?" " If a man smito you on the right cheek,'smite him on tho left; and of such is tW kingdom of heaven." 