MUDGEE. March 12. During the last few weeks a most extraordinary epidemic of credulity seems to have laid hold of some of our worthy people. Men who in their business relations are shrewd and far-seeing, and in some instances exceedingly bardto be overreached, besides being good and reputable citizens, have, by some unaccountable means, been seized with what is called the 'ghost mania.' It commenced with the stone-throwing at Lanre's house, near Ferndale, where, some weeks ago, stones fell or were thrown every night, and at times during the day, in whatever part of the premises Mrs. Large might happen to be. Scores of people from Mudgee undertook a ride of some 16 miles to be present, to say nothing of the surrounding population, who rendezvoured nightly there On some evenings there were over 50 in and about the house, easrerlv waitins: for the next stone. Those of our number who are touched with spiritualistic notions are wonderfully exercised, but the curious part is that no one— even among these worthy people — can give a satisfac tory explanation of the ' modus operandi.' A gentleman well known in Sydney circles arrived by Friday evening's train, and was driven out; but wo cannot gather that he was more successful titan local talent in unravelling the mystery. A Woliar policeman seems to have succeeded in stopping (he fusillade during his presence. He declared that he would, if stones were thrown, fire his revolver in the direction they came from, with the result that none were thrown while he was there. But the agitation is not con fined to Largc'sr It has come into town. Readers at a, distance from us will, no doubt, laugh when it is confidently asserted that dozens of our people declare that they have seen the figure of a female perched on a dry tree near Mr. A. E. Thomas's residence at various times during the last few weeks. They have gone further, and announce that a revelation has been made, intimating that a murder has been done, and that until the -bones of the victim (a young girl) are laid in consecrated ground the figure will continue to occupy its elevated perch (weather permitting). Actually some worthy persons have commenced to dig ! and now the search is going on, and the place is pretty well turned up. Still another place, the residence of a well-known and respected townsman, is annoyed by a visitor fiom the ' other shore,' who knocks all the crockery about and creates a lot of noise and con fusion, never breaking anything. The moral is that there is as great credulity in this nineteenth century as there ever was, and that, when once the old stratum of supersti tion is stirred, sensible men in ordinary life will do as foolish and inconceivable Ihing6 as ever nicn have done. There cau be little doubt that the affair at Large's is conducted by a clever practical joker for 6omc purpose of his own, and that he, being so successful, is beingimitated in town by a rival competitor for honours. It is to be hoped, for the peace of our little community, that the jokers will soon bo tripped up and exposed. Mr. C. W. Lawson. is to be banqueted prior to his departure from among us. Several leading gentlemen have the mutter in hand, and as Mr. Lawson is deservedly popular, owing to his obliging disposition and willingness to assist in all matters he can, there is no doubt that the movement will be a success. Mr. Lawson has inti mated his intention of asking the electors for a vote on the next occasion of an election here, and he will doubtless, if he does, receive good support. He is to be succeeded at Putta Bucca by Mr. G. H. F. Cox, son of the Hon. G. H. Cox, who leaves Binnawee, near Green cswamps. . As an instance of the competition there is for a lease of good property near Mudgco, it may be mentioned that, on Bin nawee being advertised for lease, there were more than 20 applicants, some of them from Sydney, for it. The news that Mr. A. G. Taylor had succeeded in induc-r ing tho Government to promise to place £4000 on the Supplementary Estimates for the construction of bridges over tlio Wilbetree crossing and the Pipecluy Creek was received with gladness, as no public work was more neces sary. Every day gives a f resh illustration of the danger existing at the place. People who reside close must cross or go miles round. The last instance occurred only a few days ago.'to no less a personage than the Mayor of Cudge gong. That gentleman, accompanied by Mr. James Atkinson, had occasion to cross, and in doing 60 the buggy got stuck in the middle, and Mr. Crossing had to get out up to his knees in mud and water. After some considerable trouble they succeeded in extricating the vehicle, and per haps in doing so gave vcut to their opinion of those whose apathy has left the place in such a dangerous condition. There is every reason to believe that there is a spot about the Home Rule locality that demands the attention of the health officer. - Some few weeks ago a Chinese gardener died in the hospital in Mudgee from some complaint con tracted at his residence. There was no post- mortem, con sequently the cause of death did not seem to be very accu rately placed. It appears now that another Chinaman went to live in tho same, place, and, taking exactly the same complaint, with all the symptoms of the previous one, died. Certainly, on the face of it, there seems to be a necessity for investigation as to the cause, if there be any, of two people dying so soon after each other of the same disease. On Saturday, as Mrs. Follington and her daughter were driving along Broonibee-road, the wheel of their vehicle came into collision with a stump, causing a capsize. Mrs. Follington had her arm broken, and the daughter was much shaken. They are now doing well under medical care. 