THE CRADOCK GHOST. TO THE EDITOR. Sir-I would not have troubled you with this letter but that I must place the case fairly before the public. My first visit to the child was in response to an invitation from Mr. Rodegtuere. Tbe child was here some time befoie I visited her. Our reasea oa June 1 for ?idling the room empty, or nearly ao, waithat we ebould have perfect -Ueaae. aad aoboly aa cut__.<rs to charge with coUusi-o. We were anxious to have the father present. Our reason for this we keep to ourselves. We were also apxioua to bave the Rev. Mr. Hanoock present. According to Mr. Schnltze tbe knocks wont come if jon go too near the child. But they will rap when be is ia bed with ber. Tbey rappi d wbea Siaaey's brother waa ia bed with ber; tbey rapped when her brother waa arith ber dowa at a bat dose by ; they rapped when I was doae to the child in tbe dark, within thiee inches of ber, arithout her knowing, bat tbey stopped tiie instant I slid my hand dowa __der the ctotbee to tbe locality of tbe souod, \- hich appeared to me to come from the chest walls, aad where I found the child's two hands dosed. I waa told I was too dose, bat I was not so doae aa the boy bad been whom I found in bed with ber when I catered tbe room, and who sras resnfived at my request. Tbey rapped loudly oaie night when we ware dossr to the child than Mr. Evaaa aad myadf were on tbe evening of Mr. Evans, visit, bat we were all on oae aide ef her, and she was on a Barrow uistliws oa a boarded floor, aad a little of tbe dark rug waa overlying the floor ao that the child could rapsritbout ber band betag seen. Tbey stopped suddenly on that aame night when I anddcaly aad dleotiy reached dowa sod placed my hand ia a eliding manner over where I eondndedtbe child's hand to be, aad the " kaocker" dis tinctly palled its "hand" from under mine, and it slid past my hand into the bed. However, I bad the aense to be quiet. It would not tap again wbea I put a white pillow oa the floor that aide of the bed aad tucked tbe clothes ao under the mattreas that the child couldnot touch tbe floor on that tide ol tbe mattress without roadiing ber hand out ol tbe bed aod over tbe white pillow. The rape did not come when the child slept srith the servant of tbe boose. The raps would not come on tbe night I placed the child in a ham monk and told her I could recrgnise every rap she oould possibly mske then, and exa-uned to ber bow I could localise the booms if die made them The rapswooldn.copse when Mr. Evans and I were on either side of the child, _ut at leasts, inches away from bar. The raps did come when we were both oa one aide aad about 80 inches away tromber. They eaaae when I waa within 2 feet of the child oa tbat aame eveeiag, and Mr. ______ said—"Ask them to oome under your feet;" but tbey did not come under my feet wbea I asked them, though tiny did oome under my hand for a eecond wbea I d retched it out to where II bought ehe was knocking, and then I pressed tbe doth-a and they stopped. Tuty came a bets the Petersburg folk were dose liateniag to tho whispering. They oatae one aight, ac cording to Mr. Rodeghtere, under the child feet, butthey stopped when be took hold of her feet. Baps did not come when I placed phos phorus oa the child's 1. ?_?!?, md tu_____ her bands outside the bed, and kept a way from her cay 4 feet. On another night the raps did not come after I put phoephuros on the child's handa, and again tucked them outside the bed clothes, at least not whilst I was present. And now in connection with that powerful bottle of -melUag aatta. One ajght it was a luoifer match. Another aight it waa the bottle best open, then dosed, aad then a stronger bottle, nsmdy, my pocket knife. The next night it waa not Mag at all but my fist. An other aight it was a bottle of noma essence or scent from Mr. Rod-ghier_'a shop. Another time it was my fingernail. On one terrible occasion it waa my thumb aad fare finger. Another time it was my thermometer bulb. One evening it was actually the ahadow of the thermometer, which was not within 9 inches of the child. _ You understand that ou -many of these onoasinps care was taken to do enough to rrake a cute child guess that I intended putting the Baits to her nose. The mere mention of this operation with the fictitious bottle would cause that child of unnatural sleep to sted ber hand over her note; to strongly resist the removal of her band; to duok her head round and bury her face in the pillow; to cover her face with both sires; to actually pull up the bedclothes over ber face. The mere act of sliding one's hand along tbe pUlow with any of the " bottlers " was quite enough to make the child frown and flinch aiid cover her nose. It actuaUy made her open her left eye one evening. On one evening I Bprinkled lamp-black on the floor, and actually got blaok knuckles on the ctiiid. Perhaps the ghost blackened them, I eui piepared to swear to this —I am, &c;, W. H. JONES, Blackrock. (A pcrtiqn of this communicatiou b__ been excir-cd, as it refers to matters which have not ?l>j.__Mta in our columns.—Eo.) The only rainfall registered up to 9 _,__ on Tuesday, Jnne 28, was at the following stations: —Cape Jervis,oo7o; Euda, 0.5. . Fowler's Bay, OV-5. 