WITH THE PREMIER. (FROM OUR sraoiAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, May G. You will rejoice to learn that Lady Griffith was so far recovered from her severe cold as to be able to visit Scotland on Saturday last. Sir Samuel accompanied her, and the two or three days at their disposal were most profitably spent at Stirling and Edinburgh, where, curiously enough, the clear sky and sunlight denied to England have prevailed for a month past. There is perhaps no railway journey more full of real enjoyment than the one you take from Newcastle-on-Tyne to Edinburgh on a bright spring day. To your right lies the German Ocean, quiet and solitary save for the infrequent gloaming of the sails of some brig on the horizon and to your left Stretch the sheep walks and pastures of Northumberland and the Lowlands. Late in the afternoon you come to Berwick, a quaint town of red brick, built on a little bay quite near the sea, and at nightfall espy the port of Leith and Arthur's Seat, behind which you know lies the most lovely city in the world. For the modern Athens, apart from its fascinating story and its literary renown, might for its beauty alone claim the affection of mankind. But it is not for us, neither home nor bred there, and having no drop of Scotch blood in us, to praise the city that all true Scots love next to home and kindred. On Monday the conference met again, and resumed the discussion of Australasian land defence, more particularly in regard to King George's Sound and Torres Straits. Mr. Robinson, of Natal, also made a statement as to the defence of that colony. Brigadier General H. J. Alderson, R.A., Director of Artillery and Stores; Captain W. H. Hall, head of the Intelligence Department of the Navy and Captain Clarke, R.E., were present, and gave their assistance to the Government in this very important matter. The afternoon was occupied in further discussing the subject of colonial judgments and bankruptcy proceedings. Representatives of the Board of Trade and Messrs. F. F. Piggott, barrister-at-law ; 0\. P. Libert, Assistant Parliamentary Counsel and F. Conde Williams, Puisne Judge of Mauritius, were present. On Wednesday, Sir S. W. Griffith and Mr. J. Hofmeyr, of the Cape, opened the debate upon the question of the desirableness of the mother country and the colonies affording to each other greater facilities for trade than were afforded to other countries. After a lengthy discussion, the consensus of opinion would seem to have been distinctly in favour of Sir Samuel's views. The conference then adjourned until Friday, which will probably be the last day of meeting, although some members will subsequently meet under the presidency of Sir Henry Holland to settle the details of certain schemes. On Wednesday the delegates proceeded to Windsor Castle for the purpose of of paying their duty to the Queen, and presenting her with addresses on the occasion of her attaining the Jubilee year of herrings. Her Majesty received them one by one in the presence of Prince and Princess Henry of Battenberg, the Duchess of Athole, and Sir Henry Holland. The address presented by Sir Samuel Griffith was as follows: Most Gracious Sovereign On behalf of the Government and people of your Majesty's colony of Queensland we beg to offer their most dutiful congratulations on the approach- ing completion of the fiftieth year of your Majesty's most happy and prosperous reign. " Your Majesty's subjects whose message we hear desire to follow the assurances of their devotion to your Majesty's throne in person. We confidently hope and believe that the de- liberations of the representatives of your Majesty's distant possessions now assembled at your Majesty's command may tend to the strengthening of the bonds which unite your Majesty's subjects throughout the world, and they pray that your Majesty may be blessed with a long continuance of life and happiness, and may witness an ovor-advauomg prosperity of the wide dominions which enjoy your Majesty's gracious and beneficent way." Some of the addresses presented were most gorgeous things. The Cape enclosed theirs in a case studded with opals, and diamonds, and pearls. Natal sent one in a case of solid gold. The address from India is prcoiouswith ropes of great pearls, and all the barbaric splendour of the East. If over the royal family become really hard up, they might make a decent sum of such things as there at public auction, after the example of the little German potentates. The delegates, after the address had been presented, partook of luncheon in the great dining-room, and returned to town about o'clock. The people of England must be very tired of this Jubilee by now. Of course, as usual, the shopkeepers have taken advantage of the name to flood every "Uno" with Jubilee rubbish. The number of infamous portraits and busts of Victoria traded off to simple-minded rural corporations is appalling. Such is man's fate that every garment. seen and unseen, he wears is indelibly labelled " Jubilee." How one is to preserve his identity in the face of the shopkeepers universal Koko is a matter for deep and anxious consideration. But the worst of it is that the more mention of the word has become a source of uneasiness, for it is always associated with the giving of money to something. " Oh," sighed a man the other day, "the only thought that sustains me in the midst of this unreasonable almsgiving is that the Queen can never have another jubilee and it is ten chances to one against Albert Edward." There is a story going the round of the North, which may be only an invention of one of these unfortunate subscribers to a multitude of charities. In a certain town a hospital had been built and Smith, Brown, Jones, and Robinson had each ! furnished the Smith, Co,, wards throughout. Presently the Queen came to that town and took extraordinary interest in the hospital. She visited it on two occasions and asked numberless questions. At last she gratified the committee by expressing a desire that the two remaining empty wards should be named Victoria and Albert respectively. On her return to town she sent two cabinet portraits as her subscription towards the furnishing of them. But, you know, she has so many outlets for her cash, poor thing. Beer money for her German relatives must be a serious item in itself. The most noteworthy events of social life during the past week have been the private view of the Royal Academy on Friday last and the Lord Mayor's dinner to the delegates on Wednesday evening. Sir Samuel and Lady Griffith had the honour of being present at both. The Academy is well worth a lengthy visit this year as nearly all the famous artists have sent something. The Lord Mayor's banquet was, as usual, one of the brilliant successes of the London season. They give him a big salary, but he is expected to exceed that amount in entertaining by about £10,000 ; year after year some city prince enters the shambles and the great sacri- free to the Goddess of Pleasure goes on perpetually. The speech of the evening was made by Sir Henry Holland in responding to the toast of "The Colonial Conference, with whom the names of Sir A. Campbell, of Canada, and Mr. Deakin, of Victoria (the oldest and youngestmember),had been coupled. He said "My Lord Mayor, ladies, and gentlemen I am right glad that you have coupled with my name the names of two delegates to this conference, because, although I am proud-and wish always to be proud of having presided over this assembly of eminent men, Statesmen of Greater Britain, yet the success of the con- ference and I believe in that success is due not to any efforts that I have made, but to the tact, intelligence, loyalty, and businesslike way in which the colonial delegates have done their work. We had no rules of procedure, no future, no half-past 12 rule ; but then, on the other hand, we had no blocking nor obstruc- tion. We had full and frank discussion, which brought out all the details and salient points of every question, but I will venture to say, looking back upon the conference and its meetings, I cannot remember when one unnecessary word was spoken, except by the president. I have said that I believe this conference to have been successful, and I think it has been successful whether we look at the actual work done, the practical outcome of the conference, or whether we look at it in the light of more general results. As to the actual work done, great secrecy has been maintained, marvellous secrecy I should think, considering the way in which the Press get hold of every thing nowadays. But we have arrived at important decisions upon questions affect- ing materially the unity of the Empire, and other questions tending in the same direction have been very fully discussed, so that we may hope soon to arrive at satisfactory decisions. upon them. The conduct of her Majesty's Government has been very freely discussed and criticised ; but I am happy and proud to say that in the main, after all these criticisms and comments, a loyal approval has been given to the conduct and action of her Majesty's Government. As to the wider and more general results of the oonforonpo, I think it is a good thing to have brought the heads of our principal departments-my friend Mr. Stanhope, Lord George Hamilton, Lord Stanley of Preston, Mr. Rodees, and others face to face with the leading men from all parts of the Empire. And it is a good thing also that their leading men should meet the eminent statesmen of this country, and should learn their views and by what principles her Majesty's Government are actuated in the proceedings they have taken. In regard to any great colonial question, there used to be in im- prest ion (I hope it has been tolerably well dis- pelled by this time) that the Secretary of State for the Colonies was a kind of Downing-street demon placed in office on purpose to thwart all the wishes and aspirations of the colonies. Well, on closer examination and there has been a very close examination this year-the Downing-street demon has turned out to be like other ghosts and bogies a very common creature of flesh and blood. Speaking for myself, so long as I hold that office I earnestly trust that the colonial Governments will believe that they have one who thoroughly and heartily sympathises with their wishes, one who is heartily desirous, as far as possible, to meet those wishes and aspirations consistently with the Imperial interests. And let me say this, that to that limitation there has been on the part of the colonial delegates a most hearty and loyal adherence. They have recognised that they are follow subjects with us of her Majesty, and that in certain cases the main interests of the Empire must be looked to. I should like also to observe that I think a further good has arisen from this conference, and that is, that not only have the delegates been brought into touch with the statesmen of this country, but they have been brought into touch with each other. Australasia, South Africa, Canada, Newfoundland, have all met round a table and have inter- changed their views. We have heard a good deal lately about a round table ; but I may claim that the discussions at the conference table have led to material results which I am not prepared to attribute to the discussions at the round table. There has been a free inter- change of feelings, and a full and frank discussion which must lead to good and I will con- close by saying that it has been a pride and a source of pleasure to me to have contributed, however humbly, to the first conference in the jubilee year of her Majesty." Yesterday the delegates, at the invitation of the Postmaster-General, proceeded to Wool- wich with a view of inspecting the Government Telegraph Dopfit. After seeing the very interesting experiments, which were carried out for their information, they went aboard the telegraph ship Monarch for a trip down the river as far as Greenwich. Luncheon was served on board, and a few toasts given, Mr. Raikes, P.M.G., proposing that of the " Colonial Representatives," and Sir James Lorimer, of Victoria, responding on their behalf. During the week Sir Samuel and Lady Griffith have also accepted invitations from Lord Dunraven and Mrs. Charles Buxton to dinner, and have attended Lord Rosebery's at Home. 