Johnny Hi-Hi and Fanny Foo-Foo. Fanny Foo-Foo was a Japanese girl, A child of the great Tycoon ; She wore her head bald,-and her clothes were " made , Half petticoat, half pantaloon.; - Her facew:as the color of lemon peel, ? And the shape of a table spoon. i A handsomie youngchap;was Johiy Hi-Hi, And he ;wore paper-muslin clothes ; His glossy black hair on the top of his head In the shape of a shoe-brush rose; His eyes slanted downwards, as if some chap-. Had savagely pulled his inose. -Fanny Foo-Foo loved Johnny Hi-Hi, \- And when in the usual style He popped, she blushed such a deep orange tinge , You'd have thought she'd too much bile, If it hadn't been for her slant-eyed glance And her charming wide-mouthed smile.; And oft in the,bliss of their new-born love, Did these little Pagans stray All around in spots, enjoying themselves In a strictly Japanese way; She howling a song to a one-string lute; " On which she thought she could play. Often he'd climb to a high ladder's top.' And quietly there repose, As he stood on his head and fanned himself, While she balanced him on her nose, Or else she would get in a pickle tub, And be kicked around on his toes. The course of true love, even in Japan, Often runs extremely rough, And the fierce Tycoon; when he heard of this, Used Japanese oaths so tough That his courtiers' hair would have stood .on So the Tycoon buckled on 'both his swords, In his pistol placed alwad, And went out to hunt for the truant pair, With his nervei'braced by a tod. . He found them enjoying their guileless selves On the top of a lightning-rod. Sternly he ordered the gentle Foo-Foo To "come down out of that there !" And he told Hi-Hi to go to a place I won't say precisely where, Then he dragged off his child, whose spasms Evinced unusually wild despair. But the Tycoon, alas ! was badly fooled, Despite his paternal pains, For John, with a toothpick, let all the blood Out of his jugular veins; While with a back somerset on the floor, Foo-Foo battered out her brains. They buried them both in the Tycoon's lot, Right under a logwood tree, Where they could list to the nightingale and The buzz of the bumble-bee; And where the mosquito's sorrowful chant So maddens the restless flea. And often at night, when the Tycoon's wife, Slumbered as sound as a post, His almond-shaped eyeballs looked on a sight That scared him to death almost; 'Twas a bald-headed spectre flitting about With a paper-muslin ghost. 