REPLY TO THE REV. CANON GREEN. SERMON BY THE REV. J. C. KIRBY. t e On Sunday evening at the Port Congregational ChurchJAe Rev. J. C. Kirby preached Taking as his text 1 Corinthians XU, 13— " For by one Spirit we are all baptized into one body," the preacher said—Men of placid and idle minds hate discussion because it makes them think, and they prefer peace. Religious and political discussion alike, if carried on by competent men in a proper and kindly spi'it, are of great advantage to the public, for they assist the generality of people to understand the great questions which may be at issue. I like my good neighbor, the Rev. Canon Green, because he is what I call a straight man. He tells you what he thinks, and I lifce him because he is pleased to hear other people say what they think, though the thoughts they express may be painful to his mind. As for myself you know I am fond of hearing every kind of opinion, and afterwards take the liberty of forming my own conclusion What I say about our good neighbor is "Grace, mercy, peace, and a little more light be with the Rev. Canon and all his congregation. Our good neighbor advertised that he would preach upon Protestant Dissenteis and the Church of Christ. As soon as I saw the advertisement I felt a firm certainty that the Canon would bring into public view his usual errors on this question, and that was why I said last Sunday night I would make a little correction of his wrong notions. THE BOOT ERROR. There is a root error which was through that famous sermon, and the root error is the doctrine concerning the nature of the Church of Christ; the doctrine concerning the nature of the Church of Christ. What I propose to do is to expound a little out of the New Testament of our Lord and Saviour the nature of Christ's Church; and I will take the liberty to say that I consider the New Testament is of more authority than that beautiful manual of devotion, the prayer-boob of the English Church. There are beauties in that book, but I trow the authority lies with the Word of God, THE TRUE CHURCH. • When I come to read in the Testament I read that there is such a thing as the Church of God ; and I discover there is only one Church of God in the profound spiritual and eternal sense. This is that Church which consists of the very flesh and very bone of our Lord Jesus Christ. This is that Church which Jesus loved and for which Jesus died. This is that Church the foundation of which was laid by Christ Himself, and the gates of Hades shall not prevail against it. But I cannot find anywhere in the New Testament that this Church is an artificial production like those useful and great institutions the Oddfellows or Freemasons. Canon Green says the Anglican Church is organized on the same principles as these institutions. I will allow him to be an authority upon that, but with regard to the Church of God it is in no way such an artificial construction. The Church of God is the dii-ect creation of Almighty God in His almighty power and in His almighty grace. The founder of it is Christ, he Great Spirit making it the Eternal Church is none other than the Holy Ghost, for the Church of God is not artificially constructed like Freemasons, but the product of the operation of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Well, you would like to get into the Church. Then you must be truly operated upon by tlie Holy Ghost. You must really be renewed in the spirit of your minds, you must be born agaiu, you must repent your sins, and in the inner motion of your soul you must ever try to follow Christ as your Lord, Master, and Friend. Withregard to the members of that great piritual Church, when? are they to be; t ound ? I rejoice to think that thousands ot f chem are to be found in the English Churchj . and thousands more in the Roman Catholic, Church, and. thousands among the' Greek, Wesleyan and Presbyterian Churches, and I trust that a few at any rate are ,to be found among the Congregationalism, an<J those dreadful creatures, the ProtestantrDisfeenters. But while many are iound among all these people, the majority is to be found- In heaven. The Lord only keeps a ferf in this world, for " Part of the host have crossed the and part are crossing now.'" So our friend thought we could not use hi? words we can use them in a deeper; sense than the shallow sense in which he used them when he said, " Each man Sin the Charch is regarded not as an isolated unit, bat as a member of a family, a citizen of a kingdom, with his training in this world and his hopes for the next dependent upon his harmony with the family, his obedience to the laws of the kingdom; he can not separate himself from the organization, far less set up another in its stead, without incurring the guilt of rebellion, and forfeiting the privileges of citizenship." A man separates from the family by rejecting the Christ he once loved, and trampling on the Blood of the Covenant, and by so doing he must perish. Canon Green was afraid somebody might set up a rival church to the Church of God. When you can set up a rival moon or a rival sun with rival systems, then you can discuss the probability of setting up a rival to the eternal Church of God. The Church of which I speak is very visible. There has always been a large number of individuals in the world, filled with love to God, filled with a strange and heavenly compassion for the children of men, filled with a deep sense of eternity, and with a strange desire to prepare hemselves by faith and repentance for the ternal inheritance. This body of men have been very manifest.' . The true Church of God makes itself visible by its good works. All the true born sons of God, all the true born disciples of Jesus, let their light shine before men, and men seeing their pood works glorify their Father in heaven. This is the way to make a Church visible. What is the good of making a Church visible by ministers, or by prayers, or rituals, or sacraments only. Now in this Church you can find such men as Thomas & Kempis, the Romanist, John Bunyan, who wrote Pilgrim's Progress; we can find such a man as Bishop Ren, who wrote the hymn we sang so sweetly this evening, and we can find Jerome, Spurgeon, St. Francis, Elizabeth Fry, and all the good men who had been popes; but all the bad popes were out of the Church. It has so come to pass that theologians have spun-cobwebs and bothered peoples' minds, and so many of them looked on one another as awful heretics because they do not hold exactly the same views or because some say their prayers standing up and others sitting down. They have spun a number of cobwebs to the botheration of honest folk. In all the artificially incorporated churches we find a number of good people and a number of bid ones, Notwithstanding all the rights and ceremonies that these churches may administer, some of their members may never be in the true church of Christ at all. If we read in history we read of baptized murderers, scoundrels, tyrants and oppressors ; but I can never believe that they were members of Christ's body. Christ's flesh and Christ's bone- Before I could believe that I should have to take leave of my reason and common sense. It is said " Do you not think then that there should' be visible artificial organizations, like Oddfellows, with modes of admission, and powers of discipline and excommunication?" Certainly ws do. We believe that when the Apostles went to and fro through the countries they founded such societies and gave them the name of churches, as for instance the Church of Antioch, the seven churches of Asia, the church of Corinth, and the church of Rome. We think these artificially constructed societies were very useful to the world, and that they were instruments in the hand of Christ in building up the true immortal Church. With regard to these artificially constructed societies we find that they can perish, for our Saviour said to the Church of the Laodiceans that if they did not repent he would come and remove their candlestick from its place. The true Church of God can never be abolished. The gates of Hell shall not prevail against it. What we say about this Congregational Church is that it is one of these visible temporal societies, but we do not call it the Church of Christ. What we say of ourselves we say of the Anglican Church. On these grounds we must hold that the doctrine preached by the Rev. Canon last Lords day evening is not according to Holy writ, and therefore not to be held by Christian people. OUR ALTAR, PRIEST, AND SACRIFICE. Canon Green made the following astounding statement about Protestant Dissenters. That we had no altar, no priest, no sacrifice. We say " My dear Canon you are quite mistaken ; we are by no means so poverty struck as you think." No altar'! Our altar is the cross that stood at Calvary. No Sacrifice '! Our sacrifice is the only begotten Son of God who died for the sins of men upon the cursed tree. " Christ offered cnce for all in the end of the world for the putting away of sins," Our faith looks back'to see The burden Thou didst bear When hanging on the accursed tree, And knows her guilt was there. Destitute of a Priest ? Why our Priest is Great High Priest who tⅈ ascended B earth—to—the Heavenly Temple to aotRI minister at the Golden Altar, and ever liveth. to make intercession •'for-its. Our Priest is not the creation of a'carnal commandment, but we always go to the Priest for ever after the . order of Melchisedec. I consider we are excellently well off for an altar, for a sacrifice, and for a Priest.. Besides we have other Priests belonging to us, for I discover when I read in St. Peter, that every true disciple of Christ is a Priest. "Ye are a royal priesthood." therefore every trne christian is a. Priest. As for. any other kind of Priest, we neither know them nor want them.' Such Priests are mere artificial creations without warrand or authority of the New Testament. . THE PULPIT. Now I find that in our sanctuary there is a pulpit. Somehow the Canon does not like the pulpit. He says the pulpit, and not the Lords table is the principal feature in our temples. We think it is- the Lords pulpit too. We think it is an excellent thing because from it is declared the Lords word, and from it is read the Lords book. The Apostle said "It hath pleased God," not by the foolishness of sacraments ; but " by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe." " Preach the Gospel to every creature." Preaching is of very great importance, and therefore we put the pulpit where all the people can see it. But we do not despise the Lords table. When the proper season comes, according to our usage, for the celebration of the Lords supper, then the minister forsakes the pulpit and sits at . the table of those memorial symbols of our salvation which are given to those who love the Lord, and desire to memorialize his dying love. I find that the Rev. Canon says that " With Protestants generally, and avowedly with -the denomination to which Mr. Hebditch belonged the worship of God was the last object in view when they assembled together." If I did not know that years ago there was in Rutlandshire a Congregational minister, a godly man, held in esteem all the country round, and if I did not know that our good neighbor was that good mans son, and brought up at his feet, that his early infant feet were lead to the sanctuary to worship according to the Congregational way—if I did not know this I should think our good friend altogether deficient in information about us as a people. But Canon Green must very well know that our object is to worship God in those ways which commend themselves to our reason. The only way I can account for what the Canon said is to think that his tongue became an unruly member, and thus reason lost the reins, and did not recover them during the remainder of the sermon. But we might allay his fears if he would come and see how we go on. We sing our hymns and make our prayers and listen to the reading of Gods most Holy Word that we [may glorify our God and Saviour. We listen to the scriptures but we do it as an act of worship because we think God speaks to us out of His book. We listen to the sermon because we believe the minister has been studying and thinking, and that the Holy Ghost has been with him, and will apply the truth to our hearts. The Canon seems to think we only come for what we can get. I do not suppose he thinks we get sixpences. I suppose he means we only come to get some spiritual good, I may say that in order of our service we try to arrange things that, while we give glory to God, at the same time there may be instruction to the ignorant, consolation to the tried and suffering, and warning to the wicked. We do not disdain the need of man, but we remember the glory of our heavenly King. So our good friend is quite in error about us,>nd our worship. CANON GREEN' A PROTESTANT. Canon Green seems to think he is not a Protestant, He is a Protestant, I know that very well. When our Queen was crowned in Westminister Abbey she was crowned by the Archbishop of Canterbury, He caused her to swear to maintain the "Protestant Reformed Relgion as established by law." The Protestant Reformed Religion is the church of England. The Queen thinks it is a Protestant Church, and the House of Commons think it is a Protestant Church. How curious therefore to find a protestant minister of a Protestant Church, attack the great protestant principle of PRIVATE JUDGEMENT. When I read this I was obliged to look, and look, and look again. Chilling worth, a great leader in tne English Church is the ?reat defender of the right of private judgement in matters of religion. PRIMITIVE CHRISTIANITY. The great apostle missionaries who brought the nations to the Church of Christ were totally ignorant of that kind of doctrine that our good friend promulgated in his sermon last Lord's Day evening. Whether prelacy and popery are true or false they have come into existence since the beginning of things. _ They are not in accord with the primitive order of the Church, nor with its primitive doctrine. We have men of scholarship to maintain that. Great men will hold it to be as Canon Green has said ; but for every great man they produce we will produce one as great. Such men as Canon Hatch and Presseure, and a host of other men of highest learning and piety support our contention. We believe that the Anglican Church has wandered a considerable extent from the primitive Christianity of Christ and the disciples. . We fall back upon primitive faith and upon (the truth as at first delivered. Canon Green quoted two typical books— Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress, written by a aptistProtestant Dissenter (dreadful man), nd Thomas & Kempes, written tiy a member f the Romanist Church. AS ybu perceive he Canon had a great preference for the omanist book, because it speaks of Christ. t is a lovely book, and I have often read it with deep delight. But I will take two books—I suppose it is fair for hie to quote two books 1 Let Thomas k Kempis in the Romish Church be one, and then I will take the New Testament. That book has come from God by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. I find that the Roman Catholia Church in which Thomas & Kempis was written, and by which it is circulated, never gives the New Testament to the -masses of the people. It is kept from the laity. The Protestant Dissenters do circulate the New Testament. We do not pat into the hands of our people Thomas k Kempis, or the Book of Common Prayer, and.sayr " th°.se are your guides from grace to ^lory." We fall back upon the Book of God. We take the New Testament itself and we saytake this book, iti will ;guide thee through the wilderness, it will lead thee from the city of Destruction till thy feet 6hall press the golden streets of the celestial city. It is not Thoma9 a Kempis, it is not John Bunyan. It is the New Testament of our Lord and Saviour, and I trow, my brethren, it talks much of Christ. Sweet is the gospel of God's dear Son. John Bunyan and Thomas a Kempis are very good in their ways, but the sum total of them is not worth a page of the New Testament, Our principle is to fall back upon the fountain of God where the living waters first do spring; and if we give such honor to the scripture then somehow we are not so very far gone from the doctrine of our Lord. THE PRAYER BOOK. It must be allowed-that the theory of the Church sacraments and ministers which was advanced by the Rev. Canon may be fairly deduced from the prayer book.' "At the same time he: knows that there are and have been large parties in the Church who think that the prayer book allows quite another type of doctrine altogether. There is not only High Church, there is Low Church, which is represented by such men as the Bishop of Liverpool, the late Bishop of Sydney, and Canon Andrews.- These mea do not hold Canon Green's do-trine,. We Jmow that in the great Gorhoib case which convulsed England when I was a boy the Bishop of Exeter attempted to drive the Low Church clergyman out of the Church ; but it was declared by the court-that the Low Church doctrine was consistent with the prayer book. This one voice-of which the good Canon speaks about is two voices. But we find a third party in the {Jhurch— Broad Church. In this party is the Bishop of London, and the late Dean Stanley, who was loved by the whole nation for his downright Christianity, loved by Churchman, dissenter and infidel alike, from the monarch on her throne to the meanest beggar in the land. It is not necessary to hold the Canon's views to remain in the Church of England. What about this one voice? The Church is to speak with one voice. But it speaks with three voices, which is not- so clear as one might wish. It is not quite fair for Canon Green to represent his school of thought as identical with the Church of England. DANGEROUS VIEWS. I hold Canon Green's school to have support in the prayer-book but I hold their views to be very dangerous to the English nation in Britain and Australia. Our friend rejects the Romish supremacy, transubstantiation, and many Romish doctrines, but when worked out his theory is essentially Romish. At the beginning of this century there arose in the bosom of the English Church a great man, a colossal mind, of intense fervent piety, a man who received the highest culture at Oxford—I mean John Henry Newman. He held Mr. Green's views about the Church, sacraments, and so forth. This great mind having examined into the question by day and by night was drawn to feel that the only fair and true way of carrying out this theory was to become a Roman Catholic, and the Church of England had the grief—in which all the dissenters of England shared—of seeing the the greatest son she had begotten in the century renounce her communion and bend in the dust at the feet of a Romish priest. Newman was not alone. The present Cardinal Manning followed, and scores of others of the Anglican clergy and leading laity have, by this dangerous High Church doctrine, been carried to Rome. Hence I have historical grounds to fear for the political and social, as well as the religious consequences, of Canon Green's theory. CONCLUSION. Protestant Dissenters hold that Christ is the life of man, that He is all our salvation, that ministers, and sermons, and sacraments, and hymns, and services are useful helps to the soul, and means used by Christ to take a saving hold of souls. But we hold that the soul in its faith, love, and repentance has direct access to the Redeemer. We also believe that Christ bears with many enrors. We believe that no man is in the Catholic Church who does not love the Lord .lesus in sincerity and truth, and we believe that no man is out of the Catholic Church who does love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth. Hence our watchword of union is " Grace, mercy, and peace be with all them that love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth." Pointed and published by the proprietors FREDERICK WALLACE KENNEDY and JOHN SAMUEL JONES, JUN., at their offices. Todd and Divctt Streets ort Adelaide, South Australia [ 