I THE HLD VAN HORSE. I (St. fames'» Gazette). Looking last Saturday evening over the gate ot a grass-field which joiuB my farm where it runs nearest to the vil- lage, I was astonished for a moment to see it stocked with horses. I quickly remembered, however) that my neigh- bour, a small farmer who held only three or four grass-fields, always kept the aftermath of this one for the " Mop " horses, amongst whose owners he had no doubt by this time got a large con- nection. Now Monday Was the first Monday in October, the day of our annual " Stop-," to which institution the village clings stoutly long after its uses are past. " To-tnorraw, then '* think I, "we shall have our annual deluge of all the scamps and blackguards in R-- ;" though, for that matter, the word "deluge" can hardly be applied with fitness to those who- come to us so very dry. Opening th« field-gate, I walked round on a tour of inspection. Yes, they were the usual sort-the lame, the halt, and the blind. They had' a fairly good pasturo for the season, and one and all seemed to be eagerly making the mos( of it, as if aware that it was too good to Inst. They will have Sunday and Monday, I thought. After that, who can say when they will get another day's rest ? I was leaving the field again when I spied an old horse standing alone by the hedge and looking across the road. I walked quietly up to him. He pricked up a pair of great ears and moved away a little distance albng the hedge, but without turning his head towards me to see what sort of a person J was. This, as I soon saw, was accounted for by the fact of his being blind. He was a big gaunt horse, nearly seventeen hands high, scarred and marked everywhere, and with an enormous Roman-nosed head which now appeared much too large for him, though it probably suited him well enough when he was young. When he had moved a few yards away he stood perfectly still, as if listening. No doubt he expected to hear the swish of a stick. When he , found that their was no fear of this he paid no more attention to me, but gradually worked himself back into his ', old position by the hedge. I wondered what he was thinking about. But it is hard to see into the minds of old horses, and more especially of blind ones. As I , stood watching him I caught sight of an old man in a smock - a rare sight nowadays-and with a stick in his hand, j leaning against field-gate, over which he was glancing in a casual way. I knew the old fellow very well. He had been for many years waggoner ou a neigh- ' bouring farm. He is not very old, but ] quite worn out with rheumatics. How he manages to limp about the village, 1 and even to do two or three day6' work ' a week for some humble wage, is j a marvel. Vet no one ever heard him : grumble. His old wife and bc live con- i tent, and I believe happy, on next to ! nothing at all. When he saw me he came through thc gate, walked slowly up 1 to me (dragging his right leg after him), : and touched his hat. He evidently ] wanted a chat. His wife, he told me, hod turned him out while she " cleaned up." " Can't a-bear to be at home then, ' and she can't abear to have me there." He stood talking for three or four minutes, during which he told me his 1 rheumatics were so bad that he hardly j dared go to bcd at night for fear he should not be able to get up again. ? Pausing for a moment he looked round, ' and his bright old brown eyes fell on the ' horse. Gradually as he looked at him ! a change came over his face, something like the ghost of the look one sees on a < horse-dealer's face when his smartness is '? called into requisition and he wishes to appear equal to the occasion. He ! walked a little closer to the horse and looked him carefully over. Then he ' went up to him ; and, speaking to him (at the sound of his voice the old horse pricked up his ears and appeared to listen with all his might), he put up his hand, and, parting the hair above the place where the neck is set in the chest, pointed out to me the scar of what must have been a very deep wound. " I thought I knowed him," he said ; its old Jerry, as was raised on the Grange when I first went there waggoner. They solid1 him, six; years old, to young Turner not very young he ain't now- who had the farm over yonder ;" and he pointed in the direction towards which the old horse's head had been turned. "I was vexed, I was. He was the best horse I ever had. How he got that scar was this- a-way. We was taking a load of barley over to B-, and this horse, «hich had never been off the farm, was in the shafts. It's little enough then we'd used to take our horses off the farm. When we come to our top gate he made sure as we was agoing in there, and he whips round afore I could be aware o£ him, and breaks the end of the shaft off like a carrot, and nigh cuts his neck in two with the sharp bit as was left. The vet., he said, " You've done it this time, Master Robert," so I thought I had ; but, bless you, he was at work again in a month. Turner he sold him many years ago, and I've never seen him since, though I'd heard as he'd got into bad hands. They've worked him blind, that's what they've done. I thank the Lord I've got my eyes. Now that old horse must be four-and-twenty or five-and-twenty years old ; I can't right rightly say which. But he was a late foal, so he might be a little of both, so to speak. There'd ought to be some place where them old horses as bas done good honest work might go and rest ; some place, paddock-like, where they could enjoy theyselves, and never do no more work." Old Robert would have been the last person to hint it intentionally, yet he deserved and certainly needed rest as much as auy old horse ever did. It's a pity, I thought, that they cannot go together. Robert will never be content anywhere, unless, like an Indian, he oan have one of his horses to keep him company. On Sunday I walked round again in the afternoon, and there stood Jerry in (he some plu», bis flightless ejes turned steadfastly towards the tann lie had ploughed so often. I think he must have known where he was, and wondered how he got there, tt was possible that he was ruminating over memories which tho voice of his old friend hod recalled. The other horses they were not his companions--were Iring down, rolling some of them, and enjoying themselves generally. Jerry had got to the same stage as olrj Eobert, when it was dangeroas to He down be- cause there was no certainty of being able to get up again. Next day, Monday, was the ?* Mop " carnival'. On Tuesday husmees took me through- the village. The green was in a sad state of con- fusion. Most of the shows bad departed, and the owners of those that yet re- mained were' trying by hurrying and cursing to make up for lost time. Two fellows, half gypsy, whole tipsy, were loading a waggon with the component parts of a penny show. Old Jerry was harnessed to the waggon. It was an enormous load,- heavier, probably,, than anything he had been asked to' poll when he was young- and strong.- Bat that is the way of the world. All the posts, planks, canvas, and1 rub- bish appeared to be loaded at last'. The van was ready to start.- Bat ; during the process of loading the narrow wheels had cut deeply into the soft turf of the green. It would evidently re- ' quire a- strong pull to extract them. Old Jerry pulled his best, but nothing moved. At last something broke, and before it was put right Jerry must be beaten. A half-bred gipsy woman, with a short pipe in her mouth, was- the ex- ecutioner. When things were once more ready the woman began with her stick again. The two men considerately left the wheel at which they had been pushing and came forward-also armed with sticks- to her assistance. Jerry gave a great groan, as if his poor old heart would burst, made an effort, and off went the loaded van. I suppose it ' was the usual way. In about a hundred yards the van reached the bottom of a steep hill. The gipsy woman never ceased striking and swearing. After two or three rests, which were no doubt ' graded him, I saw that Jerry had arrived at the top of thc hill. Over the top he disappeared and I saw him no - more. Farewell, Jerry. Old Robert i may well be thankful that his last days 1 are cast in less evil places than yours. But at your present rate of travelling you will get to your rest long enough i before your old waggoner. 1 A writer ia Old Paths, in a note on absence of mind, says that its effect is well exem- plified in an incident which happened some time since, to a well- known gentleman of Magdalen College, Cambridge. He hus taken his watch from his pocket to mark the time he intended to boil an egg for his breakfast, when a friend, entering the room, found him absorbed in some abstruse calculation, with the egg in his hand, upon which he was look- ing intently, and the watch supplying its place in the saucepan of boiling water. Mr. Thomas Fitzmaurice Burke, who, if report be true, has recently become into the possession of two millions sterling, is a sin- gularly lucky man. This immense fortune, it appears, was accumulated by Mr. Samuel Burke Loan, formerly of Prospect Villa, Cork. He is said to have emigrated to Australia in the first year of the gold fever, and kept a Btore at the diggings. At a later period Mr. Loan passed over to New Zealand, where he was singularly successful in acquiring riches, and at his death, at Auckland, at a good old age, he left his couple of millions to his half brother. Mr. Burke is now in England, and has lately paid a visit to the town of Bromp- ton, near Chatham, where he formerly resided for many years. His advent in that sleepy old place, the professor of a vast fortune, bas considerably exercised the minds of the towns- people, who, in their wildest dreams, never heard of such wealth. If Mr. Burke is an enthusiast in religion, he may be induced to join the new sect of Jezreelites, whose head- quarters are at Brompton, and may possibly give some of bis thousands towards the erection of their new temple. But this would bring on him a host of similar applications 4 and if well advised he will change his name fora time, say, to that of plain Mr. John Smith, of no address, to prevent his being inundated, as he assuredly otherwise would be, by passionate appeals and applications from the numbers of needy persons always on the look out for charity from a millionaire. The report of the Stuttgart Chamber of Commerce for the psst year is quoted.in the Consular report from Wartemberg. Speaking of the Bystem of protection, the Chamber says :-" The result of the intensive and ex- tensive development of the protective system, notwithstanding its beneficial influences on many brances of industry, has been to.doubly increase the international uucertainty which now burdens trade and commerce.. Kvery movement in favour of protective duties re suits in efforts on the part of each country in- terested in the matter to outbid its neighbour : and the very duty which is by way of pro- tecting a nation produces a reaction on home prices, and ca mses them to become assimilated to those of inter- national commerce." The report con- cludes with the following appeal :- " The Krespect of lasting improvements would be siter grounded could only further exactions in international customs tariffs be avoided, and the uncertainty of market price, which is the outcome of the protective system, be removed by an equitable establishment of mutual customs and commercial relations, by an increased stability and certainty of the duration of tariffs, and by a reciprocal return to former conditions. This is at present, it is true, but a pious wish, but the day will come when the imperative necessity of a mutual rapprocftement on questions of customs policy will be evident, and that not so mach by the uncertainty of prices aB by the gradual blocking of the provisions of the most-favoured nation clauses and of foreign conventional tariffs. Every year since 1879 haB witnessed the cessation or approaching cessation of various branches of foreign enter- prise. It is the case to-day with Switzerland, Italy, Ronmania, Scandinavia, Greece, Portu- gal, and, to a certain extent, £pain, and next year other countries will follow suit. Under the existing conditions of cuslomB policy it is clear that ' the moBt-iavoured-nation clause' is losing daily in meaning and importance, because every country denounces the con- ventional tariff system, and enlarges and accentuates the provisions of its own national tariff, whereas it is essential to the being of our commercial prosperity that the signifi- cance of that clause should, as far as possible, be preserved and even augmented. This can only be effected by mutual oonoeBsions sud by reduction of tariffs." 