T'lE LIME KILN L LF l. the( ant "Dar In seartin' linge I should like you cot to rememtber," seail Brother Gardner. as 1 State Rights Sdith l inally get over his fit me of coughing and the hall becaume quiet. slit " In do fust place doa-ian who lies will a knock a iman down forcallin' him a.liar Fe jist as soon as a man who tells the troof. In do oex' place, if a Ia11 says you lie, ant ,'r you doean' lie, how do you prove you dean' by hittin' him ? What men lack in argy mont tloy will try to make up either iu B, ridicule or bullldozin'. Wlhen you liar of a lpusson wid a conlidenshul friend you CO heyv found somebody to be sorry fur. A loan may Iov your respect an' tadmiration fur half u century on general principles, an' yet lose all in half a day by rofusin' to T indorse your bank note. Mioas' eleryt man has his rweak side, no' etoas' of its, except D de drunkard, ar' hypocrites We hide our w- akness, while we exhibit his. A roligun I which can't slhot up a church for six Sun- T, days doorin' de heated term mus' be power fulvy afraid of its strength. I like my - ro ligun to be tuempted now an' den. I like to believe all tmen honest, but I nobber take de same patent medicine fur liver complaint an' do toofache, no lmatter how O de label reads. If I ober open a bank I shan't hunt for a cashier without any small vices. I hvey seen do time whlen a othaw of W plug terbacker stopped my hunger fur my naybur's new pertaters. It ar' easy 'inllf to mlake friendls in a new navburhood. All you hev to do is to he a clieerful lender. Your enemies twill appear when you stop lolnin' an' begin to borrow. Let us now take up tie reg'lar purceedin's an' purceed to bizuess." S"NEBBIER DONE IT.' A A commsunication from the Ilon. I Stephen Clingstone, of Cotfeeville, Miss., states that the colored people of thlat noigllbourlTod, had been given to under- N stand that Brother Gardner had referred to tlhem in a general way as "a horde of I Scions wh'ose chief aim in life was to steal t bacon, whose honesty could be bought t with a chicken, antit whsose morality could not be found with a spy-glass." An in dignation meeting had been called, and unless tile Lirmekiln Club ruepudiated the sentiment, something would be heard to s drop with the tihutliest kind of a thud. " D ole sayin"dat nobody should ashoot \- till Ilis gun goes oft applies to dis case," said the plresident. " Not a word agin do cill'd populasthni of Coffeeville has eober bin uttered in dis all, an' Ido people has i excited cteirselves widout reason." i REEtIRIED. f e The secretary tite an nounced the fol- C \- lowinig from lock Lane, ind. :t I·UnorItea GAootNIR,-Iluving been a i close observer of tlhe " Imodlus operandi" e and the "godus prodeticus" of the Limet p lKiln Club," thought I wous l write and ask e ethe president if lhe would bestow a favor I d Oil stained humanity by establishing a e branch club at this place at the next legal a mieeting ? W\e have imany lark characters c Shere, and a cl ould be usel to anl ad- I y vantage in this vicinity. Shlould you con !. descend to favor us liy" estlblishing a club f here, would like it t, lie known as the Corn I e Cobl Club, and to receive 7 dol. from you i d to pay advance rent on a stable to Ie need I as our sanitllllu, and got som)Ie IeaIlles, & t &c.;, &c.; Itock Iano is a prot?y town for i In club to spend vacation in, tind after we herosme establislled you D)etriiters are cor dially invited to pieiic at thiks place. Ilopiing that you will pay iarkel attentieon o to thlie, and that we be allowed to make t Sour own by-law. .- remain, I. S1. S'onE. Is. 'The conuntnication was referred to the ' Cornlitlte on Applications, with instruc- j Stions to exercis' grteat care in investigating, as it hlis een reported in Indiantpolis Ip plers that nu person for six miles around a t Iltuck Lolne can raise a wattrinellon or a chicken. oGIVEN A HIT. The secrotary announced llhat hue vas in receipt ,of a halndbill from 'Towalnda, N.1'., showing that Charles Stewart, Sait Stmith, Douglas Wslson, Nate Young, lJerry Leeda, ud olther honorary Inombers of the Liite it Iiln Chilb were hLldiig public deulatea on i. the time!-worn clestnut-- " Which is thei' imother of the chicken--the hen that laysv t the egg or tihe hen wlich Iitfehes it ?" iv " )Do seckretary will coupItse as' for'd a tlett-of cashlnn tin de pistons naned,"saidt Ilh" presidelnt. " When it niutber of li, uh cil permlits hlis giant intelleck to grapplel r- wid such prolblemii.s ai dat hIe am on de roadl of leading either to the lpoolllusS or tie fool asylum. )II SUMMitIR I'ORTRY. S W\Vvaydown lebeu, cihairmian of the Sum t,,I er Poetry Cnnnlittee. rpritied thalit Iihad e received evern'ty-six cn?ipe itive Iomis iup to date, and that ie noticed it marked iti IprlvelllU nt ill styl., an shentilllent over last ri year. The prizes Vnil Id Se awardeid sitme \- tine ini Septit lber. Th'lie fullwing, written by old l'?te \Vhi:ufietl, of the Flohlrence n- hote!, Birminghamii Ala., was handed to tihe or secretary to bi reatl sTl n ll fiell : er TllE FATEI OF 'T11K CIIHCICIiN. er On a r oo.t it chicken sat, ( CoILme alIg--roI e along ; H'. lie was volllig and velry fat lie Sindg i song--sing it dong. s Ohl ! yol chicke ! litev a care, For .Josephltlu drawethl near. To Up the alley crept a coitn of Crept alang-crept along; By o le lieght of harvest nmion, Dle ing-a-duon-Ding-ua.s,ng. o Oh! yo cllickeion ! doan' vion nIO tt Why that darkey creejpothl so? sli Now Josephus glidetlh in, Ifuln-a-hun--hurn-a-h ntn ; -s- 'Now lie rnbs 'lit clhicken's shin, r I)11 nl-a-rln·i- :'InIf-la-{n 11111 ii- Now itit chicken's in a Ibag \- Lihup anid dead as any rag. , Elder Penstock rose to ohjecl. 'limie was when thoe nired ien of ihis ctnntr' might Ihe rolnerteld will tile cticlnke, bilt bhul day haI long sinte gnne by. lie looked u-itn tihe ioeln s ai n instlt lerellitd l itt tihe celored race. Wlh\\. sullotl a colored ttan Ioh representedl its ~tualing up the alle anlly tiore tiian a wliitso ltan ? tAndl, ahove all, ie wlaint tienller of the sitne Kiln Club cotlld or sit still uinilsr the title of " colnii ?" lIe 's- w'ould iltove that tile potuni be scornfully it rejected. S Sasntiol Shlin sulpported the inotion. It It tmde his bloodl boil Into b, thus openIly ih suiteds in his own hIouse is it wereo. C- " I shallo rul to Ie ilossun as outer erl:er," 0n cahily anntonisicei thie lprisident. "S'o flr i- ts iy oibservarlsnin extenis, dlo ecull'd ian m a'e jiti is liglltly connecteid wil chickdnl .- t de piresent timn as eber IthUn'. I can't it I'arn dot anybodly hass changeld is lins!e froil elicikent to codfisl if lie could help it. As to de titll of 'coon,' ldar' arl nil' nieod ts of giltin' n i os' our high itorse about it. ir- tt kin call del wlite flks foxes or ralslit's \- if weit wntL it. It dloani' iako is nst' en Ilacker, nor shorlten ui sotr feet one bit. As I sahi, I thall vherrts iis siostihn''" "It appleal from dalt dcieitn," itrotltttly ite annotnledt Pensuteolt. r " \'verry well, slhi, I'will put dU niOshlnit 'Iu fur an ilm'peal." Iln It was tit iands riveeived only two voltes. fi "1 swill ino\' put di nIIosIunI Is frowss dli ot It test p~us, titi l'ttit~ovk tlitie voheti tue Eldet~llr l'unstockT; .a Ithe preeeL. Bzigs wer B aiii I lii n gwie to iirirar a illnf wuavilko yoiu ofil o crrii wii PIenistock didn't du it meetinig broke ul lie oeir slid down sairsn il inlti ll a thaiiwho cid seco a ghost: Free Press." 