£100 ; REWARD ; oa, .THE REGIMENTAL GHOST. Bs ef Ex Dcraorov Orricit. PArU L I was sent for huaricly one evening to visit the residence of Mr. '"'uuton, the head of the eminlen banking firm of Taunton i sros. and ltltutt. ot Loucnarl.ttreea, Tne old genteman w.s not altogether on. known to =1', ano hr h*' rhe orrit. ioor, ", being at the same time one of the most upright and yeot oneof ntoe hardest of melln. 01 this I soon had an opportunity of Jude log. I wat received in a rtuhly fa?ntalti4d lut particularly gloomy apartment. There dirl not appear to be acomrnortable corner or chair in It The tall old genlenman asked me to, hr seared close to the large table at which he wee plated, and then he passed a slip of lavendec paper acrose to me. * Wrat do you call that ? he asked, SIt appears to be a oneque for one thoun sand pounds, signed by W. Spencer Taunton, I replle. s' I appears to he,' he repealed. ' Then you de not thik it genuine?' '* do not, wee my answer. The santn. tare may be all right, but the figures In the lefttClnd corner and the boly of the docu me,, steem to have been tampered with.' *Yon are right. D,, you think the work has been sktilrlly doner ' I do not.' I replied. f It is the rnork oft a novice, and therefore there can be little difliculty in findinl the culprit. The fact is, my own nephew is the gulity individual. and, ersir, after what hba passed between us two be can no longer he forgiven. He must be found, laid by the bee?, and prosecuted.' I continued looking at the cheque, and the Idea suddenly dawned upon me tnat the pe, petrator of thie swindle was capable of doing much finer work. It appeared to me tht the alteratIon was intended to be palpable, and that some kind of mystery must be attached to the wh,.e affair. Wilt you kindly give me particularsr I aeked. SMy nephew' ia a lietenans in a cavalry regiment now lying at I?-. After runnitns tbr.,ugh his own money recklessly, he ap pealed to me. I paid his denta and made him a aumfntable allowance. He seerns to havr, no ataiility of character. A few deyc agr, he cam'ie 'ro ine and confessed that he reat uacnilr emharr;ased. I received him in this room, and he mare a clean breast of his enorrcorn ines. I gave him a severe lecture, but con. luaded by writing him a cheque fora hundred pgonda as my last unwillith contrihutio to hia extravegance. 'I'heo unhappy youth hoa obliterated the Nord "hundred" by somen chemical proceasand substituted "thousand." By adling a cipher to the numerals, the ewindle he looked upon as being corrmplete. II, has cot actually forged my name, but the crime is equally serious; and much as the trand.treetlon and disgrace grieve me, I .hall not swerve from my dary n hbadoing him over for punishment to the authrlnti.e.' 'May I ask if the money was paid ' Fortunately it was not. t'he chief Sefficals at the bank knew of my fe'lrngo towards my nephew from bhi past fast living, and it was such a palpab e alteration that it was detected at once.' * Who presented thechelire?' SIt wea. paid in to the banking accounit of Captain Brlacoe, of his own reoruelt, andr doubtleat was nsanded over in, ayment of gambling debrs the money has not beer. codlected, but the crime is none the les a crime. My people at the hank sent for thI City police, and a private'clothee ofiicer went dowu to tle quartert of the regrmrent but the culprit could not re found, i prefer a roan of Woorn I know something, and s,r I have sent for you, What do yon thnink of the case ' 'I cannot a~e yet. What kind of character does Captain lIrienne seatari ?' SExcellent ! irreproachahil !' returned the old renIleman, with more earnestnese than he had hitherto displarrd. Promising to do my best In the peculiar case I asked if Mr. Taunton had any portrait of his nephew, lie raiKg the bell, and a foot man enrering, he said : ' Go to your mistress and ask her for a por trait of Archi-- Mr. Carrington.' A uecaliarly fains carte'de visite was brought me in a few minutes, and I was conducted from the room by the solemn eor. Vent. As I came out Into the hall I caught a glimpse of one of the brighteet-looking girls I ver saw In my life. She was just dis appearing within the threshold of a brilliantly. lit room opposite, the general aspect of which connteated pleaantly with that I had Just left. Upon reaching the etreet door, the footman said in a low tone: ' My mistres desired me to ask you to wait a fewpmomente.' Almost the next instant a refined'looking mild came from the room I had just noticed, and said : 'Would you kindly leave your private address My mistress earneatly desires to see you on very particular business, and asks if tonight would be convenient for a call.' I had noticed that both servants had used the words 'my mistress'rather pointedly and began to suspect that the female part of Mr. Tanuton's household had a different kind of Interest in the unhappy Mr. Archibald Car. rington to that entertained by that gentleman himeelf. I gave my card with my private address, maying : ' Buniness will detain me at home all this evening ;' and as I spoke an unnoticed glance over my shoulder revealed the yo ing lady I had seen before looking anxiously from the door of her room. This was not the simple matter it first appeared to be, I felt certain now. I proceeded home at once and thought nut the case before me. It did not take me long. considering the limited information I yet possessed, to come to a conclusion which proved pretty accurate in the end. I was however, somewhat anxious for the promised inter'vie , and rather disappointed as hou, after hour passed, and atill no one appeared. About ten o'clock I thought about goinir our, but just then I remembered hat in all pro. bability nine o'clock would pass before dinner would be over in such a fashionable establishment as that of Mr. Taunton's. At halfpast ten a cab drove up to the door, anid two closely.veiled ladies rapidly aliahted. They were about to knock, but I had been at the eitting-room window, and opened the door in time toadmit them quietly. Asking them to be seared, [ waited silently for. whatever they proposed submitting to me. The maid wet the first to draw up her veill, and she proceeded very Intelligently to state the case as I already knew it; but bring fully 4ware of the vlale of time to the young lady peetnt as well as to myself, I said : SYou will pardon my seemine abruptness, but we may as well understand each other at quce. I conclude that yon consider Mr Archibald Carringtop innocent of the crime with which he In charged. If you wish me to be of any service to you-and him--yon must conlde in me completely. At the same time I hope -on will understand that I do not court roar coofldences.' There was a pause, and st last the lady ended Is by auddenly raising her veil and di; '.?ling a moat beathitn face, Politmen arelike othermen, aat fara-ppreciatton of keenly goes. MlscTaunton war pale from erxotemenr, and her large dark ayes fairly glowed from the same canse and from a different hut elually unnislkosble emotIon. I will confide in you,' she said, decielneal,. a •low but wonderfully pleasant vroice. 'My consin is incapable of committing the crime oiwbhich he hab beenaccusaed.' 3She then, at considerable length, explained that the accsed toung ofilcer ws of a sunny end genial disposition, that he had never been broucht Ul to view life in a very srions way; and thatif he played deeply and backed hrlorse Indiscreetly, It was more from thotebtlesesness than Innate extravagance and vIciousness that he erred. In addition to thie,' she proceeded, 'he has all afneg been led to believe that he would be, in a: oae, th teir of his uncle. my father.' SPardon me,'I Interruptd ; ,I know that r. Taunton bu na eons.,but I fall to under. Stand how Mr, Carrineton could expect to bacome his nocle's heIr while the latter had adaughter.' She bowed her fine head at this somewhat rude speech ; bet it was necreary for the eqdm I had in view, and I corld not arnare r nd do my duty. Her flle fae e war deeply e when she raised her eyes to mine, and without another word I undaratood the dr et clearly, which I had already bhalf The fact is,' I continued,. 'there existed, a.qtil some of Mr. Carrington'8 excesses were dIscovered, a kind of family nuderetandlng that he ehould ultImately marry you, Mice 'Taunton o' d?e bowed, SNow we come near the point which I rana have made clear if I am to prove this young gentleman's innocence-if he is inoo ' cent. Do you know if he has any enemie ?' SI know of nona Hlis nature ia"so open and sunny, that be can have formed no _smlee.' 'Juast so. I am pretty well satfied on oant pmotut mcyeel, aed I tete.r uon e I atm once more compelled to enter upon delicate grouand. I am are you cannot feel offended at etmple offRclal ltquirive, whilc remain un koonsr to all the worlt but omself, Other g-entlmen have aoubdlees alpired to the onnur of ano alliance with you, Miel Taun * Oh, yes,' she repied, almn?it hurriedly; ' hut no one, I feel crriet., who could detceno to the terrible crime of erlne?avturing to ruin a ftr-lw creatnurn for nt h n a urplie.' * Ah, Misa T.u , you cannot know hn:nnr, n:.'?r? ait I k:i v :! Hlt you ci:. avoid the patn O( a further pRtenance of this wuhject 'f you mention the narmes of 8omn of your more fevoutred laistor.' ' And enhmia them to the euareillance of the police ? Never !' ' As yon please. Permit me to remind yon that it is the liherty-perhaps the life-of an innocent mart that is at stake. That man i youtngr-your owrn canin ; and if I am not mletaken he has a deeper claim upon yonr *.lfea it ,. thilt mere relationhibp would entitle him I).' Mi5s Lrunton hung her head again for a few eeiodf, and theit said, In a low voice: * Ml father ha. for come time favoured the enit of Captain ttrilcoo. and he has been much at iur houn elately.' ' Thank run,' I proceededl. 'And now when your father asked for a portrait of Mr Carringtlon, you ent me the oldest and leasnl perfect of all yon had in your poeesiaon ; you did nor wish me to arreat him. At .,reenr it appeare to he my duty to arreet himnt; hout we peopl reeonni0e a higher ouot than arreutlng mn-rely nsepected persons Our highest and fir.t duty Ir to cleat the innocent anrd find or,n the guilty. If I am to he of eervice to Mr. Carrington I must be ablie to tind him. 'T'o find him easily I mast have a hbetter likeness of him than buis ;' and I handed the carte to her. L I trun? in y0ou nreaervedly,' she said, as oe drew a heavy gonld necklet and locket from her neck. Touching i spring in the latter is opened and displayea the ' counter Feri liikenee' of one of the brightest faces I The exoreeflon wee perfectly Joyous, frank, and Ingeunous. Beini a beautiful work of art, I had the eraet colour of the hair and of the eyes. The former was hrlaht solden yellow, while the latter were of a etrange liiht.hine or grey hue that gave a peculiar pDpeatranco to the whole man. It seemed, evenl in the platrait, as if those joyous, tran'parent eyes could he wonderfully weird under a change of mood, and this prepared me in some degree for the remarkable occurrences that followed. 