ROCKHAMPTON. FRIDAY. JANUARY 14, 1887. THE CZAR ON THE WARPATH. THE kaleidoscopic condition of Euro pean politics makes it difficult to trace the progress of events in the Old World, but at last a gleam of light appears amid the darkness, and thc chaos begins to resolve itself into something like order. Even now, however, it is impos- sible for the keenest politicians to fore- tell the course that events will take, for the prime mover in the disturbance, which threatens soon to involve a whole continent in war, has degenerated into insanity, and his policy is shaped by ghosts, and visions, and the thousand other phantasies of his diseased brain. The Czar of Russia is now an almost hopeless maniac, driven mad by terror, suspense, and mental agony, and his disorder has taken the shape of an insensate thirst for bloodshed, though it apparently matters little in his calcula- tions whose blood is shed ; that of friend or foe will be equally welcome. For the moment, however, his frenzy is directed against Austria, a country which bade fair, at one time, to be his best ally, until his conduct convinced the Govern- ment of Vienna they were negotiating with an utterly irresponsible being ; and the desperate haste with which the Dual Empire is preparing for the emergency, shows the Kaiser has good reason for believing this to be no false alarm. The Czar's latest inspiration illustrates in a striking manner the policy of quarreling over the skin while the bear j is still alive. The jealousy between Russia and Austria arises from the 1 claim put forward by the latter for a share in the spoils of the Sultan, [ and the Sultan, as it happens, is not yet dead. A sane autocrat would probably have , endeavoured to act in alliance with his rival, until the moment of division actually ar- rived, and would then have trusted to treachery for the settlement of details ; but Alexander III. is apparently in a condition that unfits him for such diplomacy ; his enemy ia before him, and bis present impulse is to go straight forward, and break something. Judging from this feature in his policy, he is in a bad way, for the Muscovite who forgets how to lie must be mad indeed. How long his purpose will hold out remains to be seen, but the probability is that the preparations now going on at Vienna will keep his passion at fever heat, and that the beginning of spring will see the opening of a stupendous campaign in Eastern Europe. The universal war so long expected is still in futuro, and its coming will probably depend, in a great degree, upon Austria. Should the Dual Em- pire be able to bold its own in a struggle with Russia, other States may be con- tent to look on ; but if there is valuable plunder to be obtained on either side, more than one of the neighbouring nations is likely to take a band. Throughout the greater part of Europe the impression prevails that Austria will go down like a house of cards be- fore a concentrated Muscovite attack. For many years she has done little but cede provinces. 'Bavaria, Switzerland, Prussia, France, Italy, and even Servia, have all grown larger at her expense, and since the days of Maria Theresa she has seldom scored a victory. She has trusted much of late years to fine-spun diplomacy, and the prospect of being compelled to fight for her existence now comes upon ber by surprise. ? But still there are many circumstances which induce the belief that ber star is in thc ascendant-that she has seen the last of a long series of disasters, and is about to undergo a great resurrection ; and , to every subject of the British Empire her success, in the event of a war -with Russia, is an «rent to be devoutly hoped for, as such a result might postpone for generations oar own long- dreaded con- test on the Indian border. For the first time in ninety years Austria bas now a prospect of fighting at an advantage. She met the first Napoleon when in his zenith, and amid her own losses she did much to break his strength, while Britain, on the other hand, gained her laurels chiefly during his decline. The Kaiser's victories at Aspern and Ersling were achievements far greater than the boasted conquest at Waterloo ; but the French Emperor was i then possessed of illimitable resources, and, by the aid of superior numbers and generalship, he was able at last to man down his enemy. The civil war of 1848 was no test of her ability, for the Government was then rendered almost powerless by a dozen separate insurrec- tions ; and it must be remembered, that should anothern Bern or Kossuth arise, he will come to aid, not to dis- member, the Empire. In her war with France, ten years later, she was oppos- ing the Man of Sedan at a period when his power was at its height, and when she herself had not recovered from the terrible ruin of 1848 ; and in the famous Six Weeks War she matched the obsolete muzzle-loader against the Prus- sian needle-gun-and even then she lost only by a hair's breadth. This contest, j too, showed that military talent was again awaking in Austria, and that the race of hopelessly incompetent martinets was dying out. The aged Benedck, even with the millstone of Clam Gallas hung round his neck, proved himself a commander of whom any nation had reason to be proud, and the victory of Gablenz, in the first battle of Trautenau. awoke the Prussians to the fact that they had terribly underrated their formerly despised antagonists. Toe comparative military strength of Austria and Russia at the present time is difficult to estimate. In this depart- ment much depends on picturesque lying, but it is probable the Govern- ment of Vienna will be able next spring to dispose of 1,000,000 men, nearly half of whom will be armed with the new Mannlicher rifle-the most destructive weapon of modern times. Russia, on the other hand, boasts of an army at least twice as large, but fully half of these are constantly employed in keep- ing down insurrection at home, and the forces of the two nations are likely to prove about equal. At the present moment, if reports can be relied upon, the Czar has nearly 400,000 men con- centrated round Kief, and in Bessarabia and Armena. Austria, on the other hand, has made no such preparations, but her railway system will enable her to accomplish in a few hours what will be to her enemy the work of many weeks, and she can afford to wait until she knows from what quarter to look for the attack. There is one item, however, in the programme attributed to the Czar, which may go far to overset present calcula- tions. The war of 1853 was commenced by the invasion of Moldavia and Wal- lachia, and the two venal Hospodars, Prince Ghika and Prince Stirbey, though they grumbled, did not dare to be hostile. The campaign of 1877 opened in like manner, and King Carol I. proved himself an active and valuable ally. But the atrocious robbery, by which the Czar rewarded this ardent supporter, almost precludes any hope of further assistance from the same quarter ; and the proposal to occupy Roumania, with a view to invading Austria from the south, is either one more proof of Alexander's insanity, or is based on a profound knowledge of the fathomless nature of Roumanian cowardice and folly. King Carol is the unknown quan- tity of the present Austro-Russian com- plication, for the preparations now going on in Montenegro are-likely to prove of little consequence. Prince Nicholas is subsidised by both Emperors, and though he generally adheres to the Czar, it is not probable -that the barbarians of the Black Mountain will face the Austrian cannon in the open country, and it is still less to be expected the Austrians will attack them among the stupendous mountains of their barren principality. The Sultan, too, is massingtroops in Mace- donia, tut it is almost as reasonable to look for a comic opera from the pen of that grave Moslem as to expect him to interfere when it is so much moro profitable to look on. Germany and France are busy watching each other, and Italy is occupied with visions of a great colonial empire to be founded in Northern Africa. If the spring finds the Czar still alive, and filled with his present purpose, there is likely to be a clear field for both combatants, but by that time he may have changed his mind-or died. Insane sovereigns die suddenly and mysteriously in Russia. THERE were no caaes for hearing at the Police Court yesterday. THE rainfall for thetwenty-four hours ending at nine o'clock yesterday morning was as fol- lows :-Bundaberg, 0fl3In.; Inskip Point, O'OI in.; Magnetic Island, 0 31 in.; Woody Island, 1'IQ in. The readings of the ther- mometer at Rockhampton within the same period werB aa follows :-Minimum in the shade, 78'7° ; maximum in the shade, 92* ; minimum on the grass, 74"5° ; maximum in the sun, I2i'5°. MB. HOMES, of Moura Station, arrived in town yesterday, and reports haring ridden from the station to Westwood, a distance of ninety-six miles, within twenty-four hours in a buckboard waggon. He started at four o'clock on Wednesday afternoon and travelled to Banana before nightfall. He waited there until the moon rose, and then proceeded on his way, reaching Westwood about one o'clock yesterday afternoon. Mr. Homer changed horses once or twice en route. MB. CBAKLDS POWERS, the Maryborough Chronicle nye, was bade good-bye by a large number of friends on Saturday night, on the eve of his departure for England, and he sailed south by the Egmont to catch the home steamer. Mr. Powers is entrusted with a responsible mission, which he is well fitted to discharge, and that is to float two large com- panies-the Isis Investment Company and the Land and Mortgage Company-on the English market. [We hope some of our townsmen who have gone home will try and raise some capital to set the Pandora Sugar Plantation going; again. It is a pity to see the machinery Idle, and the land Dearing only a great crop of weeda. Ed. M.B.] Ma. R, FOULKES kindly informs us tbat the raflle for a gig, which took place at his Bank Auction Rooms last evening, ended in the vehicle being \> on by Messrs. W. Cadden and W. J. Nankivell, with a throw of 40. There were several throwB of 40 and 41, but none nearer than those to the winning. A HOB of 1230 store bullocks, and twenty horses, from Messrs. Homer and Co.'s Moura Station have been sold to Mr. T. Hungerford, and are now en route to the south. At the present moment they are camped about Red- bank. Mr. Williams, the representative of Messrs. White Brothera, of New South Wales, has just completed the purchase of a large mob of store cattle from Mr. Cadell, of j Kroombit Station, and they will Bhortly leave I for their destination. Eight hundred cattle from the north, in charge of Mr. George Ross, are now spelling at Leichhardt DOWDB. They will resume their journey at an early date. THE usual meeting of the Women's Christian . Temperance Union was held on Wednesday afternoon. The proceedings were opened by devotional exercises. After the UBual formal business had been transacted, the superin- tendent of the young people's branch reported a successful meeting, and that they purpose holding a public meeting en the 18th of February, when the Society will have been in existence a year. The visitors to the Hos- pital with flowers gave a satisfactory account of their reception. The Depot visitors re- ported having visited two lots of immigrants. Among the first they had prevailed upon thirteen to take pledges and blue ribbouB, and among the last ten pledges and ribbons had been distributed. It was decided that on the next day of meeting, after the formal business, an hour be devoted to prayer and consecration. After passing some accounts for payment, the meeting closed with the Benediction. TYPHOID fever, says the Melbourne Argus, is usually moro or less prevalent throughout the colony at this period of the year, and the Central Board of Health have received re- ports of cases from various pisces, chiefly the suburbs. A communication from the Alfred Hospital states that twenty-seven patients suffering from typhoid fever have been re- ceived into that institution since November 1?. Two have been discharged and seven have died, leaving eighteen in the hospital. Cases have been reported from nearly all the suburbs of Melbourne, including (South Mel- bourne, Port Melbourne, Richmond, Hawks- burn, and Brunswick ; as well as from a num- ber of country centres, viz., Kyneton, Castle- maine, and ClunsB ; while one case has been received into the hospital from Churchill Island, in Westernport Harbour. Four deaths from typhoid were reported to the Central Board of Health in one day. DUBING the voyage of the Derwent, s.e., to Brisbane last week, says the Maryborough Chronicle of Monday, very rough weather was experienced in crossing Wide Bay Bar, euch as one of the passengers has good cause to remember. A man named Frazer, who was a passenger from Rockhampton, managed during his brief Bt&y; in Maryborough to imbibe rather more than he could comfortably stow. As the Derwent was tossing about in the heavy sea on the bar. Frazer emerged from his cabin and on reaching the deck, lost his footing, and was thrown heavily across the deck. On being picked up and conveyed into the saloon, it was found that he was quite unconscious, and had sustained severe injuries to his head, a huge gosh extending from back to front, laying bare his skull. He was skilfully attended to by the chief officer, Mr. De Vaux, whose versatility was shown by the neatness with which he put twenty-two stitches into the broken head. On reaching Brisbane wharf, Frazer was conveyed ashore for medical treatment. THE Hon. John Macrossan, says the Towns- ville Herald, has been forced by the exigencies of his personal affairs to decline to accede to the Separation Council's request that he should visit London as a delegate from Queensland. His friends know that this decision is not dne to any desire to shirk public duty, but it is unavoidable in the present position of his private business. A very important lawsuit in which he is a Srincipal witness renders his presence in ydney absolutely necessary during the next three or four months. The Mackay branch of the Separation League has suggested that two delegates should be sent home, one of whom is to be Mr. Black, and offers to contribute £400 towards the expenses of such a delegation. The name of Mr. W. V. Brown naturally suggests itself to us os the second representative of North Queensland. His recognised ability as a financier, his public position as a Parliamentary representative of Townsville, and'his thorough grasp of the chief points ot our case make lum pre- eminently suitable for the work. As Mr. Brown is now in Townsville, the Separation Council can, if it approves of the Mackay people's plan, at once learn from him whether he will be able to leave the colony as Mr. Black's colleague. No stronger delegation is, we think, possible, than one comprising two such able men and genuine North Queenslanders, as the member for Mackay, and the junior member for Townsville. THE Police Magistrate presided at the weekly sitting of the Small Debts Court yes- terday. The cases he had to decide were few in number, and unimportant. In the unde- fended action of C. Hourigan «. Timothy Crawley, £5 Ss. 8d., goods, he entered a verdict for the sum claimed, with £1 6B. costs. Robert M'Gregor and John Scanlon, two saddlers, were the plaintiff and defendant, respectively, in a case in which the former sought to recover £2 fis. 5d. for money lent and goods sold. Both parties conducted their own cases. A few weeks ago Scanlan prose- cuted M'Gregor for debt, and a counter- claim was alleged. TMB, however, was withdrawn, and a verdict given for Scanlan ; and M'Gregor took independent action. Though be claimed £2 5s. Sd., bis claim was, virtually, only £1 Ss. lld., as Scanlan had-In the previous instance allowed 19s. Cd, for money he had borrowed from M'Gregor. Scanlan now admitted owing 8s., bat denied the allégations that he had borrowed 5s. besides the amount he bad allowed when the parties first entered the Court, and that he bought white serge valued at 12s. lld. Mr. Lukin asked if it was worth while falling out over such a paltry «um as 17s. lld., and the defendant wanted to split the difference. This Mr. M'Gregor de- clined to accept, and called a witnpss, who proved MB assertions regarding the loan of SB., and the supply of the Berge. Scanlan gave evidence on his own be- half, denying he owed more than 8s., but the Police Magistrate gave a verdict for £1 Ss. lld., with 5s. costa. J. Greenhalgh sought to recover £15 from J. Barclay for detinue. Mr. E. H. Jones appeared for the claimant, and Mr. Pattison for the defendant. After a little arguing thc case waB put off for a week to enable Barclay to file a defence, and costs of the day, amounting to £3 10s., were allowed Greenhalgh. In connection with this case an amusing incident occurred. Greenhalgh said he had come in from Mount Morgan-a distance of twenty-eight miles, and Mr. Jones thereupon remarked "That will entitle him to £1 8s. for mileage. Mr. Pattison understood the Mount was only twenty-six miles away. Mr. Lukin did not accept either statement, bnt appealed tc the bailiff of the Court to know what mileage he usually charged. Mr. Delaney answered " Twenty-five miles." It then transpired that Greenhalgh lived two miles on the Rockhamp- ton side of Monnt Morgan, and he was accord- ingly allowed £1 3s. for mileage. A month »go the defended case of Scott, Gleeson, and Scott r. M. L. Devitt, io which the plaintiffi claimed £13 4e. 2d., «es referred to th» arbitration of Hr. J. G. Gwenneth, Resident Engineer of the Central Railway. At the Court yesterday Mr. Pattison, solicitor for the claimants, stated Mr. Gwynneth bad fonnd for his clients for £6 Ss. 8d. with costa. He asked for a verdict. This waa given, and the costa were fixed at £2 16s. 6d. As there were some Scotch immigrants of the name of Reekie came here about a year ago, the following paragraph from the Horns, if fi» may have a painful interest for them : "A discovery of a shocking character waa made at South Toll, Cupar Fife, on Novem- ber 19. A Mri. Reekie and her tb ree children occupied a house of two rooms, Reekie himself being away in Australia, whither he went in search of employment. As none of the family had been seen for a day or two, the police forced the door, and were then met by strong fumes of gaB. On a search being made, the mother was found lying dead with two of her children, all having been suffocated by the gas, the fourth inmate, a boy of six years, being still alive, but in a hopeless condition.1' MESSES. B. D. MOREHEAD AND Co., Rock, bampton, report having sold the following, stock:-7600 Wellshot ewes, with 60 per cent of lambs, to Mr. C. W. Little, at a satisfactory price, delivered at Coreena Station ; to Mr. Charles Baldwin, Durham Court, Manolis, from 600 to 700 store bullocks from Mr. John Muirhead, of Elgin Downs, Clermont; and from 300 to 400 from Mr. A. Small, of Glen- more Station, near Clermont, at a satisfactory price, delivery to be given at stations on or before the 14th of February ; to Messrs. White Bros., Edinglassu, Muswellbrook, WOO store bullocks at 70s. from Mr. Wm. Cadell, of Kroombit Station, delivery on or before; the 10th of February. Both these lots are going to New South Wales. Ms. J. STANDES, M.R.C.V.S.L., writes to the Telegraph, Brisbane, a short note that. cabmeD wilt read with interest :-Sir,-At the commencement of the hot season of the year, all horses thatare stabled, being well fed and ia full condition, are liable to a skin complaint, which may cause serious inconvenience, and cveu trouble to the owner. Its first appear- ance is in thc shape of small lumps or pimples, on various parts of the body, chiefly the neck, more easily felt by passing thc hand over the hair than detected by the eye. At this stage the complaint is easy of treatment. A daily dose of properly prepared alterative condition powder, given in a bran mash feed, which should be substituted for the usual com feed when coming from work, is all that ia neces- sary to rectify the complaint. But shonll this be neglected, sores of humorous descrip- tion, and an obstinate nature are .liable ? to form at such places where the harness presses, Buch as the point of the shoulder, and on top of thc neck, beneath the collar or saddle, &c.; These sores ere sometimes so obstinate of treatment that they might be termed chronic, often preventing the owner from using an animal for a long period, thus destroying its usefulness. IK dealing with the young clerk Thomas Lambert, who, in the Police Court, Brisbane, pleaded guilty to embezzling a cheque value £16, the property of his employer, Mr. G. T, Bell Mr. Pinnock availed himself of the new Justices Act, clauses 186, 187, and 191. The accused had the option of letting the cue go- to a jury or of being dealt with summarily by the Bench, which, as explained in the Act, under certain circumstances, is empowered to deal with serious oases euch as embezzlement when otherwise it would have no jurisdiction. He chose to be dealt with by the Bench, and made a statement in extenuation. After pleading guilty Mr. Pinnock told him that the fact of his intending to replace the money did not lessen the guilt of stealing it, aar! found nothing in his statement that would make him take a lenient view of the case. This particular case, he said, was a precedent as regarded the new Justices Act, and as he dealt with Lambert so he should deal with others. Lambert was sentenced to six months' imprisonment without hard labour, and under the 191st clause of the Justices Act ordered to repay the whole of the money embezzled iu instalments at four, eight, and twelve months after he left the gaol, so that although his Imprisonment oar/ lasts six; mouths, tho consequence of his crime wilt hang over his head for eighteen months. When the fact is generally understood that in future criminals, besides beug punished, will be made to refund the value of ths pro- perty stolen, it is hoped that there will be a sensible diminution in the crimes of larceny, embezzlement and the like. WE received a cablegram last night, an- nouncing the extremely sudden death ot the Earl of Iddesleigh, «ho occupied the position of Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs in the present Conservative Cabinet before the Ministerial differences led to his withdrawal. His lordship has had a brilliant career. He was best known as Sir Stafford Northcote, which title he held previous to the dignity of Earl being conferred upon him. He was bom on October 27, 1818, and was therefore sixty eight y ears of age. " Men of the Time " says: He was educated at Eton and at Balliol College, Oxford (B.A., first-class in classics» and third in mathematics, 1839 ; M.A., 1811Ï A Hon. D.C.L. 1883). He was Private Secre- tary to Mr. Gladstone while that statesman was President of the Board of Trade (1643-451 and on being catted to the Bar at the Inner Temple in 1847, he became Legal Secretary to. the Board of Trade. On the death of bia grandfather, Sir Stafford Henry Northcote, the seventh baronet, in 1851, he succeeded to the family title and estates. He represented Dudley in the Conservative interest from. March, 1855, till April, 1857 ; and sat for Stamford from July, 1858, till May, 1866,. when be was first elected for North Devon. He was Financial Secretary ts the Treasury during the first half of the year 1859, and he was appointed President of tho Board of Trade in Lord Derby's third administration, in June, 1866, when he was «worn of the Privy Council. From March, 1867, tiliH December, 1S68, he was Secretary of State for India. More recently he was a member of the Joint High Commission, whose labours resulted in the Treaty of Washington in 1871. When Mr. Disraeli formed his Cabinet in Febuary, 1874, Sir Stafford Northcote was nominated Chancellor of the Exchequer, and. he became also the leader sf the Lower House after the elevation of the Premier to the peerage as Lord Beaconsfield. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in April, 1875. Lord Iddesleigh was the author of several' political works ; he was married. He leaves a family. THE adjourned annual inspection of cabs takes place at ten o'clock this forenoon. THE monthly meeting of the Committee of the Port CurtiB and Leichhardt Districts Hospital will be held at four o'clock this afternoon in the Council Chambers. WE direct attention to Mr. G. B. Shaw's auction sale thiB day of select furniture at the residence of Mr. J. C. Browne, Hillview, near the Botanical Gardens. The sale will com- mence at eleven o'clock prompt. MESSRS. JAMES SPICES AND SON, through, their Melbourne accnt, Mr. G. G. Mercy» Temple Court, Collins-street, West, have issued a very neat blotting pad and memoranda calendar, which wc commend to the atten- tion of merchants. For the private desk it will be found very handy. AK OPEN ENEMV is not to be feared, bot the secret foe should be carefully guarded against. The only effective guardian against au forms of kidney and liver difficulties ia Dr. Bell's (Kidney and Liver) Bitters. " Never known to fail" is the motto inscribed on its banner.-ADVT. A COINCIDENCE WORTH NOTING.-On re- ferring to the Army Medical Reports, it wilt be found that the principal miasmatic dis- eases prevailing in Victoria are identical with those which prevail in India, where Freeman's. Cblorodyne was introduced in 1850. Used throughout Hie whole of the Indian Empirai with unexampled success since that period in the treatment and oure of Fever, Rheumatism Sore Throat, Dysentery, Diarrhoea, Con- tinued Fever and many other Diseases, it is easy to understand why the colonists of Victoria entertain such a highly favourable opinion of it, and regard Freeman's Chloro dyne as the most valuable household remedy extant for the treatment of thc above indi- genous maladies. In India 150 agencies are established. Insist upon having " Freeman's" only. Trade mark an Elephant.-Obtainable from all chemists and storekeepers. -ADVT, THE cattle business is seriously depressed in the United States, tho low prices of meat having brought down the values of store BB well as fat cattle. No improvemcntisexpected till winter is over, and whether any will take place when the grasB bcginB to grow will de- pend in great measure upon the general con- dition of thc country as to prosperity or the reverse. The prospects of the ranche com- panies, for which there was such a rage a few years ago, arc not now very bright. Greater attention to sheep-farming is now being recom- mended by Borne of the live-stock journals, not only on account of the rise iu the price of wool, but also because the " golden hoof " of the sheep is one of the best of fertilising agencies. RECENTLY near Carrigart, North Donegal, the police were searching for illicit distilling, when they espied a man on a mountain making signals. They chased bim, and on going to the seashore they found two boats or curraghs being launched, and a man running from a crevice in the rock earring a keg ou his head. The man dropped the keg, ard in making a desperate effort to get into the boats, which meantime had been launched by the other smugglers, upset it. The police waded into the water and captured the boat. One of the smugglers surrendered ; but another tried to swim to an islet some distance away, and WBB rescued by the police in a drowning condition. The smugglers in the second boat got away, but left behind them two stills, two worms, and several kegs of ilUcit whisky. From the stillhouse in the rocks several large vats and a quantity of wash, worms, and kegs were found. IT has at last been decided by the Light- house Board to discontinue the electric light at Hell Gate. The opinions about the light vary. Among the companies against it were those sending the big boats to Newport, Fall River, New London, New Haven, Stoning- ton, and other Sound ports. The reasons assigned were that while the pilots could see well inside the circle of electrio Light, they could not see beyond it ; that beyond it was a wall of blackness ; that they emerged from that circles of light with eyes dazzled, blinded, and almost useless ; and that hence the light was a hindrance rather than a help. Some eight or ten companies whose boats ply in the circle of the electric light almost en- tirely replied in favour of its retention. The board has not fixed the date of the dis- continuance, but it is to be shut off soon. The board is still open, however, to reason ; and if it should be Bhown that the electric light ought to bo continued, the board could be convinced. A DISTBBÜSINQ fatality occurred at the Glebe on Monday night, says the Sydney Iteming Herold. At about 10 p.m. a young S"tri named Ellen Meeley expired at the resi enceof herparents, No. 1, Catherine-street, from the effect* of poison supposed to have been accidentally imbibed. From the infor mation to hand it would appear that the deceased complained of feeling unwell in the afternoon, and that her mother directed her to take a dose of fluid magnesia, a bottle of which was kept in the house. Owing to an unfortunate similarity in the appearance of two bottles, the girl by mistake drank portion of a oompound used) for cleaning electro-plate ware, which proved to be of a highly poison- ous nature. Four medical men-Urs. Smith, West, Service, and M "Cormack- attended the ill-fated girl, and used every means in their power to counteract the effects of the poison, nut without avail, and their ,patient died at the hour mentioned. THE full meaning of sunstroke is not in- cluded in that term. Heartstroke or insola- tion is a better word, and implies a further peril besides the downward glare of an un- clouded sun. The concentrated heat of a close workroom, as well as the exposure incurred by some oareleiB labourers in the open field, may lead to most serions consequences. The exhaustion of work also, particularly If cloth- ing is heavy, is a predisposing condition which should not be lost sightrof. Ventilation, rega- lar nutrition, light, clothing, and, as far as possible, remission of the pressure of work are strongly indicated by the weather con- ditions under which we are now living, and we therefore venture to impress their impor- tance alike on employers and employed. Beer and other stimulants are hurtful rather than helpful, and the substitution of the non-intoxi-. oast oooling drinks for those beverage» it a truly scientific and sanitary sdvasce in public taste. Protection of the head ia a subject which ls now fairly well understood. It should not be forgotten that neck as well aa the cranium requires to be covered. Ifs. G. STOMBUCO has accomplished what oust be considered a wonderfully successful bicycle ride from Brisbane to Toowoomba (says the" D.D. Gazette), having made the trip in fifteen hours, an extraordinarily good record, when we consider the np hill nature of the road nearly all the way and the formidable images to trusunnonnted, and which, in the opinion of Mr. Btombuco, add in point of fatigue fully twenty-five miles to the journey. Brisbane was ' left twenty minutes past six on Saturday morning last, Ipswich offering the first break for breakfast, while at Laidley dinner was obtained. Darkness overtook the cyclist before he reached the foot of the range, and after he had learnt more than enough concerning the rugged"road which once formed the highway to the Downs he capped the brow of the hill, where he took a well-deserved spell. This point was reached at nine o'clook in the evening, and town gained half- an-hour afterwards. This is the first journey made from Brisbane to Toowoomba, and the fastest time on record either coming or going. Mr. Stumbuco tells ns that in going up the Liver-. «aol Range, and again in ascending the Main Range the labour is enough to ture out the hardiest wheelman. However, Mr. Stombuoo In his pioneer journey has demonstrated the practicability of a cycle ride from Brisbane, and no doubt will now be followed by many others, though we question if the good time made will be beaten. 