FICTION. -¡O: From Ko gil ib, Amerlenu, and Other Period I cn I«. THE MYSTERY. CHAPTER XXX.-(Continued.) That evening, foi the first time Lieutenant Stanford took a seat besile Rose, and did his best to bo agreeable Kate smiled approval from her seat at the piano, and Doctor Delaplame, on the other side of Rose, heiid and saw all, and did not quite understand But Rose was still on her dibnity,<and declined to descend It was hard to iefist that perouasive voice, that bewildering smile, those wonderful eyes, but she did She ' ^hardened herself resolutely by the thought of how he had deceived her-that he was soon to be her sister's husband That thought was too bitter to be borne, sitting by his side The hybterics were coming ngam Rose got up abruptly, excused her- self, and left the room When the family weie dispersing to their chain bers that night, Reginald lingered to speak to Kate " I have failed, you sec," he said " Rose is a mystery," said Kate vexed, " she has quite a new way of acting of late Bub you know," smiling radiantly , " a Stanford never yields " " True It is discouiaging, but I shall try a »ain Good night, dearest and best, and pleasant di earns -of me " He ascended to his bedroom, lamp in hand A light coal fire blazed in the grate, and sitting down before it, with his coat off, his slippers on, and Ina hands in his pockets, he gazed at it with knitted brow, and whistling softly For half an houi he sat, still as a statue Then he got up, fonnd his writing case, and sat down to indite a letter He was singing the fag end of something as he dipped his pen in the ink ' Bind the sea to slumber stilly Bind Ka odor to tile lily Bind the appen ne er to quiver Then bind love to last loreverl "Gower Hall, February 26, l8 "Mr Dear Lauderdale -I think I promised when I left Windsor, to write and tell you ho» I got on m this hoiribly cold aictic region It is nearly three months since I left Windsor, and my conscience (don't laugh-I ha\e discovered that I hive a consuence of late) gives me sundiy twinges when I think of you I don't feel like sleeping, to night I am full of my sub] 'ct, so here goes " In the fiist place, Miss Delaplame, my beautiful betrothed, is well, and as much of an angel as ever In the second place, Gow« Hall is delightful, and holds moie angels than one In the third place, Sir Ronald Ciaig is here, and half mad with ieal ousy I don't see it, of course I don't enjoy it eithei You ought to see how sweetly I play in- nocent unconsciousness, and am so cordial with him The keenest noith wind that has evei blown since J carne to Canada is not half so freezing as he Alas, poor Yonck ' He is a fine fellow too, and fought like a lion in the Russian tienches, but there was Samson, and David, and Solomon, and Mare Antony-you know what lo\ e did to them " Kate refused lum a year ago, in England-I found it out by accident, not fi oin her, of course, and yet heie he is It is the old story of the moth and the candle, and sometimes I laugh, and some- times I am soiry foi bun He has fifteen thousand a yeal, too, and the Ciaigs are great people in Scot- land, I heal Didn't I al» ays try to impress it on your noddle that it was bettei to bo bom handsome than nch? I am not woi th fifteen hundred shil- lings a yeai, and m June (D V ), beautiful Kate Delaplame is to be my# nife Recant youi heresy, and believe for the futme ^ "Angel No 2-I told you there weie moro than one-has hazel eyes, pink cheeks, auburn curls, and the deare=t little way She is not beautiful-she is uot stately-she does not play and sing the soul out of your body, and yet and yet- Lauderdale, you always told me my peerless fiancee was a thous- and times too good foi nie I nevei believed you befoie I do believe you now. She soais be- yond my reach sometimes I don't pretend to undeistand hei, and-tell it not m Gath-I stand a little in awe of her I never was on speaking terms with Her Most Gracious Majesty, whom Heaven long pieserve, but if I were, I fancy I should feel as I do sometimes talking to Kate She is peifection, and I am- well, I am not, and she is \ ery fond of me Would she break her heart, do you think, if she does not become Mis S ' June is the time, but there is many a slip I know what youi answei will be-'She will bleak her heart if she does *' It is a bad business, old boy, but it is Fate, oi we will say so-and hazel eyes and auburn curls are very, a ery tempting ' " You used to think a good deal of Captain Delà plaine, if I recollect right By the way how old is the Captain ? I ask, because there is a housekeeper here, who is a distant cousin, one of the family very quiet, sensible, ladylike, and six and twenty, who may be Mrs Captain Delaplame one day Mind, 1\ don't say foi certain, but I hat e my sus- picions ^ He couldn't do bottei Grace-that's her name-has a brother here a doctoi-a very fine fellow, and so 'cute I catch him looking at me sometimes in a very peculiar manner, which I think I understand "You don't expect nie befoie June do you p Noveltholess, don't faint if I return to our'right little tight little' îfeland before that Meantime write and let me know how the woild nrags with you, and only I know it is out of your line, I should ask you to off« up a praypi for youi unfoitunate friend Reginald Stanford " CHAPTER XXXI. ROSE MAKES A DISCOVERY.' Rose Delaplaine stood leaning against the tall, old fashioned chimney-piece in her bedroom staring at the fire with a sulky face. Those who fell in love with pretty Rose should have seen her then if they wanted to be disenchanted. Rose had been indulging for the past three hours in that womanly luxury "a splendid cry," and Rose's nose was swelled, and Rose's hazel eyes were as red as a ferret's. " How could he do it ! How could he do it !" Rose had sobbed in confidence to her pillow. *' Oh ! how could he treat me so !" Rose's pillow, had no consolation to offer in the face of plain facts ; and she had cried on, as girls will, until she could cry no more. \ Rose was angry, and mortified, and jealous ; and, underlying all as deeply and hopelessly in lovo with her sister's lover as ever. She thought of the pleasant-ah far too pleasant !-weeks that were gone, until she went half wild ¡ she thought of the future in a sort of frantic desperation. Every day was bringing June nearer ; and in that fatal month he would marry Kato-happy Kate ! and go to England, and Bhe should never see him more. Rose clutched the pillow in a frenzy, and flung it across the room. How should she live when he was gone ¡ how should she drag out life without him ! " Oh ! I wish-I wish I had never been bora !" sobbed Rose, convulsively, echoing unconsciously the cry of the " Broken Hearted Milkman" in the song. " I thought he loved me, and ho dosen't. Ho loves Kate ; any ore can see that ; and I wish I w«re dead-I do !" Having cried herself out, the hysterical mood passed away, and gave place to one of unmitigated sulkiness. Rose got up, stood looking gloomly int- the fire, ard wondering how Mr. Reginald Stanford would feel, if, on his wedding-day, they should find her | (Rose) robed in white, floating in the fish-pond, drowned ! The fish-pond was largo enough ; and Rose moodily recollected reading somewhere that " When lovely woman Btoops to folly, v And linds tin late that men betray,', ' « The only a»t her guilt to cover, \, To hide her shame trom every eye, To give repentance to her lover, And wring his bosom, is-to die I" The clock down stairs struck eleven. Rose could hear them dispersing to their chambers. She could hear-and she held her bieath to listen-Mr. Stan- ford going past her door, whistling a tune of Kate's. Of Kate's, of comse ! No danger of his whistling one of here ! He was happy and could whistle, and she was miserable and couldn't. If bIio had not wept herself as dry as a wrung sponge, she must have relapsed in hysterics once moro ¡ but as she couldn't, with a long-drawn sigh, she resolved to go to bed. So to bed Rose went, but not to sleep. She tossed from side to side, feverish and impatient ; and the more she tried to sleep, the more she couldn't. It was quite a new experience for Rose, not UBcd to " tears at night instead of slumber." The wintry moonlight was shining brightly in her room through the parted curtains, and that helped her wonderfully, perhaps. As the clock struck the midnight hour, she sprang up in desperation, drew a blanket round her, and, in her night-dress, sat dowr^by the window/to contemplate the heavenly bodies. Hark ! what noise was that ? TJie house was as still as a vault ; all had retired, and ?Were probably asleep. In the dead stillness Rose hgard a door open-the green-baizc door \vhich had been put up in the corridor loading to Harry's room. Rose's chamber was very near the green door ; there could be no mistaking the sound. Once again she held her breath to listen. In the profound hush a man's footsteps echoed along the uncarpeted corridor, and passed her door. Was it Ogden on his way up stairs ? No, the footsteps paused at the next door-Kate's room ; and there was a light rap. Rose, aflame with curiosity, tiptoed to her own door, and applied her ear to the keyhole. Kate's door opened ; there was a whispered colloquy ; the listener could not catch the words ; but the voice that spoke to Kate was not the voice of Ogden. Five minutes-ten-then tho door shut, the man's footsteps went by her door again, and down stairs. Who was it ? Not Ogden, not her father. Could it be-could it be Mr. Richards himself, the interesting and mysterious invalid ? Rose clasped her hands and stood bewildered. Her own troubles had so occupied her mind of late that she had almost forgotten Mr. Richards ; but now her curiosity about the mystery returned in full force. " If he has gone out," thought Rose, " what is to hinder me from seeing his rooms ? I would give the world to seo them !" She stood for a moment irresolute. But Rose had come of a daring race, and the bold Dolaplaine blood bounded in her veins. Impulsively, she seized a long, dark dressing-gown that trailed on floor, covered her bright head with a shawl, opened the door noiselessly, and peeped out. All still and deserted. The night-lamp burned dimly at the other end of the long, chilly gallery, but threw no light where she stood. The ghastly moonlight shone silvery through* the oriel window at the extremity, and lay in patches on the carpetless, shining, oaken floor. The green-baize door stood temptingly half open ; no creature was to be seen- no sound was to be lieard. Rose's heart throbbed fast ; the mysterious stillness of the night, the ghostly shimmer of the moonlight, the mystery and romance of her adven- ture, set every pulse tingling, but she did not hesitate. Her slippered feot crossed the hall lightly ; she was beside the green-baize door. Then there was another pause-a moment's breathless listening; but the dead stillness of midnight was unbroken. Softly she opened wider the door, and peeped in. The hall was deserted and dark, but light shone in the room beyond. Again she hesitated, but curio- sity proved stronger than fear. She tiptoed down the short corridor, and looked into the room. The study was quite deserted ; a lamp burning on a table strewn with books, papers, and writing materials. Rose glanced wonderingly around at the book-lined walls. Mr. Richards could pleasantly pass the dull hours if those were all novels, she thought. Everything was orderly and elegant ; no evi- dences of its occupier being an invalid were to be seen. One rapid, comprehensive glance was all the girl waited to take ; then she turned to hurry back to her own room, and found herself face to face with 'Ogden. The valet stood in the doorway, looking at her, his countenance wearing its habitual calm and respectful expression. But Rose recoiled, and turned as white as though she had seen a ghost. " It is very late Miss Rose," said Ogden, calmly. " I think you had better not stay here any longer." I Rose clasped her hands supplicatingly. " Oh, Ogden ! don't tell papa ! Pray, don't tell papa !" " I am very sorry, Miss Rose, but it would be as much as my place is worth. I must !" He stood aside to let her pass. Rose, with all her flightiness, was too proud to plead with a servant, and walked out in Bilence. Not an instant too soon. As she opened her chamber, door some one came upstairs-some one who was tall and slight, and muffled in a long cloak. . He passed through the green-baize door before she had time to see his face, closed it after him, and was gone. Rose locked the door, afraid of she knew not what, and sat down on the bedside to think. Who was this Mr. Richards, who passed for an invalid, and who was po invalid ? Why was he shut up here where no cW could see him, and why was all this mystery ? Rose 'thought oí " Jane i Eyre" ahd Mr. Rochester's wife ; but Mr. Richards could not be mad, or they never would trust him out alone at night. What, too, would her father say to her to-morroiv ? Rose quailed a little at the thought. She had never seen her indulgent father out of temper in her life. He took the most dis- agreeable coutrcfenips with the imperturbable good humour j but how would he take this ? (To le continued.) 