MT FIRST SITTER. X had emerged from the Slade School alter several years of art study, which chiefly consisted of drawings and painting the mule human form in every conceivable position. Italian models bad grown positively loathsome to me j I waB tired i f their dark brown skins, black bair and eyes ; I knew their bones and muscles by heart. A fine skeleton stood in my small studio at home ; I had drawn it in pen and iuk over and over again ; even in my dreams I was pursued by visions of bones and muscles, and when I talked to friends I would mentally strip them of their flesh and their skeletons -such was the result of ttwjwre per- drix or toujours anatomy I The monot- ony of my studies extinguished my ardour for an art which seemed made of men and muscles. So one day I made up my mind to go and worship at the shrine of the old masters in the National Gallery, to see if those high priests conld in- spire and rekindle in me the sacred fire that was dying out. I wandered through the temple of art, filled with awe and wonder at the magnificent works which surrounded me. Tes.; I would try to copy one of these chefs' d'ouvre, whichever of them just then most struck my fancy. I found it dif- ficult to decide; but at mst Iüxed on the portrait' pf Andrea del Sarto, painted by himself ; the melancholy, handsome face with the sad eyes fascinated me. Of all this splendid collection it was the portrait which attracted me most. I recalled Browning's lines: I often am much wearier than you think, This evening more than usual, I, painting from myself and to myself, Know what I do, am unmoved by men's blaine, Or their praise either. I took the measure of the canvas, and that day week (the National Gal lory is only open to copyists twice a week, Thursdays and Fridays) set tc work with a fine determination tc render full justice to the splendid original. While drawing it in i thought over his ead domestic life ; bis worship of a wife so utterly un- worthy of him in. every way, one wht through her love of money ended bj bringing disgrace on bis name. Nt wonder his eyes should be so sad anc bis beautiful mouth tremulous witt repressed feelings. I began to paint. Now came th« tug of war ; the eyeB I produced wen like two blazing little black beads the nostriie, instead of expressing sen- sitiveness, seemed as though they in baled a smell which hot even the per fumes of Arabia could sweeten, was inwardly execrating thediflkuitie I had brought upon myself, when . became conscious of a presence be hind me. I was too engrossed in ni; . work to take particular notice ; bu tbs presence drew nearer, and througl the corners of my eyes I Baw a clums; pair of muddy boots evidently belong mg to the masculine gender. Th wearer of the boots coughed ; it wa not a big cough, but a series of littl husky sounds that irritated me. '. longed for him to. choke and expire 01 the spot; if he were to remain niue longer, I felt I must certainly infiie some stain of paint on his person. * Admirable, beautiful!' exclaima a voice with a Scotch intonation. I turned round, my face flushing Was this individual making fun a my efforts or was he in earnest? 1 the latter, then he must in art mattel be an ignoramus. I beheld a stout, elderly man» wit: a red, jovial countenance; a large vet xniiion nose with a couple of buds t noses springing from the main eton "looking as if later on they might' di vetop into other full-blown noses ; bi small blue eyes twinkling pleasantly bis whiskers were «ray, long, an bushy, the old Piccadilly weeper. H was attired in a tweed, beathei coloured ault, and be looked like Scotch tourist out on a holiday. «Excuse mèfor interrupting you, be éxoleime^£>? bis hat an displaying I jb»|d^éM Mb a Iring of gray bair that stood erect j * but cannot refrain from expressing tn phiz painted for my only relative, a I sister who lives in America.' i I was taken so aback by the sudden« ness ot' this request that I could scarcely answer; 1 had never before received a commission. *I have never painted a portrait,' I muttered, leaning on my mabl-stick, palette and brushes in band, 4 but I have been studying art for several years.* ' Weil, will you make a beginning i with me ?' Saying ibis he planted himself well in iront of me, so that I had a thoroughly good view of him. There could not be a more striking contrast to the beautiful, refined, melancholy Andrea del Sarto, than that presented by this elderly, highly colored old Scot--his heather trousers bagged at the knees ; a thick gold chain reposed on his well- developed gastronomic region. * What sized portrait would you like? Head and shoulders, or one with the bands included ?' 'Down as far as the knees/ he answered, stroking hts trousers; 'while I am about it, I may as well go in for a big picture. Now business is busi- ness ; may I ask what your terms are for a portrait? I wish I was younger and better looking, but that is no fault of mine;' he said this with a genial smile which improved his plain countenance. * My terms for a portrait ! Allow me to consider/ * Yes, take your time. 1 have been looking round the gallery, and I really don't much like the old masters, they are so dark. Now just look at this old woman by Seinbrandt. I am sure you paint better than that. Your work is nice and smooth and shiny, tim thick and doll.' ' I paint better than Rembrandt !' 'Yes; I consider him a duffer.* ' But he is one of the very greatest of painters. I admire bim immensely, and only wish I could even produce anything that might remind anyone of his work. He is the greatest master of chiaroscuro ! *' 'What does that mean? But n< matter, I don't admire him, and, ii you wish to please me, don't paint mi portrait with lumps of paint. How, turning round and looking at mi steadily, * you have no lumps in you face, you are quite smooth.' *And not shiny, 1 hope',' I snit smiling merrily, tor I saw it was nt use arguiug art questions with th jovial Philistine. 'My picture must be smooth, shiny with a clean white shirt, and all m; ornaments neatly painted ; my cora studs, and,' taking off a bright ye Hoi kid glove, 'this ring; it is a cai buncle with associations, and I want i painted- in fact, represent me just a I am, so tbat ali my friends ma know me." ' If you wish the hands included, j will be sixty guineas-' I said thi with aplomb while feeiiug like tradesman. * Very well. I am willing to gi« that sum for a good likeness. Whe Bhali I come to sit? The sooner th better ; I am a bird of passage, an I am in London only for a shoi time.' He fumbled in his pocket an handed me his card : los. DONALD CAMEBON, The Bora, Dumfries, 'lama farmer, with a good deal < land north of the Tweed. Now, mi I ask your name and address ? " As I had no card with me, I wro ia his pocket book : Mies WABD, 24, Thistle drove, South Kensington, S.W. ' Gan you come to-morrow at ll ? * All right, in my Sunday best.' Saying thu, we shook hands, at be waddled briskly out of the room. I looked sadly at Andrea del Sarto portrait, and it seemed to sympathi with me. I put up my easel ai canvas. My eyes and brain were i filled with the image of Mr. Osmer* that his red hose haunted me. I lived with my brother, thy on relative, for I had lost my parents an early ago. Jack was a clerk in t? Foreign Office. He considered hit self a great swell, and did not at i courage in both roy hands, and related my adventure in the National Gallery. Jack wore an eye glass, and this bit of glass was capable of intense ex- pression. When he was annoyed it seemed to grow rounder.; when he was supercilious the glass became im» pertinent. When I had finished, my heart sank into my boots, for Jack's eye-glass seemed enormous, making him look like a Cyclops, his one huge eye glar- ing at me. tie shook his long narrow head. When annoyed his voice was even more drawling and nasal that usual ; this time it was fearfully drawling. He puffed out a long whiff of blue smoke from his Havana. - ' 'Well, I declare, Ursula, I had begun to flatter myself that I knew the length and breadth of your eccen- tricities ; but this last performance beats everything. I have always sus- pected that there is insanity iu our families; now I am certain of it. That you, who belong to a respectable family-our father was a post-captain iu the Boyal Navy-should consent to paint a portrait of a Scotch farmer whom you casually meet prowlingabout the National Gallery, without any sort of introduction ! It looks like lunacy/ '1 want money, Jack ; that is the long and short of it. I don't deny that I have enough to eat and drink, but I have other requirements ; and to tell you the truth, I have ambition, and don't share the opinion that woman is created merely to be the slave of the lords ot creation, to sew buttons on their illustrious shirts and mend their many socks/ * Jack's eye glasB became impudent. ' GrapeB are sour iu your «ase. But I forgot your poor curate, your patient admirer. Perhaps you consider him a sheep and not a man. How will ht like your joining the noble army ol spinsters who cry out against my sex? * You may sneer at me, but not ai Harold,' I exclaimed, with flashing eyes and flushed cheeks.^ - 'Don't excite yourself; lam nol sneering at your curate ; and tuougl he bleats and bas a perpetual cold ii his head, he is a most worthy soul but I don't think he would appréciât this last action of-yours-painting th portrait of an elderly fogey whom yoi don't know ; he may be a ticket-of leave man. Please see that the sitve spoons are locked np, and that tber are no good umbrellas ia the hall He unfolded his batiste handkercbie which emitted a perfume of 'jocke; club,' and, to my relief, went upstair to bis room with a novel Next morning at ll o'clock punetv ally there was a loud rat a-tat at tb door. I peeped from behind the eui tain in my room and beheld Mi Cameron in a very black, new suit c clothes standing on the steps. Whii waiting tor the door to be opened, fa had taken out a pocket comb to trii his long whiskers. The housemai came and handed me his card ; h< face was puckered up, trying to n strain a smile. I had told her I wi going to have my first sitter. ' Well, ¿liss, excúse me, but he no beauty. How can he want to hat bis picture dona with such a red »ose It do astonish mel' I tried not to laugh, and putting « a high art peacock blue apron, en bruidered with yellow lilies, went doss to meet my sitter. He had ' bet ushered into my sanctum sanbtorui consecrated to my art studies. It was nice room, with a north light. The] were several good plaster casts fro the antique ; autotypes from some the beBt masters hung on the wa There were a couple of èasels, au et chair ready for my sitter, "and in corner stood my skeleton. In welcoming Mr. Cameron, n skirt caught the foot of the skeieto which rattled ominously*. * What a horrible thing, Mi Ward'? Bow can you keep such terrible bag of bones ia your roon: It makes my flesh creep! assure yoi 4 Have we uot ali a skeleton4a * cupboard?' I answered*emiliuggaii * I keep mine hera. Xt'is useful wo X draw;* .it up in my arms I carried it into the next room. '*" Thank you, but rather than that rou should think me troublesome, Ï shall give you a good reason, A few years ago, I lost my wife and then two bairnies.' His voice shook as he said this. ' Anything that reminds me roach of death is painful, and as you are going to paint my picture, I had better not have a miserable exprès j sion.' ' I placed Mr. Cameron in half shadow. It was some time before I j decided on the attitude. At last I j settled upon a three-quarters, with bis hands resting on his knees, j When I had drawn bim in charcoal j he came to look at it, and gave a grunt not expressive of admiration. * It is very black, and looks stiff, but you know best. Excuse my bluntness.* It is a mistake to allow a sitter to peep before the picture is nearly finish- ed. You cannot tell the transform- ation it will go through. He was astonished at my palette, and the rapid way I laid my tints. He had never come in contact with painters or anyone who understood art. I think the peep he had taken disconcerted him, and he did sot ask to look again. When I attacked the nose I was puzzled. Ought I to copy it faithfully, buds and all? I was inclined to idealise, so toned down the vermilion tints. After I had four sittings the. portrait had made considerable progress, and on the fourth day I had invited him to lunch. He was very confidential, told me about his home in the north, and his loneliness since the loss of bit wife and bairnies. He had married late in life, and was quite alone now * Ah, lassie !' he exclaimed, * I am t very solitary man now, with no one tc care realty for me ; bat I feel that thi spirits of my lost ones hover constant ly around me. Still I have my faro I labourers and their families, and tak< j an interest in their welfare. I haw j built a club for the men and a achoo j for their children on my estate.* j While he talked I watched his face J and noticed the extreme benevolenc of thé expression. That day, seeing th j piano opened, he asked me as a grea j favour to play for him. ' I shall sing ' Highland Mary ' fe j you.' j He sat behind mej but as there wc j a looking-glass in front of me I coul j see his face, and was surprised at tl I strong emotion it betrayed ; his fat j grew aluiost white, while tears Btooä i j in his blue eyes. j The golden boors on angels' winga j Flew o'er me and my dearie ; j Por dear to me as ute and light j Waa my sweet Highland Mary. 'Ah, lassie!' he exclaimed, *win j a treat to hear you sing I \$im+Jbáú j thé voice of an angel.'.: . ,. j -r I sang 'Ye banks au^ braes j Bonnie Boon,' . The handkerchief was in consta i requisitioner! heardhim sob out lou j * You have moved me, lassie, to tl core ¡ I cannot stand any . capre ; j brings back too btrongly the days auld laug syne j so you must pity t j sorrows of a poor old roan.* He left me, looking greatly agita** j 51 nd with red eyes, promising toretu I in a couple of dava, at the same hot ior a three-hours sitting. Tbe / olnjhi and trouble I had »ii jJ^-^rtimt cannot be describe j^o^^days^it wasîeex^^^^^ not .vu^^njmH^p^^MwBi of the mWrhWiifiP «roüght to bri out his inner character. *I never saw so painstaking lassie,* he remarked one, day.,'* y are so absorbed, so much, ia earns you surely must succeed.' * I hope and want to do, so» Ä Cameron, but you are a difficult si jept ; it is the expression which I ¡6 diflicult torén&er.; ¿I^JIOKÍ^P trait os passing through a variety stages truly appalling/ was ?; departing .iny,.;^t^w\$m»:.: He went into my studio and gave vent to a loud gsffsw, * Well, Ursula, yon have succeeded: thia is hideously, brutally like the old cove. It would do for a sign post for a country ino, a drunken.Sileous, or j mine host with a tankard of beer and i a long clay pipe ; but it is vulgar/ , »Do you think so F I exclaimed, ! very despondent : ' is it a failure. Jack?' * No, it ia too like,' and he laughed again ; ' but there is such a thing as being too true; you have softened nothing. Now that nose is an exact rendering of the original, pimples andi colour ' That night I was in despair. I took the portrait to my bedroom, placed it on the easel facing my bed, hoping that on awaking next morn- ing alter a refreshing sleep I should see what was wrong and where I could flatter and tone down defects. I had . a nightmare that night ; the portrait seemed that of au ogre with at least half-a dozen swollen, vermilion noses, I had a dim sensation of getting out of my bed, lighting a candle, fetching my palette and brushes, and ; in my nocturnal garments and asleep, painting on the picture. ' Next morning the housemaid carno ' I into tbe bouse with the hot water. I * Oh, Miss!' she exclaimed, 'what has happened to the picture? It is all sorts of colours, chiefly blue and yellow, and it looks like a corpse. ! Oh, it is dreadful ! ' i I sat up, what did I see? The portrait indeed looked like a deoom I posed corpse. ? , ¡ ' I muBt have worked at it in my : sleep, Susan; you see my palette is : full of colour, and my brushes haye j paint on them. It is too, too vexatious ! -what shall I do? Get me the tur- pentine which is in my studio/ . v When I got the turpentine Í managed to efface the nocturnal som» nambulistic work j but the fates were against me, and I wept bitterly. Was this picture going to be a failure ? When Mr. Cameron came for Jua sitting he noticed my dejected appear- ance, and asked me if anything had happened to annoy me. * I have a headache/ (What would we poor women do without our head- aches ? for they corer such a multitude of sins and omissions). * You worry yourself too much o?er this portrait; £ feel ashamed of the trouble lam giving you. I bad)a» notion that portrait painting was so difficult.' * Yes, I an> in a ' Slough of De» epond/ t scraped and scumbled* After an hour's work the old ghost pe» appeared, and -, strange to say,, leaked./ better than it ever did beforfe-^hew was a pleasant surface..io-.wojSk;pn>i;:i Mr^ipameron w|^|nor#^eatJthaot Usual, ¡^i^'^00^p^^¡m Mfa great ^^únást^^:^«> ^isVjuuu^j&r; « ïou* :'$$m r:â^^MmwpM^8 . I Shall :b>i0#J^te|ä#W^' : over, ß^^^9^Sfmf^^ß^> i too mu^^n^||||^@': ':? % * You 'Éí^^0^9^^0é^ Mr. ? .Ga^epbá$^^ «oing *0; give ¿J|OU;'sit" ièw. 4àay«?-: houdsyí itt* ord&r; i|o)ààdl«jw' your portrait to dry thoroughly/ On leaving that day Mr. Cameron held my hand longer than usual, aud sighed. Poor old mau, I felt really sorry foi* bim. He waa lonely. [ The next day being Thursday, X. ! went to $he National Gallery, and «et to work on my Andrea del Sarto, His face seemed more beautiful .than ever. That day's work refreshed anti comforted me. That evening X ? received * letter fron\ Harold,' telling me he had^onle^ thing lmporiMnt t«»iBay to tue. Some important 1 Moat probably he was going to have « iiting, and if *o Our marriage would soon take place; - > > The next morning a wagniftoent bouquet of «oses waípleft a^théidoor for Mù* W*rd, * From* Mr. Donald Cameron, with his very Kindest regards',* Oh, so it was not from Harold! Bot how kind of Mr. Cameron i Now I most really flatter, him. Taking np the portrait, X did my very best to put in a benevolent expression. I mel-1 lowed down the nose and toned down the warm eolouring of the face, and managed, in a- measure, to give the expression of benevolence. The black coat looked, too new to be artistic, the shirt-front bulged out like a - fat pigeon's breast, and the coral studs j were too ^prominent ; the hands were not well painted, but the carbuncle ring was a triumph of skill. When Mr. Cameron appeared again, I fancied he looked thinner and paler. I thanked him for the bouquet. * Ah, lassie, no more thanks ; it has ] been a real happiness; I wish you would accept flowers from me every morning. I long to do sOmethiug that might give you pleasure. I really don't know what X am to do when thin portrait is over/ ' You astonish me, Mr. Cameron, in regretting the sittings are over ; most j people consider sitting for a portrait such a bore.' ' Ah, no; not to a charming, young gifted creature like you. You must remember I am a lonely old man, and seldom find my way imo the society of young ladies.' » Would you like another peep at your portrait?' I »aid rather brus- quely, for 1 wished to put an end to the personal, turn the conversation had taken. - «You have flattered me,' he re marked, after looking at my perfor- mance for.a few seconds in silence; ' but never mind that. ~ I like to think that you have seen me in such kindly light.' \- 'Shall I sing for you, Mr, Cameron? You have sat long enough for me to- day.' I went to the piano, and while í ¡ was looking for some music in the rack Mr. Cameron sat down on the music stool. * Are you going to play for me?'I j asked, smiling at him. * X should like to hear yoi! so much.' He did not answer, but turned round and round on the stool, mop- ping the perspiration from his face with a scarlet handkerchief. There ; was a queer expression in his face ; evidently he was suffering from a a severe attack of nervousness. He whirled round abd round like a teetotum; the stool croaked and groaned under bis heavy weight ; his üjyes were wild and rolled about fear . fully. I heard his voice, bût it was so husky X could barely distinguish the following words : ' *'ï afn a lonely, elderly man, but that( is^ap -reason why I should not: havè-a heart and i must tell you, that,''^now the stool gave a tremen- j doüB fsqueak) *I love you-~yes X do. Will you give me eenie hope ? ' A loud Smock at the front door/ ' " Oh/ Mr. Cameron, please don't say binding more oh ibis, subject; it ú;*0Xym¡o painful f but before I could say another word Mr. Cameron was sprawling on the floor ; the stool ! had. given; fway. Harold walked in j atedv we were locked in each other'e ' arms,but X disengaged myself quickly, i 'Oh, Mr. Cameron, I adi - so sorry ! Are. you, burt P, He has been sitting Ipr Jbis portrait. Harold,' X gasped put. '. Harold, who was a very shy young I man, coloured up ; he had not notioed îbe prostrate form ahnoat lying at hts feet. -' 1 ; 3- 'Ob, allow me to help you; the «tool bas given way, X 'see,' exclaimed Harold. ; ? could bot look at Mr. Cameron, ¿<tfS*féÚhdw wretchedly ill at ease $e must be. M am a little faint,' he muttered, getting up, ' but the freBh sir will -set rtj»é.j«xjp. I am going-where is my 4 jî saw the hat ,- he bad put it op the vmàm^ttk ^JBrl^eutly be did mot kop* Mbatlie*w»4oing. j . -,¡ ^9^hÍUít.^mtbút Í&^ go yet,' X «aid i 'youhave hada ehâké. This rescued bis bat from tbe coal-scuttle. ' Now, Mr. Cameron, here is yow hat, but I won't gire it to TOO till you tel! me when you will kindly come foi one more sitting, for I have not done justice to your expression. He has been such a patient sitter," I remark- ed, speaking to Harold. ' Are we net friends. Mr. Cameron? ' 'God bless you both. I wish you every happiness,' and before I knew what he was about be had pulled his hat from my hand, and was on the doorstep. I never told Harold, or, indeed any- one, that Mr. Cameron had proposed to me ; 1 felt grieved and uneasy. Had I been guilty of flirting and mis- leading in any way tbat kindly man who was so lonely ? 1 sincerely hoped he would get some suitable, nice woman to be his wife, for I was almost young enbugh to be his grand- daughter. A few days after this last episode, I received the following note from Mr. Cameron : Dear Miss Warà,-I find that I must leave London immediately. There is no necessity 1 for me to give yon another sitting, as I am I perfectly satisfied with the portrait you have painted of me. I have ordered a Venetian j frame and plate glass for it ; the framer will call in a couple of days. .. Please aooept the enclosed cheqae for .£100. I don't think £60 could possibly re pay yon for the trouble and anxiety you have had ; and as yon are going to be married, a little money is always useful, If you should have time to spare, I should mach like you to aooept another commission from me, i.e., a duplicate of the picture yon were copying at the National Gallery when I first met yon ; I should like to have it for my drawing-room j in Scotland. With my best wishOB for yonr j welfare, .Tours, sincerely, DONALD CAMERON. «.Ill O_1 - I sent the copy of Andrea del sarto to Mr. Cameron. Three months later I was married to Harold, and we went to live in a pretty village in Devon- shire. The money I'earned from Mr. Cameran was certainly a help; but it is ever with a mixture of plea- sure and pain I think of my first sitter 1 Never since have I been asked to paint a portrait profession ally. -Belgravia. 