BENBONUNA : A TALE OF THIRTY" YEARS A.10. [BY ROBERT BBUCE.] CHAPTER VIIL TAKISG THE ODD TRIOIC. When Frank quitted Mr. Aahby's room he expected to Bee and speak to Miss Ashby again, bnt Hawley chose the shortest way— tiie back way—and he had to content himself with a view of Mrs. Schlinke and old Mrs. B'.owbard, who both grinned graciously in answer to his friendly " Good moraine;." How hot it was! He might Have fancied himself in a furnace, the hot wind seemiiw almost to take his breath away ; it parched his throat and nostrils to the condition oi hot- air fluee. whilst the Bun scorched anv ex posed ckin like the focusaed rays of a Darning glaes, till a copious perspiration—the result of a few yards' walk—came to his re'.ief. Mot a veBtige of a cloud was to be seen, and the little plain slowed with an intensity of light that was painful in the extreme. Eat neither heat nor light appeared to inconvenience Hawley as he mirched across to the horse-yard, followed by Frank, who was actually thirsty before they reached it. One thing was aoon apparent, and that was that Peter had come in with the other horses; for there was the pack showing np above their_ backs, and Frank indulged a hope that his o«a horse might have joined the mob—a hope which p. oloser inspection dispelled. There, however, was Peter, but minus hia bridle, whioh he had rubbed off daring the night; the pack certainly retained its position, but the rugs strapped to it were torn in divers places from contact with sharp-pointed sticks and covered with dust and broken herbage accumulated during several desperate attempts made by Peter to enjoy a comfortable roll. As to the cantecn and quart pots hung at the sides of the pack, they had been flattened during these attempts into the most convenient shape for packing in cracks. " There's a pretty mess ain't it?'' asked Hawley in a moat aggrieved tone of voice. " Yes it is a bit oi a mess certainly." replied Frank, " but I will pay for any damage done.' 1 " l'ay for any damage done! If you piy for all the damage you are likely to do you'll soon be thort of cash,'"' sneered Hawley in bis most aggravating manner. " Well, 1 suppose that will not concern yon," said Frank quietly. " Not concern me ! I have to keep the station in gear, and when anything IB smashed up by useless fellows like you, there is no shop open next door to rnn to for reoairs." " When I do anything wrong it will be your place to tell me of it in a proper manner. I'd advise you to remember the latter fact," replied Heslop, subduing his indignation by a great effort, but with fire kindling in his eye ; for it was only his determination to stay on the station for the sake of Miss Ashby and her father that prevented him from attempting to give a practical check to Hawley's lm pertinence. " If you make such a mess as that, you can't expect a man to choose his language; before yon have "been in the bush long you will find cmt your mistake," said Hawiey, arrogantly. " You have said quite enough, Mr. Hawley; and now if you will show me what horse to take and find a saddle and bridle for me, I shall be obliged," returned Frank with quiet dignity. Hawley got through the rails into the yard, and before replying looked through the horses critically, as if to determine which would best suit the occasion. Then singling out a great strapping bay horse, with jet b'ick points and a large star in the forehead, be said, "Yon can take the 'Old Trick' tiiere—he will just suit yon," he added, with one of those crow-like glanoes peculiar to him, and portending malicious mischief to the person regarded. " Thanks," said Frank, shortly, " and how about the saddle and bridle V " We'll get something at the hut, and as I expect you'll want your rug, I'll bring Peter along and take off the pack," saying which Hawley took out his pocket handkerchief, tied it ronnd Peter's neck, and led the packhorse towards Bachelor's Hall, where stood Moses, with hiB hands and mouth full of provender, which circumstance did not, however, prevent him saying— " Me no 6ee 'em Peter's bridle." " So I see," said Hawley, as he fastened Peter to the horse-rail by the rope fixed there for the purpose. " No see 'em 'nother one ?" enquired Hawley, as he removed the damaged articles from the pack. "No, me see'em nother one. Him no come BR 'long Peter, him walk away, I think." WQf course he has," acquiesced the overseer. Then to Heslop, " Here are your traps, you had better put tbem inside." " Shore an* I'll take 'em, Misther Heslop," said Mick, coming np and gathering the articles from the ground, where Hawley had carelessly tossed them. " They'll need a bit ov a clanin', an' I'll do 'em whin I'm doin' Mr. Hawley's," he concluded as he deposited the kit in the verandah, and received a scowl from the overseer in acknowledgment, who enquired of Moses if he knew where " Jackey's" saddle and bridle were. " Him no eoode that e one! What for yon want em ?" asked Moses with a comical gria. A M Oh! they're good enough !—where are they ?" said Hawley going back to plain English and speaking sharply. " Him long a 'tore. Him all about broken. What for you want 'em ?'" asked Moses peraeveringly. " Want 'em for whitefellow. He's going to ride the Odd Trick,*' answered the overseer, as he departed to the rude store at the back of the hut, to get "Jackey's" saddle and bridle. " You can't ridem Odd Trick," cried MoseB with an incredulous laugh to Frank. " Why can't I, Moses V "Him too much buck all about. Him plenty kill.'em you. Me can't ride that a one," replied Moses laying particular emphasis on " me," fully conveying his own idea, that if he could not ride the Odd Trick, Frank had not the ghost of a show to sit him. " This is pleasant," said Heslop laughing as he looked after 0ayle7. " As he could not lose me, it seems'as if he wanted to shafib me out of the way through the agency of the Odd Trick." "Deed, an' it do, sorr," affirmed Mick seriously. "Can you ride at all, Misther Heslop ?" "I have ridden ever since I was a boy, and in England was considered a pretty fair horseman. But iB this horse as bad as Moaes makes him out to be ?" " Deed an' he is, sorr. A rale onld warregal ; an' I'd see Mr. Hawley's nick as long as an amew's before I'd crass him. Jast ask himself to get on him firsht—to show he's quiet," said Mick savagely. " Yes," chimed in Moses with a chuckle. " Yon plenty tellem that. Ah! ah ! ah 1 Very goode like a that!' Mick began energetically to dust the rugs just then, for Hawley, canying the tattered remains of a saddle, was aoproachin^. " Yoa will have to make this do,'' he said "blandly, as with a self-satisfied air he hun* " Jackey V saddle on the horse rail. " It's a bit knocked about, tut it is all right." So it might be, as a curious relic of the past; but for present servicc —well, the gullet plate was broken, there was a rent in the leather rhht across the seat; one flap, wrinkled and warped by heat and disuse, hung helplessly by a large tack, driven in jast above the site of a missing knee pad; the stuffing protruded in sundry places from the pads, like the hair of a street Arab from his crownless hat; the girth straps were either entirely misBing or were broken off to various lengths; and tke single, striped-web girth was frayed almost half across, a few inches below the buckle. In fact, this was the contrivance On which Moses's aboriginal predecessor had bunted up the station horseB, till, disgusted at not getting a better one, he had decamped in the night, and had since fought Bhy of Benbouuna. Though justly distasted Frank could oot help examining the dust-begrimed ruin with amused cariosity. After a short inspection he said, " Unless I get a quiet horse I certainly shall not trust my life to that thiDg." "Ob, tbe Odd Trick isquietenough, though perhaps you're afraid to ride a strange horse. You can easily patch np the saddle a bi though ; and at any rate I shall expect vou to find the horse," said Hawley, who now. bridle in hand, directed Moses to get his bridle and lollow to the yard. "The murtherin' blo&/ard, : ' mutfored Mick, between his teeth, whilst Heslop did not condescend to give any reply but looked after his enemy with an expression of mingled contempt and dislike. Mick was the first to break the silence with "Is ye determined to ride that ould vi"wit, sorr?" " I shall certainly try to," replied Frank, resolutely, "Thin I'll lind ye a saddle and thraps ye kin depind on. I've only just thought on em !" "Can you though, Mick?'' Well, you are a good fellow," cried Heslop, gratefully. " Shure an' I kin, so jist be afther comin' into the kitchen and have a dhrink of tay, while I musther up ' Buckin' Bill's' thraos as he lift wid me to tape fur him, list any one Blind n8e 'em," said Mick, naively. " Perhaps he would not like me to have them in that case." prietor. — . , , I'll be after puttin' ye np to a wrinkle o two, for 'tis meself knows every move ov the OddThrick." I To be continued.) 