THB GOLDJEN HOPE.; .- . . A' ROMANCE OR THE DEEP.' ' ( . i ' I droamt a Cream (hat w« not ali a drown,' ; uBi wl Ouabe RUsseel. CHAPTEB XVIII. (CONHNUED.) ' ,' THE SOHOOHEU PASSES TUB TANKEB. The wind freshened yot'after sundowu, and it was as black asthundar till about 0 o'olook, when the moon rose and put a sort of faint- tiesa into the atmosphere, . for light it oould liot.be called, pt which hour it woa blowing 'heavily and a wild sea running ; bnt, deter. .mined, to go ahead, Captain Weeks bad treble- reefed/ the mainasil, under which, along with close-reefed foresail and jib, the Gulden Qopn was - rdtofiing ' through it, her foreaaetle spanthered, and. tho water op to a man's waint in the lee ecuppore. It wae a dry gule, apito of the clouds, Whose velocity made the moon Took to spin, till you wonld have thought that the earth had eBaaped the power that controlled its revolutions, ood was twirling madly to God knows where. Id the rigging it wae one long ear-piercing yelling as of a thousand voices pitched from tho deepest- bass to the shrillest treblo the water broke in dense volumes of smoke over tho schooner,, arid if evor the moon darted a clearer ray, tb» wet decks gave bacls, a gleam- 09 of .ice to tho momentary flash, which glitted in tho oil skins of the watch crouching aft, and brought out the marble-like face of the helmsman swinging at "the tiller, and Stone, like a starnc, with his arm round A belaying, pin ;. hut tho greenish' streaming wna swifter than blinking the eye, the clouds swept over the luminary as from a factory chimney, and the crew turne'd black in the shadow, though a "been swayed about the flooded planks and the canvas, reeled dim in the darkness. Weeks was iribed'when For'teacuc through t he would Btep on deck and take a look aronnd. It waa miserable enough .below, certainly," The cabin waB. as vilo with movement aB a smack's in a North Sea gale.;. There was nothing td.be,had Jrom the caboose, and .for the tea'.and hot grog, Jofiony had to boil the knttl'e on the cabin siove. Indeed,' - ihe violence of theschoonesmotiQus would have alarmed the clergyfnau if it.hadn't been for Hiram's earnpst leaqBurpncqs ere he with- drs 'Why, Mr. Forteacue,' he had, said,, heartily, standing rip to put the glass he had. emptied into the rack, ' don't you knovy, what us sailor men are always, ainging whone.yer the ahance , i. given us?' und. hp roared put i,n his husky pipe:—' " ' " Old Btormy, ho fq dead in gone, , ' Storm along, oomo9 Slorgiv. ... ' I dughlsgrovOpIt wor.OHlghb fopt long, . Siorm along, hoys, Sanriny. " ', Away, away, awiy, storm along. :ilUtrab, my rolling i , arew,-. ..... - -i » - .-i - :. Bt.rm along, boys, Stormy -o... ' 'This here jumping-, thik here weather,' he continued, 'is-just what 1 could 'have asked for to let ye fully nnderstand what- a tight and tidy little craft old William'Stone recom mended yon to- buy, fit to sail round tbo'World in blow high or blow low ; safer than , a lirie- n'-hatt,le ship, -so etaunoh that if there's e'er'ri drop- of water in her it's either drained down through the mast-chats or through' a', coainin' that 'ud be better for shinsicg. Why, she's a perfect Mother Carey's chicken— an ocean sparrow, Btich aB the Biblo 'says can't fail without being took notice of by the angels. ' I don't know what sort of a house ye'lived iri, sir.when you 'was1 ill that little village' Stone has mentioned'trihVS;' bat I oan tell ye, if it was -built rif Cornish grunite rind Portlaiid cement, it wouldn't offer you one jot 'more' security agin foul weather that thiB ' herb schooner. I knowth' Hope; Mr.'FOrteScrib ; if she wor, the-bosoat of thb'lady ria bore yriu, ye couldn't sleep snugger or Safer.' ' " And thus -speaking - be had' withdrawn, after bestowing, several! enefgritid 'hods upon the clergyman, who cpnld uo.t . question' the seaman's nssnrauces since" 'he had' .seen enough of- him to know that he would' not leave- the deck if- be wertf not perfectly com" fort iblu in hik own mind. ' ' Yet when he managed to crawl half through the hatch 'be'; could not belp feeling atartled and dismayed by the picture he beheld. There would have boen a more rhythmic, a more regalar measure in- the schooner's movements had she been hove to, hard as it was to Btop a fruiter even when in that situation;: but she waB latching— sailing along— the wind aboet a point free, and'cori- sepuently complicating the natural oscillation given her. by the regular swinging rise: and fall of the dark seas, by wild springs/fiercs baryiags of her head, a gull-like aosrliig out of the boiliug staff about her b&ws;, and giddy rushiugs down the watery Bteeps,' which caused Forteecue to -think home of the dives sne made were'for good and all. Besides", -.here was the wide, wild, whirling heavens, the racing moon dimming arid- brighteoing iiB the rolls of vapour- we Be dCuse or thin, the thunder of smiting and smitten waters,' the wbistling- and screeching in the rigging, the shunting in the .oarivas, the ' bullet like singing of the spray -torn up front the -wind ward surges. and swept in storma that, stung as hail would, past the ear. Stone came eliding and sprawling down to the companion, guessing the curate needed a sailor's cheering. < . ! Trilie blusterin,' air 1' he shouted, ' but if the schooner's- a bit frisky, she's sailing straight and she's Bailing fust, two hobliga- tions npon her which ehe'B a real, sweetheart for remembering of.' ' Conversation was out. of the question bat the mate's observation was well said,' for the sense that the Golden Hope was- .-ceaselessly spending towards, the island of his vision neutral. sad in Mr. Fortescae the alarm toat had been excited by. the esa and sky of that yvan and warring night.- He lingered a few moments until a great lump of water, rolling over the forecastle, oarne washing aft. This rendered . the partial cloeing of ' the hatch necessary, so bidding Stone good night, the curate descended into tho cabin and with drew to hia little room. By this time he was fairly accustomed to the straining noises -made by the schooner when labouring ; but for a good while ho' was k<-pt awake by the ofose and thpndero'nB sound of the sea striking against the weather side of tho vessel. It grew monotonous after a bit, for though there was no regainrity in the Golden Hope's pitching and rolling, 1 yet the thump of the surge was almost pendulum like. He alwayH knew bow It would - he- first, i a wild staggering hesitancy, then a plunge, -then the blow of the sea against the heads,! the long lean nvsr, the quick shriek iug recovery,- the Bhort hang of the. brow; then another piangs, followed by the'hlow, and so on, and so on, with a squeak in .every treenail; a groan in every timber,! a ' harsh straining of bulkhead : and bruckob larripand coats- arid tb'e' like swinging to and fro, to and fro, scraping u'/ainst the side, or hang- ing far out with thn heavier lurches. There were notes arid sou ads for the poor fellow to set hiB thoughts to. Hark to that mntllnd, seething roll of heavy water cannonading along the ran, and -roaring past the screwed ap scuttle near hiui. How often had Agatha heard the tempestuous souud when the gale had dashed the billows of the great Indian Ocean against the coral roefs of the island? Heur tho fierco and Btrango shout- iugs coming down froul the rigging with loss of their shrill edgo.as thoy pierced the deck, the sweeping of. the hot blasts, the mattering of fiery guste would often have been heard by Agatha under the midnight stare. Then when he thought of her listening, be would ask himself would she be always unsheltered ? Had thoso who were saved with ber build them a hat ? How hy this time would she be attired, lacking all things bat the . apparel la which she was cast ashore i You who know that this man believed his dream to be 'a whisper in hie sleeping ear from God, you who know that whether with perfeet Banity or with a mind disordered by grief, he waa sailing for the island in full conviction that he enonld find Agatha Fox there ; > -you may conceive what desperate imaginings of his darling's- forlorrteas, her dreadful piight, her sufferings ; of houseless ne5S, homelessneas, aud frietidlessness, his mind would be led into when be thought of the blqak and rolling ooeau, tu« uying emoke of clouds,- the whirling of the cold green moon, the Btormiiig of roaring surges against the schooner, and tho bitterness of the atmosphere that even in his cabin sent Bhudiier after shudder through him as he hugged the bedclothes a frequent start when a wider plunge of the vessel filled bor forward deck with boiling and pounding water. At last he fell asleep, but in his slamhor he Bobbed often and talked aloud. Doubtless he dreamt of Agatha, and it was' natural that whatever came to him in hiB sleep should have the trouble end distress of- the windy, filing night in it ; at least one wonld say it. must differ from the dreams he had of her at Wyloe, when all was still, the stars as peaceful as- the dewdropa tbey glistened in, no movement in the trees, no - sound in the air if .it were not the timid chirrap of an awakened bird, -or the indescribable ghost like murmur'the surf Avill send far inland ; for in such dreams he would often Bmfte and start from bis sleeb with a speeoh of love to find that 'his hand had clasped fingers more ebadowy.thaa ebadows, and that the' adorod formithat,;had bccn'seated at his- pillow was reai.only.ae memory, is. - -. it. .. . .. ... But. at eea it is -nearly all downright' prose. Mai Fortesoua.waa not a mariner, but he .could not. own ,a < vessel and be aboard her witbeatjo. .tastogifi the plain peculiarities of the flea life ; hence from dreams of Agatha ho tyas aroused. by.'o 'emart knocking tin his cabin door, and on his asking what was the matter, Captain-Hiram Wesks walked in. ' Mr. Forteacue, it's just past th' half hour, sir, or I shouldn't ha' taken tho liberty. It's daylight, an' ye'll see it fine. Sir, if excuses are needful for callin of yna, plenty of 'ein shall follow if ye ain't satisfied. But I beg you to bear a hand, for Bights at sea are Swallowed np with astonishing speed.' So Buying he cloaed the door," whilst Fortes- cue;, who was always quick at waking, and who was therefore able to grasp that ho was instanly required on deck, rapidly clothed himself . aud hastened abovo. It wne still blowing .heavily, and a very high eea was running ; it was bitterly cold, too, but clear, if it were not for tho liazo of spray blown loiv and along hy the wind. It is no jolte to a landsman to como frosh from the shelter of a cabin and the, warmth of u bed into bleak and streaming decks and half a gale of wind ; and for some momenta the curate Btood utmost stifled with the pouring blsst, rind dnzed by the cold and tho wildness of the Bcono, till nirar.v helped him fair on dock, closing the companion, and then carrying him to the shelter of the wenther bulwark. ' There, sir I Look !' shoated the skipper, pointjng fair.abonm.to leeward. A gaunt mau is always gauntest in tho morning watoh at sea ; mid as Hiram stood pointing, oiqd from head to foot as he wbb itf oilskin, the leathern, long, hollow facri framt-d in an old and narrow thatched sou' wester, .might hav.e been a skull covered with! parchment. An odder, picture- there never was than that made by this tall lack figure holding to the rail.with one hand nnd pointing with the other to leeward, where the backs ol the. grey surges ran s,rnorith and marbled under! tho showering, of their own. spray. Mr. Fnrtescue squeezed the water ont of his eyes and looked in the direction indicated, aud saw not abovo half a mile. distant a big: black ship under close-reefed, topsails, recfed- forescil arid furetopmast stsysail, heeled over: rill the grass-green sheathing- showed, you! would have thought, to thea bilge Btrnko.- >. ' Now, Mr. FortBBcao,' cried- tho shipper, "in! a voice as hoarse us a raven's, through the exultation and pride in- it, ' Bee now the, difference 'twixta fruiter and, -a clipper Bhip„ It's thq.Yaukee, sir ; iiiiu Ud we sighted yes terday arid who dropped us. So help me -Bob,, sir,' he cried, bringiug his hand with u whack upon his thigh by way of emphasising the word Bob, ' if that thorn snip to leeward! ratchiri Under closWe'eNd top'sls 'ain't tho very idon- ticril-'Yankee' us sneered at ih yesterday with hia stripes otid hid etrirk. ,Tim, tell the gent— , is it (hit-Yankee or aiii't' It ?' " , . Thus 'addressed; ihe "able aoarnan, Tim Duck, who'was afthe' tiller, hitriaelf clad in yellow oil-kin, wh'ich'thy'winci got into and swelled ont. to an aspsct'rif dropsy in tho- last triage—looked at tho Bhip and then at F.jitescue and Baid. "-Ay." she's the' Yankee right Armagh.' j,' . In was a tine sight to brihold the extrava gantly- delighted gszi Hiram, fixed upon .'the clergyman. Hid he "Won tho 'schooner on a wager the extraordinary oatisfactiou he. px- hihito ): could 'not huve1' been' more striking, I'ho recollection of it and of the niun's whole appearance nt that moment cntore'd after wards into Fdrtsscne's reniembrtrice of the incident, : bnt. only jastawakh. 'half Bturiried by the roar ing of the gale, and half-ffozen by L" the spray . laden, '.flashing wind, "it writt nB , much as! 'he could then do to look where he was' bidden. The small snsjgli was tearing'liko a' llaiiie at the schooner's peak signal halliards, but there was no response to it aboard the American. A beaut! ful ship she was, moulded4 to'perfec- tion of finish In lineB. as wits easily seen from the windward side of her '; a Bquare stern, a fiddle'.figurehead, a knifediko cutter,, nnd tba more exquisite for symmetry nnd appearance aloft- for ;hor royril yards being down,. and: for the' cleanne,B her foretop- gallant masts took from the absence of hamper .there. You tt'.rrioit felt her die- dainful wTath at being overhauled by the little Bchooner ; for 'what but that, to a nautical eye- at least, - Should ' Bignify . the savage blows she struck the seas, those eagar swerving sWesp that would ' put a tremble, like a shudder of foiled impatience, into the-weittherleecheB of her- topsails : the wild rise of the oncoming- arirge as 'if she would leap- it in her passion ; then the sickly reel to. leeward tilt the' grey-backed billow rising high and fonminifhetweeii her arid the schooner hid her to half the height lit her lower. masts from the triumphant -gaz9 oi Flirum and. Mr. Fortescus, who was begin ning to forget that it tvas cold and wet'in the melancholy grandeur of the sceno hia consciouBnesB was now compaseing. Melancholy it all was, though grand and with-wildness in it,- too. Whether in storm or iu.cMmthe oceauin northern or southern latitudes, where the suit rises tardily in the wake pf tlye dawn, is always sad at day break. Tho shadow of.: the night seemed to linger in the ashen pouring of' the wuvcb swelling, from tho windward horizon;; the sky wan grey, nnd the cloudB.wero rushing in processions of. tvapour ; whenever a Beit poured its whiteness into a vulley the ex piring foam Bwung up the acclivities with a ghastliness of hue that was as unlike the pallid froth under moonshine or the Bhining snow of the surges, .under the fuller -day, us the' colour of 'the leper, is unlike the com plexion of the healthy akin. Toe desolate- noes .of. daybreak, the; uliuerlsssnosB, and molaricholy of it. were in all things-; io. the damp, dark' planks of the scooner with the soruppers 'babbling ; ii-t the spray- shadowed clo'.hs'Which strained wet aud full from gaff ar.d sheet ;. in '.lie still and glistening figurefl of the men on deck crorichea nft and. watch' irig the American ; in every upheaval of crystalline smoke from the swift chop. and shearing blow of the fruiter's stem. ,Yet the grace of tho leeward ship stole like a kind of warmth into the early morn ; thero was life in her and beauty,; you saw the heluisman when 'Bhe. came 'to windward, stiff", at the wheal, deigning no notice of the schooner ratching past ; tho officer of the watcli at the mizzen rigging ; a head or two over trie rail abreast of the foremast j and the blow ing of' Braoke from the fre»hly-lighted fire. But the Goldon Hope was to have her way of he'ri It was part of Hiram's triumph that he should have' hung in tlie Yankee's wake all night and guesBed her leeway so aa .to bring the vessels at dawu abreast' ol one another, with ' the1 wind a point free for the aohortrier, whilst the ship lay jammed to her course. Johnny I" he roared, 'stand by to dip the ensign1!1'--. ' . ;And whari the Bhip was brought fair on the quarter; th« lad who had' been called made the schooner' hid ber an ironical adieu by three timeB lowering and hoistiug the flag, the last-time hauling it down for good. Now -I'm satisfied,' criod Hiram, rubbing his hands and grinniag down on Forteecue, 1 Spee'd's what you wanted, sir, arid here It is, dragged out o' the heart of a gale 0 wind, After this example of what your wobboI can do, Mr. ForteacuB, me and Stone '11 be able to (eel that thm'simnslbility we took in recom mending th' Hope isn't exceeded- by tho confidence we had in her. If apologieB is necessary .fur rouBing of .you up—' but Forteacue checked him by a wave of the hand. Ouai'tek XIX.— Confidential. For a whole .week after this -the Golden Hopo was bothered by bad weather; once it blew so hard for some hours that, though nothing could induce Hirarn to heitve her to, he was forced to bend a trysail in place of the close-reefed mainsail, and to drive the schooner into it with her main boom lashed on the lee quarter. Yet at the expiration of a fortnight dating from her departure from Gravesend, she bad reached the parallel of 40 leg. north latitude, and here the foal weather went away and left her with a light wind blowing over ber port beam, and a blue sky and a blue Ben with tho long Atlantic sw»ll (lashing to the sun. It had heen a desperately trying time for Fortescae The companion was uept closed, and he had boen half etifl-d in the cabin : yet when he came on deck, the wind and rain and wot soon drove him below ngain Wanting tho cast-iron lungs of his companions he had to give hp talking thrangh sheer inca pacity to make hiB v dee. Bound above the general uproar. One misery alone he had th« good fortnnu to escape, and that was sea sickness Yet this fortnight of thickness and gales did more to make a sailor of him than a couple of monthe. of fine weathor would have done. He felt it wh»n the stormy time was ovor-and he Btvwtched his legs upon ths dry white decks,. He hardly noticed the wido heave of the ewoll brimming to the channels, though a fortnight b-foro he could nothave stood upright to it without holding on. There was a warmth in the son, ton, that promised him a bwwvn. face before long ; yet nothing conld euen faintly gladden him this side tho island— he waa bound to except swiftness ol sailing;-, it. whs always the w#kn he looked at to ess how long it was, and on the morning m the break of weathes, when be fame on deck, I the frirrow astern swung sparkling to his gaze #11 it, died out in' bin® dlstaaoa, lot . the Golden Hope was once jrioro , ' walking.' Hiram had! ttpiphed 'wngt SHottd ifiad'begna, and the schooner was p >cktnl to the tracks, stansaila ,set, and paqelbg a d£pp hermp-: purodite'brig to winUjvard as if ebe bad been u baoy. , The mate' was' belofrj 'the shipper had charge, and Fortescae joined him in a few1 turns before breakfast. ' i ' Nico moihing, air. It a; dome on proor weather at last, aud I hope it'll' strip; bo, I'rii - sure. ' It'Wttsri t worth while saylbg unytliicg at the time, but I felt for yd, Mr. Fortridcae, I assure Voa. A schooner ain't like an Indie man twenty foot higb out of writer. Wal- lowin's nil very well for therri that's seaaoned, bat I'm not one of tboBe fools of sailors — chaps too nautical by a long chafit— whp- wonder- that uew-comors ' ehouldnVfeol as comfortable as they themselves do at seo, . . jnst sb if tbey hadn't a beginning.' : _ ' Such a day as thiB ie alt. the more de-' lightful' for what preceded it, captain,' an- swered-Mr. Forteacue, looking with interesri at tiie clean, almost 'yacht-like appearance of the schooner, hor sails white arid full, her line sand-coioured length of flash deck— brass work flashing in- stars, and Kitt, a middle- aged seaman, quietly .steering, adding a peaceful detail to the pleasant homely piuturp by his Old VVorld costume of a jacket oyer a bine shirt. ' Whereabouts aro we now? ' Well, I'll tell ye, air. If wo was to head the wosBel dud oudt/wo'd rbn ihe I'ortugep coast down ; while if vie was to steer a trifle- to the sonth'ard of wcBt, wn'd bo heaving the- Western Ietunds into view.' , . ! The migbtiuess of tho ocerin. was a more compusflublo thing to tho curate on this fine clear morning than ever it bnd, seemed tp liim when it was rolling livid bnd foaming and 'obscured; - and Weeke's mere naming of the Portugal count and the' Azores ' sent tho clergyman's eyes wundoriiig to tho dark blqe girdle whilst he thought of the wouderfril lands which lay bohind it'on rill sides— shorep of corril ; blue monntnins' lifting mantles of snow 'to tho tropical sun ; ' plains classic with decaying' stone and triutble memorials of' vanished 'cities,' whose glory and spleudoqr woro reoitod iri the languages ol India, of' Greece, aud Italy ; - Bands glaring iiuder the brassy-sky, "with' their honihfl bt chocolutp- colonrod men — why, such magic is there in hoihh! that the more utterance of tho words ' WeBtern Islands ' sseiried' to fill' the qofp warm breeze with the fragrance of theorungs groveand tho perfume of'the' lime. ' ' It is-ostonishiiig,' said ' Mr; Forteacue, ' ti> reflect that hy the mere shifting of that tiller there ws can be carried from night to .sight) from wonder- to beauty, from beauty to desolation.'- ' .. .... . . ' Why,' exclaimed Captain Hiram,' ' 'taiq'fc to bo dolie altogether by shifting the helm.- The course- has to -bo found 'out by "stalling through' a sextant. Then'" there's '' (lead reckunin', and there B currents, along riitlv Winds- which it's 'yohr budinsrid' to fnrikri »nrviceahl« no matter how they blow. 'T .iri't- only Bhifiing- the'faelih; thongh l illloW'yoii ' couldn't manage ' without 'tho tiFer,' he- addol, evidently too jrialous of thre'dignicy 'of his cAlling and of his. profedsioiml skill to permit tbo clergy man to fancy that the'o.ceaii was to bo nuvigatdd' 'by tho 'riiddbr and- nothing'olsoj ' " ' , ". ' . ' Of coririo ; I only used the expression a9 a form 'of speech, ' .Said Mr.-' .Fortescae,' wltjh the light smile instantly fading.'.1 Then, after' u . pause, - ' Did I - uhljerstund you to. SHyl captain, that you have what yau termed Scone's island murkod down riu youf 'cliarb.uf' the Indian. Ocean ?' '- . ' ; ' I. have' the latitude'a'nd lorigitlldo ids". Ke gave it to -me.'.sir ; th'at'B all tlirit's ueces-' esry:'' " ' ' ' ' ' \ ' Has- be ever spoken toy ori about his shipl wreck on- it?'. : . , ' . . f On-, -yes, more ttoi;'once; 'I never- knew a sailor' cast -away for notb'en', ' Ile'll' always get .hiB'whack o' jaw bdt of it; if no more; "T; never,- was oust. aWsy,'-qio What I'm' to talk" about when 1 gets old ! don't know. Bot' itf waa iucky for Bill — 1 .mean Mr. Stone — thaf- that there schooner liFtells of should have hulled hie snow! .For if ebb hadn't foundered he- never cniild havn . known nnvthinv 'nont this, island, . in . whioh cafle, sir, it's more'n, likely ye might have- hadVcrtised for tlis rioxlf twenty, year, without finding a mau capable' of saying-be kuew .where that island was; Ye'd a got, plenty o' lies, no doubt ; but not the' truth,' '" '.Of conrse,' said- Mr. Fortescae, nervously, ' yo'u do not sappo'se tlmt Mr. Smne has mads- a mistake-rcoufased the island I' want with the one ho, was wrecked on 7' 1 . ' - 1 ..' Poll's no honest man, sir, from the heel of his hoot to where his hair once growed'. No! ifUitl bad any doubt,' he'd have fold, ypr- Ue was too much wrecked to make si herfor. :Ho said to me that when he' saw your drawiu' it gave him a turn. - "l'waii tba island itself He' couldn't ba' drawcd'it half as true.'- ':Bill,' ho continued, re'Urning front thp'side to which he had stepped in order- to expeccoraic, ' is a igood sailor. He's a bit old, lint he's sound. There's nothen' of the play-zoin' hamfoozling in him. He's not the! inqp tp" stand ap an' siiig. out, " Look here f I'm l, hp heart of a maipsiay i - hevery drop of blood in niy veins is pure Stockholm f hsvery.hair on ray hsad'is a'rope yarn I arid here," .striking his buzzum,-." a ton-gun pelter 1 Here I am - all Nankin, . bat tny hat, and that's hrab,- China direc.;' T'nat'e bow. the bumfonzler' jaws, Bir, and. people , whq know, nothen' ahont the seai think him wonderfully, nautical for eiiying of it. But yqu'il .;nsv.er got iBill to talk such Bwaeh. lie's a Hteadyi i'speotahlfl, and, in my 'pinion, a pipufl,. su-lor,;. yon'll-not, hoar o> h inth come out of bis mouth, nnd if hs ain't regular ut bin -prayers,- Mr. ForteBOUO. 'tisri't 'cause he's ashamed— I'll back that. li» island's all right enough, , -'Iiflvfa'a only one question; cripflarning it t iloji't quite see.'. > > ' ' What fs".tha"t.?' intjiiired Mr. l-'crtcscae. noticing Hiram's' sidelong pceg at him,, and the lidded, touch 'of reeosctfulns'ss in bis last words that rendered them utmost apolovctio. ' Well, it's this, sir,' answered iliram lwith an effort, '. I'm bat a plain seafaring m >u, but I know what's probable and what's him probable so far as the ocean goes. . Talk to. me of the Flying Datchman and I'll laugh at you. ' 'Ttlit "to ion 'of a ship .floating nps'ldp. dowu iri the Bky, .and I'll say yes' to it, for I'.vo snori-tlie -sight. It's this, Mr, Fortsscue, wirhorit Bartin knowledge, what's eet you supposing that tbo lady - that was in the Indisman is on the islamj ?' , ' It's a probabili'y,' responded Mr. For tescae, speaking in' a low .voice,;: ' a chance, if you like— I wish to muke sure of it.' . ' To makb'sure that ehe ie or tbut she isn't there sir?' .' . ' Yet.', Hiram grew reflective, arid preisntly . said, ' By tho time we reach the Indian ! Ocean q good many rnnnths 'llhaye gone since the Indiemrin was hutpt L ye aappoflo, sir, that if thefe am' men with the lady they'll keep- all on waiting on that island for- something to tnrn up ? If there's a sailor among 'em, dori't you reckon ' that fioless they've beeit took off. He'll havh tarried tul and found out Bome way of Escaping along with the reat? That's my idea, und Stone's of, 'my- 'pinion.' ' If thev huve no boats— if they, have not tools nor materials for getting away — how then ?' that made him feel thar theskippen suspected an insincerity In his language. ' Shipwreckt folk, drivenjtoextrsmity, have performed «nmu umaziri. hexplhlts, said Hiram, rather dryly. . ., , ' When, continued Mr. Eortesoue, instinc tively feeling thut his companion eaBpeoted somsthiug behind his words, even whilst ba ulked, rind now more clearly than ever-per ceiving that if thai, 'something' was not avowd, a doubt of his sanity might follow, 'whan I'aflk'sd Mr. Stone at .Wyloe, how ueripleon that island were to ,raanuge if they had no b at, hi- answer was that their only chance would . be . in r heir (.making a smokb. and being 'seen.' (to ,ga mrintiuuvy: 