Australian Tales and Adventures, No. 15. A STRANGE STORY. By R. P. WHITWORTH. The story I am about to relate is a strange 'one. .Ts it true?. I do not know. Judged from the stand point of every day experience, I should say that it is impoesiblothat it ould 'havo happened, and yet, marvellously and totally unnccountablo as it seems and is to moe I cannot but believo it to boIpositively and absolotely a fact. It-is one oftbhose things which cannot be explpined, and which ;will not be explained away. We live our visible life, as it were, passing over a narrow bridge lying between two im measurable gulfs,.that behind us being the irrevocable past, and. that before, the in scratablo future. What these gulfs contain, what is called the unseen world, whether anything or nothing, tangible or intangible, science tells us nothing about. Do, then, the disembodied spirits of the dead ever return to earth. Let my story tell what I think, and cannot but believe. Many, very many years ago, when I was a young man, little more than a youth in fact, just come from England to seek my fortune in this fairland of Australia, I had made up my mind to become what was the summit of so many ambitions, a squatter. I must tell you there were two of us, myself and my cousin, Jim Welsh, a son of my father's sister. He was of about the same age as my. self, and I was deeply attached to him, as he was to me, We had been at school and col. logo together, and I mention this latter to show that we were both tolerably well edu cated, and therefore not likely to be.ftnbued with the superstition and fanciful credulity that so elten go hand in band with ignor ance. As I have said, we were deeply attoohed to each other, a case of Damon and Pythias, or Orestee and Pylades, or, better still, of David and Jonathan. We had come out in the same ship, and had vowed never to separate, but to stick together through good and ill. We had heard and read in England of tho free wild life of the cattle kings, of the boundless'plains, and breezy downs, and grassy glens of the land of the Southern Croms, and our hearts swelled high with hope that we too, someday, should become, as they wore, lords of the soil. But to become squatters, it was necessary for us to know something about squatting. We were fairly well provided with funds, and had some good letters of introduction, and noting on the advice of a gentleman who had known Jim's father, we determined, before venturing into a business of which we knew nothing, to go, for a time, on a station, and gain colonial experience. Sheep we would have nothing to do with. The life on asheep run did not suit our ideas. It was too tame a kind of thing for nus. It lackedthe spice of romance attendant upon eattle breeding. There was none of the headlong gallopping through the crashing timber, and down stony defiles and steep gullies, the camping out be. neath the giant gum trees in the solemn bush, the cracking stookwhips, the cabbage-tree hats, the blue shirts, the breeches and boots; and the other glories that render the life of a siookknian so'desirable-l'd n ~ iper." ' Therefore, on a cattle station would we go. There was no great difficulty in the matter. There were plenty of squatters who would willingly take us on their runs, and "break nos in "-for a consideration, of course. One of these offers we accepted. It was on the station of a gentleman named Macgregor, a canny old SBootchman, which was situated on the upper part of the Gouhburn river in Vie. toria, and which embraced some seventy thousand aores of good open forest country, carrying about eight thousand five hundred head of cattle. We went to work in right down earnest to learn the business, and I may fairly say that Se succeeded admirably. We were both toler. ably good horsemen to begin with, and as old Macgregor was a rigid and exact man, who would have his work done thoroughly well, and as we were anxious to learn, we, ere long, were turned out really good bushmen. So much so that after we had been with the old gentleman a little over two years, hopro. posed to us that weshould take the sole charge of the station during a visit which he proposed to take to the old country. Nothingcould have suited us better. Yonng, ardent, our own masters, with work that we took a delight in, we jumped at the offer, and ere another month, he had departed on his home trip, and we were installed in the large comfortable house of our employer, practi cally " bosses " of the situation, and certainly, monarchs of all we surveyed, for the nearest house was Carfrao's, over the ranges some twenty miles away. Oor house, as we considerecd it, was a wooden structure, of many rooms, having a wide verandah round three sides. Itstood on the crown of a swelling down that formed the home paddock, and that sloped away past a small creek that formed one of the ffnluents of the Goulburn, to the foot of arange of hills about five miles away, and that shut in the view to the north. Through this range, and exactly opposite the house, was a dip or gorge, known locally as " Macgregor's Gap," and be ing the solo means of communclation that existed between our peaceful valley and the feverish world whose heart throbbed so fiercely outside. Most of the louse wasolosedi for therewero far more rooms than two bachelor's could possibly use. We each had a bedroom, entered from the front verandsb, and our common sitting and dining room lay between the two, and was a' well our ofllco, smnolking.room, library, and music.room, for Mr;. Maogregor had a'good selection of books, and a splen did pianoforte and harp for the use of his two daughters, who had accompanied him home. yiur household consisted solely of our two selves, Alec, Payno, the head stockman, who slopt over the stables, an ugly and hot. tempered old Sootohwoman named bMeg, who cooked and did for us generally, who lived somewhere in unknown parts at the baok of the house, and who claimed to be distantly akin to the " Maister," and tyrannieed over us accordingly, and a singularly handsome colley slut named Fly, who located in spots, indifferently in mine or Jim's bedroom, at her own sweet will and sovereign pleasure. The station hands had their huts at con siderable distances, and we rarely saw any of them, except when they came to the house for rations, or on other business. Halcyon days, Indeed, wore those we pased in the soft, sweet Australian spring. Fishlng in the Goulburn, shooting in the hills, kanga. rooing on the flats, with plenty of healthful employment to keep us from rusting, who couldhavo beon happierthanJackAlleyne, that was myself, and Jim 'eeleh, the managere sad residents of the Gap Station, But our time of unalloyed happiness was not to last, The blanoks took to spearing our cattle. Why they did it we couldnot tell,tfor we had always treated the few who had shown up on the run with the utmost kindness. Where they came from we could not conjee. tore, for there wore practically none belong. Ing to our immediate nelghbourhood. None, in foact, of any account, nearer than the Wnrrigal tribes of Gilppeland. \- They were;feroolue and misobhlootts enough we knew, but we could not imagine that they would leave their native haunts so far away thb southward, and cross the all-but inac eossible fastnesses of the main range to dous an injury. We could not account for their presence, we could find no reason for their atse, unless, indeed, they were some wander ing tribe who had been badly used by the white man somewhere, and were revenging themselves indiscriminately on friend and foe alike. Dut there was the unmistakable fact. We were first made aware of it by Aleo. our head stockman, riding up to the house in hothaste one forenoon with the intelligence. He had, so be informed us, been out to one of the cattle camps, and returning by the foot of the hill had came across blood marks on the grass. Following them up he had found the remains of a young strawberry heifer, one of our ehoicest breed. The blacks had carried off soie of the flesh, and had lelt the rest to the haawks. Was he soure it was the blacks who had done it Quite sure. There was no mistalke about that, for he had seen the mark of the spear thrusts. He had ridden up -to the house as fast as he counld, to see -what' was to be done. -?..? -'-i'; .+' - What was to be done? Ahi thi t wae. poser. Find the marauding 'seoundrels. 'Just so. But where to find them ? Where to look for them? They were miles away, no doubt, gone this way or that, who could tell ? It was our first experience with blacks, that is to say with mischievous ones, and we were com. pletely at a loss how to act in the emergency. Jim and I, calling Also. to our counsels, eat up late that night discussing the matter, al. though with but little result further than that we determined to keep a strict look out for the thieves in future. We might as well have saved ourselves the trouble. Do what we could, ride to and fro on the run, early and late, as we might, we never could come across them. Had we had native trackers we might probably have found their trail, and hunted them off, for the blacks have a wonderful instinct, and a naturallove for this bloodhound kind of work- it is strange, indeed, how the partially oivilised aboriginal takes a cruel delight in traoking and, it may be, slaughtering his own countrymen, even those of his own tribe, but so it is-but we had no trackers,and were totally unseacquainted with the busheraft and the thousand and one shifts and tricks of these cunning denizens of the woods and wilds for concealing themselves and eluding pursuit. But of their presence we had ample proof, for hardly a day passed that we did not get reports of fresh outrages. Not content with slaughtering an occasional beast for food, they had, as is their wont, taken to spearing our cattle indiesriminately, and for sheer love of bloodshed. Who could tellhowscon they, treacherous and vindictive as they were, would fly at higher game, and would take to killing human beings as well as cattle. At all events we went continually armed, we and the stockman too, with revolvers, and should doubtless have given good account of some of them, could we have found them, which as I have said, we could not. Then for a time came a cessation of hostilities, as it were. They seemed to have quitted our part of the country for we had no further alarms, and were just beginning to congratulate ourselves in having got rid of our troublesome visitors, when almost simul. toneouely we heard of no fewer than three fine young bead of cattle being found slaughtered in widely different parts of the run. We were at our wit's end,_but clearly something m ?st be done, and at once. This kind of thing could not be permitted to go on. But how to prevent itl : -,Why the wretches had ,elected trseommit eceir oýeorciai.oiru -en 'oie ru=cn, Gi i etket' they had extended them to other parts otfthe dieariot we did not know. Again we held a - council of war, and again we felt ourselves powerless to, cope with the evil, We felt certain that the blacks were about in force, but whether they were camped in the dense bush that bordered our run, or whether, as was most likely, they had their head quarters in the rugged mountain ranges to the north. ward of us, we were unable to say. It is as certain however that they were not located on the run, as, had they been, we should have been sure to have fallen in with the marks of their fires, if not with the ruins of their wurleys of brunches of bark. We eat late in the night without having arrived at any settled plan of operations, further than that Jim Welsh had expressed his determination to ride over to Oarfrac's the following morn. ing, and consult with our neighbour as to what had best be done. Perhaps that was the best thing after all, for Mr. Carfrae had been a long time in the colony, and might reasonably be supposed to be better acquainted with the habits of the savage tribes, and the beat method of dealing with them than we. Still, I felt a strange, and altogether unaccountable repugnance to letting Jim go. A singular vague premonition of evil which would not assnme any tangible shape and which eluded my mental grasp at the same time as it would not be laughed away. After an early breakfast, Jim saddled his horaer and prepared for a start, ridiculing my groundless fears and attempts to induce him not to venture. lis argument was unanswer. able "Our plain duty is cloear," he said, " we have already lost something like a score of our prime cattle, we have been totally unable to put stop to the mischief, and unless we take some decided stop there is no telling what the result will be." I could not contradict this, of course, and could only advise him to be careful, and to keep as much as possible in open country. "Never fear," he replied cheerfully, " I am well, armed, and the blabk scoundrels have too wholesome a terror of the white man's thunder and lightning to venture within cooey of1 me." Notwithstanding this, it wiar with a ainking at my heart that I saw him tighten his girths,. vault into the saddle, and cantner gaily over the grassy stretch of the home paddock in the direction of the gap. I watched him until he was out of aight, shading my eyes with my hand, from the bright rays of the morning sun, and than I turned into the house with' something like a sigh, determined to drive' away my uneasy thoughts by writing long lettere home. In vain, the inspiration would not eome. I blundered and bungled through my corres. pondenno for two hours or more, and then gave it up in disgust. I was ever haunted by the shadow of a nameless, formless fear, a hidden terror, that, like the "Dwellereon the Threshold" of which we read, I had no die. tinct comprehension, but which was, none the less, there. " It was a clear warm day,.the silence was almost oppressive, and by-and-bye, lulled by the faint but ever present hum of the bush, I fell into a light but troubled slamber. My dreams, if dreams they could be called were, as my waking thoughts had been, !' without form and void," yet dimly shaeowered by a presentiment of impending ill. I kdow not how long I slept, but all at once I was roused from my unrest, by a long, leoud, hall howl, half wail of a dog, so weird, so in. expressibly sad, that it seemed to turn my very blood to ice,. I awoke with a start, and went out at the open door. As I stopped out upon the verandah, Fly, our collio dog came whining and crouching to my feet, and crouched tremblingly behind me, as if in mortal terror. At tho same moment my eyes were blasted with a new Gorgon. Coming slowly up the path, not twenty yards from me, and gliding rather than walking, wa afors,'thib form of my cousin, Jim Welebsh whom I had seen start for Carfreo's some hours before. Pale to lividness, shadowy, ethereal, with a look of pain on his erstwhile handsome face, and a crimson blotch of blood wellingfrom a deep gash in his breast. I stood as ii turned to marble, powerless to move, powerless to speak, powerless, almost, to think. Was 1 still dreaming? No. There he was, plainly palpable before me. I felt my eyes dilate. I felt my hair stiffen on my head. I felt my heart throb as if it would burst, and still all I could do was to gaze entranced and spell.bound in silent, nameless horror. My breath came fast and thick, and as it came nearer and still nearer, with a supreme effort I gasped rather than spoke "Jimo" n The form waved its hand in the direction of the gap, a smile spread over the anguished.. codntenance, and then it slowly melted into, air. Was.I then mad? No, no, a thousand times no, although it was surely enough to have driven me so, I was as sane as I am now.. What it was, or" whether it was, I did not, I: do not speoulate.. I only know that I saw it. - .I tell you I saro it. For a time I stood inoes. .pable of motion or reasonable thought. Then came the reaction. With' a hoarse, harsh half laugh, lialf sob, I bounded forward to: where it had stood. There was nothing,: I 'might have known that. I did know it. I.' ran round to the stable,hnastily saddled a horse, snatched up my revolver, mounted, and - 'hitlesa, coatless, as I was, gallopped down the homo paddock. Where was I going? I hardly know. I had but one feeling, one idea, .that of bitter vengeance on the perpetrators of this foul deed, for that a fouldeed had been done I knew only too well. I headed for the rocky bloffa that formed the Gap, and bathed in perspiration, and with the hot fire of hatred at my heart, sped across the intervening down. Did I think of danger, of death perhaps, to myself? . No, nRevenge I ?renegl I Soon I renached the Gap. All still, all silent. The grim walls hemmed me in on either - hand, but told me nothing. Deeper and deeper into the gloomy defile I passed, deeper and deeper still, but nothing. Not a sight; not a sound save the clatter and ring of my horse's iron shbod hoofs over the rough boulders. I dismounted, and slowly led my_ horse over the rugged track for it was un safe to ride. More dismal, more wildly solil tary grow the scene, a quarter of a mile, hall a mile, a mile, and then At lost. There he lay. Yes, there he lay. All there was left of him. 01 my friend, of dear, true hearted, handsomo Jim. Dead I Dead I AlaslAlas I Dead I Dead I Killed by a spear thrust, treacherously hurled from behind a rock, as he was riding, or probably leading his horse, through the defile. A spear thrust whioh entering his back, had come out at his brseast, and had cleft his heart in twain. There, at my feet, on his back, with a smile on his pallid lipe, gazing blindly into my face with glazed eyes, as if in mockery of my unutterable woe. Do I feel shame in saying that the tears fell hot and fast from moeyes upon thateold face, that my kisses were impressed on that lifeless hand, which had never before met mine save in the warm grip of friendship? Not I. A man sheds tears but seldom; but when he does, they are, as it were, tears of blood. How long I stoodlooking wistfully into the faco of my dead friend I know not. I felti my heart throb almost to breaking. I felt my brain whirl into- dim unconsciousness, and then, kind heaven sent rolief to my over. charged feelings. The grim defile, tho bush . beyond, It at my feet, seemed to swim round me. All earthly things wore'blotted out,' and I fell forward ina swoon;and all was dark.;: Buot the awalkening, ohI the awa'evia \- But the awakening, oh I tho awakenI : :Ifbund myself lying non- € hol be after a beevy eleop ainIt. ?.ew nt; 1 i whee I wan. For a time I lay only partially non?.-a soious, yet still entirely eonaeioun of at ing forms I knew arotnd m.. Alec. Payne, Dioctor Rao from the township, and a femalo With a ": face strange to me, stood round my bed.? I lay, dimly trying to gather up the tangled threads of memory, which seemed to have been woven into a kind of inextricable con fusion. I tried to raise my hand, and it foll back on the counterpane, seemingly as heavy as lead. And then, I spolke, or rather, as ait. seemed to me, someone elso appeared to speak my thought, so weak and gasping was the voice. "Where am I " I asked. "Thank God," ejaculated the Doctor," the worst is over. Mind and memory arereturn. in." "For a time I lay still, trying to think: of the meaning of what he said, and then, as in an instant, the tide flowed. It all came back to me. All, all. The mysterious visitant, the gloomy gorge, the dead body of my friend at my feet. : I had as they told me, been found lying across the corpse of Jim in the gap, found by Aleo. Payne, who had from a distance seen me galloping wildly in that direction, and who, suspecting something was wrong had followed on foot. I had been ill, very ill, nearly at deaths' door, down with a violent brain fever, for days', ever since, but, thank God, the danger waspast. As for the appari. tion I had seen, Dr. Rse discoursed learnedly on psychology and lindred matters, proved to his own satisfaction, doubtless-that-at the time I saw it, or was supposed to Ihave seen it, I was under the influence ofinoipient brain fever, induced by worry and work- and the trouble consequent on the raveges madeo on our stock by the blacks. He persuaded me that it was all fancy, imagination, the out. come of a heat oppressed brain, all therest of it, by which scientists try to explain the un. oexplainable. '= Perhaps he was right. I do.not know, common sense would toll me that ho: wao right, and that it was only in my own dise. turbed brain and mind that fatal .visionhad been. That is, no doubt, a suffciontly lucid exoplanation, but for all that, I say, as Shako. spearo says : . " There are more things in Heaven and earth Horatio . Than ever you dreamt ol in yourphilosophy." ': Imay with regard to the spirit or ghost, or..s.. what you will, of poor murdered Jim Welsh, my cousin, and my heart's friend nas I have said beforeo-I saw it. The decipherers of the papyri which have been brought to Vienna from El Fayoum, have learned from one of them the existence of a town in lower Egypt, all trace of which seems to have disappeared for the last 1,200 years. The document is a papyrus, a little over 41t. long by lit. wide, containing a mar. -rlago contract in Greek, and is well preserved. The date is not given,.but'Proleesore Karn. bsacok and Wesseley believe it belongs to the early part of the sixth century. The bride. groom was named Theon, the bride Maria, She had a fortune of her own amounting to 100 gold pieces, and the future husband en gages to find for her food and clothing, and everything suitable for '" an ordinary legiti mate wife." There are witnesses and a notarial certifeate. All the parties are de. soribed as belonging to the town of Justian opolis. The editors declare that they can find no mention of this place among any lists oa the towns,oeto., of Lower Egypt. Forty varieties of rice are grown in Bur. mah, the latest additions to the territories of Great Britain. These nago in hue from white to black. Iurmah alsoproduces many othler kinds co edible grains, one of which Is known as Job's Tears. According to Dr. Thomas Moore this grens derives its name from the largo, round, shining fruit it boars, in whlah ean be traoed some resemblance to tears, It oou?ces In Japan as well as the Asistio continesit. . ·1 ·· . .... . .. 511 