.OLYMPIC VARIETY COMPANY'S CONCERT INHAIjFNIGHTS' HALL. A good musical perform anco was givon on Wednesday in tho above hall, which is fast becoming a fayourite .placo,, of enter tainment, - being bright/, audj'.frosh and particularly woll suited for concerts and similar ' entertainments; r-Tho Olympic varioty company, tno new local comoina tiou, tendered their services iu connection with Mr., Half nights for the eyoning for tho benefit of the Balmiiiii Cottage Hospital and tho' Occasion and tho pi'Ogrammo do servod a hotter houso than was presont, the weather being docidedly ' unpropitious. Tho.fii'st part, a minstrel show, was well carried out. Mr. Alf. Shipman officiated as bones. Mr. C. York, a favourite iii tho' 'neighboring suburbs; as tainbo, and Mr. -Ernest. Christian as interlocutor. , . The usual funny businoss was woll shakon up,' and had an agreeable leavori of frcshnoss in it.. Alf. Shipman makes a promising. littlo ' niggar':a'ud has'fi, shining fiituro of blackness boforo hiin. The songs woro as' follows: 'Mother, call mo back again,' by Miss Bruuifiold ; comic song, ' ' Upsido down,' a sweet trifle by Mr. C. York Jballad, , ' Maid of tho Mill,' Mr. Ernest Christian; comic song, ' Duck-foot Sub,'' -by Mr. '; Alf. Shipirian ; /song, 'Will you think of mo,' Mr. W. T- Knight ; ballad, ' Littlo ; sister's gorio; to sleep/' 'Miss : Blaiicho.Brumfiold; ,',',:Kiss ino aud whisper gopd-night,' Mr. W. J. Harrison, which Was/encored ; and tho ghost scono from Othello by thd end men. Tho Life Boat j B1''88 -Band played .. somo ; good j ^elections botwoon tho acts. Tho second . part Opened -with a coinio song, Pll'toll my mother,' by' ' Mr. -Arnold, whoso protornaturally Igravo' phiz added much ,' to, ; the effect. Aloroy and Shipman gave a. nogro song, and dance vory olfoctivoly and. another in i'osponso to an oncoro, with taking vivacity of action. ' Miss Brumfiold sung , 'Opon your mouth and shut your oyes' vory nicely. Mr. Harrison gavo ' Lot _mo liko a soldior fall' in his host stylo, which was highly' appreciated. -v Mr... Christian sung' Ui ballad,-'- The littlo Gypsy, Uiieou,' very,' tastefiiliv, arid 111 response tdVau encore,, 'Don't to iu. a hurry,' which was enthus iastically rbceivod. Mr. Christian is 1111 ologant young follow with a finished stylo and his bearing and appearanco rocall tho favouritp/ artists of, tho , London; Music Halls. He is a decided addition to tho ranks : of our suburban , porforinors. Mr. W. T. Knight 'gavo 'Tho warrior- bold' in a style that roeoived an oncoro. Missos Blancho and Loali Brumfiold woro vorv successful in thoir sailors hornpipe and received an oncoro. Mr. Alec. Robertson gavo ' Little Darling ' in good stylo. After loud calls for Alf. Miller who came not, Morey and.Shipman concluded with a double- clog which was noatly and accu rately givon. The accoiripammouts were, unusually good, being furnishod by Mr. Brown, pianist, Mr; .A. Newman, flautist, ' arid Mr. J. Tinslby, violinist. Tlioso gon tlemen also gave a ; good soloction at the beginning of the second part. Tho concort ,was well received ' and tho gontler.-ien who kindly gave .thoir sorviecs dosorvo full credit for, doing thoir sharo to make it a succoss. 