CHAPTER XLIII. ' - AtJ UNEXPECTED MEETING. j Nick knew theie were many tiuths in what Mrs. I Gilbert had told him, but he had no means of know ng how much falsehood was mixed with them. Ho admitted that her story would explain many of the acts committed, but why might not the story , í>e concocted with that vary end in view ? j He returned to New York, determined to use the I information as the basis of investigation, but to be- lieve only as much of it as he could prove. The accusation that Mrs. Livingston had killed her infant was unfortunately borne out by the letter in his possession. Or, if she had not killed it, she had seemed to charge .Taue Blanning with the bloody task, and that was quite as bad. As for the part about Ethel and Mabel-well, he would not think much about that yet. He could not get rid of the uncomfortable im- pression Ethel's letter had made on him. Nevertheless, ho would not permit himself to doubt Ethel yet. His first act on reaching the city, was to go to Station D and see if there was any letter for him. He argued that if Ethel had come to New York to fin'd him, her first act would be to write to that post-office. The delivery, however, was closed -when ho reached there, and he had no choico but to wait impatiently until morning. Ho was at the delivery window next morning as soon as it was opened. To his surprise, it must be confessed, there was handed to bim a letter in the unmistakeable hand- writing which in spite of his gloomy suspicions sent a thrill through him. Tho letter was very short. It ran : Dear Mb. Johnson :-I am at Mrs. Ross' again. Please come to me as soon as possible. Ethul." He road it and shook his head sadly. Three things he had noticed. The letter was dated the previous day ; the post- mark on the envelope was dated also that day C.80 P.M. ; the letter was written in ink about forty eight hours dry. If Ethel was in Philadelphia shortly before four o'clock yesterday, sue could not hare reached New York, gone to High Bridge and got a letter to station D by G.30 the same aft. moon. However, he thrust logic and suspicion one «ido and to»k the Cars for High Bridge. In a short time he was for the second time ring- ing Mrs. Ross' bell. Hannah opened the door. She did not recognise Nick. "Is Miss Ethel Waldron here?" he asked. "Who wants her?" Little Mrs. Ross primed with auspicien, asked the question. " I do. I am Mr. Johnson." " Go about your business, sir," cried the good little woman, indignantly. I happen to know Mr. Johnson." " I am the same man, madam, who came to see Mi» Ethel before. I was disguised then. Here is Miss Ethel's letter to me." * " Maybe you are Mr. Johnson," said she, " but how's a body to tell ? But that's no great conse- quence now, anyway for she's gone." ' " Gone ! Then she has been here ?" " Yes, sir, she arrived hero from Philadelphia a little after seven o'clock last night. Slue expected you all the evening and when you didn't como she could hardly sleep au night. She said she was afraid you might have been killed, and so she went away early this morning to look for you." . " Poor Nick ! He said " Thank yon," and turned away with a heavy heart. , He went down town again brooding all the way on the infatuation with which he clung to Ethel in I spite of every fresh proof of her perfidity. I What her object could be in sending him on so many fools errands he was unable to guess. But he would think of her no more. There was another way to bring the case to a successful ond now, and he would employ that forthwith. He hastened, to Union square, reaching there in tim/2 to keep his appointment with dCitty. " Well, Kitty what news to-day," he cried. " Not so very much, sir, but a little." " Ah ! Well, let's have it." ''Mrs. Livingston got home last night about half-past eight. She looked so bright and cheerful that Mr. Livingston seemed to wonder at it, and asked her if she had 'any good news ? " She said no, but that she had a feeling somehow that Mabel would be found soon, and she could not help feeling .cheered. "He said he wished he could get some such comfort from his hopes. " That was all of that ; but this morning she said to him in a careless sort of a way .. " ' Ob, Gerald ! kas the new cashier taken his place yet ?' " ' No,' he answered, " but I expect him to do so to-day.' " ' I should think a foreigner would not be as good as a native for that place,' she said. He looked at her in a surprised sort of way, and began : " ' Why, Gerturde, I thought you-' " ' Oh, yes, I know,' she interrupted, 'but women are always whimscial, and I have been so much troubled lately, Gerald, dear. I wish you would make some excuse to put the young man off for two or three days, will you ? I will tell you my reason then.' ' " Mr. Livingston looked still more Biip'rised, but ho is so fond of his wife that he'd do anything for her, so he only said . ' " ' Very well, Gerturde ; but you know I need a -cashier very much Young Lane is filling his own and that position too, now, and it is too much work for him.' " ' I won't interfere again, Gerald,' she said, and then she kissed him ; something I haven't seen her do before since this trouble came, though I hadn't thought of it. Why, what's the matter ?" Nick, pale as a ghost, had suddenly started up from the bench they had boen sitting on, and was staring wildly across toward the Fourth avenuo side of the park. " Oh, beavens ! Can it be," he murmured. Then turning to Kitty, he said in an agitated voice : " I must go now-excuse me." " Oh, you are ill !" " No, no," he cried, clenching his fist« fiercely as if to fores his feelings under control. *' I am well 3 but you go now, Kitty-go home." Kitty wonderingly left him, and he, still with his eyes toward Fourth avenue, walked rapidly in that direction. His gaze was fiked on a couple-a man and a woman-who had just crossed Fourth avenue and entered the park. Nick, without any caution, walked right on until he was close behind the pair. " Oh, Harry," he heard her say, affectionately, " do it for my sake. I wish you would." " I will, Ethel ; indeed I will," the man replied. The man was Mansfield. Nick could stand it no longer. Ha sprang savagely fouward, thrust the young man aside, and in a voice hoarse with passion, exclaimed : "Ethel Waldron !" She turned, uttering a low cry. The two stood face to face. ' I »» ' 