THE LADY IN BLACKI CHAPTER VIII.L-(Continued.) 'Nonsonse! all fanffaroinado !iiiter rupted the Colnmaiidhait' angrily: 'Have done -iith this insolence, or:by" Heaven you shall 'elpent it! Bi3ut' there must be an "endr. and a sipeedy one, to this business. IHo without, there !' cried the offic6r turning'to the door by which Meontague had entered, and through which he had head 'theL piteous weeping of a.female .vole the . owner of which he'coild notl?now.... Two non-commission~ed officers of the Guards entered, and :'to :'whom' :?he: Cdmi'riniidant whispered a few ,words, a nd'. thoe remiaised w ithin.. the door in??tonless as statues, ready toobey any orders that might be ?iven them by -ltheir.superiors. : . 'Colonel .Von To6icher walked hastily :up and down the room, wvith his hands /behind his back, thlrowing, from. tihne' to time, .glancos of uneasiness and compassion towards tie unfortunite Montague, for whom he certainly felt a strong regard, asid for whoso situa tion lihe really had some considerable compassion. He drew the Commandant to av distant window, and talked with him for some minutesih a low toieoof voice. It was evident that they had some convorsation of the most energetic ind .0n the subjeot of the difficulty .that was before them now. : The shrugging, of his excellony's shoulders betrayed the nature of: the conversation and his own2 answers. .:Th'e stillness if the salooii rendered .the souinds of .lamentation~ in the :neig'io?iriing ap'ar~iment?i.i mori? painm fi flly audible ; uand from timne to time there was an eager contention of female -voices. " ?-:"::" -: It w as eiident that no' t only in the room inr which Mfontagiie 'vr as, but : elseul;ere, there was some difficulty on hand. - :' ,Tihe thing must come to 'nend, i'pon myty honour,' said the:Comman. dant, breaking' off .the conference at the wvidowv abruptly. '..It :is His~ Maijesty'spleasure,; whatis the us:e of f?:utlher tallking ?'• "" .ell, i' is quite fi'uo,' said th" Colonel. .. : : . : .i; C::.'. Ohaplain, mak.e ready !' said the Coiminudanirtn?, wio evidently felt t~hant;: ~aiy 'further delhi; was useless ii: the matter. W/ Writh those words he went into the other roi:om; 'loaving the door .obpen On;.'0oftheo women, whose voices lihad be n:-heard indefinitely, ittered r p::iremug scrc'am--almost a shrfiek-: as h i: entered; two others seizidd'horf ione by each ar'i, ,iand dra'ged .her' .iito the siloon-a victim of the high handed: ,tyranny of:b Frederick the Great - " he Colonel wnalkeod .hastily aiway; M'-lontagoue did not move, but remained with his :eoyes riveted on. the g'!round without t hinking of looking at the :?womanlr whoi. Was to be his co-victim ',in this, dark busincs', but ro;lving: a' da:;drk:purposo in hiis mind::. The haphl lain approiached, and spoke to liini ; it was evident that Moutagiie. neithei, saw ior hoard him. All earthly things seemed to be borefBtiof finy iitererst at: this moment. His resolution was tf~ormed. The Colonel canemoup to him a second timo; and shook him ogently by the arm. ' Comeo, come, my son, submit, since there is no help for it. Have mercy on the poor girl, and don't make her ashamed, although you seem to be amazed beyond all bearing about such a matter. She's a sweet girl !' Montaguo started, as if roused from a heavy sloop; and first became conscious that the chaplain stood before him, ready for his office, and by his side the unhappy bride, in a convulsion of sorrow, her face buried in her handkerchief, and supported on oither side by a stout handmaiden of his excelloney's household, who had been impressed into the service as Carl had boon into that of the King. 'Put away that wet rag, child, and take a look at tho husband his Majesty has picked out for you; you might have done worse for yourself, I can tell you,' said the Comnmandant, in a tone whoso roughness was not alto gother natural; and,' as he spoke, he drew the handikerchlief from her tFrembling fingers, hut without rudo noss, and insisted on her looking on the stalwart bridegroom who stood by her side, as unwilling to go through the coromony as she was herself. Thie girl utterod a faint cry; her swollen eyes met Montague's. Heaven and earth-! it was Augusta! ' Wreotches, you havetmurdered her !' 'shouted Carl, springing forwards, and tearing .the. now insensible form of hiis beloved from the arms of the women. Ho bore her to a sofa, knolt dlown by her side, aud. watched-for .some sign of returning lifo with an eager ness that rendered him unconscious of what was passing round him, both of .the Colonel's loud 'Donner und blitzen !' and of the Commandant's amazed countenancea ' What's in the wind now'? Who have we here now?' said the Comrn-' mandant, aside, to-the Colonel 'This:: is a.new sceine in the plliy, and abo'ut the last one we had ,any reason :to look for. - No matter; the young sparlk is' ut .of his heorics. "However, le. niitm male-an end 6f this ceui'sed: biusiness hefoic thet stoini( begins again. Come, parson,, begin your ,office; quick, despatch! Do you hear me I' \- And he 0looked quite resolutely;, as if the Kinsa oidoi must be obeyed at once. .. . . . i Had we. not better wait ahlittle?, interposed -tlie chaplain.- 'The- young man seems disposed to be i:reasonable and if u o could only .obtaia ial consent ' Not a ,. minuto?'-not'; ,-a, second- ! eCied thee:.Commandant Proceed, ?, say !·There,!Ithe girl has openied her eoaest!: *wil youdlo-your- duty, , sirs or; notP; 'I....'~'~i ~ ri··~· chaplain -:7 p. are i.Thus admonished, ...thOe Irove·rd end geitlemalp?repared to ob. i?ey;-. : ,Montagne neitheihr:eard noi saw, his soul Seemed .lovi to i'Aiigsitt ? wa~hose. lirfe -appeared -fluttersa on her No questionswere n asked of the bride o'rr~idegi?roni' thie r.ings were not:exchang,.ed asis nsually -donie in, Germany, biut forced upon their pas sive fingers by tohe bystandeis und t~hei uncer?iemomqus ceremony was ove';r : Witiniiafeijv minutes,, Carl .Morita gue andAii.Agugiere Yon- oiier iverere man and wife boydolid the power, of" man to dissolve!the marriage. - .The bCoiimandant : wiped the drops, fiom his forehead, evidently ilth great minotion, and gave orders for a 6arriage. to be brought immediiately. It was..plain that he thought the: scene had been one of no ordinary im portance .. ' Lot me only get the silly wench out of my house before she gives up the ghost outright.!' muttered hle to himself, with agrunt which combined annoyance with fear. '.It is a most' -infornal business altogetliher. As I.am' a Christain man,. I. Would rather ten thousand times be charged at once by the. enemy, :front and rear, than go thlrough it again ! . Gott in Himmel! : but I would, and no one knows better than I thlint that's hof; enourh work !' " Colonel Von Torcher drew Monta gue aside; i SThe young .soldier seemed scarcely : yet 'awakelienedo .o--the; situation in' ,wlich .he was .placed 'by thigs xtr'a omdinaryr marinage, anid all thefconse Squencos .whichi ic t mnight , e?t?{fiiil oiu-l him now th't? it was solemnized..: • My.sonl t s~iidh ]i'r?iedollect your -self. . The thing is done now, and; califlot be iundone; TieoColonoel spoke. ini te1imoskblindly itboniie OCast off-' those wild notions' of vidngeance that youi uttered- awhile ago,' he.: added, after a pause; 'theoy are fit. for none bitt fools and cowaids:i0tt utter or, to feel. : liook 'a ithait poor gsirl ther'd; THow shietremiibles! - - hlleaven andl crrthlI-I;am sorry foroler and oryoun! But she .is your; wifo: .:ndow,- at ,;a!ll events. Treat her kindly ; ler lifedis. you miay see fori' yoisffsol? ha?qg s i'??ii thiead, which one hunch Rwolrd 'foni you imay snap asunder... She. seems-a most excitable .ctreature.:;:iBe a man, and.conquedr your disificlination :tbe bb marrired to'one whomu you have never seerboefore.'" She at ltlast is innoe'nt of any ;wrnig toiwars?syou . Piosniise me too take no irtliersptep i tell you ?a?o coolee: iLGiv:e me ydurihanid •iupon 'it.. ono sliall :not repenit: your com1i plianoe- I wrill:aot as a fith? ? by you. Cone iuy son n ,y"oui:'li?n d and And~c, as` he4 spokei he held ·outhjis· own. hand to the young sergeait. .'' M:· ifontague , gave. his..hand-, fise hclameaichly to't?e?hd kind- heart?d officer,-.. ,withouit h:avin'g the smallest idea of what he had been talking:about. :;To pass in one half-hour fr;om hell .to heaviei might well have set the strongest head in a. whirl. The carrnago was brought, and, on a sign from the Commandant, Augusta was carried down-stairs by the women, and placed in it. The Colonel followed Montaguo, whoso face gave no sign as to what was passing within his mind. ' Remember, my son,' said he, ' you have given me your word of honour to be kind to this poor girl; it were uniorthy of a man to act otherwise. Her fate is hard enough, in all conscionce, .as you, must yourself admit, in being forced into unwilling arms; let it not become still harder through your fault. Be as gentle to her as you can. It has been through no fault of hers, poor creatire, that all this has come about; and you know that well onough.' . 'Is this - all really true, or do I dream ?' asked Mon-ague of himself, in complete amnazeoment, his brain in a perfect whirl, as the carriage rolled on, and he found himself alone with his pale, trembling bride, who seemed perfectly dumb with wonder and torror comnbined. 'Oh, dearest Augusta!' hlie cried, laying his hand affectionatoly and tenderly on her arm; 'if it indeed be a dream, let me dream on ! If it be an illusion of the senses, may their hoealthflul servico never more be mine! For I have indeed reached the height of my greatest ambition. All else may fight against me as it will!' A faint smile stole over Augusta's face, her hand half returned the pressure of his; and he became conscious of her reciprocal actioi; but the tears still rolled down her cheeks. The words of inquiry and amazement that trombled on her lips died away as if she weore unable to articulate them, when -the carriago suddenly stopped. They were at home-her homo now, for better or worse, for richer or poorer, till death should them part! Montague lifted her out tenderly, and carried her into the house in his arms, withl asinsmuch oeaseas if she-had been a little child. O HAPTER TX. whee tare· on bug io'n ing me ' 5¥?s? E ar.?i&' ? "T " rdi;r" 3[n'angue, Augliust; chugmg ton his arm, .and sanding cstill ?as the 3young sergeant. vcry gently attempted to lead her:on-. wards to his aparttments sueh. as thej: werte,and howaever :insuitable he 'felt them to be fort a:birde- anid the bride"'of:th''rich Mr Montritdgue's son ! ' WYhe're should I brin'g idu, bu"t to y iomy et&p;,yours, my bploved ?' ox clamed Carl; in a qiuvermg voice. ' Henceeforth ne ar ni one, my own Augusta ;:. with??t !iou ~r6wo~i' consefit, partainly. Noi cant Iyst uindeirstiid howbi "iouri umion was acomplhel, or how ~ : iby. whoma seciet I thoiglit lockiedein m!ny. inmost; heart has :been. betiayed ~ to the ·ing. One sweet assuiance alone I can cherish in my b?som nown -yoi are mine, mine for :over, .beyond- the ,reach.. of fate Nothing can:selpaate, ;not even the King who halins joined us togetldier, if he were eve, so desirous to carry out aivengeanice againist me!. Halt-ledi half-carried. by :-herh tus-, bandi ,Auusta . enithetad -Montahguo's apartment. It n as a largo 0.mid ,,airy:? oolil, fiuriished as a sergeant's .room.;is not often furnished, thoughsomewhat of a ibachieldo;t: 'ino'aacdit wasob??pivabiOle throuighout ndt wasanot; common to have ifinoe. apitrtmen?etsin Pr ussian barracks. in.those. dayjs. 5........ ... . 'Bo3oks 'iand wiiting .materials several small artfioles f diess, flowers, andi,.i :l.hets o. music, lay, on. chairs annd;tables, drawings on the floor;and shoes-and empty wine-bottles in the" windows. Suiclh was Moi?tague's otem .when ;Augusta eintered.it, atud.it-cer·tainly -seemed to her orderly minid a scene of almost inextiicable 'dicfusibn. .tb correct which 'lher: wroma?i's .itsttiict naturally impelled her. :Carl glanced smilingly tround his disotlderly s'apartment, and somb suich tliofighit passed t~hrough his own miild.: '.Alh, dearest Augusta!' said he; ' wlhen I left this room in such haste to obey. the. Commandant's order, I little thought it was-destin'ed to receive sutich an .hionoured guest.. as now consecrates. it by he1. presence; and, less. than .all, did the thought occur to me that she should enter as my wifeo'!' S! And did you really knowI notinig, befborehand of ivhat has takii- place ?' asked-l ugusta, in greatoer amanomente than over: ' Did you never, speald. td th- Coloielotel; i seimd aim?mioil or roe qupest to the "Thug h'imself? Pethaps \--ab, Herr M:fontague, confess it !- -L wnhs npt. the 'object so vehemently solicited ?' WAlda 's she6 spoke her, palssing thiouglht-her biow, and faceanid nbck: wnre covered with crimson blushes' .: .',You.a?e right, mj Anigus ,'re-.. plied Caril [smiling.,.1 would: never haveodared.to gain possessionof 6f:whdt I mbo.st .aesiiredr -on' earth; :ly"'"stidli meaiinsas those you speak of -live! I assure -?ou ihonestlyjthat I.nm in nocent .of -all-,prevlous Iinowladga, of the tiansaction ;iNoihng couid have been faitheri1 from my miind than :siuli a method of attaining this resil, li ... And thruth" was vsible int the youaio' anaeyes, ·:·.i again:,steatlin8g down liet "cheeks: 3'TherKin.g has rendered us botit iniseiable.: It waisMa'mn'sello Laura the companion of titeWiar-Councillor. lady, nhom yon sought; some people think she is pretty.' ': ., !'h . She m ybV.Yenus: heself, foran'i~yi 'thing I-klmow or:caro, said Carl. "7'" I lidve"iiof.the ho?iotr 6f khilowihti lioe Wai,-Coincilloi, his lady, 0,h.ie" comijaioi, 6i' whoev;eit his i'mim lleU Ldnura may,: be. It -'was tfrbom~the Cominandant, I first' hoard : bf this strange fancy of the Kinig's;'arid t~i sttict ordei's :he had giivii thati it shlould be carried into esecutidn:: I ihreatened to blow out my own brains if such unheard of tSyranny were poer sistod in; and I do believe I should have done it. How could I'dreoam nthe bliss that was in store for me-that you were theperson designed for me ? You were never once named to me in the whole transaction, nor did I.think of such a possibility,' added Carl, with a smile of love hovering over his lips, which now longed to touch those of his wife. S(To be Contined.) 