THE VOYAGE OF THE ANGERTOÑ.} (CONTINUED FROM TUESDAY, OCT. 4.) The ship does not provide condensed milk for adults. When marmalade is served out plum jam is cruelly omitted from the day's ration. Again passengers have to make their own mustard from the Colman flour provided them, and at the time of writing neither table napkin nor finger glasses are consider- ed essential either by the Board of Trade or the charterers. The supply of spirituous liquors is controlled by the master, and cleanliness of person and surroundings is in- sisted on, besides you are expected to learn fire drill and boat stations while on board. It will thus be seen that same little sacrifices are expected from those who rally round the standard of " Advance Australia.'' What would the average emigrant of the early " fifties " have said to bath rooms for both sexes of the down trodden steerage, the daily hot roll or bread, and the high-class library we do not know. To sum up, quite apart from the fact of their propulsion by steam power, vessels of the Angerion class have completely laid the ghost of the " hard- ships of immigrants" and people who fail baring, perhaps, a slight attack of sea-sick- ness, to have a " good time " on such a craft must be chronic, victims of advanced liver complaint. Dull and tedious ? Yes, decidedly, to those who can neither read, see, converse, or think-who know not what merry laughter is, or where the reason, or the joke, for any mortal thing comes in. All in vain for these, the changeful moods of the sea, the golden glories, of the sunsets, the glimpses of strange maine life, and still more in vain the opportunities' afforded of coming much from contact with fellow-beings with differ- ent aims and ideas from those consecrated by the great god self. But an essay on the ad- vantages of travel a la the late Lord Bacon, is not to my purpose. The Angerton left London on the 6th August, and arrived here on the 22nd Sep- tember. The leading details of the voyage will be found further on. But uneventful as that record reads, time did not pass two heavily on the passengers' hands. The Channel had not been left behind when owing to the happy inauguration of Captain Marris and Dr. Maloney, aided and abetted by Mr. Leng and the other officers, and es pecially by Mr. W. Willoughby of the West Australian Company, a series of open air concerts were given with marked success. It is true that the after deck of the Angerton boasted not a Brinsmead grand, nor the singers full orchestral accompaniment. But the sadly sweet refrain of the classic "They're not asleep," nor the vocal rendering of how Mr. Wilson fed his fathers live stock, with their " quick quacks " and baa's baa's, suf- fered little or nothing in consequence, the latter being always an encore. Regardless of the Atlantic and Indian Ocean breezes the passengers " Marched through Georgia " and with the wife fearing and belated coasting skipper earnestly entreated some " hearties " to '' send the boats ashore." The concert room was, to put it mildly very well ventilat- ed, and its acoustic properties were defective. This however did not daunt the ladies, and both Mrs. Marshall in ' The Soldiers Grave ' and Mrs. Fears in Grand-mothers Old Arm Chair, delighted the audience. A most charm- ing piece of acting was by a little actress, Editto Reeves, in her character as Bessie Jarois and her mistress-the mistress being Mrs. Fears. Mr. Willoughby, always to the fore, gave in grand style the fine old naval ballad " The Gallant Arethusa" and amused his audience by a capital rendering of the " Yarn of the Nancy Brig," that droll conception of Mr. Gilbert's, of how the " elderly naval man " proved himself to be The cook and the Captain bold, And the mate of the Nancy brig. And the bos'm tight, and the midshipmite, And the crew of the Captain's gig. Dr. Maloney was very happy in that St. James' Hall favorite 'Father O'Flynn,' Mr. Stonehewer Cooper in the peculiarly " Ser vice " balled some 160 years old, commenc- ing " Farewell and adieu all ye fair Spanish ladies" with the "We'll rant and we'll Roar " chorus, while Mr. Buanes, one of the crew, was very effective in his rendering of many songs, but specially in the Peasant Girl's Prayer. It is perhaps incorrect to say there was no full band-was there not Mr. J. Dillon with his melodeon and did not he gaily wake the marine echoes with the " Gallant Hussar " and the song of that defiant " Minstrel Boy " who damaged his harp ? When the moonlight bridged the deep with rays of burnished silver, he plaintively gave " Oft in the stilly night " and then ruthlessly abandoning the dreamy past would refer to a certain political qnestion by " Wearin' of the Green." There was also a fiddle, and when Mr. Reilly struck up " When the wind that shakes the barley," not even the " long wash of Australasian seas " conld restrain the ardour of the experts in the Irish jig, and right merrily they played* their feet, while the lazy Saxon looked ad- miringly on, and speculated on the large a- mount of India rubber served out by Dame Nature to her children. When gentlemen of the 'thorough' type like Messrs. Willoughby and Evans take a thing in hand it is almost a certainy to prove a great success, and so it was that the Anger ton athletic sports were worthier of much longer notice than these columns can afford. Viewed from the passengers' standard, how tame were those exhibitions at Lillie Bridge, or similar performances at the Temperance Festival at Newcastle Town Moor! The time-honoured fun of the sack and three-leg- ged races (the shade of human dignity was around the corner when these were invented) were thoroughly enjoyed. But the obstacles of the " Obstacle " race were surprised in deed. Crawling through windsails gener- ously and even effusively provided with flour, as a kind of lubricant after getting over ropes placed at awkward and forbidding heights was part of the pastime, success in which would, we should think, qualify anyone for being a gymnastic instructor or practical drain inspector. Messrs. W. Parr and W. Smart were the victors. But the honorary struggle, and that which caused the wiliest excitement, was between the doctor and the chief officer, the latter leading by an inch or so, but both managed to secure an equal quantity of bread-making material. There were potato and spoon races, races for men, women and children. Competitors wore numerous and eager, and, whether win- ners or not, sound was their sleep that night. Santa Claus managed to get a free passage by the Angerton, and through the instrumental- ity of Dr. Maloney made a welcome distribu tion of sweets and toys to the little ones-a sight good for kind eyes to witness. They overdid the thing, however, in what was called the " distribution " among the single men. Fierce raged the battle down the fore hatch over the toothsome goody, or the soul inspiring comfit, crushed was the tin-box, out went the sweeties and few there were that found them. We have mentioned a library. This was put on board by the West Australian Land Company, in charge of Mr. Willoughby, who in fact throughout the voyage was unceasing in his efforts to advance the comforts of the passengers, a large majority of whom were proceeding to the colony in connection with the company's service. A plentiful supply of illustrated newspapers, including a regular budget of the ever popular Tit Bits, and some of them with the books will form the nucleus of a library for the company's employes at Albany. In this literary labour of love, Mr. Willoughby was assisted by Mr. Stonehewer Cooper, a well-known London journalist and author who may remain in Western Austra- lia for some little time. Mr. Stonehewer Cooper's travels in Polynesia were given to the world in "Coral Lands" (Bentley), an exhaustive work originally in two volumes, and which has run through several editions. Besides other works on Fiji and the Pacific Mr. Stonehewer Cooper's more recent books have been the Highlands of Cantabria (North- ern Spain) and the "Year Book of New Zealand "-both published by Messrs. Samp- son, Low & Co. A confirmed globe trotter, Mr. Cooper is no stranger to Australia, and some years ago visited this colony. In this regard we may mention that Mr. Stonehewer Cooper was the cause of sending Abd-el-Kader (Mr. James Curtis) as private messenger to General Gordon at Khartoum. The private despatches were duly delivered, and Mr. Cooper received the special thanks of Miss Gordon and others, but his friend and fellow traveller in the East, poor Curtis, was murdered in the Soudan, The letters by Abd-el-Kader were the only ones General Gordon received during the last months of his beleagurement at Khartoum, Another passenger per Angerton, but in a somewhat less degree, has had his name prominently before the English speaking public. I refer to Sergt. Major Riley, R.A., already mentioned, who while engaged on ac- tive service in the Honduras campaign of 1806-7 was bitten severely by the deadly cobra. In these cases recovery is always re- garded as hopeless, but in Sergt. Riley's case, which is well known to the profession, a ser ies of masterly operations including the " plastic one " of removing flesh from the forehead and so forming an artificially con- structed nose, were in the end successful and the gallant sufferer restored to his usual health, a living triumph of surgery. The great novelist, the late Charles Dickens, wrote an article shortly before his death on Sergt. Riley's case in 'All the Year Round.' I may at no distant date reproduce its apa lient features here, for which detail I am in- debted to the Sergeant himself. It has been well said of states that they are truly blessed who have no history, and it is a patent fact from, the sensational and blood-curdling standpoint, little or nothing can be made of the voyage of the Angerton. But, says the home and colonial critic, " very good, very comfortable, very instructive, very jolly, but in my younger days, when I went a voyage, and it was "in the gloaming" and the soft lights, etc., etc. ; there was music in hearts as woll as the cadence of the sea. Life's young dream did not in my time con- sist of an eternal glorification of rations, or the cleanliness of bunks." Yes, we know all about it. Love doubtless has its victories ; it has them all the time. But the shadowy alcoves formed by the awning oft cannot be put on the witness stand, and even the Swan River moonlight is an open and avowed con- spiracy of silence with its twin brother of those nights near El Oran Canaria. Nature and inanimate objects being useless to the journalist, whither shall he turn for informa- tion, for of himself he knoweth nothing. To the passengers ? Fool if he trusted them, for, wise in their generation, they would tell him but little, and that little would be-not time. Tomato sauce was a damning item against Mr. Pickwick in his trial, and " cur- rant cakes with kissing crust" may yet become historical through the prosaic medium of the Angerton. Having, therefore, no history to speak of, the course of the Angerton in her rapid and remarkably smooth passage should have been blessed indeed, and if the follow- ing documents mean anything they allege that fact ; but they spake for themselves. To CAPTAIN H. MARRIS, Commander, and officers of the s.s. Angerton. DEAR SIR, We, the undersigned, on behalf of the passengers per s.s. Angerton desire before separating at Fremantle to express our high sense of the courteous kindliness which has so eminently distinguished yourself and officers on the voyage from London to this port ; and also to thank you sincerely for the faithful care with which you have safeguarded the important interests intrusted to you. The grateful esteem in which you are held by all of us will be in itself a pleasant recol- lection of our voyage with you and we all hope that in the course of the long and useful life, which we pray God may still be before you, you may bear the foregoing in some little mind, as truly expressive of the thoughts of your passengers per Angerton on their arrival in Western Australia. Your faithful servants. To-DR. WILLIAM MALONEY, M.R.C.S., &c;, &c.; s.s. Angerton. DEAR SIR,-On behalf of the passengers per Angerton, before leaving on their various ways at Fremantle, we, the undersigned, have the greatest pleasure in placing on record the high feeling of gratitude which, without ex- ception, pervades us all for your unvarying kindness and ceaseless devotion to us during the voyage. These thanks have especial reference to your thoughtful care of the women and chil- dren and for your skilful treatment ef the cases which have been dealt with so success- fully by you. The enthusiasm with which you inaugurated such amusemements as have been possible with us, and generally the kind- ly spirit you have displayed under all circum- stances, will be ever fresh in our memories. It is animated by these feelings that we commend your future to God's holy keeping and pray Him that it may be as you yourself would desire, useful, honourable, and happy. Your faithful Servants The addresses were formally presented to the captain and doctor at a public meeting of the passengers held on the poop. In a few well-chosen words Mr. Willoughby stated the pleasant object which brought them together, and Mr. Stonehewer Cooper read both docu- ments and handed them to Capt. Morris and Dr. Maloney, who responded in suitable terms -both gentlemen urging his hearers in their enthusiasm for the new never to forget their devotion to the old land which gave them birth. Mr. Lang then thanked all present on behalf of the officers. Three hearty cheers were then given for the captain, doctor and officers, and an extra round for ever popular and prominent Mr. Crawford, the chief en gineer. The ladies were not forgotten inas- much as cheers were heartily given for Mrs. Morris and Mrs. Crawford, while the Mrs. Maloney of the speedy future was also hail- ed in regular British style. Dr. Maloney is well known as being in the Colonial Bank at Melbourne for some years, but that sphere of live he did not find to suit him, and he graduated at Melbourne Univer- sity. Proceeding to London, he was attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where he held every appointment that could be held by a student, ending up with the responsible position of house surgeon in charge of the Obstetric Department. He also obtained the appoint- ment of house surgeon of the Lock Hospital, and other important positions. The Doctor has been a great traveller in Europe, notably in Spain, France, and Norway, and it is his intention to settle in Melbourne, where, if we are to judge of his future by his success in London, it will be brilliant indeed. Shortly before leaving England, Dr. Maloney received a letter from the great art critic, Mr. John Ruskin, speaking in the highest terms of a new kind of decoration of a peculiar charac- ter, the invention of the Doctor, and which, save to a favored few, is at the present a secret. LIST OP PASSENGERS. Frederick Beasley, John Barker, James Buckley, John Cook, Mary Ann Cook, Law- rence Conolly, Robert Cook, John Carr, Edwin Cripps, Joseph Denton, Ann E. Denton. Emily A. Denton, Bernard Doyle, Annie Doyle, John Davis, Mary Davis, John Davis, Hannah Davis, William Davis, Michael Davis, John W. Dobson, Thomas Davison, Perdy Day, Sydney Day, Jeremiah Dillon, Michael Dillon, Jeremiah Driscoll, William Tears, Edith Tears, Benjamin Groat, William Greene, Thomas Heffernan, Johanna Heffernan, Patrick Heffernan, Charles H. Hertel, Rose H. Hertel, Reginald H. Hertel, Annie Howard, Edward Hauton, Thomas Hanton, William Harris, David Hutchinson, Job. Hall, George Harding, Michael Kerr, Samuel Longford, Priscilla Longford, Thomas Longford, Jane Longford, Edwin Lane, Kate Lane, John Murphy, Kata Marphy, Nano Murphy, Ellen Murphy, Inlid Murphy, Bridget Murphy, Charles Marshall, Ellen M. Marshall, Lilly Marshall, Florence E. Marshall, Charles J. Marshall, George T. Mills.Dennis Monaghan, Steel Meeke, Michiel McElligott, James Maher, John Marshall, Luke Moore, Daniel Morrisey, Robert Nicholson, Christopher Osborn, William Parr, Patrick Quirk, William Reeve, Sarah Reeve, Henrretta Reeve, Edith Reeve, Edward Reilly, John Reilly, Mathew Ryan, Henry R. Russell, John Simpson, Caroline Simpson, Matthew Southern, Isabella Southern. Mary A. Southern, Ada J. Southern, James R. Southern, Robert R. Stockport, Mary J. Stockport, George Smart, Thomas Scully, Thomas Scott, George Thomas, Eliza- beth Thomas, Richard Thomas, Mary A. Thomas, Charles Thomas, George Thomas, William Thomas, Francis Thomas, William Tatham, John Williams, Martha Williams, David Williams, John Wilson, Esther Wilson. Simon Wilson, Herbert Wilson, Emily Wilson, Edward C. Wharton, Elizabeth F. Wharton, Thomas G. Wharton, Mary I. Wharton, John Walters, Robert Wood, Thomas Winsor, Joseph Young. 