(BY A MOUNTAINEER.) Matters got somewhat mixed up at the Co- operative Society's tea meeting on Wednesday evening. When the seats were all filled, the President rose and made the following remarks : — "Well, ladies and gentlemen, we had better commence the proceedings by singing grace - Praise God from whom all blossings flow, praise Him all creatures here below ; praise Him above ye heavenly host, praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Some of the company, however, who thought it rather too bad a thing to announce the Doxology before they had even commenced an onslaught on the tea, and fearing that the Presi- dent would bring things to a climax by proceed- ing to pronounce the Benediction, lustily swelled the chorus, "Be present at our table, Lord," etc., and on reaching the end of the stanza flopped down and went for the creature comforts with avidity, as much as to say, "you don't get rid of us until we ship a ton or two, or at least get the value of our money." And as those were in a considerable majority, they carried the day, and Doxology notwithstanding made small work of the sandwiches and cake. Whether the Society's officers were anxious to come the double over their patrons or not, or whether the mistake was due to an oversight, did not appear quite clear. It is understood, however, that all the churches at Keira are anxious to secure the services of the Co-operative Society's president as class-leader —a position which he appears well qualified to fill. A rumour was current here on Thursday that the pit was laid idle on that day because it was the "jubilee" of the president of the Mount Keira Lodge of the Illawarra Miners' Association, who also occupies the position of President of the Co-operative Society. Whether such was the case I cannot say, but it is a fact that the colliery was laid idle that, day, much to the surprise of the great majority of miners, who did not ask the manager that such should be done. Some few people who were in the secret explained the circnmstanco as being duo to tho fact that tho Co operative Society were having a ball on Wednes day night as part of the fostivitios in connection with the opening of the new storo, and that a cortain person wholly unauthorized took it upon himself to ask Mr. MacCabo to lay tho pit idlo .011 Thursday. If this bo tho truth, it seems al together absurd that becauso half-a-dozen or a dozen follows want to have an all-night, danco, the scores of men who don't dance should lose a d(j.y. And this, '.in fine weather 'and with 'a' steiuiier waiting for a cargo. Surely misrepresen tations must have heon to Mr. MacCabe, or he would not have consented to the infliction of such a hardship npnu the bulk of his omployds as tho loss of a day's work and pay for 110 just and ap parent. reason. 