THOUGHTS BY THE WAY; Wo fail to realize the ideals which we hod set beforo us for tlio pursuit of our later life, bccausu tho world around us is always changing. It is a common but impure and dangerous motive to seek personal promotion through dovotion.to a good cause. If springs from want of simplicity and uulty of purpose. Ho is a happy tnau who, when he lies down to rest, f giari ty tiiHil: of his awakeuiug again iu tho morning. : God is gracious In lotting us grow old, for there are many lessons which age alono can teach. Wo havo mado a great step forward if wo havo got so far as to consider even our warmest wiulictt as of no importance, and have laiil them quietly in the grave. Christ came uos to soparato tho religious and tho sociilar, but to mako evory duty a religious service. To bo vonal in no venal fault ; no priao which can bo weighed in gold can pay a man for ono ounco of his manliness. Sorrow itself is not hard to boar as tlio thought of sorrow coming. Airy ghosts that work no harm, dqj-errify us more than men in Hteol with moody purposes. Tea ibid yourself refreshed by tho proscnco of cheerful people Why uot mako earnest offort to confor tliat ploafluro on others ? Tho following paragraphs ore iroti? S work recently translated from tho Gorman entitled "Still Hours." Tho author, Richard Rothe, was an eminent preacher and theologian, aud for somo yoars was professor iu tho Thcologicat Sominary of Wittonburg, and towards tho close of his lifo professor at Heidelberg. Tlio volumo has been translated by Jane T. Stoddart, and forms part of n series of volumes entitled The Foreign Biblical Library now in course of publication by Messrs Hoddor and Stnughton of London. Even in the deepest povorty of tho present, our wealth consists in this, -that whatever wo havo oxporionccd in tho past is not lost, but has remained our own. Tho fault of our age, as regards religion, is not eo much that it is on the wrong track, aB that it does nob khow that it is on tho right one. Is impartiality a thing that may bo ac quired? A view on all sides can be had only, from tho toy of tho mountain ) but we may ' climb up and gain it.- 