Australian Tales and Adventures. Ko Stv- — C Continued.) A RACE FOR LIFE. + By R. P- Whitwoith. CHAPTER IV. what dice nugent did. As I have already said, Dick Nugent was an oifieer in the now defunct Cape Mounted Rifles, and that, after the disbandmentof that gallant corns, he came out to Australia. So he did. But there remains between Grahams' Town at the Cape, and Australia, a hiatus of two years to be filled up, and this is the very mystery, a mystery about which you could very rarely get Dick to say anything, for he was as modest as he was brave, and hiB gallant deeds, although recorded in the regi mental orders of the day, were seldom, if ever, alluded to by himself. The fact is that Diek, daring the two years referred to, had been in New Zealand, where he had done good service with the troops under the eommand of the gallant and lamented Von Tempsky. Diok was as dash ing a light dragoon as ever wielded a sabre, or wore a forage cap on three hairs, and soon BttiftOiiCd tne BttsotiOD ox nis di&vB; looucrj uy whom he was signalled out for any deed re quiring special smartness and daring. It was indeed a perilous time. The hill tribeB of Maoris, under the astute Tamatl unga Manu, and the ferocious Patarika his brother, had descended from the slopeB. and fastnesses of Tongariro, Ruapehn, and Kahitapanua, and. had descended, breathing bloodiand «J«"8llter on-ita-ycauerui settlements ot Kakaramea. and the P»to(» itiTci-r"ana haa joined tne Fariatea natives nnder "the prophet" Te Whiti in what they looked npon as a holy war against British rule. The Maori is a strange compound of cunn ing, ferocity, cupidity, and generosity. Faith ful ss a friend, he is equally treacherous as an enemy, and in his anger knows neither pity nor remorse. Instigated thereto by the fanatical leaders named, the wild savages of the interior eame down in thousands to sweep the detested "Pakeh&B;" from the face of the land, &nd; it was to stay this torrent of human passion, to drive back tbis avalanche of cruelty and rapine that Von Tempsky and his gallant band bad penetrated so far inland as the Upper Wanganui river, the very thres hold of the Maori territory. They had been tolerably successful in repelling the advance of the savages, and had, at all events, contrived to keep the lower settlements free from attack, but, although the danger was in a great measure ignored and pooh-poohed' at head quarters by the military authorities at a safe distance in Wellington, still those who knew the Maori character best, saw that this was but the smouldering of the fire that should presently burst forth like the sleeping volcano of Tongariro in the distance, and overwhelm the land in ruin and dismay. Von Tempsky's troops were stationed at a block house in a clearing on the edge of a clump of bush, which though tolerably open on its outskirts, grew gradually more dense inland, until at a mile or so from the camp it was almost totally impassable. To the North and West of the encampment the country was more open, and was dotted with numerous clearings and patches of cultivated land, the homesteads of well to do settlers, who were anxiously waiting the current of events, not knowing one day from andther when the terrible Maoris might spread deso lation in their midst. Diok Nugent and three others had been for more than a week detached from the main body on outpost duty, as an advance picket or soouting party. They were stationed about fourmilesfrom ths camp and occupied qnarters at the farm of one of the oat-settlers. Every thing was quiet, and although rumors were rife that the Maoris were rising in this or that direction, nothing definite conld be seen or heard of the wily foe. Still there was a portent of trouble in the very air, and the Bilence and stillness was like that before a thunder-storm. The storm was, alas, to come too soon. One fine morning in February Dick, who was in charge of _ the picket, divided bis men into two parties with the object of paying a visit to two outlook spots which commanded a view of the surrounding country. There were two not very lofty bills cloEe to the edge of a belt of forest, which stretched away to the lofty .ranges to the east ward. It was the custom of the two partieB after visiting these outlooks tomeet half-way between them, and then to visit a ford in the river a mile or so farther on. Dick and his comrade had visited their station, and perceiving no cause for alarm, had passed along to the meeting place to join the other party, But no one appeared. They waited until, becoming alarmed at the un wonted delay, they advanced slowly and cautiously along the track. It was very strange. The conntry round wa9 silent as the grave. Not a sight nor a sonnd that conld betoken the presence of an enemy, and yet they felt a singular premonition of impending danger and disaster. Had the beginning of the end then arrived? The question was speedily answered, for, nearing the foot of the bill, Dick, who was in advance, suddenly dropped on his knees behind a bnsh, signing to his companion to do the same, as he per- oeived something moving through the bashes ahead. It was as he half thought, a party of Maori warriors, tatooed and painted, stealing on the silent lope which characterises their march. The terrible war dance had been performed, the war eanoe had been launched on lake Rotorura, "and they had come forth from their fastnesses . breathing war and thirsting for slaughter, headed by the ferocious and bloodthirsty fanatic Patarika Nga Mann himself, than whom any one more diabolical in aspect or in character, it was impossible to conceive. Too well they knew what had happened ; the demon band, themselves con cealed in the bnsh had seen th9 poor fellows unconscious of danger on the summit of the hill, and had stolen round and slaughtered them with the murderous meri. Dick and his companion had barely time to sink out of sight in the thick fern and undergrowth that skirted the road when they 507' same into fall view. Led by t&e; gigantio Patarika, a very Hercules in size and strength whose patn still reeked with the blood of the troopers, tbey passed stealthily and rapidly along the track in the direotion of the other hill, evidently knowing the habits oik he ! scouts, who had in all probability been watched, and intending to murder them like wise and to make a raid on the settlers round before the main body of troops shonld bear of it. The Maoris pasBed as silently as ghosts, they numbered about fifty, and were all fully armed and equipped with native weapons, and a few having fire arms. No time was to be lost. The Maoris would soon discover the escape of their intended vic tims, and would either search the bush for them, or what was more likely, make straight for the farm, and murder every soul, man, woman, and child, in it. Partly orawling therefore, partly running through the masses of dense undergrowth, the two troopers made a bee line for the bouse. Rut ere thay reached it they had h&lf; a mile of open country to cross, and before they had left the forest they heard the yell of disappointment from the Maoris at finding their victims gone. Dick well knew that their wonderful instinct for tracking would soon send them in hot pursuit, and he therefore urged his compan ion forward with all the speed he could. But the young fellow had neither the wind nor endurance Diok had, and soon began to lag behind. In vain Dick spurred him on, for his strength failed him, and at last, just as they reached the open, and after a last effort, he tripped over a root, fell prone on the earth, and at the same time sprained his ankle. " Put a bullet through my head, Diok, and leave me," said the poor fellow, in mortal anguish. " Yes, and through my own at the same time. No Bob, not yet, While there's life there's hope, I'll drop a few of 'em at any rate, and If they dp catoh us, I'll Bave tbe last two shots for you and myself.", "Yes Dick, but I can't even walk, and they have guns." " Bah, guns, why they couldn't hit a hay- etacb," and so saying he Blung -his comrade over his broad shoulders,- and set off again at a rapid pace. Bat he had barely got half way over the open flat when the Maoris burst from tbe covert, with a loud yell of delight at seeing their quarry so near them, while he re doubled his efforts to reach the house. It was indeed a race for life, and he was too heavily handicapped to have much cbnnce. Nevertheless he struggled bravely on, nerved to desperation by tbe savage yells and taunts behind him. Of the Maoris, one, a famous runner, had for outstripped the others, and was rapidly gaining on him, intending, when within dis tance, to hurl his spear at tbe flying foe. But Diek knew better than that. Stopping snridnnlv short, when his comrade told him the Maori was within revolver range, he turned, took a quiok aim at his advancing enemy, fired, and the savage, bounding for ward, fell on his face coughing np blood, with a ballet through his chest. But this short pause had, of course, given the pur- saerfl«<"»<» "vantage, although the one or two who had the lead did not seem at ell anxious to keep up that honorable diatino- — tion. xet tbej Jia not abate their pace, and rapidly gained on him, as with his load his travelling was necessarily slow. Nearer and nearer the enemy, and nearer and nearer the house. . Would he reaoh it. The white faccB at the window were those of the settler's wife and daughter, while at the door, and ready to close it behind the sorely beset man, stood ths settler and his son. Would he ever win that friendly door ? A ' few steps more. He falters, staggers, palls himself together for a last effort, and fairly . falls through the open doorway into the middle of the apartment as a spear quivers in tbe door. Thank heaven I Quick rifles, crack, crack, two streams of fire, two puff3 of smoke, and two more of the savages bite the dust. Aye, yell, and scream, aud blaspheme in the language of Mania, oh redoubtable Patarika nga Mann, but keep out of the reach of those venomous looking rifle barrels, or your Rau- gatiraship is sped. Of the gallant defence of the homestead by that little band until warned by tbe signal smoke agreed on, the main body of troops came np, and forced tbe Maoris baok into tho bush, who, having been in that part of the conntry, haa not heard, and who gained suoh honour both at head-quarters, and from his commander? He having held the ferooious — . A—— Ikmm nni) AAA.tnAA «Y1«vVl lllfl 1lf/l kfl DtaYt»t£co Hb Uttjff BLiu oouucu watiiA uw something little short of a miracle, was looked upon as a kind of hero, and although he never talked about this feat of his, still his reputa tion clung to him, and, as a matter of course, made him a favourite with the ladieB, even had his natural good humor and gaiety of heart not done so already. CHAPTER V. what came of IT. But there were other symptoms of leva making in oar little party, and despite the watchfulness of Miss Forsyth, and although I laid a strict injunction on every one not to stray out of sight of the oamping ground, under pain of being lost in that dense bush, still, when the baskets had been opened, and tbe good. things therein discussed, all my care and watohfulness could not prevent the yonng folks straying off in pairs, professedly in seazoh of ferns, bush flowers, or what not. Indeed, when lulled by the endless mur mur of tbe waterfall, andv' soothed by the narcotio influences of the post prandial pipe, Mr Forsyth and myself dropped off into that sweetest of all slumbers, the siesta by the eamp fire, our flock wandered away alto gether, Diok and Kate, of course, Tom Lip- pincott and Laura, and even the stately " Duchess," Miss Nugent, had been led away into the trifling pnisuit of fern gathering in the dense undergrowth by the "newspaper chap." % " Cooey " soon brought the stragglers back to camp however, and after a billy of tea, and the remnants of the main feast had been disposed of, we retraced oar steps along the blazed track throngh the obscure forest, hot, foot-sore, weary, dusty, dirty and ragged enough in all conscience, bat merry as crickets, and anticipating a refreshing dip in the briny on our arrival " home." Ah me I twelve months have passed and gone since that pleasant picnio in the grand Otway Ranges, but in twelve months have many ohanges, been brought about, notleast of all, I fancy, or perhaps in a great measure by tbe exertions of my dear old wife, who is a most inveterate match maker. Dick and Kate are insrrled, so are Tom Lippincott and I aura, tbe wedding of Jack Thompson and the haughty Glara Nugent is on the tapis, and Pierce Vansittart called on me no longer since than yesterday, to ask my counsel in a delicate matter, in which a certain Miss Emma Ross, now in Hobartown, but with whom he has been for some time in corres pondence, was concerned. Old Forsyth and myself meet occasionally, for he Bpends more of his time, in Yietoria than formerly, now his girls are married, and as the new year approaches, Mrs Bonrke Collins begins to throw ont mysterious hints about the sea-side, and to compare the relative merits and expense of Qaeenscliff, Portsca, Lome and other plaoes, all of which I pretend either not to hear or not to under stand, but which I know fall well portends a visit to one or other of those plaCes so favourable to her favorite pastime of matoh- making. - 