SHAKSPEARE'S BIRTHDAY- Bv Demob. Shakspcara was christened nfc Stratford Church on 2(»th April, 1504, and tho critics all agree that it is more likely ho was born on 23rd April than on any othor day, whoroforo tliiii, St. George's day, is honored for thu birth bf Shakspeare. Ho lived only 02 years, and tiled on tho very day that Cromwell signed his name on tho books as h student ontoring Cambridge University. Shakspcaro's death, in 1610, was on his birthday, as wo accept It, ho that this is tho anniversary of Shakspearo's 'death ten. His last play is believed to lmvo been the Tempest, where ho figured himself as ,Vrosi>cro— Deeper timu ever plummet sounded, — I'll tlrown my book. Wo do lovo this work, clinging to such n Jirnfouml significance, Slinkspearo bidding art-well to liis magic art, by which ho lias called forth tho spiritH at his bidding, and ftwixt earth and lleaven set rattling war ! AVo have two striking colored engravings. Due depicts Shnkspeuro reading Midsummer Night's Dream before Queen Elizabeth and iior Court, on a sunshiny- afternoon in 1598, and the otherdenlcts him enacting, 'withBurbago, a Vceiie from Hainlot, before King James and ills Court, sotnoyeura later. Bub Shakspearo was not ii great actor. Ho played the Ghost iu Hamlet, bursting through tho tapestry upon tho astonished vision of tlio iVuice, im personated by Burbago, in that grand chamber scene with tho Queen, which is the very climax of tlio British acting drama. '! —Do not forget, toils visitation is but to whet thy almost blunted I purpose. lint see, amazement on thy mother . ,Oh 1 step between her and her lighting soul, Speak to her, Hamlet. ; Shnk&tiearc;, tho Glory of English Literature, swab a player, amino was Moliere, transcendent in tho literature of Franco. Yot every pngo |bf Slmksicaro is steeped in knowlodgo of books, as well as of mon, his unparalleled gonitis availing Itself of every resourco, so that it is lincorraoct to speak of him as warbling his piativo wood-notes wild. Ho was a student, dike lingo and Schiller, nS well as a man of affairs. Amid his 30 plays, Hazlitt gives tho Airefcrenco to King Lear, butt Uio Prince pf Denmark is oiishriucd deepest in our hearts. Perhaps Coleridgo and Bohlegel inclino to Mftcbutu, and what a work is this— enough for a lifetime I Hoywood, wlto edited Sinks- Ipcaru's muuuscrlpts, said thoy went on and on without a word being blotted one or nltorod, such was tho overwiichuing fccnudity of his genius. £ Tlio Mighty Master conquers tho World. 'Edwin Booth lately acted Lear uiul Hamlet iu Berlin, using tlio English language, while .Ophelia, tho King, Queen, and tlio rest spoke German, nutl vet his success was immense. Mounot-Sully's Hamlet, in French, has been .the recent roigning attraction of Paris, at tho iTheatro Francais. In MolUourno there is tho ( vccollectionof JirooWs Othello, and does nob \ihat sonorous voico yot ring through tho cells j)f many memories ? V Then O Farewell the tranquil mind ! Mont gomery's Hamlet, Sullivan's Richard III, Sheridan's Lear, Rignold's Henry V, and Cali ban— especially— may ho signalised amid a 'myriad of recollections. But it is iu tlio thea tre of thu mi ml, when \vo aro atone, with tho book, that Shakespeare burnishes out. i. Tho Poet's eye. In tlno frenzy rolling, Gluuccs froiu lleaven to Earth, from Earth to \- Heaven, And gives to Airy Nothing -£>- i A local habitation and a home. 