FICTION. j -:0: From Eoftllibt Aiutrlc&Ut; and Other Periodical«. THE SECRET CHAMBERS. CHARTER LV. WHAT NEWS THE TArER BBOUOET. Mr. Augustus Merriani was not what might be called a superstitious man, but we must all admit that it was somewhat trying to the strongest nerves to seo appear before one's face the form and countenance of a person once known to be dead. Mr. Merriam for the moment entirely forgot that he was sick, that he had for a week been conjuring the steward and eveiybody else to throw him over- board to save him from any more suffering, and he sprang to his feet and gave utterance to a cry which reached the sailors at the other end of the deck. And when he had explained the cause of his excitement, and told briefly the history of Lena Dudley, the sailors drew together and talked the matter over in awe-stricken whispers, and told each other that the whole thing boded no good to the Royal May. Even the captain, who was, in the main, a level-headed man, was visibly affected by the strange story, and repeated it to Woodbury, who made no comment on it beyond the general remark that sailors were superstitious fellows, and it was not worth while to put much dependence in / their stories. But it made Woodbury realize that greater .watchfulness was necessary in the case oí poor Lena, and it seemed as if it would bo neeassary for her to keep below for the rest »f the voyage. As if to justify the assertion of the sailors that the appearance of the " ghost*" as iliey called it, .was an omen of ill, the storm/which had tem- porarily lulled, took a new lease of life ; the wind rose, and the hapless ship was tossed about com- pletely at the mercy of the elements. It soon hecame evident that the »trained timbers could not stand the pressure much longer, and when it was announced one morning, on sounding the pumps, « that there was a leak no one was «irprised. |"*i The sailors heard the ill tidings with calmness men who go down to the sea in ships learn to be calm when danger threatens-but Arthur Wood bury's heart sank, and for the moment he thought that, 2iorhaps, the favour of Heaven was not for him and his poor wife. And yet he felt justified in the course he had taken. He went below and spoke to Lena about it. , She heard liini quietly, and said, without a tremor of fear in her voice : "If the worst comos, Arthur, wo shall die together, and our trials shall be ended. It will be perhaps, the best way out of the difficulty. And it .would be very hard to always go on and carry out tlvis deception." . ? , ' Her husband took her up in his arms and kissed" / her fondly. '* My darling," lie said, " life has been very hard for you and rae, but will not give up hope. After au it may be that better luck will dawn." All night long the Royal May laboured, and her crew with her, against destruction; but when morning dawned it was found that the water in tne hold was steadily gaining, and it was known that during the next twelve hours the vessel must go to the bottom. Ju3t as Captain Dije had announced the news, and every face had grown pale and solemn, the lookout sang out, clear and hearty : " Steamer astern !" , Every eye was turned in the direction indicated by the Bweep of the glass in the captain's hand, and they saw a huge steamer bearing down upon them before the wind. Signals of distress had been flying from the masts of the Royal May for some time, . and the stranger had evidently seen them and was coming to the rescue. In a couple of hours the steamer was near enough to hail Captain Dix, and then those on board the Royal May learned that the steamer was homeward bound from Australia to New York, and that their only chance of life was to be taken on board her and carried back to their starting-point. Anything is better than death, and the passengers and crew of the Royal May were glad of any chance which promised them safety. The storm was abating, and the steamer was soon able to take out a boat to take off the first load of the unfortunate vessel's passengers. Lena and Mr. Woodbury were among them. "When it was known that in order to save their lives they must submit to be taken back to New York, to run again the risks they had thought and hoped were all over, there had been a few brief words spoken between the young couple", and Lena had been the one to offer hope and comfort. " Do not despair," she said, cheerfully something tells me that all will yet be well." And then she submitted to be transferred to the steamer's boat. T,yo hours after all the living freight had been sa\ed the Royal May plunged head foremost into -. tlie~wething waves, and sank from sight forever. Thg Clytie was the name of the steamer which had taken the Royal May's passengers and crew on hoard, and everything' was done by her officers for the convenience of the unfortunates. The Captain gave the use of his own state-room to Lena and under the plea of continued illness, the girl remained constantly secluded. One day the Clytie appke an outward bound steamer, and the captain sent out a boat and got some United States papers. j After looking them «ver he distributed them aroonç the officers, and Mr. Merrium who by this time had in some-measure recovered his equilibrium .of mind and body, picked up a New York daily. Of course it waa several days old, but when one has heard no news for two months' the difference of A few days, or weeks, in the date of a paper is not c -of very vital moment to him. 1 ' Merriain went eagerly through the locals, and then he turned to the general news. Arthur Wood- bury atood near bim leaning over the rail, looking out tq sea, his mind too completely absorbed in his own life problem to care for anything else, even though it was news from home. Suddenly an exclamation from Merriain startled him. >* " By Jove, it is better than a novel. What a pityi the girl died. If she only could have lived wouldn't it have been splendid. I suy, Woodbury, you'll forgive me for speaking of it-but-but-well, I'm dashed if I hadn't clean forgotten that you were her husband." Woodbury turned excitedly toward him. His cheek was crimson, and his eyes bright with fever- ish anxiety. . "What are you saying? What do you mean?" he asked, wildly. " It is all discovered. Lena Dudley never killed the scamp. His lunatic wife did it. It is all made j clear. Oh, if she had only lived." I Woodbury snatched the paper from Merriam's j hands, and tried to read, but the letters were one I lîlurred mass-he oould make no sense of anything, j His head felt strained and giddy, and he clutched < his friend's arm for support. I " Don't faint, old fellow," said Meriam. "In know its deuced overcoming, and all that, but surely you. would rather that the world should know she was innocent." Woodbury's scattered senses returned. He took the paper, and read the account of Agnes Trow bridge's confession, together with the circumstances attending it, to the end. He read the deeply ex- pressed regrets, in the elaborate editorial, that Lena Dudley could not have lived to see her/ innocence proven-he read the sharp strictures X1 the course of the Governor, and the affMr"S account of how the news had been told to t>" un" fortunate girl's father and brother. . f He got up, and walked unsteadily ay itoxa. his friend. In this moment of supreme io^~a i°y 8ucn as it is not given many of us everton» and which could como only through the exß/011'06 of a deeP and continued sorrow, he wani/to be alone with his^od. And only the One/^0 wes 'the inmoât workings of all hearts cou» understand the deep thankfulness whioliswepd in Arthur "Woodbury's breast, that hia-wife, life beloved L'ena, could now step forth f rçJÈtiio s¿adow of all deceit and mystery j and begin tímve}icr sweet, new life beyond the eyes of aP^e world, unquestioned and unsuspected. Meroyn understood the feeling which prompted his)£^nd to move away from him, but he did not I ¿BOW that it was deepest joy, instead of profoundest regret, which stirred in the strong man's bosom, when, with white face and unsteady step, he passed him on his way below. " I will talk with you directly," he said, as he went by ; "I have an explanation to make." " And you know that you have my sympathy," said Merriam, and he gazed after Woodbury with a puzzled face, as he added, " but I'll be hanged if I ever saw a man look so happy in my life ! Ho must have been hard hit on the girl, to be so glad that everybody will know that she was innocent. It's a pity she could not have lived, though." Arthur Woodbury went below and sought Lena. He took her into his arms, and spoke to her in a voice which he tried very hard to make calm and even, but there was something in his face that drew her attention and made her heart stand still. " Lena," he said, " you have borne trouble bravely-can you bear joy as well ? Can you bear to hear that the sweetest and best gift which life could possibly bring you is ready for your accopt tance ?" " Doyou mean to tell me that at last my innocence has been made manifest ? Do you, Arthur ?" " I do ! Lena, "vhen this noble Clytie touches her wharf in Ne^v 'York city, you can walk forth un- ' veiled, and in broad daylight, and no man can. say you nay. You aro free from the law for all the world knows that Albert Trowbridge was killed by his own wife!" Then, little by little, he told her the story, reading from the paper occasionally to make his meaning clearer, and Lena listened like one in a blissful dream, too happy to speak, too con- tented to wonder over anything. And when her husband reached the point where the reporter gave a glowing description of the delight of her father and btother when the news was made known to them, Lena dropped her face bn her husband's shoulder and sobbed out her gratitude to God, who had brought them all safely through such great sorrow to such perfect joy. Later on, when Augustus Merriam heard the whole story, and rose before the passengers and the Clytie's crew and told it in his most approved manner, the loud cheers of the sailors and the warm congratulations of the passengers put the captain in mind that he must do something by way of cele- bration, and he hoisted the flag at the mast-head, and ho ordered the cook to get up such a dinner as had never yet adorned the mess-table of the Clytie) and Lena was toasted, and feted, and admired enought to satisfy the most exacting of women. And through it all the good ship kept steadily onward, headed for tome, propelled by prosperous breezes, favoured with fine weather, and freighted with happy and hopeful hearts. There was no secret now made of the fact that Lena was Mr. Woodbury's wife, and Captain Dix said, facetiously, that " though their bridal tour had a rather unpleasant beginning, it was liable to pan out about as much felicity as any bridal tour he had ever heard of." 