WESLEYAN METHODIST CHOHCH. Abmzdale District Meeting. The third annual session of the Arinidale District Meeting commenced its sessions in the Wesley an Church, on Tuesday, Oct. 25th, at 10 a.m. The following gentle men were present: Rev. J. E. Carruthers (chairman of the district), and the Revs. J. G. Middleton, J. G. Martin, J. Bowes, J. Bryant, A. Cooper, T. Parker, J. Scott, Tear Tack (Chinese Mission), J. Calvert, A. Holliday. The Rev. G. Brown, general secretary of missions, was cordially welcomed by the Chairman, and invited to take his seat in the meet ing. Afterdevotional exercisesthe Chairman, in a few words, kindly welcomed the assembled ministers to Armidale, and expressed a hope that the sittings of the meeting would be pleasant and harmoni ous. The Rev. J. G. Middleton was elected secretary of the meeting by a large ma jority of votes, and the Rev. J. Bryant was nominated assistant secretary. The gratifying information was conveyed to the meeting, in reply to the usual en quiries, that death had not invaded the brotherhood during the year, and that no objection could be raised against any minister on the ground of character, fidelity to Christian doctrine, or adminis tration of methodist discipline. The Financial District Meeting com menced on Tuesday afternoon at 2.15, and was continued on Wednesday. Mr J. D. Leece, of Uralla, took his seat in the meeting on Tuesday, and Mr. P. Dean, of Armidale, on Wednesday morn ing. In the course of the meeting several gifts of sites for church buildingB were re ported and gratefully acknowledged. The erection of a schoolroom at Tam worth, a Chinese mission church at Tin gha, and the improvement of the church property at Emmaville and Tamworth were duly reported and recorded. Vari ous conversational matters were discussed, and resolutions passed thereon. The subject of the appropriate celebra tion of the approaching centenary of the colony was introduced by the reading of the report of the copmittee appointed by the last Sydney Conference, to consider and report upon the subject. After an animated discussion the following were adopted as the resolutions of the District meeting :—" That, in grateful recognition of the abundant blessings bestowed by Almighty God upon this colony during the first century of its history, this dis trict meeting recommends to the Com mittee : ' 1. That the Conference be re quested to appoint that appropriate thanksgiving services be held in all our circuits for the blessings so bestowed. '2. That, as a practical expression of grati tude, the Wesleyan Church throughout the colony be invited to contribute to a fund to be called the ' Centennial Thanks giving fund." '3. That the objects to which this fund shall be devoted shall be: (1.) The Theological Institution. (See addendum.) (2.) The liquidation of trust debts in the various circuits ; that in cir cuits where the trust debts are small, or where no such debts exist, the money ap portioned to the circuit be available for the erection of new buildings. (3.) The extension of Methodism in New South Wales by the inauguration of systematic mission work among the masses of Syd ney, and the establishment of home mis sion stations in the country districts. (4) The purchase of a suitable site on which at some future time to erect a ladies1 col lege, or if such a site should be presented to the college the amount be devoted to the general interests of the college. (5.) That the amounts subscribed, together with the public collections made for the fund in the various circuits, shall be allo cated under the direction of a committee of the fund, and in the following propor tions : 30 per cent, for the Theological Institution, 30 per cent, to the extinction of trust debts, &c.;, 30 per cent, to the extension of Methodism, and 10 per cent, to the purchase of a site for the ladies1 college.1 4. ' That the payment of dona tions may extend over a period of three years from the date of the inauguration of the fund.1 * 5. That deputations consist ing of ministers and laymen be appointed to canvas the districts by public meetings and personal solicitations in the interests of the fund.1 6. ' That a minister should be set apart to organise and carry out this fund to a successful issue.1 " The above resolutions were ordered to be sent for ward for final consideration at the Annual Conference in Sydney in January next. On the subject of a college for the train ing of ministers a lengthy discussion took place. The following resolutions were at length unanimously agreed to :—" That, having regard to the proposed centenary effort, this District Committee re-affirms its resolution of last year relative to the Theological Institution, viz., 'that, in view of the great expense in the direction of buildings and salaries, in order to pro vide for the efficient training of theologi cal students, this District Meeting re spectfully commends the Conference to institute enquiries as to the practicability of the establishment by the General Con ference of a central Theological Institu tion for the Australasian colonies.'" In support of this the District Meeting would urge—(1) That it is improbable that for many years to come, we shall have a suf ficient number of students to occupy the large building proposed to be erected in Sydney, or to engage fully the time of an adequate tutorial staff. (2) That the ex penses involved, including interest on debt, maintenance of building, salaries of tutors, etc., will be beyond our ability as a Church to meet without weakening other interests or funds that are at present fully weighted. (3) That we believe that in a central theological institution the instruction would be more efficient as well as more economical" than can well be hoped for in a smaller local institution, that the effect of association together would be beneficial to the students, and would promote the true fraternity of the Australasian Methodist Churches. (4) That we therefore recommend that the portion of the Centennial Thanksgiving Fund that is devoted to the Theological Institution shall be set apart as an endow ment fund, the interest of which shall be devoted to the maintenance of our stu dent sat the Central Theological Institu tion wherever it may be established. The affairs of the Wesleyax Weekly Advocate, a denominational organ, hav ing been discussed it was resolved—That in the judgment of this meeting it is ad visable that the editors of the Weekly Advocate should be appointed by Confer ence, and shall be directly responsible thereto. In the afternoon sitting ofj Wednesday, a long and interesting conversation took place on the state of the work of God in the district. The Rev. J. Calvert, as a candidate for ordination at the next con ference, was appointed to preach a trial sermon, and the Revs. Middle ton, Bowes, and Scott were appointed to hear him and to report to the meeting. In the session of Thursday morning, the Rev. J. Calvert, having passed the usual theological examination and the report of his sermon and the general character of his work being satisfactory, was unani mously recommended to the conference for ordinatiou. Under the question of ministerial ap pointments for next year, it was recorded that the Rev. J. E. Carruthers completes his term of residence at Armidale next conference, and is due for removal, and had been duly invited to Ryde and also to Toowoomba. The Rev. J. G. Martin, of Tenterfield, and the Rev. A. Cooper, of Ernmaville, requested removal at the next conference. Several of the Ministers left the matter of their appointments for next year in the hands of the conference. The Rev. J. G. Middleton was elected to accompany the Chairman to represent the district in the Stationing Committee and Conference, and the Rev. J. G. Martin on the Distribution Committee. Resolutions were also passed in favour of the appointment of a Conference Com mittee on procedure, and the institution of a change in the mode of electing the President. It was also agreed that it is advisable to establish a central fund for the payment of removal expenses. The last business of the session was the reading of the Liverpool minutes. This having been done, and consideration given to the matters therein brought under notice, it was agreed : " That we record with devout gratitude our thanks to Almighty God for the grace vouchsafed to us during the year. Recognising the necessity for a richer baptism of the Holy Ghost, we pledge ourselves to a fuller consecration, and, God helping us, will more earnestly endeavour to win souls for Jesus." The thanks of the meeting were pre sented to the Chairman and Secretary and other officers of the meeting, and a spe cially hearty vote was passed in recogni tion of the kindness of the friends who j had hospitably entertained the ministers during their stay in Armidale. It was agreed that the next session should be held in Tamworth, in October, j 1888 ; and, the minutes having been read and signed, the session was closed with singing, and prayer by the Chairman. 