Oddities in Wilis. Simple a matter as it really is, lawyers hsva not always been BuooeHsful in drawing thoir owniwills. Lord St. Leonards, High Chan cellor of England, who as, Edward Sugden, was the most eminent obaneery lawyer in England, and who, with a number ot law books, ono particularly with a very elaborate obapter on drawing wills, drew bis own will, and it required an expensive lawsuit and a decision of a court of chancery to give it pro per effeot. The will of Lord Westbury, anotber Lord High Chancellor, drawn by him self, met with the same fate. I oould give many similar instances.) Thero have been devises to animals or loi their benefit which have been valid to ontB, dogs, horses, and even parrots. Not un frcquently people have undertaken to show their spite and hatred, and sometimes their humor, in wills. The will of Lord Pembroke in the seven teenth aentury has several items o! that kind —for instance:" I givo notbinj; to my Lord Sayo, and I do make this leguoy willingly because I know that ho will faithfully dis charge it unto tho poor. Itom—I givejup the ghost." Lord Baoon had no property to leave, but he l' f> a regular exeautcd will, in which lie bequeathed his name and memory 11 to mon'a charitable upeeolieo, to foreign nations and tho nest ages." Shakespeare loft an elaborate will, whioh contains a clause that has puzzled tne HbaicepeareanB not a little. "Igivounto my wife tnyt)oaond beat bod, with the furniture." Why did he only giva Ann Hathaway his seoond best, and not his best bod 1 Nothing else did she get, and the world has sought in vain to know the reason why. Lord Nelson left a will, drawn just before tho battle of Trafalgar, by which he be queathed Lady Hamilton andhor daughter to nisi king and country, but neither king nor oountry ncceptcd tho logacy, and thoy both aame to want, Lady Hamilton dying in abject poverty. Napoleon in his will loft a handsome legaoy to a wrotoh named Ohatillon, who had at tempted to assassinate Wellington. The will of Rabelais haa this clause: " I owe a groat deal; tho rent I give to tho poor." His last words when dying were: " I go to see the great Perhaps." A famous Pronoh abbe had this pithy clause in his will: "To my steward I leave nothing, beoause he haB been in my service for eighteen years." It is not unusual for a man to leave all hia property to his wifo, with the proviso that il she marrieB again Bhe is to have only what I thelaw-Ulowa Her. I have drawn a number of Buoh wills. Qov. Morris, the eolebratod Ametionn statesman, did not troat hia wife bo. Ha had married very lata iu life Ann Randolph, u oouain of John, of Roanoke, a woman muohyoungor than himself, and witb whom he lived voty happily. Ho bequeathed a very haudsomo income to her, and then provided that in caso Bho married again the inoome should bo doubled. A soldier or a sailor is allowed to make ft nuncupative will—that ia, a will by word of mouth, by which personal estate may ba die* posed of, but you, being a civilian, must make yours in writing. It don't matter much what the writing is on—it may be on a elate, or a table top, or even a wall, though it is advisable that it ia advisable that it should ho on paper or parchment. You may writo it and sign your name in penoil if you like, but it is bet ter to do it ink. You may make your will in Ohofitaw, if you happen to understand that language, or it may, as Hamlet nays: " bo writ in tho choic est Italian"; you may write it in shorthand, or in abroviationa, or in oiphtr, ho long as you leave the key behind you. Courts aro not martinets as to the spelling, and if your orthography u not poifcotly ultra, they will not mind it, if .they can malio it out. If you wish to drop into pootry, oven that iB permit ted, as the following oase of a valid winshowi: I give and bequeath, When I'm laid underneath, To my loving sisters most dear, The wholo of my utore, Were it twioo as muoh more, Which God's goodness has granted to And that none may prevent This, my will and intent. Or ooonsion tho least of law racket, With a solomn appeal, I confirm aign and final, This, the truo aot and deod ol Will Jacket. It seems strange that in eo small a eoun try as England, and o^e whioh has been civi lised bo long, thure should bo found any new El an t a at thia lata day; yet a spoaitH of lichen, itherto unknown to occur in Britain, was recently disoovorod in WuBtmorelnnd, Cali aium IloBoidium is its Botanioal name.'] A French IphyBiologist hna ascertained that vury poisbnouu extracts may bo abtained from edible muBhroumn, by treating them with chloroform or various othora. lie calls thesa poisons, cryptomaitios. 'l'o their pre sence may ba attributed tho fatal offeota which BorantinioB ronult from eating tungi whiob are ordinoriiy perfectly wholesome, 