Dv '3 H. nasnoow, Author of Ladly Audles Beerst,' Etc. " ?j? Ar?ra ,XXXIX -(lCowrnwos) .. Ther.w?mn- ailence. Mr. MelenOe did not velanteer any inftrmatlm s thable birth !or pareetaeg e was a enrionus litle man iii this wilse end, except ,for bhis Afloan SxepeidMese, seemed to be a man without a Shistory.: Sir Adrian wondered how his friendship with ColonelDaverill ocold havre slms about. The two men seemed to have " So little In common. From a good natured ,impales, r athbe than for any partlnular "reaso, h? asked Mr. Melsotie to dinner, an Invltation whish was promptly sooepted. '*It is always a pleasure to visit ush ab r"boue me yours, Sir Aodras,' he said ; ' `hboune ith hstory.'. No doubt ths Abbey ":hae its bhistory.' * Yes. It has a good many histories, or 'traditions.' S'Any ghosts. Any story of a dark orime in the nremote past?'' : "':: ý " SI have herdof. neither .ghot ,nor rims.'.: l.,t 'Well, it is a noble old house, even Swithout thooe embellthmente,'alddMemotte, obeesfully, * nd the park sod gardens are perfeet. Thlis te a tribtary of the Obad, I suppose, this river in your grounds.' " Yes, .It unilts with the Chad lower 'down.' 'Aswllft, deepish rier, seh' : Swilt tnd deep." 'It makeus a rl .pretty feature in your grounds. : Nothing like water for giving beauty and variety to a landscape. To marrow'orvenng,ab eight, I think you said, 8ir Adrian. Good night.' SMr. Mlnotte erossed a rustle bridge and disappeard in the twilight on the further bank, while Adrian strolled slowly along the ppres walk; .": He was met byi Loy Freemutle, who neuonelouosly suggested a remitnleenes of Bbakespeare'e Beatrioe. ..* eI have been sent to ask you to oome to te,.' she said, blushing a lttle, her sum'. plexion of lilies and roses looking brighter than ever in the lgry winter atmosphere. SYou were very good to take so muoh trouble about me,' answered Adrian, as they shook hands. S, Oh, it was no trouble. I am always glad of a run. Mothe mad I came so call upon Lady Belfeld, and Lady Belfeld was getting fddgetty about yeU, so mother told me to r a and look for you, and I guessed I should dnd you this way.' ' ' now clever of you.' They wre on very friendly terms, Loey having kowntheAbey aud theAbbeypeople a ll her life. A few years ago when he haed been in the nurse ry e had looked up to Sir A?drian a very gand' personage, standing :u it were aspr from all other young men u opon the trength of a superior position and superior attalimeatei but of late she had felt ierelf more upon a level with him, and more ,t her ease in hi soolety. He called her Luoy, as a matter of course, having known her In pinafores,' bt she called him Sir Adrian. Is my brother at home?' he asked, as they walked towards the Abbey. No, there la no one but Lady Belfeld and -mother. They are talking parish talk about the poor old people and their ailments -such dreadful samplilione. How hard It seems that the poor should soler in all ways. -People who know nothing about them think they are healiby and hardy beasuse of their soanty fare and openalir life but when one comes to know them, one fond that theory a hollow mokesry. The open air may be year good for us, but the poor get too much of tr' She spoke warmly, having just some from a scene of suffering in one of the cottages. she was a frank, warm hearted, energello girl, talland strong, in thefull bloom of youth and beauty, a girl for whom life meant motion and duty, not drew and pleasure, Yet at a county ball she daneed au gaily as the most feather.headed of her sisters, and never aom. plalned, as they did, of en evening being slow. Lady Belheld and Mrs Freementle.were sliting by the are in the inner drawingroom, the cosy tea table oand blsing kettle between them. They had been joined by Mr. Book stone, who sat in one of the most luxurious of the large arm chatre, with his legs stretched out in front ce the hearth, basking in the glow of a friendly fireside, after a long day among his poorest parlshloners. They were talking of Valentine. HRe ought to make an effort, my doer ady Naldeld,', said the Veer. ' 'The blow I that has fallen upon him is a heavy one, but i Is almost unmanly to sucoumb as he has done. His whole being is undergoing deterioration. 'Hehas brooded upon the one great wrong bhill his cool has become tleeped In gall. He ie miesanthrope at an age when men generally love their fellow creatures, Something must be done to save him from himself.' TYee, something must be done,' echoed Mrs. Freemantle. ' I; is terrible to see a lne young man like Valentine lapsin into physical and -oril desy. My husband I tells me that be shuone il hi old friends does not even show at the meet, and rides in I Sway that shows he oares no more for other I people lives thanb doe for his, ow .' He eight to got?A?Irali'a. - . 'Thatis the remedy, Mrs. Fceemantle,' gaid theViear, 'a new counlry-usetralls, or the Bed River dsatriot-a new man not too elvilleed coountry-utterly new surroundings. That kind of thing lv your only Aethe ; the duly remedy fors mind diseased. I know it would .grieve you to part with him, my dear Lady Bdleld, hnbu you would have him b?ak ln two or three years, a new man. Whres, if you lt him lstay here, decay is Inevllable. Yon. semembee what Dickens say about the dry rot in a man. • Im afraid poor Valeatlns'slea ease of dry rot.' 'I would do anyihio "for his welfare ae?tflue anytkong,'repled Ledy Beleadd. 'Thn yu and Adrin must put your t asade together and persuiLe him to travel'; California, Tezs,.Red IR "..,or even Afriea, Sbe? ?fanoles shooting astelope, 'or dealing In bnlaloee. Ton o ro ake advantage of I this Mr. elnotle, who is a mighty traveller. The grand thing Is to rome Valentine from h? preeentapelths, ed ?Le him going lan some ; way,' 'I am antirely of your opinion, Virar,' said Adria. * My brother wans newnlureoound g. A younnRma wihout simse orioterolts, I moplng away his life In a rountry planOe Ii a 7?--y gporfud, -.X wll lake him in bhad to. ' Do, my dear Adi,' exclaimed Mrs. B?reemantle. 'I have k?vn yon saod your beroaher too long to by abele ct e either of I you going wrong lout earLpeaking my mind.' They seat round ibthe le f.r some time after ?l, tialkhlag of muJse thln?, enjoylng the blase of the great pline lope. and the aroma of lady Beideid' exellent tea-bet Itwo I among them wre heavy at heart, cheerful au the geeral tone of the eonversation might be. For Adrise there had been no snuch i thing s bappaese. or even pemoe of mind, iou. that falbl night. His life had been one long pretenese. It we a hunting day, and on sneh days V·alesntilne always sitayed out among the Iltmt, rarely ppearlug unlit after dinoer. He would oomelnto the hose oh the estroeke di eight, perhaps, and wiould be ohasnging hi. lothes while the others were dining. He would dine alone between niae oand ten, at a Mttletable ln frolit of the bllliardroom8re. He had never been a goarmelod, hot he alse cow with the air of a man who hardly k?tel whet hi e eating-talking canything the msrrntseet b?erfore him, ?nd drlnbiong more thau wtegeod for blm. I 'sHe ailat'qo lO a eprelation of a nice Ut?lI diner, saidl A"drew, despondently. SIt don't pay 6 eio paeins ab us lt, Mrs. Merrabnihe, s I tells eoob;. Give hi a bottle t burgundy, and the liquor etand amier dioner, and he as ,o qluestion.l.' There was no more of those oberry tee'. udrinkige with the mother after the day's s rl no more reoltal of the dmy'e d lurs. The yoog mame went out alone -o amorning, moody and silent; he esme homeain the rsue semi. ls otlhe hbad wete(rbd him itquiet peofr oni thet se the mothe w?ni #tr I.O?ibiied" ilr would *sover : but tlme mmP ?lie , vt o deepen tnas auoas-gtobier -anet--tslesne- sng grown hp?.e..!. Taos it wa: thatbAb wase ready to reoeive any plausible Puoagreilou. He was lets oe 'ths partiualar evening, and it was not outll hbatpasl nie that be was riay for his diner.: ' I'll go aud talk to him after hehasdined, aitd aM iq,` who bhad boee liegerini op demytd lth hiss mother, trying so cheir her with the promseof brigter days. ' Do. dear. For pit)'s sake. influene him forgood. I am helpless. Hisimind is a sealed book to me. He has never son Sfded in ms from the time of hie boyhood. sie has tiken his own wai ailway, for good or for evil.' t Valentine was sitting mi i Glasonbory I chair in front of the wide. frepleoe, she bur?ndly deeanter beoore,, him,, almost empty. The lamps over the, blillard-table I werenoligbhtd, and the mpaelion room, wa balf in shadow. The firelight ,iolared on r gone and swords in the soen ast the further end, and ther e was airle of soft light rouwd the spot where Valentine sat from the shaded oilza lamp on, the small Sother. a land table. ; A good ran, Vail' asked Adrian, mcting himself opposite his brother. SPretty good.' ' You msst, hae killed uncommonly Iate.' r We illed at annet, on Plimpeted Ridae.' SBut that means eve o'oloek, a;d a three. qparters of, an hour's ride home. Where have you been since I' ' Idon's know.' :Valentine.' ' Dan' stare at me, man I I tell you I don't know. I have been riding about somewhere-loeing mysell an the moor, If you like. Great God, if I could only lose myself aitogether-ride away. into some enchanted valley, and go to sleep there for ever.' It was almost the firt time he had spoken openly of his despair.. From bthe hour of tbe crime until now, there had been no con. Idence between the brothers. They had lived together, and talked of the daily bsll noe of life, but there had been n a im. pasesble gulf betwixt the past and the present. By mutual eoannt they had been dumb. But tonight Valentle was utterly worn out in mind and body, fagged, helplem, nervous. That powerful frame and trong elfroelfant temper had been broken by the low agonies of remorse, Brotal as the man's nature might be, eonmelenee was not dead in him. It had awakened in the hour when I he foond himself alone after hi orime ftoe to face with the memory of a murder. It had never slept slene. SValentine,' began Adrian, arnestly; * you are leading a miserable life. Things rsnnot go on like this,' You meen that I had better do as your eriminal of the lower elasee sometimes does under sush clreametene?s-give myeelf up walk into Freematle'e study tomorrow morning and tell him that I killed my wife. Is that what you mean ?' ' No. It Is too late for that course. What I mean is that you mutt leave the scene of your - misadventure. You have lingered here too long. Too must go away-to another contoent - Afries, Australla, wherever you esoa nd the resooroes whlch ill give you most relief of mind. The past is pat, Val. There is no help for that. Let It epet. Yonu have suoered for your sin of a moment in all the long months that have gone by sinre that fatal night. You will softer more ori es to the end.' * More or lees, no doubt. I have the privilege of an excellent memory,' answered Valentine, with quivering lps, hearing gloomily at the fire, the inearnation of deseper. * Yorr eelftorture ceo do no good to you or to anyone else. Pr away, In the wild free life whieh suite your temperament, you u will at least suoer less. Anythinlg would be betler then the stagnation of your e,' I Istenoe here. ' ' You are right. Anythingwoold be better -bus I think the beat would be deash.' 'Don't say thaw, Val. Men have outlived f worse sorrows than yours.' ' Men are made of very hard wood, and II flattered myself-till last summer-that II was leak or iron.wood; bus the dry rot of e remorse has got into me, all the same. Ie am worm-eaten to the very core. Yes. It tbhik you are right. Adrian. I most get i away from this place, If I don't want to r become a howling lunatio. I have stayed t herein a kind of gloomy despair, thinlng that I could hardly be more milerable here than anywhere else-but you are right. It have stayed too long I will stay no longer, Hers I am a saneu of misery to others ae well as to myself. In she desert-or the bosh-I eheall bemy own mn again. There will be no need for hyporlisy. I could lie on the ground fIoe downwards and groan aloud without anybody alling me to o a noons. \- Your mind will elear and lighten face to faeewith.uasophietioated natuae, Val,' said Adrian, who throughout this conversation bad spoken with inlsfable teodernes. ' You willbegin a new life. Even the memory of your sorrow will be softened in that far.off atmosphere. You will look back upon your old mell gently, am we remember the dead. You will have opportunities of helping others -of doing brave and gamerous deeds. You will be born again, a better. and a wiser man. My brother-my beloved brether, the eceond halt of myself, I have inafnite faith in you yet.' He laid hie hand anres. ingly upon hi. brother's sboulder. He tel as it a great burden was lifted off bhis heart u by this conversattio of to-night. For the Artt time sines the oatastrophe that hd wreeked both their lives, the brothers bad spoken togethsr freely. It was like a re* newal of brothely love. ' My dear Adria, you .are great deal too good to me,' said Valentine, nd this from him wa muobh. ' You muss go away, Val; but yon most do 0 nothing hurriedly. Mt. Freemsatle was talk inag about you to my mother this afternoon, t saying that you looked tl .and mopihb, and needed change. My mother admitted the r feet, and it wan asreed sthat yeu should be persuaded to travel. Your departure will therefore seem perfeatly natural o all this |ittle world of Obadford. There will be no appearance of flight. Ailyou have to think of, therefore, is the place to whihob you would like to go-l eo have b to do .r too follow the bent of yoor ows inelimnation. * '1 will go sor Afries. There Is better sport there th in Aotralla-and a freer Ille. ' If you deoMe upon Alislu, Meleltte my beof useto yoa .'".-... . ' Idon's like Melootte, uad I don' believe in his African experienee. I strongly mem. pelt that the man s an impeoter. He e o glib.' 'But his storie of aduvturehave a vivid air, as If hehad linved among tbhe senes d people he dearlbee,' The fellow is a good. ator, that' i all. Some rowdy adventurer whom the Colonel has plked up i a gambling de.. Meloolte mey hav brn to the ap perlpe. His erperienoes in the interior I rink. a?u hwetC otion,. This ides agreed ourioouly with Adrlian' own vegue eoepleiona as to Mr. Melnotts'e -othfuloes. Those Afrien sllorlis of his wererather too good and too pistoreeque ooto have happened to one traveiler. Theaverags man's experiences are dull enough. Toesy rieog the ebsange upon imie, fever, and sport. But Meinotte seemed to have pased from bairbreadth ecape to romaotleesituetion, from dramatio mecooonter to pituaresque resous, with an electriseal rilliUaney. He had slaein bhie lions bly the horde, ed shot his gemaboeke in heosrtembs. Thue wasee e arggeratlon, no doubt but whether the man were an aotual Impostr remained so beh proved. SI don't want anybody's edvrie ?m sld i Valentine deoiltvely,. 'l I sa one. brae myself op to leave this placoe, I ehali go to London, get the kind of outfil I thionk neesl ary, and the el tor the Cape. Oe thsre Iea pIek up theinaformatle I went about the Interior, nod I sheall plan my route .'Whe will you start !' . ..I shall go to, Loendon by. en urlytrein te.-reor u,-nd, t the. Cap.. byt, th, A0r __good _toessrtat h a n roy e lothereo.' ,· *o.morrw That's o0ono.' , . -~'Why ?kaeual Idele t :I have been lstay. ,1 S'-nWar ta. e arl .@, . -a-e.eO5-0 .t-hL a I men in anlIghtmare dream, whbo i.er some great horror and cannoG move. band or fiot. ITh uooner rIgo the baheir.,: S' Let mi go to London ,wlth Yt , Val.. I should oe osee yes oft' No,no. I am t fitoampeny for my fellow men yet eiblli.. Prhaps after tea r earin Afres I ma bhe;btter. Ldt me sfter my purgatlon. Adrien. : et me wreetle with the memory of ei, as . Jauob wrestled with tbesagel-and then perhape- somedsy -' with a etifed sob, ' I sall be better worthy of your ounselb love- and of my mother.' ' Cod help you to peudoa enfor tfoue , Val But let me go to London wit you.' * No, Iwant to be.lJoo.,thir. I have something to do. I will wire to you before I sail, sod then, if there wae time, and you woold like to come and Whake hbnds at parti"g.-' . ' B sure I will come, if yon giv me the chaoses, It will oomfort the mother to bear of you at the last moment of leaving. She would like to be thert herself, dear soul, if you would let her.' * Dear soul, poor seal,' murmored Valen tine, with a remorseful tenderness whih was strenge to his rough oiasre. * She hab givan me honey, and 1 nave given her gall. I have been a fountain of bisternsm to you both But it is pest. You are strong in love and in mercy. Goodnight ,nd good-bye, till I sail. I shall be off early tomorrow morn. 'Bat you will bid your mother good bye.' .'Muost I That will be hard. 1 should like to lip lawy without lany leave-taking. I would write to her from Leaden.' 'hbe would be heartbroken if you left her like that.' * Perhaps you are right. It Is, theweak. nese of her ohareoter to be fond of me. I'll see her ha the mornlog before I estart. She will be happier when I am goue-safe and happy-with you. Too ought to marry, Adrien. You owe a muchb to my mother en well as to yourself. There i Luoy. Free mantle, who bea bee in love with you for the lait five year.' "Valentine.' . 'It's a true bill. I've see the growing passion from the lime she left off abshort rooke and long hair. You have been her idealfrom the day abe left the nursery-perhapehefore. I darea?y bee was oftee thlnking of you over Pinooak or Lisgard. Marry her, Adrian. 8he has not one of the attributes of the typical girl, and will make you a troue and haset wife.' 'I will wait,till my time some., Vel,' answered Adrian, with a sad smile. 'it has not come yet.' Lady Bol6ald wa , always san early riser. I She was in her garden next morning, lookiog at the firt closters. of snowdrops, white aganslt the whiteness of the hosr frost, when Valentinejoined her,'clad for a journey, in for lined overooat and deew.etalker esp. ' Mother,' he begah abruptly, 'Adrian and I had a long brotherly talk lset nlght, and he advised me to try change of scene as oa re for bitter memories. I am going abroad for a spell.'. 'Yes, dear. Yee, it will be a good thing, I am sure,' eswered hise mother, pallng suddenly at the mere thought of a posesible parting, ' but you will not be gonlog just yet. You will take time to think about It.' 'Iem going at once. You know wa never given to irresolutlon. I have done most thiuge, for good or evil, on the spur of l the moment. I am off by the 8.85. My . portmanteaux have gone sown to the stable yard. I shall stay a day or two in town, and then sail for the Cape.' 'For the Cape I That lso far, Val. Why not to Italy or Spale.' 'Tame, hackneyed, intolerable. The boll. day groond of self.opinionated Yankees and personally.oonduoted Cockneys. No, if change of scene is to do me any good, if I am to get out of mysel', I most get face to face with nature. Afries is the plece for me. Don't be afraid, dear mother. The Dark Continent is es safe a solitude as Berne Bay.' ' And you are going- this morning ?' ' At ones. The dogcart is waiting for me. Good.bye.' t Ha clesped his mother in his arme, klssed her as he had not kissoed her for year-' hardly since he wease a schoolboy. His ownal eye. were not inacent of tears as he rushed away, leaving her to sob out her sorrow in the quiet shrubbery walk which her footsteps had so often trodden. Never bhd ehe felt more desolate than n in this parting with the wayward and beloved son, and yet she told herself that it was well he were gone Any thbing must be better than to see him as he I had been sonce lses August. The SBoth-western railway onveyed Mr. ci Bolfleld so Exeter, but in the onaetionetation e there, he had a ehoioe of trauer, and the s Grest.western salted him best on this oca 11I lion. He croesed from one platform to the d other, took, his ticke for Paddington, and " camo out upon the departure platform of the Great.westerm, nader the big looek. The platform was not so crowded as usual, I and the train was not due for five minute. As he walked slowly towards the end of the station, Valentie passed a man whose face tI fsehed upon him with a sudden siokeaieg of I the hears and weakenig of the limbe, like a the right of a ghoet in high noon. The wintery sun shone upon those pale it and hlghbbrsd features. He saw the fene looking at him, half in hatred; half in sorn; b and he could not give beek Sooe for scorn, bate for hate. He who had sever feared his h ftliow.men, alokened at the sight of his men, and pae deao withb.qaokecrd step, and eyes i looking steadily forward, pretesding not to me that familiar face, the face of the men fo who had stolen hbi wife's heart. St. Austell atopped sad looked back at n him. 'Asn em alive, that was the fa olf a felon,' he said to hlmself, 'and she. mystery of Helen' fate is darker than any. of ns dream of. That man dared not meet my eye- although it weeas hi place to heetor and mine d to qual. bThere was gauilt l tba look.' u He was on ht, way wstwardl. 8isoo that I meeting at the Badminton, he bhad been muoh distorbed in bhi mind about hig loss love. Fickle as the previous experience of his life bad proved him, he had. not yet forgotten Helesn. The year whieb Mrs. d Biddeley had allowed for the duration of his a pession was not yet edad. ad it may be that e, tbhe dlappoistment sad miehusb e whleh i had attended thisl partiseolur lotri?gq, had i tuteeiaed his feelings. He would have for. fselted ten years of hie life to have found " HIelen, and wo her for hie own, but bthese . we that in ?ber husebeod's oaunleae whbish chilled bit soul. He had half a mind to follow Valentione BIelfeld, eand tax him then end there with fool play. we had no evidenoe, f ezopt the myaterione olsoumtennoee of the o wife'a disappesaneos, and that guilty look in the huseband's fute- hbutl the two togethelr brought oonviction to SI. Aulstell's mind. (TO ascon I e . a 