"AMUSEMENTS. 'H VLMAIX MUSICAL UNION". The BaltBUin Musical Uoion gave tiicir third quatterlv concert in the Campbeil-streer LeeturehaH last evening before a good audienci. Though hut a vouug society it is rich in good and capable voices. Thirty-nine members comprised the choir, and the voices were well balanced, the union being particularly rich in bassos and sopranos, though no undue prominence was given to any part, all barino- trt'ont tlin mm ui&iug; »>jiu vuugidi fault noticeable being at times a ieck of pre cision, which is pardonable even in the best trained choir. The choruses included J\ L. Ration's exquisitely melodious song, " W hvu Evening's . Twilight," which was rendered with rhymical effect, and the old Swabiaa Yolslied, "Come Dorothy Come," a difficult catchy incisure, which wa the gem of the eveuuig. . Pinsuti's part-soug. "'ibe Watch word," a spirited, uashiug war cry, was well de claimed, a w.mi of steadiness and quickness of catch being noticeable m the concluding stauza, whilst a plaintive chorus by the same composer, "In tbis hour of Softened Splen dour," the words by Miss Horace Smith, was given with guod effect, tbe alto part being particularly, noticeable. The last number, 'The Beifs of St. Michael's Tower," a well- known, ever popular old madrigal, was sung with a refreshing spirit, which took the audience by storm. The ?oloist were — first, Miss Deane, who sang what is ever a popular concert test piece. UobawUi's "Alia StellaCon- fidente," with taate und sweetness, the cello obligato being well played by Mr. S. .f. Deane. Mr?. Kingstnill Shaw, who is evidently a favorite, saug Bach's "Fare well" and Goiuiod' magnificent " Ave Maria," with pianoforte and 'cello accompani ment. Mr. G. Tingcombe's ligbt baritone voice, told fairly well ia "Tho King's Cham piou," by Watso'n, ana a very pretty, sparkling little romance entitled " When loving eyes are bright," by Deppe. Herr Felix Scbineilits- check (a terrible name i played two violm solos, and Mr. H. HymD contributed a pianoforte solo, a nocturne by Raff and a valse of hi? own. The concert was conductei by Mr. 18. L. Deane, Mr. R. Pvnes acting a? accompanist, whilst the geuera! arrangemeuts were in the bauds of the hou. secretary, Mr. W. Lloyd. Mr. G. S. Titheradge having just completed his four years' eugagetuent with Messrs. Wil- liamsoQ, Ciaruer and MusgroVe, has been ten dered afarewell benefit by the triumvirate in the Theatre Royal on Friday next, when he will appear as "The Silver King " for the last time, al'tsr which he will retire irom the boards for this season. Harry St. Maur's comedy company lias been playing in Bathurst this week to good houses. tirattau liigga' company has beta playing at Armidale to fair audiences. Oil Wednesday evening a vocal and instru mental entertainment was given by the pupils of Miss Carrie Newlatid, iu the Atheuieuni-hall, Dulwich- hill, Petersham, to a large audience. The chdir was taken by Mr. Thomas Hehnore. The programme consisted of violm and piano forte duets, piano solos, glees, recitations, ren dered by the followiug youug ladies and gen tlemen — Miss Maud New-land, Misses T. Robiuson, Hur3t, fipicer (2), Hughes, Bingham, Taylor, Harrison, Roberts, Newlauds (2), Masters Hurst and Michael. Miss Alice J. Newlaud contributed greatly to the evening's amusement by lier singing or " Alia Stella Con- lidaute " and " Queen of the Earth," with violiu obligato by Miss Carrie Newlaud. The juvenile branch oi the Ancient Order of Foresters held their first anniversary on Wed nesday evening last. About 40 of the vouug members sat down to tea at the Town-hall Coffee Palace, and afterwards an adjournment was. made to the Forestevs'-hall, where u social entertainment took place. A capital pro gramme of songs and recitations was gone through, aud Mr. J. H. Fiohui performed a numberj of conjuring tricks, much to the amusement of the boys. Brother J. Slade, I'.D.C.R., also gave some amusing recitatious. The D.C.U., BroiberiF arrell,'D..8. Bro. W. O. Fox, P.D.C.R. Brother Wheeler and a number of members of the order assisted during the eve ning. Credit is due to Bros. W. South, J. Cooper aud Nicholi for the success ol the eve ning. The company of amateurs in Balinaiu uuder the management of Mr. H. Brent, who played Byron's drama, u Blow for Blow," at the School of Arts some weeks since, repeated the performance on Weduesday for the benefit of the Bamiaiu Beuevok-ut Society at the same hall. The play weut with smoothness aud finish, and the performers were liberally ap plauded. The leading parts were interpreted by Messrs. Brent, Boweu, S. Deane, Watson and Andcrsou, Mrs. J. Anderson, Misses Ander son, Blatehford aud Irving. The scenery and appointments were good, and the Alliance Baud rendered their services as orchestra. At tbe conclusion of the plav Mr. T. R. Allt, J.P., president of the Balmain Beuevolent Society, tendered thanks on behalf of the latter for the performance. The society will be haudsomely beuefited by the proceeds. Our Adelaide correspondent wires "Bland Holt's company are having a very successful season at the Theatre Royal in 'Alone in London.' Ou Saturday, October 8, Williamson, Garner and Musgrove's Opera Company will opeu in the 'Mikado.'" A silver entertainment was given at Wat- sou's Bay- iu St. Peter's-hall ou Wednesday evening. In tb» first part Misses Woodd, Tail, Dykes and Messrs. May, King, Gamson and W\ Mays took part. In the second part a short burlesque was given by some juvenile residents, entitled ' Graudinotbor's Ghost," the charac ters neing allotted to Masters W. Bligh, J. Creer, A. Bligh and H.Jack. A concert, organised by the Granville com mittee of the Queen's i'und, assisted by the Mayor (Mr. John Nobbs), was held in the Behool of Arts, Granville, on Wednesday even ing in aid of the Queen's Fuud, J udge Docker presiding. There was a good audience, and a pleasing programme was taken part in by Mrs. White, Mrs. J. Docker, Miss Shipwav, Miss Rose Croft, Mr. W. H. M'Clellaud, "Mr. H. French. Mr. Lauiont and Master F. Graft. " The Silver lCing,"i probably the most popu lar and effeetivejuielo-drauia ever written, will be repeated at the Theatre Royal to-uight, where Mr. Xitheradge is playing his great part with all his former force. Mis Label Morris, Mr. G. W. Ausou uud tne other actors who are now seen in the play for the first time invest the representation with fresh interest to the playgoer who has seen it before. A strong. double bill replaces "Henry V." at Her Majesty's Theatre to- night, where M Alone" and "Bluck-Eyed Susan" will be played for the first time since May, 1883. " Alone" is a very bright comedy-drama with a moving plot, and' tbe part of old Colonel Cballice is one that Mr. George Rigoold created years age at the Royal Court Theatre. Mrs. George Rignold will resume the lively character of Mrs. Thorn ton, and Miss Atheua Claudius will make her first appearance here as the heroine, Maud Trevor. Douglas Jerrold's famous nautical druwa is popular wherever it is played. Mr. Riguold has ahvaysjbeen pleasantly remembered as William, and takes his old place in the cast to- nigh't. Miss Alice Deorwyn willjbe welcomed as JSusan, Miss Emily Fitzroy should make an attractive Mayflower, and Mr. J. R. Greville and Mr. Stirling White will doubtless keep thiogs moving as Gnatbrain and Doggrast respectively. At the Criterion Theatre "Twelfth Night" is drawing big houses, aud last evening the dress circle presented a particularly brilliant appearance. The romance, the fun aud ibe pathos of the story iu turn, dramatically ex pressed in the excellent and very eveu repre sentation given by Mr. Holloway'a company, may be relied upon to fill the bouse for some tiiue to come. On Monday Nicholson's will be closed, but playgoers will' be ablejto consult the plan at the theatre itself. Uuder the title of "Sbainus O'Brien," a new Irish drama, tbs plot of which is founded upon the rising of 1798, will be produced at the newly-decorated Gaiety Theatre to-night. Mr. Darapier is now managing this theatre, of which Mr. L. Foley is the new lessee, aud the stage has beeu enlarged and improved espe cially for the better production of the new piece and those which will follow it in the coming season, whilst the house itself will present maoy new features to its patrons. Mr. Dampier will be seen to-night for tbe first time as the patriot O'Brien, Miss Lily Dampier will play Mary ICavanagh, Mr. Joe Stark will be Brady the informer, una a strong company will complete the cast. The Manly Aquarium offers special attrac tions with the object of enabling visitors to the Flower, Show, by "doing" the pretty seal- house and tanks, to kill two birds with one stone. Skating will be carried on all the after noon, (and in the evening Hurry Cretnar's strong miustrel company, and a display of fireworks will supplement other diversions. Th'ejuew Aquarium nud Pleasure Grounds at Bpndi will'be open until dusk to-day, and the same hours of admission, 11 a.m. till 0 p.m., will also obtain on Sundays. Cottiers' " People's Concerts " and minstrel entertainment will attract lovers of fun and frolic at the Protestant-hall to- niglit The Columbia Elite Skating Rink at the Exhibition Building will be opeu as usual to-day and in the eveuiug will be brilliantly illumi nated, when also music will be provided. The Society Skating Rink at Double Bay, a quietly conducted place much patronised by the ladies of'Woollabra and Rose Bay, will be open as, usual to-day aud during the evening. Cap tain Jennings has now the control of the ridiog school. The sixth concert of the Beethoven String Quartette Society will be held at the Y.M.C.A.- ball on Tuesday next, when Lady Carrington will be present. Schumauu's quiutet for piano and strings (op. 44) and Beethoven's quartette (op. 18) are tfie principal items on the pro gramme.' M. de vnlmeucy aud Mdine, Pous- sard will assist the quartette party. # Madame Madeline Schiller will give her first great pianoforte recital on Wednesday next at the Y.M.C.A.-hall, wheu this really Hue artist will be. heard in a programme which includes music/both classical and light. Beethoven's Moonlight" sonata," Liszt's grand polonaise in C 'major, and his "Midsummer Night's Dreuin " uud the Trerriolo " show piece, which created such a sensation at her benefit concert, are the chief number iu a highly attractive programme. The Mayor will unfurl the new banner of th? N..S.SV. Typographical Association tbis evening in the New Masouic-halL In order to make the evening attractive a musical and dramatic entertainment will be given, Misse3 Josephine U'Keiliy. GieudcuninguncI Herbert, aud Musars .Spencer. Robson, \V. WaUbe and J. Herman Newton providing tUe musical portion of the programme, which will conclude with Brough- lon's charming comedietta "Withered Leavew." 