TBE CHRISTMAS-TIDE. [By the Rev. Moxbo Gibson, D.D.] i ' For unto us a Child is born, unto us a Son is given; and the government shall be upon His shoulder ; and His name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The rnisnty God, The everlasting Father, Ihe Prince of feace.' (lea. ix., 6.) ; The prophecy, of which this is a part, was written in a time of great darkness. There ; was war between the northern kingdom of Israel, assisted by Syria, and the southern kingdom of Judab, to which the prophet Isaiah belonged . This was dark enough. But there is a darter prospect still ; tor tne great; empire of Aepyria, responding to the short-sighted application of king Ahaz, is about to descend upon the scene of strife, and carry desolation throughout all their borders. The prospect is daik for both north and south, but especially for tbe north, to which it threatened, and afterwards actually brought, utter ruin. This prophecy of Isaiah is a warning of that im- : pending danger; and as the land of Zebulun '. and Naphtali was on the northern border, and lay nest to the fierce invader, he had to re- ; present its outlook as the gloomiest of all. j If Isaiah bad been a mere politician he might have gloried in the humiliation which was in store for his brethren in the north, who had formed so unnatural a league against - their own countrymen. But he was one of the ' holy men of old,' who ' epake as they were ; moved by the Holy Ghost ;' and accordingly, ? while bis faithfully warns the people of Galilee ' of the impending danger, he administers all the consolation of which the case admits. He ? hap, indeed, to look a long way into the future '? to find any brightness beyond the gloom. Had he been addressing himself to Judah, which : was in like manner to be led into captivity ] later on, by the kingdom of great Babylon, he ; would have found a sunny spot within a com- : paratively short time ; for Judah was to be j restored again after an interval of 70 years ; ! but for Ephraim and for Galilee there was no ; such prospect ; there was to be no return from ! the ABBjrian captivity; the ten tribes were to | disappear, and accordingly the prophet must i extend his vision into a very distant futurity, ] even to tbe times of Messiah Himself, au | interval of 700 years, before he can speak of a - 'time to favor' that northern region ot the j Holy Land. f The passage is a very interesting one, as an j illustration of the manner in which the pro- ? phet s of old, taught of the Holy Spirit, found i consolation for themselves and for their I hearers, in dark and troublous tiao.es, by i looking forward in hope, very much as we now ! look back in faith, to the times of Messiah, i 'The Prince of Peace.' The verses which | precede the text are very difficult in the j original, and were still more so to the English i reader until the Revised Translation made them plain. It is now quite easy to gather the general sense of the entire passage. It ia an assurance that instead of the darkness, dis tress, oppression and war, so long afflicting 'Galilee of the Gentiles' (verse 1), there should come an era of light (verse 2), joy (veree 3), liberty (verse 4), peace (verse 5), all j to be realised through ' a Child born,' 'a Son given' (verse 6). Before we leave these old times of the giving of the prophecy, observe how charitably and beautifully the prophet identifies himself with Israel when he speaks of the coming Messiah. Judah and Israel were then at dagger's point ; war was actually £oing on between them ; but the rapt prophet, looking forward to the great future, forgets tbe passing enmity, joins himself in spirit with the people of the north, and says, 'Unto ms a Child is born, unto us a Son is ! given.' So ir.uch then for the prophecy. Let ue now lock at the fulfilment, If we turn to the Gospel history we shall find these .very blessings of light, joy, liberty, an d peace attendiiig'the path of the IVles^iah wherever He went. Hi3 coming was announced by the angel to the shepherds as ' good tidings of great joy.' As eo jn as Hs had | grown up and entered upon His work, He ; lifted up His standard in that very region j whose history till then had been so gloomy and ! hopeless. The evangelist Matthew thus speaks ! of it : — ' And leaving Nazareth He came and i dwelt iu Capernaum, which is upon the E6» coatt, in the borders of Zabulon and Neph tbalirrj, that it might be fulfilled wbich was Bpoken by EsaiaB the piophet eayicg, The land of Zabuloa and the larjd of Nephtalim, by way of the sea, beyond Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles ; the people which sat in d&rknes3; saw great light, and to them which sat ia the region aiid shadow of death light is sprung vp.' And the evangelist Luke tells us hoar He commenced His ministry in the synagogue at Kazareth by announcing the fulfilment in HimEc-lf cf these words of this same prophet : ' The Spirit of the Lord is upon Me, because He hath anointed Me to preach the gospel to the poor ; He hath sent Me to heal the broken hearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of Bight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord.' And wherever He went He announced a kingdom 'the government' of which was 'upon His shoulder ;' a kingdom not of force and oppression, but of light,- and joy, aad liberty, and peace. And then these names— were they not the very names to which He Eucceesively established His claim as He con tinued His wonderful career? At first men 'marvelled exceedingly,' as they witnessed His mighty worke of healing, and said one to another, '* What manner of Man is thi3 ?' Already it was manifest that 'His name' was 'Wonderful.' Then, having gained the ear of the multitudes by Hia miracles of healing, He gathered round Him in throngs, and poured out before them such treasures of wisdom that they were forced to ask, ' Wheuca hath Ibis roaxs tbis ?wisdom t' and to acknowledge that he spoke 'as one that had authority, aid not as the Scribes.' It became apparent that ' His name' was ' Counsellor.' At this point Btrong opposition was developed, and many there were that 'went back, and walked no more with him,' refusing to take His coun sel when they saw to what it was leading. But those that still remained with Him were led on to further discoveries of His greatness ; and by-and-bye we hear of an interview which He had with His disciples, in the course of which He asked them, ' Whom do ye Bay that I, the Son of rcan, am ?' and received for an swer, 'Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God ;' and from thenceforth they learned to look npon Him as more than ' Wonderful,' and more than wisest ' Coun sellor,' as nothing less than the ' The mighty God,' revealed in human fleah. And yet a further revelation is in store ; for though they have learnt to know Him as ' the Son of the living God,' they still have only confused notions of His relation to their Father in Heaves. This confusion of thought finds expression in the request of Philip, 'Lord, ehow us the Father, and^it suffieeth us,' and is cleared by tbe unmistakable answer, ' Have I been so iong time with yon, and yet haat thou not known Me, Philip? He that hath seen Me hath seen the Father.' So that in very deed His name is found to be 'The everlasting Ifather.' Still later, just before, the announcement of His ap proaching end in these significant words, ' The prince cf tbia world cometh, and hath nothing in Me,' He suggests His counter-claim to be 'The Prince of Peace' by this memorable easing : 'Peace I leave with yon. My peace I give vtito you ; not as the world giretb, give I unto yon. - Let not your heart be troubled,™ neither let it be afraid.' Thus at the very last Ee fully justifies His claim to be called Dot only ' Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father,' bat the *' Prince of Peace.' The peace was announced at the beginning, but it was not 'made' till the end — ' having made -peace through the blood of His Cross,' as the apostle tells us. Thus we find that not only did He prove Sis claim to all of these prophetic names, but the fulfilment came in the precise order of the prophetic scroll. Observe, however^ that these are not different names. The word in the prophecy is singular and not plural, and it takes them all to make the one ' 2Tame.' So that we are not really honoring the name of Christ until we recognise Him in all theEe characters. There is scarcely &Ziy; person, none of any intelligence, that does not recognise at least the name ' Wonderful.' Even intelligent atheists will admit that the life of Jesus of Nazareth is the most wonderful that history records. It is a step farther to acknowledge Him as ' Counsellor,' to accept Him as a teacher, which is all that most Uni tarians seem willing to do. There were many in our Lord's own time who were willing to accept Him as 'some one of the prophets,' and there are very many in these days who, without going farther, are constrained to acknowledge Him as the greatest of all the prophets of humanity. Now if this were only a stage, in Christian dkcipleship, as it was, no doubt, with many in our Saviour's time, there would be no fault to find ; for we should only have to wait a little, after they bad accepted Him as 'Counsellor,' till they should give heed to His own claim to be the Son of God and ' Tbe everlasting Father.' But to stop there— to accept Him as ''Counsellor,' and then refuse to believe what he says about Himself — is surely unfaithfulness to the Lord even in His character as teacher. We can see also how there is not only a, step, and a most important anddeci sive one, between the names ' Counsellor' and 'Tbe mighty God,' but there is a further etep to the next in the series, ' The ever laBtiog Father.' It is possible to recognise the Divinity of Christ, much as Peter recog nised it when he fell at His feet and said, 'Depart from me : for I am a sinful man,' the impression of Divinity producing terror, deepening conviction of sin, and leading to the entreaty, 'Depart from me.' But it is far better when we learn to recognise not only His Divine great ness and glory, but His Fatherly tender ness and love, as John did when he ' leaned on His breast at supper,' love and trust '?caetiug out fear.' And yet there iamore; for in order to find rest to the soul as an abiding experience it is absolutely necessary to come _ to the Cross, and discover there the meaning of that name, which reaches furthest down into the depths of human need, ' Prince of Peace.' We put it as a question (we venture no statement) whether a person might not have a certain knowledge of the Lord JeBus as ' Wonderful,' as ' Counsellor,' as 'The mighty God,' as 'The everlasting | Father' even, and yet in no true sense ' ba- j lieve on His name,' because he had not fol lowed Him to the Cross, and learnt there to know Him as 'The Prince of Peace.' Oh, leave out nothing of the name. Take it all. 'Acquaint yourself with God' as He is re vealed in His Son Jeeus Christ in all these characters. Admire Him as 'Wonderful;' obey Him as ' Counsellor ;' worship Him as ' The mighty God ;' love Him as ' The ever lasting Father ;' trust the merits of the great atoning sacrifice offered by 'The Prince of Peace.' So will you prove yourselves to be ' disciples indeed.' In a certain sense there is a f ulfilpaent of this ancient prophecy at every Christmas-tide. ' They joy before Thee as in the joy of har vest, and as men rejoice when they divide the spoil. . . For unto us a Child is born, unto us ft Son is given.' The day which has come to be associated with the birth of the Saviour is now made a day of rejoicing all over the civilised world. In Correggio's famous picture of the Nativity, significantly called? 'La ; Notte' ('The IS'ight') there is darkness and gloom without ; the only light in the picture ; comes from the newborn Child in the centre. It is a poem as well as a picture. It is a Go_3 pel indeed, if we read it aright. This world is ? wrapt in night, in darkness and gloom, until the Holy Child appears ; and in Him we find, and from Him alone there come, true light i and joy. ! But though the prophecy is certainly in a ] generaleense fulfilled in the joy of ourChriatmas- ' tide, it is sad to think how much of our so-called ; Christmas joy is Chrigtlese. and thereforehollow and vain. How many, alas, are_ content to : have a Christmas without Christ in it, a Christmas joy which has no connection whatever with the Saviour of mankind ! Shall we enjoy the gifts and forget the liiver of them all? seize the joy or Christmas, and forget Sim who by his bitter agonies made human joy a : real and lasiieg thing ? Ah i friends, if we do j so, there are days of terrible darkness awaiting us. The time is comirjg when tbe light and joy of earthly homes shall be only a memory of | the past, when all shall be dark, except for the t light- that comes from the Holy Child, all : dreadful, except for the comfort that comes : from the 'Prince of Peace,' ' Behold, all ye ; that kindle a fire, that compass yourselves , about with sparks : walk in the light of your fire, and in the sparks that ye have kindled. : This shali ye have of mine hand ; ye shall lie I down in sorrow.' Let us all then make this a genuine Christmas : by eeeking and finding our highest joy in ' Christ, Ye who know Him not come to hia feet now. It will be the happiest day of all your lives. And ye who know Him see that ycu do not limit the outflow of your love to your children and friends, or even to the poor, who at this Etason are made glad by your bounty ; but bring again to your Father ia Heaven, to your loving Saviour, your b3St gift, the gift of yourself consecrated afresh, devoted heart arid eoul to His service, and glorying above all in that 'name which is above every name,' the name gi Him who is 'called Wonderful, Counsellor, The migbty God, The everlasting Father, The Princa of Peace.' j 