CONGREGATIONAL UNION. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. On Tuesday evening, a good congregation assembled to hear the address delivered by the Rev J. Walker, which was as follows: - " Fathers and Brethren of our Congrega- tional Union,-We are assembled at this annual gathering with the shadow both of bereave- ment and disappointment resting upon us. Two of our standard bearers have recently fallen. The Master whom we love and serve has called two of our ministers to their rest. The Rev. Wm. Brown, of Goodna, came to this colony in January, 1883. He was then in failing health, which our bright and genial climate could only soothe, but not heal. For a short time at Bundaberg, and then at Goodna, he laboured for Christ as his strength per- mitted, and he did not labour in vain. His bright cheerful piety, manifested amidst increasing weakness, exerted a strong influence for good which will long remain. 'He being dead yet speaketh ' The Rev. J. B. Evans, B. A. , came to us with his young wife in November, 1883. He had just finished a brilliant college course; but disease of the lung had laid its fell hand upon him. He came to us under medical advice, hoping that with God's blessing he might regain in sunny Queensland that health which it seemed hope- less to expect in England. Alas' this hope was not fulfilled. At Southport, and then at Roma, he laboured amidst declining strength, but laboured in such a way as to make all who came in contact with him feel how Christly and cultured a spirit was passing away. He would preach the Gospel he loved so much even when it was evident he was dying. Amidst physical feebleness that made a profound impression on those who saw and heard him, he preached on Sunday, 28th August, and on the following Tuesday he passed away to the better home. May God bless the widows who have been bereaved, send more labourers into the Gospel harvest- field, and help us so to live and Iabour that when the call comes we also may be ready for the Master's presence, and for the Master's joy. We meet here also under a strong sense of disappointment. Since it was first stated that Dr. Dale and Mr. Albert Spicer were about to visit the colonies, we have eagerly expected the pleasure and advantage of their presence in Queensland. We need so much, perhaps more than the older colonies, the stimulus and help which such a gifted deputa- tion could not fail to impart. Both our sor- row and disappointment were great when we heard that illness would prevent Dr. Dale from coming so far North. We had postponed these meetings to this time, with the view of having our English visitors with us. But even Mr. Spicer had in part to disappoint us. In order to catch the boat for Samoa, which leaves Sydney to-morrow, he had to pay us a hurried visit last week instead of this. To Dr. Dale we tender our warmest sympathy in his affilia- tion, and pray our Heavenly Father soon to restore him to perfect health and strength. To Mr. Spicer we give our heartiest thanks for his brief visit, and the inspiring influence and pleasant memories it has left behind. To our- selves, as Congregationalists of Queensland, the principal event of the past year has been the publication by my venerable friend and predecessor in this chair, of a history of ' Con- gregational Independency' in this colony. This work was, I believe, the first of its kind on this Australian Continent. Mr. Wight, with his fine literary ability, and also as having been the first Congregational minister in Bris- bane, was specially fitted to undertake such a work. I need not speak of its merits as a most interesting record, or as a memorial of pioneer work that will become more valuable as the years roll by, but I may urge all the members of this union not only to possess it themselves, but to endeavour to secure for it an entrance into every Congregational home in the colony. There is another recent event to which brief reference must be made before dealing with the special topic of this address. I refer to the jubilee celebration of the Congregational churches of South Australia in September. Much was expected from that conference, and expectation must have been extra- vagant indeed if it was not amply realised. No such gathering of representative Con- eregationalists has ever met in Australia before. The papers read and discussed were worthy of the occasion, dealing with subjects affecting the mental, spiritual, and practical life of our churches. The public meetings were crowded and enthusiastic, and the speeches, especially those of Dr. Dale, will remain as pleasant and inspiring memories for a lifetime. Mr. Wight, Mr. Peter M'Lean, and myself were your privileged representa- tives at that conference, and we trust that the honour and interests of our Queensland churches did not suffer at our hands. With those prefatory remarks concerning matters which affect us as a Congregational Union, let me ask your attention to the ' Word of God, in its relation to our Con- gregational Church life and preaching.' Not very long ago, the Church of Christ and its divine charter, The Word of God, were frequently attacked by philosophic doubt from without. A refined materialism and a dreary agnosticism seemed either to be questioning our most cherished beliefs, or coolly assuming that from a scientific standpoint they could not be successfully defended. That condition of things has very much changed within the last few years. Two or three things have been helping on this desirable and healthful change. Scientific men have had so frequently to revise their own conclusions in the domain of nature that the sceptically inclined amongst them have lost much of their influence in speaking of mat- ters that are spiritual. Men naturally reason thus:-That if in their special sphere scientific experts sometimes mistake hypothesis for fact, it does not become them to speak with the dogmatism of infallible authority on subjects of supreme importance, which lie outside their sphere. Then again, the strongest and bitterest attacks on our faith by sceptical scientific may have been more than neutralised by the living faith and Christly lives of other men of science of the very highest attainments and reputation. There are not any names that can be quoted on the anti-Christian side that carry with them more weight in the scientific world than the Thompsons, Sir William Dawson, Dollinger, and Gray. So that here, as well as among men of other classes. God and the truth have never been without their witnesses. Please note again that while attacks have been made on Christianity from without, there has been a many-sided movement and advance within. Most of the sections of the Christian Church have been coming nearer to each other, making more of their points of agreement and less of their little differences. They have, with more or less faithfulness, continued their beneficial course of Christian activity. They have wrought moral and spiritual miracles in the name of Jesus Christ, and by the power of the Holy Ghost. They have fed the hungry, clothed the naked, healed the sick, cast out devils, lifted up battered, bruised, and degraded human lives, and have given to all who have subjected themselves to a living Saviour new lives, new hopes, and new enjoyments. In the Provence of results like those, no attacks on Christianity from without will make either a deep or an abiding impression. The strength of Christianity lies in the manifestation of its spirit and fruits. These prove its divine origin, and are the pledge and promise of its complete victory. But while the attitude of sceptical scientific men to- wards Christianity is assuming a more respectful character, there is a suspicion, more or less widespread, that another and far graver danger is threatening the spiritual life of our Free Churches. Many a citadel has survived the fiercest and most prolonged attacks from without which has afterwards fallen through treachery and unfaithfulness within. It is not only whispered that the paralysis of doubt is beginning to affect our Churches, but there are those who assert that this deadly leaven has been at work for some time and has already produced disastrous results. The recent utterances on this subject in its relation to his own denomination by perhaps the most popular living preacher has deservedly awakened wide- spread interest and attention. Some lively correspondence in British newspapers on Mr. Spurgeon's serious charge has assumed that it affects both branches of the Congrega- tional Churches of England. If there is any real ground for the strong statements that have been made it is well that they have become public, and in the interest of that Christianity which is dearer to us than life, it is desirable that they be earnestly and prayerfully considered. We have everything to gain by publicity and discussion if only the Christian spirit is manifested. Those who have watched the career of Mr Spurgeon for the last thirty years must feel that it can be a pleasant position for him to be an accuser of his brethren. The controversy having we shall serve no good purpose, either to truth or to ourselves, by getting angry with him who has publicly started it, or by trying to break the force of his statements by dis- paraging his powers as a theologian. It will be much better for all of us to see how far we as Christ's redeemed servants are standing for the defence and propagation of the Gospel as revealed in the scriptures. In this way the words of the great Baptist preacher, despite their apparent harsh- ness, will serve an important practical purpose to the free churches of Christendom. We venture to think that they are already doing so, for there can hardly be the present geneial consideration of all that these words involve without a resultant of spiritual good. It is well to romerabei that we lu.ve been parsing through a tiniibition period in lelntion to theology Within tho last goiieiution our con- ceptions of some nspeets of art mo truth, as also our modes of expression, havo greatly changed A piocesB like this may bo noi cusin j at times, but it is ulw ays one of considerable peal It is upt to onrrv us fuithei thiinwo uro justified m gomg Ireodom lins its limit, its responsibility, md its danger Our freedom ns mtorpeters of Christian truth is as wido us tho AVotd of God it is also limited bj that AVord Tins is our strength and JOJ, that amidst all tluiifes of human thought wo havo God s word, which hvetli and nbideth for evoi , tho revelation of the Divino will, which is tho ono rulo of faith and hfo for all the ages since it vins given Wo hnvo no btoicotypcel lnteipietation of that word, to which, as a crood, wo Biibsoribo As spuituul mon, we aio left free that we may be tho moro loyal to the inspired word, and to tho MOW life that God has given usf Wo refuse to be bound bv the traditions of the past, except so far as thoy voice tho living word of to-day. But th¡B liberty brings with it the highest responsibility. It demands that wo should bo unselfish, sincere, and devoted students of tho Book, that in reading it wo sock, as tho minor seeka'for gold, the" enlightening and'guiding influences of tho Holy Spirit, so that usoertuining tho very mind of Christ wo may- bo empowered lo make it known to others. Achilo this is our great privilege, our God-given freedom, to search tlio Scriptures, oaóh man for himserf, it is not without an element of danger. In the words of Robinson, wo boast that ' Godhasyetmorelight to break forth from His word, and that we are preparad to reçoive the light from whatever quarter it muy come.' Those aro beautiful sentimeuts, but they may become idolised, and thus prove a delusion and a Bnare. If Robinson could have foreseen all tho vagaries of religious thought which his words have boon quoted to justify, I tpiostion if ho would havo pormittod any human oyes, except his own, to seo thom. Wo aro under sacred obligations to rcoeivo light from any quarter, but wo must bo sure that it is light. AVo must not bo led away hy the misty vapours of an unregulated imagination, and insist that this is the light which cometh down from heaven. The word of God as wo havo it in tho inspired Book is the standard by which all that wo judge to bo light must bo tested. As this word was the court of appeal in the olden time, so it retains its supreme placo as the revolation of God'a will to-day. 'To tho law, and to the testimony : If they speak not according to this word, it is because Ihoro is no light in thom.' Oui- own Churches will bo strong in proportion as they aro true to Scriptural principios, and oxomplify the spirit of Christ. Do wo not sometimes feel a sense of humiliation and shuino as the evil and lui- Ohristlike spirit which has too often marked the Church in the past is brought 'up as a weapon of reproach against those who are trying to do Christ's w'ork to-day. Even this painful form of dis- cipline will not be in vain, if wo remember that we havo only causo to blush for tho Church of tho piibt when she bus departed from Chris- tian principios, and been unfaithful to the Christian spirit, and if wo ourselves try to exhibit both in tho Christian work we uro doing to-day. Dr. Fairbairn has said that 'to bo a Christian Church is to bo the greatest of all societies, oliargod with the highest und most honourablo of missions-tho nr'ssion of interpreting God to man, of recon- ciling man to God.' If we are to be worthy of this sooiety, and to fulfil this mission, wo must bo pre-eminently people of tho ono Book, and bo suffused through and through with tho Spirit of God, by whom the Book has boen in- spired. In connection with our Congregational Church lifo, preaching tho AVord occupies a prominent placo. It is of more importance to the Free Churches thun to the other Churches of Christendom. Wo have no accessories of art to add to the improsslveness of our services. Wo have neither gorgeous vestments, imposing ceremonies, nor stately liturgiea to attract und iLwo those whom wo gather together for wor- ship. AVo depend upon God's Word, and upon tho presence in oin1 assemblies of tho Divine Spirit. Our forms of worship aro almost as Himplo as in Now Teatamont times, and wo keeii thom so that nothing artificial or mechanical may provent any redeomed soul from tho fullest and freest fellowship with Him whom wo lovingly cull Fathor. But all this iuakoa it of supremo importance that thoso who lead our dovotious in tho sanctuary, mid who stand before us as tho prophets of God and messengers of Christ, should be ' mighty hi tho Scriptures,' men ' in whom the spirit of God ia.' Very muoh has boon written iu our day of tho decline of tlio pulpit, of tho functions of the preacher boing superseded by tho Press. The functions of tho preacher will never ^ ho obsoleto while thoro is uiviuo truth to bo con- served, imperfect boliovers to bo built up in Llio faith of the gospel, and sinful men to ho re- claimed to the freedom and service of Jesus Christ. Oarlyle, in his own terse way, speaks of the nood ot' tho preacher, and puts his finger upon ono of his weaknesses and his noed. Ho says, ' I wish ho could find his point again, this spouking one, and Btiok to it with tenacity, with deadly energy, for thero is nood of him yet.' Ah, that is it, sticking to his point. Is thoro not a well- grounded tear that wo often got away from our points. A fow yonrs ago a rotited but influential Baptist minister of Liverpool said that after n pastorate of forty years ho had boon privilogod to listen to thoir ministers in different parts of tlio counhy, and ho had been deeply impressed with this fact, ' that ns a rulo, in their preaching, they aimed nt nothing particular, and wero wonderfully successful in hitting the mark.' The Bov. Edward AYhite, in his address from the chair of tho Congregational Union of England and AVnlcB in May of last your, used thoso words, ' If I might venturo to-day with an oarncst ness which neutralises oven the sense of juorsoiuil unworthinoBB, to exhort my younger brethren to uny one thing-, it shall be lo conjure thom to press upon sinful dying mon of all ranks of intelligence the message of grace in Christ Jesus ; that is the immediate* and thorough forgiveness of sins with the gift of eternal life-as the secret nt once of poae'o with God and purification of heart.' Ho adds ' I last j'ear listened to Bernions in various churches for six months, not one of which waB marked by Ulis leading topic of aposlolio pveuuhing.' Surely if these testimonies ropro sont to any oxtont the general ohnrnotor of preaching, wo havo lost tho point, and hud better Book speedily to find it again. Au apoallo, who in spirit, zeal, intelligence, and consecration may well servo ns a modol for every Christiau pernoher, 6aid to tlio Corin- thians, ' I determined not to know anything among you, savo JBSUB Christ, and him crucifiod.' And to tho Gulatians, ' God forbid that I should glory, savo in the oross of our Lord Jesus Christ, bjr whom the world is oruoified unto mo and I unto tho world.' Ho found his point, and bj- it he moved tho world. He stuok to his point, and sinners were Bnvcd, anil ohurohes foundod in nearly overy placo vvhioh ho visited. He sought to stand on Büro ground. He wus as broad as the Bible, as narrow as the truth, and so unselfish in his devotion to tho sorvioo of Christ and humanity thut ho counted all things but loss that ho might bo found in Christ; yot would havo boon willing to havo beon cut off from Christ if by that means the Israelites, his kinBmen according to tho flesh, could havo been saved. It is ours as picaohers ot the glorious Go»pel not to mutilato the Bible, but to expound it, as the uplifting and nispuing lovelation of God to man, not to whittlo down tho suporn ittutil facts of Chiistianity to a vanishing point, but to realtso the presence of the Divine Spirit, to rejoice that w e haï o tho illimitable íesouioes of tho usen and ascended Sav lour behind us in oin woik Not lo pre ich to satisfy tho spuit ot tho ago, hut so as to 111 fiuonco it with .New Testaiuont punciples and tiausfoim it by the spmt of Josus Cluist Brothron lot us who mo called to tench or preach find tho pomt, and stick to it-hud it wheio it onbj can bo found, in the ivotd of God, and m tho ibidinç presence of the Divino Spirit And as worejoico in oui calling wo bhall bo able to «ay ii ith an onthuii-ism horn of a renew ed oonfidonco-' I am not ashamed of tho Gospel ot Chiist, for it is tho power of God unto saliation to every ono that boheieth ' Tlieio aro many features of our Congregational Cbuioh hie and work, and their relations to the Word of God, which m tins addiess I have not boon able to touch Let me sai m fow words that as Congrogntiounbsts ii e aro not children of tho croods, but of the Soiiptures Tho AVoid of God is tho law of our lives and om guide to tho kingdom of heaven Hence this AVord lins relations to us eieiyivhero and m oveij tlung The Biblo should bo m tho church buildimr, m tho ivoishipping-plnco of tho Christian assembl), but it should also be m tito Christum famili, and, m n veri nnpoitant souse, m the Christian's heiut The P&almi-t; «nid ' Thy word have I lud in my henit, that I mierlit not sin tisratnst Thee ' Tho Apostle John and 'I havo written unto you, young men, be- cause 3 e mo strong and the AVord of God abidoth m ion, and yo haio overcome tho nicked ono ' As mdiv idtia.1 Christmas mid as Congregational churches v, o may coufidentli tako our stand on this sacred book, for ' tho word of tho Lord is tried ' TIIOBO who rojoot, or in any way degrado it aro not hkely to havo any great in- fluence for good upon humanity The men who havo wrought most Biiccessfullj for thou broth« man in the past havo boen men who loved this book Its mfluenco upon tho roming generations will not be lett than upon thoso w ho haï o passed awaj Tho Biblo is the oldest boo»! in the world, yet it is always new ; it isas fresh and life- giving now as the bun which shono upon us this morning. The work it has to do mid tho wonders it has to achieve aro manifold. It will yet help in the solution of tlio most important social and political prob- lems. It will help to widen the kum of human liberty-to bridge tho chasm whioh soparntes different classes-to soften the asperities and multiply the omenities of life, mid with tlio divino Saviour and over present spirit whom it reveals, it will help to bring back the whole world into Bubjootion to God." WEDNESDAY.; The business of the Congregational Union of Queonbland was resumed at 2.30 this after- noon. After the meeting had been opened with singing and prayer, the treasurer brought up the matter of grants' to the assisted ohurohoB, whioli wero mado as follow :-Bun- daberg, £100 ; Southport, £40 ; Gatton, £30 ; Townsville, £70 ; Peak Mountain, £35 ; and Roma, £50. The grants wero in every caso adopted on the recommendation of the Exenu tivo Committee. The adjouruod discussion on the amended rules was concluded, and the recommenda- tions of the Executive Committee wero adopted. A vote of sympathy was unanimously passed with tho Rev. D. Mossop, in the deop afflic- tion which his failing health and almost» absoluto loss of sight have thrust upon him. Arotes of sympathy wero also passed with tho bereaved widows of the late Rovs. J. B. Evans and Brown. It wus decided to instruct the Executive Committee to consider tho best moans of dealing with the ministerial fund, and report at the next annual mooting. The following motion was agreed to :-" That this assembly desires to place on record its high sense of obligation t,o the Congregational TJnion of England and wales for Um kindness and sympathy shown by sending the Rov. Dr. Dolo and A. Spicor, Esq., as a deputation to tho Congregational Churches of theso colonies ; and furthor to oxpress its thankfulness to tho latter gentleman for tho valuable services ho has rondored to our churches in Queensland by his stirring addresses and kindly interest in our welfare. A voto of thanks personally to Mr. Spioor was passed. It was decided that the deputation ap- pointed by the union of England and WaloB, Rov. Dr. Hanny and Mr. Goddard, to visit Australasia, should bo specially requested to visit Queensland. Tho Executivo Committoo was instructed to arrango for meetings of ministers and laymen for the revival of faith and piety in tho churoh. A voto of thanks WSB accorded by acclamation to Mr. Geo. Wight for his excellent little book on Congrogational principles and reminisconces, published during the past year. It wus re- commended to overy member of tho Congro- gational Church in Queensland. Mr. WIOIIT signified his intention of presenting a copy of tho abovementioned book to overy Congrega- tional Sunday school and mutual improvement class in tho colony. A cordial volo of thanks, on tho motion of Mr. SCOTT, was passed to the Colonial Mis- sionary Sooioty for their very generous support during tho past year. A vote ot thauks was passed to tho Rev. J. Walker for his address last evening ; also a general voto of thanks to the retiring chairman, officers, and committee. This brought the labours of the union to a close. 