: TASMANIAN SCENERY The following graphic 'description, of. -an exploring expedition is communicated by our Castra correspondent : — ..??-.?? i Becently, whilst out prospecting with a friend, I met, with! some very rich and yet lightly timbered land, and the grandest' forest scenery I have over seen. The first ot' These was the Horseshoe Fall, in the Caetra rivulot; and situated only ' about half-a-mile froixrthe reserved township of Nietta. This fall is named from its peculiar shape, and is from 20ft. to 25ft. in height, whilst immediately above liea a dark hole of perfectly still water, which is in striking contrast to the headlong fury of the falls. The whole is overshadowed by £ae large myrtle trees. .Following this rivulet down we caine' to several falls of minor 'importance, whilst in Camp creek, a 'branch of this one, we found a remarkably pictureBquo.fall. This fall is not exactly perpendicular, but is a very steep rapid of abotit 40 yards in length. Standing at ?fchejbase one can get a glimpse of the ?water for the wholo distanco completely over- arched ,by ibeautif ully foliaged trees and) shrubs/' sonio; of the latter bearing berries ; -6i: various kinds and colours. Looting up this natural archway the ?water appeared like molten silver/ whilst lere and there a stray sunbeam lit it up, 'with! a dazzling brightness, 'forming a' striking contrast to; the. dark grey 'rock's. The.manyTsha.ded green of the foliage, and little bright dots of coloured berries, all combined to make a scene that will remain fixed in my memory., .,.. , , ^ ,, .,,-, r,'- ? Leaving this 'creek, we once'mbrestruck ' 'tbr Castra rivulet, and following' its coimje^ ?for about a mile w'e'cain'e to some* very scattered promiscuously, abou^the^bed of the/creek.; , After/ 'a 'short', distance of this., to ' ''noticed ' tHat' ' th'e .//water /seembd' to |suddenlNy disappear, whilst a ' suppr'esseii roaring greeted; 'bur ears; A few yards further an'd' we ,cpnie i to 'a. standstill on the', T3ry verge 'of an awful 'prebipiqe, /pver, which the water tumbled into the yawning abyss below. On'' the', very' verge, and, hanging' over the water,' * wore' several bushes-loaded with the'.! pretty] wax cluster,' berries, some 'of J them' as large \ as cherries. ; One peculiarity I noticed whilst; looking; at'! ?the.falls beneath mewas that with! suet a large volume of water, 'therejsbbuld b'e '.very little noise heard at , the' top. ! After, some1 ' . further observations,1 1 came to the conclu sion that I had discovered /tiie ' pause,' Viz'.'.' ' this deep 'gully,, all sides.'of; which are'1 perpendicular to ' a 7 height //( of',,'seyera} ! hundred feet, conies to an |ab'rupt'end 'near/ the foot/ of the . fall, and ''fr^m'.tne'n'cey winds away ' to . the north 'arid 'east, in -very much ' the ?shape ' oE' the' human ear, and I believe thus/carries the «ound. away. '.' This seems: the' more pro bable as' in'thbse ! directions the, :spund, of these falls can be distih'etly! heard; three or four miles distant in the winter' time. Leaving our out-look we commenced the descent, and after some very rough gcramb ,ling, sliding, and tumbling' we', arrived at a kind of ledge of rocks some 20ft.- in-width.. Here there is a: deep hole into which' {the, waters from above pour: with 'uriab'ating. fury as though they would teaFaiuricjer. 'the j narrow band of rock' which holds them 'back.'' .Rushing over these obstacles |the water takes another leap, and after some further scrambling we gained this.secorid ledge of only a few feet in width. Stand ing here olose to the rush and roar of -the -waters and midway down the cliffs, with -the 'cool spray beating in my face, I was awestruck with the exceeding beauty of the scene. The water above /me: ap-r ?v peared- like snow' in the sunshine, whilst within*'^- few, feet- was a : beautiful rainbow in miniature, the colours corning ?out very distinctly. After standing lost in' admiration for a few moments 1 looked' round, and finding that my companion was ' already some distance below, I reluctantly, turned and recommenced the descent. After scrambling downward' some ; 20ft. . further, a small bush that I had caught 'hold of for support gave way, and I sud denly slipped some 7ft. or 8ft. over a wet, ?slimy rock, just managing to stop before I came to a place over which, if I had fallen, would have been almost certain death. This narrow escape gave me rather a start, but after several more jumps and scrapes I reached the bottom in safety, some five minutes after my friend, whom I found .?itting down having some lunch. The falls from the rocks at the base look truly grand, being in all about. 150ft. in height, whilst ? for the lower 30ft. the water is spread over, a great black rock of about 20ft. in width. At the edge of the cave we found a wall 6ft. ?or 7ft. high, and running about 12fl\ into the hill. This cave must be partly filled with water in the winter time, as its floor was bestrewn with pieces of water worn wood, some of them being of fantastic :shapes, others being round and smooth like pebbles. These fulls, from their inaccessi bility,' are-little' knov.n' and from what I have heard have never been named. Passing along the creek after some short ?distance our further progress was com pletely barred, the walls of , rook rising abruptly on either side, only 10ft. or 12ft. ?apart at the base, with deep water between. ' Retracing our .steps, we made- up the ?' /first-,-' place ? at ? all practicable. On _we toiled; up.tip, up, slipping and j-f ten ?falling, till at last after .thinking .'that our bodifes would soon.melt- if we had'ariy'fur ther'of. such walking; we reached a large . bfid of innHS'-p.ft AlmnRh iiYilrwrtxirM 'iiaWfU «Vi/i' .as soft-arid -smooth as velvet; Here yte~ rested arfew-m'nufc3Sj and T tried.' td find the de^th',rb.ut-'it Vasl.o.ver arm's length; Leaving this we scrambled over rocks and ? through a very thick under growth for some distance, then along the top of the hill until yie got a view of the Deep Creek— or ?rather ;the gully at the bottom of which ?the creek runs— whioh, joins, with the ?Castra rivulet, then / wej once.; more , struck J for our old friend, and as wo went down the steeps we started some large stones j these bounded down {he sides of the hill carrying small scrub of all kinds before them. ; After a.quarter of an hour of this; amusement we once more struck the creek just at the junction, and hero before it joins with the Deep Creek, it takes another double fall of about 40ft. Tl^cre is' a hole here, witli a fall 20ft. above and the same distance below, and yet it is inhabited by dozens of little fish, though how they got there seems strange. This fall has, 1 believe, been frequently seen, and is called the ' Folly Fall,' taking its name from a little incident which occurred there some few years ago, when a young lady of a picnic party foolishly attempted to scale the almost perpendicular and slippery rocks at the edge, the consequence being that she got about eight or' ten feet anil then could go neither way without assist ance. ', Our route from hero lay up tho opposite hill. Just at the foot of the rocka past which our track lay is the Fairy Bower. This is under an overhanging rock, and is a kind of cave, all the sides,: floor, and roof of which are covered by beautiful mosses and ferns ; but its chief beauty is of an evening; at dusk, when it is lighted up by myriads' of glow 'worms, which make it very pretty. About twenty yards higher up the hill stands a fern tree of very .grptesquo appgaTance.beirig.' supported on .three legs or trunks. , Prom here we had a blazed. ..track for/ about half a mile, then we' struck a paling road, and this took us .through what is, gsnorally known, -as the 'Ghost Hole,' and thence on 'to the main ^oad near. Col'.) Bernttrd'sproperty. Having nowgdtonto gbod travelling ground we -made better headway, and arrived- home well tired before midnight.; , ; . ;;- | . ,? , 