ECHOES FROM THECHURCHES Tub Fka.ht of Wkrkh. i catcrday thu Feast of Pentecost, or thn Feast of Weeks, was commemorated at the Bourke-Ktreut Synagogue. This fi-stival is called tho Feast of Weolot on account of Its being computed bv weeks. acTordimr to tlio flth verso of tho lfitu chapter of Deuteronomy, which says : "Suveu weeks shult thou until- lx?r : From tho time that tho sickle is tirfb laid on thu Htauding corn shalt than commence counting seven weeks, and then shalt thou observe the Feast of Wcuko," In that part of tho northern hemisphere where thn '.Tows wero tho heginumg of tho harvest, or Pentecost, or Whit Sunday, was nt this time of the year. The synagogue wan tastefully aud pleasingly decorated with foliage, flowers, and plants, after thn fashion of nn English church adorn- mcnt at a harvest thanksgiving service, which marked thu festival an an agricultural one. TJin singing was praiseworthy, mul evidently en joyed by tho largo congregation. Tho Itov, Dr. Abrahams, who preached thu sermon, bused his remarks on tho words, "Thn crass withcreth, thu flower faduth, hut tho word of our God shall stimd forever." It was thu triumph of thiadivinu promise, ho said, that (hey coin- brafc-d year after year in tlio Feast of Weeks.lt was the celebration o! that holy vocation, tlio commencement of tho harvest in tho Holy Iaiid and of tho dclivoryoflhoLawoiiMount yiuni. More than three thousand years had elapsed since God si>okoa to llis assembled penult) at tlio foot of Hmuiontof tlio thick darkness. Mighty and powerful nations lmd since appeared on thu world's stngu, and had (Kissed away, though they were announced with all the pomp and splendor of war, fame, mid ronown. In exceptional instances they might havo oxerted lasting iufluonccs on tho civilisation of mankind, but their place knew them nu more. Philosophical systems had been pro|xuindcd by men of every ura, which tlio following generation wns ant to reject as untenable, if not absurd and pre- I)9Rterous. Tho Word of God alono ind outlived ages and nations. It was old, hut not antiquated. In it wero fouml the dignity of venerable old ago and the vigor of energetic youth. Did uot their- wis dmn and their understanding, ns well am nil the civilised and cultured world of to dav, au- knowledge tho lofty standard of thu ifubrow Scriptures? Did tliuy not found their laws ou those of tho Jewish people? And did they nob pour' forth their soul in grotitudo to thu Creator by means of thoso pralms mul hymns of prnlsu that had been composed by Israel's inspired wri tors? Therefore it was that they decorated the synagoguo ou thu Feast of Pentecost with flowers and emblems of pros- perity as tokens of thu promise and tho beauty and the strength with which tho wholo faco of Nature was adorned at the commencement of harvest timo— ovon as thu bridu veiled hersolf with flowers and ornaments at thu commence ment of tho summer of her life, when about to celebrate tho ancient and honorable marrlago ceremony— which declared that the Law of God was not only an inheritance unto them, hut betrothed and united unto Israel as part aud parcel of tier existence. Judaism was pre-oiuinuutly q practical religion. It wns founded for tho inhabitants of tho earth, No Israulito, tnio to his mission, would withdraw himself entirely from tho field of practical life, for Judaism y/M prc-ctmtumtly a religion of action. Reli gious men of thu Jewish rncuwerti nob called men or thought, nor ovon mmt of faith, but men of action. Tlio Prophet declared that tho Eternal did nut create this world in vain ; that IIo created it to bo iuhabited, nnd to bo in habited by those who could appreciate it. Thoy would thus bo able to tmderatand how the spirit of Judaism would continue to penotrafa1 every ago and land with tlio constant vigor of never-fading youth. It had tho power to stamp the impress of its teachings iiH>n every generation, and it could adapt it- self both to the momentous questions of national lifo and thu seemingly individual ami insignificant questions of their everyday life. Thoy had thus learned that (heir religion was uot nnpossiblu unto them either in thu heaven above their 'roach or boyond the sea beyond their reach. Let them carry away with them as tlio result of their festival what their faitji was, and let tiiom. uj>on this aniil- Yorral-y, vnew their covenant; of old with God, A similar service took placo yesterday movh- ingat tho Albert street Synagogue, East Mel bourne. whero thero was a largo gathering. The iiitorior of the Synagogue was claborAtcly and prettily decorated with plnutn, flowers, overgreens, etc., the labor of love having been undertaken by tho ladies of tho congregation. Thorogularchoir, conducted by KIrL. Wnxinnn, was assisted by a quintott of guntlumon, and tlio singing was ? excellent. Mr M. Michclson road thu service with good effect, and the Kov. Isidore Myers read the Law. Tho Rev. Kir Myers discourse wns based ou the 4th chapter of Deuteronomy, from the 5th lo tho fltli v;rses. This day, ' ho said, which com- inrmoratcd the wedding ceremony muter tho canopy of tho firmament, amidst the music of thu elements, and in the presence of earth ami heaven as witnesses, suggested two lessons, nmongst others, to the thinking .Tow, First, that tho Jewish religion, or rather its spirit, as distinct from its form, was capable of being tested by the fight of godlike reason, Secondly, that Judaism contained thu ele ments for promoting man's happiness, A belief in ouu universal spirit, standing to each human being in the relationship of Protector, saviour and father, was one to which their reason said Amen. Tho doctrines of Judaism were so simple that they only required to be understood to bu approved of. It wjls i aliens! to hold that thero was one universal jK>wur. or universal intelligence, that created all, saw all, and guided nil. The knowledge thnt man was the image of his Maker., whoso love for him wns more tender than even that of a mother for her child, must render man happy. Judaism, then, was a rational religion, ami ui»€ calculated to mnko mankind happy. Man, again, desired to know why ho was so great, and yet so .small ; so strong, nnd yet so weak ; at oncu a littlu lets than angel, and yet a mero worm. Tho Jewish religion answered: Becauso ho was thu imago of his Maker, nml thnt thnt imago was to bo kept puro and unsullied by his own efforts ami energy. When the question arose, which was the most im|Hu-tuut verso in thu Bible, a teacher iiointed to thu first verse of tlio Dth chapter of Genesis "for the day that God created man, in tho imago of God created Ho him." The recognition of the fact tliat man was formed iu God's iinagunt once created that sympathy which bound all mankind together. As they wero tho childrcu of God, their lovo fur their heavenly F ather could best bo shown by acta of lovo to All God's children. Hcnco tho very essence and soul of Judaism was found to bo love. And what could render nyin more happy than tho knowledge that ho loved and was loved? What wonder that a religion whoso basis was lovo should havo survived all other religious systems— that the seeds sown wero producing a rich nnd abundant harvest ? Well might they exclaim with tho Jewish Rabbi, who said, in tho Ethics of tho Fathers, « Beloved is man, because ho was created in tho imago of God; beloved are wo because wo are tho children of God ; beloved aro wo becauso wo havo received tho. precious jowel wherewith tho world is created." That precious jewel, tho spirit of Judaism, was still in existence, and was still establishing a moral world. Judaism taught self-control, solf- doninl, Bclf-sacriflco, patience, and resignation. It exhorted man to.devoto his life to goodness, and to dcBpiso idlo piety. It taught tho abso lute equality of all men. It entered into all tho relations of life, and regulated society with a view to amking all its members better, | nobler, and happier. In a word, Judaism taught thotman's ideal, m respect to his eon- duct, was Uod klinsolfj tho imago was to bo liko tho dlvlno model. 1 As their Heavenly Father was puro and holy, and merciful, so should bo man. At this moment there wore millions of human boinn who had not boon bom in tbo Jewish faith, but who, in their heart of hearts, wero, to all intents and bur .pOAQR, Jews, mc&usp; found that tho purer principals of Judaism were based Upon reason and love. These two elements word a guarantee that suoh a religion would contlnuo to the end of Ml time, Iter B, RoomeoK ok Oobiositl . ReYS. Robinson's Sunday oveningleoture, at East St, Hilda Presbyterian Onurob, was pq Cariosity, addfttsed to young mem but, unfortunately, there was a very thin congre gation, in. which young man wore conspicu ously a absent. However Mr Itohinson was more in touah with questions of tho day than Presbyterian ministers usually aro. lie effectively demolished the absurd saying tliat young men havo to sow thoir wild ontH. Ho oxposcd tlio mischief of visiting hcoiioh of vice to gain oxperioncti. TiiuTurf and tho Theatre camo in for his condemnation. Young 'mon had said to him, "Wlint do you knowabouttho theatro ? You novor go there." Woll, ho main tained tho priuciplu ut avoiding all appearance of ovi). Kir Robinson' utterances might, perhaps, ho more open to criticism whon ho warned young men not to look nt nny infidel literature. In banning vicious kookH nobody could withstand hiui, hue una fult that thu judgment on infidol literature might l>o too wholesale. Kir Robinson, though, touolied ujKjn so many points in Ids sermon tliat he had uot timo to cxiKMiuri this ixiinb fully, and per haps, if ho came lo detail, critics would be at ono with him. 1 lo said infidel literature ought to bo left by Christians to their ministers, who hnd, perforce, to study it in ordor to refute, very good, but Kir Robinson needs to furnish an Index KxpurgntoriiiH, so that young mou may know wiinthor thoy aro to avoid Strauss, Reiian, Buelclu. Coleiiso, oven Matthew Arnold and thu Rev Chus. Strong, all of whom would come under strained de finitions of Infidel, by somu of tlio Melbourne Presbytery, together with Emerson and Oarlylo. In fact, Kir Robinson should dovoto a whole Sunday sermon to Reading, or to In fidel Literature. lie umdo a remarkably good lilt in illustration of tho saying " A little learning is a dangerous thing." This was in a reference to the employment nf Iwy lalwr on tlio Victorian Railways, and tho writor may odd, iu paron- thesis, that, as hu returned lo Melbourne from Mr a Robinson's serniou.hu sawn Rinalllxiy pulling thu signal (Mimts nt Middlu Park station, nnd then doRhing into tho oflico to look nftor the tickets or something. Thin gavo added point to Kir Robinson, who reninrked thnt if tho boy rmployed at Trahran know nothing whatever of signalling, 'ho would uot havo been entrusted with tho dnngar signal. Becauso a boy know just a little about signalling, half a (lo/.on people might bo killed nnd a hundred wounded, Such things might lie. Kir Robin son has a trenchant vein of sarcasm, which seldom '.fails to find vent with stinging effect. In tlio pows llmro wero copies of thu syllubus of thn Young Men's Association. It seeuiH to havo too many Parliamentary Nights, not enough dovotou to real knowledge and tho elucidation of truth. A fist is also given of a course' of lectures arran ged by distinguished divines. Aud here, too, ono fancies that tho burning ques tions of the timo are avoided. But tins may l>o fanciful. Evidontly a determined effort is being mndu to benefit the young men cf thu church, and this in itself is praiseworthy. There is n deal of fast fifu at HtlCildn, far too much of thu gambling, drinking, wanton living, and so forth, whiuli Mr Robinson faith fully dealt with ami castigated. J fo was some what Irampnred by- jHxiplo innisting on a .Sunday night lecture bearing many traits of tlio sermon. I lis "Curiosity" might bo turnod into n l>owerful week night luoturu, It was a trifle over Suiidnyish. Tlio Kov H. F, Tuukor, Incumbent oi Christ Church, South Ynrra, who has recently returned from Kuropo, preached on Sunday evening at St Martin's, lfawknburn, from tho text. Dout. xxxiii., 25— As thy days »o siiail thy strength ho. Referenco was made to tho Spirit which animated nil things in Nature whiuli sprang from God, who is tho " Soul of thn urn verso." Tho Jews were IioIjhnI nover to forgot this— that tho earth is, nnd ever was thu Lord's," aud tho ful ness thereof. Tho Holy Ghost vouchsafed to givo his own Spirit unto men. Man's ex tremity becomes Gods opiiurtunity. Thn funst of 1'euticost was adverted, and tho harvest ser vices as conducted in England graphically described, at- whioh tho worshippers could from their devotion hu scon to bo filled with thu JInly Spirit. The progress being inado by thu church showed, too, tliat it woo animated by tiiu Divino Spirit. 