A Cttwst Stay. Thkbx was a large party of us commercial travellers in the smoking-room of the George. One of as had started the subject ot ghosts, and we were very merry over stories of folk, fou and sober, who imagined thejr hadseen a fhost and afterwards found their* mistake, iin Peters, however, who was the oldest man in the room, sat smoking in eileDce. He usually led the conversation of any com* pany he happened to be in, and had besides a large 8took of anecdotes, so that his silence was remarkable. \- * Thinking over a good thing, Paters ?' said some one. 'Yon are very quiet to night.' 'I don't like your joking aoout the sub ject,'said he seriously. 'Ionce saw a real ghost.' Every eye was instantly turned oo lam at this announcement. Peten took a sip of toddy and proceeded to retil his. pipe, remarking at the same time, ' It happened a long time ago, before a lot of yon fellows were born.' Oar cariosity being excited, we pressed him to relate his experience. * It was about 40 yeara ago,'-he said. 'I was quite a young fellow, but 1 held some very good commissions in the wine trade. A traveller's life was very different then; titers were no railways ; Ididmost of my journeys,in a light gig. I had been up through the Highlands as far as Inverness, and was driving over to Elgin, where I saw the ghost. It was a wild night. A storm of wind and hail sprung up, and I made but slow progress. Darkness set' in while I was stall some miles from the tows. The wind was-cold and. piercing, and the hail fell like ,, drops of molten lead npon my face. I don't know that I ever was more miserable. How ever, I comforted myself as well as I could, and longed earnestly for John Laing'a fire side. He had been a customer of my father's, who was on .the road before me. -1 was always sure of a good order and a warm welcome from old John. Well, I say, I was heartily wishing myself at his fireside over a tumbler of toddy, when the wind lulled a little and the moon came out, and to my surprise 1 saw coming towards me no other than John Lai tig himself, accompanied by a tall, dark-looking man. "wiiy,-cneax, * are you so far from borne on anch a night, Mr. Laing T' He did not answer, bat walked on, and as lie passed I leaned over the rig aide to repeat my ques tion. Great Goal his throat seemed cot from ear to ear, and in his band the tall mancanied a razor dripping with blood! I sat spell bound watching them, till the moononoemorebecoiningoDscured, Ilostsigbt of them in the darkness. Hie cold sweat was standing like heads on tny forehead, and I ihoek in every limb. My horwhad been strangely restless since the two appeared, and now that they were behind him he set off for Elgin, despite the wind and rain, aa If the devil were after him. *X drove straight to John Laiag's bouse—' 'And found your friend all aafe and •onnd,' broke in one of as with a laugh. Peters bent forward and said solemnly, 'I found that he had been got in bed that morning with his throat cat from ear to "ear.* A cry of horror broke fno u; bat Peters, waving bis hand to command eQence, continued,' The motive of the crime was clearly robbenv John Laing did not believe in hanks. He bad a small safe in hit bedroom, in which he kept his savings. ! It was epen and empty.* ' Was the criminal never found ?' asked ; some one. * A stranger—a tall, dark nan—had been hanging about one of the hotels for some days, fie disappeared at {he time of the ' murder without paying his bill, but all •fbrtstofind him failed. I waited for poor LaingV funeral, and then made my way southward. When I weat to square up I found that the firm from whom I held my best commissions had taken in a partner, and as he wonld travel I was no longer required. The others I held 'werenot much to depend upon; so I, looked about, and at last got a start from a large grain and floor y&ercnant.; I bad to cover the south of Scotland, and so far into England as New* castle.On my first journey to the lattsr place I put up at the Percy Arms, a nice new hoteL ' I got on very well, and booked Bome luge orders. One evening, as I was re turning rather later than usual, I en countered a tall, dark-haired man in the hotel lobby. He seemed aghast at my appearance, and gesticMUtedwildly.Jsaying, 'The man in thedream 1* He. was In sncb a state of terror that I looked cloaely and ! curiously at him. Z felt a cold rfuVer oome over me aa I recognised trim,i the ghostly man I hod seen withthe blood stained razor that fearful night.-fle -'-re covered his composure long before Idid,;»nd said, with an attempt at a smile/'IhaTe to apologise for my rndenesa. I am 'flie land lord, Mr. Harrw. I was practising for private theatricals—I hope yon did not think me mad.' I tried to Look as if bis explanation was quite satisfactory; and, declining his invitation to step into the bar-parlor, passed on to my room. I did sot sleep any that night. I lay tosaifig in bed, trying to unravel my thoughts about the matter, but it was no use. The bouse seemed strangely quiet, and an eerie feelixg which had hung about tne since my en counter in the lobby became more and more intensified. The shutting of a door some where down stairs seemed . to break the spell. I bounded out of bed and pulled up my blind. It was a beautiful moonlight night, almost clear enough to read by, and to my surprise I saw the landlord, Mr. Harris, sneaking down the street, with a small black bag m his hand. My mind wbb instantly made up to follow him.v I watched which turn he took, and,; hastily dressing, followed as fast as I could. ,, As 1 suspected, he went to the docks. The tide was almost fall, and the London boat would sail inan hoar. I saw him go Aboard, and theft looked about for. a policeman. I bad resolved to venture on a bold stroke. Fortu nately 1 easily secured a constable, and tell ing him I wished to arrest a man for murder he got another. When Harris saw me come aboard with police, he turned ashy-pale. . *1 accuse this man of the murder of John Laing, in Elgin,' I said. 'It's a He!' he shouted, in an : agony of fear.as the officers seized him. * Now, that he was capturcd, the full .re sponsibility of my situation flashed on me. I had absolutely no evidence against, the man—nothing but my own sure conviction, the reason of which I felt sure would only bte* laughed at by anyone else. As we walked to the police office the prisoner continued to glance sideways at me, and to mutter to himself. By great effort I managed to hear, •The man of my dream—the man of my dream.' *.* Yes,'I said, 'the man of mydream 1' He started at my repeating bis words, and the policemen tightened their bold of him, thinking he meant resistance. You need not be afraidj? he said in a shaky voice, * I won't try to escape: I'll confess all when we get in.' , man. He bid in Elgin after (he deed was done till darkness fell, then be stole out of the tovrn. He passed me on thja road, and was terrified by my hailing him by thB name of his victim, and staring at him so earnestly. How I came to see my poor old friend' by bis ride, or to see himself carrying the weapon with which he did the awful deed, no one could ever explain. I have held that it was a vision permitted me, that I might avenge the death of my poor old friend.' * What did Harris meau by the ' man of my dreams,' said one of us, * and what be came of bimf ' He was hanged at Edinburgh,' replied Peters. • My saluting hiin by the name of his victim and staring at him bo earnestly, made such an impression on his mind that he constantly dreamed of me as punning him to hand him over to justice, as indeed I did. Thafa my story. You s^e i have good reason for not thinking ghoBts a fit subject for laughter.' is. He was the very 