A HERO IN SPITE OF HIMSELF.9 " BF ROBERT BUCHANAN. author op "shadow op the sword," "a child op nature, " " ood and toe man," &c.; PART II. Chapter XIV. — Nemesis. Had it shell exploded' in the board-room tlio directors could not liavo evinced more con sternation. As for Kyrlo Melvin, lie almost shrieked in his sudden fear. All eyes wero turned on tho door, through which there entered, witli the old swagger, tlio missing Fothoringay — or his ghost. Ho was elegantly got up, as usual, but there were no diamonds on bis fingers or on his snowy breast IIo entered as if he bad just dropped in for a friendly coil, hut kept his hat upon his head. " Good morning, gentlemen," ho said, gaily. " Deuced cold weather." "Good God! — is it possiblo! — Fothor ingay !" cried Sloauc, staring apoplecticoily. " Living !" cried several directors. "Yes, 1 think so. Melvin hero composed my epitaph ; it was short but beautiful — reijuiescat in pace ; but as I had a voice iu tho matter, I preferred — rcsurgam. Aud hero I am !" Ho looked with a curious smile at the engineer, who tottered as if about to faint. " Then — you — you — escaped? " ho cried. " Looks like it." " And — aud the other ? " Fotheringay walked to the door, " Coma in, Mr. Kelso, and answer for your self." Thereupon Jack entered quietly, and nodded to tlio company. But ho was not alono ; loan ing on his arm was Angela Sloano, and by her sido, darkly smiling, Isabel Raymond. "Augy ! Miss Raymond !" cried the Colonel, finding his tongue. " What's all this ? Why havo yon come here? This place is private. What docs it all mean ?" " It means, sir," returned Jack, " that I havo. married your daughter, and brought her hero to say good-bvo beforo wo sail for England." "What! It's a conspiracy! Thunder and lightning !" " Take it quietly, old man," said Fotherin gay, "you'll have to, if you want to get off with a safo skin. Whatever conspiracy thcro has beeu lins been ono to swindlo tho public, aud you know how far you're responsible. In tho meantime, permit rue to in form Mr. Kyrlo Melvin that a gcntlomau iu plain clothes is wailing for hiin in tho noxt room with a little present iu tho shape of a pair of very elegant steel bracelets ; it fact, a detec tive officer, who will bo charmed to make his acquaintance nud escort him to a nice lodging, furnished at tho expenso of tho State !" " Gentlemen, I appeal to you forprotcction 1" cried tho engineer. "I hnvo served you faith fully. This is a plot to rnin mo !" The directors began to murmur. "What has tho man done? What is all this about ? What is tho offcnco ?" criod several voices simultaneously. " I accuso liim of an attempt to murdor myeelf aud this gentleman in tho Spcruuza mine. His accomplice, Ned Scarie, has been arrested aud lias confessed. " So spoke Fotheringay. As ho did so Molviu's faco was convulsed, and his hand crept into tho breast of his coat, bat beforo he could mako another movement Kelso, who had been watching him closely, crept behind him and pinnod his arms. He uttered a sharp oath as a loaded revolvor slipped from his grasp and fell to tho ground. At tbo samo moment a plainly- dressed man cutorcd, accompanied by a policeman, and at a sign from Jack, handcuffed Molvin in the twinkling of an eyo. Everyone looked scared as tho engineer, throwing off tho mask, gaTe vent to fierce shrieks and curses. ' ' Take him away, " raid Fotheringay lightly, "Don't alarm yourselves, ladies! We have drawn his teeth, you see." Struggling fiercely, Melvin was led from tho room. Fotheringay followed him as far as the door, which he then closed quietly, and turned tho key. An angry murmur greeted this movement. " I think, gentlemen, wo had better conclude onr businos3 with closed doors," said Fother ingay, with a smile. "Miss Raymond, plcaso be seated. Miss Sloaue, hero is another chair. Imagino yourself spectators at tho iast act of n comedy, to whicli yon havo come by my special invitation. " " None ot your high and mighty airs here ! " cried Sloane, striking his fist on the table. " Wo want tyi explanation, aud, by God, wo'll havo it ! Yon may bully our sorvant, but yon won't bully us, you impudent beggar 1" ' Papa," cried Angelq, " plcaso don't ! Mr. Fotheringay won't harm you, if you will only do as he wishes !" More murmurs from tho directors, some of whom began to look pugnacious. " Yon had better hear my friend out," said Jack ; " for your own sakos, I moan !" " Who aro you cried a director, a little fiery Jew. " Wo don't know you ! By what right have you come here ?" " By the right of an honest man who wishes to clear out a nest of thieving scoundrels !" re plied Jack, without tho least anger. " Damnation !" shrieked Sloauc, echoed by au excited chorus. "Permit me," interposed Fotheringay. "My friend is English, and calls a spado a spade. 1 will try to embellish tho plain agri cultural implement, with his permission." "Who is ho? Damn him! who is he? Why have you brought him here ? " said the chorus. " He's a boggar, liko yourself; that's what he is ! " added Colonel Sloane. "He is a beggar, old man " returned Fotli in- gay, "with ten thousand pounds sterling a year. Lot me introduce him to his pocn'ating and pertinacious father-in-law, ia Iiis true name— as Lord Kelso, of ICciso, in the king dom of Scotland." " What ? " ojaculalcd the Colonel. " What ? " echoed the chorus. " But now to business," proceeded onr hero, taking off a glove and throwing it on tho tabic. "There is my— ah !— gauutlot ; achallengoto rascality generally. Gentlemen, wo havo pulverised your engineer ; our next proceeding is to smash your precious South Speranza Gold and Silver Mining Company, totally anu iinuiiy. li, is iuL j vS to decide whether this is to bo done in public or in private. If in public, I will throw open that door, and perhaps, if you nre agreeable, distribute nil round littlo souvenirs like that work by tho departed scoundrel, Melvin, the com pany's engineer." No ono spoko up now, hnt tho directors, sceuting a common danger, spoke together in whispers. Tlio Colonel, nt his wit's end, thought it best to try conciliation. " Fotheringay, don't he a fool ! Don't ruin yourself in the hope of ruining your best friend. We're nil honest men here, and if Melvin has injured you we aro not to blame. " Certainly not," said a director." " If yon aro honest men, do as I request you. Return every penny to the shareholders ; dis solve tho company, annouuee tho truth that tho Speranza Gold and Silver Mine .is , not worth a solitary dime 1" " I dare say," answered Sloano. V Why, come, you know as well as I do that tlio mino is r. splendid concern." " Fudge," said Folboringay. ZZ " If we dissolvo who is to pay me tho money you owe me? Tell mo that. Talk about smashing— why, can't I smash you I I hold your notes of hand, everything I Remember that !" " Sweet, old man, are the uses, not only of adversity, but of liquidation. I stand before yon in puris naturahbus, a beggar, as yoa politely express it, without a penny. But I never felt so rich as I do this morning ; financially, I am Lazarus ; hnt, morally, I am Dives, Crcesus, Rothschild. I wouldn't exchange my rags for the mantle of s king ! " "You are right," said Kelfo. "Quito right," smiled Label, radiantly. "I seo what it is," sneered the Co'.onel. "You want to swindle mo out of my money, to turn upon the rnnn that has fed, clothed, made a man of you, and why? Because yon think yoa will havo that lady's dollars to fall back upon ! But I'll ho a match for you ! I'll have iny revenge ! " " Papa ! " cried Angela. " Yon nro quite mistaken," nnswered Fotfier- ingnv, with a sudden tremor iu his voice. " Your estimate of human nature is inaccu rate. I declined to marry Mis3 Raymond under a fraud ; I resolved to show her what a sham I was, aud to save her, even at the price of my own disgrace, She knows ino now, sir, and is therefore quito safe from any nefarious dosigns that I may havo hud upon her, My only bopo and prayer is that she may ouo day marry a good man, worthy of her, and forget that Charles Folheriugny, adventurer, sham colonel and tho devil's cat's paw ever existed. " " Tho long and tho short of it all is," said Lord Kelso, advancing to tho table, "that this company is a fraud, and must ho broken up forthwith. For the sake of this lady, my wife, and indirectly for my own sake, I will do every thing iu my power to secure a peaceful settle ment, With regard to this gentleman's debt to you, Colonel Sloauc, be under no uneasiness. For tho tiino being consider me his hanker." "No, no, my lord," cried Fotheringay. " 1 protest against it ! I won't have it. Let Shy- lock have my pound of flesh ; let hiin cut il out from my heart if he pleases, and welcome. I am a rascal, aud descrvo it all." "True you are a rascal," returned Lor» Kelso laughing, " bat the rascal saved inylife." "Nonsense!" " Gentlemen, shalt I toil yon what he did 7 continued Kelso, addressing tho amazed com pany. " Whan wo were surrounded by that murdering crew ho fought like a hero. AU was up with us, when .suddenly, with out n moment's hesistation, ho sprang out and faced tho leader of tin robbers. ' Stop !' ho cried ; 'one moment!' Thoy wera so amazed that tlicy censed firing. ' Here aro 'ray diamonds,' he cried, ' worth 20,000 dollars; they aro yours — tako them — hut spare our onr lives !' And as he spoko he droiv off his rings, his breastpin, aud thrust them iu the ruffians' hands ; thou, before tliey had recovered from their amazement, returned to tho shanty. Gentlemen, that device gave ns live minutes, for tho villains surrouuded their leader cud examined tho prize iu the moonlight. It was only a brief respite, bnt it saved us. Presently the attack was renewed. Unable to burst in, they tired tho shanty. But even then heaven sent ns a preserver. The heroic Dunn Smith, sheriff of Speranza, appeared on the scene and attacked our enemy in tho rear. Wc wero saved." "By the sheriff," cried Fothcriugnv, iauglv ing. "No, by you.' You saved us ! That device of yours wns worthy of a hero — it was sublime 1 Aud tho best of tlio joke was, gentleman, that those jewels, with which somo of tho robbers got clean awny, were bogus, every ono of them, not worth fifty dollars." "Which shows," oxplaincd tho other, look ing round with his grandest air, " that even sham jewellery may somotimes servo a sub stantially moral purpose. Can't wo possibly apply tho lesson, supplied by bogus diamonds, to the affairs of a bogus mining company ?" . CHAPTER XV.— The Epilogue. The company foil to pieces, not without com siderablo scandal, hut, fortunately for them selves, the peccant directors managed to escapo punishment. On examination it turned oat that large sums paid by tho sli areholders had already beeu appropriated by Colonel Slonne, who could givo no account of (hem ; hut his son-in-law paid tho money. Before doiug so, however, lie mado it a condition that the Colonel should retire from the fioaucial scene, which he did with the greatest expedition, nnd lived in practic nl seclusion for many years. " Oh, Jack, how good yon are !" said Angela, when this little arrangement had been effected. "Not at all, littlo wife," returned tho honest fellow. "My mouoy is yours, nnd yon nro iny truo Angela, my good angel. You loved mo when you thought inc a po or beggar nud yourself a rich young lady. I tried you in the furnace of adversity, and found yon — sterl ing gold !" Then ho told her how, despising society and loving udventuro. ho had roamed tho world iu disguise, sometimes as a poor artist, sometimes as a common sailor, but always attended by his old boyish friend, Luke Stafford, son of his father's gamekeeper. Bnt he had sown hi3 wild oats, he said, and meant to take his bride home to Scotland, there to reign iu his ancestral home as Lady Ivclso. A full aud true accouut of tho great fight in tho Spcrauza Mine soon appeared in the news papers. The first telegram, sent by an excited Cauaanite, after a hurried interview with Melvin had been premature, of course ; but Fotheringay and Kelso, hearing of it mi their arrival in Ca naan, had bribed the newspaper correspondents — gentlemen of easy morality, and easily dis covered at the local liquor bars — with large sums to suppress further particulars until further notice. This iiad been dono so cleverly that the two gentlemen had been able, as we havo scon, to tako tbo mining company by surprise aud secure tho scoundrel Melvin before ho could suspect the truth. In tho meantime, however, they had telegraphed to Luke Stafford instructions to warn both Isuhcl nnd Augolu of tlio truth, nud to arrange a secret meeting in New York. For tho rest, they had escaped death l>y a miracle — or, as Fotheringay afterwards ex pressed it, a miraclo of impudence. Tho story of the sham jewels was literally true. How Mr. Dunn Smith camo to return upon the scone is readily explainable. Return ing homeward in the evening, tho belligerent sheriff had by tho merest accident caught a glinipso of one of the gang, whom ho seemed to recognise, crawling far up on tho mountains. Ho had pursued him for soma distance, without success. 'I'licu, instead of going home, lie determined to reconnoitre a eccluded raucho many miles distant, where he suspected somo of the gang might bo hiding. This task occupied soveral hours, and as he was turning buck unsuccessful, tho storm overtook him. Used to sleep oat, lto sheltered in tho woods ; and at last, when tlio tempest had spent itself, made frcsli tracks for home. It was lato in tho night when lis again reached tho road. Scarcely had he dono so when bo saw Melvin gallop furiously past, and heard shots from tho mountains ahovo him. In a moment ho suspected ths truth, and hastened to the rescue, arriving, after a long climb, just in timo to sur prise tho ruffians in the rear. The affair was speedily decided by his appearance, for his very namo appalled tbo boldest, and several fled away at his first shot, bnt thrco men fell dead to his rifle, and to his great joy ho wounded and captured the ringleaCie, Ned Searle, with his own hand. Whilo touching on the - —eject let mo chrouiclo tho fact of Kyrlo Mclvin's conviction on tho criminal charge of conspiracy to murder. His trial was a cause eelibre and a godsend to tho newspapers. Lord Kelso and FoibcriDgay hocamo the heroes of tlio hour. Fotheringay particularly took the pnhlie fancy immensely. Fictnres of him appeared in tho illustrated journals, together with highly imaginative sketches of himself sad hi friend defending " the Lonely Shantv in tho Golden Gnlcli." He was interviewed, of course. I am afraid that he rather amazed the interviewers by yielding to his natnral taste for romance ; at nnv rate, in one of the reports ho was described as expressing his belief that he was an illegitimate son of an eminent statesman, by Mdlle. Spelladino, an opera dancer ; in another ho talked of himself of having been a pirate in boy hood, and of having buried an enormous treasure on an island somewhere in the Indian Seas. He was offered a large sum to stump the country as a lecturer, while an enthu siastic manager, hearing of his former ex periences as an actor, was willing to guarantee him 300 dollars nightly for a year's tour of the principal States of the Union. This was glory, of a sort ; but still Fotherin- ga was not nappy, uts love lor Isabel Itay- moad hail grown in proportion to liis own sense of moral unworthiness ; he could not forget her, though ho endeavored to exile himself from her society. Gloomy and wretched, in spite of his fits of assumed gaiety j trad the diablerie which startled the inter viewers, he kept apart. Since his return he had never spoken one word to her which might have been interpreted as a renewal of his old suit ; indeed, he felt that it was hope less. Isabel, on her side, was strangely reti cent and reserved. At last, after the trial and rondomnation of Mclvic, he appeared before J'.er in the hotel where she was staying, and announced his approaching departure from America. 11 Before I go," be said, " let me ask you to forgive me for having troubled your sunny life. IV'e came together by a fatality ; by a fatality, too. wr era tn iwrf T cltnll rnrrxr wllli mo. bliss Raymond, the remembrance of your good ness aud your divine forbearance." Isabel was sealed, while ho bent over her. She looked up quietly and smiled. " How absurd you are she said. "Will you never take life seriously ?" " 1 am serious vote," lie returned, and indeed his pale face and tremulous voice did not belie his words. . " When I leave you I shall doubt less resume my former character of light come dian. That is the worst of good acting ! Even when I am in the death agony somebody will see the humor of it, and admire how I carry it cE I " " You are going away ? Where, pray?" " 1 lmvcu't tho least idea. I shall probably toss up and let ihe Fates decide." " Very ridiculous." " Exceedingly — hut true ! Miss Raymond, I shall probably never see you again." His eyes were full of tears, his voice quite bronco. " If you go, Charles " (how he thrilled at the name !) " what will bacome of mo ? " 'You will ho happy, I trust, as you deserve to he." She raised her eyes to his face, and tlibsc eyes were tearful too. 'I shall never be happy in this world with out you !" sho said. Ho trembled violently, and passed his hand across his eyes ; then he cried — "Isabel, don't tempt me! don't make mo forget myself again ! You are a star of good ness ; I am a peer moth, already singed by the caudle ! I hoped some day to become worthy of you. I know now that is impossible. For God's sake, have pity upon mr weakness, and say good-bye !" "Charles, I love you ! "Isabel, I have not a penny in the world." "But lam rich." " That nlone would keep us asunder." " Then imagine mo poor; or stay! let mo put all my money in a gold and silver mining company, and so end the matter 1" And sho smiled bewitchingly through her tears. " It is not only that, " he cried, " I am an cd venturer. My name is a bye-word. " " I like tho name." " I am a scoundrell" ' 1 No, indeed, you are a hero ! Charles, be honorable, and remember onr compact. When we first met you were to become a hero ia three years. " " Or drown myself!" "Exactly. Well, you have adopted the wiser alternative, and distinguished yourself as I always predicted yon would. You have done more — you have conquered yourself, and grown — what does Rosalind say? — just as high as mv heart. If you abandon me after so long a probation 1 shall have to drown myself, instead of you !" Sho was irresistible. Wifh a cry of joy, he took her in his arms, and kissed her again and sgain " My darling !" aiy nero: "Ah, don't laugh at me ! Isabel. I'll try with all my might to deserve such happiness ! I'll plav light comedy no longer, but go in for Tirtuous leading business. And you don't despise mo ? you don't think me a preposterous cad ? " It was quite clear that she did not, for sho smiled foudly and rested her head on his shoulder. They were interrupted by tho snddeu entrance of a lady and gentleman. " I beg your pardon," cried Lord Kelso. " We ought to have knocked," said his gentle lady. " Never mind," returned Isabel, laughing, 'I'm so glad you have' come. I was just telling Mr. Fotheringay that he was a hero after, all." "So he is, by Jove!" exclaimed his lord ship. See the daily uud weekly journals, passim. " Then Fotheringay, still holding Isabel ronnd the waist, said in the grand ofd manner — " What a free and enlightened press says tntisl bo true. Suppose, though, we put it ia this way — A Heuo, in- Swts of Himself 1" the end. 