. mark twain's version ! j / of hamlet." : The above talented author has put forth a revised edition of the tragedy ..of ' Ham let."--;; According to Twain's idea, " Hamlet, " as it- came from the . ' pen of Shakespeare, was incomplete. Twain' assumes that a man Of Hamlet's melancholy 'and eccentric tempera ment, must, of necessity, have had a younger, brother in the family of a more sprightly and sunny disposition. Twain, sustains .his . theory in .the following ingenious 'arguments ..«« We find in the History of England and Paris adjacent pages, 4, II, 44, .. . Vol. II, the followingdetter from the ! ' King of "Denmark' to Torii Sayers, an old friend of his : — ' : .' ' i : Dear Tom— Those hair-stuffed box- . ing gloves and foils came by the Mark Lane Express (Mark Lane who : ran the Express Company, was a distant uncle of the author, M.T.) in good order — G.O.D. Hamlet, my eldest son, being of a taciturn and '. melancholy disposition, takes very , little stock in the gloves, as a blow v on the nose only serves to increase his : melancholy. Thus I have given ye '< ' gloves- to Billy my second born; who 1 ; is as lively as a cricket on His ,pins, ; and: a jovial lad withal, who 'takes v kindly to ye manly sport of boxing. Yesterday he. thumped liis teacher most soundly on ye bugle, for which ' I rewarded him by giving him a silver- mounted, wassail bowl filled to the uppermost brim with good brown ale. If you make your match with i. Crabble let me know, and send a couple of tickets foru'eats pretty close to the ropes. If: yon want backing, the, whole Exchequer of. Denmark ' and the Sub-treasury thrown in is Yours truly; " ' . Claudius, ... ' : King of Denmark." From ' this historical scrap Mr. ; Clemens ' (Mark Twain) proceeds to reconstruct the play,, holding, with no little show of reason, that Shake speare had lio license— poetical or otherwise— to give ; Hamlet a pro minence not accorded to his younger brother. Twain Continues : — "Other letters from the King to Sayers, now, in my p lssession, being kindly loaned me by the British Museum, go to show that Shake- speare had a grudge against Billy, the younger brother, because, when Shakespeare visited the palace of Claudius, Billy put an old candle- snuffer in Shakespeare's boots, a , frolicsome proceeding, which so in censed the bard that he never forgave the young rascal. People who have, , had candle-snuffers placed in their, boots, can readily appreciate the motives which governed the poet in. making no reference' to Billy in the : play except where he appears to him . Like a mildewed ear ' Blasting his wholesome brother.! mi The events at Elsinore happened as I have written them. , Shakespeare transposed and distorted the facts, and I cannot conscientiously allow these gross; historical mistakes to pass uncorrected." ' THE; PLAY. In his revised version Twain takes liberties with the originalitext,., which : strongly. reminds one of Boucicault y adapting a French drama for the American stage.. In the first act;, where Bernardo and Francisco indulge in a colloquy oil ; the platform along with Marcellus and Horatio, William comes in and sets up refreshments for. the guards out of a little black ' bottle; but refuse the two latter to,, have a secoud pull at the flask, after, rJ , they begin to talk on the grounds that he does not care to encourage ''so' ' pronounced a case of delirium tremens. _ . . v, f The- guards then leave William to Himself, and afteuthey. had disappear ed he bursts into; an immoderate fit . of laughter. y He then slips away,' . and in a side scene, is represented dressing; himself up in his1 'father's j, ; . armour and covering himself with ; mosquito netting, making up as- a I ghost. As soon as his arrangements.;, . . are complete he stalks iu and frightens the wits outi oi Bernardo avid Horatio ' making several turns out iu the side scenes, where he goes to hide, his ' merriment at the success of his' trick.' " / lhen \Hovaiio ik telling Hamlet ol 1 . '"-the.'appaHtidn\ William listens'' with ' ' i, his mouth wide open) apparently 'ransfixed with fear ; but after 'they-" ' are gone he.turns to Hamlet with y t ( 1 ' Hamlet, 'do 'you swallow all ,this ?": Don't you know all these fellows are S as crazy as bed-bugs ? Do you sup- , pose the old man would walk around this castle with his armour on? , What, . in the deuce doe's "a ' ghost want o'f armour ? Besides, a ghost ain't cap able, of ... packing armour ' around. Why, the last' -few years he wasn't hardly able to waddle about in that 6ne-hundred-and-ten pound suit. Don't you' know when he came in from that last dress parade he said he'd be switched: if he'd ever put the old brass togB on again. Pshaw, old boy have some sense." # THE GHOST-WALKING SCENE. In the fourth scene. iFiZZiow gets himself up' inifine sHape and' rehearses ;the gbost-walking scene until he. is entirely/ satisfied, with himself) while he indulges'in' the.f olio wing soliloquy : "Perhaps this won't catch him, oh, no! He'll think it the true business, and no Mistake. If I can get him about II alf crazy I can collar the girl; Blamed if I'd have far to go. " - . In this scene Twain has followed the original text pretty closely. Tlie following extract will give a general idea of his treatments? it : — , Hamlet. My fate cries out, And- makes each petty artery on' this body , , ; As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve. , _ , "(Ghost beckons'.). Still I am called. Unhand me gentle- tnen.l . / ( Breaking Jrom them ). ; , By heaven, I'll "make a ghost of . him that lets me. I say, away, I Go. on ! I'll : follow thee." William. Oh, he s coming, I've got him cranked already, « . The harrowing tale which William, as the ghost, unfolds,- runs in this practical fashion:—" I am thy father's spirit. Doomed : to' an everlasting swing around the circle. I could a tale unfold that would- lift your hat to the ceiling/ If ever there was a slick old fraud your uncle is that man. The newspaper reports about my death were all wrong, although as near right as all newspaper reports. Mountain fever never got away with , me. The man who is , now in . my political shoes dumped the ounce of priissic acid tn; my ear and that did the business. I can tell you Hamlet that for a good, quick, reliable poison I.consider prussic acid as unequalled. Lam willing to furnish" testimonials for the trade. ' " .. The Ghost then proceeds ' at con siderable length to tell Hamlet what to do and how to. get even with his Uncle, interspersing his story with some side-splitting " Asides," which are in Twain's best vein. Through the entire play the pranks of William are indescribably ludicrous as he appears in the double r61e of Ghost and adviser-t'o fiamfeJ in the flesh. When , not- masqueradingf with his! material' seances ;/he is; going (about with his brother trying to 'dissuade him from doing anything rash, and telling, him what an -infernal fool he is for taking ' any stobk in the supernatural, occas ionally withdrawing to a quiet place to hold his sides and laugh when his hilarity threatens to escape from his control. : - -. ..'# # # # His prime idea is1, to get Gveh/on ji'is Uncle and step-father/ for whom he -has the' moBt profound contempt ; hut when events thicken as the direct resul.bf4hprk#£(ej|dies to uudbf ,Jiis/Avork.iand",bh(;6ne:-bccasion. con-- fesses the fraud and tries to get Hamlet to -look at the. armor and mosquito/, netting ;.but' Hamlelt. only looks upon it as a dodge, to dissuade him frour:his purpose, ;and; will listen to nothing . ' >. , ' I '/ f ,Iu .the latter part of the play he sobers down and calmly allows events, to' take their course. In the closing '' scene"' he gazes upon the work of . death, and, coolly orders.," a bolt, of " blaclc crape" wliile he announces tliat his morning will be wholesale. v v "t f) ' '» - i i 'v; / , .; » 1 Some of the passages are intensely iunny,'-and ! in - others the humor is forced, with a tendency to.slang ; but as a whole the innovation' is very laughable, and the version will 110 doubt attract considerable curiosity amongst play-goers, and draw crowd-,. .ecH; audiences1 (should /it ; ever ( be played. " So writes ail ' Aniericah' critic. . W.H.W, | 