Thrilling Experience in a Volcano. A special correspondent of the New York Times thus describes his experience in the crater of Asozan, a Japanese volcano : Nagasaki, Japan, July 31.-It hardly seems pos- sible that a person with open eyes, in broad daylight, could walk into the crater of a vocano without knowing it, especially when that crater is the object for which he is searching. My first ex- perience was with the great volcano of Asozan, rising in the middle of this southern island of Kiushiu. On the morning of the 21st inst. we moved out of the grand harbour of Nagasaki, After rounding the most dangerous point on the coast of Japan we pushed eastward through the straights of Shinabara, where the water rushes through with terrific force, making a times a veritable maelstrom, to Hyakwan, seaport of Kumanoto, the largest city in the island. From here I proceeded to Eumanoso, and thence between broad fields of rice and other cereals, to Onzen. On this route one is simply smothered in luxuriant vegetation. As we approached Onzen we began a slight ascent; finally a deep gorge was struck between two lofty and precipitous cliffs, which ushered us into what seemed to bo a broad and fertile plain. In the distance rose the green isles of a lofty mountain group. On the Bide of one of these could be seen the cloud of steam ejected from the boiling springs of Onzen. We could see nothing of a volcano as yet though we knew that Onzen was on the route. Leaving our jinrikshas we turned off the main road and toiled .on foot up the Bteep ascent. As we came into the little hamlet the dcors and windows were filled with a curious crowd of natives, all in their bathing robes. The Japanese don't bathe, they soak all day long. Often they lie in the large stone baths with their heads on the stone steps and actually go to sleep and remain for hours in that position. After engaging a guide to take me .to the volcano on the following day, I strolled out to see the view and watch the sunset. Climbing a neigh- bouring hill that I might see both north and south, I was surprised and mystified to see that the whole horizon was one immense palisade. Whichever way I turned, there was that wall almost perpen- dicular, a thousand feet high. Its top all around was as smooth os a floor. It looked exactly like the palisades of the Hudson, only higher. There were one or two breaks or gorges through it. By one of these T had entered in the dusk of evening without noticing particularly my surroundings. And now the fact burst upon me that I was already in the crater and around me rose the crater wall. It was a startling discovery. Hore, where I stood, the fiery center of the earth had in centuries past sent up its molten lava and deluged ¡ the surrounding plains with fiery destruction. Yes, this was the crater of Asozan, fifteen miles from wall to wall, containing within its walls miles and miles of cultivated fields and more than eighty villages. To think that the jaws of this once seething firepit Bhould become the scene. of such quiet rural life ! Within this old crater there are now deep valleys and lofty mountains. One of these is now au active volcano which the interven- ing hills hid from view. To this the next morning before the sun had reclaimed the valley from the night's fog, my guide was leading me. As we reached the summit of the intervening height, the sun appeared yellow through a thick cloud of sul- phurous smoke, that since the foundation »f the earth has hovered and brooded over the pit beneath. Asozan rose before us, its rugged sides, scarred by the struggles of eruptions long ago past, forced against their will to be the bed of rolling lava streams and to bear upon their breasts the scoria which mother earth long since refused to contain. Now we are on the side of the mountain, our feet sink in the soft sand and ashes of our path ; now we have gained the summit and the variable wind blows a cloud of sulphur smoke into our faces whose intolerable stench almost drives us back, but the wind veersand before us yawns the gulf, Istep to its brink and look down 300 feet to see there what looks like a pool of boiling dirty milk. Around it are holes from which pour sulphurous stifling fumes, making on every lip and ledge of rock above yellow stalactites of sulphur. I can think of nothing but an immense sore. It looks unhealthy and unnatural, a livid cancer too horrible for adequate description. Again the wind drives a welcome veil of smoke between us, and we make our way along the brink to get a view from a different standpoint. We stumble againBt a curious rock. What is this ? It is an image, the diety of Asozan, before which the ignorant and half wild sulphur gatherers how and pray before they descend into the poisonous depths. Ten years ago in Bpito of these prayers ten poor fellows perished in the flames. On the opposite eide I saw the tortuous and narrow path by which the bottom is reached. I did not care to descend it, but there was a fascination about it that drew mo around to the path. I thought I would just venture in a few yards, but these few urged me farther and farther till I was about halfway down. The path was about a foot wide. On one side rose the almost perpendicular wall of the crater, on the other yawned the gulf. I turned now this way, now that, wriggling around corners, and peeping over the edge, thinking how horriblo it would boto meet anyone on such a narrow path, when I heard a wild yell above mo. Looking up I saw a dozen sulphur gatherers with their baskets on their backs, bounding down in a most reckless way. My blood almoBt froze. How were they to pasB me unless I went all the way down to the very bottom ? I squeezed myself against the side of the wall and waited breathlessly I till they turned the nearest corner, then I yelled with all my might. They came to a sudden stop and stared at me in wonder, for I was the first foreigner perhaps they had ever seen trespassing on their territory. But my fears were dissipated quicsly as they bent down and glided around me like ghosts, while I looked over my shoulder, ex- pecting to see each in turn fall over the edge. A moment more and they were out of sight, bounding like chamois down the perilous path singing a wild song on their way to their hazardous work. I made the best of my way ont, stopping long enough to gather some beautiful specimens of sulphur from the crevices of the wall. During all this time the crater sent forth a con- tinuous roar and hiss that was deafening, and from time to time I could feel a slight trembling of the earth. When I reached the top I found my guide anxiously awaiting my appearance. He was as glad to see me out safe as I was to be there. As we walked down the mountain across the hills and valleys to Onzen, I felt impressed that in grandeur and repulsiveness no sight could equal that of an aotive volcano. 