The Story Teller. VERY PRECIOUS. ? And won't you advise mo liow to get back my photograph 1 I wish I had not given it to him.' ' 0, so you did give it !' 'I am afraid I did,' sighed Letty. , But he begged so hard, and said he had never cared enough for any girl to ask her for her likeness before.' \- Poor fellow ! But he must give it up. Now ceo and write your letter.' And Rosalind ran out of the room. About an hour later, a young lady with a macintosh on her arm, knocked at tho door of 85 Diamond Crescent. She had evidently been walking fast, for her cheeks were glowing and her eyes were bright. ' This is awful,' she said to herself as she heard steps approaching the door on the inside. A civil -looking woman opened it. ?Are — are the gentlemen at home?' the visitor asked. ' I mean — is Mr. Townsend at home ? I am his sister, and he expects me, I think.' ' Oh, walk in, ma'am, if you please. Mr. Townsend told me you were not com ing until to-morrow ; he is out just now, but your room is quite ready. Have you any luggage ma'am ?' ? The visitor muttered something about the station as she went into the hall. ' Please show me into the sitting- room,' she said ; I can wait for my brother there, No, thank yon ; no tea. Is this the room ?' ? Yes, ma'am. The gentlemen has this between them. Mr. Hamilton is . coming tiack unexpected this evening. He was telegraphed for, as there is some talk of the regiment leaving at once.' ' What is that noise?' the visitor asked. ' Rain, ma'am. It's a thunder shower, I think. It always make that noise on the roof of the verandah. It's well you ?was under cover ma'm.' Rosalind gave a sigh of relief as tho door at last closed behind the landlady. ' Now, if by a stroke of good fortune I can commit my felony and get away before — my brother comes in — what an ' extraordinary thing that he should be expecting his sister. I suppose ' (glanc ing at a cabinet photograph on tlie chim neypiece) ' that is the man himself. Why, ' ho must be forty at least ! Now I wonder where Mr. Geoff keeps his treasures ? In \- a drawer, of course ; but which drawer ? I , do not half like rummaging among the poor man's possessions, but he brought it on himself.' ^ She presently came upon a packet neatly tied up with red ribbon and sealed. * She pinched it. It evidently contained a photogiaph, for she felt the cardboard, and there was something soft that might be a glove; and surely those were withered flowers that crackled as she pressed them ; and the more lumpy en closures must be letters. Should she tintie the ribbon and break the seal? But time was passing, and there was really no necessity, Then she turned tlie packet over and found an inscription that settled the question. In a man's writing were ; the words : 'L's likeness and letters. Very precious.' 'Poor Geoff! Poor, dear fellow ! How devotedly he loves her ! I am so sorry for him. ' Very precious' he calls them. Rosalind murmured. ' But precious or ...v not, I must rob him of them. We cannot lose Tom. I wonder what Letty will say \- : 'when- she sees them? Now, I wish I /.were safely out of this. I must write the ^tiniest scrap of a note and ltave it for ' 1 ^poor, dear Geofl.' She closed the drawer, ~ - , put the packet in her pocket, and wrote 'hastily on a half-sheet 'of paper ; 'L's . sister has taken what you have .no right ' ,to keep against her will.' She had just addressed the envelope .when she heard steps on the stairs ; in ? another moment the door was opened and a handsome young man came in. 'How awkward !' thought Rosalind, ? ' But I must keep up the character of Townsend's sister. Who is he?' The new-comer stood still and stared -?at her. She was the prettiest girl he had \- ' seen for many a day. She made him a little bow. 'I am Mr. Townsend's sister.' : she said, 'and I expect him every moment; ho does not expect me until to-morrow. ' Did not tho landlady tell you I was here ?' ' Sho —she — sho did.' the young man gasped. ' What a donkey ho is !' thought mer ciless Rosalind, quite at hcrcaso, although she had just been robbing a drawer. ' I 1 wonder if you would mind going to look . ' for my brother ?' she said aloud in the sweetest manner. 'It would be so very 1 kind; It is awkward to be here all alone l . -with — people coming in.' Sho gave him a little smile to indicate that he was one ; of - the people. 'I havo to goto the ? station for my luggage.' (' What dread . ? ful stories I am telling !' she added to her self ;) then aloud, 'and, perhaps, by the ? ? -time I come back he will be here.' ?„ ;' Oh, you will come back, will you ? But its raining cats and dogs ! you'll be dronched !' , Oh, dear, no ; I have a water- proof ' ; \- and Rosalind took up her cloak. ' Thank you,' as the young man rushed forward and put it round her shoulders. 'And you will go and find— Gerard for me,' sho ; said, turning to him with the sweetest , smile. . There was the slightest possible -'hesitation before she said the name ; he _ '.noticed nothing but the beauty of her eyes. 'Thank you very much !' \- She was gonebefore he recovered him self, and when Geoff Hamilton came into the sitting room at No 15 a few minutes after, ulie found his friend Townsend hanging out of the window. ' Hallo, Geo ?', ho said, ' what's up ! You'look dazed ! ! Seen a ghost?' ' No, but the prettiest girl in the world. She was here. She said she was my sister, She asked me to go and look for — myself, while sho went to the station for her luggage.' ' Then she'll be back.' ? Not she ! She turned the other way.' 'Then who in the world is she, and what brought her here ?' 'I suspect you know all about that, you rascal She's one of your army of mar tyrs, I take it.' ' Rubbish ! I am tho martyr ! What's this ?' He had picked up Rosalind's note from the writing-table. ' G. Hamil ton, Esq.' Now for the heart of the mystery.' He opened the note and read it. Then he threw himself into a chair with a very red face. Then he laughed. Then I am afraid ho swore. Meanwhile Rosalind, with her heart thumping half with fright and half With triumph, was speeding homeward. She flew to Letty's room, and found ttat young person on her bed, reading a novel. ' There !' Rosie cried, throwing down the packet, ' never say again that I am not your best friend ! There are your letters and your photograph, and all the keepsakes you gave that poor, dear man from time to time ; and you ought to be ashamed of yourself !' ' What !' cried unabashed Letty. ' Did he give them up ? He is a darling !' ' No,' answered Rosalind' calmly ; ' I stole them.' 'O, you dear, delightful darling .'.How sweet of you !' Poor boy, how sorry he will ue ! But what fun ! What is this written outside ? 'L.'s likeness and let ters. Very precious.' Poor, dear Geoff, how fond he is of me.' And she gave a little sentimental sigh. 'Had you not better open tho thing and see if you have them all right ?' said practical Rosie. ' Here, cut the knot.' No sooner said than done, A cabinet photograph fell out, then a piece of deep crimson ribbon, a few faded flowers, and two or three notes. ' This is such a good likeness Tom had better have 'it,' said Letty, as she took up the picture, which had fallen face down ward on the bed. ' Look, Rosie !' Rosie looked, and behold, it was a like ness of a tall, handsome girl, who bore not the slightest resemblance to winsome little Letty. Beneath was written in a firm and dashing woman's hand the one word ' Louie.' The sisters looked at one another with blank faces. A glance at the notes re vealed the same dashing hand. ' So you are not the only one, and I made a fool of myself and robbed the man's drawer for nothing !' cried Rosalind. ' 0, if I had but known.' ' Never mind, dear,' said Letty ; ' I am sure I don't. But I wish I knew what he sees to admire in that black woman, Just pack her up and send her back to him.' A tap at the door interrupted him. It was a maid to announce that Mr. Town send was in the drawing-room. He wanted to see Miss Maitland for a few minutes on business. He had a message and a little packet to deliver. 'Tell Mr, Townsend I am coming di rectly,' said Rosalind. . 'Oh, Rosie ! do you mind?' cried Letty as the maid went out. ' He has sent my picture, I suppose, and he wants his black woman back. Tell him we think her frightful. Are you sure you do not mind seeing him ?' ' Not in the least,' said Rosalind. 'I saw his likeness in their sitting-room and he is plain and elderly. Give me thos-! things, and trust to my ingenuity to get myself out of the scrape. They cannot say much when they know it was another girl's photograph I carried off.' And just as she was — in her' muddy little boots and with the wind-blown, un tidy hair — she went down- stairs; audit still is, and it will ever remain, a mystery what those two said to one another when they stood face to face. a » « # * o s- . s» ' But Geoff got back his precious packet and Letty got her photograph ; she gave it to Tom forthwith and ho was delighted. She is now Mrs. Criehton. Hamilton was finally captnreil by a pretty young widow. I do not know what become of ' Louie,' but Rosalind married Gerard Townsend, and ho still thinks she is the prettiest woman in the world. 