NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. Last night the regular track of business was resumed. The House returned to its criticism of the fiuanoial statement which the censurejdebate with It's varied scenes and ironical denouement had interruDted. There was, however, a little preliminary talk, by which the start was postponed for a couple of hours or so. Mr. Wall commenced this with a motion for adjournment.' It was one of the forlorncst exhibitions of its kind wit nessed for ' many a long and dreary day. Ho one spoke to it but Mr. Wall himself, and that only for a minute or two. Mr. Wall is a melancholy man at all times, and so tar his specific mission- to the political world seems to be putting incomprehensible, little motions dealing: with deserted gold- fields on the business-paper and withdraw ing them again. .; .Last night, however, he came up out of his abandoned shaft and ap peared as a prophet of woe, in which rflle Mr. Wall is simply ghostly. . He warned the community to be on its guard against a probable .. epidemic . of leprosy. He has heard that this- malady is prevalont amongst the -kanakas at Honolulu, and is certain that unless " steps are taken" it will invade Hew South Wales, carrying woe and desolation, throughout tho land. There are dozens of diseases in our midst which have killed , and will kill a million white men for every one that leprosy has killed or is ever likely to kill, Mr. Wall takes no . account of these; He has never known of an instance where a' white com munity has been seriously attaoked by leprosy. He, in fact, like most European medical men, . knows . nothing about tho disease, but at tlie same tim he is quite sure that its presence in Hono lulu is a grisly menace to the very existence of this community. The presence of typhoid in Sydney is a fnr greater danger to us than that of a blood disease amongst the natives of Hawaii, which afflicts white men so little that European doctors from lock of oppor tunity to study it are almost totally igno rant of its character and effects. Yet, with Mr. Wall's tacit consent, we have a law which allows a landlord to poison his tenants with typhoid germs and defy punishment. If a grocer through wil ful neglect lets arscnslo get mixed in the flour ha sold liis customer and fatal con sequences resulted, that would bo man slaughter. If a landlord through wilful neglect or culpable greed lets fever germs get mixed with the air which his customers pay him for breathing, and a family gets poisoned, that is nothing that tlie law or Mr. Wall thinks it worth while bothering about. When Mr. Wall finished his dismal prophecies the Speaker announced that he hod received a writ from Mr. Slattery, claiming damages for tho infringement of " Tom's" political patent in having " acted splendidly" npon an obstructive Opposition. Sir Henry Parkes thereupon moved that the Crown solicitor be instructed to provide for Mr, Speaker's defence. Mr. Dibhs protested against this, and bo did the Opposition generally. Thoy are all joint owners of tho political patent that the Speaker has "jumped," and all going for damages. Their point last night was that, as they were not appealing against an action of the House but merely against that of an officer alleged to have violated the privileges of the House, tho Government had as much concern iu providing for the prosecution as for tho de fence. Whether this ground is tenable or not, there is a spice of airy comicality in the House ordering the Crown solicitor to take up the Speaker's defence. Suppose in the Crown solicitor's opinion there was no de fence. How docs tho House know that in the Crown solicitor's opinion justice and law are not on tho other side ? Tlie highest authority on Parliamentary law In the colony is presumably the Speaker himself. How would it be, therefore, if tho Speaker undortook his own defence 1 The debate on the financial statement was resumed by Mr. Dlbbs. His speech was merely a replica of the one he delivered on the censure motion with an addendum in the Bhape of a criticism on the figures adduced by Sir Henry Parkes at Hew- castle. He claims that tha responsibility for tbc rise in the per capita taxation of the country since 1882 was caused by the increased interest on all the money the Stuart party had to borrow in order to carry out tho extravagant public works to which their predecessors had com mitted them. Mr. M'Millan, who did not speak on the censure motion, had an unused speech to deliver. The purport of it was to explain that Mr. Burns' unexpected collapse as a financier had given him ' a heavy shook." At the same time lie admired " the clear ness and candor" with which the Treasurer confessed his own failure. He severely criticised tho proposed reductions in the civil service, and regarded Mr. Burns' bung ling as much more dangerous to tho cause of freetrade than Mr. Melville's bellowing. Mr. M'Millan was as dogmatic and as in clined to break out into ex-cathedrk lectur ing as ever. After tea the question was to keep a quorum together. The small fry did not think it a fair thing- that they should be expected to sit there as lay figureB " making a House," while their leaders were away at Government House dining with Lord Car narvon- and receiving his innocent congratu lations on tlie Imperial devotion they showed in "selling" How South Wales over the naval tribute bargain. Poor guile less Earl, we wonder how they con find it in their hearts to impose npon him in this way after telling us so frequently that it is Great Britain that ha3 been sold in the transac tion, not Hew South Wales. This, however, by the way. As the debate wag passed on from Mr. M'Millan to Mr. Walker a decided objection was shown to " making a House " for him. The quorum hell was in constant requisition, when members would file sulkily in, get counted and file . doggedly ont again. The ground traversed was exactly the same as on the censure motion. The speeches were alike in matter, but differed slightly in manner. - This was because some different men, including Mr. M'Elhone, spoke. For the twentieth time since the estimates have been submitted, Mr. M'Elhoue wob calling attention to the remarkable fact that while Mr. Burns seek9 to save money by cutting down other civil servants' salaries, he in creases that of the son of Mr. Hugh Taylor with avowedly the same ob ject, Mr. M'Elhone did not think the object of this was retrenchment at all. Mr. Taylor, he said, got his salary raised because his father always supported the Government and lout the Premier money. What do you think of that, demanded Mr. M'Elhono. " It is as bad as tbe Handsacker case," was the weak, inconclusive and re criminatory reply of the Attorney- Goneral. This varied the monotony of the night by a short "Bccne." Scenes themselves have got dismally monotonous of late, but this, while it lasted, was unusually animated. Mr. M'Elhone snatched up his axe and commenced to chop with the wild fury of a maniac at the Attorney-General's geneo- logical tree, hacking it root and' branch. " Shame I shame I" shouted Mr. Inglis. " You lying scoundrel," thundered Mr. M'Elhone, forgetting all about Mr. Wise, and shaking his fist at Mr. IngliB ; "come outside and I'll punch the head off you ; I'll knock evory hair off your face. I'll strike him where he stands, , by God I will," continued the infuriated Muswellbrook man, dancing on the floor, while Mr. Slattery and Mr. Hassall stood by to prevent him from breaking things. " They arc not game to come outside," said Mr. Hassall in his most soothing tones, by way of consolation. Mr. M'Elhone only saw in that another reason for adhering to his sworn determination of insisting on per sonal combat then and there. Leaping into the ambient air and brandishing his fist, be repeated to all whom it might concern that "he would Btrike him where he stood." Then, for the particular information of the Chairman, he leaned forward and intimated that his intention was to strike the Minister for Education where he stood, in spite of any body. It happened that the Minister all this time was not standing anywhere ; he was sitting, pate as a ghost, in his usual place. Of course the matter ended harmlessly and without the loss of a drop of senatorial gore. When Mr. M'Elhone finished dancing on the floor he apologised. Thon Mr. Inglis apologised, and the debate went oh in the usual way. Mr. M'Elbono's speech, however, brought the evening's entertainment to a close, when the adjournment was moved by Mr. Gormly, who consequently leads. off on the financial situation to-night. 