COBiil0NlCATED. juorreepondenta ybonfe' forward uewap&pecs; conta items will much oblige Nr l>maRe»to wbi^theyileslrt to( tion, and when am enclosed, w u desirable Lhey woSdbSe attached to them the name ol the papft from ymichuw am , taken, <vud the date.1 ^concert will begfom tbiaf Ftetouwora'.haU, la tfae latmM Of HWi Chrwtia Waller, and to exptew Jp of Uet klends pn bcrrptunfi fcotP] Toii'avKS. ontoelatofOptoSw. , „-... iL«oi 1 T A® *£ **4 JewiaU l'hUanlim^q&oci;^tr ini «♦*&* 5» no l|reefni&oua;'-hi Ampag tocae] ?n<* ««?* Mtoe uody Knows aoSlwSs. ana Mr. W. v.Sitnc ~ tiotist®aeQ won % rcpttfattoa .-as m wlocu it'll i- ;i> lhM.W£ WM-e$l3ir ■nanSflS. odtWl fitanding some exceptional misbehaviour in the gallery, the play being HenryV. The parlor manoe of this great drama, which Mr. Rignold baa made nts. own, waa, in most particulars. Satisfactory, and the beginning of Una new theatrical venture is regarded 6s fainy anspicioUs of a season of prosperity. 'finnan Nature "is still being played to Crowded bogses at the Royal, and as yet no changers announced. "Romeo and Juliet" at the Criterion is drawing; fair houses. " Twelfth Niuht1' will be the best Sbakspearian production at this bouse. . Miss Amy Sherwin's concerts at the new Opera-house have not attracted the public: This, in a large measure, is line no doubt to the recent scare of the fire -in the Exeter Theatre. The approaches to the Opera house auditorium being wooden staircases, the publie are naturally chary of jeopardising their lives in case of accident; otherwise there is no reason why MiBS Sherwin should not meet with the same success here that was awarded her in Melbourne and Tas mania. Mr. Laurence Foley, the retired light-weight champion, has leased the Gaiety Theatre, and is now busily employed in transforming it into a Cotnmodioos theatre, which trill be opened on the 1st of October with a new Irish drama, entitled " Shamus O'Brien," in which the company now playing at the Royal Standard Theatre will appear. 'The company meanwhile remain at the Royal Standatd, and this week's programme there has been queerlycotapotmded of " The Piratee of the Savannah," " East Lynne," and "Hamlet." The Academy of Mneic is just now occupied by Mr. Foster, ventriloquist, and an enter tainment styled St. Vincent's Spectreecope of Pepper's Ghost. Mr. K Smith's Albambra Music-hall is still attractive to its exceptional patrons. \- Mr. Burnett1 Kennedy baa given " A Nicht wi' the Jacobites," at the Protestant-hall. Mias Sherwin's Concert Company open in Bathurst and Orange during the ensuing week, and then they go to Brisbane. The new theatre in Queen-street, Brie banells Hearing completion, and it hMwo pww to open it somewhere in March, Mies Carrie Swain has just finished a most success! ul season in Newcastle. A complimentary benefit was given to Mr. Harry Power on the 8th inst, at the'Free-, masotis'-hair, Wagga Wagga. Among those who took part in the performance was Mr. T. & Bell air, formerly one of the managers of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne. - In Brisbane Mr. Leitcli's company and Mr. 6rattan Riggs's company are understood to be succeeding according to their desires. In Adelaide the amusements are Btftl re presented by Mr. Bland Holt's company at the Theatre Royal; that of Mr. Hudson at Garner's rooms; and as to Mr. Locke Richardson, he is succeeding variously. The Lynch family of bdlringers com-, menced a season at 'the Theatre Royal,' Cbristcburch, on the 26th Of last month. Recent hd vices from ■ tbe Cape convey the' intelligence that the SfcaWHe Opera Company were still enjoying a successfnl expenence. Mr. Frank Weston, late of Melbourne, had' become tbe acting manager of the company.. 