THE GOLDEN HUFE.? ' A;B6MANQE OrffiiDEEC! , i dreamt a dream tht,w>a not all a dream.' ! - By W. Glare Russell.-. v» . - : Chapter X'X.-r( Continued.) " The woyage to trie Indian Ocean andback, anyway,' cried-Hiram,> ' touching at an island there. Ye'll. allow.- that.- -There . waB a general; murmnr of 1 assent. -- ' Very well/ continued Hiram, - speaking with excitement, ' and I should like to know if be wbb- to find- a countrywoman of . ours upon that island, br any shipwrecked eailors belonging . to the Verulam or any other weasel, I should like to know,'- he cried in his huskiest voice and with i stern roll of his eyeB over the men, 'if there's e'er a seaman here as wonld say,' ' I'm not agoin' to rescue that there woman or them there then; it's !a job I - -didn't .Bign for?'- , - , - : r - - - , There was a pause,, broken only by the flap of; a sail as the schooaer rolled to leeward- and the rippling of .tbe water at the stem: Some bright stars were shining in the dark; eastern blue, bnt westwards-it waB still a riiBty hectic among the lines ;ofi clouds whose Bkirts were blackening to -the- night, though their brows still held traces of the glory that was deep down. behind the sea.? ' Why, of course,' said Goldsmith, ham mering .at a flint for his tinder-box, ' if you put it in that way, capt'n, it's right enough. Ne'er a mau here,. I s'pose, believes in ghostB, hobjects ye -can see and yet-walk through without feelin' of 'em. ' And- out wish to hear what you had ;to say about the yarn Johnny; lay and listened to wasn't because we .was such cussed fools as to-reckon we was actually bound out to bring home a ghost, bnt becanse none of us not having much acquaintance with what goes on -in parsons' minds,! we agreed that there must besomething;uncom-. mon hidden from us -.in this woyage, and wanted to know what it was/ .- t ' Well, ye have the truth,' said Stone ; ' and I'll go a bit furder with- you. yet; mates — the capt n here'll bear me. out; the reason why! the clergyman didn't tell us afore we started that he had dreamt 'the lady -he was to be spliced to was: on the, islaud, was 'cause he was afraid of - being sneered at. Ain't that a likely - thiog -.in. a man.? Why, I've known, chaps afraid; .to . say their 1 prayers — actually ashamed to ask God's blessing upon them and those they've- lefcat borne— for fear they'd be laughed at by their mates, choosin rather to put aside Goo's love than be jeered at by the meanest of his creatures.'- . I '.Well, . that's true - enoogh,' - grumbled Breeches. ' I myself have had . feelin's I shouldn't, ha' li Iced to. talk about, 'specially when my boy was drownded.' . ' It's all that bloomin' Johnny .I'-cried Joe Hall. ' If he'd told the cook the truth there'd ha' been nothen said. But who wa9 going to know what we was bound out fpr when that chap comes along with his yarns about ghosts and sperrits on an island waiting for - the schooner to take 'em off?'- .'And I ain't Bare, Micky,' said Sawyer, turning upon the conk, 1 that "the yarn wasn't aggravated by your way of relating of it ' 1 I'll swear,' cried Johnny, who stood co wering behind the foremast, ' that I never said nothing about tbe ghost's heyes bein' like ridin' lamps for brightness. Yet Micky made that out. S'elp me, skipper, it wur Micky's temper that forced me to 'splaiu why I hadn't come forrard afore, or rather than I'd ha' said a word about the parson's yarn I'd ha' been ' and here, as was apparently his custom, he expressed himself willing to incur all sorts of frightful- and horrible calamities, such as being struck blind and the like. This the cook answered by calling Johuny many offensive names. But the crew now saw how it was. Tnere was nothing more to argue about ; besides it would be eight bells before long, and time for the men who had the first watch below to think of turn ing in. 1 A queer notion for them to have got into their neads,' said Hiram to Stone aa they walked aft ; 1 better Bay nothen about it to Mr. Forceacue ; it might make him oneasy.' ' So I think,' replied Stone. _ ' I dunno that I'm sorry it's happened either,' said Hiram ; 'if the woyage was puzzliugto uh aft it was bound to-be puzzling forward; but now it's onderstandable to all hands— at least, onderstandable from the curate's way of looking at it. Mind ye, Bill, what I said to tbe men don't prove that 1 cease co consider the whole biliu' of this start auiazin'ly eoopernat'ral, as Breeches rightiy calls it. I've been running it over all the attercoon. and have come co Che conclusion that this here woyage must be regarded as a wnira put into the gent's mind by his dream. If the bearings o- your island are correctly given, we shall lied it right enough, but that's all; nocben else but the island, if it ain't a aavidge or two !' \Well, we'll have to find that out: by waiting,' said Stone. ' My view is, that since as muco as he eonld find out ahout hi drram turned out true the other part '-'11 be true like wise. Ye know, Hiram, that there'- no noo- aensicil piety about me. What I believrs in I keeps to myself unless I'm a-ked to speak. My notion is that one bouI's quite enough lor a man to look arcer in this wjrlri, and that if he consarn himself with other people' a sonle he stands t > let his, own go adrift. So, couch ing this here dream, I don't want 'o hargne as if I w-ts some convarted ret-ired sea c»p- tain, who makes friends with parsons in the hope of getting a hoist irno a nerth ashore through em ; all that I desire to say is that the Being who made them st-rs, anil tbe holler of whose haud is big enough co contain tbe ocean and everything afloat, on it, is as likely to show mercy to a man by putting a useful dream into his bend a- by bending a gale of wind just when all hands think them selves loBt.' ' Wny, yes,' exclaimed Hiram, . following tbe indication of old Stone'- finger as be pointed aloft ; ' there's no limitiug of the Lord's power ; everybody knows thai ; and it 'ud be orebumpaious.' he added, empnasiring the ' b' as though be would have, Stone to o.bserve bis mastery over difficult word-,- ' in ine to s»y the parson's dream didn'c come from the Lord. Still, .Bill, ye know, it would be more satisfactory if this class of .wis'ons was more general. There've - been a good many dreams going on in this world ever since Adam woke up and found, Heve along side of him, which some married men might coneider in the light of ,a nightmare; but when it comes to one chap being singled out ' He paused, and added, ' Tell 'ee what I should like to dream of, Bill, and find come trne ' ' What f said Stone, gaping. ' ' Why, of a hisland — not with a ghost upon it— but with, a n'gnboard . standing up and saying, ' Four foot down lies ten thou sand pound in good monyy.' That 'ud be a practical dream. But ' when it comes to females iu wisions implorih', of you— — ' He was checked by Stone gripping of his arm, and at the same moment Mr. Fortescue came out of the cabin. It was natural that the crew of the Golden Hope should find matter for talk in what Captain Weeks had told them. Certainly the curp-te's dream did not correspond with Johnny's notion of their being bound ont to an islaud to bring home a ghost ; bat it <nr- nished the voyage with a motive that made it seem a qneer and uncommon thing in the thoughts of the simple, ignorant fellows :: and Mr Fortescue was promptly transformed into a rnyaterioua person to their fancy, who had visions and was to a certain extent pos sessed, and was consequently to be treated with respect and politeness, because it was certain he eonld exercise peculiar powers, and -was therefore a - man not to be offended or annoyed on any account whatever. This was specially old Breecbes's notion, and the rest of the men took it np readily. For several days there was nothing muoh. talked about in ths forecastle but Mr For-' teecue's dream, and every man had something to say about it in the shape of stories he had -once heard ; in fact, they ended in frightening one another with yarns about apparitions, corpse-candles, figures of drowned seamen rising in dead calm weather at midnight to read shins' names, tben Bhaking their heads with gestures of grievous disappointment and sinking again ; even Johnny had his yarn to add, whilst Breeches, the cook, Goldsmith, and Jim Ivitt related a score among them, till tbe night watches became decidedly un comfortable, and tbe skipper or Stone would wonder to see the fellows banging about in couples. But by degrees the superstitious feelings among them wore themselves oat ; the men wo'nld notice i-hat the curate was all kind ness and gentleness in hie way to them, that he had always a pleasant greeting for every man who came past him, and a friendly word for the helmsman, whoever he might be ; he'd read from the Church Service ro them on Sdn'davB, and add a few words by way of a sermon. Long ere this they bad fonnd out thst they were a good and willing crew, the captain a smart hand, and Stone a genial old seaman it was a pleasure to work under; : so after they had yarned' one another into ,ah anxious and nervous condition, they . .'iturned to" and talked themselves out of it, ali ag'resing— even the" cook— ihat they had 1 F ibllsbed by Epecli srraDgsmeat with the author. never been iu u more uouilortable -little CiatC, nor engaged in a pleasanter voyage, dream or Tttoiateam.''! . ' . Iudsed, - Johnny's carrying -his blundering tale forward proved as fortunate aii occur rence as could have been wished ; for first, it- converted the curate into a very impre-sive personage, not bo much to-be greatly like"! as to be extremely respected : next it raised a curiosity among tbe crew as to the issue of the voyage, and this put a spirit of unanimity into them ; then a certain kind of Bympatby was begotten for Mr. Fortescue. after re peated discussions in ard on the forecastle, for ic was plain, he was always sad and griev ing secretly ; his far-away look would be noticed, the very smile he woald give was as but a light upon his face to exhibit howmuch of sorrow was there, and when the crew took this and combined ic with their belief that he could see visions,! and- that he had , been spoken to by heaven in his dreams; and that what he wa9 seeking wa9 a sweetheart who had revealed her existence to him and shown him -the island she was; upon, and which William Scone knew all about, they felt a sort ol importance, as of men eugaged in something solemn &ud-; wonderful, superior to any kind of job seafaring meu had ever. been asked to deal with. - ! \- But it took them from forty degrees north latitude to the doldrums to arrive at this state of mind. Ae to Fortescue he had no idea that, the confession he had made to the captain" and mate was known forward." He certainly .observed the askant glnuceB the men would throw, at him, the wide berth they sought to mive him when their duty carried r.hem to and from where he wae Bitting or standing ; then, -l»ter oil, he'd notice the more genial manner, the quicker, the less apprehensive recognition of his gentle greeting ; but he wbb too aosent- minded to attach the significance indications of the kind woald win from a suspicious or sharp observer ; he knew just enough about sailors to imagine he could not err m attri buting any oddities of behariour to their habits and principles, until the mergiDg of the crew's feeliugs into a general sympathetic williogness and contentment leit him nothing to observe, even if he ever had eyes for marked conduct among thera. The days slipped by, and tbe voyage to the .Indian Ocean promised to be perfectly event less. They, carried a awingiug north-wester through the Horse latitude-!, and picking up the uorch-eaBt trade wind, after a couple of days of light baffling airs, in twenty-eight de-. grees north, swept down the Atlantic with the i bunder of the breeze, that blew a freah vale ; at times in their reefed maiusail, till they found themselves one day creeping and ' crawling over a brassy, burnished, glaring space of equatorial sea, eagerly catching every faint breathing of air aloft, or watching with, eyes that seemed entranced 'by the breathless deep for thediuimeBC tarnish of draught faint ing as it came our, of the pals azure ruled by the water-line. ThiB was a trying time for Fortescue. The spell of stagnation might have been endurable to liim the other side of Africa ; but here was the s -.hoouer swinging helpless near to the parallel ou which the island lay. but with a vast continent between, which had to be measured, aud the mighty ocean off Agulhus entered before be should be able to. verify Stone's solemn affirma tion'. Both the captain and the mate must have long ago guessed, thar, the equatorial belt would be tne place to tax the patience of the man wno3e mind seemed easy only when the Golden Hope was flashing through the seas, bringing the islaud closer by every daring and graceful leap she took .from emerald hollows to snowy heights ; aud until the breeze came mat blew tnem. clear of the equator they were constantly apologising for the weather. ' Here's April the 5th, Mr. - Fortescue,' Hiram said, ' aud to here from latitude forty degrees north has been such sailing as no man with a conscience in bim could fall foul of. I allow that the run. from the Thames ha3 been longer than I bargained for ; but what are ye gom' to do when its nothen but thickness and rntchin' ?' And then old Stone would say : ' Well. thi3 here Btillness, sir, ain't cheer ful, certainly ; but I've always looked upou this part of the ocean as a sort of halting- place for ehipa. It's the sign o' Neptune, and here vessels which have been bard drove, whether coming from the norJiorfrom the south are glid to rest, as the Gulden Hope is, to recruit their health, una dry themselves, and sprawl a bit in the sun, like hens which y'll s«ee get upon a sand-heap und wallow till tney make a hole, when they cocks a leg and wiug one, the wery picture of heasinese, to my wav of thinkin'. But depend upon -it, sir, r.h' Hope'll make up for. this apell of sittin' down. If the aoucn-east tra-ies ue still a-bio win', wait till the schooner caiches 'em fair on the port bow, and the-i ye'll see how far off she'll allow the Cape io remain in a few days. He happened to make fchi« remark to For tescue iu the pr-rseuce of Hiram, who ex claimed 1 Wnat d'ye mean. Bill, by saying if the south-east trades be mill a- bio win' ? What's to prewent 'era ?' ' Well. 1 dutuio, I'm aure,' answered Stone ; ' bur. to t-ll you the truth/skipper, so many changes have taken place since 1 fust went to sea hi a boy, that it's a sort o' defyin' of Providence not to put if. before notions which was formerly certainties.' ' But you wouldn't say if the sua. should rise to-mor.-ow morning, Bill, as though you wasn't sure ?! exclaimed Hiram, who partly From love ot argument and partly from the desire to amuse Mr. Fortescue, wonld often engage his mate in discuBsioua of this kind. ' Why, perhaps not,' answered Stone, ' 'cause if the Bun didn't mean to rise to morrow morning, we should be froze to death afore we could speculate oin hia intention. But it's another matter with winds, which if they be governed by laws, don't seem to understand 'em When I vi-as fnst goin' to sea, the north- east trade always blowed more no'therly than it do now, and the aouth-eaBO trade more heasterly. Things are halterin', I don't Bee how they can help it. Take r-hiB here globe Astronomers Bay it'e gainin' in matter. Consequently it must be growing bigger. Very well Now, take the bud. Astronomers say it's slowly consuming of it self up ;. L think 'hat is likely, for certainly in England it ain't bo hot in summer rb it used to be. ' Now, it's plain to me, if the earth's gro-vin' heavier; and the sun's gettin' smaller, onr horbit's a changin', which must likewise alter the winds. In fact, my notion is, Mr. Forteacne, that in the course of ages, this here globe '11 run short o' water and be drie-l up and become like the moon. Who knows that there ain't n«'ronomere in some of the planets watching us through telescopes hb we: watches them, and calculatin' from records t.heir ancestors kept-, that if thiB here globe keeps all on ae it i-i, in so many mil lions of years it'll he like the moon, withont a wirtihle Mam, nothen bat face,! and that all froz-J up ' To which Qiram replied : ' Why, that may be, for who s goin' to- guess what'll happen ;miiiione of years hence, and indeed. Mr. For- : rescue, who wants to know ? If there isn't to be no trade winds in them times you'll find orherlaws hoperatin' which '11 answer jestas well. I'm not a" man :to be interested only ;in the year I may-live in. I!m willing to feel consarned in what may happen down to -such time as a man's great grand-children are old- men and women, bnt arter that things must become troubles to them as ain't now born nor likely to be dreamt of for a long apell. D'ye see, sir? No use talking with Stone here of millions ofyears. If the eonth- east trades last my time I ehall be eatirfied, for there's no.chance. of my young 'uns takin' to seafarin', for the best of all reasons— I ain't got any.'.;r;; Vi Cb-atter XXI. — A Brief Halt. If there was little enough to interest For tescue '- in Bach . conversation as this there should have been plenty to amuse him in the faces of the men — Ssone earnest and sympa thetic, chiefly -to be remembered by his hook- like1 forefinger; with, which he seemed tq score his (ibservations'upbn the air, and his rugged features ; Hiram; " jaunty, with a certain cocksurenees about him,' and. a laugh like a neigh, aud a aiiiile like the mouth, of a sack. Tne calm lasted three days, during which, somehow, the schooner managed to stieak over forty miles of water. ; It is true «he'u get an impulse' now'iind'then from'a draught of air, and Hiram': would c3ll the "clergyman's attention to. the; brass- wire-like ripples breaking "from the cutwater' when, the sea resembled quicksilver, polished and stainless wi'h the image of the sun plain iu its heart, like the nucleus of a comet, the tail whereof was the luminary's burring w-,ke— ae tbongh' it was impossible for the echooner to stand still, even when ''the Tight canvas of the little topgallant stun' 'sail 'huug ' motionless between every ' long drawn,_ gentle,_ gradual heave of the Bwell moving in sluggish folds from east to-west' ' Such progress as was made was indeed1 like-1 the' imperceptibl-s passage of the' Ancient Mariner'ssbip that was propelled by the atmosphere ahead and the closing of it behind. : 1 ' , '/ -- ' i - But why drlvs« on th\t eWo ?o f «t, wjthuufi it-wave « r \vioo;? Th- rir is ruf. h-fore, ; Ati-i closes from behind. At least you'd have thought : so had you cotae on deck ens morning as the curate did. and noticed tne . flickering gleam ot a lull-rigge v : ship's canvas away about two pomtB on tbe starboard bow, and found that at sunset, though she wab heading southwards, the schooner had sne3ked h6r far abaft the beam. This was the odder for the fact that for an hour after the cook bad hove Borne of hia - wash overboard; yon would see it cIobb astern, perhaps with the grease of it widen-1 : ing ont into an iridescent patch, as if if meant-- to remain there ail day. But tbe fruiter was -' a wonuerfnl sailor ; in snch weather as this' " she was like a butterfly, all wings ; and not T " a breath could come barely with weight - enough to give a plume-like curl to 'the 1 thread of smoke going straight up out of the 1 galley chimney, bnt she felt it, ' ' ' It was terribly hot in the cabin ; the ordi nary seaman kept the quarter-deck wet with' swabbing, bnt the moisture broke away; in steam, aud the pitch in the seams was as soft- as warm cobbler's wax.' Forteicue lived on deck, and would stay far into the night, bnt only to reappear pale 'and unrefreshed, from ' a short ppell of sleep in his bed below. The ' repose of tbe mighty ocean was wonderful. "" almost terrible to him in those bushed and " stagnant days. When there was a stillness' ' in'the schooner be would sit listening to tbe silence betwixt heaven and water with bis ' thoughts full of'Agatha. She was the prin- ' ci pie that centered all he viewed, all he thought of, till , his visionary character, his quality of myaticifm, found her ideal com- njingling fn the'radiant blueneBS of the day, the sparkling darkness of the night ; for his- love and grief and hope made ber the sonl 'of ' all that his eyes rested on, and he beheld her everywhere. The roughest eailor forward would notice th9 rapt gaze he'd fix npon the liqnid light-blue line that defined the junc tion of the Bky and the ocean, and knowing the cerate's story, guessed he v-aa1 fancying . he saw the island with his loved one npou.it. Once old Stone - watched with awe the1 singular expression in Fortescue's darlc beautiful yearning eyes upturned to a soft motheNo'-gearl-iike cloud that had arisen in the east and floated radiant to where the verge of tbe hot white sunshine melted into blue, where it dissolved ; and a little later on, speaking of this to Captain' Weeks, he said r ' Hiram, d'ye know what fancy he put into me with tbat fixed stare of bis? Well, you. mav laugh, but I tell yer, he made me think thar. cloud which had come out of the ea of might have the reflection of the islaud and-"1 his girl upon it, and he was looking to see if the representation was there.' Poor Stone ! Hiram did- laugh, but never theless the old pailor was near the truth/ for ; B.vmpachy will give the plainest, moat nnlet- fcered iniud, the right kind of inBtinccs for- divinations. But the impatience excited in the curate by this interval of calm could not check the deep and melancholy, and even superstitions thought. Night -time would give fancy its keenest edge, when with murmuring canvas - the schooner lay swaying ou the cradling . swell under the velvet black dome that glit- '. tered with stars, and that was clonded with diamond-dust, and that waB radiant- with meteoric shootings, the bland beauty ol- moou-like planets, and of orbs which the eyes of Fortescue had never before beheld. .. Then it was, when the silence ot he dnak bad entered into a deep peace into the ocean hush, when no voice sounded forward, no- footfall aft, when all lights were hidden or extinguished save the binnacle lamp tbatr dimly gilded tbe statueeque figure of the helmRman, when the motionless form of Cap tain Weeks or tbe mate leaning against the- rail was distinguishable only by the stars hi3"- figure blotted out, when the rustling of the canvas on high, and the light pattering of dew discharged from aaff, yard, and booin, from reef-points and bolt-ropes and whatever else the midnight-hidden Bwell could shake, sounded like the murmur of wind, the falling of raindrops among trees;' then it waa that Fortescne's imagination would take wing and pluck from the eeen and the unseen such fancies that if the rough and homely eailors forward had gathered their nature, their armpathy might have been changed again into fear, und oce might have heard of some thing .like a mutiny Founded on the time- honoured tradition of Jack's dislike of sailing with a parson aboard. But you must not go to the forecastle for interpretation of musings full of poetry and mysticism, ar.d tearful with the inspirations- of a heart yearning for one deeply Joved. If the clergyman's gaze sought ont an? bright particular star it was but to wonder whether heb eye wae on it, too but then, you know,, thoughts of her upturned colourless, face- would visit him, and he would see her,. till the phantom grew into a reality aa substan tial at least as that which crossed the vision of Hamlet when his mother stared to right1 and left in search of what the prince beheld. Nor was i wonderful in a mind constituted1 as Fortescne's was, that one effect of his startling and wonderful dream should be to impress bim with the fancy that intercourse could be held between him and hia distant one by sympathy. In ' Jane Eyre' the heroine hears the voiee of the man sue loves calling, her, though he is leagues away. In real life the existence of spiritual bonds, which further distance could not break nor attenuate;- into irresoonsivenes's, h'is beu proved bv marvellous correspondence of action, ofr. desire, of- feeling; and since this sense of,, sympathetic br spiritual onion between For tescue and Agacba would inevitably bo heightened to an extraordinary degree briber vision that had brought her in her agony face, to face with him in his sleep, tbere"was- nothing singular — However it might have- struck Hiram or William Breeches— in the yo'nng clergyman's fancies during these still,.' tropical nights, when he would look up aC the heavens and believe that the same yellow star he gazed at was watched also by hia love- with thoughts of him as his were thoughts of h<r; that the deep soul-spoken prayer he- would put np for her and for himself to God.- '. was re-echoed oy her in the darkness, milea- away down yonder in tbe gleaming east, through operation of some' snch - amazing;. ' mysterious sympathy, as has made voices beyond the grave audible to living, loving:' ears There would be a mystery, too, in the silent" " ocean night that, tinctured hiB emotionalism, with a darker shade of imagination. (to be continued ) 