NEWS AND NOTES. The competition for the shire council tiopliy will be fired by the members of the rifle dub to-day and Saturday. Special services are announced to be conducted by Miss Penney at the Baptist church, to-morrow, Friday, and Saturday evenings. The Australian Journal for November contains an infinite variety of amusing and useful information. A new tale, "Tresillian Court," is commenced, which promises to be of more than ordinary interest. Mr. Allen Hines intimates .elsewhere thathe has started in business as horse shcier and general .smith, -opposite the Cumberland Inn, High-street. A ban dicap draught tournament amongBt the members of the Maldon Chess and Draughts Club .is now in course of arrangement, and the honorary secretary, Mr. F. Cavenagh will be glad to receive names of any new members wishing to join, and also entries for the tournament. The entrance fee for the tournament has been fixed at one shilling for each player, and first and second prizes will be awarded, and Messrs. Voisey,Blaekmore, and Cavenagh have been appointed handicappers. It has been decided that each player shall meet every other player in a set of seven games, the winner of the first four games to score one point, and at the conclusion of the tournament, the player having scored the greatest dumber of points to take first prize, and the next largest number of points second prize. In the event of a tie, players to play off at the handicap odds. Strict draught rules will be closely adhered to, and it is expected ths handicaps "will be declared by the end of this week. Our reporter paid a visit to Mir. Cooper's strawberry gardens, at Sandy Creek, yraterday, and was the recipient of a basket of the luscious fruit for which this garden is so justly famed. In about a week or ten days heuce Mr. Cooper will be enabled to supply his customers with any quantity. Ati accident, fortunately, unattended with serious results, happened on Saturday afternoon. A horse and 'buggy belongini^o Mr. Paget, of Castlemaine, was being ^driven through Main-street, sirid the occupant of the buggy, a Mr.-Wilson, had occasion to get out. Immediately on doing so, the horse bolted, and after running about 100 yards came into collision with Mr. Shell's buggy, which was standing opposite Mr. Thompson's. The force of this collision threw Mrs. Sheil, who, together with her children were in the vehicle, on the' ground, but luckily she sustained no injuries. The axle of Mr. Shell's buggy was bent, and Paget's buggy was capsized, though very little injury was done to it. No damage was done to the horse. Now that the hot weather is approach- pedestrians to keep a careful glance around for the purpose of avoiding any poisonous reptile that may be lurking in their immediate neighbourhood. Last Sunday morning, as Mr. J. Morgan, of Wattle Gully, in company with several others, were *' taking their walks abroad."> near the cemetery, they came in contact" with a snake who lay basking in the sun, totally oblivious of impending disaster. Upon being rudely disturbed his snakeship showed fight, but after several blows applied with a stout sapling, he gave up the ghost. The snake, which was of the whip species, measured 51ft. in length. At the Newstead Police Court on Monday, D. M'Lean was fined 10s. and 2s. 6d. costs for illegal occupation. of Crown lands. • i-* _. . - ' 'Tkf< Tedie^xat NorthCaSHemaine fdt a -dmagnreeable sensation on Friday forenoon about ten o'clock, by an earth tremor that shook doors, and made crockery jingle. This continued for about a minute, and the earthquake pulsations were palpably discerned at Beveral houses in the same locality by the inmates. The shock was also felt at Sandhurst and Eaglehawk. Messrs. Gaunt, the proprietors of the Alfred Woollen Mills, Williams town, have secured the bonus of £5,000 offered by the Government of Victoria for the .first 10,000 yards of worsted tweed of colonial manufacture. The board saw the concluding phases of the work, and Messrs. G31, Andrews, Barlow, Turnbull, and Miller expressed themselves well satisfied with the result. Foxes are becoming very prevalent in the Newstead district. Recently a young man, named M'Dl'vrick, captured no less than 15 in a paddock belonging to Sir. T. Hamilton. His Excellency the Governor has given his assent to the "Juries Statute Amendment Act," which provides the following rate of compensation for jurymen :— Special and common jurors within five miles of the .court, 10s. for each day attending at the court; if over five miles, travelling expenses at the rate of Is. per mile, one way only. In the event of any criminal or civil case occupying more than three days, each juror empannelled to receive for every day over that number and not exceeding six, £1, over six days, £2 per day. The latest cablegram from England states:—Lord Lytton, late Viceroy of India, has been appointed English ambassador at Paris in place of Lord Lyons, who has resigned. Lord Lyons is to receive an earldom in recognition of his services. A great storm, causing many shipwrecks, has been experienced in the English Channel. Mr. L. P. Haydon, M.P. for Leitrim, has been sentenced to two months imprisonment with hard labour for having incited the populace to disorder at the recent Irish evictions. The first load of the new season's wheat was sold on Saturday at Terowie, South Australia. The .weight was 681b. per bushel, and the average yield 18 bushels to the aore. This is the earliest wheat delivery on record there. A disastrous fire occurred at Tungamah on Saturday night, whereby MessrsCalvert and Co.'s general store with the stock entirely consumed. Nothing was saved except some bags of sugar, potatoes, &c.; The value of the stock destroyed is estimated at £3,000, which is said to be insured. Some months ago reports were current at Waikato that a large saurian had beenlsegn. A telegram from Raglan now states that a native shot at one on the beach there, whith is stated to have been twelve feet long, and six feet in girth, with a head like that of a leopard, ' -The largest pontoon every constructed in Australia has just been launched on the Hawkesbum by tha bridge contractors. The pontoon, which is intended for the conveying and placing in position of a heavy ironwork for the bridge is 340ft long, and 61ft broad, and 10ft 6m. deep, and is capable of supporting a weight of 7000tons. An extraordinary celebration of Her -Majesty's Jubilee took place on the 27th August at Derby Dale, near Barnsley, in the presence of 30,000 spectators. A monster pie, weighing'2| tans was provided. The pie, which was baked in a specially constrncted oven, contained 60st. of flour,2301b. of butter and lard, 225 fowls, pigeons, geese, turkeys, and grouse, and 67 rabbits and hares. A procession -was formed to die field where the pie was distributed. The Paris correspondent of the Daily Netcs Writes:—" Even unholy Monaco is not outside the plan of salvation, as the Pope has just created a bishopric here. The occupant of the new see is.Monsignor Theuret, who is the titular bishop of Thermopolis. A cathedral church is to be erected, and Princess Radzivill, n&e; Blanc, the Prince Roland Bonaparte are prepared to subscribe handsomely to the fund for building it. So far the church has had few other duties to discharge at Monaco than christening children and burying gamblers who have committed suicide." A worm has been found in Germany which devours iron and steel rails. It curies two elands filled with a corrosive secretion which it ejects, corroding the iron, rendering it soft and spongy, so that/it can be devoured. f, A suburban station was the other morning for a time the home of a yelling infant. The little waif, which was about two months old, says the Herald, was found "in the waiting room placidly suckling adimpled fist, and studying the works of art literature with which railway stations are so lavishly furnished. An unmarried porter was the first to discover the derelict, which at sight of the nniform cooed and gurgled. The porter being puzzled sought the assistance of a colleague r ho, having to provide copper toes for nine, is supposed to know all about children. Bv the time this person had arrived, the baby was in full blast, and various means of soothing the startled cherub's feelings were taken. Sponge cakes, sandwiches, lollies, plug tobacco, a whisky flask were all tendered, but did not seem to be what the child was used to. Telegrams were sent to headquarters and to the police in the meantime, and just as one of the moat intelligent men in the force was gradually seeing his way to a paragraph in the papers about a clever capture in connection with the burglary boom by taking the youngster in charge, a matronly woman came on the scene wiping her face in the corner of her shaw l. As she pacified the yelling youngster, she mentioned that she had got up town, and after- doin* her shopping then remembered she had l3t the baby somewhere and went back to the station to see to its welfare. Then she sriiwied at the policemen and the nuawlfo'had tried to booth the baby, smiled sweetly at the young bachelor porter iuid sailed out into space. Sunstroke is a very badly-chosen term, seeing that a large number of peraons |« ho are thus overcome by the heat are in the shade: or cover at the time. Bakers in iUventilated . rooms often exhibit precisely similar symptoms. The faot is, if a man gets overheated beyond a certain point he either perspires veiy freely Or gives way. There is a peculiar smell n-bout a sunstrnctt man that seldom deceives, but sometimes it is difficult to be certain whether he was more than drunk. When I was in the city hospita I had, during the summer of 1S78, thirty or forty cases every day,, and the never-foiling test was to dip the patient. into an ice-cold bath. If he waa sons truck he would show signs of relief and be quiet, but if he was drunk he would sober up in an instant, and quote scripture and recite poetry with an emphasis which was astounding.— New Tort Democrat. One of the most curious deaths on record took place at Maryborough, Queensland, last week. There is a creek runs through the Botanical Gardens, and about ten o'clock one evening laat week a man accidently fell into it. He could swim and was making to shore, when someone raised the cry of *' A shark? a shark !" Of course, it was quite dark, and the mistake could be easily accounted for. Two or three young fellows began to pelt the supposed ehark with atones, and before the fatu mistake was discovered, the unfortunate swimmer was hit on the head and rendered insensible, and so drowned. A more curious or fatal mistake could hardly be imagined. The secretary of the Amalgamated Miners' Association at Bethanga has written. to the Department of Mines, stating thathe has inquired into the work of the prospectors {three in number) on the Jarvis -Creek. The country is of granite formation, and there Is every -indication of good gold being come across sooner or later, from the fact that alluvial deposits have been found in that and other creeks. The prospectors are well pleased and have expressed their determination of prosecuting a vigorous search. The St. Arnaud Association have reported that they are prospecting both in quartz and alluvial, with fairer prospects from the' former for silver. The prospectors at work on the north end of the old silver reef have come across a well- defined reef, 4ft. in thickness, and sunk ltto 22ft., obtaining good specimens. On the British line of reef good prospects have been obtained by two men. They started on the surface at 2in. until it widened out to 7in. in width, and on which they obtained fair gold. A sad accident by drowning occurred ou Saturday,'the victim being a young lady, a pupil at the Loretto Convent, named Elizabeth Daffy, whose parents live at Cundare, near Colac. The pupils of the school, about forty in number, were having a picnic at the Lai Lai Falls, in charge of a teacher named Annie Coyle, who saw the deceased coming up the creek towards her. Hearing a scream, Miss Coyle rushed towaids the spot, and saw Miss Dafiy struggling in a deep waterhole, into which she had slipped. Miss Coyle went in as far as possible, and threw a scarf towards the drowning girl, but she sank at once without catching it. Assistance was sent for to a farm, and the body was taken out about half an honr afterwards. Miss Daffy was an only daughter. A telegram from Sydney says that an epidemic of measles is ragins; at Willeroo and Redfern. Over two hundred children have been attacked in one public school. A dozen deaths .through the disease hare been reported. A miner, named James Condrick, was killed by a fall of earth and sand at the Waterloo mine, Beaufort, on Saturday. 