PUKE GOLD ! BY MRS. H. LOYETT. CHAPTER XIIL— [Continued.) MRS. MALSHAM'S ' SWOKKY.' The; household in Kensington Square was in a ferment of agitation. All day long thoro wero tradesmen's carts dashing up to the areu gate, and confectioners bearing mysterious trays on their heads seen disappearing do vn the area steps ; strange parcels wero stealthily taken in ufc the front door, and whole groves ui. (ju-imo nuu xerns were carnea mco cue nouse. In doors all was excitement and cofusion : the footman and the maids rushed about breath lessly ; workmen were in the drawing-room moving the furniture ; Mrs. Malshani, capless ? and red in the face, ran up and down stairs, giving manifold orders and directions; tho young ladies, up in their bedrooms, were sur veying with delight the new dresses just home from the dressmaker's ; whilst upstairs and downstairs, above nnd below, the air was re dolent of a strong unctuous odour of rich foods of divers kinds in the process of being cooked. For that evening Mrs. Malsham was to give a large dinner-party, at which eighteen guests wero to sit down at the festive board, to bo followed at a later hour by what the good lady impressively called a ' sworry.' And all this was in honour of Valentin0 Eyre. It was for him that the fatted calf was slain; for him the entrees and the ices and the , jellies from Bridgeman's kept pouring 1 down the area ; for him the hired waiters at ten-and-sixpence per night hud been engaged ; for his sake that great and small were slaving and toiling from attic to cellar, from sunrise to sundown. Valentine Eyre had now been six weeks in possession of his fortune. All the law business had been settled ; all the legacy duties had beo.i paid. There was nothing more for him to do but to set to work to enjoy himself and spend his money — and, to a certain extent, he did so. The London season was in full swing, and Valentine was now quite established in the comfortable rooms in Clarges Street that had belonged to Oswald Power — that gentleman having migrated to Cragstone Edge. Ho had bought a great many clothes and cigars and trinkets ; he had set up a brougham and a buggy, two harness horses, and a park hack; he had retured a countless number of cards which had come pouring in ui:on him from all directions and he hud accepted manifold invita tions to the houses of persons he ; had ne/er heard of in his life before. And with till that his head was not. in the very least bit turned. He began to understand, with a frightful plainness, that it was his money and. not him self that was being courted after, and the com prehension of this fact aroused in him an immense contempt for the smiling world that, opened, its. arras. ko cordially to receive him. Aud yet, though he despised it, he did not turn his back' upon it. On the contrary, he took what it offered him as part of the necessary duty wbish he had set himself to fulfil, for he had said to himself that snrnewhere surely amongst all these fair and well-born women he should ;meet that one woman who must be as guileless and pure as she was beautiful, and who would love him ' for himself and not for his gold. , Neither did his money make him happy. ; On the contrary, the consciousness of his wealth was at times an absolute oppression to him. When he remembered his cousin ban ished to that lonely tower in the north, and working there as his paid agent, it often seemed to him as if he were committing some crime in not hastening on with greater speed that day ?which was to mete'OUt equal justice to them both. ' Great riches, without contentment, what is it ?' said our philosopher to himself, won. dering vaguely whether he had not been hap pier on the whole in- the days when he had Bat in Mr. Malsham's office on a high stool, . and earned a hundred and twenty pounds a-year. Now in these days it was that Richard Malsham said to the wife of his bosom — ' If you don'c keep a hold on that young man he will slip through your fiugers alto gether. There are no end of swells after him already, and if Bella don't look sharp she'll be out of it.' ' She's working night and day at a set of antimacassars for him,' said Mrs. Malshara. 'I'm sure if he bought them at the School of Art in South Kensington they couldn't be more beautifully worked, not if he paid five guineas a-piece for them.' ' Pooh ! what's that to him 1 He could buy dozens at fifty guineas each if he wanted them. A man don't care for antimacassars; if you want to get ut his heart, give him a iirst-class dinner.' Mrs. Malsham took. these hints concerning the weak point in. the miisculino armour in good part, and tho result was an invitation to dinner, to bo followed by ' a fow friends in the \- evening,' which Val, with a kindly feeling to wards his old master and present man of business, was careful to accept. Instantly ?' more invitations flew out all over the town. and by the time the eventful day arrived, Mrs. Malsham was in the proud hope of receiving a select party of eighteen to dinner, aud a party —not at all select— of some hundred and fifty persons to Uio entertainment in the evening which was to follow in thu wake of the banquet. Of course, Val took do*n Bella to dinner, and wns seated between her and her mother — in fact., thero was a regular Malsham fortification on overy side of him, for young Albert and Madelino were exactly opposito to him, whilst botweon an opening of the . ferns and exotics further down the table tho head of Bella's younger sister was constantly to be seen, nod ding playfully and archly towards him. 'I havo nearly finished them,' said Bella in a mysterious whisper to him between the mouthfuls of her soup. ' Yes?' very doubtfully. ' Oh. you naughty man, I believe you forget all about them — what you nsked mo to make for you.' For the life of him Val couldn't remember. ' May I come to your rooms and see if they fit some day 1 You know everything depends upon the fit.' ' You aro very good,' murmured Val, ' and I am very stupid. But was it socks — t-r a waistcoat you are knitting for mo V ' Oh, Mr. Eyre !' Up went Bella's fan before her face, and she went through a sort of pantomimic action with lowered eyelids, which any bright- witted young man should have recognised as an indication of maiden blushes — only that Val was obtuse, and seeing no blushes, only gazed at her in blank amnze inent. ' Oh, 3rou naughty bad man !' continued Miss Malshani, breaking into a series of little giggles ; ' do you think I should be so im proper as to want to come to your room to try on such things 1 Oh ! how shocking ! Good gracious ! what would my mamma think if she heard you ! She is so parti cular about us girls — but, dear me, you are really too, too funny !' and Bella's giggles became almost hysterical. At length; however, she managed to convey to Val's comprehension the great fact that fourteen antimacassars, worked in different colored silk, awaited his gracious acceptance, if only she and mamma might come to tea at his rooms to fit them on to the chairs. Poor Val, with innocent unconsciousness, fell into the trap thus skilfully laid and promised to name on early day for a combination of afternoon tea and the exhibition of the anti macassars. Then he was surprised to find that he was an object of attention and deferential respect to the assembled guests. An old man, whom he had never seen before, asked his opinion on some topic of the day across the table, and listened politely, amidst a profound silence, for tho few words that fell from his lips in answer ; ' but after all,' added Val hastily, not relishing this general observation of which he seemed to be the object, ' I know next to nothing about politics.' ' Are you not going into Parliament V- murmured Bella at his side— for Bella had her day dreams. 'No — why should 1-1' he rop'ied in some surprise. ' Papa seemed to think you would, with your fortune, and large interest in land.' ' Really ! No, I haven't thought of it.'tj ? ' I am a Liberal,' volunteered Bella. ' I always have been, you know, because papa and Albert are — and because I think Mr. Gladstone has such an interesting face.' ' You have indeed very excellent reason for your, political creed, Miss Malsham,' re plied Val, with a ghost of a smile at the corners of his mouth. ! ' And what are you 1' queried Bella, en couraged by this reply. tf I? — oh, I am nothing!' 'Nothing ! Do you mean to say yon have no opinions — no idea even in politics ? Is there nothing on earth that you long for or seek; after V 'Yes, there is something, but it has no thing to do with politics,' said Val, smiling. Bella dropped her eyelids. His voice was significant. What would he answer her 1 ' Dear me, Mr. Eyre! what can that some thing be?' she inquired, with a conscious smile. 'Tho Philosopher's Stone,' answered Val. Bella looked up with a start. It was not at all the answer, she had expected. . ' I wonder what you mean 1' she said, with a puzzled look. ' I thought you had that. Is it not the power of turning everything into gold — :does it not mean money ?' ' No ; it is something very different — it is the secret of happiness,'- answered Val gravely. Now this reply was far above Bella's head ; she was widely out of her depth. She remem bered her mother's injunctions. She had told her to make as much way with the rich young man as she could at dinner-time. ' You may never havo such a chance again,' her mother had said to her; 'and a clever girl like you ought to know how to make use of 'your opportunity.' .; . . ? ; It seemed to Bella that she had now an excellent opening for a word in season that might be very much to the point. ' Of course I've always heard you are very clever and scientific, and all that, Mr. Eyre,' she said, with a pretty vagueness, which Val acknowledged by an absent bow ; ' but ;it seems to me that it takes two to make happi ness ; and any woman — who —who cared about you ? would be too glad, would she not, to help you? For your sake she would gladly change her own opinions to adopt yours —if she cared for you, you know. She would be char med ? ' Val looked at; her in alarm. Ho had not forgotten .the shame and the humiliation of' a certain scone in a shadowy garden some six weeks ago, when a woman I whom ho had always treated with respect and honour.;had 'lowered herself for ever even in his eyes. - There had been a ring of passion, however, in the broken words of that avowal, unwomanly though it had been ; but was Bella Malsham about to renew his experience of that evoning of pain here in tho full glare of the gaslight at her fathor's dinner table ? He felt unfeignedly thankful that Mis, Mal sham at that very moment gave the signal for the ladies to leave the room. (To be Continued!) 