CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTEa Tho morning yesterday was cloae and dnll and vef little work was dono. Connolly was the first to coo mence ope rations. Belzebub and Upper Crust rin a strong six fnrlongs on the grass. Lady Ash ton. Banker, Tho Loafer, Gemldino and oUtore of this team Were doing healthy exercise on the tan. Campbell had a trio at work, vie., Lord Allen, Blondlo and Agnes— ths latter, who is looking well, worked on thoetan. UIglt- laud Chief, who met with an accident, has buca treated to a spclL M. Moren sent tho steeplechaser Phenomenon long useful exercise on the tan. Waiter, Victor and Symbol being similarly treatod. Foalthsm, who has got a largo string together at present, sens SUvermlne twlco round tne tan la company with Gentility at a good aharp canter ; the son of Napolcoa seems to go a bit sore. Marmion went long slow work Kobol, Rosewood, Lady Level), Chicago and others went mild exercise. Chanter and Solo are turned out Mark Thompson treatod Phaon and Faugh-a-Ballagh to » etroogronnd on the tan; Gipsy's Warning, who Is on. the big side, being restricted to slow paes exercise Ik-new gavo Footman a strong round on the tan, Gildy doing similar work, Codland, Berkley and Flnt Pop- doing ordinary work. Barton, who has charge of Catty's horses during his absenco in Tasmania, lent Hazard, Busbmtu and Nordenfeldt good serrleeable- work; thoformor looks and goes wolL Little Jack, in the same stable, also moved along quietly. Davis had David, .Dargo, Dexter and Meerschaum working at Intervals. Camorine has been treated to a quiet spell. King sent tho greatly Improved Fusee long slow pace exercise oa tho Un, while his new addition. Reticent, pottered along gently on tbe sand. Jones sent lizotte long oasfnl work an tbo tan. Lonte II, Violet, Mia Mia and Dougnlston all went useful work. Smith's Miss Mnrkle cantered. Roberts's tri<t vis., Cricket, Patience and Spider were cantering and spurting on the tan. Reld's Grace Darling, Hot Iron Tho Ghost, KUty Flihor, Boron, Empress, Marlborough and others of bis team were pottering slang gently Kelly sent .the Sussex horse about 3 miles on (he tarn Anarchy and tbo remainder of the team were doing good useful work. W. Moran treated Little Jobs, Jim Coin, Jack and tho colt by Hamlet, out- of Edella, te pace exerctso on tbe tan. Leek's Master Jobd was.led on a hack. Kenneth. Beckwifih and Dargin were re stricted to mild exorcise. Carter had tbo Sydney Cup winner,. Favo, doing uicfnl work on the tan. Sydney strodo along nicely. Ambassadress cantered, liar per hod Uncus, Forsaken, Nectarine and Julian 'Gray doing useful work. There waa a host of others On the course, bat slow pace exercise was the order of . the morning. Dougalston, Cadland and Footman letTO- to-day to fulfil their Sale engagements. / — 