Facetiae. Sporting notes — flashing fivers. A miner at Dark River put in a blast and touched her off; he presently went back to see her spit. His friends scraped his remains off the hanging wall with bits of hoop iron. Hi« funeral was well attended. An English paper savs that 'the book that is now selling best in Italy is the Bible.' We shouldn't wonder. It must be quite a novelty in literature there. The master of a state school asked a small boy the masculine of step-daughter, and the young rascal replied — ' ' Step-ladder. ' That youth is very careful what he sits on now ; he piefers an air pillox-. A tiger at the Melbourne Zoo. was bo en raged by the sight of a dude the other day that he tore off the sheet-iron flooring - f his cage, and was in a fair way of escaping when bis keeper knocked him senseless with a bar of iron. Unfortunately the dude es caped. Country journalists are becoming rapidly respectable and, as a consequence, rich. Tbe proprietor of the ? Standard has offered a ten guinea, cup for the best silo made in his district 1 Humph ! We remem ber the time when it was as much as a coun try editor could do to present his offspring with a birthday mug, and tbe price had to go down to the advertisement account at that. Yet the literature then produced in the country wasof amucb livelier description than it is now. As soon as a man grows wealthy he seems to lose all his fun. A miner at Creswick went down into the well ci a shaft there, attired in some patent divingdress which was guaranteed tomake life below the billow pleasant and agreeable ; in i ict, a thingtobe hungered after. Itwas to be a trial of til'* apparatus, under the auspices of t'ic mining dej- crtmeat. The man had been below waUr aljoat fifteen minutes, when it was thought advisable to haul him up and ask him how he was. So they hauled, but the diver had evidently hitched the rope on to the centre of the universe, and it could not come away. A lot of men and boys, and horses, were induced to give a hand, and finally, after some considerable fooling, they got the diver to come up and see what the gory Hades they were tugging for. Upon opening up the apparatus, the venturesome miner was found to be bleeding at the nose like a tapped claret cask, and just in the act of giving up the ghost. They restrained him in the mad act, and after much care and skilful treatment he felt well enough 10 take a drop of liquor, am! explain that something had gone wrong, and he had got caught in the ladders. There is nothing excruciatingly funny about this till we ap pend a few words with which the Age winds up an account ol the affair: 'Had the lad der been a fixture, the accident would have proved fatal, la otlicr resjiects, the trial was considered very iuccestful.' We claim the italics. De Trow ?? ' How horribly that tenor is murdering his anthem, iliss Claymore.' iliss Claymore : ' Tliat-tonjr is my brother Ethelbert, Mr. De Trow.' De Trow (glan cing at his hymnal and turning the leaves quickly) : ' Why, how stupid of me, 1 thought he was singing Mozart's * Hallelu jah.1 ' Hiss Claymore : ' So he is.' Tim man who had his ear bitten off in a fracas in Port Adelaide the- other night, no doubt thinks it useless for anyone next Jau nary to wish him a happy new .'ear. In a country printing office. Editor (to cniupoai.oi) — -'How do you spell pneumo nia I ' Compositor (after several attempts) ? '-Give it up. Why don't you look in the dictionary?' Editor — 'Because I am sit ting on it and don't want to disturb myself. Nevermind. I'll cay that the old gentle man died of some disease that is easier to spell.' We begin to feel happy, as, by latest ac counts, we read that a Madame de Prnte has been sentenced {in Germany) to a fortnight's imprisonment, and fined 200 markB, for de faming the character of a Spanish nobleman, in her book ' Les Matinees Espaguoles.' The clia in of the case lies in the fact that the nation resented and punished 'de rate Madame ' because she did wr'te what was wrong about a poet. HiB being a. r obleinan was not taken into conside -ation, and it makes us proud and happy to learn that a poet ranks as high as a roble. Accordingly we expect to be treated with respectful awe, otherwise we shall assume a fortnight'sim prisonrnentBCOwl, and aSOO-mark smile. 