HENRY KENDALL'S POEMS. [By A.T.C.] Ever since the death of Henry Kendall, in 1882, there has been a general demand amongst those who do not wholly neglect Australian literary effort for a complete edition of the poet's works. Unlike Gordon, who at the time of his melancholy death still had portions of his first editions on the bookseller's shelves, the three email volumes which Kendall had pro duced had been Ions; oat of print, and so many people in the colonies had grown to know the poet by reputation only. Messrs. George Robertson & Co. have now satisfied the desire referred to by publishing in a casket, well worthy of the poetical gems which it contains, a handsome edition of Kendall's works. No more beautiful edition of any Australian author has ever been pre sented to the public. Particularly to young Australians, who have not been entirely carried away by the physical hero-worship which "V mainly character ised our youth for the past decade or so— to those who have not altogether sub verted the cultivation of intellect, the publication of this book will indeed be a pleasure. With the exception of Charles Harper, who may be called the father of poetry in these lands, Henry Kendall is the only native-born bard who has so far risen to any eminence as a singer of the south. Therefore the coming generations will cherith his memory with national pride; his name will I am sure never be allowed to pass into the oblivion which overtakes all but the princes of literature, but will always be associated with the first sweet notes of the Australian harp. The particulars of Kendall's life are so well known that the merest summary of them will suffice for the present purpose. He was born among the cedan of the Ulladulla district in New South Wales, and while still a boy went away sperm-whaling in the southern seas. Returning when about 1G years of age he became a clerk in a solicitor's office, and in this position made rapid mental development. Having subsequently ob tained a post in the public service, he married Charlotte, the daughter of Or. Rutter, and was in a fair way to lead a happy life. Unfortunately, he inherited a pitiable weakness for alcohol, and when he emigrated to Melbourne in search of pre3B and literary employment his life became most wretched, if we may accept as correct bis own sad history of these days. He returned to Sydney, and hi? life there was even worse, but after some years he pulled himself out of the slough of despond, and a short time before his death received a remunerative employment from the Go vernment as Inspector of Forests. This is how he spoke of his dark days in the poem entitled " On a street"— I only hear the brutal curse Of landlord clamoring for his pay; And yonder is the pauper's house That cornea to take a child away. Apart, and with the halt grey head Of sudden age, again I we The father writing by the dead Xo earn the undertaker's (ee. No tear at all is asked for him. A drunkard well deserves his life: Bat voice nil! quirer. eyct grow dim For her, the patient, pure young wife; She gentle girl of better days. As timid as a mountain fawn: Who used to choose untrodden ways And place at night heriagt in pawn. Havs I no word at all for him Who used down fetid lanes to slink. And equal hi taproom corners grim. And drone his thoughts in drags of drink : This much Ml say, that when the flame Of reason reassumed Its foroe, The Sell the Christian fears to same Was Heaven to his fierce remorse. ? The death of his child Araluen, whom he loved with a poet father's love, no doubt hastened Kendall's own end, but before he died lie enshrined her memory in some beautiful verses— Ttke this rose and very gently place it on the tender, deep Mosses where our little darling, Araluen, lies asleep. Put toe blos?om dose to baby—kneel with me, my love, and pray; We must leave the bird we've buried, a?y good bve to her to-day. None will ever, Araluen, nestle, where you used to be In my heart of hearts, you dotting, when the world was new to me; We were young when you were with us, life and lore were happy things To your father and your mother, ere the angels g??e you wings. He saved himself too late, and he found starling friends too late, for he died In 1882 at the early age of 41. Mrs. Kendall is now, we are nappy to know, In a position under the Government of the mother colony. A little more distinctive than Harpur, and less vigorous or varied than Gordon or Bronton Stephens, yet Kendall Is the moat musical of the quartette of aingeia which has graced the first epoch of our on developednationalliterature. His wonder ful flow of graceful words, bis perfect rhythm, his artistic perception of form, and ids anggefctive tenderness, are indeed wonderful in one who was a self-taught num. No British poet, under the aama conditions, ever excelled him in the mastery of poetical technique—not even Robert Burns, who is often defective in his workmanship, although divine in his inspiration. Kendall is Australia's sylvan poet, and when he sings of nature as portrayed in dells and mountain recesses, and rippling Greeks, it is with the voice of a charmer. He loves continually to entice the reader into the cool retreats of woodland delights. In almost any of his poems you will get touches of this love for the beauties of the bush. In addressing " Araluen," a email stream on the east coast of New South Wales, he says— River, myrtle-rimmed and set Deep among unlooted dells, Daughter of grey hills of wet Bom by mossed and yellow wells. 3Sow that soft September lays Tender inm?ia on thee and thine, Let me think of blue-eyed days. Star-like flowers, and leaves of Shine. Again in those lilting verses which he wrote tothe '?Bell Birds," o&e; meets such lines as— October, the maiden of bright yeflov tresses, Loiters lor love in these cool wildernesses; Loiters knee-deep in the grasses to listen Where dripping rocks gleam and the leafy pools glisten. In ??nia Creek" there is the same enthusiastic word-painting of Nature, and even when inspired by "Moss on a Wall," he starts off by singing— Dim dreams it hath of singing nays. Of far off woodland waterheads. The shining ends of April days Amongst tie yellow runnel-beds. Now it has been often said that although Kendall caught the external colors of Nature he never felt the deep subtlety of her inner teachings—that he had no perception of the mysterious rela tion existing between Nature and Man. The student who reads Kendall sym pathetically will have no patience with this theory. Kendall's fault was certainly to pay too much attention to the beauty of sound, and to neglect the influence which his theme might be supposed to exercise on man. He was more of a colorist than of an interpreter, but that is not to say that he was altogether the one and nothing of the other. His in terpretation Indeed is of the suggestive rattier than of the explicit character. joy in bright scenes and his sadness in gloomy surroundings are sufficient in themselves to indicate how Nature in fluenced him. Nor was it an external effort, for at tomes we-find him expressing a powerful consciousness of the deeper conclusions of the mind as reached through the medium of what the eye sees and what the ear hears. In "Araluen," to which I '.have already referred, he has thi? stanza— But, believe me, still mine eyes Often fill with ugfat that springs From divinity, whichlies grer at the heart of things. The last two lines beautifully express the faith of those who dread the blank of hopeless materialism, and are only, If dimly, convinced of being surrounded by myriad forms of a high spiritual life. Of Harpur, in a beautiful elegy, Kendall wrote— Hie music of humanity Dwells in his forest psums for ever. Two such lines clearly declare that our poet knew thebeanty of the music, though he did not tune his own harp up to Its ringing notes of harmony. Yet he learns life- lemons from inanimate nature. In one place, with a mountainous cape in New South Wales as his theme, he sings:— So wbeo trouble treads, like thunder, . .':" Weak men under Treads and breaks the thews of these— Set thyself to bear it bravely. Greatly, gravely, like the hill in yonder eeag. When we come to bis later poems this grand [appreciation of the close union that exists between Nature and Man is even more evident. His last volume, " Songs from the Mountains," has a dedi cation addressed " To a Mountain," which is hi perfect blank verse, and is fall of a nervous and vigorous expression of this affinity which exists for all, bnt which only poets can interpret. Such lines as these will not be allowed to die— -?????, Inttyvotoe Of deathless majesty. L kneeling, no* God's grand autbentic gospel I Ytmtbyjtu The great sublime cantata of thy etonn Strikes through my spirit-fills it with a life Of MartSngbeanty 1 Una, my Bible, art With holy leaves of rock, and flower, and tree, A few lines farther on he continues bis high strain— In toe psalm Of thy grave winds, and in the liturgy Of shigiiig water*. lo? my aool has heard Bat tie words Sufficient lor the story of ay Dream Are far too splendid tor poor human lips! No more perfect or elevated poetry than this has ever been penned in Australia. It has a faint echo of Wordsworth, bat it is worthy of the master. The fragments which p have given do not, however, convey an idea of the variety of form and theme displayed by Kendall's Muse. His diversity of lyrical expression is very great, aad he succeeds in all metres. In his later work he was evidently throwing off the influence of " the elder sons of song " to which he had been subject before, and if he had lived longer would no doubt have developed more originality of style. Swinburne's wealth of imagery, poured out in a cataract of music, dominated K^nfln^l con siderably, and he, too, often sacrifices simplicity and perspicuity to alliteration and the glamor of words. As we have said, however, he was freeing himself from this fault towards the end. His peculiarly Australian efforts have become fauly well known now, and every one will joiuin the regret that he did not devote his gVnius men continuously to this class of wVrk. Such pieces, for in stance, as "Ghost Glen," "By Euroms," "Bell Birds," "On a Cattle Track," and " Christmas Creek," have all got the tint and touch of this new southern continent, ?id are worthy to be called Austra lian poetry. Kendall's attempt to re count Australian incidents in blank verse was not wholly successful, although the execution iscarefuL "A Death in the Bush," " The Glen of Axrawatta," and "On the Paroo," all indicate an attempt to imitate Tennyson's " T&igli;>h Idylls." That ia where the inaplration;came from, and the form was unsuitable '. to the themes. If iwm?i?.ii h*A treated his in cident* in some more original way he would nave added to his fame and en riched the poetry of his native land. To sum up this, the first Australian born poet who has achieved not only intercolonial but transoceanic fameTl ahonld say that as a musical lyricist he is almost perfect; as a painter of Australian sylvan scenes he was also almost perfect; but he lacked ? strong indiTiduality. He was a planet, say, of the thud magnitude. In this volume that has been published I think it is a great pity that the cantata which he wrote for the opening of the Sydney Exhibition was not included. One verse will serve to ehowthe beautiful lyrical quality of the whole— Ah, haply on some mossy Slope against the shining springs, In thoseolddaya the angel Hape sat down with folded wings. ; Perhaps ehe touched in dreams sublime, in glory and The skirts of this resplpnflent time a hundred years ago. There is now a monument, erected by subscription amongst some admirers, over the remains of the poet, and hut year it was unveiled by Lord Ourington, when that eloquent scholar the Hon. W. B. Bailey delivered a graceful oration.on Kendall's career. Here let me leave him, with the hope that young Australia will learn to love their native bard. 