MAYA CLERGYMAN OFFICIATE IN A NONCONFORMIST CHAPEL P Canon Wilberforce thus replied to th Bishop of Winchester's first letter : "My dear Lord BUhop-The report t< ?which you refer in the London papers to th effect that I have embraced the opportunity recently offered me of ministering' among rn; Nonconforming parishioners is substantial^ correct. The Occasion, however, was no «ii ordinary Sunday evening service, bnt ont of the special monthly services for the peo pie, held ' upon the last Sunday of evërj month, when the uabitnal eeatholders of th« .chapel agreed to absent ' themselves, and ai effort is made to gather in those who are not in the habit of attending any place of worship The only inaccuracy, in the newspaper re port ia the statement that my acceptance ol the invitation was kept secret for fear of pro hibition. This suggestion' I entirely repudi ate ; the Only object of the pastor in not' an. Bouncing my name was to prevent the chape' being filled by those for whom the servio* woe not especially intended. -1" As to the legality of my action, the opin- ion of'twosvery- eminent barristers,' quoted by your lordship, to thé effect that ' it is not legftl fer a clergyman pf the Church of JBng. land to.tako part ss an officiating minietei ia a -servies < pf Nonconformists, wherevei held;'^is certainly "sew to me; and if it bc indeed the law of the land every conference on the spiritual life* such as those at JSeswicfe and Mildmay, every united prayer-meeting, Such as those cf the Evangelical Alliance, ita which clergy' and Nonconformist ministers officiate together, is illégal. A law sa quenching to the spirit, so cramping to tbs liberties of the clergy, and so denationalising tb the Church, would only require to be brought into the tight in these days of grow ing toleration and charity to be consigned at once to the limbo of extinct disabilities. " With the generalexposition given by your loriship of the raUm d'être of the Church of Englandand the pillars upon which she rests, I need hardly say, as aloyasen pf that Charon, andbrought up in the straitest sect cf High Churchmen, lam in agreement, and the' ac- tive and continuous work pf this important parish is based upon these lines, our adher- ence to the doctrines a ritual of the Church being known and read of all men. ' * I respectfully cont jud, -however, that by preaching the Gospel in the Albion Chapel I have in no sense repudiated any of these principles. When the whole of the Noncon- formist ministers of Southampton came and received the .Lord's Supper at my hands in St. Mary's Church their ¡act was not looked -ripon by .Nonconformists as a repudiation cf the principles of Nonconformity, but as a witness - to unity of spirit and evidence of Christain fellowship. " For myself X have constantly and public- ly declared, both in print and by word of mouth, that my eager desire for spiritual fellowship with all Who love the Lord Jesus .Christ does »ot imply fora moment that X eee no room for preference between the Chureh of England and the Christian sects around her- I have never hesitated' to de- clare that I know of no organisation calling itself a Church to compare with the Church of England. For fidelity to primitive Chris- tianity, for freedom of the possible tyranny of Congregationalism on the one hand and the despotism cf Papacy on the other, tot broad new of view ana wide toleranoo, for faithful- ness-to the 'whole counsel bf God,' for 'rightly dividing the word Of truth,' for wit- nessing to all the sides of the many-sided revelation of God, I am of opinion that her «quoleannot béfonnd. AB a living limb of the majestic vine Of Christ's Holy Catholic Church, with the strong pulseé of spiritual life beating through her whole frame, if she he but true to herself, and at the «ame time courageous, expansive, liberal, and tolerant, Jähe may i>e the rallying ¿round of Christen- dom in the days of disintegration and peril. I do not desire to tamperwith one of her grand traditions i I, would, not lower her standard «£' dogmaticteaching one, jot or 1$mß}, ?% Wohld nop sacrifice one syllable of the truth committed tb her under any specious cry for external unity, even if by so doing I could entice every Nonconformist in ; England'into her noble communion, for tho truth ¿s'nbt ours, but SouW Nevertheless Ï am 'cojQ< strained to believe that there is a bond ef spiritual -union whieh 'fer overreaches abd transcends the boundaries of the Chttrcb *of England, and that thonsonds who -are-de sjended- from those who in days gone oy conscientiously .separated £rom-the< Chhrph of langland, though they ' «re notfin Commu- nion exteru&uy; with us,. are- y*t bnUt into : tuatsplrituai fabrio of which Christ is the tfhief Corner-stone, *bioh lethe Holy pathbtfo Church, »nd cannot therefore" be stigmatised aammnsm^mm^o^ts:"'' 'Jf tbeimrd Jesos Ühnstwere tp-morrow víaittyto rè|urn aha call to himself Mis CHURCH OF ENGLAND, be ttiat great multitude which no man cai number, of all nations abd kindred and pee plea and tongues, and sects and eras, who ari united by faith to the Saviour t 1B it no* certain that that Church would not be eon terminons with any earthly or visible organ isation, but would inolude all in heaven os earth who hold the Head ? And if this woulc be true in the event of the Archangels trumpet Bounding to-morrow, it must havt been true upon that Sunday night when I was preaching in the Albion Chapel; and il I refuse co recognise it, and consider manj of His own to be outside the pale of Hu Body because they walk not with us, while they cast out devils in Hu name, and are do- ing, and doing well, half the Christian work of this country, it ia Ï, and hot they, whe ato guilty of the Bin of sohism. "My lord, you «peak of principles that are * dearer to you than life.' My ac- tion, wbioh you are oondemning, is the out come of a principle which ia far dearer to me than life. It is that Jesus Christ is now, at this moment, the living, ever present Head of His Church, aooessible to the very humblest member of that Church in all the fulnesa oí His saving, keeping presence. "Allowing to the utmost all the advan- tages to be derived from tho fact that the Church of England is ' indeed the ancient Church of the nation come down in a con- tinuous stream from tho fountain head,'* it is nevertheless true that1 thé soul of man has not to wandet back eighteen Centuries to find tile thrilling touch, the close guidance, and the fill-surrounding love of thé personal Lord Jesus Christ ; and if I ref use fellowship with believers in Christ who are living in vital union with their risen Lord because they do not see eye to eye with me upon questions of Apostolic order, I am grieving the -Spirit, marring the secret unity of the 'Body, and rending the seamless robe. " I desire to be taught ; I long intensely to see more deeply into these soul- Satisfying, truths, and I ask yonr lordship tb enlighten me upon the following'questions;-Given a man validly baptised with water- and -in the name Of the Father, the Son, and' the Holy Ghost,-thoroughly awakened to his privileges asa child of ¡God, humbly living a conse- crated spirit-baptised life, and yet not a member of the Church of England, what is the position of that man before his God P Is he.or ia he not in a 'state ef salvation' P Is he in Christ by faith P . And if he is, can any juan in any circumstances be hearer to God than he P If his standing before God be allowed, I would contend that any Aotof Parliament or commandment of men that would hinder an accredited minister of thé National Church from' 'preaching or other- wise officiating' where he arid those like minded meet for worship must hè not''from above, but; from beneath.' .. ':' "In conclusion,' your lordship says that you . cannot quite understand my hold of my Church ministry, with all its vows and un- dertakings, and yet' my indifference to the best and truest interests of the Church, and, as you believe, of the faith and truth of Christ.' In reply to thiB . grave and serions charge I am content to appeal to the verdict of my people, among whom I have ministered for fifteen years, to oar magnificent -new par- ish church, which, aided by the liberality of my friends, I have been enabled to build, and to the living Church gathered within its walls and at its altars; but I am constrained to add thathad I indeed merited this charge of indifference, I shonld most certainly have followed the. line of least résistance and de- clined to preach in the Albion Chapel. " I am convinced in the depth pf my soul that the faith and truth of Christ are honour ! ed and magnified by my action in this case, i I firmly believe that one main direction in j which the Holy GhbBt is working in thia our day is against exclusiveness and in the di- rection of the freest spiritual communion between those who-differ as to methods and definitions of the faith, and that no English Churchman does honour to the ' faith and truth of Christ,' or furthers the ' bestand truest interest of His Church,5 by treating Christian Nonconformists as outside the Body of Christ, and refusing to speak the word of X3od in their chapels, if they have the grace, the tolerance, and the charity to re- quest it. ' *' Moreover, I am filled with the conviction that the best and truest interests of the Church of England can be promoted in no way so effectively at the present moment as by the removal ot any. disabilities which hin- der the ministers of that Church from min- gling freely in their saored office with their Nonconforming parishioners, wherever they may be assembled. " I am persuaded that if every'Nonconform ist minister were moved by the Spirit of God to extend to thé rector of the parish the in- vitation extended' to me, and every clergyman possessed :the willingness'-»of mind&nd; free- dom of oonscienee to accept snob invitation, Without -any Implied naorwee of distinctive principles oh either side, : this - mutual ap- proach would break down the exclusive and sectarian spirit among .Christians, tend to- wards the realising of the ideal of the Church Catholic, which fe unity of spirit' amidst di- versify of oàn^ésfcatibhj ''«Iha^tr^'-nationalí isfe^WehnröhbrS inasmuch Bir it would cement theYistauUity1 nf-, tire Ohnrbh.not in-any pride or'pedigree «r4n Acts ' 'of " fcáruaunSnt conferring exclusive privileges,b«ft in: the heart» jot tiie Christians of Enjflandjlt .would jprobably ¡postpone dis flsteblfrhaiíimfcüidejlnítely." "'^.u.,.,¿i;-," CHURCH OF ENGLAND. the words, 'I desire most earnestly a better I understanding and ultimate anion with the I principal Nonconformists.' "I need hardly say with what unfeigned sor- row I find myself at issue with my Diocesan ; but, to quote an historio utterance, ' Here J j stand, I can dp so other, may God help me, Amen,' j " I am, my dear Lord Bishop, respectfully and affectionately yours, j "BA-BIL WILBERFORCE." | 