PROPHETIC CONFERENCE AT THE ALFRED HALL. Yesterday was the third (and last) day of this Con ference. The afternoon meeting was well attended. The following gentlemen were present:—The Rev. Canon Mercer (chairman). Revs. W. L. Morton, Morris, A Bird, U. B. Macartney, J. Ross, G. D. Lee, J. B. Johnson, A. Green, A. W. Webb, C. 11. Parsons, G. W. Gillings, Dr Flett, aud Dr Campbell. As on pre vious davs, Mr George presided at the organ. After singing. Her. Dr Campbell offered prayer. The Rev. A. Yule read from Rev., xxii. The chairman (the Kev. Canon Mercer) remarked thvt this was the last day of the conference which, he rejoiced to sav, had assembled in .Ballarat, and given them all the opportunity of considering most solemn aud practical subjects. The chairman on the previous dav (Rev. Mr Morton) had referred to the questions asked, as to what practical good could result from that conferences Some people had said that the parsons had “got their heads into the clouds,” while others declared that the parsons had “ got the clouds into their heads.” He contended that the clergy were net altogether unpractical. He had recently read that the mortalityamong clergymen was lower than in anv other section of the community. Why and how was this? Because, he believed, they regulated their lives by rules laid down in a certain old-fashioned Book, which Book was full of common sense. A Book whose precepts would benefit men in this life and in the life to come. That was the true secret of the longevity of clergymen. He desired to be practical. If any man were placed in a position of trust, and his master went away, snould not that ser vant be careful to be able at any time to be ready for his master’s return, and to give an account of his stewardship? The manner and time of the Lord’s return were then alluded to. Though unable to lay down a clear plan of the second advent, so as to be able to dogmatise, every Christian should “be able to give a reason for the faith tnat was in him.” That, he hoped, would be one result of the conference. He hoped they would be, like cer tain men who were stvlcd in scriptures “more noble than others,” because they searched the Scriptures to see whether these things were so or not, and did not “fling mud” at tiiose who brought the glad tidings. (See 2 Timothy, Hi., 1«— 44 All Scripture is profitable for doctrine, reproof,” &c; ) The outcome is “ practical,” if lie knew anything of the meaning of that term. JThey were fully justified in discussing those important questions. He then introduced Mr Macartney. EVANGELISATION*. The Rev. 11. B. Macartney, M.A., spoke on “ How the hope of the Lord’s return should influence effort forthe evangelisation of the world.” He w&i; anxious to point out that—(l) it was their binding duty to seek the evangelisation of the wide, wide world (hear, hear); (2) the prospect of the Lord’s sudden return was the most powerful incentive to them to have their loins girt about them and their lam[>3 trimmed and burning. What did Christ say and Ilis disciph s •and followers do in the first century. We read* 44 All power is given to Me in heaven and in earth." Why was this power given ? Christ said, “Go ye and make disciples of all nations. Go out into all the world ami preach the Gospel to every creature.” lie proceeded to point out a few arguments to establish the position that the man who ha* this Blessed Hope is in a better position for the winning of souls than the man who is without this Blessed Hope. They should remember that the will of God was one thing in one “dispensation,” and another foranother. (Hear, hear.) What was His will in that dispensation of the Holy Ghost? It was emphatically the building up of the Church of God. The stones for that build ing had to be taken out of the vast quarry of humanity, and it was, so to speak, only stones here and there that were accepted. Looking back on the past IS centuries, millions had re jected Christ, and only comparatively few had accepted Him. (See John x., 20—25.) After a lengthy allusion to the growth of false systems of 'religion, and the slow progress of Christianity, he urged that it was high time the church were up and doing, not pillowed in eas2 or pleasure. It was now, or never. The}* must be in earnest. Sin looked awfully sinful in the near light of eternity. Those who watched for the Lora’s return would see His star, and the sun of righteousness would arise with healing in his wings. The watchers were brought into close relationship as they believed in Christ’s speedy return. The bariier between the believing aud the Lord was only slight. He referred to Rev. Allan Webb’s gl wing picture of the “ Golden Fra,’* such a picture a3 had never been seen (or heard) in Ballarat before, and scarcely ever anywhere else. They wanted the .Messianic time to begin ass .>on as possible. All would then know the Lord, from the least to the greatest. All would be worshippers then. Each of his hearers had the power to help on, and to hasten on that blessed period. Un til Israel came back to their land, the era could not commence. When the Church is finished, it will he removed. It would be aroused from its present apathy. They wanted the Holy Ghost poured out on all hands, on all islands all over the world. (Hear, hear.) The world is now only irri gated by channels from the River of Life. He wanted to see the life—the Word of Lite—spread aboard all the world over. What was the condition of tilings? There were fifteen hundred millions in the world, and only a fraction (thirty millions) of these were saved, and that in cities and settled countries and places, while millions of peoples were without any moans of even learning the truth. Every man and woman should beco-i e missionaries. Sup pose they s.uv a great outpouring of the spirit? It might he'bcciuse the Lord was closely approaching. If millions were brought to God it was that the Lord might triumph ami be set upon llis hoi}* hill of Zion. (Hear.) CHARACTER AND CONDUCT OF CHRISTIAN*^. The Rev. Alfred Bird, of the Dawson street Baptist | Church, next delivered an address on “The practical influence of the Blessed Hope upon the Character ami Conduct of Christians.” This hope was the personal and prc-millcnnial advent of Jesus Christ. They were not met to air unpractical notions. The last speaker had spoken of the Hope as it should influence efforts for the world's evangelisation. He (Mr Bird) had to speak of its practical personal influence. There were two forms of Christianity—negative and positive, and the latter was also aggressive. The latter commanded the respect of those who were somehow opposed to it, and the approval of the Master Himself. The influence of this truth is to raise the whole tone of the Chvistiiu life. (He then gave some of his personal experiences in connection with a great and fashion able Lot.don church.) It was the old story of sinning and repenting, baiting and matching forward half hearted and worldly at times, but a tune came in his history when he heard a voice saying, “ Behold, I come quickly.” From that time (and from his strong convictions), lie went forward. Neman ever longed for death; Haul did not want to die; lie wanted to be “ with the Lord”—not to die. A zealous Christian, who was told he must soon die, wou'd be to some ex tent paralysed in ins Christian work. The Word of God always us.d the coming of the Lord as the motive-power to holy living, not death. It is fir-tin order and in importance. (-Sec 1 John iii., 2,3). Christ is going to appear, and when He appears we shall sec Him as he is. The waiting Christiau was not a mere star- gazer, he had this hope over urging him on, and he “purifieth himself even as He is pure.” This is no pretence, but real work—feelings, desires, ambitions, were brought beneath its influence. (See Colossians iii., s)—“Therefore moitifv your members which are upon the earth,” Sec. If they were new men, they must have new clothing; lie who had brought them out of the grave of Sin would soon appear in His glory, aud present them before His Father with joy. “ Cast aside every w.-ight aud the sin that doth so easily beset you.” (See 2 Peter iii., 11). The rer. speaker proceeded to quote u large number of texts. One of the first things that struck him, as an independent student, in reference to this millennarian doctrine was that a vast array of Scripture was before him which he was unable to exp aiii or to deal with. He said—“ If my precon ceptions aud misconceptions are antagonistic to tne Word of God, I will surrender.” He became a pre millcnnarian through reading the Word of God. It might he said that some who believed as he did were aich-hereties. He admitted that; but those who had so gone astray had so wandered because they pinned their faith to isolated passages, and disregarded the full teaching of the whole volume of the inspired Scriptures. The llev. 11. B. Macartney, M.A., enroTcd num ber of members of the “ World-wide Prayer I’nion.” There was an interval meeting aud a communion service in the evening. The evening meeti g, at which there was a large concourse, was presided over by the Rev. 11. B. Macartney, M.A. After singing, and prayer bv the Rev. Mr pray, another hymn was remle ed, Mr Bethune presiding at the organ. TUB RRIDK, TUB LAMIt’H WIFE. Mr W. A. Southwell, general secret u v of the Mel b .urue Y.M.C.A. (spoke on the ahovenaineci subject. He said there were cities closely connected with pro phetic Scripture—Babylon, with its anti-Christian glory, the earthly Jerusalem, and the heavenly Jeru salem, that “ Holy City” of which he bad to speak. Babylon was referred to in Isaiah xiii., xiv., and xxi.; Revelations xiv., xvi., and xvii. The earthly Jerusalem was referred to at length by Isaiah, in the Psalms, and in Jeremiah. The llolv. Jerusalem John saw “ descending out of Heaven from God,” was referred to in Revelations xxi., 22 He proceeded to quote a number of prophetic pas sages ami to expatiate on them. The apostle John said how he saw the Heavenly Jerusalem coming out from Heaven. The contest between the powers of evil aud good was referred to. Babylon, so to speak, came up from hell; the holy city came down from Heaven. The city was absolutely of pure gold, as a representation of what was purely Divine. Pure gold all through Scripture has that signification. It was a perfect city; no temple there, for the Lord God ami the Rami) was the Temple. There was r.o borrowed (or derived) light; Go.l was its Light. (The significa tion of each emblem anu type was explained). What did all this mean? We had to take an outside view. John was taken into a mountain to behold the vision. The Bride, the Lamb’s Wife, was to be pre sented spotless. Those whom he (Mr Southwell) ad dressed would, he hoped, make a part of that glorious company, when “ the tabernacle of God was with men.” The Lord was to be King of the Earth in that day. The centre of Government would he the Lord IliuiseU. It was not necessarily a carnal rule— a personal preseuce—the • Queen was Empress of India, though she had never set foot there. Babylon was Satan’s centre. Some asked, “Will the Lord take a house ami live on earth V lie had heard such questions asked; but let them deal with the subject in such a wav a* to preclude the intrusion of such queries. If we suffer, we shall also reign with Him. Who were those that might go with Him through the gates into the city? Those who had washed their robes in the blood of the Lamb. Here they had “ no continuing city;" the»e there were no sin, suffering, curse, no change. Nothing but joy, God; no cause for tears, weakness, hunger—all gone; nothing now but happi ness—everything perfect—not a jarring element. There would be fellowship in the bamjuctt : ng-honse, where every banner was inscribed with love. There would be the hi od-bought thrones—not one would be missing. “They shall see llis face, aud llis Name shall be in their “foreheads.” It was a place of reward; there the crown would be bestowed; it was also a place of rest—rest from sin and discord, and from all that had come from the sin which defaced this world. And then the y would be'satisfied. St. Augustine had realised this truth. What is the practical issue? Peter gives it, “Seeing, then, that ye look for such things what manner of persons ought y* to be?’ You want to walk those streets of gold. Then be careful what you do, and where you go, and what you say. Those whom he addressed knew of all tills as well as he did. The recompense, the reward, would be measured by their doings here to some .extent. If they served Christ aud were separated to Him, great would be their glory and reward. They would be for ever with the Lord. Hymn.—“ What must it he to be there?* THK KTKKNAL STATE. The Rev. A. Green (of Adelaide) felt a tremor as lie undertook the task. The issues wore so momentous and awful, that it made him tremble, lie felt unable to deal with it as it deserved. There was .an eternal state for both the righteous and the wicked. The teaching of .Scripture on this point was clear. Ue would try to describe it; but they could u t grasp in finity, so God had only given glimpses here and there. Yet there were terrible warnings forthe unsaved. 1\. There was the eternal state of the righteous. 2. The state r f tin* wicked. 1- would not be necessary to say much of the abode of the righteous. There would (he believed) be a definite locality. Some had an idea that heaven was ethereal space. He argued that heaven w s a locality, ami, “as the heaven is hi'di above the earth,” so there would be degieesof blessedness, definite grades, “as'one star differeth from another in brightness.” There were negative aud spiritual blessings, negative, by the abalition of in “There shall be no more sea;” the sea was the type of restlessness and evil. “The wicked areaa the troubled sea." There would be no more death no more j:rief over departed dear ones. Death « ould be swallowed up in victory: no more sorrow, «■">‘ n k* ° anxiety. God would wipe away every tear 1.0 more pain: no night, It was an end!e=sda}, fc ” Lre ,\ °. no more curse. Not only would the r et jL'ie re other negative blessings; but there would also be I’Pf tive iovs. The river of the Water of Life was tip.cal of the fulness of blessing which God would gii e » hen lie was “all in all" to man. (The speaker quoted from the prophets concerning this typical water.) Some people thought that when they reached Ueai en they would be perfect; but he held that there would be progress and growth. Tlie.e would lie ac tivity of service, not everlasting twanging of harps and meandering in verdant glades. We was thankful there was a promise of fitting activity, suitable sen ice. Tiie prophets, the psalmist, the apostles, all hail longed to see God “face to face;” this was the general thirst of humanity. Then they whom he aildressd would actually bea'r the character of God, and possess some of the attributes of Divinity; “they should rei-n for ever.” There all would be perfection— holiness, knowledge, happiness, and joy, nothing to mar the pleasures of the redeemed. There was another—a mournful and awful—side to the picture. He would fain pass it over; but he must be faithful. What was the abode of incorrigible sinners’ Away from the presence of God. The place of woe is as definite as the place of glory, “outer darkness” “ the bottomless pit,” &c.; A place of unequalled awfulness, away from God’s presence — a phve of punishment, torment, weeping, wailing, gnashing of te-rth, the loss of all good, as resulting from the unrestrained sins of men. [The speaker continued to give a horrible picture of the hopeless place of the lost. There was no Scrii tm al warrant for believing ih any end to this penal state.J He, in con clusion, said that God did not make hell for man; it was “ prepared for the devil and his angels.” God wanted all to be saved, but men would not come that they might have life; they were moral and spiritual suicides. From the days id Noah down to the present time, the same truth‘was repeated—salvation was neglected. “ Ifow shall we escape if we neglect so great salvation V He asked his hearers, Where are you going ? which of the two roads were they travelling? Some people to-day were going to hell with the Bible under their arms. The new and living Way was in and through Christ. He closed with an earnest appeal to his hearers to accept salvation through faith in Jesus Christ. The Communion Service then took place, the Rev. Dr Campbell presiding. The Rev. Allan Webb delivered a brief closing address. ■ 