CRUMBS. Boneat Ben. Rigid economy. Stuart v. Thow. Additional revenue. Vale-Colonel Sargood. Magsmen out and about, Wool market hardening, Thow in hot water again. Mote additions to the Zoo. Upper Murray now a banker. A Dold courageous leader. gain in half year 13 698 inches. History reoords gigantic shams. England has the support of Italy. Motto-^W'oughter buy re Watoh. More Civil Service retrenchments. Income tax will conurence at £200. It is all UP with the sparrows now. Corner men going in for Home Rule. Federal gathering on (Saturday night. Severe drought in North of England. Nugl*eta still turning up at Teetulpa. Mr. Smith's knighthood now assured. What do you think of the new policy ! Another row in the Looomotive shops. Port Pirieans jubilant over their river. Tbe_ hermetically sealed policy opened. Anti-foreign feeling increasing in Paris. Hmdmarsn medioo censured by a Jury. Whaling Company proposed at Hobart. Have sou seen the new lion at the Zoo? Cheering rainfall return from Mr. Todd. Drought broken up in North of England. Another New Guinea massacre reported. The late Ministry all voted against Ebby. A capital speech and a better policy, Tom, Protection will be dealt with-this session. N.S.W. spent £138,405 on the unemployed. Coercion applied to the Houee of Commons. Vacancies in Civil Service not to be filled up. . Victorian bogies too clnmav for onr hills line, Ebby has turned the corner again-lucky dog, Hon. Samuel now feels better-spasms gone. £600 collected for the Qaeen's Jubilee Fund. . Another raid upon Jack Sparrow pro jected. Victorians heaping coals of fire upon our heads. Noble hospitality upon the part of our guests. ^ Queensland jealous of S. A.-going in for a Fine prospects for Murray traders in coming season. Liberal Unionists finally {discarded by the G.O.M. One hundredweight of gold found at Kitn berley. When a man is "done brown" is it a dun colour! Another big contingent coming from Victoria. Two millions wanted by New Zealand for railways. Ihe sparrow beooming master of the situation, A milkman's motto-Cleanliness is next to godliness. An extraordinary yield from the Broken Hill Mine. 68,266 oz. of silver from a mine in one week. Prodigious. The G.O.M. has lost faith in his late First Lieutenant. Father McGlynn, of New York, excom municated. The Sultan won't be bounced by Franca and Kuesia. 2,000 applicants already for Chafiey irriga tion blocks. Another good river assured-we're in luck's way all routed. Another effort to be made to test the Teetulpa reefs. Appropriate name for butchers-Mutton and Suet. Fact. Curious female shut up in a vault in Hind marsh Cemetery. Prospect ot better times now for building trades in Sydney. Will the new House tolerate a Ministiy with convictions ? Big Ben has tried to beoome a Protec tionist, but failed, France continues stubborn over'New Hebrides question. Three Maoris sentenced to deathat Giaborne for double murder. Where are the patriots while the Teetulpa reefs are neglected ? The late Treasurer only out a sixth in his anticipated revenue. Milaura Irrigation lands to^be open for selection in a month. I (Over Si inches of rain at Gumeracha and Lobetbal last month. Bertie expects £40,000 from In dial for his Imperial Institute. Victorian exoursion trains to Adelaide likely to be continued. The only question with regard to that knighthood is " when." Branch office of the Register, Observer, and Journal at the Exhibition. The Broken Hill bids fair to outrival any of tbe California Bonazas, Ballarat OWDB the first statue of Bobbie Burns erected in Australia. Mattinson will be joined by some more un satisfied aspirants for office. Wish Borne one would find only one million sterling for onr Government. Dr. Horne, of Blenheim, is supposed to nave perished in the late fiie, Who will subscribe to send bilious Simuel home to impeach Gladstone'? Broken Hills, £119 10a. " Will reach £159 jet." Perhaps ; perhaps not. Sydney Banks propose to reduce the into rest on deposits to 4 per cent. Coercion Act to prevent the carrying of umbrellas required in Hobart. Some good advice from our Victorian neighbours on Saturday night The Austral got to Bre<vkseafrom the Sema phore in 72 hours- smart work. Singapore has sent a man with smallpox to Sydney. Blackball that island. A sensible use of the Women's Jubilee Fund money has been agreed to. The M.C.3. will have a Btroni; team of Eng lish cricketers out next summer. Rev. Dr. Dale will bring his wife and daughter to see South Australia. Frenoh Boyalists are now sangaine that the day of restoration is at hand. Now then, ye rich Adelaideans, help a derervinp: enterprise at Teetulpa. The Sultan, like Mr. Micawber, always waiting for something to turn up. Visitors from the other colonies recognise the rare beauty of our fair capital. French .Republican Press scared at levee held by Comte de Paris in Jersey. Widespread distribution of disease germs through the milk of diseased cows. A good characterwas the foundation of the fortunes and titles of the Brasseys. The much persecuted sparrow is now busy gobbling up myriads of insect larvse. Jubilee donation of £10,000 to Imperial In stitute from Maharajah of Jodpore. The financial statement is not a cheerful accompaniment to public festivities. The venue of the war scare has changed from one side of Europe to the other. Protectionist thy name is inconBiBtenoy. Look at the neglected Teetulpa reefs. What would the fire-eating journalists do without the eternal Eastern question. How long did it take the little Corporal to conceive and fire the fatal bombshell ? Does any one seriously believe that Franoe is sincere in reference to the Holy Land ? When was Cotton not cotton? At the late election, for then Cotton was worsted. "What ib dogmatism?" asked some one of Douglas Jerrold. " Puppyism full grown." In 1830 Mew York contained 238,799 inhabi tants, the population in 1880 being 2,803,586. The plucky little Japs are prepared to help John Bull if attacked by the Northern Eagle. Civil servants who receive £300 a year will be reduced to £270 and pay income tax on £70, Chancellor Gosohen denounces the G.O.M. and his coadjutors for conniving at obstruc tion. Probability of mail coaches being revived in England in connection with the paroels post. £750 to be saved in the Lands Titles Office. Clerks to do their own porterage now. About time. The Parnell letter has some Uqht thrown on it by the correspondence respecting Mr. Pigott. ?«« Mr. Tomkinson strenuously opposed the Bullion Act, which was the saving of the colony. It is only a soul-inspiring following which will be distinguished by a bold and courageous leader. The Fisk Jubilee Singers are attractive because they throw their souls into their singing. The colony will receive an impetus from the presence of so many influential and intelligent visitors. It is the letter that kills. To fight about the holy places is to insult the spirit of the religion. There's no procrastination about those Cbaffey Brothers-Mildura nearly ready for selectors. Visitors from the other colonieB have dis covered that it is not always hot and dry in Adelaide. Simplicity, sincerity, harmony, and taste make the songs of emancipation thrill the audience. "Wine is the only article Of commerce which iB not at the present moment over produced." International brass band contest proposed by Professor Ives. Life assurance rates will be raised. Will some one please frame a letter of oon dolence to Mrs. Gladstone ? Oar Sammy has killed him, There is one foundling asylum in Moscow where 3,000 foundlings are received each year, or 36 a day. Strange that another dispnte with Mr. Thow should break out with Mr. Ramsay in the Ministry. South Australia anent protection sings to commerce " Sweetheart, farewell. I go to my dungeon cell." There are 408 members of Congress in the United States, but only 283 are connected with chutches. Mayors will have to te careful now how they spend the people's money on hops and fireworks. " Gladstone, the Great Destroyer and Anarchist," by the Hon. Samuel Tomkinson, jUBt published. We've had the Fisheries, the Healtheries, the Inventories, the Colinderies; why not the Smitheries ? Loyal Jubilee Address from 20,000 Orange men in N.S.W. presented to the Governor for transmission. When you take, as the saying goes, more than is " good for you," does that imply that it is bad for you ? There is a feeling that a golden opportunity has been lost respecting the entertaining of Victorian visitors. The Melbourne papers will be soon, adver tising for railway trains lost, strayed, or otherwise mislaid. DoeB it necessarily follow that, beciuso a friend lends you some money he must be " a boon companion?" The sweet family life should find time to grow around the cheerful hearths of the long cold winter nights. Householders should be on the alert against Melbourne and Sydney lock-breakers and jewellery snatchers. The Mayoress of Hobart has been larruped with an umbrella for His Worship spending the people's money. Commissioner Peterswald won't tackle the Cradock ghost, it being of the female gender, according to Coglin. Premier Gillies has no doubt but that the colony muBt eventually prosper. That ought to satisfy our croakers. Did those municipal visitors take a Town Clerk? No foreiness should bewilder the expression of mistiness. Our Seamen's Union will not raise entrance fees where it is policy to bring all available labour under command. The Exhibition, which gives the Pressman long hours of toil, furnishes the public with most interesting reading. How did the senior member for Sturt manage to escape from America without a title of Colonel or General ? If we have an exciting tariff debate run ning it will be an additional attraction to I visitors to come to Adelaide. One has heard of a man " walking Into" a sirloin of beef, but did you ever hear of one walking into a pint measure? The cause of domestic manufacturers ought to receive a great impetus by the descriptions of the South Australian Courts. Bev. Br. Parker, of London, after spending a few monthB in New York, intends to return to England by way of Australia. Another proof of Sydney's pre-eminence The Assembly put through 71 millions in a single night, and beat the record. Now people know what the Women,s Jubilee Fund is to be used for,'they will sab scribe more freely and cheerfully. English capitalists cry peccavi with regard to New Zealand municipal loans. Only i!10C subscribed towards a £25,000 loan. Considering they were subscribing in the dark, the contributions to the Women's Jubilee Fund were very creditable. Princess Helena married July 5, 1866 O, happy is that man an', blest 1 Mae wonder that it pride him. Decrease in Savings Bank deposits during June, £742 10a. 4d.; increase of depositors, 303\. Capital devoted to enterprise. When a young lady of the period, accord ing to society argot is " out," does that mean that she " knows what she's about ?" The Governor would not have said so muoh about the recognition of Mr. Smith's services unless he had known what was coming. Peter the Hermit died July 6,1108 : What was J, or tny generation, That I should get olc exaltation. Anld Keckie Tories didn't know our Hon. Samuel was in their midst last July, or he wonld have had the freedom of the oity. When yon, as the saying is, "put your foot in it" on a large scale, should yon be justified in calling that operation a " great feat?" How aDout the oase of a man forced to use crutches visiting the art gallery ? Would he have to give them up and pay twopence ? The Germans have a eohool for every 700, giving a total of 60,000 aohools, with 100 pupils in each, and Is. 7d. per inhabitant. Stranger-" Does Mr, Jones live on this floor?" MuBioal Young Lady-"No, Bir, his room is an octave higher, in the next flat." Dressmaker (to servant)-"Is Mrs. Levy in?" Servant-"Tees." Dressmaker-"Is she engaged?" Servant-"No, she is married. American Independence deolared July 4 1776: Marfc how their lofty independent spirit Soars.on the spurning wing of injured merit. Eloquence resides in the audience, and the greatness of a leader is the concentration of the virtues scattered throughout the rank aud file. "Dear me! you Scotch people appear to worship Mr. Gladstone as if ne were a sort of godl" exclaimed our Samuel, with pious horror. When you meet an acquaintance in a "beery" state should you aooost him with the Shakespearian ^salutation. " ale fellow, well met?" At a type-writer contest in New York recently one contestant, Miss M. C. Grant, is said to have written 384 words in 4 minutes 42 seconds. "Itisonlyintheoourse of centuries that an instance occurs of a great industry being destroyed in one country and its taking root in another," South Australia not likely to be represented at the International Bailway Conference at Milan. Victoria has an axe to grind and will be represented. A London correspondent hears that 140,000 copies of the reissue in pamphlet form of the Times artiole on "Pameliistn and Crime" were disposed of. It has yet to be determined whether and particular harm can come from sleeping in a certain position which the individual uncon sciously assnmes. The Brigadier wants ten days' notioe *at least when country companies of mounted infantry want to come to Adelaide. Wrinkle for the Bustians. " Na, na, I dinna think muokle o' Maister Gledstane 1" said Jenny Geddes' descendant when selling a bawbee's worth o' buckies to the Hon. Samnel. The last Parliament's darling was an elastio Ministry, which would squeak when pinched, and Bmile under, the most extraor dinary treatment. Mr. Angas has given all the sohool ohildren a Testament. If Mr. CogUn had been elected he would have given them all a dictionary. Not too late now. In Wyoming, where women vote, the law expressly provides that there shall be no dis crimination on account of sex in the pay for any kind of work. , The straight-backed Corporal raised his head with pride aud satisfaction in Sootland because be found there an old apple-woman to agree with him. Lords RoBebery and Hartineton painted like David freBh from the sheep. Great shame, because statesmanship does not in volve such innocence. The wolfish war-cry has so long been falsely raised that no one will really believe war imminent till it breaks like an unex pected clap of thunder. There must be a gratifying mental {breadth with the new members to encourage a Ministry of strong individuality such as is needed in critical times. ; Until women acquire and put into practice habits of order (says a writer in the Queen) they caunot expect their work to be appre ciated and well paid for. Burns' Monument near Ayr] completed, July 3,1823: Even now, as lost in thonght profound, 1 view the solemn scene around. Hospitals are to be established in Cairo and Fort Said in celebration of the Queen's Jubilee. Some memorial of the event is also to be provided in Alexandria. The Czar of Russia instead of hanging some Nihilist prisoners has reprieved them by sending them to Siberia. In Australia we call that " burying them alive." Farmers in Parnaroo and Wonna should be able to supply dairy and other produoe to the miners who are expeoted to settle up that way. Now is the time to begin. The number of schools given for England !B 53,000, which is one for every 600 inhabi tants, and an average attendance of 52 per school, and a cost of Is. 6d. per head. A very large number of adults form the habit of sleeping in one particular position, such as lying upon their right or left tide. A smaller number sleep npon the back. II the Bnssians come our sure defence is to get "Samuel TomkinBon" to write them a Cladstonian letter. Coffins may be ordered for them by the time they have read it. The exceedingly able Duke of Argyle "can rot forget his party because his party is himself. Many men of "safe mediocrity1, and otherwise are in the same position. We are reaping benefits from the inter colonial railway communication in the exchange of ideas and dissemination of know ledge. Travel is the soul of commerce. Looking at the facts and possibilities of local industries, it cannot be too often em phasised .that we need not protection but patriotism, not coddling but Spartanism. Now, then, Mr. Piatt, the time has come to champion the despised and downtrodden worm of the century. Bamivel has put his foot on the miserable, vaccilating creature. A lot of larrikins got into the gallery of the Kent Town Wesleyan Church last Sunday doming, and sprinkled a lot of pepper on the audience below. The result can be im agined. The Sydney Echo says" The people of this colony are entitled to claim the oommie seration of the world. They hare a centenary before them, and they don t know what to do With it." English sovereigns first issued, 1817 When heavy diatfed wi' pine an' grletin', Bat oiled by thee. The wheels o' life gae downhill sctievin', Wi' rattlin' glee. Chicago in 1830 only contained 45 inhabi tants, in 1880 the number had increased to 572,550. This quite puts the growth of Mel bourne, about which we hear so much, into the shade. A Chairman of a Farmer's Association does not agree with the scientific course given at the Koseworthy College; farmers wanted plain experience. Ia not our Professor trying to impart Borne ? The toastmaster opened the (Victorian dinner on Saturday by announcing " The Lord Bishop will now make a speech-beg pardon -will say grace," which made it diffioalt to preserve a sober face during that ceremony. President Garfield shot at, July 2,1881: My patriot falls; but shall lie lie unsung, While empty greatness eaves a worthless name! No; every Muse shall join her tuneful tongus, And future ages hear his growing fame. 