TO CORRESPONDENTS. "E.A.C." — Oilcloth should never be scrubbed with a brash, but after being first swept should be cleansed by washing with a large soft cloth and lukewarm or cold water. On no account oae aoap or bot water, as either will caoae the paint to come off. " Lakdladt." Petenburg.—Certainly. "Uxtir-EEB."— Acsording to the rules of the game it aan be done, bot it is not usual. "R. J. BoTca." Yatala—John Howard, of Bradford, jumped 29 feet 7 inchea in the Che. ter raceeoone May 8,1551. He held S lb. dumb-bells ia his bands and took off from a ?olid block of wood 1 foot wide, 2 feet loog. sredge-rhaped, 3 inches thick, siod raiaed 4 itKfcea in front. "Abthch Rax-.*—Rohray Hilt is about eight -tiles from Birmingham Tub Rrmo-O Prst?. — Reoetred from " Parkside." 5a calling attention to the bad state of tbe roads leading from Hog Bay to Cape Willonghby. Mr. T. WHlson waited upon the Commissioner oaSatmday morning—l support of the prayer of tiie memorial The Commiarioner promised to get a report from Mr, Irvina The Foil Court will tat to-day, being the firat day of Term. A depatatioa from the Trades and Labor Couodl wfll present a requisition to the mayor to-day asking far tbe oae of tiie Town Hall for a public meeting to consider the Chinese question. Already over ona hundred rig—a tures have been obtained. If agreeable to hia worship next Wednesday eveoing haa been proposed aa suitable for tiie meeting to take place. Upon that occasion Mr. Potta tiie Queensland delegate, and Beve—llocdgeotle toea, wfll deliver addrestses apon the subject. Tbe teaolntiana passed at the public meeting WiU be oonveyed to the Premier by a deputa tion. According to the London Engineer and Builder "detailed eatimatea for a bridge across the Stag—— CBiannd have recently been laid before the Fi—ich Minister of Pnblic Worts by Vice-Adnural done, of tits French navy, -with tbe hone of patting a Government sub . emtioo foe tiie project The cost of the bridge is estimated at £44,000,000, inwhiishanet profit ?f £4,00.000 is expeoted.lt is imagined fay the promote— of thisscheme that it wfll not meet with ret— opposition from English military anthoritiea aa did the tonod project, because it woold always be accessible from the sea. On this point we refrainfran offering an opinion, foot the d——ch—ae. of rt?-J.'-tn|"t""g *_i_ a work wonld be enormot-," Late on Saturday night the city coroner re ceived a report from the police that a small fire had broken out in the machine room of the Post Office. On Sunday morning he made an official enquiry into the matter and met Mr. C. Todd (Postmaster- General) and found from his explanation that the fire was due to a small gas stove, which was placed in the room, not being turned off when the officials left on Saturday. The clerks from the Telegraph office first noticed the light in the room, and the alarm was given and the fire quickly extinguished. Mr. Todd, in course of con versation with the coroner, said he would take sufficient precautions to prevent a similar fire occurring. The coroner did not consider an inquest necessary. Shortly before 8 o'clock on Saturday an aed dent took place opposite die Institute. It appears tfaat a cab with two horaea attached bolted from tiie North-terrace atation and collided with a hone and cart driven fay Mr. W. Wilson, of Prospect Mr. Wilson aad a boy named G. Nod ey, who waa with faim, wen thrown _o_ntiy out, and the boy was severetyinfured, while Mr. Wilson re ceived a alight shock. Dr.- Campbdl, who appeared oa tfae scene, ordered tfae boy to be cent to the hoapftal, which waa accordingly -dooe ; aad Ma Wflaoa waa taken to hia homa In front of the Jufaflee Exhibitioa tiie cab alao collided with-a horse aad apring -van driven by W. Packet; injuring ooe of the horses and damaging the van, bat no one was hart. The cab was smashed to pieoea The part of the boring plant promised aome time ago foe the north-west arrived in the Lillie Hawkins several day ago, aaya the Port Augusta Dispatch ot November IS, aad is now ?n route far tiie site of tiie ptoapeetivs bore, wfaieh ia in tiie Beda paddock, almost 47 milee north-arest of Poet Anpn?ti and between five and cix miles bkst d Haidie's Basin. The aectioa of plant already reoeived weighs about 30 toaa and eon ?ata mainly d tbe frame woik of a derrick, 80 feet high, which ia to be erected. The engine, piping, and drills have yet to arrive, bat in the meantime a party ol dx have bom engaged to erect the derrick, Operations ao far org noder the supervision of Mr. DriscoU, of the Water Conserve—aot Depaitmeat, who has beea fae * <__iderab— time stationed on the west ride. The boring operations will be carried oa noder the direction d lb. WaddeU. If Land and Water is correct, "there is aome talk ia the United Statea of graatiog bounties an the export of wheat, ia order to fcill tiie ever-increasing competition of the Indian ryot, It ia apparently thought that England isao weddedto the policy of baying inthe cheapest market, that even audi a step aa thia wodd not rouse her to retaliation. England ia too deeply concerned to aecarethe fit__dd stability of India for it to be parable for as to look oa quietly while the T_.__._t exchequer waa reduced to bankruptcy; ood boanty-gtnnting is eminently a game teat two can play at If for every -—n*— ?g of bounty the Statea granted oa export we paid an import bounty of the same amount oo Zodiaa or colonial wheat, this (if political economy teacfaea anything) would mean that we should get onr bread aa cheap aa before; bat tiie Bi—reran people would pay a part of the cost of production, and ao India, ?.".a. and Aus tralia would compete on more favorable terms than ever.** The following ia tiie report of tiie directors of tbe City Land aad Investment Company to be presented at a meeting of shareholders to be beld on November £s:—" In May laat yoor director, expressed tbe hope that the next balance-sheet would exhibit an improvement aa oompered- with its predecessors; this hopa they coatider, haa beea fairly realised, the £gnree of tbe present statement shooing a re ?doction ia the amount paased to debit of profit and lota aceoont of about £2,000. In July it became neeeea_-y to make a further call upon tfae membera of 10a per share, which was made Syable by two equd instalments in August ie call waa moot satisfactorily responded to, and _as enabled yoor director* to Inssrn in come degree tfae burden of interest in reaped of the company*, mortgagea Your directors hare daring the half year endeavored to still further lessen that burden by iwgntJatirms for other financial arrangementa and for redaction ins—lea Tbeae negotiation, have not yet been eoceessfoL bot are still proceeding. Tour directora have also had enquiries for some of tbe company's properttea, and it ia hoped that witfa tfae improvement ia city properties which yoor director* believe to have decidedly act in, some d the very valuable land d the company may before long be satisfactorily dispoeed of. The Broken HiU Times of November 16 writes:—"Mnch discontent prevails in town aboot tbe dow aad anaaliafartoiy way in which goods *_i machinery aw forwarded by the Sooth Anst—Jian railway fiom Arl?l?.d? to Broken HUL It haa been reported to _ that merchandise haa amved at Broken HOI a month otter being recdred by the —ilway authorities, io 4_faid_, As Sooth Australia ia ever likdy to derive a large railway and other revenue from tbe Barrier district the Government d tfaat oolony ahonld make it thdr speci—l badness to retain and forth— the interests at railway traffic with the view to please the mezcfaanta compaoi— __, and _-Felling poh-c of Broken __U, and, ol coarse, Silverton, Whose interests are inseparably linked with this commanity. It has beea stated that tfae Adelaide railway autfaoritiee are hur rying on the work of truck and waggon construc tion, but we think it is not rapid enough. The pre—at .development of this mining field ia noth—g ——pared to what it will be, and it is oece_ary for aU concerned to look ahead ao that tbe mining progtoas and the extension of the industry will not be retarded. It is a pity that a changed: gauge exists at Terowie. The change of gauge at Albury and Tenter-eld ie a great nniaaoca and it appeaza that it wfll always be productive of delays and vexations at Terowie. The Broken HiU trade A worth looking after, and we hope that Strath Aus tralian traffic managers and ?_itioo — _t_ anil bear tbia in mind." It waa add that the address sent to the -Queen by the women of South Australia aad Qluminated by tfae Dominican nuns of North Ade_ide. was the moet beautiful of all those presented to her Majesty the Qaeen, bat it is even excelled in bear—y by one just _lutniii&_4 by the come nans and bound by Messra. Wigg and Co.. for presentation to the Pope. This address is bound in white vellum and gold, in laid with Une morocco, aad having a rich fillet of gold beautifully wrought ia metal. At tbe top of the right page i* an exquisite paint ing of the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost, and ?t the bottom a miniature d the Last Sapper em blazoned on a mosaic of gold. The sides ue wronght with medieval designs, srith figures of saints and other emblems of the Papal dignity. St Peter occupies the centre, bearing under bim the words—"Then art Peter, and oa this rock will I build my church;" and opposite ia St. Pool en an enamelled background of crimson and gold surrounded by a scroll, on which is illuminated the words, "Thoa att a vessel of election " Io each initial letter will be found some emblem of the office d Leo XUL, and tl— arms of the Peed family occupy a con spicuous place. The scene at the head of the left psge is tiie giving of the Boaary to St Dominic. He kneels in the habit of his oider at tfae feet of our Lud, who is represented as a child in tiie arms of His mother, and from His hands St. Dominic receives the rosary. Pad is on the right-hand side, and oa the left is St. Joachim, tbe father of the mother of our Lord. A very lovdy figure of S. Thomas, emblazoned on a chagrin of crimson and gold, indicates the high esteem in which tiie present Pope has dwaya hdd the philosophy of St Thomas Aquinas, while St Frauds of Assesi receiving the stigmata points out his love for tiie third oider d St Fronds; and at the foot of tfae page a lovdy painting of the Last Supper standa on a diaper of gdd moaaic Under this is Qluminated tiie date of the Vope'a firat masa The finish and expression ct tbe faces in this lovdy illumination are quite perfect, and both tiie painting and land ing of Oe address reflect great honor on South ? Australia The address will be on view to day at Mama. Wigg & Co.'a Information waa s__. to the dty coronet by the T-ebarton police on Sonday morning that Mra H. Taylor, aa old resident tiuaajbad died -suddenly. Dr. Stewart, who was attending -the deceased prior to her death, aaid that ehe sraa Buffering from some chronic disease, and the coroner thinking the explanation satisfac tory will not hold an inquest. On Sunday morning a fire occurred in a bed room at the Marquis of Lome Hotel, Pirie street Having made enquiries the dty coroner found that a light had beea left burn ing io the room. A breeze springing up the window curtains were ignited, and one of tiie lodgers had a narrow escape from suffocation. The coroner did not hold an inquest Profeasor Hyland gave another clever dis play of Mb powers in wild bullock riding at tiie ExiKbition grounds on Saturday afternoon, when fal6 periforming ponies were also seen to advantage, and Mr. Finton assisted to amuse tbe spectators by bis skill in riding buck jumpera The musical and literary competition in con nection with the Pirie-street I. lord and Indus trial Society, in which eight schools are interested, was held on Friday evening, No vember 18, when tiie following prizes were allotted:—Senior Division.—Singing-—Misb M. Gulley, Parkside Sunday-sdiool, 1; Miss S. Davie, 2. Middle Division.—Singing—T. Henwood Mitchell, Folhain Sunday-school, 1: Charlotte Madge, New Thebarton Stmday- Echool, 2. Pianoforte solo—lrene Bertram, Parkside Sunday-school, 1; Mai—l Richardson, Pirie-street Sunday-school, 2. Recitation — Mabd Bichart—on, Pirie-street Sunday-school, 1; Charlotte Madge, New Thebarton Sunday school 2. Junior Division.—Recitation—A, Clarkeon. Pirie-street Sunday-schooLl; Jessie Bryant, Fnlham Sunday-school 2. There was a large attendance, and almost at the last moment Mr. W. B. Knox for the musical, and Messra F. Johnson and R. J. La vis for the literary competitions, kindly acted as judgea A strawberry fete in aid ot the Home for In cnrablea was given in the grounds d the estab lishment on Saturday afternoon. Tbe weather was delightful, aad a large and fashionable attendance assembled in the grounds Burround ing the home and spent a pleasant afternoon. Strawberries and cream sued other forms of refreshment were dispensed io a marquee, and tbe fair vendors were soon surrounded by a numerous client fele. The Eastern Suburban Band were unable to fulfil a promise to be present The Police Band and the Catholio Guild Band kindly gave their services at short notice, aad the former contributed aome exed lent music. A considerable quantity of articles manufactured by the inmates were disposed of to the rih.rit?bfy it—lined public His Excel lency the Governor, accompamed by Mrs. and Captain Mediam. waa present during part of the afternoon, and expressed himself ac highly pleased with what he aaw. We have received from Mr. J. G. Jenkins, M.P., Part XIV. ofthe " Picturesque Atlas of Australasia It is almost entirely devoted to descriptions of the suburbs d Mdb-iroe, whose grow this carefnUy traced, and many old landmarks that have now paaaed sway are referred to. The number in question contains aa unusually large namber d very choice views, and the frontispiece, '* Government Ho_e,"by F. B. Scheli, is indeed beautifully executed. Other noteworthy engtavinga are— "The Lad—stive Council Chamber,*' "The Fr—xoy Gardens" JW. T. Smedley). "The Cadton Gardens" (W. T. Smedley), " Evening on the Yana" (J. Mather), "The Yam at Hawthorn" (W. C. Fitter), "In the Botanic Gardens"(W. a Filler), "Ontiie Yawa" (F. B. Scheli). aad "Near tiie Yon Yanga" as well as views of several of the large suburban town balla No better means oodd be utilised than these admirable sketches with pen and pencil of en abling the reader to form aa idea of the architecture of the principal bmld_wa in the Bister capital. Authentic information with regard to the ooloniea ia *???—?M_.?iy _iffi_-nH _> obtain in England, and once it iaknoam that a wotk containing so many accurate facts and figures conveyed in such aa ___"—it ins; form is obtainable there ia certain to be a big demand for it Part XIV. is one of the beat that haa yet been published, aad it ia satisfactory to note that tbe aame high standard is being maintained all throagh the wotk, The popularity of Hudson's Surprise Party waa again demonstrated on Satarday evening when Garner's Rooma were p?—r*— in every part, and another change of programme was presented. A fresh artiste haa been added to the company every week since they have been in Addaide, and on this occasion the debutante waa Miaa Alice St John, oo operatic vocalist, who proved a pronounced enceeaa aad ia a decided acquisition. Tbe programme as a whole was one of the best yet ataaed by tbe parte, and waa reodved with weU merited applanea Mus Alice St John, who has a veiy attractive appearance, aang in the first half a nationd soar, "Australia by the aea,* arith ao modi aucceaa that the __i_w srere not satisfied until die had twice refloated tiie laat versa She poaaesses a fall rich cou tralto voice of nrnisnd power aod good oom pasa and did foil justice to the exquidte ballad catenated to her. The fonr corner men —Messra W. Horace Bent, T. Hudson, D. Gardner, and Oacar Smith—kept theaodienoe ia a dmmer of laughter with their fanny storiea witticism., and comic sooga while Miaa A. Ala yen and Miaa Millie Herbert had to reapoad to encores for their songs "The happy daya ot childhood" and "They all love Jack." The first half waa brought to a doae srith a new finale, "No—cry Bbymea" which waa pro vocative of mnch mirth. Mi aai a. O'Connor and Mociecy gave a doable aooa and denoe, " Tbe Mac-na-nu—rera" successfully, and Miaa Ada _—yen aad Miaa Nellie Harieybad to repeat their serio-comic duet " Ooekiin more." Mr, Dave Gardner gave one ot bia original scenes, and Mr. Beat's amusing .ketch "Athletic mad" waa well reodved, his apned to tbe audience, "Doot yon wmh you were me?" earning roars of laughter. Miss Grace Follande aang " Jo*t to please the boya" and waa recalled, and "The Brother. Malooe" aad "Southern flirtations" by Messra. T. Hodsno and EL Gilbert srere mod amusing. Sir. Gilbert oa the nrgieaa io tbe latter item wae seen to great advantage, aod ia rapidly devdoptng into a first-dam negro cunedian. Mis. St John*, accood number waa " Scenes tfaat are brightest" (Montana), and ia i-pooae to a w_U__—ted eaeocoahaoaag"Witt—ia mile o'Edinbon>' Toon. Adoable voiced aong by Mr. Ch-_e.Naylar.a-d "The SharpAoota. a Wife," in which all tiie leading membera d the company took part, brought a capital enter tainment to a doae. Tte batt-yearly mettle? of the Bootm takers' t'nion will be bdd sX tbe Labor Leafxie -halll this eveuinz. A specitl meeting of the Irish Satiotul __*yuo wQI be bM at the League* Rooma Vict-ia squire, this evening. A meeting oJ tbe A—ri(_e? Friend*'Aanciatioo will be held this evening in tbe Pirie- street Woslevaa leet—re__L Members of the Adelaide Philharmonic Society are -t-auefctt-d to take oopie* of —The Heast&h; *' to the rehearsal this evening. Tfae loUntfae Variety Troupe will give an enter tainment in tfae Oddfellow*' Hall. Port Adelaide, this tveoing, in aid of tbe Au_nl foot—U dab. BJ* E-veeUe__ tfae Oorernor haa announced hi* in tention Of being present at Major Dane* lecture to night on " Xbe great naval tattles of the American rthe—ion." Meetinga of ratepayer* VII! be hdd at tlie Tom hall. -Norwood, the Goodwood Institute, the South waili Hotel, and Mra. Lawton's school—om. Bowden, this evening. A novel cricket match will be played on the Ade laide Oval to-day. in aid ot the Point BcLeay Mission Fond, when . team of natives will be pitted against tbe W.nderera 