FURTHER PARTICULARS. The unfortunate woman, having fallen Into a state of second childhood, had become irksome to her children, and they could not utilise her in any way, she, as one of them said, not having as much strength and intelligence left as would enable her to weed the garden. An attempt was made, by passing her off as a mad woman, to get her into the lunatic asylum at Blois; but the doctor, on ascertaining that sbe was merely in her dotage, refused to lake her in. From the day he did so, she was cruelly treated, and the moment the neighbors heard of her death thev suspected her children. The cause of her death, the son-in-law stated in the mayoralty, where with her sons be went to declare it, was her having, when all the family were engaged in the field?, fallen into the fire, where her body was found in a charred state. This declaration was made after nightfall. The mayor ordered an inquiry. A gendarme was sent to make a report on the state of the body. He found the carbonised remains on the hearth. The head alone was not burned up. According to the gendarme the legs stood out from the rest of the body like a pair of black crutches, and the right arm, which was parched up and twisted, was forced back around the neck, just like the wing of a trussed fowl. The gendarme further observed that the different members of the family contradicted each other, and appeared ill at ease, but neither horrified nor grieved at the sufferings the poor old woman must have endured. Next morning the inquiry was renewed. The sons contradicted themselves, and on being hard pressed accused each other. They were arrested, and the evidence of the old woman's grandchild, an intelligent little girl of eight, justified tbe mayor in ordering them to be locked up at the mayoralty until an examining judga was fetched. The grandchild stated that as they were all at dinner in the evening her mother suddenly Baid—"We must get rid of the hag." The child's uncle Alexander, who bad arrived in the daytime from the place where he lived, some miles off, then rushed to tbe bed where tbe old woman was, and seizing her by the feet, dragged her towards a big fire which hi' brother' brother-in-law, and sister had piled up on the cottage hearth. The old woman cried and screamed, and then was able to cry no longer. Two little brothers confirmed what the girl said. They were all so frightened that they crept into the bottom of a press, and remained crouching there while the old woman was being burned. The children also told how, when she was on the floor, petroleum was poured on her clothes, and that sbe was then pushed over with a long bay rake to the fire. The traces of mineral oil on her night-cap bore out what the grandchildren said. Cupidity was the motive which urged on the four peasants to commit this crime. They wanted to get hold of about £40 which she had saved, aad not to be at the cost of feeding her. It appears also that the sons of the widow Lebon were afraid their sister would get hold of the sum if their mother died a natural death, and that as they both lived in a distant village of the Sologne, they agreed to prevent that by a murder, the idea of which the sister acceded to at once. The theory of the defence was that they burned the old woman because tbey thought her a witch. In the Sologne, witches, ghosts, and goblins are still believed in. The widow Lebon in youth had had red hair and squinted, so that she was counted unlucky and to have an evil eye. She had, when left a widow, to emigrate to Blois to avoid the contumely attached to her in her village as a sorceress, and was supposed to have caused cows to run dry and pigs to be attacked with measles. One of the sons admitted that he not only helped to carry his mother to the fire, but trampled on her chest to hold her well in it. Alexander, the most humane of tbe lot, but a weak-minded, superstitious fellow, said that he had come on the day of tbe crime to his sister's house to see his mother entirely from a sense of duty, because he heard that she was ill, and that when, as he was smoking a cigar in the garden of his brother-in-law, he was told how she was to be burned be became too sick and miserable to eat any dinner. The following dialogue was held between him and the presiding judge :— Judge : What took place when you sat down to table ? Answer : My sister shut the outer door, and said, " You just stay there. We must burn the old witch ; if you don't help we shall burn you." She and her husband, who held a knife in his hand, then roEe and pushed me towards the bed. (Here the accused wept bitterly.) The Judge: And you helped to carry your mother to the fire made ready for her? Answer.: I did not know, I was so frightened, what I was doing. Judge : Why did you not break the window and call out " Murder V' Answer : My brother-in-law held up a knife before me, and told me that he would settle me if I hung back. Judge : Am I to understand that your brotber- in-law did nothing except menace you 1 Answer : No, it was he who lighted the fire and made ready the wisp of straw which waB to act as a match. He also, when the old woman writhed and twisted, got a rake to hold her in the fire. He was carried away by hie excitement to do this. My sister cried out, " My poor husband, you are a lost man ! You should have let the others do the work, and not have act or part in it yourself." Judge : What did he say 1 " All right, don't be uneasy." 