THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a dream that was not all a dream." BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sea Queen," "The Wrack of the Grosvenor," "A Sailor's Sweetheart," &c.; . [Published by speolal arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXIII. -(continued). Here Hiram arrived on deck to " shoot the sun," and the conversation between Fortescue and Stone ceased. The clergy man walked forwards into the eyes of the schooner, as was at times his custom when emotion got the better of him, for there wa3 life here, a spirit of flashing and thrilling vitality, such as he found in no other part of the vessel, and that had often acted a3 a mental tonic when the solitude of the cabin or the sameness of the quarterdeck would have been with out influence. The men, of course, took no notice of him, if it were not for the wriggle of a hand to a forehead as he passed ; and, folding his arms, he leaned upon the rail betwixt the bowsprit and the cathead, and fell into deep thought to the accompaniment of the roaring and hissing and boiling of the divided waters, to whose frothing surface he would often be depressed by the leonine leap of the flying schooner into a trough till he could have grasped his hands full of the spark liner stramfi. ling spume. It was perfectly reasonable that he should be deeply agitated and affected by what Hiram had said, and by his few words afterwards with Stone. There had been a brief time during the voyage when he had wondered if Stone was sincere ; if the island he had said he was shipwrecked on were real or corresponded with the island Mr. Fortescue had beheld in his dream. Those donbts had been set at rest. Hiram had testified to Stone's honesty. Then he had been now long enough intimate with the old man to feel sure he was trustworthy up to the hilt. But it was to originate an altogether new misgiving, something widely remote from any former doubts, to suggest that Stone might be under a delusion. Captain Weeks had put the point cleverly enough when he represented that Bill, as he called him, might be perfectly sincere in his fancy that he knew and had been cast away on the island of Mr. Fortescue's dream, and act as if his delusion were heaven's truth. Was such a thing possible ? It might seem more so to a man of the temperament of the clergyman than to one of a less imaginative and nervous nature. He had himself read of, had heard instances of men whose sanity was unquestionable, whose principles were unimpeachable, being governed by a belief in something they had seen, or something that had be fallen them, which was as purely an illu sion as the mirage or the many ghosts which have been observed and run from since the days of the witch of Endor. If this should be the case with Stone, if it had so happened that one of the printed "slipa" the curate had caused to be circulated should have fallen into the hands of the one seaman living who imagined he had been shipwrecked on such an island as the sketch portrayed, how frightful would be the disappointment-how hopeless the outlook ! For, though he knew the island of his dream to exist, where should he seek it? and what would have been Agatha's fate by the time he had found it, if discoverable it were, upon the mighty surface where he believed it lay ? He asked himself could the plain, unlettered mind of Stone be possessed by imaginations so vivid and logical as the one he had submitted at Wyloe, when he told the story of the Chase of the Snow, her sinking, his and his mates' sufferings upon the island ? He turned to look at the square figure of the old felloe standing near the tiller, then resumed his former attitude, and went on thinking. He said to himself, "Captain Weeks believes that L am ceing urgea oy a aeiusion. 1 Know better ; yet-yet-it might prove so !" A fancy that startled Mm; it seemed impious, and he looked up to ths blue sky as if for forgiveness ; yet it was a con sistent thought, for he meant to reason to himself that just as his dream, real to him, seemed a delusion to Hiram, so might Stone's assertion of his shipwreck and the whereabouts of the island be absolutely real to the old sailor, and yet an inexpressible deception ! But such thoughts came too late. The significance of this was made frightfully apparent to him when he turned his eyes upon the horizon, and reflected how far-stretching it was and through what ocean the brave little schooner was now beating him. Too late ! By many days, by many weeks too late for him to dare to dream that there was aught of delusiveness in any detail of this voyage. So far as Stone's sincerity went, so far as Hiram'* capacity as a navigator, he must be patient. If they should come to a part of the Indian Ocean and Hiram should say, "Here 13 the place where the island should be," and no island should be visible, what then ? They might deem the old seaman's bear ings erroneous, and sail here and there for a week or a fortnight, and still not fit d the island, what then ? Why, such an issue could simply prove that Stone was under the delusion that Hiram had suggested, but not that the vision that had won the clergyman to this voy age was false. No ! The Verulam had been burnt. Agatha had escaped in one of the boats, the boat had reached an island after many days and had goae to pieces in the surf; Agatha had been borne ashore by a courageous, unselfish hand, and upon the island, with stream ing hair, with wild and burning eyes, with hollow ghastly face, with arms out stretched in agony of entreaty, she had appealed to him to come and save her ! It was all as true a3 that the sun was shining up there in the north with the mastheads of the speeding schooner reel ing to and from him- What then was to follow failure to the discovery of the island ? The poor fellow lifted his glisten ing eyes to God. His refuge was there : he was in His hands ; the wondrous in spiration that urged him would not fail him. If the island were not where William Stone declared it to be, what he could do but leave the piloting of his little ship to heaven, and go on searching till the island rose above the sea line ? These were hi3 thoughts, which he might have prolonged for another hour, so many and strange were the emotions, his imagination, his religious enthusiasm, his determined faith, tiactured by mys ticism, raised in him, but for Stone coming forward and saying, "The capt'n's de sired me to call your attention to that little vessel out yonder ahead." He turned to look at the old man first, and his face startled Stone, for it was full of what was in his mind an expression quite indescribable, comparable may be to what you see in one who dreams with in tense vividness a dream whose fabric is full of the alternations of radiance and gloom, sweeping into the heart hope and fear, delight and dread, and joy full of sanctity swiftly saddening into miegiving. It acted like a speech upon Stone, for he answered it quickly and with an emotionalism Mr. Fortescue had observed in him before, and which he would now fear as indicating qualities of mind easily productive of delusion. " As God's livin' it's true, sir. Don'c let what's been said worrit you. Thinkin' 11 only harm ye, and speakm to you as a man, Mc. Fortescue, as me and Hiram are men, we've all three got to wait a spell yet afore we can know who's right and who's wrong." The clergyman smiled with a singular gentleness and Bweetness. "Aye, Mr. Stone, it is as you say, we mu3t wait. I have patience and hope, and time can only whet Captain Weeks's curiosity, ao that he will be supported too. What did you say to me just now ?" "Why, sir, that there was a aail out there. D'ye see her? A bit of a boat that, Mr. Fortescue, for the swells and seas of such an ocean as this that goes all the way round the world right pisfc Orstralia back agin to th' Horn." It was the vessel that had provoked the cry of " Sail-ho !" and that had been taken by Hiram to be hull down when in reality she was but a few miles ahead. She was steering to the eastward as the schooner was, and she was a little cutter rigged craft of about fifteen tons, a mere toy on the water, and for that reason, perhaps, of an indescribable gracefulness as she rose to the height of a sea, then vanished behind its fold with her boom on the quarter, her milk-white canvas sweeping her onwards, as a sea-gall goes when it rounds to leeward and sails with the wind-an image indeed, which the stretch of cloths she showed would render perfectly appropriate, par ticularly the expansion of her squaresail and her lialf-topsail on the weather side, and on the other the hollows of the main sail and gafftopsail, white as snow in the sun ; for they looked wings Indeed, sur veyed from the deck of the Golden Hope, when you saw the black blot of the hull foreshortened into the mere squire of the stern running up the chasing volume of blue, where, like a poised bird, the cutter seemed to linger a second as if hesitating whether to fly skywards or leap into the valley opening under her stem. (To be continued). 