NEWS OF TIIE DAT. Tho mystery stirrouuding tho boring opera tions carried on by tho Mining d-ipartment on iho ground of tho Hepburn Kstate Leasehold Compauy has practically been solved, aud may bo put down to a mistake made, not only by the foreman iu charge of the drill, but by the company itself, and every one else engaged in the operations. The mistake was one into which the most experienced miner would have l'ulleu four years ago ; hut it is consoling to leura that at the present time, with increased knowledge and improvements in drilling operations, mis haps of tho kind may be altogether avoided. Tlie fault lay in mistaking pulverised sandstone fur drift, and a sample of some material below it for genuine woshdirt. In pulling down the No. 4 bore tho drill passed through 66 feet of fine sandy matter supposed to be drift, without a core sample being obtained. Tno conditions ' were sucli that with the appliances th.-n to hand no core could bo obtained, and consequently, when the barrel, after passing through what was sup posed to he drift, brought up some stuff having all the appearance of wusbdirt, it was generally regarded by everyone that the bore had been bottomed in wash. No doubt of the fact what ever was entertained, and the mistake was only disctosed when the company's drive revealed the absence of that material. If it had been possible at the time to have secured a sample of the supposed drift, it would have shown the bore to be in friable sandstone, and conse quently unlikely to bottom in wash. Tho board appointed to inquire into the matter ter minated its sittings on Saturday, and the result is that Harrison, the foreman, is relieved of even tho slightest suspicion' of dishonesty or impro priety iu the matter, and leaves without any stain" whatever upon his reputation. Nothing bus also transpired which in the board's opinion is calculated to shako pnblic confiilenco in the utility of the diamond drill. "With regard to tho ailcgcd error in the reports as to tho No. 4 bore, the board will consider tho evidence and roport to the Government. Negotiations between tho Government and tho Melbourne Benevolent Asylum committco for procuring another site whereon to erect a new asylum, still remain in an unsettled stato. The committee of the asylum many months ago applied to the Government for a grant of 150 acres at Cheltenham, stating that it was pro posed to remove the asylum from Hotham, and that Cheltenham was thought to be a more suitable and less populous locality. Mr. Dow recognises the desirability of removing the in stitution from Hotham,. but is not altogether favorable to the department being asked for another valuable site, when the committee have already obtained one from the Crown. A departmental report on the Cheltenham sito points out that in.a few years the same objec tions will be raised as in the case of the Hotham site — namely, that the neighborhood is too populous, Cheltenham being a rising suburb. Under the circumstances the Minister is not favorable to. complying with the wishes of the committee, but suggests that tlie new asylum should ho erected at 1'rankston, where the Crown are stillln possession of a large area of unalienated land. No local objections are raised to the asylum beiug established at Frankston. The Premier will doubtless he asked shortly to give a decision on the matter, The question of tho abolition of the South and Port Melbourne abattoirs has now occupied the attention of tho Minister of Lands and Central Board of Health for upwards of 12 months, without being any nearer a settlement than on the day the subject was first brought forward. For a long period the Central Board have endeavored to have the abuttoirs removed, for the reason that they are too near populous localities, and that the establishments are a nuisance to the public, and a source of danger to the health of the community. The revoca tion of the licences by the Lands department seems simple enough, but such a step involves serious consequences. For instance, it means the removal of the abattoirs to one of the out lying suburbs, which will, it is said by the local butchers, raise the price of meat Id. per lb. to the consumer. Further, great difficulty wonld be experienced in promptly supplying the orders received from vessels if the abattoirs were re moved to Oakleigh or some other distant suburb. Meauwhile, however, the evils complained of remain unchecked, aud nothiug is being done to close the abattoirs, because all sorts of diffi culties are raised abont the selection of a non- site. One solution of the .difficulty which seems to be the most feasible yet offered, has "been rnadeTiyRTe Melbourne City Council," to the effect that the Melbourne abattoirs should be enlarged to answer the requirements of the | whole metropolis. But the southern suburbs object, and so this miserable misunderstanding | drifts on from month to month, because neither the Government northeCentral Board of Health are determined to grapple with aud suppress an admitted nuisance. One of llio largest diamond drills owned by the Government will this week be removed from Ballarat to Mirboo for coal prospecting purposes. The drill is capable of boring to a depth of 2000 feet, and the operations to bo carried on in the coal basin between Boolarrn and Scarlett's selection, on which a fine scam has been discovered near tho surface, will lie watched with tho greatest interest. Recently a large syndicate was formed in Ballarat to prospect the Mirboo coal basin, bnt it appears that this proprietary does not propose to carry on any actual prospecting at present upon its own account, but to await tlie result of the boring with the Government drill. The Go vernment have only set aside £3000 for coal prospecting this year, and from this vote some prospecting operations at Capo Patterson will have to be defrayed, as well as the expenses of working the large drill at Mirboo. The cost of working tho drill is £90 for one shift, and £150 forthrco shifts, per month. As neither the recently formed syndicate nor any of the other coal companies formed in the Gippsland district have offered to bear part of the cost of working the drill, boring operations will he carried on by tho department upon a site selected hy Mr. Reginald Murray, Government Geologist. The Chief Inspector of Factories, Mr. Good- sfr, will, at the end of the present month, bo transferred from tho Chief Secretary's to the Customs department, to fill the position of act ing landing surveyor. Mr. Goodsir was for many years an officer in the Customs depart ment as warehonsekceper, and his promotion to the post of landing surveyor is made by tbc Public Service Board at tho desire of the per manent head of the department and on account of Mr. Goodsir's loug familiarity with this branch of tho department. The vacancy has been caused hy tbc retirement of Mr. M. F. Gordon on the' 30th June, who has been 34 years connected with the Customs service, and is now 65 years of age. Mr. A. Levey, chief clerk of tho Lands department, will re place Mr. Goodsir as Chief Inspector of Fac tories. Mr. E. Y. Browne, a clerk in tho Premier's office, who was recently censured by a special board nnd reduced n grade for insubordination, has applied to Mr. Gillies for permission to leave the service on a retiring allowance. It is proposed to transfer Mr. Browne from the Premier's office to tbo lunatic asylum to per form clerical work in that branch of the pnblic service. But Mr. Browne now wishes to leave the service, alleging that his health is had. According to the Civil Service Act no officer retiring from the service before he has attained the age of 60 years is entitled to compensa tion unless permission to retire is given by the Minister, aud such permission can only be granted if the officer produces medical certifi cates to the effect that bis health is per manently injured. Mr. Browne has been asked to furnish medical certificates, and his case will be dealt with at the meeting of the Executive Council to bo held on Tuesday next. According io» return prepared by tho officers of the Central Board of Health the total number of typhoid fever cases brought under tlie notice ot tlie board since the 1st Jauuary last is 836 ; of these 179 proved fatal. On Satnrday 25 new cases were reported to the hoard, including seven cases on board the steamship South Australia. Three fatal cases occurred, oue from Ross Creek and two from Burrumbeet. Fourteen cases wero admitted into the Alfred Hospitul during the past week from tho following localities : — Lillydale, 1, fatal ; Hawthorn, 1 ; St. Kilda. 2 : Melbourne. 2 ; South Melbourne, 2 ; Carlton, 1 : Rich mond, 3. one of which proved fatai : Moonec Valley, 1 : Fitzrov, 1 ; Spring Yale, 1 ; Tlur- runibeet, 1. Fifteen typhoid patients were discharged from the hospital during the week, aud 72 remaiu. Tlie Chief Commissioner of Police has di rected inquiries to he made and a report furnished to him respecting the alleged sale of poisonous biscuits in the city. On the 1st inst. two childreu, Violet nnd Lucy Wright, aged 7 and 2 years, wero taken to the Melbourne Hos. pital, being very sick through eating orna mental biscuits giveu them by a charwoman in their father's house. The children were almost black in the face, nearly paralysed, and were vomiting in an alarming manner when ndmitto.i to the hospital, where they were successfully treated by Dr. Molloy, who managed to restore them to health. The vomit was sent, with some of flic poisonous biscuits, to the Govern ment analyst for examination. His report was to the effect that, the colored matter on the bis cuits was arsenite of copper, a most dangerous and poisonous substance. He advised that im mediate action be taken. The biscuits the children had eaten were ornamented 'with a bright green device, evidently a mineral sub. stance, and the surface of the biscuits was studded with poisonous crystals of the same color. The president of the Board of Health brought itie matter a few days ago under the notice of the Commissioner of Police. The manufacturer of the injurious biscuits has re ceived notice to immediately stop the sale, and legal jiroccediugs will bo" taken should any further couiulaiut he made. It is tho intention of fhe Railway Commis sioners to leave town this evening for Biire- gurrn, nt route to inspect the country through which it is proposed to carry the Cape Otway line of railway. The commissioners will com mence their journey by road on Tuesday morn ing, and utter leaving Dean's Marsh will plunge into the heart of the wild forest lands. Tne terminal point of the line so far as it is at present surveyed is a place which has no name, aud where there is no settlement, some miles to the west of Apollo Bay The commis sioners hope to camp out at this spot the same evening. They will retrace their steps the following morning, and hope to get back to Melbourne on Wednesday night. The first section of the Cape Otway line will he 20 miles long, aud the principal object in constrnc- ing it is to open up a new source of timber supply. Tho Railway Commissioners inspected the proposed route of the Hue from Coburg to Somerton, on Friday. On arrival at the former place tliey were asked to look at the locality near the station, for the purpose of considering alternative suggestions as to the site of that building. The commissioners told the residents who were present tlmt it was their, intention to build a new station approximately near the present one, and that access to it would be afforded from Victoria and Bell streets. At Campbellfield a deputation met tlie party, aud urged the importance of having tho line made at an early date. One of tho arguments put forward "was that there was a large brick industry in the locality awaiting development, which could not "be advan tageously carried on until the railway was made. The commissioners replied that arrange ments would bo completed as soon as possible. Tho jourucy was then continued to Somerton, Most of the country is used for grazing pur poses, but it is suitable for the location of a distaut suburb. Tho Chief Inspector of Fisheries notifies to all fishermen that netting is illegal within a quarter of a mile each side of tho St. Ivilda pier and a half mile ahead of it. Prosecutions are taking place every week of offenders against the Act, who complain that they have no knowledge of this provision. Tho inspector is determined to carry out the law most stringently, hut dues not wish to leave reasonable grouu'ds for anyone to plead ignorance. Notices are posted ou St. Kilda pier drawiug attention to this matter, aud every other available means is being takcu to warn the piscatorial fraternity. It has been decided by the railway authori ties that the new line to Bairndale shall bo opened beyond Hevfield to Maffra on the 18th inst. By this means another eleven miles of railway will be made aTailablo for traffic. The trains which now run to Hevfield will go through to Maffra, stopping at" Tinamba, tho only intermediate station ; thus the morning train will reach Tinamba at 1.33 p.m. ami Maffra at 1.46 p.m., whilst, the night train stops nt Tinamba at 11.18, and at Maffra nt 11.31. Tho up trains leave Maffra at 6.7 a.m. and 3.49 p.m., and Tinamba at 6.20 a.m. and 4.2 p.m. Iu couuoction with the statement published in Saturday's Age showing the differeuccriu carriage rates charged on the Victorian aud South Australian railway lines, where it was shown that in the item of "wheat our neighbors, by instituting a special rate, are securing much of the transport business from townships in the north-western districts of Victoria, to the benefit of the port of Kingston, it may be mentioned that as the result o'f some consideration given to the subject hy the Railway Comniissiuners a new bve-law has been gazetted altering tho Victorian" rates. This says : — Tho following drawbacks in car riage will be allowed for wheat conveyed hv rail from tlie undermentioned stations, anil shipped at Geelong for places outside Victoria, viz. Gerang Gcrung, Is. 8d. per ton; Kiata, 1 s. 9d. per ton ; Salisbury, ls,8d. per ton ; Nliill, Is. 3d. per ton ; Tarranginnic,"ls'. 9d. ptr ton ; Diapnr, Is. 9d. potion : Miram Firam.Ts 8il.' per ton ; Kauiva, Is. "7d. par ton ; Lllfimur, 2s. 2d. per ton ; Leeor, Is. 8d. per ton Ser viceton, 2s. 2d. perfon; Coroinly. Is. 31 pci ton; Miuyip, Is. 10J. per ton ; Sheep HilR 2». per ton ; Werrnrknubcai, Is. 8d, per ton The now by-law will be a great advantage, hut tho townships from Kaniva to the border wiU still be able to send to Kingston somewli"t cheaper than to Geelong. Daring tic latter part of last week tho tnrfet_ ship Cerberus and tho gunboats of tho Victorian fleet wero on a cruise within the Bar, in the neighborhood of tho Heads- Tin flotilla started out ou 'Thursday under ord em of Captain Fullarton, tho acting naval comman dant. On the journey southwards- tha now sights were decided upon for the 10-inch gnns on tho Cerberus ami those were found to be perfectly correcl at 1500, 1800 and 1900 yards. Some firing practice took place, and the shooting was met accurate. When off Swan Island, a party of officers went ashore and inspected the new torpedo store and sheds, from whenco tliey pro ceeded to tho Qneenscliff batteries. Operations were commenced on Friday morning at 5 o'clock, when the torpedo boat Childcrs and the gunboat Alhert proceeded np the various channels, including the blind ones, and careful soundings were taken. Captain Fullarton satisfied himself of the topography .of tho various banks, nnd gave his officers information of what it might be necessary to do in the 'i-e of certain eventualities occurring, t-i"nib were exchanged both on Thursday and h'ridav nights with the garrisons at Point Nepean ami Sliortlands Bluff, and the captain reports that there is a perfect un crstauding between the military nnd naval officers in this respect. 'Tha return journey was commenced nt 6 o'clock ou Saturday inoruiug, aud the Cerberus anchored at her usual moorings at 11 o'clock. She travelled up at the rate ot from 8 to 10 knots an hour, aud left the Alhert, towing the Gordon torpedo boat, an hour behind. The race meeting held under the auspices ol tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club at C'nullield on Saturday afternoon was one of the most agreeable o! the season, nnd was attended with delightful weather. The attendance of visitcm was fully up to the nsunl average at this course. There were six events on the programme tor the afternoon, the opening one being n Selling Race, which was won by Maroney. with Th< Ghost second, nnd Sorcerer third. " Whuleboui was first, Goodwood second, nnd Huntsmai third in the Hurdle Ruce, and in the St. Kilds Cup, for which 13 horses started, Abuse proved the winner, Phaon being second and Koiiai third. Sweetmeat won the Steeplechase fromMarmion, Roulette nnd six others, aud Buz won i)v Inderal Stakes, Bedonin being second aud Escutcheon third. Finally, the afternoon t raciug closed by Vascosa "winning the Soulh Yarra Handicap from "William Tell, Straighl Shot and eight other runners. The match between the English' cricketers and 15 of the East Melbourne club was con tinued on Saturday, wiien the visitors occupied the wickets for the whole afternoon, scoring 270 runs for tho loss of eight wickets. Lohntanu, with 99 not out, was the highest scorer: Scot ion contributing 71. Barlow 24, Shrewsbury 20, Bates 18 not, out. and Guuu 17. Tho inatrU will he continued at noon to-day, ami brought to a tormiuation, the Englishmen beiug due iu Sandhurst to-morrow. The necessity for increased Slate school accommodation in North Richmond has been brought prominently under the notice of tha Education department, on several occasions, principally through lite agency of the local board of advice. Not long sinco fhe board went to considerable trouble in selecting a suitable site, and recommended that in view of the overcrowded state of the Central and Yam Park schools a new building should he erected iu Cliurch-strcc', hut the department has uut yet 6liowu any inclination to fall in with tho recommendation. In order to urge the matter still further, .Mr. Bosisto. M.P., has lavn re quested to interview the Minister of lnstruetiuii at .an early date. The hoard has affirmed the desirability of the residents joining in the pro posed excursion to the Sandhurst Exhibition, and in order to test the feeling on the part ol tho children's pnreuts the teachers of the various classes have been asked to hritig- up reports for the information of the hoard at ita next meeting. The price of tickets will ba Is. for children aud 7s. for adults, to ex tend over a period of seven days if re quired, The residents of Carlton and Firirov havt been making a mountain out of a mole Bill about the closing of the path in the Carlton Gardens from Queensherrv- street to Gertrude- street. As a matter of fact, it was uevor in. touded to close it, hut only to ta'to hall of it, leaving the other half open to the public as at present. This work, in any case, would not he attempted for some month's, and the object ot the proposed railing which is to divid- llieystii is only to secure a small promenade for vtsitorB to the Exhibition, not to shut ont the public altogether from the gardens at this point- At the next meeting of the commissioners it is not unlikely that proposals of a very liberal charac ter will be submitted for their consideration for utilising the building, and making it a popular and payablo institution. P.csent expenses of the maintenance of the building and the aquarium, including all salaries, stand tlie commissioners in about £90 a week. Among the propositions to he submitted is one for Satnrdav afternoon organ recitals at a charge of Gd. to tho building and aquarium, which would he a great conces sion on the present price of Is. to the aquarium only, and would, no doubt, take with thepiihiic immensely. Where there is sufficient room and a considerable attraction reduced prices alwavj draw well, and the experiment would he worth trying. The R.M.S. Yaletia arrived in the Bav shortly after 1 o'clock ou Saturday from London, und, as usual ou the arrival "of maii steamers at Williainstown, there was a largj crowd of persons on the pier awaitiu" their friends. The Valetta, on this oeciu sion, brings 214 passengers in all classes, amongst whom were Dr. nnd Mr Moloney'and the hoD. R. Boyle for Melbourne. The Valetta also brought 428 bags of mulls, which were lauded at Adelaide iu accordance with the new arrangements, aud reached Melbourne during Friday afternoon- 'The mails were distributed as follows i — Melbou- -ie, 121 bags; Sydney, 117 ; Queensland, 63; Tasraanian, 22 ; "squadron, 5. The New Zealand mail was brought round on tlie steamer, and will leave hy the Mannpouri on Tues. day. Tho third of tho large new steamships re cently built by the China Steam Navigation Compauy to trade between Chinese perls aud Australia arrived in the bay early on Saturday morning. The name of the vessel is the Taivuan, and, like the other two vessels, ihi Clmngsha ami the'Chingtu. which have already visited this port, she is a model of comfort, and is most elegantly fit. zd. The Taivuan was tolerably well patronised by passengers during the present trip, her steerage accommodation including 71 Chinese. 30 of whom are for this port and 37 for New Zealand. On the vessel's arrival she was promptly hoarded by Mr. T. D. Hammond, chief immigra tion officer, iu order to nscertain that the whole of flic Mongolians had the necessary naturalisation papers. The examination lasted for some considerable time, . and at the conclu sion it was found that only two Chinese had come unprovided either to "pay the poll tax at to produce naturalisation papers. They wen therefore locked up in tho vessel, and unless tin amonnt is paid they will lmvo to return t< China. Amongst tho passengers hy fhe steamship Taiyuan, which arrived in Melbourne oo Satnrday from Hong Kong, were Messrs. Hal- ford and Richards, who for the last nine months have been prospecting in the Kintber- Icy district. They state that during the last few months the population at Kimberley has been daily decreasing, and that where u't out time there were at least 1500 inhabitants then are now only 500 or GOO, the majority o! whom would give anything they possess t« get away from the place. At present, how. ever, large parties of men nre engaged m thoroughly prospecting the whole of the Kim berley, though up to the present time nothing of un extremely profitable character has been found. It has bceu clearly proved that no reefs of any magnitudo exist in Kim berley, and that whatever gold is to be found will he picked up almost on the surfaco or gullies. The only two reefs showing any sign of gold which havo been discovered, so far, aro the Lady Margaret, and one in Hall's Creek. Messrs. Halford and Richards point ont that several of the men who came buck from Kim berley, and reported that there was no gold, were never near the place, and consequently were unable to give n reliable opinion. Tliey", however, state that the color may be obtained almost anywhere iu Kimberley, although it re quires considerable searching to find it in any thing like payable quantities. l'iie following deferred tenders have been accepted hy tho Railway department : — Pur chase of cast iron scrapps, Thompson and Co., Castlemaine, 100 tons; nickmau and Co, Ballarat, 50 tons ; prices not given. Arrangements have been made with the rail way department to carry 1200 Stato school children of West Melbourne to Sandhurst, on the 24th inst.. in order to enable them to visit the Boitdigo Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, t The prothonotary lias issncd a notification ill connection with the Equity Court to tho 'effect! that all summonses adjudged into conrt will he listed on tiling the original summons with the prcithonntnry m the next month's printed list, unless by special order of the judge they are to be listed for n special day. The Full Court will sit at half-past 12 o'clock to-duy to deliver reserved judgments. On Thursday evening next (St. Patrick's night) Mr. (irnttan Riggs will open at the Alexandra Theatre in comedy and drama, for one night, in Dion Bonciennlt's drama, Arrali- nn-Poane, to lie followed bythe farcical corned v, O'Toolo's Castle. During the performance of The Tempest St the Theatre Rjyul, on Saturday evening, n accident happened to one of the ctresses which luckily did not provo to be attended with serious consequences. Miss JulinSimmons, as Ariel, hod just finished singing Where the Bee Sucks, reclining on the back of an imitation hat, snspeaded in mid air, and having been drawn to the wings, was just nliout to appear again in answer to an encore, when the bat was suddenly tilted by the loosen ing of n string, nnd she fell on the stage, a drop of 8 or 9 feet. The accident occurring at the entrnuce to the wings, was only seen by half the audience. As the lady lay motionless for some seconds before she was lifted np, it was feared that slio had been injured. After a brief interval, however. Mr. Cnthcart, the repre sentative of Prospcro. interpolated in the text the words " She is not hurt, "and the hearty ap plause which followed the announcement' bore testimony to the gratification of the nndiencc. Miss Simmons subsequently presented herself and bowed licr ncknowlegemonts. She was able to take her part as usual in the remaining scenes of the play. The sensational drama Harbor Lights was repeated at tho Princess' Theatre on Saturday, and attracted another numerous audience. j\'o change of programme is announced yet. At the Victoria Hall the Silk Stockings Company on Saturdny evening appeared in a new programme, which included an amusing sketch by Miss Tulloch nnd .Mr. P. M. Clark, entitled Bibbs and Dibbs. The attendance was large and the entertainment well re ceived. The last nights of The Tempest are an nounced at the Theatre Royal. On Saturday evening the piece was presented to a numerous audience, who applauded the beautiful scenery equally as much us the generally admirable act ing of Mr. (r. Rignold, Miss J nlia Simmonds and Miss Kato Bishop, The management of Her Majesty's Opera House appear to have quite hit the popular taste by the production of the burlesque The l'orty Thieves. On Saturday night the theatre was again crowded by a highly appreciative audiccce. The same piece is announced for repetition each evening this week. The Lawton variety troupe appeared on Saturday evening at St. George's Hall in some additional novelties and succeeded in eliciting much applause from a numerous audience, bliss Minnie Hope has joined tho company, and made her re-appearance on Saturday even ing in some character sketches. Messrs. C. T. Brock and Co. will give a dis play of fireworks on the Melboumo cricket ground this evening. The eruption of Mount Vesuvius will bo fired for tho last time ; several new devices will be introduced in the entertainment, as well as salvos of shells, rockets, &c.; Montgomerie's band has been secured for the occasion. Jim tho Penman has had a very successful run in Brisbane, and the local press speak in high terms of the company Mr. St. Maur has gathered together. The part of Mr. Chap- stone, Q.C., has been transformed into Miss Chapstoue, a female barrister, impersonated by Miss Ivy Lenoir, a lady new to the stage, who is described as of decidedly striking appear ance and promising ability. H. Dunn, tho champion Cumberland wrestler, will be tendered a benefit this evening at tha Alexandra Theatre. The pro gramme includes wrestling contests between Connor and M'Caffrey, Cannon and Cliristol, and an exhibition of various styles of wrestling by Thornton, Ford and M'Kenzic. H. Dunn will have a friendly straggle with his lato ad versary, Blackburn, after which there will bo a passage at arms between Professor Miller and Harry Dunn. Tho Schoolmistress, played at the Bijou Theatre by Miss Minnie Palmer and her com pany, is rcccivinga large measure of patronage. The theatre was crowded on Saturday evening, and merriment was the order of tho evening with the audience, who find tho fun and frolic carried on upon tho stago to bo so continuous that thoy are hot for an instant allowed to grow sorions. Tho Schoolmistress will ho played each" evening this week. The monthly meeting nnd concert of tho Musical Association of Victoria was held on Saturday evening in Glen's concert hall. The programme consisted of Goctz's trio in G minor, op. 1, for pianoforte, violin and violoucclto, played by Messrs. Hammond, Curtis and Reimers ; a solo on the violoncello from "Wagner's Meistorsingcr, and a romance for the violin by Wilhclmj, played respectively bv Messrs. Reimers and Cnrtis ; two pianoforte solos by Chopin, rendered by Miss Agnes Julian, and a vocal contribution "by Miss Chap man. Buxton's art gallery, at present filled with tho works of the Victorian Art Association, was, on Saturday evening, tho scene of a soiree, or smoko night, given by thnt bodv. Dr. Nield occupied tho chair, and tho body of tho room was as crowded with members and their friends as were the walls with pictures. A musical programme, interspersed with recita tions, was gone through ; Mr. Stockwell, a gentleman recently arrived from New Zealand, singing Blumeuthal's Message with great effect,' and Signor Paladini, Mr. E. IV. Koycc and other gentlemen contributing vocal numbers. Before tho meeting separated the chairman expressed the great pleasure it had afforded him to preside, and expressed a liopo that future gatherings of the sume nature might not only promote cordiality among tho members of the association, but tend to advance tho ctr.use of art. A special meeting will be held at tho Rriirccs's Theatre this afternoon nt 2 o'clock lor tins purpose of organising n matinee performance in aid of the futullv of the Inte IViiliain tlosklns. The People's Concert in tho Temperance Hall. Rusjcll- atreet. attracted a very largo attendance on Saturday evening, wh.n a variety entertainment was given nearly every item In which was contributed by members of tbe Tans: family. Tho Tltzrny school board of advice met on Saturday afternoon nnd arranged for an excursion to the Sand hurst Juvenile exhibition, to take place oil Wednesday 30th -March. Children's tickets. Including admission' 2s.: teachers, 6s.; adults, Ss. Available f. r seven days' Tickets can bo had from shopkeepers of Fit.-rnv ' The secretary of tho ItolLcnopathlc Hospital' reports the state of tho house for tho week Hiding 12th inst to bo as follows Sew cases, 36 ; admitted Into house' 10: remaining in house, 44; attendances, out patients' lj3: out patients remaining under treatment, 370. No death has occurred. The resident . surgeon of tho Lying-in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of W omen mid Children import the -state of the house for the week ending 10th Inst to Ve follows:— I'atlcnts hi hospital, 43; ndmittcd during tln» week, 10; discharged, 19; remaining in hospital, 4O; total number of out patients for the week 200; new eases, 25, 'ibe adjourned pencral meeting of the shareholders of the Melbourne Motzos and Co-operative Association Limited will be held at the London Tavern, ICHz.ibcth- atrect, on 1 ucsday evening, at 8. Attention is drawn to the advertisement wherein orders for Passover cakes and groceries nro rcquesstM to be sent In at oneo, so an to hnve no delay In lUesurplyfurthe ensuing Passover holidays. 