The Autumn Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club commenced on 26th Feb. under somewhat unfavorable circumstances, owing to the' heavy downpour of rain during the previous night, which;,h'ad: the effect of making' t lie course heavy, .' whilst th'e storrn^ winch came on before the liist ' race was run brought about a most uncomfort-.' able termination to an otherwise enjoyable day. . The .New Zealand champion Nelson ' opjened - the, proceedings by carrying' off the Essctidon Stakes, defeating ' Volcano and Diih lop easily. The favorite Hortenso won' .the AscotValo Stakes, with Sumatra second, and ' Bedouin third. ' Trident, liad no difficulty in ? cautoriug away ' from Ma'ddelina and. .Cheshdm in thd_Stv'Loger, after wiiicii tho chief, event of :. the !day,'^tlie-;Nowmarket Handicap, ..was ;de-: cided. ?? .??jA^splendid coufe3t*re'sulteel'in'L6chiol . being ? placed'jf.rjrst, iAbn.er;secondjVand.''La'ndo third ; but a' fraa jori ty Of 'thos'ft'present were of opinion that ;^b^er^\^;the'va|eiuahyinnerf his owner beingvcbpgr^felatodl'byhfrio'nds.as; the . horses passed ?« iHe sJfijst. .^Tfie^pjaces^in) the Hopeful Stakes^Were'filled'.b'y'Boz.'.Lord and Pakeha; ahd^dfter,a:.aelay.ofH'alf an^onr, owing to the .heavy rainfall, the day's fBcing concluded with the.:Blrunswick' Stakes, which fell to Yellow Jacket^llbwed^by Irnpulsej and The Leyite. Tho second day's gracing, resulted in the production of several ' exciting finishes. Tho attendance was ; about rfeqn'al to$ the average of -»'receht '^Austiidlian ':?- ;'- Gup ') *rdays, . and amongst the occupants of the vice regal box ' wero his Excellency Sir Henry Loch, Lord Carrington and Lord Sandhurst. The Corinthian Cup, which inaugurated the day's sport, was, won easily by tho favorite, Abuer, followed by Maroney and Sirocco. Abercorn won the Sires' Produce Stakes after.a head finish with Maxim, Bowmont being third. In the Hurdle Euce the places were rilled by Goodwood, Huntsman and Encore, The Agent, who started a strong favorite, slippiug three-quarters of a mile from home aud dislocating his shoulder. The Australian Cup, which was the chief event of , the day, was won by Mr. J. White's champion 3-year-old, Trident, who beat Nelson by a head, All Gold securing third place. In the Steeple chase, Lizette was followed home by Bauker and Game, and a magnificent contest for the Bourke Handicap resulted' in the victory of Mitrailleuse, with The Levite second, and Yellow Jacket third. A protest entered. against the winner was dismissed. The meeting was brought to a conclusion on Saturday, ? the 5th March. The racing was of a more interesting description than .that of the two preceding days of the meeting, nnel two events— rthe first and also the last on the pro gramme— each resulted in a dead heat. The Champion Stakes, in which the interest of the turf patrons of. Australasia should have neon centred, attracted but little attention, from the circumstance that only three horses were to con test it, the result being a foregone conclu sion. No accident, or even, incident of auy kind, occurred . in the race, and consequently Trident, the chestnut 3-yenr-old colt, belonging to Mr. James White, M. L. C. , of New South :-Vales, won, as was anticipated, without ,: any. . difficulty. Blnirgowrie gained second -, place, and . Volcano, another of Mr. White's ? horses, being. the only, other starter, necessarily finished in. third position. Trident ran as a 2ryenr-old at tho autumn meeting held at -Flemington 12 months ago, but it was not until the., spring meeting of the .Austra lian Jockey Club at Handwick last year that; 'he- : showed .the brilliant racing 'formV-he ? has exhibited almost every time ?s he -has started during; the present racing ?; season. He was fourth '.?ih.the last Melbourne Cup;' but won the Derby and. Canterbury Plate nt' the same ; meeting. -A't^tho one just con cluded he .won the treble— St. Leger, Australian .Cup and Champion, and he fairly deserves his 'title of champion; The Maiden ? Stakes on Saturday, resulted, in a dead heat between Bufferin and First Consul, Master Jack being third. In the run off Dufferin won. la the Nursery Handicap, Moorhouso won, with Matador second and Aberdeen third ; and in the Autumn Handicap. Lord' Wilton effected a brilliant win from Satyr, All Gold and five others. The All Aged Stakes was looked upon as a very . probable win for Hortense, who, at the 'Melbourne Cup meeting, defeated a veritable flyer in William. Tell in a similar race. On Saturdays however,-the filly only got a bad third to Nelson and Sumatra. The last race of the day, the Free Handicap, resulted in n dead heat between Kohai and Tho Levite, Monotti finishing third. The tio was not rim off, the owners agreeing to divide. , . - Tho race-meeting lield.under,tli2,auspiceR of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club at Caulfiold on Saturday, 12th March, was one of the'inost agreeable of the season, and was attended with delightful weather. The attendance of visitors was fully up to tho usual avcragoat this course. There were six events on the programme for the- afternoon, the opening one being a' Selling Race, which was won by-Mnroney, with Tim Ghost second,' nnd Sorcerer third.' Whalebone was first, Goodwood second, nnd Huntsman third in the Hurdle Itace, and in the St. Kihla Cup, for which 13 horses started, 'Abuse proved the winner, Phaon being second and Konai third, Sweetmeat won the Steeplechase from.Mariniou, Ito'ulette and six '''othorsj' and Boz^ Avon the Federal StakeR, Bedouin being second and Escutcheon third. Finally, the afternoon's racing closed by Vnscosa winning the South Yarra Handicap from William Tell, Straight. Shot and eight other runners. Thp'EIsternwick Park races on Mar. j 1 7 were well attended, and the racing 'was of an excel lent character, all the finishes being close, for even . an .' interval of a .dozen yards^ at the finish is a close thing in trottiug: races. ?? Lepo rello won tho Hurdle Race from- four others, being in frout from. the .start.' , -The -Shamrock Handicap went ; to Beckwith, in; 'Mr. -Leek's stable',. 'upsetting a strong favorite in 'Success. Tlio Time- Handicap Trot ' brought together a large field, and was won by:Mn iW'. E.' Power's Maude- III., -the- second and third being the only two with . anything like' a chance.' Mis fortune won tho St. Patrick's- Steeplechase, iu which'': there .' were- a .coupleWof ;/alls,;lbut no daiiVago of a .serious character Kef6lrtrio jockeys, Allen . andVM'Don'ald.-',- -;. Stafford:'gave backers' of 'the favorite a turnVby: appropriating ^he Selling Race', afid 'did the club a' good' turn as well, she beingbought': infor ^-110.. The:,Shnreholders' Cupl.wns ,-wdn by Xiaraj. with'^Menotti se cond and Kohai' third ; a fine race. Alto gether tho V.T.C., may be congratulated on tho result of their {programme. ..?'.- ?. The '; usual-;' St.:. Patrick's day race meeting took 'place ;,atrKynetpn;on Mar.- 17 ? and proved yerysuccessful. : .'The: weather was agreeable, and'/the attendance V of visitors from the sur rounding district; as well as from tho metro-' polis, . Sandhurst, and Day lesford, was satis factory. There were uo fewer than eight events on the .programme, the first being a hurdle race, which was won by Maori, First King being second.. JBoth are local horses. Pastoria, another local horse, won the Trial Stakes, Black Prince being second, nnd Rocket third. Bosmoud won the Kynotou Handicap, with Miss Jessie second, and Forlorn Hope third ; aud tho next event, which was a race for members of tho Mounted In fantry, B Company, was won by Gnarel, with Powder second, and Torpedo third. I .Miss Jessie sucfieedo.l in winning the Lauristnn I Handicap, from Bosmoud, lieal Jam and four I others. Whisporer, Berkeley and Nnvy Blue I were the placed horses iu the Selling lliiee, uiul I (he sale of tits wiuner resulted iu u profit of I £27 to Ihc club's funds. Pustjria scored his I soc:nd win fur tlio duy in the District Rape, and Buzzard won the Hack Race, which ' brought no afternoon's excellent sport to a conclusion. A very successful race meeting' was held at Craubourno on 19th March. The weather wns nil that could liavo been desired, and the attendance was large. Sweetmeat won the Hurdle Kace in a canter, but Beckwith. who was mndo favorite for the Gill Stakes failed .to ?secure a place, Orlando, Liddington and Gas burnor filling the positions. Achiuet wns made the favorite for the Oranbourno Handicap, but ln- suffered defeat at the hands of (insburner, who won hy a head,' with Itomanoff third.' ( 'laioinlon, (he favorite, easily appropriated the Selling Hurdle ltace, and , on being sub mitted to auction realised X31. ''Roulette, started for the Steeplechase with odds on hiin, but at (lie far side of the course ran off, leaving Stag to get home in advance of Fish and Marquis of AVaterford. lilalia, the favorite, won the Selling Hack Rao.s, which brought a very enjoyable day's sport to a conclusion. The English eleven scored a brilliaut victory over the Victorian team on 9th March, defeating them with njno wickets to spare. The match betweeu the English Eleven and Fifteen of the East MelbourneClub was concluded on 14th March and resulted iu a draw. . The Smokers and Nou-Smokers match wns concluded on the 21st March, and resulted ii\ a draw very much in favor of the Non-Smokers, who .'cored 803 in' their first inning.'. The Smokers were all out for 356. In their secoud innings, the Smokers had lost five-wickets for 135 runs when the stumps were drawn. 