Amusements. L1EDERTAFEL CONCERT. A concert in celebration of the twenty-ninth anniversary of the Adelaide Liedertafel was piven at the Albert Hall on Monday evening. The Liedertafel is a musical society that does much to promote the love of music, and it must have been very gratifyicg to the members to see their anniversary concert so largely patro nised as it was. The programme was calcu lated to meet with the approval of all true lovers of music, and those who arranged it acted wisely in not confining the members solely to compositions, which could only be appreciated by one section of the auditory. The concert was appropriately opened with the "Anniversary" chorus, by Mendelssohn. The Liedertafel rendered this with spirit, Mr. W. J. Kennedy singling the bass solo. Mr. H. E, Holder, who is possessed of a full round bari tone. gave Fesca'e "The last voyage" in a manner that left little to be desired. The quartette, "Spinn, spinn" (Jiiogst), was en trusted to Messrs. Marcus, Wendt, Holder, and Kauffmann, who interpreted it in a manner that greatly pleased the audience, the vocalists v arrowly escaping an encore. As s{ pianoforte solo Mr. W. R, Pybus played " Sonata path^ tique," by Beeihoven, in which he brought out all the beauties of the composition. The Liedertafel gave with excellent effect the chorus " Waldfrieder," and then came a number which excited much admiration, Mrs, G. S. Aldridge, who is gifted with a clear mezzo Eoprano, delighting her hewers by her rendition ofPinsuti's "The book of prayer." This song was rendered with 'CPIIO obligato by Signor F. GaTgaro, who is to be congratulated on hiB performance. Perhaps the gem of toe evening was the trio " Ecco delle riviere di Gen ova" (Mariana). The vocalists were Mrs, Johnson James (snprano), Signor F. Ziliani (tenor), and Mr, F. H. Otto (bass). This number was given with much expression, and j the tenor, who was in excellent voice, was with i Mrs. James heard to great advantage. In Abt's | "The"fountain wonderful" the solo wa3sung j by Mr. Hugo Fischer, and the music of the chorus was well brought out by the Liedertafel. | Following on this came the chorus," The belfry- / man's song," which was sung with considerable spirit and in good time. "William Tel1," a violin and pianoforte duet, was well given by Signer Squarise and Mr. W. R. Pybus, and ' met with the approbation which it deserved. Signor Ziliani and Mr. H. Fischer interpreted RosBini's grand duo, "I Marinari," with much feeling, the blending of the tenor and baritone being all that could be wished for by an exacting audience. Mrs. Johnson James now appeared as a soloist, giving a scena from the opera "Guarany" (Gomez), which her excellent vocalisation enabled her to correctly interpret. After a pianoforte eoIO, "Polonaise carac teristique," by Mr. L. Kauffmann the Lieder tafel delighted those present with the chorus "Spring," the baritone boIO being sung by Mr. F, H. Otto. The opera of "Lucia diLammer moor" was laid under contribution, the well known sextette, and one of the prettiest num bers in Donizetti's work, being admirably given by Mesdames Johnson Jame3, G. S. I Aldridge, Signor Ziliani. and Messrs. Marius, [ H. Fischer, and W, J, Kennedy. A serenade j chorus, by Wiltberger, sung by the Lieder l tafel, Mr. Marcus singing the tenor solo, I brought an excellent concert and a rich I musical treat to a close. j The Waxworks at the Town Hall Exchange i room still attract a share of public support, i The show will only be open for four more days, I and for these the time for admission has been : extended, as will be seen by announcement elsewhere. Another crowded house witnessed the even ing's entertainment provided at Garner's Theatre by Hudson's Surprise Party last even ing, when the proceedings passed off most successfully, encores being frequent. "Ariel" was shown in the ante room, and in compauy with the rest of the programme will be again presented this evening. On Monday evening the Semaphore Amateur Chrietys gave one of their popular concerts iu the local institute hall in aid of the Conva lescent Home, The first part of the proceed ings consisted of the usual burnt cork enter tainment, in which the songs were particularly effective and the choruses much appreciated. The second part of the programme, which in cluded musical selections by the orchestra, a ballad, a stump speech, and a character song, well sustained the reputaLion of the company, and the app^use was frequent. The enter tainment was brought to a close by the farce "Black Justice." The following took part: Messrs. F. J. Nixon, G. Bleechmore, W. Piiilcox, G. Hawke, G. E. Miers, E, C. Francis, J. Goodall, G. E. Caterer, and D. B. Kearns. Mr. J. C. Neill was very successful i as interlocutor, while a powerful orchestra did much to add to the effect of the singing. * The closing entertainment of the Glenelg Literary Association was held in the St. ! Peters lecture-hall on Monday evening. The . president (Mr. H. D. Gell) wa3 in the chair, i and in addressing the audience stated that thB ! session that was now closing had been one of ! the beBt they had had during the 13 years of the society's existence. The first part of the entertainment consisted of a concert by lady and gentlemen amateurs, and was opened with a spirited pianoforte overture, "Radiense" (Gottpchalk) by Mrs. Wylde and Miss Hitch cox. ThiB was followed by a baritone son*r, " My Queen" (Blumenthal), by Mr, W, F. G. Hillary, which met with a good reception. The next number was a song by Mrs. J, G. Jenkins, " Caller Herrin'," in which her Bweet soprano voice was heard to good advantage, her effort receiving a merited encore, in response to which she sang " Killarnsy." Mr. A. R, Mummethen contributed a violin solo, "Schumlied" (Schuman) in his best Btyle, and was loudly applauded. Later on the same gentleman played a pretty arrangement of "The harp that once through," &c;,, and re ceived an imperative encore, to which he re plied, Mr. J. G. Jenkins, M.P., was very amusing in a recitation entitled "The light i King-rod dispsDser," and Mr. W. G. ^Cooper sang " Sunshine and rain" (Blumenthal) with good effect, Mr. Hillary then gave Parker's beautiful song, " Close to the threshold," with excellent taste. Mrs. J. G. Jenkins on her tecond appearance sang " 'Twas within a mile ! o' Edinboro' town," and was encored, This closed the concert, after which four scenes from ''Hamlet" were played, Mr. .T. Tassie taking the i61e of Hamlet, Mr. W. Storrie, ! jun., Horatio, Mr, W, G. Cooper as Marcellus, 1 Mr. A. Powell as Bernardo, and Mr. R, C. Caetle, jun., th9 Ghost. The production, which was given with scenic effects, was very meri torious, and showed much careful study, the pait of Hamlet by Mr. Tassie being particu larly good. 