THE Hon. W. Robinfeon disposed of three of his tees by auction last Monday. The Hon. W. Pearson lace more displayed bis "true grit," by outstaying all I Wonents and securing Silver Prince (Anteros—Sylvia) I lor 1150 guineas. There's no doubt Silver Prince is a IjM handicap horse at his distance ; but, with the Hon. I July's run of bad luck, and bis not having more than I«o4 the best of it with the handicapper, it will take IMM kynogering to work out how he is going to get the wt of tbat deal. Mr. G. H. Read purchased Thunderbolt (by Musket—Locket) for 500 guineas.and Mr. Leslie Mcdonald secured what should prove (that's with a bit I« luck) a decided bargain in Disowned (Albany—No |Mm ) for 315 guineas. AT the same sale the Maribyrnong Plate winner, fstead (for whom 3000 guineas was refused some of E y eare and who put down the mighty l l i s prime, over six furlongs of ground, in lm. 'Melltothe bid of Mr. E. Phillips for 221 guineas. Bother light of other days—All Gold-also changed u, o ; or 00 guineas, along with five others belonging to «•[>. Martin. , Mv Colonial ! We Victorians should just feel |»out as proud as a dog with a wooden tail to think we Fw" T"" a 'lowed to be alive during the past decade. Listen. Did you read your Age of the 2nd Anh frr J ' didn,t yousee that He had been there? And («!*;• ' O&ce; upon a time we had to put up with a ptlon of tbe Z , Melbourne Cup written by such comas D w - M - Ahhurst, J. B. Thompson, W. P. tDd^v-' L ®vey, "Peeping Tom," "Orange Blossom," "Tmit n Brod ' s Ghost" (who afterwards developed into Heir» ela But ")- although these were all very well in y wer Him e very small beer indeed alongside of yV Certainly they had one slight advantage-they tret* A P ractical knowledge of that whereof they Fi e]^' an d could never dream of designating a Punter a tie " er ' ^ut then such a thing as that is only one of be "r®f. ntl 'icities of genius; just the same as a man may Bet in m ually rubbing up against people he recently md n " n a del " 1 Fuego, or the island of Juan Fernandez, Wwni Ve y any 'i possible chance introduces us to a ftith • But onl y look bow true He is to nature. ii (]lt . e . ll "™ ui tale (almost good enough to be a Fairy) tk t Q Perfect Gentleman, the best groomed man on (tber e ' s Horse for you!—Who but He again ? except the reporter who had made a similar Be tu describing the C&ulfield; Cup), with the ~»nf Mous tache (more originality!), and the suit of oitC'^^thke unto those that C. E. Jones once built i E t r ii.„ 0 .? f °r Dicker Hamilton, and who only wanted tofcnnh? T® Wicked Bookmakers for a modest ten thou "lirniii i , m to (shrouded in mystery) the"Poem of a ie C a ' belonging to one of the Very Worst Families in NwifloJ w , ho clutched her sunshade as if she were iito Tw whether to go for the Tawny 'Un, or stick it "-an'. , :y Saunders' gizzard for smothering Al- 8 chance. That's the sort of thing we have parching for these years past. And then that valu- ,„; P leoe of information that the fifty thousand ottt 1 on , the Plat are all Poor. That Shatters popular error. Some pessimists boldly aver that you will find as handsome and as well (not as sbowily) dressed women on the Flat as you will on the Lawn, and that they have seen some individuals (lineal descendant of Shadrach, Mesbech and Abednego amcngst others) there who could jingle sovereigns when nine-tenths of'the Very Firsts on the Grand Stand couldn't jingle a bob. But they must be wrong, because He says so. Their very names betrayeth them. On the Lawn, Mr. Llewellyn, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Horace and Mr. Julian carry with them the Hall Mark of Wealth ; but on the Flat what but Abject Poverty could you expect from the bearers of such names as Mr. llobert, Mr. William, Mr. James or Mr. Thomas ? You cannot talk cricket much to "Censor," of the Sydney Sporting Life. Wild horses shall not drag out of me his name,except by parable—that's if Icon wey it to you at all. Well, this is how he criticises the fact of Frank Walters being left out of the contest, England versus M.C.C. English Eleven:—" No cricketer in Victoria has suffered so much from the capriciousness of the selectors of teams,- aud been the victim of so mucb injustice, as Walters' Eight you are, Johnny, old pard. Frank's inningsesin the Intercolonial in Melbourne, last December, should not have passed into oblivion quite so soon as they appear to have done. BUT another liunny thing was making Jack Worrall second emergency man. If another Australian team goes to England next year, that team will not be complete without Worrall. Them's my sentiments ; and as the defection of Midwinter, and the inability of Sam Morris to play, has enabled Johnny to take part in the present tussle I confidently predict that his all-round performances will fully bear out the statement I have advanced. I don't know how the wires are going to be pulled, but for the honour of Victoria—both on and off the field—I hope the Maryborough native will be included in the list. OUR Spring Carnival is all over now, and the next thing that will occupy our attention to anything like the same extent will be the momentous question— " What's to win the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup ?" Taking the meeting just pa6t right through it was disastrous to punters; but still there were occasions in which good judgment would have enabled them to kinder equalise matters. Young Gorry was the hero of the meeting, and bad anyone 6tuck to his mounts persistently he must have come out of the tussle a bit the best of it. Tom Hales' star was not in the ascendant, albeit on Saturday he managed to place a couple of wins to his credit. The Hon. James White does not receive a cheque of such huge proportions as bas been his wont after a V.R.C. Spring Meeting; but although it is always gratifying to find the pillars of the Turf rewarded for their pluck and judgment it's just as well that all the good things should not be monopolised by them. Our New Zealand visitors have not been in luck'B way, the Hon. W. Bobinson being specially unfortunate. Whatever may have caused him to decide upou Silver Prince not having the services of that perfect horseman, Mick O'Brien, in the Melbourne Cup, and that, too, after the jockey had reduced himself to7st. 31b., be can hardly be satisfied at the way in which the son of Anteros and Sylvia was bustled along in front of the field for a mile and threequarters. Not that I believe he could have beaten Dunlop, no matter how he had been ridden. J. Nicholson had the latter trained for 4 o'clock on the 1st November —neither twelve hours sooner nor twelve hours later, and Tommy Saunders had that winning post in bi6 eye each and every furlong of the journey. But still Silver Prince should have finished nearer than tenth. Mr. Mitchelson picked up one small crumb of comfort in the Maiden Plate with Whakawai; but Tranter was unfortunate in the Derby, and still more unfortunate in the Cup, during the race for which he was galloped on so severely as to necessitate his being scratched for all engagements. The performances of Mr. Drake's horses have, rightly or wrongly, been glanced at somewhat askance. That's as regards the multitude, and tbe multitude at Flemington are pretty shrewd in their judgment at times. According to Monday's Argus, the stewards didn't look very askance at Spade Guinea after the V.B.C. Handicap, for- we are informed of the first favourite that "Spade Guinea's running was disappointing- in more than one respect, and the stewards bad a long look at the mare when she returned to the weighing yard." That evidently meant business; but as nothing resulted from their scrutiny,they evidently came to the decision that only a few more strands of rope were necessary for the asphyxiating process to be consummated. We all know that it took Lurline and Calumnymares, to.tbe full as good as Spade Guinea—soixie considerable time to get properly acclimatised in Australia, and, therefore, we must not judge Mr. Drake's actions too harshly; but, nevertheless, the Argus deserves every credit for directing public attention to the fact that Spade Guinea's performances in this colony are in marked contrast to some of her New Zealand records. Amongst her island victories last year were the New Zealand Cup, two miles, and the Dunedin Cup, two miles , and a distance, both showing that the mare has no lack of staying power. Over the same distance as the V.K.C. Handicap she won with only 31b. less than lOst. on her back, and ran the course in 3min. I7sec., while in another event, carrying 9st. Xllb., she covered the mile and threequarters in 3min. lljsec. These are performances entirely out of keeping with Saturday's running, even admitting the course to have been a heavy one. AH ! there's no two ways about it, the " Heathen Chinee" does not hold a monopoly of all the guile in the world. There are those connected with the Turf who could without much of a struggle hold their own with him. A nice little bit of fakeydoodle has just been exposed in London. One of the clerks in the chief telegraphic office was wont to receive tbe names of tbe starters n certain races, his duty being to transmit them to the Exchange Telegraph Company, which distributes them to clients. These were supposed to be delivered before the race was run ; but tbe telegraph clerk was of an inventive turn of mind, aud be struck out the novel path of holding them back until he received the result of the race, which Lie would withhold until be despatched the starters. The " straight griffin " for his pals was tbe third horse on tbe list—tbat was the winner; but, of course, as no other information was available it was onlv those in the 6wim were aware of tbe fact, and they didn't fail to make use of it. However, the. jig is up now, and by the next mail we shall, doubtless, receive news of tbe term for which the inventive young gentleman beforementioned will retire from the madding crowd. IT'S getting on for twenty years now since a similar " Koo" was broupht off with respect to the A.J.C. Metropolitan Stakes (1869). It was th9 custom then to wager right up to the time the race was advertised to start; and some nousey blokes, tumbling to the fact that Sydnev time was some 23 minutes ahead of Melbourne, made preparations to have tbe result despatched from Bandwick and forwarded to the Telegraph-office in William-street with all available speed. And the thing came off as r.ight as rain. Ten minutes before the race was (ostensibly) run tbey had the winner, and as he was a bit of an outsider (100 to 5) a. nice little stake was secured about him before the official result was notified. I remember there was an awful hubbub about tbe affair at the time, but the backers of Circassian got their money, as nothing tangible could be produced in evidence against them. However, since that time the fielders are a bit chary when it gets within balf-an-hour of Kandwick starting time; for we all know that to be once bit is to be twice shy. WHAT'S that Iago remarked to Desdemona— " For I am nothing if not criclcetal." But was it cricketal ? If it wasn't, it was something very like it. Now I don't know whether the great English amateur (Mr. W. W. Read), of the M.C.C. eleven, is anything better than a cricketer; but by Jimmy Mirams' umbrella (andthat's no small oath), he must be some punkins at tbat game when he receives no less a sum than £800 to compensate him for leaving his business to join Mr. Vernon's combination. The Great Panjandrum, W. G. Grace, was certainly offered £2000 to undertake the trip, besides some little etceteras in the way of accommodation for his lady; but then W. G's. name bas been a household word in cricke't circles for a quarter of a century, and be is still facile pnnceps at the game. It's the same in cricket as in everything else, if you want a superior article you must pay for it. THUS " Felix" in last Saturday's A uatralasian :— "I am further informed by J. Lillywhite that his men wish particularly to meet the M.C.C. English team in Melbourne and Sydney. It is not at all likely that any combination of the Euglish teams will take place until after the 2nd February, when Lillywhite's team will meet a combined Australian team in Sydney. If the M.C.C. English team decline to pla.y a match or two against Lillywhite's team, it is probable that no combination of the two teams will take place." AND thus the sporting editor of the Avutralasian anent tbat closing paragraph:—" This will show a very contemptible spirit on the part of Lillywhite aud Co." Gently over the stones, Lilly, old man, or you may feel the velvet scabbard holds a sword of steel. WHAT does all this luffing and lurching and backing and filling with regard to the Beach-Hanlan contest mean ? One day tbe Canadian has a carbuncle on his wrist the size of the late Judge Barry's " nail-can ;" the next day the doctors order him to cease rowing for a fortnight; tbe day afterwards be has a spin over tbe course ; and twenty-four hours afterwards " the boil has quite healed, and his hands are perfectly well." Then Hanlan is credited with wanting to have the match postponed, or the venue changed from the Nepean to the Parramatta Biver. And to tbi6, we are next told, Billy Beach is agreeable, and Joe Thompson isn't. And the next thing we observe is the following letter in the Sydney Press:—" Sir, Kindly allow me space in your widely-circulated journal to contradict the many erroneous statements that are being circulated in reference to my asking for a postponement of the race between Beach aud myself, and altering tbe course from the Nepean to the Parramatta. I assure you tbat I never gave any authority to ask for any such concession, therefore am at a loss to know where all this idle talk originated, and wish you to publicly give these assertions my most emphatic denial, aud am of opinion that Mr. Thompson acted rather prematurely by circulating the above statements without first consulting me over the matter; for had I wanted an extension of time I should not have gone to Mr. Thompson but to Beach himself, who is the only one I recognise in this matter. But I am pleased to say that I shall not require any favour in that direction if my hands improve as they are doing, and I hope by the day to give a good account of myself against Beach for the championship of the world, and that we are both fit and well, and the best man win.—Yours, etc., EDWAJID HANLAN. Mortlake, 24tb November, 1887." What's the game? Is the match to be a bona-fide fair-andsquare transaction, or is the agony to be piled up only to exemplify the different ways of proving that" now you see it and now you don't ?" OLYMPUS. 