No. &£» . --?- « THE TRIPLE GHOST. By Alexander Montgomery. "What d'ye think, though, of a triple ghost ?" It was Jsck Martin who put the question, sb bo leant over tho fence of the home paddook at Karamilla station, ona blading Sunday forenoon in December. Jack-hia local capacity of stockman to the oontrary notwithstanding-was a gentleman; there could be no doubt of that. Good educa tion-good manners-good heart-but not that important something whioh ia eo tersely yclept "ballast," and for lack of whioh-to carry the figure further-tha argosy of Jach'B existence had Buffered greivous and repeated damage, if not actual shipwreck, But, by a natural compensation, it is not seldom given to theso flighty souls to take the world more oaeily than their fellows, and thus it was that Mr. John Martin, " yarning" there, that morning, with an old bluo shirt on hia back and an archaio " oibbage-tree " over his good-natured countenance, was as cheerful as if he had not been the eon of an aristocratic Lincolnshire rector, and brother to half-a-dozen high-bred young women in far-away England. If Jaok was cheerful, however, his story was not, and the smile of inoredulity upon the faces of his listeners soon gave way to that look of breathless fixity which tells of the power of the born vaoontcur, All this was Jaok, and, as I was myself one of the listeners aforesaid, I oan testify that the story made a deep impression on mo at tho time. It may not likewise affect you, but at anyrate hero it io, "Itwaasix years ago," said Martin, and just after I'd bad that cropper over the wire fence at Oarmiohael'fl on the^Goulburn. As 1'vo told you before, I wob pretty well smashed up 00 that poo&oioD;, and as soon as I could be moved I was sent down to the hospital in Sydney. Hero I pulled round at a rate that astonished the doctors-who, between our selves, don't know everything yet, and so in less than a month 1 was able to get about again pretty well. Then I bethought me of a fellow who had come into a bit of money while he was working with me on Oarmi ohael'fl station. Either a Swede or a Nor. wegian he was-with Halk Bjorren for hia name. A cjooidedly queer fhli he was, too, but not a bad sort in the main, and bo, as he and I had been pretty friendly, I thought I'd look him up and pay him a visit. I knew his plaoo was on the coast, and I thought a spoil in tho sea-air would be just tho thing for me. " Well, to out matters short, another week found me about a hundred miles up to tho northward, at a place oalled-I think Whandamo. That's 0omething.liko it, any how ; and it don't matter rnuoh, for it was a miserable dog-hole enough - stuck izi the middle of a scrub-covered flat, bordered on one side by low sandhills. Beyond these sandhills was the sea, and, about a mile o£f along the coast, Mr. Halk Bjorren was domi ciled in a hut that looked as if it had been built from the timbers of a wreck. As in deed, perhaps it had, for there had been a good few ships driven ashore thereabouts, from time to time, and the Whandamo peoplo had some curious tales about tho ghosts of the drowned, and so forth. At these, of oourse, I laughed-but not for long! " I'm not nervous, and I'm not superati-' tious, but before a week went over my head I got the biggest fright that over befell me in my life. "Well, I fossicked Bjorren out, and though he omitted the trifliag formality of saying that I was welcome, he made me feci it, whioh was better. Indeed, ho was a man who nover said much at any time-a strange, tall, lanky, long-nosed, wide-eyed creature, who always suggested to me a sort of Soan dinavian version of Lytton's Biocaboeca, and who was not without a fair share of Ricoa boaca's learning either. I know he was well read in the olassies, loi one thing. Indeed if it had not been for his boolt», I don't know what he'd have done with himself. He didn't seem to employ himself in anything but mooning about the shore, and, as he didn't volunteer any information on the point, I didn't ask him any questions. "A dreary shore it was; nothing but sand and eorub as far as the eye could reach. Put mo a good deal in mind of old Lincolnshire; but, as you may guess, I didn't like it any the worse for that, and so for a couple of days I wandered about, thinking of old times, and trying to fanoy that if I topped the sand hills 1 should see the spire of Lincoln Cathe dral looming far aoross the fens. " Well, I think it was the fourth night I'd been at tho plaoe, there was a full moon. I was wandering about with Bjorren's gun on my arm when I saw her rising out of the sea, like -but that's what everybody Rushes about, so I'll just let it alone. I will say, though, that when she was fairly up it was easy to see that she was no Lincolnshire moon, or wasn't shining through Lincoln shire air at anyrate. I was always fond of speculating about th9 moon, and as I strolled Blowly along, I was gazing steadily at her big red orb, when there suddenly rang out behind me & shriek so blood-curdling that I started violently and dropped the gun into a pool of sea-water. Nor. did I think ot pioking it up, for when I turned round, I Baw a sight that drove everything else clean out of my head. Within about three hundred yards of me, and running in my direotion, was a woman. A small, slight framed woman, she soemed, with long, dark clothes and naked feet, I could see them twinkle white along the sand as she ran, No I-she was a tall woman, with a white drcsp, and what seemed to be a knife in her hand. No I I said to myself a second time wondering with a swift flash of the mind if my senses were leaving me-as I now saw no woman at all, but a man, within a hundred yards of me and still running on. A tall roughly.dressed man, with what appeared to be a tomahawk in his left hand--I saw his face distinctly-white as death and fringed with a ragged beard that blew over his shoulder as no oame. " Holpleaoly I gazed at him, until when he was, pr seemed to be, about fifty yards from me, he quiokly shifted the tomannwk from j his left hand to his right. t That broke the spell t There was something so natural and 1 human in the action that my wits camo back to mo in a moment, and down I stooped for the gun. I couldn't shoot with it now, I knew, but I could UBO it as a club. Well, boys, I didn't have to use it at all. When I stood up with it grasped by the muzzle'in both hands- the man was gone I"-and Jaok, with true dramatio art, oame here to a dead pause and began slowly to out up tobacco. "Gone?" I asked. "Run away again, do you mean?" " No, sir I Gone I-disappeared I-van ished I" "Come, oome, Jackl" I said, laughing, " That's the stereotyped sort of thing, you know 1 You should have finished thinga off with more originality!" " Don't it strike you," said Jaok, gravely, that it's just beoause I'm telling the truth that l haven't finished ofi, as you say, in a less stereotyped manner? Were I stuffing you, M we nay hereabouts, nothing would awe betn easier than to givo matters a more original turn." ^ '. Perhaps you had soma1 hard stuff . with you, and eaw double? ' aaid Billy Anderson, ! the red-nb'&od; little cook, who wah a thiraty eoul, and epoke aooordiny to his lights, " 8*w treble, you mean I" put in the store man, who wan the wit of the station '. though thaVd hut a bam insinuation." Martin Bhook hia head, "Noboy@,"bQ aaid. " Strange to say, I hadn't at that time taatedany I'quorfor over four months, If I wasn't downright out of my mind for about thirty seconds-for it all passed in that timo -I Baw exactly what 1 tell you, andexaotly a$ I te'l yoj.' " Waa there nothing thnt oould have con cealed the figure ?M I naked, " Nothing. Fiat aa the pilm of yourlmad for half a milo on evsry side of mo. But hear me out 1" and, having lighted hia p'pe, Jack hifcohud hirnsolf further upon tho fence andwenton " I oannot desoriba to you how I felt, It seomed to mo as if the whole sceno around me had suddenly turned unreal and ghastly. The very moon seemed to have ohanged into some awful thing-aotne fearful personality, if you understand rao-that kept glaring downwards on rao as I made tho beat of ray way baok. to the hut, "II;re I saw something that'wasn't at all oalculated to steady my nerves. Bjorrenwaa asleep, and apparently dreaming-some awful dream, by tho look of him. His hair-very long and shaggy it was-was tcssod all about the pillow, and hia face was streaming with perspiration. Ho kicked about,, too, and struggled, and at last ho o?ied out something that made me stait once more. ' Tho axe 1' he said-'the tomahawk 1 My God I she's down 1' I went over and ehook him till he woke, ' What's the matter, old man ?' I said. 1 Have you been dreaming ?' He eat up, ehud d'-ring and wiping the damp from bis face. ' Breaming 1' ho said. 'Yea, thank God it was only a dream 1' Then, when ho had come round a bit, ho told mo his dream ; and--you may believe me or not, lada, said Jack, slowly and deliberately-" but this is what he told rac," "He thought first, he said, that ho saw iat back into tho early times of the colony, and that threo persons, a. man and two women, occupied the very hut we wero in. It seemed to be known to him at the seme time that these were tho sole survivors of a sliipwreek, and that tho man had built tho hut out of wreokage, The man, too, he seemed to know, bad formed an attachment to the younger of tho two women, and thus aroused tho acadly jealousy of the other, who was his wife. Ana now, as the dreamer saw them, a quarrd aroso. A quarrel which grow more and mora eavago, until tho injured wife snatched up a knife and attacked her rival, who rushed screaming out of the hut. Across the moonlit sands oho fled-after he^ the maddened avenger with a knife, and after her in tarn tho faithless husband with a tomahawk." " lUpidly tho second gained upon tho first, and tho third upon both, until tho hunted woman was overtakon, and throw herself down upon her knees, porearaing wildly for meroy. She did not recoive it 1 Tho fury with the knife flung herself upon her rival, and, holding her down by main strength-out her throat 1 It was the work of a moment, but, before the murderess could rise to hot foot again, the husband arrived upon the spot, and, shifting the tomahawk from hia left hand to his right, hp drove it fiercely into his wife's ekull. Down she went boside bee victim, and lay there as motionless-and as dead-as a log. The man, too, remained as motionless, after ho had struck the blow, as if he had bsen turned into stone. For a few moments, that is; then ho flung the toma hawk far away across the sand, and, turning round, made for, the hut like a madman. Arrived there, he lost not a moment, but, frantio with horror and remorse, alimbed upon the roof, made a line fast to tho rude ohimnoy, and hung himself I " Suoh was Bjorren's dream," went on Jaofe, aftor a pause, " and I leave you to gueEs what effect it bad tspon me, ooming after what I'd seen. And what was more, lads, when morn ing came wo examined the outside of the chimney, and found, sure enough, a pieco ot rotten old quarter-inch made fast around it. It might have been the remains of the line ' the murderer hanged himself with, or it might not. You can form your own opinion ; all I know is that I ve described the matter exactly as it ooourred, and that I cleared out of the aocurfled place that very day. As for Bjorren, concluded Jack, getting down off tho fence to depart, " he may bo there yot, for all I know. Ho was just the sort of chap to suit suoh ghostly work, but one suoh fright in a life time's enough for this individual. Why, to , this day, I oan't bear the eight of tho full moon." This was true enough. We had all notioed and laughed at tho peculiarity in question, though whether it had its origin in the manner described is a point which I have never whatever you, reador, may do-been able to settle to my own satisfaction. A subsequent ooourrenee, however, induced mo to think it possible that the whole story way the morbid emanation o! a brain trembling- though wo knew it not-on the verge of insanity. Not is this supposition invalidated by the art with which tho tale wan fold, since it ia a matter of common exporienoc that lunatios will sometimes exhibit, in some particular mental direotion, a skill and address almost beyond the capabilities of the sane. £ $ # * * '.¥ # ? # In tho month of February '75, or about fourteen months after hearing the story I have here reproduced, I was on my way to the Wannamiila country, in Queensland, and had got as far as Jelligap, on the Maodonald River, Just before dark, I was smoking my pipe at the door of the little hotel, when two troopers galloped into the township and. pulled up for a drink, Their horses showed the marks of a hard ride, and there waa soon a little crowd round the hotel door, to know what was tho matter. The general opinion inclined to bushranger?, and it was with some* thing like disgust that the Jclligapians learned it was only a lunatic the troopers were after, A man on Colonel Masterman's Yaruna station had, it appeared, suddenly gone out of his mind, and, after firing twioe at the overseer, had mounted his horse and taken to the bush. " We're bound to have him before morning, though,", said one of the constables, " He was seen taking tho track toDonnelly'oFork and that's as good as a ratttrap to him." And so it proved. Aboufi eight next morn, ing the troopers rode into tho township fcgain with the lunatic-still on his own horse, but bound and handcuffed-between them. Some thing'in the poor oreature'flfaoe etruok me as being familiar. I went closer. Good God 1 -it waa Jack Mattin 1 "Jftokl" I oried. "Jack Martia-yon know me, don't you, old fellow ?" lie "laughed cheerfully, "Oh, yes," he Baid, "I know you quite well, You're the Angel Gabriel, What have you done with your wings, though ? Excuso my not raising my hat, but you see"-with a glance at hia bonds-" there aro serious meohanioal diffi culties in the way I" " Where are you taking him ?" I asked the troopers. " Magistrate and dootora, first, Bir-then I suppose, to Brisbane Asylum?" And to Brisbane Asylum poor Jack went J but ho didn't stay there long. Three weeks afterwards I was in Brisbane, and oalled to see him. .. Martin ?" said the olerk, turning over the leaves of the book. " Martin, John. Ah, here it is I Admitted, 28 February; died, 27t.b. Four days afterwards, you see." I did seo; and saw, too, that it was bettei 00, 