WOLLONGONG TU11F CLUB. Autumn Mkktino. Tho autumn mooting of tho Wollongoug Turf Club camo off on Queen's Birthday. Tlio wont her wns all that could bo desired for out-door sports, yet notwithstanding this fact tho atlondnnco was rather meagre, numbering not moro than £500. Included amongst this number, howovor, was a gontl sprinkling of tho fair sex. Owing to tho ro cont rains, thu course was in anything but good lrclor, (no onclc especially ooiug very Heavy, nhilst that portion of tho ground whoro congre gates tho limit bulk of tho pooplo was vory slupny. Tho Harmony Band pleasantly filled up tho timo butwuoit tlio races by discoursing excellent music on tho ).nwn in front of tho grand-stand. Tnkou altogotlior tho running in tho difforant ovouts was vory good, and highly creditiiblo to tho judgment of tho handicuppers, whilst tho scratch ings woro vory fow. As a rulo the favorites woro CMinplete-ly out of it. Tho Trial Stakes wns re «ard«d by many as a moral certainty for Unnamed, but ho ivns nover diingorons after thu lirst. fow furlongs had boon trnvcllod. Speculation had tho fail in tho Municipal Handicap, but ho had to play second (iddlo to Tambour Major, who was hardly considorod in it, but who won very cainfortiibly. Speculation and Loichhardi were tho most fancied for the Flying Handicap, but Binporor upsot all calculations, tho favoritos getting into second and third places. Tho ox perimico of Tuesday givos yot auotluir illustration of what a farco thu hack raco has bocomo. Timo after timo this event is appropriated, by an animal that hns figured for a whilo us a racohoi'SH, and buna-Jhh ' hacks ' havo not oven a ghost of a chance. If nnothor itom was substituted in its place, it would do away with a lot of trouble to tho oflicmls, and not dolay tho carrying out of tho programme, as is invariably the case. Tho Commiitoo would do well in future to con sider tho propriety of substituting somo othor event for tho so-called hack raco, and strictly ad here to the advertised timo of starting ouch race. Mr. A. Lysaght again discharged tho duties of judgo mo3t satisfactorily, whilst Mr. D. Griffin, jun., was very successful with tho flag, in oach in stance (lotting tho Holds well away together. Mr. O. Cochrano attended to tho clerical work, Mr. J. O'Donnoll acted as Clerk of thn Scnles, and Mr. A. C. Waldron as Clerk of the course. Though thero wero threo publican's booths on the ni-iinn/J t\ni**i* u'dTrt m/'i at/rtia rtf /li-iiii).*niiii/iDn n**rl tho crowd was most orderly. The running ro sultod as follows : — The Tiiial Stakks, of 25 sovs., second horse 5 suvs. from tho prizo ; for horses which shall not have won an advertised pri/,3 exceoding 10 sovs. at the timo of entrance. Weight for auo. 1^- mile. Mr. 6. Woodward's br c Erebus, 2 yrs, 7at 41b ' including 51b over (Mulry) ... ... 1 W. Moon's br m Emelino, 3 yrs, 8st 51b (Daley) ? ... ' ... 2 P. W. Hall's b c Unnamod, 2 yrs, Cst 131b (Murphy) ? ... \ J. Couch's blk g Nowcurn, 4 yrs, 8st 111b (Keevors) ... ? ... ... | R Marshall's b m Kosette, aged, 8st 131b (Carnuchaol) Unnamed and Emolino wora tho first to show in front after getting fairly started. On making the Thumb turn into the back, howovor, Unnamed dropped into tho rear rather suddenly, aud kept Itosetto company all tho way up the back, several lengths behind tho othors, Erebus taking his place as escort to Emeline. In this order they raced into the home turn, when Erebus took lead ing placo, a position ho maintained to the finish, beating Emeline by a length. Unnamed came with a rush when opposite tho grands'.aud, and ran a dead heat with Newcum for third place. Time, 2 min, 2tii sees. The owner and rider of Unnamod wero summoned before tho Committee for suspicious running, and after tho charge was investigated thoy wero reprimanded and dis charged. The Municipal Handicap of 50 sovs., second horse, 7 sovs from the prize. 1;}- mile. ' Mr. D. Kolloher's br g Tambour Major, aged, 7st 21b (Longbottom) ? 1 J. Cannon's c g Speculation, aged, 9at 121b (Frampton) ? 2 J. Couch's br m Dunmoro Maid, aged 8st (Lswis) ? 3 W. Moon's br m JSinrline. 3- vrs, 7st 91b (Mulry) R. Elliott's b g Pantaloon, agod, 7st (Car michnel) Tho field wero sent away to an oxcellont start. PantaloDii at once made the running, and led by four or live lengths round, the bottom end of thu course and into tho kick, Speculation being at tho head of tho others, Tambour last. At tho uppor ond Pantaloon cried enough, and full back, whilo Tambour changed places with Emoline, and camo into the home turn in close attendance upon Speculation and tho Maid. Fairly in the straight Tambour Major drew out, and cutting his rivals down ono after .mother assumed leading position, and whilo tho othors were at the whip ho hold his own and won haeds down by a couple of lengths from Speculation, who boat Dunraoro Maid by a longth, with Emeline and Pantaloon logethar bringing .up tho rear a couple of lengths away. Time, 2min. 21socs. For the Hack Handicap of 5 sovs., there were Milbra, carrying 93t., beat Ebernean, 9st 71b. for first placo. Flying Handicap, of 40 sovs., second horso 5 sovs. from tho prize. ? 7 furlongs. Mr. J. Couch'a b c Emperor, 3yrs, Gst Tib (J. Couch )y. ... ... ... ... 1 J. Cannon's o g Speculation, aged, lOst (Frampton) ? ... ... 2 H. Robbrts1 b o Loichhardt, 3yrs, 9st 91b .(Young) ? f G. Woodward's br c Erebus, 2yrs, 7st (Mulry) ? f P. W. Hall's b c Unnamed, 2yrs, 7st 81b - (Lowis) W. Elliott's b m Judith, aged; 8st 91b (Flanagan) . W. Moon's brm Emelino, 3yrs, 7st 111b (Munu) R. Elliott's b g Pantaloon, aged, 8sfc lib (including 31b over) (Carmichael). After several false starts the lot wore sent away on ovon terms. Speculation and Unnamed were the first to show iu front, but the field wero almost all together up the back and into the home turn. Hero Erobus improved his positiou, and Em peror also issued from the ruck, and at tho dis tance had got clear. Frampton woke Speculation up, and shook himself clear of Erebus, but- could not got on terms with Emporor, who won easily by sevoral lengths. Leichardt coming very strong at the finish overhauled Erobus, and thoy caught tho judge's oye together, and thon follovved iu tho order named Judith, Unnamod, Pantaloon and Emeline. Time 1 min. 37 sec. ? Tub Selling Plate of 20 sovs. Onco round. Mr. D. Kelloher's br g Tambour Major (£20), aged, 7s't 121b (Anderson) ? 1 E. YVatorworth's b i- Bourke (£20), aged, 7st 121b (M'Ouado) ... ? 2 J. Clynch's br m Miss Bintjwood (£40), Sat 181b (Bamford) J. Clarke's c g The Star (£20), auod, 7st 121b (Frampton). Bourke made the running until reaching the Wollongons! turn, when Tambour Major wont to tho front, and romped homo as ho liked the easiest of winners. Bourko finished Booond, broken down. Timo 2min 18sec. Tho winner was summtcea to auction immediately after wards by Mr. G. Cochrane, and was bought in by his owner at £30 10s, the Club netting ten guineas by tho sale. The Fauuwell Handicap, of 15 sovs.; second horse, 3 sovs. from tho priza. 1£ mile. Mr. J. Couch's blk g Newcum, 4 yrs, 0 st7 ft. ' 1 J. Clarke's o g 'Clio Star, aged, 7 st ... 2 D. Kelloher's br g Tambour Major, a'od, ? 9 st 7 lt-. ' W. Moon's br m Emeliuo, 3 yiB, 0 fit 7 lb. I Tho quartotto woro soon aont on their journey. Tambour at onco went to tho front, but at tho bottom ond of tho course ho collapsotl, and as tho weight bogAn to toll on him at tho back, ho settled down List. When Tambour retired from tlio load, Nowcmn took tho position, and mniu tfvinod it to tho finish, Star second. Tambour third, and fimolino last. Timo, 2 min. 27A socs. Tho sottling took placo in tho ovoning at tho Conimorcial Ilolol, whon tho following amounts woro paid over : — D. Kollohor, £G3 ; J. Couch £47 ; G. Woodward, £20; J. Cannon, £12 ; W. Moon, £5 ; J. Ohisholm, £5 ; J. Ol.arko, £3. 