WALGETT. The weather has undergone a sudden and agree- able change.* About 40 points of rain fell on the night of the 17th instant. The Police Magistrate (G. F. Scott, Esq..) re- turned from Collerendabri on the 16th instant. I hear that the Upper Barwonists had a gala night when thoir old townsmen got out of th« " cattle racket." Lawyer JaniBon beat his beBt record; he was "specially retained." The Collerendabri folk brought in a buggy for him, treated him like an alderman, gave him a fee of one hundred pounds, and drove him bock to Walgett. " Nothing suc- ceeds Uko success." It was jubilee time at Col- lerendabri ; the blacks hold a big corrobboree over it. The show fever is again manifesting itself; a relapse has set in. Many of us are convalescent, but there are a few bad cases on hand. The local jubilee craze, which has recently afflicted us, has exposed the town to a well-written and well-merited lampoon in the Tarouiorfli Observer of the 11th instant. There is not much cause to be merry, or awfully generous, just at present. The whole district is woef uUy, grusomely, and unprecedentedly depressed. There are seven pubs, five stores, three restaurants, two butchers, two bakers, one brewery, and a whole host of other businesses hero existing either on the " memories of the past" or the "pleasures of hope." The squatting firms which surround thejtownship seem to have given up the ghost. CHARGE OF UNLAWFUL POSSESSION OF BEEF. At the Collerendabri Police Court on Saturday last, before Mr. G. F. Scott, P.M., and Messrs. T. Clark, and Neil McKellar, J.'sP., Charles Waters publican, Stephen Augustus Gray cordial maker, and Joseph Robinson (nephew to Charles Waters, and in his uncle's employ) were charged by Sub inspector Cameron, on the information of Constable Stacey with stealing a cow. At the opening of the court this charge was withdrawn, and there- upon the accused were charged with having the carcase of a cow in their possession, reasonably suspected to have been stolen. -Sub-Inspector Cameron conducted the prosecution, and Mr. H. L. Janison, solicitor, of Walgett, defended the accused. -The following facts briefly disclose the case for the prosecution : From information received Con- stable Stacey, who is stationed at Collerendabri, was on the qui vive for some time, and just after dark on Friday, the 6th instant, he heard the re- port of two gun shots in the direction of Steve Gray's house at "Rocky Ford," which is across the Barwin from the township ; on proceeding to the spot in company with "Boney" the black tracker, Constable Stacey found the three defendants in the act of slaughtering the beast in question (horse butchering it on the ground) ; on questioning the accused (collectively) Waters said " We are killing a cow of mine," to which Constable Stacey re- plied, " I must have a look at the brands now that I am here ;" then the accused proceeded to hoist the quarters of the animal on an adjoining tree, leaving the constable and the tracker to examine the hide. After examination Constable Stacey pointing to some holes in the skins, enquired " Why certain pieces were cut out of the hide, and why one of the ears was freshly cut off ?" adding " This looks like as if brands have been cut out and the ear mark defaced." The defendant denied any felonious intent, remarking "There were no brands to cut out," and said " The cuts were made with the axe in quartering the carcase on the ground." The constable then asked to be shown the missing pieces, and as they were not produced he arrested the three men on the spot and locked them up. On the 7th the accused were brought before Thomas Clark, Esq., J.P., at the Collerenda- bri Police Court, and remanded until the 14th inst., bail being allowed and obtained. As before, stated the charge was duly opened on tho 14th inst., and occupied the court for eight hours. The Bench carefully and patiently investigated the facts adduced pro and con. On this examina- tion Constables Stacey, Cook, Barrow, and Boney (the tracker) supported the prosecution ; while Mr. George Foster, the manager of Mercadool Station, also testified that he had missed cows from the run within the previous three weeks. One strong feature in the evidence was the appearance of the hide and head, as seen in the Court. On each side J of the hide was a large round clean-cut hole about nine inches in diameter, besides several small in- cisions, while the ear was non est inventus. The Crown witnesses, as enumerated, were subjected to a scathing and searching cross-examina- tion by the advocate for the defence, which elicited the following facts: That none of the Crown witnesses had seen the said cow alive, nor could they swear that the beast in question had borne a brand or ear-mark, while Mr. Foster, of Mercadool declined to swear that any cattle had (to his certain knowledge) been stolen from him, or that he could identify the hide before the court. For the defence, Mr. John Beasen, of Coleren dabi, Mr. John Doyle of Moongalla, Mr. Peter Crawford (poundlkeeper), Mr. John Nation selector, Mr. Edward Tureen, Constable Stacey, Mr. Charles Waters (the accused), and Joseph Gordon (a half caste) gave evidence. The theory set up was that the cow was the property of Charles Waters, that she was too wild to cross over the Barwin Bridge, and then yard, hence the killing in the bush; that the cow (which was about seven years old) had never been branded, and on the whole the balance of testimony raised a sufficient doubt to entitle the accused to an acquittal. Inter alia, Waters swore in his examination that he purchased this cow from a drover for ten shillings three years ago, but got no receipt, thinking it not worth while, and it seems that he has also had a few head of killing cattle for his own use running about Colerendabri for years, supplementing them from time to time It should also bo said that the three men received good characters from reliable testimony. Mr. Janison addressed the Bench at great length, analysing the evidence and pointing out the law in such cases. He dwelt upon the social positions of the accused, and, while complimenting the police upon their zeal and activity, so invariably displayed in the protection of life and property throughout the district, he at the same time urged the Bench to remember that they were sitting as judge and jury upon these accused men, and that it had been laid down by jurists from the earliest period, and to the present time it was a recognized principle, that an accused person should have the benefit of any reasonable doubt, and having traversed the whole case and cited legal authorities bearing upon such matters, he concluded an exhaustive and ably con- ducted defence by exhorting their Worships to acquit the accused. The Bench retired for some considerable time, and on returning into court the chairman announced that the Bench were by a majority in favour of acquitting the accused, who were thereupon dis- charged from custody. Throughout the proceedings the greatest interest was manifested, the court being crowded to excess. The little village on the Upper Barwon has rarely seen such, local excitement. May 21st, 1887. 