YOUJSG SUPBltlOE-PUBLIC SCHOOL, j BREAKING-UP ENTERTAINMENT. IF the various colleges, grammar-schools, and high schools have their speech- days prior to their adjournment for the Christinas vacation, the Young Superior Public School, which has recently shot into prominence through the triumph it acjiieved in the recent Junior University Examinatioiis, has sliown its determination not to be behindhand in the way of breaking-up entertainments. Speech-da^s liave now come to be regarded as. indispensable in tlie life of tlie higher or secondary schools, and tliey undoubtedly serve a very useful purnose, as Well,as afford much interest to those wild delight in marking the advance of education. -PublicSchools, however,.have not yet troubled themselves with these pretentions speech-days, but as a rule they celebrate the occasion of going into recess for the " holidays of the year " in a more or less interesting maimer. The local Superior Public School has made demonstrations of diBerent kinds to commemorate the occasion of lireakiiig-upifoir the Christmas vacation, but this, year it has cclipscd all previous efforts, tbauks to the unswerving energy aud enthusiasm displayed by the head-master (Mr. Rick'ard) aud the'mistress of the girls' department (Miss Bluett), who caiuiot be too highly praised for the enjoyable entertainment which they were instrumental in givmg to a crowded .assemblage iu the Mechanics' Hall on Friday evening last. At the present time it is optional to teachers in our Public Schools to arrange any ceremonies iu connection with their brcaUings-up towards tbc close of each year. It is therefore a pleasing sign to notice that nearly every large Public School . ill the . colony organises something to signalise the occasion, thus shewing that the teachers have a heart in their work, and a desire to be brought in contact with the pareuts and friends of tho pupils. The above educational establishment has only recently been raised to the standard of a " Superior "Public School, a distinction which is mainly due to the successful teaching career of Mr. lliekard. In our last issue .we referred to the display of school-work iu the girls' schoolroom on Friday afternoon, but we neglected to mention that the admirable drawings and illuminated texts which adorned the walls were perfected under the able direction aud supervision of Miss Bluett, who is herself a worthy artist in crayons and water colours, and well fitted to take rank amongst the army of artists whose creditable pictures, principally in water-colours, and produced under the tuition of so accomplished an artist as Mr. Fletcher Watson, were displayed to the public of the metropolis a week or two .ago. Besides the exhibition of school-work and the re gating of tlie younger children attending the school with fruit and confectionery on Frid.iy afternoon, the breaking-up cerc'nonics comprised an enter- tainment by the elder children ami the distribution of prizes aiid nietluls to the successful scholars', in the Mechanics' Hall on Friday evening. Admission to tho entertainment was by complimentary ticket, and as several hundred tickets hud been distributed by the head-master, an.unuBually larg< audience Wiis expected to bo present. Shortly be fore seven o'clock, however, a violent storm burst over the town, aud ruiu fell in torrents for several minutes, much to the temporary dissiippointmcnt of numbers who contemplated attending the hall. The entertainment was arranged to commence at half-past seven o'clock, but at that time ouly a few adults hail put iu an appearance in conscqucnee of the inclement weather, so a commencement was wisely postponed until eight o'clock. By that time, the weather lis/.i. somewhat cleared up, the hall was J {'.c filled, ami by b^lf-past eight not a seat was to be had. People, nevertheless, continued to swarm into tile hall and gallery, like bees into a hive, until there was not standing room in the body of the hall. Part of the vestibule was even full of people, and the landing leading to the gallery was crowded. This vast assemblage had congregated to'do honour to an educational institution which had lately won a certain amount of fame, and a greater compliment could not well have been paid to the head-master, Mr. Riekard. Usually these entertainments-are held in the afternoon, but it was this year decided to depart from that custom, so that the many instead of the few mi'dit be enabled to attend. It was alsolioped that by having the eiitcrt.iiiinu'nt iu the -evening, the babies, whose incessant cries detract -fiibui the enjoyment of every indoor anuisemeut, would hav been kept at home ; hut the result proved how v.aiu wan that. hope. More babies seemed to have been brought into the hall last Friday night than w thought could he found in all the town, so it can perhaps be imagined what a diablerie of irritating, discordant sounds at times struck on the tympanum "f one's ears. Of course, if tb ere must be adults, unless people "giowed" like " Topsy, thcic must also be .babies : hut ill the future, put i prohibition on their heads when breaking- up enter lainments are about—in other words, keep them at home. Tlie entertainment opened with a pianoforte duet, " The Cossack March," artistically played by Misses J. aud 15. Ccdieu, after which die children, who were seated ill the ball immediately ill front vfjf the platform, and whose radiant faces betokened the joy that-was within tlieni, prettily sang, " Spring's delights are now returning," their flesh, healthy, ringing and vigorous voices harmonising bqantifully,-evidencing the careful training n hicli hid' beer,i. hestOAcd upon tUera. Later on in the eveniiig'tlie children, as before under the direction of Mr. ltickard, charmingly sang " Little Jack Horner," " Patter, patter, busy little feet so dear," and " Rule Brittannia "—the latter with a loyalty uud an enthusiasm niiicti were contagious. A little fellow 1 , Master R. Hutchison, provoked the mirth and laughter of his numerous auditors by his capital rendering of a comic song entitled " An awful little scrub," who is not satisfied with :I t wnshinL'," f( greasing," and "smacking" his mother, but he must also "boil" his uncle. At the close of each verse the; applause wliicli greeted liiin was as well- merited as it was vociferous, anil at the conclusion of the song his auditors uprriariiiLdy demanded an encore, to which the little fellow, whose nervousness it was at iirst pitiful to behold, but against which lie struggled like a Trojan, manfully responded. Misses ,1. E. Bennett and M. Cohen very nicely, and with good expression, sany that tuneful duet,. " The lily anrl the. -rose." Miss E. Reynolds creditably played " Tile Kcttcn Gallop " as anoveiture to the second part, and Miss >1. Cohen kindly acted. as aoconi. paniet for her sister aud Miss Bennett, and also for the " awful little scrub,'' who, by the way, looked tli'e character immensely. In the first portion of the entertainment a drama entitled The school for daughters." which, being a mixture of tho grave and the gay, was of « trail com:que character, was admirably represented by the children, principally girls, ably assisted by one of tho teachers, Mr. J. Jacobs. The whole of the credit of preparing the children for this drama is due to Miss Bluett, and that she fulfilled her important functions in a musterful way will be, feel sure,-radmitted by all who hail the pleasure of hearing the libretto and beholding th acting. The drama is thus •briefly explained. Evelina (Miss'Maud Cohen) was the favourite of wealthy parents, and her heart was lcplctc with amiable; qualities ,' but the continual flattery paid to lier be.vaty aiid accomplishments intoxicated her with' vanity. She became giddy, and a youug adventurer, one pf tho tribe of fashion, was struck with her beauty, but still more with the account given him of her fortune. He found means, after; an introduction to her, to carry ou a private correspondence,' anil his seductive arts overcame every virtuous resolution. She deserted her parents, anil eloped • witli liiin fo the continent, where- they "were married. Her husband wrote to her father, hoping he would become reconciled to the step his daughter hail taken, and confirm lier expectations.: but the father sent him an answer, penned in tho bitterness of parental disappointment, pronouncing curses ou his niigratcful child, and vowing uever to give liiin a farthing. No sooner did the unfeeling wretch receive this than lie immediately deserted his uuhappy wife, leaving her in a foreign country, alone anil unprotected. Evelina then wrote a letter to her father, dcscribiuglier w T retched situation, expressing her pcnitcnce for what she U ul done, aud declariug her intention to banish herself for ever froni a family on .which she had thus entailed disgrace. The cruel tidings I broke his heart, nor ilid his wife long survive liiin. ] Eveliua subsequently returned to England and after some tilhe elie got into tho home of an amiab'e [ widow named Mrs. Seymour, with whom she lived I for ten years. At the latter's death her fortune expired with her, .or,Evelina would not liave been unprovided for; but she had to seek fresh fields and pastures new, aud just after the opening of the drama J Blie seeks rest iu the cottage of ~au old ' " widow named Agnes (Miss Haucox), poor but kilidlicarted. She is on her way to the establishment of a widow lady of wealth aud charitable feelings, Mrs. Woodville (Miss Whitcmau), who was a great frieud of Mrs. Seymour's. She subsequently meets Mrs. Woodville, aud finds a protectress in her. She entrusts Eveliua with the education of her daughters Augusta (Miss V. Nielsen) and Jemima (Miss Blumlell), a " tomboy " who delights in playing practical jokes. After some time Evelina discovers tliat Mrs. Woodville is her sister, and resolves to at once quit the house Whilst iu the act of decamping, she is surprised by her protectress, who has lost a valuable miniature, and lier confusion leads Mrs. Woodville to suspect that she , has stolen it. Sooner than stay and prove her , innocence, Evelina flies and again seeks a night's refuge iu old Agues' house. After she has gone, Mrs. Woodville discovers that Jemima tied the ; miniature round a lap-dog's ueck, aud she at once, 1 accompanied by her daughtei-s and some friends, j goes to Agnes' house, where she suspected Evelina ; Would stay for the night, to acqit lier of the theft. Having found Evelina and confessed her error in suspecting her, the former makes an incautious remark .which leads to lier identity, and Mrs. Woodville having discovered lier long-lost sister cnbraces her, and everything wiuds up joyfully. At the end of the first act the scene is supposed to be in old Agnes' bouse, which Mrs. Woodville, her daughters, friends aud the giris of the village have visited, each bearing a garland of flowers, it being the occasion of the anniversary of Mrs. Woodvillc's natal day, which is being celebrated. Mrs. Woodville is introduced to Evelina, and they retire aud sit oil chairs, surrounded with the garlands. The young ladies then join in a country dance, during wliich Agnes, overjoyed at the sight, heats time to the music with her stick, performs many ludicrous steps, and from time to time points out her granddaughter (Miss G. lieunctt), exclaiming "That's my Jenny." At the close of the dance, those engaged in it hold up their garlands and take up different positions around Mrs. Woodville and Evelina, thus forming agraceful iloral tableau. Miss J. E. Bennett took" tile part of M iss Howard (a young West Indian heiress), who, having been to London, is oil a visit iu the country. She played her part remarkably well. "She is accompanied by a negro attendant, Samba (Miss N. Reynolds). The housekeeper, Mrs. Rackett, was well played by Miss Alexander, whose expressions of disgust with improprieties anil breaches of etiquette were typical -of the old-school housekeeper. Miss .McCill represented the houscmaidjand Miss A. Tay lor a new servant, whilst Mr. James Jacobs was capital as **Fanner Grub" anil Master West as "Fanner Clodpole." The ghost-scene iu the third act, .Jemima playiug the ghost as one of her piaetical jokes, which she does to frighten Lucretia, a visitor of her mother's, created much laughter. The acting of cach character could not have been surpassed. Iu fact, the. whole repre sen 1L:ion of the drama would have done credit to theatricals; we have often seen much inferioi acting by professionals. Miss Maud Cohen,.who admirably sustained' the du .l parts of Evelina and Lucretia., possesses histrionic abilities in a. marked degree, and deservedly elicteil the admiration and hearty applause of ih=: numerous amlicucc. Miss Wh'tcmun, too, displayed much talent in her IV presentation of Mrs. Woodville. Indeed, each and everyone of those who assis:eil in the di-aina had a very fnir ,-onccpfion of his or her respective part, and reflected the greatest credit upon their instructress, Miss Bluett. His Worship the Mayor, who hail been asked by Mr. Riekanl to distribute the prizes, Kindly acceded to tile request, anil before proceeding with tlie pleasing ceremony, he addressed a few appropriate remarks to the auditors, and also to the children. During t.he latter part of tl.e evening, Mr. Richard spoke at some length upon scholastic matters, anil principally icferre.l t,» the Junior University Exaininatioiip, which wore i egarded as the battle field for midille-elnss Feliooh. He alluded to the Iirst batch of candidates from the local school that had sat for the Junior University Examinations lost year, ami paid a high complimcnl to'Miss Lizzie Cohen, who was the Iirst girl from that school to pass. He disproved a r< cent assertion made by ML 1 . Williams, the head-master of Newiugton College, who stated that that college had been more successful iu Lhc late examinations than any other educational establishment in the colony^ His (Mr. Rickanl's) average passes were doubly superior to those o f Newington. He showed that whilst, ho had chiefly concentrated his energies to prepare the. successful yutiths for examination, hi- had not neglected his other school duties, which was proved by the inspectorial returns. He remarked upon tile unfairness with respect to Maxtor Levy's being allowed to compete for tile Hordern prize, which should unhc.situtingly have been a-.varde.d to Master Stevenson, who, however, if the Department were left to decide who shouiu receive it, would vet he treated fairly in the matter. As success had crowned his efforts in the p.nt, mainly through his industry, he intnuded to continue to lie industrious, and hoped to win future laurels in his profession. He was proud of the staffof teachers under his control, and was fortunate that so able, cuergc-t-ic, and painstaking JI lady as Miss Bluett presided over the girls' department. As the Mayor had given the dux medal, he preferred that some other gentleman should make the formal presentation. Sir. John Russell, upon request, kindly consented to do so. Jlavinc gracefully affixed the prettily designed medal to the manly breast of Master Stevenson, he tersely and appropriately remarked (addressing that clover young fellow): 44 1 hope you will continue to lie dux throughout life." The Mayor affixed the threfc silver medals which Master .Stevenson had wou at the recent examinations to the youth's breast, and also one to the breast of Master Hugh Spring, who bad likewise conic through the exam, ii medallist. His Worship remarked that they all should feel proud of tho youths who had gained so many Honours among nearly a thousand competitors. lie hoped these honours would he an incentive to the youths' schoolmates to persevere with their work in future. That occasion was the most happy he h id experienced during his mayoralty. Ill front of him lie saw . n many faces of the rising generation beaming with intelligence that he war sure tliey -voulil all have a good future before them if they continued to profit by their teachers' able instruction. The success which had lately attended the local Public S.dtool was a credit to YOUN:: aud to New South Wales. He was sorry that the awarding of the Hor.Iern prize had lnt yet been decided, but he hoped be would have the pleasure of presenting the hundred guineas to Master Stevenson, and the £25 gold medal to Mr Rickard, for both scholar anil master deserved them. Votes of thanks to the Misses Cohen for having kindly assisted at the entei taiumeut, and to the Mayor for presenting the prizes, were carried by acclamation,'Linl the singing of tile Natioual Anthem terminated the proceedings. 