FOOTBALL NOTES IBz^EMO.Jv—-vA-C^, Iaccompanted the newly-formed Arm!-:, dale football team to Glen Innes tojratelr theiu-play .their opeaing niatch»j and he^ j 'fore going into detail about the play would like to say a little about the im provements that have taken place in that town in the shape of buildings since my last visit. One especially—a very hand some structure erected on the site better known as the Telegraph Hotel— struck the visitors very much by its colossal ap pearance, and would do credit to any town. I heard it is to be called the Great Central Hotel, and, judging from it mag nificence, I think it a very appropriate name, while on the opposite side of the street the new School of Arts building now in course of erection is a structure, also, that promises to be an ornament to the town, and will improve Grey-street to a considerable extent. Glen Innes was visited by two football teams, one from Armidale and the other from Inverell, and in this game it was the greatest day in the history of the place. Inverell were the firBt to play Glen Innes in the morn ing. The weather was beautifully fine and all that could be desired. It was a very good game, and ended in a draw in favour of Glen Innes. The Inverell club possess some good players, and, with practice, should render themselves a very formidable team. The time having drawn near, I got ready to watch the great struggle between Armidale and Glen In nes. The afternoon was again beauti fully fine, and as I strolled over I noticed that great interest was evinced in the match, and on arrival on the ground found a large gathering of people, amongst whom were a number of ladies, who seemed to view the game with more than ordinary interest. Glen Innes were very confident of winning, and looked much the heavier team, while Armidale seemed much lighter. The game was a j splendid one from start to finish, and to those who hail from the mother country it must have reminded them of the many hard-fought battles they had witnessed in this grand old English game, and I heard i a Yankee say, " by the Ghost of Abraham | Lincoln, the colonials are wonderful ath- , letes." By this time the players were j ready to make a start, and the attendance ] had increased considerably. Vehicles, horsemen, and horsewomen had assembled j in great force, and the ground presented a splendid spectacle. No game was yet ever worth a rap, For a rational man to play, Into which no accident, nor mishap, Could possibly fiud its way." •' —Gordon. O'Hanlon captained Armidale, and Healey' skippered Glen Innes. Three cheers hav ing been called for Glen Innes by the Armidale captain, this was responded to, and the ball was kicked off by Bishop. O'Hanlon secured it and sent it well for ward, where the play became vigorous. Lopez, W. Scholes, Bliss, and M'Namara for Armidale, and Leece, Emblen, and Canes for Glen lunes were working like Trojans. A lot of scrimmaging took place, and then W. Scholes shone out pro minently, and the way he stopped the runs of the back men brought forth ap plause. At last, by splendid play on the part of the forwards, Taylor got a touch down, amidst deafening applause. The kick was entrusted to Bliss, but he was unsuccessful. The ball being sent off again, Bradley did a good run, and Ryan j for Armidale. and Bishop and Harris for I Glen Innes, did yeoman service. At last, the ball was forced over the Glen Innes ; line, and the speedy M'Namara being on ; the alert secured the second touchdown. Taylor this time tried for a goal, and, by a nice kick, sent the ball over the bar, amidst great excitement. Half-time was now called, the game standing—Armidale, j 7 points; Glen Innes, nil. The crowd i -had increased considerably by this time.! The interval soon passed away, and the ball was agaiti sent off, and the play be came very rough, Glen Innes pressing the Armidalians. Healey, here, made a fine run, and Bishop followed it up by some nice play, the game became faster and faster, and the excitement was growing intense. Healey again made a splendid run, and was loudly applauded, but Leece was equal to the occasion, and with JuergonB got the ball right near their ooponents' goal, and here a struggle took place. For a quarter of an hour they where scrimmaging, and the crowd he- j came very excited. At last their weight. told, and M'Gcegor secured their first touchdown. Emblen made a good kick.j for goal, but was unsuccessful. The game waB now drawing to a close, aud John stone, Seabrook, Bliss, and Smith were working hard, while Healey, Leece, and Zeitler were doing all they knew for Glen Innes. O'Hanlon here did good service back, and his kicking told a great deah Another run.by Bishop, and responded tq by Chas. Moore and Mitchell, brought the game to a close, and I must say that it was one of the best I had ever witnessed.. The greatest enthusiasm was evinced right' j throughout the contest, and the spectators cheered lustily at every piece of good play shown. Armidale were victorious by seven points to two, and they well de served the victory. They worked splen didly together, and their sturdy opp^nefttsj did all thev. jcould to avert defeat- It is impossible to single out the most promi nent players, as one and all worked so well. Messrs. Oatly and Wisdom, as um pires, were all that could be desired, and, i in conjunction with Mr. Finlay, as re- j feree, formed a trio that could not be easily excelled. To each of these gentle- j men the Armidale Club are indebted for their kindness, and I am sure they join in returning the compliment. j After the match the two teams were entertained at a dinner by the Glen lanes ; players. It was a splendid turn out, and upwards of 50 sat down. Mr. Healey occupied the chair, and warmly welcomed the visitors. After doing justice to the excellent repast, Mr. M'Gregor proposed the health of the two visiting teams. This was responded to by Mr. Fleming for Inverell and Mr. O'Hanlon for Armi- I dale, both gentlemen expressing thanks, on behalf of their respective teams, for the manner in which they had been re ceived. Cheers for the Queen being given, the company broke up by Binging the National Anthem. 'After this we had the pleasure of listening to the Glen Innes Band play a selection of music, which was much appreciated by the listeners, and one item at the conclusion calls for special mention, viz., " The Jubilee March," which was rendered in a masterly manner, and Mr. Lovell is to be complimented for the way in which his contingent dis coursed sweet music. This being over brought to a conclusion one. of the hap piest days I ever spent, and one and all of the visitors speak in the highest terms of the treatment accorded them. The Armidale returned on Tuesday morning much pleased with the pleasant outing. 