THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. " I dreitaj a dream that wm no5 all a dream." BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sea Queen," "Tha Wrack of the Gi'oaveaor," "A Sailor'3 Sweetheart," &c.; [Published by -special arrangement with the Author All rights reserved.1 CHAITER XX.-A FOK'SLE Di.secr.ssio.v. They had no sooner left the cabin than a head with a rather grimy pale face on ib and disordered hair and reddish eyelashes popped out of a spare bunk on the port side, and after taking a quick glance around was followed by the body and legs of Johnny, the " boy." This_ youth wa3 about seventeen years old, stupid, but will ing, and he was useful as one of the ship's company, because though he hardly knew how to make a long splice he could help to roll up a sail and was a very good servant for the cabin, besides being serviceable as a sort of a cook's mate. He had '' all night in," because he was kept at work all day, but feeling tired after breakfast and guessing he would not be missed for a quarter of an hour or so he had sneaked into the spare cabin bunk, that was in reality a hole in the side, such as you see In smacks, with the intention of merely resting his limbs ; but had fallen fast asleep. He was awakened by the en trance of Mr. Fortescue and the two men ; when, realising his situation, and the rope's-ending that might follow his de tection, he lay breathless, listening to all that was said. When the mate left the cabin and Hiram entered his berth. Johnny tumbled out of his bunk and went on deck to see after the cabin dinner. The cook was a man named * Micky Anaon, a fat ignorant person, irritable like most sea-cooks. His temper aboard the Golden Hope had not been improved by the smallne3s of the galley, the want of elbow-room, and the wild and lively motion of the schooner during the bad weather, when on one occasion he had been washed out of the caboose by a sea, and when he had been several times scalded by capsized saucepans. Whether, but for the cook's temper, Johnny would ever have repeated a word of what he had heard in the cabin, cannot be imagined ; but on being angrily assailed by Anson for " loafing" and neg lectins£to do his " bit" and the tlike, the the lad said, "Micky, s'elp me, as Ifctand, I'd have been here if it warnt for a ghost story. I heerd it in the cabin. I'd laid down in the spare bunk, an' I fell asleep and was woke up by the ole man and the mate and the parson ccmin' below; the parson he tarned to and giv' em a yarn about a ghost. Micky, s'elp me, it wur enough to make a man's hair feel as if it wur stiff; with fat. He wur a long time yarnln', and then they cleared out an' aft I come." So saying he seized hold of some plates tlxat were to be cleaned and began to make a mighty rattle with them in a metal pail full of water. " Ah," cried the cook, ol course you was layin' down. You're ahcivjs a lay in' down. It's gutter-jumpers arter your pattern as are makin' sailors the laughing stock of the world. Good mind to round on ye to the ole man," he exclaimed, opening the oven door to scowl at a meat pie. "Its your thick skin what makes you insensible to nautical feelings, and you'll never feel like a seafarin' man till that there skin has been thinned by a course of ridin' down. Ghosts ! If there was ere a thing of the kind iu this schooner damme if I wouldn't be at the cost of making him a present of the sharpest fork on that shelf there on the understandin' that he haunted ye about with it and kept all on jabbing of you till I told him to stop." "Micky," cried the lad, who was now red in the face with the exertions he was putting into his taBk of cleaning and rubbing, "s'elp me, if the parson's yarn warn't enough to make me wish I was home again. Why, this woyage ain't a woyage all. We're a sailin' in search of a ghost. Ye should have heard the mate grunt when he was told it, and th' ole man kep on saying, ' Well, this is a start! This do beat my time!' and when the parson was gone the skipper asks the mate what he thinks, and the mate ha says it must be all true, 'cos the parson'3 too pious to tell a lie." " What's all true ? What are you a jawin' about ? Who's goin' to hear_ you whilst you makes that bloomin' noise ?" cried the cook, whose curiosity was now excited. " What's all true ? Why, what the parson told the skipper and the mite," replied Johnny. ' He says there's a female ghost situated on a island in the Hindian Ocean, and this voyage i3 to fetch her." The cook flourished a frying pan, whilst Johnny, cowering and dodging behind his uplifted arm, roared out, "S'elp me the Lord, it's true, Micky. The ghost came to the parson and says, ' I'm on the island what Mr. Stone's got the calculations of ;' and she writ down a likeness of the island, and pretended that the parson had done it ; and then the parson he sees the drawin' and likewise the ghost a-stretching out of her arms to liim, and so he makes up his mind to go and fetch her, and here we are a-going !" The cook looked attentively at the lad, and knowing him to be too much of a fool to be capable of inventing such a story as this, exclaimed, "Just say that over agin, will yer ?" The youth did so. " Ye mean to say that the parson told the cap 'n and mate that a female gho3t wrote down a likeness of an island, and in formed him that she was on it, and that this voyage was meant to fetch her ?" said the cook, knitting his brows and looking at Johnny with an expression in his eye that caused the lad to respond with as tonishing rapidity, "Ay, Micky, and if it ain't true, may I and lie hoped that all sorts of fearful physical afflictions would smite him. "Well," said the cook, beginning to bustle about afresh, but in a rather ab stracted manner, "if the parson's motive be what you say it is, then this here's a woyage I for one never signed articles for. But aft with yer now; get the cloth laid," and he made as if he would lift his foot, on which the youth ran out. If sailors in those days were livelier and heartier and better seamen than they are in these, it must be owned that they were also more ignorant. Not ignorant in the sense of "laming," as they termed it, for a3 many could read and write then as can read and write now ; but in respect of sea superstitions. In our age the prosaic mechanical spirit of the engine-room has entered the seafaring calling, and in the furnaces of the steamers most of the marine spectres and beliefs have been burned up never to appear again. But in the age of the Golden Hope, Friday was still an unlucky day ; a master would risk his spars to pick up a cat that had fallen overboard; the Fin, as a native of Russian Finland was termed, wa3 a magician in the eyes of many sailors ; and though the Flying Dutchman was mentioned on the whole-with incredulity, scores of supersti tions much more absurd and much less poetical prevailed in ships' forecastles and 'tween-decks where Jack swung his hammock. The cook having obtained from-Johnny a most perverted version of the narrative Mr. Fortescue had related to the captain and Stone, very naturally procured its conveyance forward in a manner that was formerly observable in sea cooks, a3 thu3 : It being the captain's watch on deck, and consequently William Breeches s watch below, for William was in the mite'3 watch, Breeches cornea to the gailey far a, light for his pipe. "William," aaya thecoon, ''.wh;ir ".««n your bead, irate, when y«»u bLj-.hmX fcr this he'" woyage <"* Breeches surveys him leisurely, and , anawera "Seventy bob a month, Micky." "Ay," aaya the cook, "that's right enough ; but what was the destination given ye?" "Why," says Breeches, leaning in the doorway, and taking a look at what the watch on deck were doing, " a hisland in the Indian Ocean, warnt it? I've signed on for a good many woyageB in my time, but somehow I've never caught myself taking notice of where we're bound till we gets there." "What d'ye say," exclaims the.cook, " of the parson buying this here schooner to fetch a ghost ofl" the island we're bound to ?" "Gitout," says Breeches. " Well," says the cook, " it's Johnny's yarn and here he relates how the lad came to overhear the conversation in the cabin, exaggerating the youth's version of course, and embellishing it with several original touches. "If it's true it's blazing queer," say3 Breeches. " Ah," says the cook, "and the more you think of it, the likelier it is. What does a parson want to Bail to a hisland in the Indian Ocean for, that's got no name, eh? Just ask yourself that, William. It ain't for trafficking ; there's no barterin' Thames' ballast, anyways ; no fear of its being for slaving and the like3 o' that. Parsons are all very well ; but it's sartin their dealings is with what ye can't see ; and if there's to be anything what may be called speeritooal-like mucked up in this woyage unbeknown to us and not down in the articles, I for one shall want to know what the capt'n has to say upon it." Well, of course, language of this kind ended in making the two fellows look at each other with faces as long as "awet hammock," to use the language of the sea ; and when Breeches had smoked his pipe out, and descended into the forecastle, it was not to " turn in," but to repeat what he had heard to Martin Goldsmith and Henry Sawyer, who sat on their chests mending their clothes, the remaining man of the watch, Joe Hall, ordinary seaman, being in his bunk and loudly snoring there. (To be continue'?,) 