CHAPTER VII. A SLAUGHTER GRIM AND GREAT. THEN came a pause, and we stood there in the chilly silent darkness waiting till the moment came to start. It was, perhaps, the most trying time of all- that slow, slow quarter of an hour. The minute seemed to drag along with leaden feet, and the quiet, the solemn hush, that brooded over all-big, as it were with a coming fate, was most oppressive to the spirits. I once remember having to get up before dawn to see a man hung, and I then went through a very similar set of sensations, only in the present instance my feelings were animated by that more vivid and personal ele ment which naturally appertains rather to the person to be operated on than to the most sympathetic specta- tor. The solemn faces of the men well aware that the short passage of an hour would mean for some, and perhaps all of them the last great passage to the unknown or oblivion, the hated whispers in which they spoke; even Sir Henry's continuous and thoughtful examination of his woodcutter's axe and the fidgety way in which Good kept polishing his eye- glass all told the same tale of nerves stretched pretty nigh to breaking point. Only Umslopogaas, leaning as usual upon Inkosi-kaas and taking an oc- casional pinch of snuff, was to all appearance perfectly and completely unmoved. Nothing could touch his iron nerves. The moon went down, for a long while she had been getting nearer and nearer the horizon, now she finally sank and left the world in darkness save for a faint grey tinge in the Eastern sky that palely heralded the coming dawn. Mr. Mackenzie stood, watch in hand, his wife clinging to his arm and striving to stifle her sobs. 'Twenty minutes to four,' he said, 'it ought to be light enough to attack at twenty minutes past four. Cap- tain Good had better be moving, he will want three or four minutes start.' Good gave one final polish to his eyeglass, nodded to us in a jocular sort of way-which I could not help feeling it must have cost him some- thing to muster up-and, ever polite took off his steel-lined cap to Mrs. Mackenzie and started for his posi- tion at the head of the kraal, to reach which he had to make a detour by some paths known by the natives. Just then one of the boys came in and reported that everybody in the Masai camp, with the exception of the two sentries who were walking up and down in front of the respec- tive entrances, appeared to be fast asleep. Then the rest of us took the road. First came the guide, then Sir Henry, Umslopogaas, the Wakwafi Askari, and Mr. Mackenzie's two mis- sion natives armed with long spears and shields. I followed immediately after with Alphonse and five natives all armed with guns, and Mr. Mac- kenzie bringing up the rear with the six remaining natives. The cattle kraal where the Masai were camped lay at the foot of the hill on which the house stood or, roughly speaking, about eight hun- dred yards from the Mission build- ings. The first five hundred yards of this distance we traversed quietly in- deed, but at a good pace; after that we crept on silently as a leopard on his prey, gliding like ghosts from bush to bush and stone to stone. When I had gone a little way I chanced to look behind me and saw the redoubt- able Alphonse staggering along with white face and trembling knees and his rifle, which was at full cock, point- ed directly at the small of my back. Having halted and carefully put the rifle at 'safety,' we started again and all went well till we were within one hundred yards or so of the kraal, when his teeth began to chatter in the most aggressive way. 'If you don't stop that I will kill you,' I whispered, savagely; for the idea of having all our lives sacrificed to a tooth-chattering French cook was too much for me. I began to fear that he would betray us, and heartily wished we had left him behind. 'But, monsieur, I cannot help it,' he answered; 'it is the cold.' Here was a dilemma, but for- tunately I devised a plan. In the pocket of the coat I had on was a small piece of dirty rag I that I had used some time before to clean a gun with. 'Put this in your mouth,' I whispered again, giving him the rag; 'and if I hear another sound you are a dead man.' I knew that would stifle the clatter of his ivories. I must have looked as if I meant what I said, for he instantly obeyed me, and pro ceeded with an oily corner of rag hanging down his chin. Then we crept on again. (To be continued.) 