LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London. April 15. 1887. Glorious spring weather — the first we have had so far— accompanied the Easter recess, and enabled holiday-makers to enjoy themselves thoroughly. The rail way traffic on Monday was heavier than has ever been known at this time of the year. To give you some idea of the diffi culties our great lines have to cope with on such occasions I may mention that tbe Brighton Company alone dispatched 66 long special trains, most of wliich were dragged by two engines. The South western Company, in addition to its ordinary service, sent off 37 specials to Kempton Park and several to Windsor, aa well as numerous relief trains to popular suburbs, like Hampton, Kew, and Rieh- j mond. There were over 120,000 persons ; at Chingford (Epping Forest), 40,000 at ' the Crystal Palace, 100,000 on Hampsfcead Heath, and enormous crowds at Olympla, \ and the Albert and AlftYnnHra. Palaces. Notwithstanding this wholesale exodus from the metropolis, ' the masses' mus tered in wonderful force at the Anti- \ coercion Demonstration in Hyde Park on ; Monday afternoon. Opinions differ as to ? the precise number present, but it probably exceeded 150,000 people. The crowd was wonderfully good tempered, thereby pre senting a marked contrast to the angry mob which made ' Intimidation Monday' of 1884 so ominous. The only name really vigorously hissed was Mr. Chamberlain's. Entiiusiasts groaned a little over Lord Haxtington, and cheered uproariously whenever a speaker mentioned Gladstone, but references to Lord R. Churchill merely provoked laughter. Infinitely the most popular speaker was the irre pressible 'Labby,' who for the time being gleefully adopted the role of *? people's tribune.' He had arrayed himself appropriately enough in an old ' sack' coat and low-crowned ' pot' hat, and looked for all the world like a work ing man holiday-making Mrs. Gladstone occupied the balcony of a house in Picca dilly, and in company with Lady Majori banks bowed greetings to each cheering contingent as it passed along towards the park. The old lady has a rare spirit, even Conservatives admitted, for though the procession took over two hours marching past she remained to the last and greeted the final sections as cheer fully and courteously aa the first.™ By-the-bye, there has- been a rare 'to- do' at Harrow over Mr. Gladstone's recent visit to the school. He went there it seems to chapel. Afterwards the boys were formed in two lines, and the veteran statesman and Mrs. Gladstone passed down between them. Hardly any of the young boors (so 'tis said) raised their hats. That was bad enough, but worse remains behind, for according to an eye-witneas one little ruffian absolutely tried toim mortalise himself by throwing a glass of water at the ex-Premier. TheG.O.M. luckily saw what was coming and stepped aside, with the result that one of the masters received the intended compliment full in his waistcoat. The most deplorable part of the story, however, is that the lad's conduct was not considered repre hensible by his mates. Currell has confessed to murdering his sweetheart. He says he was under the influence of opium at the time, and has no notion why he committed the crime. Another dynamite scare has taken possession of Scotland Yard, and the police protection of Westminster Palace and other public buildings adjacent has been doubled in consequence. The King of the Belgians occupied a seat in the gallery of the House of Com mons during the animated discussion on the Crimes Bill last Tuesday week. On being interrogated subsequently as to whether he had heard any debates, his MajeBty smilingly observed, 'Ah! des betes ; oui, il y en avaibplusieurs.' j Sir Owen Lanyon, who died the other day, was perhaps the most papular mem ber of the unpopular Wolseley clique. His rise, though well deserved, was rapid, -and when after returning from Egypt full of honors he married the great beauty and heiress of the season (Miss Lawson), the goddess of good fortune seemed to have little left to bestow on him. Alas! a year later his wife and infant son died suddenly and within a few days of one another. Then a slight affec tion of the throat began to trouble him. It seemed a mere spot, but Sir Oaren thought perhaps he had better consult a specialist. 'Can you bear the worst?' aBked Dr. Morell McKenzie. 'lean,' was the brief reply. It proved to be malignant cancer of the tonsils, which Is practically incurable. At any rate it proved to be so in Sir Owen's case. When his doom became a certainty the gallant soldier bade farewell to his friends and went off to America to die alone. Ristori, who is now living quietly in Rome, has just finished the first portion of her autobiography. It will be publiakel in four languages, smraltaneoualy. Readers of the more serious English papers may rememi»er a bitter contro versy on ' The Priest in the Family,' ?which raged for several weeks some six months ago. It was started .by a Captain Carlile, who complained in rather lm. moderate language of the cendoct of a Roman Catholic priest, who had broken up his home and ruined his marital happiness by secretly converting SSn. Carlile. The priest defended himself fairly successfully, but the wrathful Carlile refused to be appeased, and pro tested in moving terms against; the in terference of Roman Catholic priests with Protestant families. We now read that Captain Carlile himself has just been ' received into the church' by Cardinal Manning. The death of the Duchess of Norfolk, who succumbed to a painful complaint on Easter Monday, was not quite unexpected. She had been in poor health for years, in fact, never should have married the duke, who was himBelf of poor physique. Tha match was strongly discountenanced both by the Howards and the Hastings, but the young couple were deeply in love and took their own way. The birth of the poor little deformed child known as Earl of Arundel and Surrey proved a terrible shock to both. The duchess, indeed, never propeily got over it. The duke, always as much monk as man, became more of a recluse than ever, giving up his life almost entirely to mother church. He is said to be quite heart-broken over the duchess's death. Mr. Newdegate, who died last week, was for many years a cognate and, on the whole, popular personage in Parliamen tary circles. He might have taken a really good position but for one thing — he had 'a bee in his bonnet.' Roman Catholics were his abhorrence, and in every movement he distrusted (no matter what it was) he sniffed a Jesuit plot. This craze grew to such a pitch latterly that it became almost a mania, For example, Mr. Guildford Onslow secured Mr. Newde gate's support for 'Sir Roger,' simply through persuading that champion of Protestantism that the Claimant was tha victim of Jesuit machinations. Mr. Newdegate would always spend any amount of time or money to thwart a Catholic or an atheist. It was as much his persistent ''whipping' as anything eke that kept Bradlaughoutof the House so long, and the news of that persistent person's ultimate triumph nearly broke bis heart. The Prince of Wales has been twice to the Haymarket Theatre in the hope of bolstering up Mrs. Brown-Potter and 'Man and Wife,' nevertheless tha British public decline to follow suit. The play people pronounce dull, and the actress a failure. Mr.Beerbohm-Tree'a forthcoming mana gerial venture at the Comedy Theatre ex cites unusual interest from the fact that ' The Red Lamp ' is said to be the first attempt at drama of a highly successful novelist. The scene is kid entirely in Russia, and we are promised an absolute reproduction of 'high life ' in St. Peters burg. Lady Monckton acts the part of a Drincesa devoted to her husband and the Czar, but cursed with a brother who is a Nihilist. Good parts, have also been found for Mr. Brookfield, Mr. Sugden, and Marion Terry. ' Held by the Enemy,' the new American play at the Princesses, has hit the popular taste, and will probably run till Miss Grace Hawthorne takes over the house for ' Theodora,' which Sardou has promised to superintend personally. One of those little surprises which make the turf such a pleasant browsing ground for bookmakers signalised the last race at Kempton Park on bank holiday. There were only two starters, Mr. Starkey's Well-known 'sprinter' Modiste (ridden by George Barrett) and an untried pri vately trained three-year-old called Ripa, on ^hom a stable boy named Hobday bad his first leg-up. The ring asked backers of Modiste for odds varying from 4 to 5 to 1, but so good a th*'g did it look for the mare that the price was freely laid. Mr. Star key managed to get on about £5,000 to £1,000 altogether, and many of bis friends also plunged rather wildly. Their feelings may be conceived when the outsider, after maMngall the running, won in a canter by a couple of lengths. Need I say the ring yelled till they were hoarse. At Manchester on the same afternoon the victorious career of Mr. Craig's famous steeplechaser The Sinner was checked by Kilmeague, an Irish colt of Beasley's. In this case, as at Kempton, there were only two starters, and long odds (20 to 1) were offered on the favorite. Owing, however, to the Beasleys not fancying Kilmeague ' very little money changed How unlucky Fullerton was to lose tha Lincolnshire Handicap we learnt at New market on Tuesday, when Sir Geo. Chat wynd's horse walked home for the Craw ford Plate more than 12 lengths in front of anything else. Mr, Baud's Doubloon started favorite, but could not get near Fullerton, who is clearly very smart at a mile. In the three-year-old Biennial t&8 famous 'magpie' colors were seen out (for the first time since poor Archer's death) en Blanchland, by Maccaroon — Syringa. Lord Falmouth's colt met a fair field, including Jack o'Lantern.Devila hoof, Simonne, Beliaarius II , and Roger the Monk, and won handsomely in Webb's hands. Blanchland is now backed for the Derby at 20 to 1. On Wednesday Fullerton gave us another taste of his quality by carrying II lb. penalty successfully In the Rabraham Plate (handicap) over the Rowley mile, beating Oberon (4 yrs., 7 st. 11 lb.), Cambus More, Valentine, and Antonnia; Oberon was favorite, and seemed to have the race. in hand at the bushes, but died away opposite the grand stand, leaving Fullerton to win rather easily by a length, Cambus More third. A fearsome legend is current just now in the villages surrounding .Newmarket Heath. Every night at 12 (so the story goes) the ghost of poor Fred Archer, wearing the Manton scarlet (in which ha lost the Cambridgeshire) rides frantically across the heath mounted on a grey tho roughbred. Hundreds profess to have seen the spectre, and any scepticism oa this point ia very ill-received. The Derby favorite The Baron, who by the way it may not be generally known in Australia, belongs to Mr. Bordett Coutts, won the Craven Stakes easily on Thursday afternoon beating Mr. Porter's Kingsclere. The Baron is now freely backed for theb\\- event at Epsom at 3 to I. Lord l.yon, who won the 2,000 guineas. Oaks, and Leger of 1866, died at Croft etud on Easter Monday. He was not a great success as a sire, the i best of hia numerous progeny being Minting, Pla cida, Touchet, Poursuivant, and Biserta. . The novels most asked for at the libraries just now are Black's 'Sabina ! Zembra' and Edna Lyall'a ' Knight l Errant.' The latter, though not so good as 'We Two' or 'Donovan,' well 'deserves to be widely read. The hero is a young Italian named Carlo Don&ti;, who in order to watch over a weak and frivolous sister's morals gives up bo in a fortune and his lady-love, and embraces the (to him) distasteful career of an opera singer. The common Bense of the pro ceeding is rightly questioned by almost every personage in the book. One can not, however, help admiring Donati's character, whicn Miss Lyall has drawn with true artistic touch. Coarse, cynical, repulsive, and yetj ,m all probability, horribly true, is the veTdict which most people will pass on 'Dr. Phillips,' a realist' *tudy o£ vM- Gro. The writer gives his name as 'Frank Danby,'butunlessthat gentleman, and Mr. Geo'. Moore, of 'Mummer'a Wife' notoriety, prove to be identical ??????????aBaBaMHBlWBBMBiBBMMBMaBM Presently I ahaU be.BnrprisetL Dr. Phillips is a popnlar Jewish doctor, who, neverlhelesB, richer despises Jews. Be play* upon ibeir various little weaknesses and amuses Hmmlf by introducing to his wife and her set as a widow, a girl who Is really his mistress. Of this woman he even tually grows so fatuously fond that he MUshis wife with an injection of morphia inordertomarryher. Thewoman,nnfortn natery, has never really cared for him, and when the miserable man 1b making the culminating sacrifice for her sake, positively hates him. The story ends in . a young and perfectly unblemished Chris tian gentleman marrying this female fiend and carrying her off in triumph, The doctor at first contemplates shooting him self, but thinks better of the resolve, and finds consolation in the black eyes and caresses of a trim little parlor-maid. 