CHAPTER III. Continued. " Well," queried Peter, " it's plain enough for anything, isn't it ?" " Quite replied the Doctor laconically. Then he dipped his pen in the ink, and looked at Peter for instructions. The old man did not speak. " I'm waiting to write the letter to your lawyers," he said, and his voice had a curious, constrained sound, as if he spoke with an effort. But still the other held his silence, with his ferret like eyes fixed on his companion's face. " Young man," he said at last with solemnity, " you know something of Josiah Brown ; your face looks as if you had seen a ghost." " I !" exclaimed John, the blood rushing back to his face , " what makes you think that ?" " Well do you, or do you not ? " asked Peter, in a tone of a man who means to have an answer. " I ought to know if there is anything to be told. It'll make less confusion afterwards. You ain't got any right to see me leavin' all I'm worth to that young lady, pretty as she is and good as she is, if my own flesh and blood stands in need, and all Peter's sense of family ties revived within him. " It wouldn't be no ways fair." John paused, he was weighing Muriel's needs against other needs and desires. " I don't think," at last he said, " you'll have any answer whatever to this advertisement." " But how can you tell that ?" asked Peter still more persistently, " unless you know all about my kin, which you've no right to keep to yourself." This was quite right. John Hedley felt he was not justified in concealing what his honest face had unwittingly let the old man suspect, but all he answered was, "I assure you, on my word of honour, that you'll wrong no one I know anything of if you leave every penny you have to Miss Lake." " Doctor," said Peter, with great irritation, " I thought I was judge enough of faces to make no mistakes about honest men, but it seems I have not added you up right. I ain't goin' to rest until I know what you're hiding from me, and you shan't persuade me to leave what ought to go elsewhere to your sweetheart. That's plain speakin', and you can understand it." John Hedley's face grew first red and then very pale, he was too simple and single-hearted to have seen that reading of his confusion. " You should be careful, my good friend, how you insult a man with such words as those," he said, rising. " I will wish you good evening. Settle your affairs without my help, since you mistrust me, but be certain that if honesty had required me to tell you anything whatever, I should not have concealed it for an instant, least of all that my future wife might benefit by your hoarded money.' He spoke angrily, with his hand on the latch ; yet, as he glanced back at the infirm figure on the hearth, he felt a thrill of pity, which is nearest to love, for the suspicious old miser, whom the last few minutes had invested with a new importance. " Doctor, Doctor," cried the quavering voice after him, " are you going to deny an old man the last chance he has of foregathering with his own flesh and blood ? Come back here," he went on imperiously, " come and look me in the face and make no mysteries, for though I don't know your name, nor where you come from, nor anything else about you, it is borne in upon me that you are the one I have been looking for and had given up on. Tell me the plain truth." Thus adjured John Hedley turned back and once more sat down beside the old man's chair. " There are no means," he said quietly, " of proving satisfactorily a relationship which the last few minutes have suggested to me may exist between us - nothing but my own supposition. Had there been, I should not have felt justified in trying to keep you in the dark. However, as you insist on knowing why I changed colour on reading just now for the first time your advertisement, I will tell you the little there is to tell. My mother's father was a native of Carchester ; his name was Josiah Brown. He had lived a wild, roving life, in Australia in his early manhood, but married and settled down in later life. My mother, his only child, he named Patience, after his own mother, she also is dead. Now, all this may be mere coincidence, or it may be that you are really my grandfather's brother. As I said, it would be out of my power to find proof. Pray forgive me if my impatience just now pained you, or if I have raised expectations by my unguarded surprise." " Dear heart, dear heart !" gasped Peter, shivering with excitement. " To think how things come about and how they work out. Why, its quite clear he was Josiah. Who else could he have been ? Tell me that ?" " It seems a natural conclusion," answered John, with forced calmness ; " but that is a long way from being quite clear. I know little of the ways of lawyers, but I hardly think they would give credence to such a story." Peter did not attempt to answer ; he passed his trembling hands across his wimming eyes, and slowly moved his head from side to side. " Dear heart ! dear heart ! " was all he could say. " I'll just get to bed and think it over. Come and tell me about it again tomorrow. Come, and we'll talk lt over. Dear heart, dear heart ! to think 'o this ! Good-night to you. Good night, boy ! After this John Hedley went to Bristol terrace with a very strong impression that he was asleep and dreaming and that presently he should wake and find himself by the fire in his easy chair, with his book slipping out of his hands on to the floor. Past midnight, when he was preparing, after a long reverie, to go to bed, he was summoned by the night-bell. " It's old Master Brown, down by the Cathedral, as is took much worse, said the woman who stood at the door. 'It's my belief he's going fast, and that now't can do him any good, but he keeps on callin' for the Doctor, so I came just not to bother the old man in his death struggle. Otherwise it ain't no good your coming." John Hedley went out at once, and outstripping the messenger, stood for a few minutes by the bed of the dying old man. " Is he come ?" gasped Peter, as he heard the sound of footsteps. " Yes, l am here," answered John, bending over the pallid face and fast fading eyes, and taking in his firm clasp the hand the old man tried to hold out to him. The woman thought the Doctor was feeling his pulse. " There ain't much life left in him," she said in the loud, distinct whisper which women in her class always employ in a sick room. " Send her away," murmured the dying man, and when this was done he made one effort to collect his thoughts and to utter them. "You must have the money, my lad," he said, drawing John's hand down to his beating bosom. " I'm sure you are the right one. Your face has been looking at me all night, and I can see Josiah's face in your. It's honest money, and you needn't despise it. I wanted to benefit the sweet lassie but I can't rob my own kin." Snaggs and Taip have my will. You'll go to them, won't you ?" " Yes, yes, " returned John greatly mortified. Thank you for your good will to me." " Come a bit closer," said Peter, more faintly. " It's a great comfort not to die alone. I shall have plenty of company in a few minutes - all I've cared about - but I had no one here. God bless you and her my boy." John lifted the dying head, that the few remaining breaths might be less laboured, and the old verger passed to his long rest, leaning on the bosom of his long-sought next of kin. John and Muriel were married much sooner than they had dared to hope when they first pledged their word to one another. Part of Peter's long-hoarded wealth went to buy a country practice on the Devonshire coast, where Mrs Lake has most marvellously recovered her health and strength, and where Dr. and Mrs. Hedley are extremely popular, and as happy as the day is long. 