IRovdist. DAYS OF CRIME AND - YEARS OF SUFFERING Ay Auiobiookaphy. (Reprinted fromThe Australasian” of 1867 by Special Permission-) CHAPTER X. THE BITEB IS BIT AND HE BITES AGAIN. —■ On arriving at Maidstone I went to the Railway Inn, and remained there till the next morning. Not liking the house much, I removed in the course of the day to the Royal Hotel. As I always give the world a full account of my proceedings when I am lining others, it is only fair that I should be equally communicative when I get done myself. I affected billiards, and fancied I could play well. There was a billiard-room in the hotel, and to it I went on the evening after my arrival there. There was present a rather stylish-looking person, who intro duced himself to me in the course of the night. He told me he was an officer in the Royal Artilley, and had recently invented ' some wonderful rocket, which he gave a very hard name to which I forget. He invited me to play 7’ith him. I did so, and won £5 from him that night, promis ' ing to meet him there the next evening. But I was not to be done in that manner. I knew it was a common practice among sharpers to allow the victim to win some thing at first, and as I had some slight idea that the artillery gentleman’s munitions of war were furnished chiefly by his wits, I was not going to be plucked so innocently as he imagined. I met him the next night, but declined playing, alleging as a reason that I had been suffer ing from a nervous attack all day. The officer seemed by no means disappointed, but entered into conversation in the most degagi manner, and dually proposed to introduce me to a young lady to whom he was paying his addresses. I accompanied him in a cab some two or three miles out of Maidstone, but where I know not, and we alighted at a little cottage, into the parlor of which we .were immediately shown by the servant girl who opened the door. Nobody was there. In a few minutes a young lady, certainly not more than seventeen, made her appearance. I was introduced in the approved fashion_ “Miss Nelson, Mr. Hamilton,—Mr. Hamilton, Miss Nelson.” I have never seen Miss Nelson since that evening, but I retain a most lively recollection of her. She was good-looking, could sing charmingly, and had the most fascinating manner imaginable. Wine was introduced, and although 1 drank only a couple of glasses, it had such an effect upon me that I found it im possible .to keep my eyes open. Of the after events of that night I can remember but little. The next morning I awoke with a most splitting headache, and found myself in my own room in the Royal Hotel. I jumped out of my bed and dressed myself, and on examining my pockets I found that I had been robbed of all my money except a solitary £10 note, which, being in a separate pockfet, had either escaped notice or been charitably left me by the thief. All thieves are dread ful bad losers. I was no exception to the rule, and I could have cried for very vexa tion. I rang the bell, and asked the waiter how I came home the previous night. He told me that I was brought to. the hotel about one o’clock that morning ; that the gentleman who came with me in the cab said I had finished two bottles of claret, and was senselessly intoxicated; that he and the gentleman had carried me upstairs, and that the gentleman gave him half a sovereign, telling him to undress me and get me into bed. Of course I saw in a moment that it was a regular “ diamond cut-diamond ” affair, and as talking would not bring my money back, I said nothing of my loss. I have seen the “militaryofficer” since then. We worked together in chains in the same cart some few years ago, and I only recognized him by his telling the story of the “ young swell at Maidstone ” for the especial edification of myself and the other cart .parties. Having been so completely cleaned out, it behoved me to buckle to at once to re plenish my empty pockets, and as my funds would not adffiit of any letagthy finessing schemes, I w2s compelled to com mence immediate operations. That very day, with the zeal of ancient Strabo, I made myself completely master of the geo* graphy of the place, and before nightinot only knew how all the rooms were situated, but had made myself pretty well acquainted \- with the sort of people by whom they were tenanted. I know well enough that it it quite common for a well-dressed thief tc take apartments in an hotel and “barber’1 all the inmates ; in other words, to get up in the night, visit all the rooms, and stem as much as possible. This, in technical language, is called “Dancing a lushing drum.” Philosophers define instinct as “ knowledge prior to experience,” and as I certainly at that time was wholly without experience in such matters, I must have been under the guidance of the instinctive faculty. I didn’t go to bed that .night, but merely lay outside the bed reading. The book was of a moral and religious charac ter, but it failed to influence me ijith its arguments. By one o’clock the house was silent, and out I glided, like a ghost. I felt a little nervous on entering the first room; but, despite the model sys tem, I have been remarkable for good nerves on many a trying occasion, and on this first essay in the “ dancing ” line I was soon as cool as a cucumber. It would be dull work telling how I searched the clothes, made my way to the dressing table, pocketed purses, watches, chains, gold pins, and other articles that would produce “ money, and money in any way.” „ I visited four rooms, and then thought it time to return to my own. The next bedroom to that in which I slept was un occupied, and with the pocket-handker chief of a commercial gentleman whom I had somewhat extensively fleeced, I tied all the watches,‘"purses, etc., together, entered the empty bedroom, and placed them safely out of sight on a ledge up the chimney, keeping out a few sovereigns for my immediate use. Having done this in a neat and workmanlike manner, I retired At eight o’clock I jumped out of bed, slipped on ray trousers, and then rang the bell violently. A waiter very soon ap peared. “ Tell the landlord I want him ; fetch the police, I have been robbed in the night. Twenty-three pounds and a pro missory note for thirteen, my studs and my pocket-book, all gone. Who could have done it V The waiter didn’t let me go to the end of my sentence, for he ran to the landing and called out, “Here’s No 7 has been served the same.” Up came the landlord. He said he was sorry in the extreme; he couldn’t con ceive how the thing could have been done. No loss had ever been experienced in his house before. He was sirry, very sony. The police had been sint to inves tigate the matter, and he hoped they would succeed in tracing the robber. Four other gentlemen had been robbed The inspector of police came shortly afterwards, and looked into the rooms, and under the beds, as if he thought the thief might have taken a fancy to have a nap there, asked a variety of questions, took an inventory of the property lost, and then went away shaking his head and j looking remarkably wise. I remained at the hotel a week, gratis, for as no funds had arrived for me I told the landlord I should be forced to leave my bill *unsettled. Under the circum stances the landlord of course could not reasonably demur, and at the week’s end I left Maidstone, and proceeded by the coach to Chatham. I need scarcely observe that I had during the week removed the “goods and chattels ” from the chimney ledge, and conveyed them to Chatham without any fear of consequences. Suspicion fell upon the “ military gentleman,” for although not in the house on the night in question, he was well acquainted with the premises, and his sudden .disappearance was unac countable, otherwise than by connecting him with the robbery. Thus was my own safety secured, and I at the same time “ gratified a double grudge ”—against the world and against my particular antago nist. The money result of my night’s foray amounted to some forty odd pounds —just sufficient to keep me going while I struck out some fresh scheme for victimis ing the world. 