Miscellaneous,.^. Feats of Jockeys.--Frank \Butler; re marked, after one of nla races for tbo Derby, that be could have won on cither of tbo first thre&horsea;, I do not know who tbo otbor itwojockoya that opposed him were, but I can quite understand tbo thing being fea sible,. . Two men bad ridden their owjl horses in a race. After it was over,, the2"winner, who' only gained the verdict by a head, said.to his opponent, "Now, if you like,' I will obange^borses and run for the same amount again,1 weights and distances 03 before," i This the other jumped at, and, after duo time, it was run off, when, to his utter as. tonmbm'Bnti fcho loser ofthei-first race was again', beaten, andthe losing horse success ful,. ' " . Many instances are to be read of whore iockbya, after winning a race or match, have .persuaded some friend or master to buy tbo horea that was opposed to them and make a match w|tb the wlnnor, in which case tho I Result hos^een reversed, i The " Druid " records one or two instances j in- which the Chifneys accomplished foats of this sort, Of coui'so, sometimes It may happen, from their not considering tho beaten | horse quite up to tho mark at the time hg ran; but it is recorded also that, in well I known cases, they havo seen that ho has I not boon so handled as to make the most of him, A Curious Custom.-It is well kpown that in the olden times mauy holiday diver sions, and even occasional fairs, wore held within the precincts of English parish ehuiehes. For instance, in tho registers at Winchester there is to bo seen a cony of a mandate from William of Wykeham which forbids the celebration of games in the church and the churohyard of Kingston-on-Thames. It would appear, howover, * that even this strong measure did not prevent the practice of an ancient custom, of which little or no thing is known, excopt that it is thought to have been peculiar to Kingston, but which was carried on in tho church itself during divine 3erviee down to the beginning of this century, Tho congregation used to crack nuta during the sorvice on the Sunday beforo the eve of St, Michael's Day, Hence that Sunday was called " Oraek-nut Sunday." The custom was not restrained nor confined to the younger branches of the congregation, but practised alike by young and old ; and it is on record that the noise caused by the cracking was often so loud and so powerful as to oblige the minister to break up for a lime bis reading or his sermon until silenco was restored. The above custom was thought by on6 or two antiquarians to have been connected in some way or other with the choosing of bailiffs or other members of the corporate body on Michaelmas day, and was the usual feast which attended that proceed ing, " When the Brains are Out "-Two re. markablc and 'wonderful eases of recovery from bullet Wounds havo lately taken placo in London. In one case, that of a girl who was shot by her lover, the bullet is deeply imbedded in the head, too deep to .admit of any operation; yet tho patient has been dis charged from the hospital, convalesccnt, Tho other case was one of attempted suicide, the sufferer having shot himaolf in the head with a revolver,' In this:casQ, too, the bullet ia still in the brain, and In such a position as toprevent tho operation: of extraction. In spite of this, the patient has been discharged from hospital care, and it is said that ho suf fers no inconvenienco from the consequence of hia rash act, A curious coincidonco in connection with these cases ia that both shots wore fired on the same day, the nineteenth of June, and that both cases were treated in the London Hospital, " The times havo been," says Shakespeare, " that when the brains were out, the man would die." The poet puts theso words into the mouth of Macbeth, wbeu that wicked king sees the ghost of the murdered Ban quo rise beforo him, In the case just cited wc havo a roality which no poet could equal in romance, People walking about in the flesh with bullets in their brains are certainly far more wonderful things than spectres. These marvellous recoveries from what, a few years ago, would have meant certain death, must be credited to surgical skill and the modern antiseptic method of treating wounds. Tragic Use of a Telephone.-If we are to believe a story told by the Belgian corres pondent of the Figaro, the telephone has re cently been put upon novel duty in Brussels under circumstances of an extremely tragic character, A young lady of that city mis took, it appears, the civilities of a young man who visited at her parent's house for atten tions of a more serious nature, To her great surpriso and mortification, howevor, she learned fsomo little time ago that ho was en gaged to one of her friends, Shortly after she made the discovery the youug man re ceived a summons to place himself in tele phonic rapport with a friend who had some thing to say to him, The friend turned out to bo tho young lady who loved him not wisely but, as the sequel shows, too well, Without wasting time on preliminaries, she asked him'point-blank if it was true that he was going to marry Mademoiselle 1 Ho replied that it was quite true, " Then good-bye for ever," were tho- next words which reached his ears, and they wereimme-. diately followed by the report of a fire I arm,. The poor girl had lodged a revolver bullet in her heart. ,She had thus, with the aid of the telephone, made the man for whom she had aacrificed herself assist at her suicide, while putting it absolutely out of his power to do do anything to prevent it, A Dream Saves a Dog.^Thero was ! groat rejoicing in a certain household.in tho town of A-- one morning over tho restora tion-of a pot dog. The dog had been miss ing for three weoks, and even a three-lino advertisement in the local papers failed to discover his whereabouts, Tbo owner was plunged in grief at tho unaccountablc disap pearance of Dot, and was nearly prepared to suspect the neighbors of foul play, It also worried the almost life-long employee of the family, and one night his sleep was troubled by dreams in which ho constantly saw tho missing dog in an old, unused coll, partly filled up with dirt and ashes, beneath the aide piazza, He was ao deeply impressed by tho dream that he wna unable to sleep after midnight, and at six o'clock the next morning tho household was startled by tho sound of loud hammering on the aide piazza, Tho mafi was. removing the flooring, and, sure enough, when the well waa exposed to view, thero was the missing dog, alive and w'ell,(jfp'd "overjoyed at the prospect of libera tion, ' "Although confined three weeks in this narrrow: prison, without food or water, and air hot'of the purest, Dot seemed aa. lively iva ever, with no appearance of ema ciation, . A.Wonderful Oity.-The city of liondon is1 tho njoBt wonderful place in the whole world, and Ita frequenters the most wonder ful people, It is tho smallest of cities, but tho most valuable. It has an area of one Bquare mlle, but that one square mile pro ducea a rental of four millions per annum,and its inhabitanta pay one-seventh of tho general rates of the whole Metropolis, which has an area of one hundred and twenty square miles, Land is now sometimes sold in the country at about ten pounds per aore, which ia equal to a halfpenny per square yard, ' It has been gold in toe city at six hundred and forty pounds per squaro yard, In other words, the price af a square yard of land in Lombard street has realized a sum that would purchase a nice little freehold es tate in Berkshire of sixty-four acres, It is calculated that ton thousand peoplo enter tho city daily, Sundays excepted, in hope of making money without" tolling or apin ning." J535 