PHANTOMS OF THE PAST. A BUSH LEGEND. By E. Davenport Cleland. CHAPTER V. The next few moments were full of curious experiences for Frank. He had wondered that be could lie so close to the hut and not hare been seen by the woman when she came to the door. But his wonder increased four fold when the traveller passed close by his feet and did not look at him. And, moreover, the man's footsteps made no sound. Then it was that the thought flashed through Frank's mind that the things he saw were not of earth, but the phantoms of a past life. The feeling aroused by this conviction was compounded of curiosity rather than fear ; he recollected stories he had read where clairvoyants had been enabled to sheet home some awful crime to the man who had committed it but who, up to that time, had escaped detection. Could it be that he had been chosen by a superior power to be the medium through whom a similar thing was to be accomplished ? Perhaps so. The traveller had by this time reached the door of the hut, and had unslung his swag from his back. Looking at it, Frank noticed that in many places the walls of the hut were transparent ; these were where the slabs had rotted away, and where now only the ghost of the dead and gone timber remained. The chimney itself was nothing more than a shadow, and through the stones the ascending smoke could be seen. Through these visionary slabs, then, the interior of the hut could be observed. Frank looked directly into the living room. It was furnished with a table made of deal boards nailed together, and on which stood a lamp, some rough stools and a bunk which stretched along the wall on the side opposite the door ; an ordinary eight-day clock stood on a bracket against the wall. The woman was bending over the fire engaged in some work, but ever and anon she cast a glance behind her towards the door of an inner room. Frank looked in the same direction, but though he could see a bed and stretched upon it what appeared to be the figure of a man, he could not be sure. The light from the lamp did not make more than twilight in this inner place. But It was evident that the woman was not at ease. What did she expect to see issue from the room ?" " Good evening, Missus !" The traveller spoke. Frank heard him distinctly enough, but the voice sounded thin and lifeless. The tones were not those that should issue from a throat of flesh and blood. The woman turned and went to the door. " Could you let a chap stop here tonight ?" asked the traveller. The woman seemed oonfused, and hesitated for a moment. With one hand she picked at the edge of her apron. Then she said, in a voice which, though similar to the man's in thinness of tone, had yet the sound of recklessness in it. " You may stop if you like ; you can put your blankets on that bunk yonder." The she walked quickly to the door of the inner room, and without looking in, pulled it gently to. As she did so a shudder seemed to pass through her. Immediately afterwards, she laid the table with some bread and meat and tea, and invited the man to eat. He sat down at the table, and as he cut the meat he said : - " Where's your husband ; where'a the old man ? Won't he have any supper ?" " N-n-no. In fact, he won't be here tonight. He is - he has gone away." The traveller ate his supper in silence, then pulled out his pipe ; filled and lighted it, and then, gazing at the fire, remarked - " Guess I'd better pitch my camp down the creek. Won't do to stop here if the old chap's away." " You needn't do that ; my hus — the old man won't mind. An' more'n that, I am going away directly. I shan't be here tonight." The man looked at her with surprise. " Goin' away !" he exclaimed ; " why, where d'ye expect to get to at this hour ? I know the country about here, ancl there ain't a house nigher than the station, and that's across the range." The woman turned sharply upon him. " An' what's it to you where I'm going, I'd like to know ? Can't I walk to the station if I choose? Faith ! I hope I know my way there at any time o' night." " All right, missus ; you can go to blazes if you choose, I don't care. Then I needn't budge from where I am ?" " No ! you can sleep upon the bunk, and get yourself some breakfast in the morning, I'm going now. Good-night." The woman passed out. Frank saw her go through the door and close it, but then lost sight of her. The traveller unrolled his blankets, arranged them on the bunk, took off his boots and coat, and then lay down. The lamp was still alight, and the man continued to smoke. He lay at full length, with his hands clasped behind his head. Suddenly a slight noise in the inner room attracted his attention. Frank also heard it. It was a low moan as of someone in pain. The man partly arose from his bed and listened, leaning on his elbow. In the other hand he held his pipe midway to his lips. At first his face expressed nothing more than surprise or expectation, but when the bed creaked and then the door of the bedroom began to turn slowly on its hinges his expression changed to one of fear. When at last the door was completely opened and the figure of a man appeared, the traveller was motionless with horror. Frank shared his feelings, and indeed it was not to be wondered at. Into the full glare of the light shed by the lamp walked a man. He was elderly — fifty years of age perhaps - but yet good-looking. His features were aquiline, his hair and beard had once been black but were now streaked thinly with grey. His presence was commanding, six feet at least in height, and well-proportioned. In one hand he carried a doubie-barrelled gun. Nothing in this to cause fear, it may be thought ? No ! But what fascinated the gaze of the traveller and Frank was the sight of the man's shirtfront. It was red with blood. It hung limp and heavy from the quantity that had been shed upon it. His beard, too, was clotted with it He came into the room until he reached the table, and upon it he leaned heavily. " Don't move !" he said addressing the traveller. " Don't move, but listen to me or it will be the worse for you." The traveller made no sign of moving. " The woman who has gone out is my wife," continued the man. " She has gone to meet her lover. She pretended to love me, but has never done so. Today she tried to murder me." The man paused for a moment, and put his hand to his chest. He had great difficulty in speaking, and Frank noticed that his voice was thinner and more shallow than the the woman's or the traveller's had been. " She drugged me," he continued ; " she must hare done so, for I fell asleep after dinner, and then triied to cut my throat. See ?" The man raised his chin, pushed his beard on one slde and exposed a ghastly wound, some three inches in length, made across his throat. " But," he said, allowing his beard to again hang down, " she seems to hare been nervous or maybe a bit weak in the wrist She hasn't done the job anyhow. I've waited for her to go out ; I know she will return, and he - that other man, her lover - will come back with her. Then I will have my revenge. I only want that, only that." The man's voice had become weaker as he continued to speak. The last sentence was offered in a whisper, but a whisper so full of passion, so malignant, that it seemed to cut through the air with the keenness of a razor blade. Frank shivered as he listened. What was this he was forced to witness - was it a dream, or stem reality ? He could not tell. By this time the traveller had partly recovered from his fear. " If this ain't the rummest, * he began, when the husband interrupted him. " Silence ! Don't move if you value your life. Those people will be here aoon. They are coming for the money I have in a box under my bed. But you must help me. Are you afraid ?" " Am I afraid ? Don't you believe that, old chap; I ain't afraid." Well, when those people come, I am going to shoot them.* " Sarve 'em right too !" said the traveller. " But what am I going to do ? Guess I'd better clear." " You just move off that bunk and I'll shoot yer ! exclaimed his companion excitedly, raising his gun as he spoke. " No, I ain't afraid, but It's a darned queer thing to be mixed up in anyhow." " That don't matter ; you've got to see it through and bear me out in It afterwards if there's a court case about It, and there's sure to be one.* " Right, old man ; I'll see yer through. But suppose this 'ere other cove makes for me when he sees me here ? "" " Well you'll have to make for him that's all. Ain't ye got a knife ? Course yer have. Use that." * I'll tell yer honest I don't like it ! I'd better dear and leave the business to you. i ain't a chap what likes meddlin* with other coves' affairs, but more 'specially 'twlxt man and wife." The old man once more raised his gun in menace, but as quickly lowered it. " You are too late, yer coward. Here they comes ! Put out the light ! As he spoke he blew out the lamp, and the hut was dark save for the glow shed by the embers of the dying fire. At the same moment, Frank caught the sound of horses hoofs as they struck against the stones in the gorge leading up to the hut. He was desperately afraid, and would have cried out or moved if he could have done so. But some awful weight seemed to press him down and render him powerless. At every moment the sound of the advancing riders grew near and more distinct. CHAPTER VI. Glancing again into the hut, Frank saw that the old man had retreated to his bedroom and was lying down, and that the traveller feigned to be in a deep sleep. The deep silence was unbroken, save for the measured ticking of the clock, and the muffled sounds of the approaching riders. It appeared to him that nature was holding her breath in dread of what must happen. Only the clock was insentient, and mechanically told off the minutes that brought the punishment of misdeeds upon the heads of the evil-doers. The riders were very near the hut by this time. From his place on the ground, Frank could see their forms outlined against the sky - they were those of a man and a woman. Near to him stood a sapling gum tree, and towards this the riders directed their way, and on reaching it dismounted and made fast the horses to the trunk. They were not more than three or four yarda away from where Frank lay, and had they been living beings, they must have seen him. But they did not notice him, and he was not surprised ; he felt that the spirits of the dead were revealing scenes of violence in which they had played a prominent part. It did not occur to him to wonder why they should do so, for he had made up his mind that through him some great discovery was to be made and a hidden crime unearthed and sheeted home to the perpetrators. " Now then Sarah, let's look alive and get the job done. Where's a soft spot to make a grave for the old chap ? While I do that you get your things together, and search the place for his money. Wretched old miser. What'd he want to go saving up all he got ?" ° Hush ! hush !" exclaimed the woman, in a terrified whisper, as she ran round from her horse to where her companion stood. " What have I got to hush about ? Do you suppose I'll awaken him ?" " No, no ; but there is another man in there." " My God ! Sarah, what d'ye mean ? Have you set a trap for me ? But I'm not caught yet ; an' as sure as anything, you shall suffer for this !" Saying this he grasped at her throat, but she caught his hand and saved herself. " It's no trap, Bill : I couldn't help It. A traveller came and asked to stop. D'ye suppose I'd go back on you now, after what I've done for love of you ?" " Well, it's a pretty kettle of fish, anyway. Here's another cove got to die now for interfering with us. Pity you didn't tell me this afore we came ; we could have put it off till tomorrow." " No, we couldn't. If you don't take me away tonight, I'll never go. The old man haunts me now, and I cannot stay here. " Well, its ork'ard. However, it can't be helped. You'd best go in and settle that traveller, and I'll make a hole big enough to hold the two of them." " Oh, Bill, not that ! not that ! I won't - I can't. Look ! my hands are still red ! I can do no more. You must do the rest." " Well, come on then ; we are only wasting time talking here. I wonder if the cove's sound asleep ?" " Sure to be, for in his last pannikin of tea I put some of the stuff I gave Jim to make him sleep. I feel kind of sorry for the old man, Bill ; he was alius kind to me." " Oh stow that ! If you mean to whimper, you shouldn't ha' done it. No good a crying over spilt milk. Besides, yer was promised to me long before he came about, and made you think a bit ol money was a good thing. Look here, I ain't got my knife - what'll I do ? It's the best thing, 'cause it don't make no noise ; ain't there one about anywheres ?" « Y—e—s," said the woman, ahuddering as she spoke. I throwed one out on the ash heap, today." " Right ; then I'll go and find it." The man walked softly away towards a spot where a grey-coloured heap showed dimly in the starlight. Very shortly he returned, holding a butcher's knife in his hand. " Why !" he said, " it's that blunt it wouldn't cut nothing. How the deuce did you manage ?" During his absence the woman had leaned her clasped hands against the tree, and had buried her face in them. Frank could see that she trembled from head to foot. Inhuman though she had been, a reaction had now set in. The beauty of the night, the solemn stillness that reigned around, the sight of the hut in which, despite disparity of age, she had passed many happy months with the man she had so foully wronged, ail affected her, and touched that chord of fine feeling in her nature which she owned in common with her sex - a chord seldom altogether dead even in the breast ol those who in their depravity scarce reaemble women. How it would have been with her had some higher and nobler nature come to assist her at that moment, who can say? But the voice of the man who now spoke dispelled the better feelings - faint though they must have been - that had arisen within her. She must have had some consciousness that she had been dragged back to face the stem reality of her crime, for when she spoke her voice quivered with the agony of despair. " Hush, hush, for God's sake !" she cried, " Don't talk like that, Bill ; you'll drive me mad. Don't you ever mention that again - I want to forget - I want to forget !" She sank at the foot of the tree as she finished speaking ; and being startled by the suddenness of the movement, one of the horses lowered its head and snorted in fear; " You fool !" exclaimed her companion, seizing her by the shoulder and roughly shaking her. " Get up at once and help me sharpen the knife I" " Let us go, Bill ! Never mind going into the hut - leave everything and let us gallop away." The man laughed - a low, sneering mocking sound. it was. " D'ye think I'm a fool ! Come, get up, and let's be about the work. We shall have dawn upon us afore we're done, an' then where'll you be ?" The miserable woman obeyed and rose from the ground. What was she to think of drawing back now that she had done so much ?" Having begun, she must finish. Then the work of sharpening the knife began, and, strangely enough, the sound of this filled Frank with a greater horror than had any of the other sights or sounds he had seen and heard. At the present time, even though he is a grey-haired man, drawing near to the extreme of his life span, he cannot listen to the noise of grinding. With that sound springs up the remembrance of the awful night he passed in the confines of Little Hell. As has already been mentioned, the voices of the speakers had sounded thin and ghostly, but such was not the case with the noise from the turning of the grindstone. There was something horribly real and matter-of-fact about it. The sound was commonplace, and that very commoness seemed to throw out in bold relief, and to accentuate, the visionary insubstantial nature of the people who were acting. The spindle creaked as it turned in its socket, and the stone seemed to shriek with savage glee as the man pressed the blade against it. Frank turned his gaze again towards the hut. Everything inside was quiet and motionless, always excepting the pitiless clock, that still ticked loudly, and, to Frank's heated imagination, seemed to chime in with the noise of the grindstone. One measured out the time in which the murder was to be committed, and the other gleefully sharpened the instrument wherewith the deed was to be done. Frank looked at the traveller. He knew that he was not asleep. The drug given by the woman could not have been sufficiently strong. The sound of the knife being sharpened must have been heard by htm, and yet he lay perfectly still. But though motionless, the position of his body was not that ot a man in slumber. There was a rigidness about it that spoke of one ready to spring to his feet at the slightest alarm. But now the grinding ceased. The woman took her hands from the crank, and, with her face turned from her companion, stared stonily in the direction of the black hills that towered on every side The man felt the knife edge with his thumb and then strapped the blade on his foot. " This will do," he said ; " come with me." He turned from the stone and walked to the door of the hut, and carefully opening it, entered. The woman followed him, though very slowly, but instead of going in stood where she could see what was being done. Stealthily the man approached the bed where the traveller lay. Involuntarily Frank glanced at the clock. Its hands were within a minute of midnight. 