jS'AriND CiNiilllE. B y M. E. bn addon, blhot ol 'Lady Audloy'- Sacral,' Ktc. . XXXIX -Coriraom.yi a a.ience, ar, meinime .,uiu 'any InformationaBtohls birth not volooteo y B flnriou3 little man "rte anfl, e«e?t (or hi.' African Janes 'seemed to baa man without a jjperienoo , . wondered how hu b'.1 j h!n wilb Colonel Deverill oonld have 'rM anal Tbo two men seamed to have i'S common. From a good natured 10 . rather than for any partiou'nr iDPn he asked Mr. Melnotto to dinner, an Stion whioh was promptly aooepted. Iit ia always a pleaanre to visit snoh a l »nsyotJfe> Sir Adrian, he eaid; 'a a history. No doubi the Abbey lJ'yes!"TbaB a good many hiatoriea, or lr'iiiyehost8. Any elory ol a dark orima 'I1 'l bavheard ' ot neither ghost nor "'iWell it Is a noble old house, even thoot those embellishments,' aald Melnolte, Twlnlly, 'and tho park and gardene are St This 1b a tributary of the Chad, I Innnoie. Ibis river in your gronnds.' Fycll b nnitea wilb the Chad lower d< A swliti deepisb river, eh ?' 'Swift and deep.' 'Itmikos e very pretty feature in your \- noonds. Nothing liko water for givtog heaaty and variety to a landscape. To morrow ovoning, at eight, X think you eaid, Sir Adrian? Good night,' Mr Meinotte orosnod a roatio bridge and diiaPPCMcd in tho twilight' on the lurthor task/while Adrian strolled slowly along tho CJHo wis mot by Luoy Frcemantlo, who onoonsoioosly suggested a reminiBoenee of fituksipeare's Beatrice. 'I have been cent to ask you to oomo to Itt'Bbeaeid, blushing a little, her com plexion of mice ana roses looking brighter Sun ever in the grey winter atmoBphere. ' 'Yon wero very good to take bo mnoh trouble about me,' answered Adrian, as they shook bands. , , Ob, it wss no trouble, I am always glad ol a ran, Mother and I oame to call npon My Bolflold, and Lady Belfield was getting fidgstty about you," eo mother told me to ron and look lor you, and I guessed I should find you this way.' How oleverof you,' Iboy were on very friendly terms, Luoy fisvingknown the Abbey and the Abbey people ail her life, A few years ago when she had been in tho nursery Bhe had looked up to Sir Adrian ae a very grand personage, standing it were apart from all other yonng men npon tbe strength of a Buperior position and loperior attainments, but of late she had felt hericlf more upon a level with him, and more at bet ease in bis society. He aalled her Iiuoy, as a matter of oouree, having known her in pinafores, but eha called him Sir Adrisu. ' Is my brother at home?' he aBked, as they walked towards the Abbey. 'No, there ie no one but Lady Belfield and mother. Thoy are talking parish talk- about tbe poor old people and their ailments —such dreadful complications. How hard It teems that the poor ehould suffer in all ways. People who know nothing about them think they are boaltby and hardy beonuse of their semty fare and open-air life ; but when one comes to know them, one finds that theory a hollow mockery. Tbe open air may he very good lor us, but tho poor get too mnoh of it,' Sho spoke warmly, having jnst oomo from a teens of suffering in one of the oottages. She was a frank, warm hearted, energetic girl, fall and strong, in tbefull bloom of youth and beauty, a girl for whom life meant aotion and dnty, not dress and pleaanre. Yet at a county ball she danced as gaily as the most feather-headed of her sisters, and never com plained, as they did, of an evening being alow. Lady Belfield and Mrs Freemantle were 'Sitting by the firo in tbe inner drawingroom, the oosy tea table and biBsIng kettle between them, Tboy bad been joined by Mr. Book' -atone, who sat in one of the most lnxurioua of the large arm obairs, with hie lege alrelahed ant in front of the hearth, backing in the glow of a friendly fireside, after a long day among his poorest parishioners. They were talking of Valentine. 'He onght to make an effort, my doar lady Bslfield,' eaid tho V,car. 'The blow tbat has fallen upon him is a heavy one, but it is almost unmanly to sucaumb as he has dono, His whole boing is nndergoing deterioration. He has brooded upon the ono great wrong until hie soul has beoome eteepod in gall, Ho ie a misanthrope at an age when men generally love their fellow creatures. Scmotbicg m ' ut be dono to cave him Irom himself.' 'Yob, something must .bn done,' eahoed Mrs. Freomantlo. ' I . in terrible to ace a fine young man liko Valentine lapaiu info physical and moral dcoay. My husband . tells me that be ehuna all hia old friends — dees not even show at the meet, and ridea in away that ohowa be oares no moro for other people's lives than he doas for bis own. Hs ooght to goto Australia.' 'That is (be remedy, Mrs. Freemantle,' said the Vioar, ' a now . country — Australia, or lbs Bed Biver district— a now and not too SiZ country— utterly new surroundings. That hind of thing is your only Aethe ; the only remedy Jot a mind diseased, I know it would grieve yon to part with him, my bear Lady Belfield, bat you would have him Sou m '.wo <" three years, a new man. Whereas, if you let him stay here, deoay ie inevitable. You remember what Diokens lays about the dry rot in a man. Im afraid poor Valentine's ia a ease of dry rot.' would do anything for bis welfare — Unifies anything,' replied Lady Belfield, . 'Jhon you and Adrisn must put your p 'BBther and persuade him to travel ; Lalllornia, Texas, Bed Biw, or even Africa, in u „ 1c'0fl shooting antelopes, or dealing X- ? ?f8, Yon oan take advantage of jeis Mr, Meinotte, who ie a mighty traveller, ano grand thing is to rouse Valentine from >s present apathy, and eet him going in some wy. . j.am entirely of yonr opinion, Vioar,' Baid JwiUn, ' My brother wantB now surround- A yonng man without aims or intoreelB, opmg away hie life in a ooantry plaoo, is a 4ftT0lao,e. I will tako him in hand lo af.!,?5' 8at Adrian,' exolaimed Mrs. k.n'u"0. . ' P have known yon and yonr , 00 lo be able to see either of ti? ,0n8 without Bpeaklng my mind,' \hh B? f,'f ronn3 the fire for Borne time after bl»z'e nl iv, "'."."y things, enjoying the ol i . J 5 great pine logs, and the aroma 5'y,B 'field's .excellent tea-bul two u . wore..hoavy at heart, oheorful be S-Hnnnrnl tona of the conversation might thi_ .0t Adrian there had been no snob linrf HI ??PP'neas, or even pesos of mind, loin, a' night. His life had been one MBg pretenoe. VaW?' hunting day, and on snoh days html .!! ?'waye ets.yod ont among the g. _ ' :?y nppearlog nntil after dinner, ol eioiiu 80eae into the bouse on tbe elroke cloth.. m aP"> and would bo otaanging bjs WonM i® "le others wero dialng. He littl«.»hi .l.0M between nine end ton, at a J0 » front of tbe bllllardroom fire. He With » 0 a gourmand, but he ate now what i,. i ' a man who hardly knowB «ervsnt...iu,.®a"D8— taking anything the than we. kfe'ore him, and drinking more > wss good for bim! little si.. I0' 00 appreoiation of a nioe It don't 5a'.®. Andrew, despondently, Mstrahl! .. tnhe pains ab nt it, Mrs. Of beroniiai ok. Give him bottle dinner 1 an? the liquor stand offer There 00 ue5,i0118'' fltinhlng,Wii".u 1 re of those oherry te»- tjpon " "6 mother aftor the day'b odveniotei rL'8 reoi,a,a of 'he day's "fn the mortii. young man went out alone 'heme in iS, nnd silent ; he eime Watched him ?®0 t'mper, H's mother bad ' tte aonthfw.«??l'etu?,u'' hoping that as 'stover- w l? h® brnuea spirit wonld -g— ,_L. onlv ti, dffpen f 'P.clu -ir.tgeu.uu. w.u. uia .uibor.' thai, abiUii>s giuuur, uuu ' u. ,,,, Q„0 tnau i grown hopeless' '' -Thus it was that she was ready to reoeivo any plaoeible suggestion ni was lata . on this particular evening, and. it .was notiuotil half-past nine tbat he was ready, for his dinner. " ! I'll go and talk to him alter he has dined, said Adrian, who had been .iingoting ovo de/se't with his mother, trying to ohesr hot with the promise of brighter days. .' Do, dear. For pity'b sake infiaonos him for good.- I em helpless, His mind is a sealed book to me, He has never aon tided in me from the time of his boyhood, He has taken his own Way always, for good or for evil.' " \ Valentino was sitting in a Glastonbury oliair in front of the wide .fireplace, the burgundy deoanter before bim, almost ompty. The lampa over the billiard-table wero nnlighted, and the apaoioue room was half in shadow. The firelight fliokerod on gnns and swords irithe'reooss at tho further end, and thore wae a oirole of soft light round tho. spot where Valentino sat from the shaded eotza lamp on tho small Suther land table, ' A good ran, VI ?' asked Adrian, seating himself opposite his brother, ' Pretty good.' ' ' Yon must have killed uncommonly late.' ' Wo killed at sunset, on PlimpBted Ridge.' \- But that meanB five o'olook, and a three- qiaitore of an honr'B ride home. Where have you been sinoo V. ' I don't know.' ' V.'. . 'Valentine.' . <<! i . ' Don't stare at me, man 1 I tell yon I don't know. I have been riding about somewhere— losing myself , on tho moor, if yon liko. Great God, if I could only lose myself altogether— ride away Into some enohantod valloy, and go to sleep there for ever.' It was almoot the first time bo had spoken openly of bis despair. From the hour of the crime nntil now there had been no aon- fidenoe between tbe brothere. They had lived together, and talked of the daily busi ness of life, bat tbero had been an im passable gulf botwixt tho poet and the preeent. By mutual ooneent they had been dnmb. But to-night ' Valentine was utterly worn ont in mind and body, fagged, helpless, nervous. That powerful frame and strong self-reliant temper had been broken by tho slow agonies of remorse. Brutal as tbe man's nutaremigbt.be, oonsaienoe was not dead in him. It had awakened in tbe hoar when he fonnd himself .alone' alter biB crime— face to faoe with the memory of a mnrder. It had never slept Binae. ' I Valentine,' began Adrian, earnestly, ' yon are leading a miserable life, Things cannot go on like this.' ' You mean the! I bad better do ae yonr orimlnal of the lower olasaes sometimes does under snob aironmstsnoes — give myself rip — walk into Freemantle's -study to-morrow morning and tell him that' I killed my wife. Is that what you mean ?' ' No; It is too late for tbat course. What I mean is that yon mast leave the eoene of yonr misadventure. Yon have lingered here too long. You muBt go away — to another continent — Afrioa, Australia, wherever you oan find the resources wbioh will give you moat relief of mind. The past is past, Val. There ie no help for that. Let it -be past, You have suffered for your Bin of a moment in all the long months that hqvo gone by sinoe that fatal night. You will Buffer more or less to the end.' ' More or less, no doubt; I have the privilege of an excellent momory,' answered Valentine, with qnivering lips, staring gloomily at the fire, the inoarnation of despair. ' Your self-torture aan do no good to yon or to anyone else. Far away, in the wild free life whioh suits your temperament, you will at least suffer less. Anything would be better than the stagnation of your ex- istenoe here. ' You are right. Anything would be better — hue I think the beet would bo death.' \ 'Don't say tbat, Val. Men have outlived worab sorrows tbau yours.' .."Men are made of very hard wood, and I flattered myBolf— till last summer — that I was teak or iron-wood ; but tho dry rot of remorse has got into me, ail the same. I am worm-eaten to the very eore. Yes, I think you are right, Adrian. I must get away from this plaoe, if I don't want to beoome a howling lunatio. I havo stayed hero in a kind of gloomy despair, thinking that I oould hardly be mora miBorablo here than anywhere else— bat you are right. I have etayed too long I will stay no longer, Here I am a oau-e of misery to others as well as to mysolf. In tbe desert — or the bush— I shall be my own man again. There Will be no need far hypocrisy. I could lie on the ground fsao downwardB and groan aloud without anybody calling me to so- oount. . ' Your mind wilt olear and lighten faoa to faoe with unsophisticated nature, Val,' eaid Adrian, who sbroughont this oonversation had spoken wilb ineffable tenderness. ' Yon will bBgin n now life. Even the memory of your sorrow will be softened in' -that far-off atmosphere. You will look baok npon yonr old aelf gently, 'as we remember tbe dead. You will havo opportunities of helping others — of doing brave and generous deeds; You will he born again, a batter and a wiser man. My brother— my beloved - brother, tbe etoond half of myself, I have infinite faith in you yet.' Ho laid bis band caress. iDgly upon his brother's shoulder. He felt as if a great harden waB lifted off bis heart by this conversation of to-night. For the first time einae tbe catastrophe that bed wreoked both their liveB, the brothers had spoken together freely. It was like a re newal of brotherly love. My dear Adrian, you aro a great deal too good to mo,' said Valentino, and this from bim was much. ' ' You must go away, Val ; but you must do nothing hurriedly. Mrs, Freemantle was talk ing about you to my mother this afternoon, saying- that you looked 111 and mopish, and needed change. My mother admitted the feet, and it was agreed that you should be persusded to travel. Yonr departure will therefore seem porfeotly natural to all this tittle world of Obadford. There will be no appearance of flight. Allyon have to think of, therefore, is the plaoe to whioh you would like- to go — all you have to do - is to follow the bent of yonr own inclination.' I I will go to Afrioa. There ia better sport there than in Australia — and a freer life. If yoo deoide npon Afrioa, Meinotte may be of qbo to you.' I don't like Melnotto, and I don't believe in hie Afrioan experiences. I strongly sus pect tbat tho man is an impostor. He is too glib.' . 'But hiB stories of adventure hive a vivid air, as if he bad lived among the Boenes and people he deioribes.' . ' The fellow is a good aotor, tbat is all. Some rowdy adventurer whom tbo Colonel has piokod np in a gambling den, Melnolte may have been to the (Jape, perhaps. His experiences in the interior I rank aa sheer fiotion.' t This idea agreed eurionely with Adrian s own vague enspieions as to Mr. Melnotte'e trntbfnlness. Those Afrioan ctorlea of bis were rather too good and too piotnresqne to have happened to one traveller. Tbe average man's experiences are doll enough. They ring the obangea npon famine, fever and pert. But Meinotte seemed to have passed from hairbreadth escape to romantiositnation, from dramatio encounter to plotoresqoe rescue, with an eleotrioal hrlllianoy. He had slain bis lions by the horde, and shot bis gemsbookB in heoalombB. There wss ex aggeration, no doubt ; but whether tbe men were en actual impoater remained to be proved. ' . . , , ' I don't want anybody a advice ? said Valentine decisively. 'Il l can once braoo myself up to leave this piece, I shall go to London, get the kind- of outfit I think neoessary, and then sail for tbo Capo. Ones there I oan piok up the information I want about the Interior, and I shall plan my route from there.' i :' When will yon start ?' ' , ' I shall go to London by an early train I to-tnorrow— and to the Oepo; by' the first I good steamer that can earrymei there. I 'To. morrow? That's : soon;' I ' 1 ' Why abculc. Tdi la ? .1 hove been' stay: ug Ueiju ,aa» W iiaoo W11U a epeutri— ucil a man In a nightmare dream, who faoek somo great horrorand oannol move band' or foot. Tho.aopoor I go. .tbo bettor1 Let me go to London with you. Val. I should liko to see you off.' 'No, no, lam not fit company tor. my fellow men yet awhile. Perhaps alter ten ycKS in Afrioa I may be better, Lkt me suffer my purgation, Adrian. Let me wrestle wiih the memory of ein, as Jacob wrestled with the angel— and than parbaps- someday — with a stifled sob, ' I shall be better worthy ol.your unselfih love— and ol mv mother. ' , 'God help you to pardon and forgetfulnese, Val. But let me go to London with you," ' No, I want to be aione there. I have something to do. I will wire to yon before 1 sail, and tbeD, if there wore timo, and you would like , to oomo and shake hands at parting . ' Be Bute I will eome, if you givo mo the obanoe. It will oomfort the motbor to hear of you at the last moment of leavisg. She would like to be there herself, dear soul, if yon would let her.' , _ ' Dear soul, poor soul,' murmured Valen tine, with a remorseful tenderueaB whieh wbb strange to his rough nature. 1 She has given me honey, and I have given her gall, I have beon a fountain of bitterness to you both But it is past. You are strong in love and in mercy. Good night, and good-byo, till I eail. I ahail.be off early to-morrow morn ing.' ' But yon will bid your mother good bye,' 'Most I? That will be hard. 1 should liko to Blip away without ' any leave-taking, I would write to her from London,' 'Bhe would. be heartbroken if you left hot tike that,' ' Perhaps you aro right. It is tbe weak. nssB of her oharaoter to bo fond of mo, I'll see hor in the morning before I start, Sho will bo happier when I am gone— safe and happy — with yon. You ought to marry, Adrian. Yon owe as mnoh to my mother ae well as to yonrseif. There is Luoy Free mantlo, who has been in love with you for tbe last five years. ' ' Valentine.' 'It's, a true bill, I've seen the growing passion from the time Bhe left off short frooks and long hair. Yon have been her idoalfrom tho day she left the norsery — porhaps before, I daresay she wae often thinking of you over Pinnook or Lingard. Marry her, Adrian, She has not one of the attributes of the typioal girl, and will make you a true and honest wife.' 'I will wait till my timo eomos, Val,' answered Adrian, with a Bad smile. 'It biB not come yet.' Lsdy Belfield was always an early riser. Sho was in her garden next morning, looking at tho first clusters' of snowdrops, whito agairisMhe whiteoeBs of tbe hoar frost, when Valentine joined her, clad for a journey, in fnr-lined overcoat and deer- atalker oap, ' Mother,' be'bejgan abruptly, 'Adrian and I had u long brotherly talk last night, and he advised me to try change of soeno ae a euro tor bitter memories, I am going abroad tor a spell,' 'Yes, dear. Y es, it will be a good thing, I am snro,' answered hie mother, paling suddenly at the mere thought of a possible parting, 'but you will not be going just yet. Yon will take time to think about it.' 'I am going at ouao. You know I was never given to irresolution, I have done most things, for good or evil, on the spur of the moment. I am off by the 8.35, My portmanteaux have gone down to tbo stable yard. I shall stay a day or two in town, and then sail for the Cape.' 'FortheOape! That Is eo far, Val, Why not to Italy or Spain.' ' Tamo, hacknoyod, intolerable. The holi- day ground of self-opinionated Yankees arid psrsanally.oonduoted Cooknevs. No, if ohange of soeno is to do mo any good, If I am to get out of mysel', I must get face to face with nature. Afrioa is the plaoe far me. Don't bo afraid, dear mother. The Dark Continent is as safe a solitude as Home Bay.' ' And you are going— this morning?' ' At onae. The dogcart ie waiting for mo, Good-bye.' He clasped bis mother in his arms, kissed her as he had not kissed her for years — hardly sinoe ha was a schoolboy. Hia own eyes were not inncoont of tears as he rushed away, leaving her to sob out her sorrow in tbe quiot shrubbery walk whioh her footstops had so often troddan. Never had sho felt more dosalate than in this parting with tbe wayward and beloved eon, and yet she told herself that it was well he wore gone. Any thing must be better thin to see bim as he had been sinoe laBt August. Tbe South-western railway conveyed Mr. BslSold to Exeter, bat in tbe janotionBtatlon there, he had a ohoioe of trains, and the Great-western BUltod htm best on this occa sion. He oroEBod from ono platform to the other, took his tiaket for Paddington, and asms out upon tfco jlapartarc platform cf the Great-western, under the big oluok. Tho platform was not so orowded as usual, and the train wbb not due for fivo minotes. As he walked slowly towards the end of tbe station, Valonti'ie passed a man whose faoe flashed npon him with a sadden siokoning of the heart and weakening of the limbs, like the sight of a ghost in high noon. The wintery sun shone upon thoso palo and high-bred featnres. Ho saw tho faoe looking at bim, half in hatred, half in soorn, and ha oould not givo back seem for soorn, bate for hate. Ho who had never feared bis fellow.men, siokenod at tho Bight of thin mac, and paeeedon with quiokened step, and eyes looking eteadily forward, protondiog not to eee that familiar faoe, the faoe of tbe nun who had stolen hie wife's heart. St, Auetell stopped and looked baok at him; 'As I am alive, that was the faoa of a felon, bo said to himself, 'and tho mystery of Helon's fate is darker than any of ae dream of. That man dared not meet my eye— although it was his plaoe to heetor and mine to quail. There was guilt ia that look,' He was on his way westward. Sinoe that meeting at the Badminton, he bad been much disturbed in bis mind about bis lost love. Piaklo as the provious experience of his life had proved him, ho had not yet forgotten Helen. The year whieb Mrs. Baddeley had allowed for tho duration of his passion was not yet onded, and it may be tbat the disappointment and misohanoe wbioh had attended thia . particular intrigue, bad intensified bis feelings. He would bavo for- . feited ten years of bis life to have found Helen, and won her for his own, bat tboro was that in her husband's aoaatenanoe whioh obillod his eonl. He had half a mind to follow Valentine Belfield, and tax him then and therewith foul play. He bad no evidenoe, exoept the mysterioue oiroumatanoes ol the wife's disappearance, and that gailty look in the, husband's faoe— but the two togetber brought conviction to St. Austell's mind. (to sb comisdsd. 