LIKE AND UNLIKE. BT'M. E. Brawkjf, Author c! ‘ttfly Audlej'i Becrel,* Kto. Ciiai-teh XXXIX —(Continued ) mere was a silence, mr. Melnotte am "not volunteer env information ae tobts birth or parentage. He was a curicus little man i in this wiee, and, except for bis African I experiences, reemed to be a man without _a history. Sir Adrian wondered how bis friendehip with Colonel Deverill oonld have come about. The two men teemed to have eo little in common. From a good natured j impulse, tatber then for any partiou'ar reason, be arktd Mr. Melnotte to dinner, anj Invitation which was promptly accepted. j ‘It ie always a pleasure to vieit enoh a hence as jonrs, Sir Adrian,’ he said; ‘a house with a history. No doubt the Abbey hae its history.’ * Ye§. Jt has a good msny histories, or traditions.' ‘ Any ghosts. Any etory of a dark crime in the remote past ?' ' I bare : heard of neither ghost nor * Well, it is a ncble old bouse, even without those embellishments,' said Melnotte, cheerfully. ' and the park and gardens are perfect. This le a tributary of the Chad, I suppose, this river in your grounds.' * Yes, it nuitee with the Chad lower ■A Bwlfr, deepith river, eh?‘ ‘Swift and deep.' ‘It mikee e «ery pretty feature in your grounds. Nothing like water for giving beauty and variety to a landscape. To morrow evening, at eight, I think yon said, Sir Adrien J Goodnight.’ Mr. Melnotte croated a ruetio bridge and disappeared in the twilight on tbe tortber hank, while Adrian atrollod slowly along the -cypress walk. He wa« met by Lney Freemantle, who ttnconsciousl; suggested a remlnheenec of Shakespeare's Beatrice. ‘ 1 have been sent to ask you to oome to \- tea,’ she said, blushing a little, her eom plexioo of lilies and rotsa looking brighter than ever in the grey winter atmosphere. ‘ You were very good to take eo mueh trouble about me,' answered Adrian, ai they •hook bands. ‘ Ob, it was no trouble. I am alwaye glad of a run. Mother and I oame to call upon lady Belfield, and Lady Belfield waa galling fidgetty about you, so mother told me to cun and look tor yon, and I guessed I should find yon this way.' ' Bow elever of you.' They were on very friendly terme, Luey bavingknowaibe Abbey and the Abbey people all her life. A few yean ego when she bad t>een in the nursery the bad looked up to Sir -Adrian ae a very grand penonage, standing SB* it were apart from ell other young men vipon the strength of a aoperior position and asuperior attainments, but of late ebe had fell fiiemlt mote open a level with him, and more •t her ease in his society. He called her Xucy, aa a matter of course, having known tier in pinafores, but the called him Sir ' Is my brother at home ?’ be asked, ae they wa.lted towards the Abbey. ‘No, there u do one but Lady Belfield and another. They are talking parish talk— •bom the poor old people and their ailments —anch dreaeful complications. How hard It •eems that the poet should suiter in all ways. People who koow nothing about them think they are healthy and hardy beoause of their scanty fare end open-air life ; but when one cornea to know them, one finds that theory a hollow mockeiy. The open air may be very good for oe, bet the poor get too much ef »t.r She speke warmly, having just oome from a scene of suffering in one oi the cottages She was a freak, warm haarted, ensrgelio girl, tall and strong, in the full bloom of youth and fceaoty, a girl tor whom life meant action •nd duty, not drees and pleasora. Yet at a county ball ehe daneed a* gaily ae the moat leather-headed of her sisters, and never com plained, as they did, of an evening being Lady Belfield and Mrs. Freemantle were sitting by the fire in the inner drawingroom, tbe cosy tea table and hissing kettle between them. They had been joined by Mr. Bock* •tone, who cat in one of the most luxurious cf the large arm chain, with bia lege stretched out in front of the hearth, baeking in ibe glow cf a friendly fireside, after a long day among bia poorest parishioners. They were talking of Valentine. ‘He ought to make an effort, my dear -Lady l'.slfield,’ said the Vicar. ‘The blow ~ that baa fallen upon him ie a heavy one, but it ie almost unmanly to succumb as be ha* dene. Hit whole being is undergoing deterioration. He has brooded upon tbe one .great wrong nntil hie loul has become •teeped in gall. He ia a misanthrope at an age when men generally love their fellow creatures, Something muei be dene to save him from himself.' ‘ Yee, something must be done,' echoed Mrs. Freemantle. ‘ It is terrible to see a fine young man like Valentine lapsio, into physical and moral decay. My butband Sell* me that be shuns all hie old friends— does not even show at the meet, and rides in • way that shows be earn no more for other people's lives than he does tor bia o wo. Ha eogbt to goto Australia.' ‘ that is the remedy, Mrs. Freemantle,1 eaid the Vioar, 'anew country—australis, «r the Bed River district—a Dew ana cot too civilised country—utterly new eurrcundiDge That kind of thing is your only Aetbr ; tbe only remedy tor a mind diseased. I know ii would grieve you to part with him, my dear Lady Belfield, but you would bave him back in two or three years, a new man. Whereas, if you let him stay here, decay is inevitable. Yen remember what Dickens eaye about tbe dry rot iu a men. Im afraid poor Valentine's is a ease of dry rot.' ‘I would do anything for bis welfare— caerifice anything,'replied Lady Belfield. ‘ Tbcn you and Adrian must put your head! together and persuade him to travel ; California, Texas, Bed Biver, or even Africa, if he fancies shooting antelopes, or dealing in buffaloes. You can take advantage tf this Mr. Melnotte, who is a mitbty traveller. The grand thing ia to rouse Valentine from hie present apathy, and set him going in some way.' ‘ I am entirely of your opinion, Vicar,’ said Adrian. ‘ My brother wants new surround, iegs. A young man without Bimt or inters sir, moping away his life in a country place, is a eorry spectacle. I will take him in hand to ■ Do, my dear Adtfks,' exclaimed Mrr. Jfreemont’.e. ‘ I bave known you and ycur brother too long to be able to see either of •you going wrong without speaking my mind,’ They eat round tbe fire fer Borne time after -this, talking ef many things, enjoying the blaze of the great pine logs, and the aroma of Lady Bslfield's exoellent tea—but two among them were heavy at heart, cheerful aa tbe general toes of tbe oonvereation might be. For Adrian there bad been no »och thing ae happiness, or even petes o( mind, einoe that fatal night. His life had been one long,-pretence. It rose a hunting day, and on such days Valentine always stayed out amoDg the latest, rarely appearing until after dinner. He wocld come into the bouse on tbe stroke of eight, perhaps, and would be charging hie clothes, while the others were dining. He would dine alone between nine end ten, at a littletable in front of the billlardroom fire. Be * bad nover been a gourmand, but be ate now with the air of a man who hardly knows -what he is eating—taking anything the servants set before him, and drinking more than was good for him. ‘ He ain't got no appreciation of a nice little dinner,’ said Andrew, deipocdently. ‘ It don’t pay to take pains a (not it, Mrs. kfarrable, ae I tells cook. Give him a bottle of burgundy, and the liquor stand after dinner, and he asks dq question).' There was no more of thoie cherry tea drinkings with the mother after the day’s sport; bo more recitals of tbe day's adventures. The yonqg man went out alone Jo the morning, moody and silent; be came borne in the came I am par. Hie mother had watched him in quiet grief, hoping that aa the months went by the braised spirit woold XEOOVer: bet tlmn F^mrd only tor deepen ■FaMnbro ty spatial smspassi art* We author. tbal abiding gloom, and of late the had grown bopelcu, - Tbosit was that sha wa* mdy.to kaeeive an; plausible suggestion. He was late on this particular evening, and it mi not dnlil ball-put nine tbat be was ready for hit dinner. ‘ I’ll go and talk to bha after be baa dinod, Mid Agrian, wbo bad been lingering pm deetattfintb bie mptber, trying In cheer »r with the promise of brighter days. • Do, dear. For pita's take luflucnee him for good. I am helpless. His mind is a sealed book to me. He bsa never con tided in me from tbe; time of bie boyboed He baa taken bit own way .always, (or good or for evil.’’, ' ‘i .• Valentina was’sitting in a Glaetcnbory chair in front of the .wide fireplace, the burgundy decanter ke’ore bim, almcat empty. The lamps over tbe billiard- table were rmlighted,' and the- spacious room was half in shadow, Tbe firelight flickered on goni and swords in tbe recess at tbe fuitber and, and there was a cirole of soft light round the’ epot where Valentine sat from the shaded, oolza lamp on the (mall Sulber land table. ... 1 A good ran, Val V asked Adrian, seating himself opposite bis brother. • Pretty good.’ ' Yoo most have killed oncommonly late.' 1 We Killed at sonret, on Plimpsted Ridge.’- ... i ‘ Bat that meane five o'clock, and a three qaartere of an bonr’e ride borne. Where have yon been since!' • I don’t know.' ' Valentine.’ ‘ Don’t stare at me, man 1 I tell yon I don't know. I bave been riding about somewhere—losing myself on the moor, if yon like. Great God, if I could only lose myself altogether—tide away Into some enobanted valley, and go to sleep there for It was almost tbe first time he bad spoken openly of hie despair. From the hour of the crime nntil now there had been no con fidence between tbe brothers! They had lived together, and talked of tbe daily bnai neea of life, bnl there bad been an im passable roll betwixt lh» past and tbe present.’ By motual consent they bad bten Bat to-night Valentine waa utterly worn out in mind tnd body, fagged, helpless, nervous. Tbal powerful frame and strong •elf-reliant temper had been broken by tbe •low egonies of remorse. Brutal ai tbe man's nature might be, conscience waa not dead in him. It had awakened in the hoot when be found himself alone after his crime (aoe to faoe with the memory of a morder. It had never elept sines. ' Valentine,’ began Adrian, earnestly, 1 yon are leading a miserable Ufa. Things cannot go on Uke this.' * Yon mean that I had better do aa yonr ■criminal of the lower oUeeee sometimes decs under such riraametenees—give myself op— walk into Frsemantle’a study to- morrow morning and tell bim tbal I killed my wife. Is tbat wbat yon mean ?' ' No. It ia too late for that oonrse. Wbat I mean ia that yon moat leave the teene of your-misadventure. You have lingered here too Ioog. Yon most go away—to another continent — Afrioa, Australia, wherever yon ean find tbe resources which wiU give yoo most relief of mind. The peat! ia paat, Val. Tbete is no help tor that. Lai j it be past. Yon have suffered for yonr sin of a moment in aU tbe tong mouths tbat have gone by sioae that fatal night. Yoo will suffer more orlesa to the end.' 1 Mora or less, no doobt. I have the privilege ol an (xoeUeol memory,' anewared Valentine, with quivering lips, staring gloomily at tbe fire, the incarnation of despair. * Y'our aelf-tortoie oan do no good to yoo or to anyone else. Far away, In Ibe wild free life whieb suit* yonr temperament, yoo will at least SLffer less. Anything woold ba better than the stagnation of your ex istenoe here. ' You are right. Anything weald bo better —fact I think the beet would be death.' 'Don't say that, Val. Men have outlived worse sorrows than youra.' * Men an made of very hard wood, and I flattered myself—till last rammer—tbat I was tsek or iron-wood ; bnl tbe dry rot of remoree bee got into me, all tbe aame. 1 am worm-eaten to the very eore. Yes, I think you are right, Adrian. I mast get away from this place, if I don't want to become a bowling lunatic. I bare stayed here in a kind of gloomy despair, thinking that I eonld hardly be more miserable here than anywhere else—bnt yon are right. I bave stayed too long I will itay no longer. Here I am a oau-e of misery to others as well as to myself. In Ibe desert—or tbe bosh—I shall be my own man again. There will be no need for hypocrisy. I eonld lie on Ibe ground faoe downwards and groan aloud witboot anybody oalling me to ac ' Your mind will clear and lighten faoe to fsoe with unsophisticated nature, Val.' said Adrian, who throughout this conversation had epoken with ineffable tenderness. ' Yon willbsgin a new life. Even Ihe memory cf your sorrow will be softened in tbat far-off atmosphere. You will look bxok upon your old self geDtly, as we remember ibe dead. You will bave opportunities of helping others —-cf doing brave end generous 'deeds. You will be born again, a belter and a wiser man. My brother—my beloved brother, tbe second half of myself, I have’infinite faith in yen yet.’ He laid bia hand carers ingly upon fail brother's shoulder. He felt as if a great'burden was lifted iff bis heart by ibis conversation .of- to~nigbt, For the first time sinoa Ibe .catastrophe - tbat had wrecked both their lives, the brothers bad spoken together fieely. It was Uke a re newal of brotherly love. ‘ My dear Adrian, ycu are a great deal too sood to me.' said Valentine, and this frem bim w'ae much.. * Ycu must go away, Val ; but you must do nothing hurriedly. Mrs, Freemantle wa* talk ing about you to my mother this afternoon, saying tbat you looked 111 and mopish, and needed change. ' My mother admitted'tbe fact, at d it was agreed that you should be peteoaded to travel. Yonr departure will therefore seem perfectly natural to all this little world of Chaufcrd. There will be no appearauce cf flight. All you have to think of, tbtrefore, ia the place to wbich yoo woold like lo gc—all yoo base to do is to follow the beet of your own inclination.’, • ‘ 1 will go to Africa. There is better sport there than in Australia—and a freer life. ' If you decide upon Afrioa, Melnotte may be of use to you.* ' ‘ I don’t like Melnotte, and I don’t believe in his African experiecc e. I etrongly sup ped tbat tbe man is an imposter. He is too glib.' • Bui bis stories of adventure have a vivid air, as if be had lived among the scenet and people be describes.' • The fellow is a good actor, tbat ia all. Seme rowdy adventurer whom tbe Colonel baa picked up in a gambling den. Melnotte may have been to the Cope, perb>ps. His experiences in tbe interior I rank as sheer fiction.' Tois idea agreed curiously with Adrian's own vague suspicions as to Mr. Melnotte's truthfulness. Tboae African storieB of bie we re rather too good and loo piotureeqne to bave happened to one traveller. ITie average man’a experiences are dull enough. They ring the changes upon famine, fever end sport. Bat Melnotte seemed ta’bsvo paseed from hairbreadth escape toromanticsitnation, from dramatic encounter to pictnreeque rescue, with an electrical I rillianoy. He bad •lain his lions by tbe horde, and shot biB gemibocke In becstombs. There was ex aggeration. no doubt; but whether the men were ao actual imposter remained to be proved. 'I don't want-anybody'a i advioe ?' said Valentine decisively. - ‘ If I can' onee braee' myeelf up to leave this plaoe, I shall go to London, get tbe kind of outfit I think Decenary, and then eail for tho Cape. Onee there I ean pick up the information I want ibout the Interior, and Iehall plan my rdute from there;’ r ‘ ■ 1 When will yon atari V ' I shall go to London by an early train lo-tnorrow—and to the Cspo by tbe first jood steamsr tbat oan carry me there.' ‘To-morrow* That’s soon.’ * Whf should I delayj I have bean! stay* tag bere (tee to foe* with t spectre—like a manin ■ nightmare dream, who faces some great horror and cannot move band or foot. Tbe aconer I go, the better.' ' Let me go to London with yen, Val. I ihonld like to see yon off.’ ■ ' No, no. I'am not fit company (or my fellow men yet awhile. Perhaps alter ten years in Africa I.may be better. Let me et ffer my purgation, Adrian. Let me wrestle with the memory of sin, as Jaoob wrestled with tbe angel—and then perhaps—someday —' with a stifled sob, • I shall be better worthy of yenr oneelfih love—and of my mother-' ' God help yon to pardon and forgetfulness, Val. But let me go to London with yon.’ ‘ No, 1 want to be alone there. 1 have something to do. I will wire to yon before I •ail, and then, if there were time, and yoo would like to come and shake hands at partirg-' *-Bc tore I will oome, if yon give me tbe obetce. It will comfort tbe mother to bear of yon at tba latt moment of leaviag. She woold like to be thero beraelf, dear eon), if yen weald let ber.' * Dear aonl, poor soul,’ murmured Valen tine, with a remoraefol tenderness which was strange to bia rough nature! ' She has given me honey, and I have given her gall, I have been a fountain of bilternesa to yon both Bat it U past. Yon are strong in love and in mercy. Good night, and good-bye, till I aail. I ahall be off early to-morrow morn ing.' *Bn! yon will bid your mother good bye.’ 'Mnstl?- That.will be bard. 1 ahonld like to allp away without any leave-taking. I would wrife to her from London.' 'fibe would be heartbroken if yon left her like that.' ' Perhape yon are right. It ia tbe weak ntaa of ber character to be fond of me. I’ll me her in tha morning before I atari. She wiU be happier when I am gone—B»fe and happy—with yoo. ■ You ought to marry, Adrian. Ton owe as mnoh to my me tier as wall as.to yourself. Thtre is Locy Free mantle, who h»a been-la love with for tbe last five years.' * Valentine.' ' It'a a true bill. I've seen the growing passion from tbe lime she left off short frocks and long-hair. Ton have been her ideal from the day aho left tbe nursery— perhaps before I daresay the was often thinking of yon over Pinnoek or Lingard. Marry her, Adrian She baa not one of the attributes of tbe typieal girl, and will make yon a true and honest wife.’ •I wall wait till my time comes, Vsl,' answeredAdrian, with a sad smile, 1 It bar not oome yet.’ Lady Belfield wai always an early riser. She was in bar garden next morning, looking at the firal ofniteri of anowdropa, whit, •gainst the whiteness of lbs hoar frost, when Valentins joined her, olad for a jooroey, ir far lined overcoat and deerstalker cap, * Mother,’ he began abruptly, 1 Adrian and I bad a long brotherly talk Iasi nlgbt, and he advised me to try change ol scene as a our' for bitter memories. I am going abroad fi r a spell.’ ‘lee, dear. Yes, it will be a good t’ tag, I am sore,’ answered bis motber, j alln{ suddenly at the mere tbooghl of a ; tali parting,1 bat yoo will not be going jass yet. Yon will take time to think abont ir.' * I am going at onoe. Yoo know I wa> never given to inesolntlon. I have dom moat thing!, for good or evil, on tbe spur cl the moment. . I am off by the 8 35. My portmanteaux have gone novo to ibe stabii yard. I shall stay a day or two in town, ana then sail for the Cape.' ' For tha Gape ! Thai Is so far, Val. Why not to Italy or Spain.' 'Tamr, hackneyed, intolerable. Tbe boli day ground of self-opinionated Yankee! and personally.oonducted Cockneys. No, it ohangt of eeene ia to do me any good, If I am to get oat of myself, I mail get face to (ace with nature. Africa is the place for me. Don’t be afraid, dear motber. The Dark Continent is as safe a solitude as Berne Bay.' ' And yon are going—Ibis morning ?' * At ones. The dogcart is waiting for me. Good-bye.’ He clasped bis mother in hia arms, kissed her as ha had not kissed her for years— hardly since be was a schoolboy. His own eyes were not innocent of tears as be rushed »way,_ leaving her to sob oat her sorrow in tbe qaiet shrubbery walk whiob her footsteps had so often trodden. Never bad she felt more deeolate than in Ibis parting with Ibe wayward and beloved son, and yet she told betself that it was well he were goDe. Any thing most be better than to see him ae he had been tinee last Aogoet, Tbe South-western railway oouveyed Mr. Belfield to Exeter, bot in tbe junction station there, he had a ohoioe ol trains, and the Great-western anited him best on IhiB occa sion. He orosaed from one platform to the other, took his ticket for Paddington, and eameonl upon the departure platform of tbe Gleet- western, under tbe big clock. .Tbe platform was not so orowded as usual, and the train was cot due for five minutor. As he walked slowly towards the end of the station, Valentine passed a man whose face flashed opon him with a sudden siokening of the heart and weakening of the limbs, like the sighs of a ghost in high noon. The wintery suo shone opon those pale and high-bred features. He saw the face locking at him, half in hatred, half in scoro, and he coold not give back loom lor eoorn, bate for bate., He who bad never feared bis fcllow-mcn,aiebened at the sight of ibis man, and passed on wish quickened step, and eyes looking steadily forward, pretending not to tee that familiar face, tba face ot tbe man who had stolen bis wife's heart. ^ St. Austell slopped and locked back at 'As I am alive, that was tbe face of a felon,' be said to bimself, 'and the myetery of Helen's fate is darker than any of us dream of. That man dared not■ meet my eye— although it was hie plaoe to beofor and mine to quail. There wae guilt in that look.’ He was on hie way westward. Since that meeting at the Badminton, i he bad been much disturbed in bie mind aboot bis lost love. Fickle as fhe previooa experience of bie life bad proved him, he had not yet forgotten Helen. Tho year which Mrs. Baddeley had allowed for the dotation of his passion was not yet ended, and it may be that tbe disappointment and mischance whiob had attended this particular intrigue, had intensified bia feelings. Ho would have for fidted ten yvars of hi* life to have found Helen, and won her for bis own, but there was that in her hatband's countenance wbioh chilled his ecol. He'bad half tv mina to follow Valentina Belfield, and lax him then and there with foul play. He had no evidence, except the mysterious circumstances of the wife's disappearance, and that guilty look in the husband's face—but the two together brougbt conviction to St. Austell's mind. (TO lit CUSIISCSD. 