THE CRADOCK GHOST. TO THE EDITOB. Sir-Although my name bu been men tioned on two or three ooo&Biona; in con nection with the above subject, yet ap to the present I have shrunk from willingly ap pearing in the ranks of disputants or appear in the role of an " interpreter of the mystery." I had hoped before this the father of the child- who has asserted so emphatically that there is no fraud-would have vindicated his own reputation and removed the stigma cast upon his child by the letters from Messrs. Evans and Jones, ana prove that tho conclu sions were utterly unwarranted by the evidence. This has not been done, and until the child has been subjected to a thorough scientific examina tion, all the assertions on the one side and the denials on the other will have no effect in satisfying the public mind. It was no idle curiosity that prompted my taking a long journey on a dirty night to see the child, but in the hopes of gaining infor mation. I .had read all the reports and listened to many statements, yet I had formed no opinion, and as far as I am able to know myself, was neither prejudiced in favour or against. If it could have been proved beyond a doubt that a (?hoat was present, 1 was quite ready to accept the evidence, and henceforth believe in the possibility of such visitors. From all I saw that evening I was convinced that some of the reports were not reliable. This is excusable. It has been proved that those who are very susceptible and who be lieve in ghosts and hobgoblins and all such tribes, are not th6 most accurate recorders of what they see. Imagination has much to do with the formation of their ideas, and the same influence prevails when it is related. Perhaps it cannot be otherwise, but it is un fortunate from a scientific standpoint. I have no reason to suppose that the child's father is in any way connected with the "per formance," and it is still harder to believe that the child has gained this standard of deception unaided or uninstructed. I can conceive of no motive that would induce a conspiracy of this kind. The family and friends appear to be a quiet unsophisticated lot, the child iB not 9 years of age, yet I am told these strange " performances" have been witnessed almost nightly for thirteen or fourteen weeks. As far as I am able to judge from the conversation and observations with and of the child I should say Bhe was utterly incapable of consciously "performing" for such a long time in the presence of so many witnesses and under sucn severe tests as she has been subjeoted to without the deception beinp discovered, My opinions in these particulars are at variance with Mr. Evans. The " pretty piece of acting," as it is describedibv Mr. Evans, or the "fits"spoken of by Mr. Healy, is of far more importance than the knocking. If the cause of the former is discovered the latter may be easily solved. If the child consciously made the raps the evening I saw her she did not dis play one-tenth (3 the skill she exhibited in the "pretty bit of acting." The sonnds resembled a dull thud, soaroely audible. The impressions I received after seeing the child was that she was heavily charged with animal magnetism; that under certain conditions and at different times it became localized, and then aoted directly on the nerveB. If this hypothesis is correot it will doubtless aocount for her extreme BenBitiveneBs at the approach of any foreign substance. A child cunning enough to deoeive, as we are told she has done, would scarcely " show her hand" and display her falsity without the most forcible compul sion, It is scarcely likely she would shrink from a bottle before it touohed her. The fact of her doing so seems to me to support my theory. I do not deny that the raps came from the child. I am certainly inclined to think they did. and possibly may have been done with her hand. But the point that still remains to be proved is whether the child was con scious or unconscious. Looking at the case and its surroundings, I am strongly inolined to think she was unconscious. In the interest of science I should like to see the matter settled beyond a doubt. I may also add if the child has perpetrated a fraud she has done it skilfully, and I for one shall be ready to forgive her. -I am. Sir, &o.;, J. HANCOCK. JDN. Bible Christian Manse, Fort Augusta. 