ASPINOIL'S VENGEANCE. CsiAsrEP. X.CL , (Continued). She slept more sweetly, calmly, and soundly that night, folded, as though she were a child, in the arms of Mabel. At six in the morning they were astir, and the work recommenced, but the week was passed without any unusual incident oc curring. Neither a drorrin' room' nor a 'feet' took place during it, and the young ladies were not called up to work more than eighteen hours per day. Mabel found the long hours and the close confinement tell upon her health and spirits. Still. as she fulfilled her duties unmurmur ingly, did her best to comprehend what was communicated to her, and her utmost to execute her tasks well, she received smiles of approbation from Madame Desirer. and words of encouragement from Madame Volige, who seemed to have taken a fancy to her, for she held her up every now and then as a patern and an example, especially to those ' desperet pusses ' who persisted in fainting, or of abruptly falling into a fit of screaming hysterics. During the week Cecilia, the maid, who was a kind-heartedt girl, and much liked by the young ladies, informed Mabel that the youth in the green oshapeadress, begemmed with -white buttons, like a. lawn, sparkling with white dasies, who daily' bounded be tweeii the hall door and the recception room, desired to commune with her, as he had a letter for her. Mabel's heart beat violently when she re ceived the announcement, and she begged Cecilia to request Jerusalem Garsp to give it to her for her; but it appeared that Cecilia had already gone through that ceremony without avail, and added that there was something very misty and foggy about the boy's behaviour which she could not make out. But one thing was certain, and that was that he would not place the letter .in any other hands than hers to whom it was directed. Mabel took an opportunity during the dinner hour to have a short and brief inter view with Garsp, and caught him in the act of trying whether there was room in his mouth for a whole penny loaf without sub jecting himself to the fatiguing process of diminishing it by biting it. He was apply ing himself patiently, perseveringly, and even artfully to his task, -as one who has rather a bulky parcel for the book.post tries to coax it into the gash called the letter-box for ' London and twelve miles round.' Garsp's ' letter- box,' though capacious, was not equal to the dimensions of the loaf; and, therefore, as lie perceived Mabel advancing, he thrust it, warm and wet as it was, into his trousers pocket. Mabel approached him with trembling anxiety. A letter for her ! From whom could it be ? Guy Lovelaceo No; she in an instant dismissed that thought with a pained sigh from a heart already half broken. From her brother? No ; how could he know where to address her ?- From her father ? the same doubt applied to him ; yet this seemed the most probable solution of all. So she said to Garsp, timidly and hesitat ingly ' You wished, I am told, to speak a word to me, Garsp?' Without saying aword, how ever, he glided up to her,and handed a letter to her. She took it and glanced at the super scription hurriedly. She did not know the handwriting. The characters were large and ill-formed, and the words ill-spelt. It was evidently the production of an illiterate per son. It had not come by the post, for there was neither stamp nor post-mark upoh it. iShe looked at hin inquiringly. ... Young woman,' he answered in an under tone, 'rayther pooty, as comed here with you, brought that. Said her name was Pree seciller Hellis. Wanted to see you, but told her no follerers ain't allowed. So she ger me that letter for you, and said as I was to bid you good-bye for her, and she won't for get you.' There was something strange in this inci dentwhich Mabel could not quite understand, but she resolved to read the letter as soon as an opportunity offered itself to her, and as certain what it all meant. It was not until after midnight that Mabel was enabled to open and to read the note from Priscilla Ellis. Its contents informed her that a brother of her mother, Dame Ellis, had unexpectedly returned fron Australia to England to fetch his nearest re latives, that they might settle with him at Melbourne. He had been a long time in tracing them, hut had at length succeeded in finding them only four days before he was engaged to sail upon his return voyage. aS rrisciiia rciL Inaisposea to part lor over from Jabez Ginger, she declined to quit England ; but on the dilemma being sub mitted to Jalez, Jabez spoke up like a man, and consented to g3 too. Therefore, he and Priscilla were married by licence, for which ' uncle' had paid, and then teo whole parly sailed away to Austr-lia, leaving Mabel's little property warehoused at an address which was cncloscd. Priscilla had vainly tried to obtain an interview with her, though she lavished balf-a-crown, a smils, and al most a kiss upon Garsp ; but he remained inflexible. although lie promised to convey a letter, and he kept his word. Priscilla's letter was c-ached in the kind est and most tender, though homely, terms. She uttered the most fervent wishes for Mabel's happiness, and as her mother's ad dress and that of Jahez Ginger-Jeems, Martingale, White Horse, Stamford Hill would no !onger be of service to her, she colnd only give her that of her uncle in Melbourne, Australia, at which place she concluded, she should often think of and pray'for her, and where she should be also too proud to receive her, if she at any time turn her eyea thitherwards for a home. A week-or two passed away, and as the nobility's gatherings increased, the labour hours at Madame Desirer's were proportion ably extended, and mostly with the same piti able results. One : morning,' toher. arprie.'e,: adtame Desirer sent efr heir int6 heitbondoir.-' Gilt gore was there at his desk, writing as sisual, and he looked as he always did, all greass and gold'ehain, : Madame Desirer, immediately on Mabel making her appearance, favoured her with a kind smile, and said- "' Mees Delamere, I have observed that you are verce attentif and persevering ; that you nevare murmur,utseem anxious to eemprove moch. It is good for you. You will sie-. ceed, I am sure: you studee my interest, you studee your own. ' There are several departments in the business : it is needful for yon to know all, for -your own good. There is the reception-room you vill now take your place in that.'. Mabel turned as pale as death. The seclu sion of the work-room, health-aestroying as it was, was perferable to that. She im mediately entreated Madame Desirer not to force herinto a position which would be most trying and painful to her. , But neither Madame nor" Giltgore would listen to her. ,Wilh anute agonyof mind, Mabel,rcflected that she had no alternative but to obey. So, nerving herEelf to bear without betraying any-outw.ard emotion wlhatever in cidents might occur to humiliate her, she made her wayin silence to the reception room.. .One day 'a'biiblt-knock was heard inthe door. 'It flew.oper. and Garsp flew in. ' Mrs and-Miss Lovelace ' ho cried, in a loud'tane. ' : . : , . . I : .Mabel ttirtul, andi turned round rinstic tively. . Sheesaw a tall, saidate lady, elegantly dress d, enter the roo.m with 'n grand air, oanlshe was followed byGay's sister. There wJ~ no doubt of th.a. :She recognised every featnre 'r Viola's face as being the couantr part of his. in an iiBstint.: She c6old not- tak" iher eyes from hbier face until Viola's. mrviglistlesly round the room, mt herls.": Shie ;sw. Miss :L vaiaaco start, anti look at her vri th n cxpression of. surprise, and thenr he turued 'from ieri, a rimsaona bi.h: uffuasing her feati;res, ?i d every limb trembling like an aspen leaf. ' Pray do not think me rude,'., observed Miss Lovelace, in sweet kind tone. 'I heard Madame Desirer speak to you as Miss Delamere. Is that your name ?' Mabel felt as if she must suffocate, and she knew that heir face was as white as that of a ghost. ' Oh, yeas, mees I' exclaimed Madame Desirer; ' dis young lady's name Dela mere.' ' Are you sure ?' inquired Viola, eagerly. 'Positif,' returned ma-la:me; ' oh certainly. It is not, Mees Delamere ? Ansare for your self.' 3Iabel could only bend her head; she could not have spoken a word for the world. ' It is very strange,' murmuredViola, still lookingsteadfastly at Mabel. ' Miss Lovelace, you amaze me.' exclaimed her mamma, checking her with a frown and astern look ; ' my business is finished with madame. Good morning, Madame De sirer.' With a somewhat quick step she quitted the room. Mabel heard the rustle of Miss Lovelace's dress as she followed her, and she could not refrain raising her eyelids to catch one more glimpse of a face which was so inexpressibly dear to her. Viola Lovelace was still looking at her as she left the room, and the expression was so full of tender and sorrowful. interest, , that Mabel marvelled what it indicated,.for she. , asure that Miss Lorelace could not know or even guees ose wh e wai. "---. She had passed through her first, and what she imagined must be' her "most terrible, ordeal better than she had anticipated, and she began to think that her position would not be so trying as she at first feared that it would be. But ehe was promptly undeceived by the sudden appearance of Garsp, after giving the customary knock at the door, and by hearing him shout Miss Is-as-dlaw Terr-sill-yan.' CHAPrTER XXXI. When Mr Tracy Tressilian, upon his re turn home, Eummoned his daughter to his presence, it was not with the view of merely announcing personally to her his arrival, or simply t s exchange greetings with her after a short absence, but it was with the view of making certain inquiries respecting the pro gress which Lord Calfton had, during his absence, made in her affections and to in form her that all the legal preliminaries to a marriage between her and Lord Calfton had been settled, and deeds had been drawn up, and only awaited the necessary signatures to complete them. 'He had further to inform her that during his absence from home he had sought an interview with the Earl of Calfingley, the father of Lord Calfton, and at that interview certain arrangements had been agreed upon between them pending the marriage ; and in order that they might be brought to a satisfactory conclusion; an in vitation had been forwardedby the earl and countess, through him, for her to pass a mouth at Calfingley Castle. Both the earl and countess, he assured her, were most anxious to make her acquaintance. He an. nounced to her that he had accepted the invitation for her, and he wound up by calling upon her to believe that her future was finally settled, and that it rested with himself to be one of the happiest, as sbe had been one of the most fortunate, and would be one of the most distinguished ladies in English society. He did not give her an opportunity of re plying; he did not seem to think that she had anything to say upon the matter except to signify her assent, and that he considered simply superfluous. One night, after she had returned from a splendid assembly, in which she had been followed, courted, flattered, flirted with, by numbers of young and handsome scions of the nobility, she tore off her jewellery, drew out from its secret hiding place the golden nugget, kissed it, and wept over it. Slthden'she'sat'down and wrote-ai pssiunate note to Ormsby to come and take her away out of the consuming flames of her dread temptation ; to think of nothing, heed no thing-position, name. fame, or any such consideration-save only her, as she thought now of him. only him. She begged him to her, and say where she should come to him, if he would not come to her; she called upon him, if he had even the shadow of a wish to see her happy, to take her to his heart, and save her-from herself. She did not read this note after she had written it, but she folded it up, sealed it, addressed it to the place Ormsby had nmesd to her in his note, and then she summoned her maid Peat, and said abruptly- 'Oh, Peat, I hadnearly forgotten. I have a letter that should have been posted to day ; it must positively be posted before the first delivery in the morning, and that I my be sure that it is actually sent, I must trouble you, Peat, to post it yourself. Mind; do not let anyone else even see it.' She placed the letter and a sovereign in her maid's hands. Peat looked at the sovereign, and then at Isadore. inquiringly. * Oh, yes, miss ! I quite understand.' She rose on the fo'lowing morning, and dress'd herself as the clock was striking six, and on looking out of her window she per ceived that it was raining heavily and very steadily, as though it designed wetting the garments. of every person through who ventured into it, and'as though it did not design to leave .off..for some hours yet to come. As she descended the stairs in search of a capacious umbrella belonging to the footman, she encountered the kitchenmaid, and an idea struck her. ' Scrager,' she said, instantly, ' Miss Tressilian wants this letter posted directly. She asked ine to do it, but it is raining so htarsl thst I'll give you sixpence to do it for me.' ' All right,' replied the girl ; "giv'e it to me,' and she held out her hand for the letter. The girl took the letter, and turned away. She ran down the stairs quickly,-opened a kitchen-dresser drawer, from which she drew forth a japanned tin box bf an oblong shape, about a foot long. She unlocked this with rapidity and without noise, with a key which she wore round her neck, attached to a' piece of narros blauck'riba d ?sL . rFfsr'aiout f 'afbthisbbehetsoW~'aasiiie6 envelope, iion'n hich ivsa writte~eth6 ad of Mrs Wraddington Fawney, and intoit'she hastily plaezd lEadore'a letter' to Ormsby Carwardine. It wash but the work of a mo ment to moisten the gemmed lip of the envelope, and to fastenit down. Then she quickly tied on a bonnet, threw a shawl over her shoulders, and hIurried to thie road, by ivay of the area steps. In a street nearly opposite was a post office, and this office could be seen from one of the front windows. At this window Peat stationed herself. She presently saw the kitchenmnid running very fast through the rain, stop at the office, and drop aletter into the letter-box. ' 'That's done !' she ejiculated, in a per fectly satisfied tone of voice. At thie same time Peat stole softly into IsaSore's bedroom, and faound her a.wake. She had not slept for a moment all night, 'I have posted the letter, miss'. whispered Peat. Isadore etarted up. You are sure, Pest !' she exclaimed with eager anrxiety.: : -i - ", ' Quite sure, mtiss I have this m snint come back. It is such a dreadful wet moruing. .It was midday before Tsedore aroses and then she kept her room. She sent word to her father that she was not well, and would not go out,.: She was sure that Ormbshy would come. How 10ong and wearisome the day -ppeared to be. - . : : " - :But it evore away, an reven o'clock struck-yet no signs ;of Ormsby being Nitie o'clock cain; and stit Orsmsby did not arrine. She was fretful, irritable, vexed, and angry with him beyond meatore. S:Pei~t entered,; however, wiath a letter upon asalver :'A" ltter for- her. She took it up; it wasn addresed to her in a handwriting which her humid eyes induced hier to believe chat Ihe recognise.. She took up the stdcr, kissed it a dozen times, and then tore i f-'. (To be contiane.) - 