ALLAN QUATERMAIN: BEING AN ACCOUNT OF HIS FURTHER ADVENTURES AMD DISCOVERIES IX COMPANY WITH SIR HENRY CURTIS, BART., COMMANDER JOHN GOOD, R.N., AND ONE TJMSLOFOGAAS. By H. RIDER HAGGARD, Author of "She," "King Solomon's Mines,' &c.; Ex Africa semper aliquid novi. [Published by special arrangement with the author. AH rights reserved. J CHATTEII VII.-A SLAUGHTER GUIJI AXD GEE AT. Then came a pause, and we stood there in the chilly silent darkness waiting till the moment came to start. It was per haps the most trying time of all- that slow, slow quarter of an hour. The minutes seemed to drag along with leaden feet, and the quiet, the solemn hush, that brooded over all-big, as it were with a coming fate was most oppressive to the spirits. I once remember having to get up before dawn to see a man hung, and I then went through a very similar set of sensations, only in the present instance my^ feelings were animated by that more vivid and personal element which naturally apper tains rather to the person to be operated on than to the most sympathetic spectator. The solemn faces of the men, well aware that the short passage of an hour would mean for some, and perhap3 all of them, the last great passage to t&eunknown; or oblivion, the bated whispers in which they spoke ; even Sir Henry's continuous and thoughtful examination of his wood cutter's axe, and the fidgety way in which Good kept polishing his eyeglass all told the same tale of nerves stretched a ery nigh to breaking point. Only Umslopo rraas, leaning as usual upon xnkosi-kaas, and taking an occasional pinch of snufl, was to all appearance perfectly and com pletely unmoved. Nothing could touch his iron nerves. The moon went down ; for a long while she had been getting nearer and nearer to the horizon, now she finally sank and left the world in darkness save for a faint grey tinge in the eastern sky that palely heralded the coming dawn. Mr. Mackenzie stood, watch in hand, liia wife clinging to his arm and striving to stifle her sobs. _ 44 Twenty minutes to 4,' he said i it ought to be light enough to attack at twenty minutes past 4. Captain Good had better be moving, he will want three or four minutes' start.'1 Good gave one final polish to his eye glass, nodded to us in a jocular sort of ivay-which I could not help feeling it must have cost him something to ^ muster up-and, ever polite, took off his steel lined cap to Mrs. Mackenzie, and started for his position at the head of the kraal, to reach which he had to make a detour toy gome paths known to the natives. Just then one of the hoys came in and reported that everybody in the Masai camp, with the exception of the two sentries who were walking up and down in front of the respective entrances, appeared to be fast asleep. Then the rest of us took the road. First came the guide, then Sir Henry, L: mslopogaas, the Wakwati Askari, and Mr. Mackenzie's two mission natives armed, with long spears and shields. I followed immediately after with Alphonse and five natives all aimed with guns, and Mr. Mackenzie brought up the rear with the six remain ing natives. The cattle kraal where the Masai were camped lay at the foot of the hill on which the house stood or, roughly speak ing, about eight hundred yards from the mission buildings. The first five hundred yards of this distance we traversed quietly indeed, but at a good pace ; after that we crept on as silently as a leopard on his prey, gliding like ghosts from bush to bush and stone to stone. When I had «one a little way I chanced to look behind me and saw the redoubtable Alphonse staggering along with white face and trembling knees and his rifle, which was at full cock, pointed directly at the small of my back. Having halted and carefully put the rifle at ' safety,'' we started again and all went well till we were within one hundred yards or so of the kraal, when his teeth began to chatter in the most aggressive way. " If you don't stop that I will kill you," I whispered savagely; for the idea of having all our lives sacrificed to a tooth cliattering Free eh cook was too much for me. I began to fear that he would betray us, and heartily wished we had left him behind. "But, monsieur, I cannot help it," he answered ; " it is the cold. ' Here was a dilemma, but fortunately I devised a plan. In the pocket of the coat I had on was a small piece of dirty rag that I had used some time before to clean the gun with. " Put this in your mouth," I whispered again, giving him therag ; "and if Ihear anothersound you are a dead man.'' I knew that that would stifle the clatter of his ivories. I must have looked as if 1 meant what I Baid, for he instantly obeyed me and proceeded with an oily corner of rag hanging down liia chin. Then we crept on again. At last we were within fifty yards of the kraal. Between us and it was an open space of sloping grass with only one mi mosa bush and a couple of tussocks of a sort of thistle for cover. We were still hidden in fairly thick bush. It was be ginning to grow light. The stars had paled and a kind of sickly gleam played about the east and was reflected on the earth. We could see the outline of the kraal clearly enough, and could also make Out the faint glimmer of the dying embers of the Masai camp fire3. We halted and i waahed. for the sentry we knew was pc Med at the opening. Presently I19 ap peared, a fine tall fellow, walking idly up aid .down within five paces of the thorn stopped entrance. We had hoped to catch him napping, but it wa3 not to be. He seemed particularly wide awake. If we could not kill that man, and kill him silently, we were lost. There we crouched and watched him. Presently Umslopo gaas, who was a few paces ahead of me, turned and made a sign, and next second I saw him go d^wn on his stomach like a snake, and taking an opportunity when the sentry's head was turned, began to work his way through the grass without a sound. The unconscious sentry began to hum a little tune and Umslopogaas crept on. Ha reached the shelter of the mimosa bush unperceived and there waited. Still the sentry walked up and down. Presently he turned and looked over the wall into the camp. Instantly the human snake who was stalking him glided on ten yards and got behind one of the tussocks of the thistle-like plant, reaching it as the Elmoran turned again. As he turned his eye fell upon this patch of thistles, and it seemed to strike him that it did not look quite right. He advanced a pace towards it-halted, yawned, stooped down, picked ' up a little pebble and threw it at it. It hit Umslopogaas upon the head, luckily not upon the armor-shirt. Had it done so the clink would have betrayed us. Luckily, too, the shirt was browned and not bright steel, which would certainly have been detected. Apparently satis fied that there was nothing wrong he then gave over his investigations and contented himself with leaning on his spear and standing gazing idly at the tuft. For at least three minutes did he stand thus, plunged apparently in a gentle reverie, and there we lay in the last extremity of anxiety, expecting every moment that we should be discovered or that some untoward accident would happen. I could hear Alplionse's teeth going like anything on the oiled rag, and turning my head round made an awful face at him. But I am bound to state that my own heart was at much the same game as the Frenchman's castanets, while the perspiration was pouring from my body, causing the wash leathered lined shirt to stick to me unpleasantly, and altogether was in the pitiable state known by schoolboys as a "blue funk." At last the ordeal came to an end. The sentry glanced at the east, and appeared to note with satisfaction that his period of duiy was coming to an end-as indeed it was, once and for all-for he rubbed his hands and began to walk again briskly, to warm himself. The moment his Dack- was turned the long black snake glided on again, and reached the other thistle tuft, which was within a couple of paces of his return beat. Back came the sen (ay and strolled right past the tuft, utterly unconscious of the presence that was crouching behind it. Had he looked down he could scarcely have failed to see, but he did not do so. He passed, and then his hidden enemy erected himself, and with outstretched hand followed in his trades. A moment more, arid just as the Elmoran was about to turn, the great Zulu made a spring, and in the growing light we could see the long lean hands close round the Masai's throat. Then followed a convulsive twining of the two dark bodies, and in another second I saw the Masai's head bent back, and heard a sharp crack, something like that of a dry twig snapping, and lie fell down upon the ground his limbs moving spasmodi cally. Umslopogaas had put out all his iron strength and broken the warrior's neck. For a moment he knelt upon his victim, still gripping his throat till he was sure that there was nothing more to fear from him, and then he rose and beckoned to us to advance, which we did on all fours, like a colony of huge apes. On reaching the kraal we saw that the Masai had still further choked this entrance, which was about ten feet wide-no doubt in order to guard against attack, by dragging four or Jive tops of mimosa trees up to it. So much the better for us, I reflected : the more obstruction there was the slower wotild they be able to come through llere we separated; Mackenzie aucl his party creeping up under the shadow of the wall to the left, while Sir Henry and Umslopogaas took their stations one on each side of the thorn fence, the two spearmen and the Askari lying down in front of it. I and my men crept on up the right side of the kraal, which was about fifty paces long. When I was two-thirds up I halted, and placed my men at distances of four paces from one another, keeping Alphonse close to me, however. Then I peeped for the first time over the wall. It was getting fairly light now, and the first thing I saw was the white donkey, exactly opposite to me, and close by it 1 could make out little Flossie's pale face, sitting as the lad had described, some ten paces from the wall. Round her lay many warriors, sleeping. At distances all over the surface of the kraal were the remains of fires, round each of which slept some five -and- twenty Masai, for the most part gorged with food. Now and then a man would raise himself, yawn, and look at the east, which had now turned primrose ; but none got up. 1 determined to wait another five minutes, both to allow the light to in- , crease so that we could make better shoot ing, and to give Good and his party-of whom 1 could see or hear nothing- every opportunity to make ready. The quiet dawn began to throw her ever-widening mantle over plain aad forest and river-mighty Kenia, wrapped in the silence of eternal snows, looked out across the earth-till presently a beam from the unrisen sun lit upon his heaven kissing crest and purpled it with blood ; the sky above grew .blue and tender as a mother s smile : a bird began to pipe his morning song, and a little breeze passing through the bush shook down the dew drops in millions to refresh the waking world. Everywhere was peace and the happiness of arising strength, every where save in the heart of cruel man ! Suddenly, just as I was nerving myself for the signal, having already selected my man on whom I meant to open fire-a great fellow sprawling on the ground within three feet of little Flossie -Alphonse's teeth began to chatter again like the hoofs of a galloping giraffe, making a great noise in the silence. His rag had dropped out in the agitation of his mind. Instantly a Masai within three paces of us -vroke, and, sitting up, began to gaze about him, look nig for the cause of the sound. Moved beyond myself, 1 brought the butt-end of my rifle down on to the pit of the French man's stomach. This stopped his chatter ing ; but, as he doubled up, he managed to let oil' his gun in such a manner that the bullet passed within an inch of mv head. J There was no need for a signal now. From both sides of the kraal broke out a waving line of fire, in which 1 myself joined, managing with a snap shot to knock over my Masai by Flossie, just as he was jumping up. Then from the top end the kraal there rose an awful yell, In which I rejoiced to recognise Good's pierciti<'' note rising clear and shrill above the din° and in another second followed such a scene as I have never seen before or shall again. With an universal howl of terror and fury the brawny crowd of savages within the kraal sprung to their feet many of them to fall again boneatli our well-diiected hail of lead before they had moved a yard. For a moment they stood undecided, and then hearing the cries and curses that rose unceasingly from the top end of the kraal and bewildered by the stonn of bullets, they as by one impulse rushed down towards the thorn stopped entrance. As they went we kept pouring our fire with terrible effect into the thickening mob as fast as we could load. I had emptied mv re peater of the ten shuts it contained", and was just beginning to slip in some more when I bethought me of little Flossie. Looking up I saw that the white donkey was lying, kicking, having been knocked over either by one of our bullets or a Masai spear- thrust. There were no living Masai near, but clie black nurse was 011 her feet and cutting the rope that bound Flossie s feet with a spear. Next second she ran to the wall of the kraal and began to climb over it, an example which the little girl followed. But Flossie was evidently very stiff and cramped and could only go slowly, and as she went two Masai flying down the kraal caught sight of her and rushed towards her to kill her. The first fellow came up just as the poor little girl, after a desperate effort toclimb the wall, fell back into the kraal. Up flashed the great spear, and as it did so a bullefc from my riife found its home in the holder s ribs, and over he went like a shot rabbit. But behind him was the other man, and, alas, I had only that one cartridge in the magazine ! Flossie had scrambled to her to her feet and wa3 facing the second man, who was advancing with raised spear. I turned my head aside and felt sick as death. I could not bear to see liim stab her. Glancing up again, to my surprise I saw the Masai's spear lying on the ground, while the man himself was staggering about with both hands to his head. Sud denly I saw a puff of smoke, proceeding apparently from Flossie, and the man fell down headlong. Then I remembered the Derringer pistol she carried, and saw that she had fired both barrels of it at him, thereby saving her life. In another instant slie held made ail effort, and assisted by the nurse, who was lying on the top, had scrambled over the wall, and I knew that she was, comparatively speaking, safe. All this takes some time to tell, but I do not suppose that it took more than 15 seconds to enact. I soon got the chamber of the repeater filled again with cartridges and once more opened fire, not on the seething black mass which was gathering at the end of the kraal, but on fugitives who bethought them to climb the wall. _ I picked off several of these men, moving down towards the end of the kraal as I did so, and arriving at the corner, or rather the bend of the oval, in time to see and by means of my rifle to assist in the mighty struggle that took place there. By this time some 200 Masai-allowing that we had up to the present accounted for 50-had gathered together^ in front of the thorn-stopped entrance, driven thither by the spears of Good's men, whom they doubtless supposed were a large force in stead of being but 10 strong. For some reason it never occurred to them to try and rush the wall, which they could have scrambled over with comparative ease ; they all made for the fence, which was really a strongly interwoven fortification. With a bound the first warrior went at it, and even before he touched the ground on the other side I saw Sir Henry's great axe swing up and fall with awful force upon his feather head-piece, and he fell in to the middle of the thorns. Then with a shriek and a crash they began to break through somehow, and ever as they came the great axe swung and Inkosi- kaas flashed and they fell dead one by one, each man helping to build up a barrier against his fellows. Those who escaped the axes of the pair fell at the hands of the Askari and the two mission Kaffirs, and those who passed scatheless from them fell beneath my own and Mackenzie's fire. Faster and more furious grew the fight ing. Single Masai would spring upon the dead bodies of their comrades, and engage one or other of the axemen with their long spears ; but, thanks chiefly to the mail shirts, the result wa3 always the same. Presently there was a great swing of the axe, a sound of crashing bones, and another dead Masai. That is, if the man was engaged with ?Sir Henry. If it was IT mslopog&as; that he fought with the result indeed would be th^ same, but it would be differently attained. It was but rarely that the Zulu used the crashing double-handed stroke ; on the contrary, he oid little more than tup continually at his adversary's head, pecking at it with the pole-axe end of the axe as a woodpecker peeks at rotten wood. Pre sently a peck would go home, and his enemy would drop down with a neat little circular hole in his- forehead or skull, exactly similar to that which a cheese scoop makes in a cheese. He never used the broad blade of the axe except when hard pressed or when striking at a shield. He told me afterwards that he did not con sider it sportsmanlike. Good and his men were quite close by now, and our people had to cea3e firing into the mass for fear of killing some of them (as it was one of them was killed in this way). Mad and desperate with fear the Masai by a frantic effort burst through the thorn-fence and piled-up dead, and sweeping Curtis, Umslopogaas, and the other three before them broke into the open. And now it was that we began to lose men fast. Down went our poor Askari who was armed with the axe, a great spear standing out a foot behind his back; andbeforelongthetwospearsmenwho had stood with him went down too, dying lighting like tigers ; and others of oiu1 party shared their fate. For a moment I feared the fight was lost-certainly it trembled in the balance. _ I shouted to my men to cast down their rifles, and to take spears and throw themselves into the 'uiclic. They obeyed, their blood being now thoroughly up, and Mr. Muokimxie d people followed their example. This move had a momentary good re sult, but still the light hung in the balance. Our people fought magnificently, hurling themselves upon the dark mass of Elmoran, hewing, thrusting, slaying, and being slain. And ever above the din rose Good's awful yell of encouragement as he plunged, eyeglass and all, to wherever the fight was thickest; and ever, with an almost machine-like regularity, the two axes rose and fell, carrying death and dis ablement at every stroke. But I could see that the strain was beginning to tell upon Sir Henry, who was bleeding from several flesh wounds; his breath was coming in gasps, and the veins stood out on his forehead like blue and knotted cords. Even Umslopogaas, man of iron that he was, was hard pressed. I noticed that he had given up " woodpecking," and was now using the broad blade of Inkosi kass, "browning" his enemy wherever he could hit him, instead of drilling scientific holes in his head. I myself did not go into the riicke, but hovered outside like the swift "back" in a football scrimmage, putting a bullet through a Masai whenever 1 got a chance. I was more use so. I fired forty-nine cartridges that morning, and I did not miss many shots. Presently, do as we would, the beam of the balance began to rise against us. We had net more than fifteen or sixteen effec tives left now, and the Masai had at least fifty. Of course if they had kept their heads and shaken themselves together they could soon have made an end of the matter : but that is just what thty did not do, not having yet recovered from their stait, and some of them having actually fled 'from their sleeping-places without their wtapons. Still by now many indh iduals were lighting with their normal courage and discretion, and this alone was sulneient to defeat us. To make matters worse ju3t then, when Mackenzie's rifle was emply, a brawny savage armed with a "sitne"or sword, made a rush for him. Tile clergy man flung down his gun, and drawing his huge carver from his elastic belt (his revolver had dropped out in the fight), they closed in desperate struggle. It really was a sight to see that good but angular man go in-coat-tails, broad brimmed hat, carving- knife, and all. lliey say that nobody is so bitter as an apostate, so on the same principle, for fighting purposes at a pinch commend me toa man of puace. At any rate, Mackenzie's play with the carving-knife was something beautiful, though I feat tliw.1 the Society of Friends would not have approved of this way of "converting the heathen." Presently, locked in a close embrace, missionary and Masai rolled on to the ground behind the wall, and for some time I,'being amply occupied with my own affairs and in keeping my skin from being pricked, remained in ignorance of his fate or how the duel had ended. To and fro surged the fight, slowly turn ing round like the vortex of a human whirlpool, and things began to look very bad for us. Just then, however, a fortu nate thing happened. . U mslopogaas, either by accident or design, broke out of the ring and engaged a warrior at some few paces from it. As he did so another man ran up and struck him with all his force between the shoulders with his great spear, which, falling on the tough steel shiit, failed to pierce it and rebounded. For a moment the man stared aghast protective armor being unknown among these tribes-and then he yelled out at the top of his voice " Thoj arc dcrih-bcicilrhed, bev:ilcltcd And seized by a sudden panic he threw down his spear and began to fly. I cut short his career with a bullet, and Umslo pogaa3 brained his man, and then the panic spread to the others. " Ikwildicd, hw:'dchcd /" they cried, and tried to escape in every direction, utterly demoralised and broken-spirited, for the most part even throwing down their shields and spears. On the last scene of the dreadful fight I need not dwell. It was a slaughter great and grim, in which no quarter was asked or given. One incident, however, is worth detailing. Just as I was hoping that it was all done with, suddenly from under a heap of slain where he had been hiding, an unwounded warrior sprang up, and, clearing the piles of dying and dead like an antelope, sped like the wind up the kraal towards the spot where I was stand ing at the moment. But he was not alone, for Umslopogaas came gliding on his tracks with the peculiar swallow-like motion for which he was noted, and as they neared me I recognised in the Masai the herald of the previous night. Finding that, run as he would, his pursuer was gaining on him, the man halted and turned round to give battle. Umslopogaas also pulled up. "Ah, ah," he cried to theElmoran, "it is thou whom I talked with last night the Lygonani, the herald, the capturer of little girls-he who would kill a little girl. And tliou didst hope to stand man to man and face to face with an Induna of the tribe of the Maquilisini, of the p? iple of the Amazulu ? B ahold, thy prayer is granted ! And I did swear to hew thee limb from limb, thou insolent dog. Behold I will do it even now !" The Masai ground his teeth with fury and charged at the Zulu with his spear. As he came Umslopogaas deftly stepped aside, and swinging Inkosi-kaas high above his head with both hands brought the blade down with such fearful force from behind upon the Masai's shoulder just where the neck is set into the frame, thatifc's razor-edgeshore right throughbone and flesh and muscle, almost severing the head and one arm from the body. " There," ejaculated Umslopogaas, con templating the corpse of his foe; "I have kept my word. It was a good stroke." 