THE AuèÎÙÀblAN^NAT'lVÈS* T"--ASSOClATIONT : -? 12 -> 'j PUBLIC MEETING 'has TREGLOWN HALL, Ajublicriee'tingtooKplaceinthoTowiiHall/j f on Tuesday evening maer the auspices of the ° Australian Natives' Association, for their pose of considering the political situation and financial condition of the colony. as at first appeared as though the meeting would prove a failure, as at eight o'clock, there were not more than between thirty and forty persons present Mr'' shortly afterwards, the hall began to fill, and by a Quarter past eight, there were nearly five hundred persons present, amongst whom, however, the juvenile element was largely conspicuously The chair was occupied by Mr. W. Maley, the Prosidoûfc.of the As- sociation, who was supported by several members of the Association, three members of the Legislature, and a number of citizens. The Chairman, having briefly opened the meeting, called upon Mr. W. H. Neelands to move the first resolution. Mr NXBLANDS said that when the Governor's speech was first before the public, it was Regarded as al Very statesmanlike production, but after few days had passed, and people had had little to consider it, then then pinions changed; and they did not now regard often that light. This colony had had fifty-seven years experience of thejHdíBé Government, rated they feel that its Government had not Jtteep! a success, and, he advocated the speedy ^¿ddp*wnto£ Responsible Government for the colony, which was, he said, in quite as fit a position to managers affairs! as Queensland I was 25 years ago, when she adopted a similar form of government The Responsible Government party in the House has expressed their determination to try it, and he saw no reason why it should not be given a-trial. They found by the Governor's financial statement that the colony was in a very bad state, and he asked why. the Government had not foreseen- it, and taken measures to meet such a crisis r Hal any ministry in the other colonies brought forward such a statement its that contained in the Governor's speech, they would have found themselves compelled to resign, and very likely would have; gone down to the House with their resignations," already written, in their pockets. Laughter.) He begged to move the following resolution ; "That this meeting approves of the recent action taken by the Responsible Government party in the Legislative Council, in reference to the present political situation and financial condition of the country." > (Cheers.) * i Dr. SCOTT, M.L C., in seconding the resolution, said he thought they would all endorse the action taken by the Responsible Government party in the Council with reference to that question. The action taken had been with a view of bringing the matter to a point. (Cheers.) They thought that when such a statement had been put forth by the Secretary of State, it was their duty to press the question was far as the Home Government was concerned. He, did not believe the financial position of the colony was as bad as they would be led to believe by the speech of the Governor, and we brought away would be justified in thinking that only a gbbaS had been raised to frighten charge He could not help thinking the Governor, M a shrewd business man (2 Oh oh !") could not have thought what would be the result of raising such a ghost, or else that he affected to frighten them out of prosecuting this question. It did" not rest with the people to look forward to a year of uncertainty, and it was a very serious thing to find the present Government were going to ship them in such a very doubtful ship, t He thought it was rather tear drafted to put forward a policy by which expenditure and revenue might be adjusted. Therefore, he considered the Responsible Government party were quite right in pressing dpWtHq-Honie Government the necessity of giving "West AusiraUafiS the right to manage their own affairs. Although he had for years' expressed his opinion, that Responsible Government was a date? to be asked for, he did not believe, nor did he. impose any quiet, thoughtful person would believe, that it would bring them every prosperity i but he thought that if they took over the colony, they had people lirrlortgsfc them of whom they would not be ashamed, and who would not larinch then! into difficulties. He hoped that within the next Sit months, they would receives Öefimto'-answer from the Secretary of State, and that that answer would be in their favour. (Cheers). The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. JAMIESON moved the second resolution "That this meeting tenders' its thanks to those members of the Legislative Council who have consistently advocated Responsible Government, and requests that this resolu- tion be conveyed to the leader of the Opposi- tion." Speaking of the colony's finances, he said the Government had shown either a marked indifference to, or a total incapacity for the work they had to do. They were culpable in not foreseeing that the works they had undertaken would not be finished. They said in their defence that they would not have known that the revenue would decrease, but that was no answer, especially as the only revenue that had largely decreased was the land revenue. The reason for that was plain. There was a Speculation in land at Derby which could not occur again. Then again they found that a syndicate held 40000 square miles of territory along the Beverley-Albany railway line, and that being thus locked up, they could not expect to derive any revenue from it. Then again certain land j regulations had been passed which made it impossible to settle on the land. That being? so it was very evident the income from land would go on decreasing for years. The ss indicate would go into the market and be able to sell land at 10s per acre, but the Government would want to sell the land at £1 an acre and would not be able to sell to. in the revenue had' decreased £10,000 this year, and that was what ought to to have been foreseen. It! was this that he made many men come forward and say "we , can do without our guardians, 'and' must dismiss them, if we can." (Cheers). Mr. JOHN HORGAN, in seconding the resolution, said that the Secretary of State had been alluded to as one who threw obstacles in the way of Responsible Government. When a man made a statement to the public, he had another to make a private andidonfidential one besides. (Laughter.) They had feed the public one, but had not seen the private one. (Laughter.) It was a very remarkable circumstance that some of the leading newspapers in London howled Sue against Rev responsible Government for this colony Why ? Once Governor knew somethingjof,pres3 work Possibly they might attribute it to him. (Laughter.) Were they to be instructed by his organ here, the West Australian ? (Cheers and laughter.)' It was a consistent opponent of Responsible Government, and was the otter ego of the Governor J At present the destinies' of the British empire were in the hands of the Tories, who were called the " stupid party." (Laughter.) They had a partly here who closely resembled that party, and it was the party who hovered around Government House. (Laughter.) They found their, day was at an end, and that their time! was over. The Tories would soon be ignominiously kicked out, and then we should have Responsible Government. (Cheers.) He had much pleasure in seconding the resolution.' "">''' Mr. W. TRAYLEN said he was sure the i colonists must feel extremely (flattered, on 1 Reading the character which had been given them by Sir Malcolm Fraser. He had called them poor and wholly insignificant. Of course, they did not require to be told that, but they wanted to come out of that state, and to take their place amongst the nations of the world. (Cheers). If they were poor and insignificant, some of them were sober. (Uproar.) It might not be altogether an un- mixed evil that this delay had arisen. He had come to look at it in this light. -? It the 'Home Government had approved of the immediate introduction of Responsible Government, and had designed a constitutional' bill for this colony, they might have found it wholly impossible to get them to withdraw from their position, should any of its provisions not have been acceptable to the peace plan of this colony. As they had not done so," he concluded they thought the colonists were not in a berry, and that it would, therefore, be possible for the Legislature, if they thought it desirable, to pass a series of resolutions which "would give the Imperial Government an idea of what we want He felt very sore about the recommendation of the Governor which, 'suggests to the Imperial, authorities that they should make special legislation for the protection of the aborigines of this colony. He believed this. and- by G( Jo str th on th, the '(C do And 'ed, the ex fel wl co th. th TTm T~t-j-"-i A- ? n That they had laws and regulations that affoided"*protectibs to~*tne_äßoriglnB8, and he should not like to see anything in the future constitution bill pointing to the treatment of the aborigines as being improper When such a clause found its way into the bill it would not be taken out with the same readiness as they expected of their own tolls (Hear, hear.) The resolution was then put and carried, land the Chairman, addressing Mr S H 'Parkt*rjMLC,readthe resolution, and export and his appreciation of the attitude which had been adopted by him and his fellow members in the House. Mr. PARKER, in reply, said he was sure it British? afford all of them pleasure to be present at the meeting The members felt a debt of gratitude to those for taking up the matter in that manner, and that with the people of Perth and Fremantle at their backs', they could carry all before them. He hoped the Australian natives would not Eot up exclusive ideas, but would open the w rtrnVs for, everyone who came to this colony. The idea of the colonists was not what some of the London papers would make it out to be, namely, that they were working for Responsible Government simply to keep Englishmen out of Western Australia. It was obvious from such a statement v how little was known by the writers of such articles Speaking on the subject of the resolution, he said the Legislature had intimated to the Secretary of State what they would do in certain contingencies, and he thought they had intimated it pretty clearly In doing so, t^eyhadno idea of threatening the Home Government, but their intention was to my mate JjHejjf badly full 'krioVlfajge of their constitutional rights "* It was a great power to possess, and almost the only power they had, and if they were backed up by the people of the colony, he thought they would soon find they would get what they wanted (Cheers ) The subject of Responsible Government was such a good toothache thought it was a pity to cast reflections upon anyone The Governor had done all he could to help the matter forward, and no stronger language could have been used than that part of the Governor a despatch to the Secretary of State where he said the colony had passed the stage at which the Government can be satisfactorily carried on under the existing constitution Referring to that has been said respecting the telegrams from the Score tary of State upon the question of constitu- final charge Mr Parker said he thought it was a pity that both telegrams had not been publTihoJ, instead of only the first one approving of the principle of Responsible Government It was to be hoped that the telegram which the Governor had been asked to send to the Secretary of State would be attended to, and he had every reason to trust to af ere long, a satisfactory reply would DO received He saw no reason why in the session that would meet next year, in June or July, they should not be able to pass a constitutional bill It had been said that if they were to pass estimated for six months only, they could compel the" Governor to call them together before June last year, and if they found it necessary to do so, they world (Cheers; The party in the House were determined to carry the matter in a successful issue ''They had many men among them who were ready, willing, and able to carry out the affairs of the Government of this colony And although they must not expect very great thingsIrömthoiCliangTe, he felt sure tHoy-wonld-find considerable benefits when, they had the people governing the colony by its own representatives" When they came to look at the figures in the Governor s speech they would see there was nothing to be depressed at They settled that the Government had made a mistake is of £31,000 in the estimated revenue, and that so far the the revenue was concerned there was no falling off The- revenue badly during the past few years been in creasing erroneously and there had been" no falling off except in the land sales, and they could hardly aspect that, in such years of depression, there could be any great speculation in that direction When they thought of what 40,00 people had done in this colony, it was perfectly mûrvo'lffls, and they could hardly be astonished that the expenditure should have somewhat exceeded the revenue (Chema ) The only thing that would astonish one Was that the difference had not been greater (Cheers ) ? When" they bore in mind how few had been? the financial failures, that by odd bye they would have railway communication between the cHy trad Albany; and would then be brought into communication with the outer world when they bore in mind what they had to look forward to in the next two years, he thought they had every prospect of seeing a very great change of prosperity in this colony (Cheers ) After carefully reading the Governor s speech, he saw no reason to think that anyone need fear for the future prospects of Western Australia (Cheers ) There was one ques tion that he ought to touch upon the referred to the tariff He believed the idea of members of the Legislature was to do all in their power to benefit the industries already established, and to foster new industries, and, to keep amongst us a large amount of money that goes abroad at the present, and that they might be able to provide employment for a large number of emigrants (Cheers ) Mr. HENSMAN said it afforded him pleasure to be present at that the first meeting of the Australian Natives Association When certain events occurred, of which they were perfectly aware, in answer to a request made to him, he stated that so far as it was pos- sible for a human beings tor know, Jio intended] to mat of this colony the land of his adoption Ihcrofce, if he could not call himself a native e of Australia, he thought he might call himself a cousin (Laughter) They had met there to touch upon the present political situation they had, as they 1 now, received what night seem to be a cheek, but he did not think at was one. It was ltripossib of that in such a subject as this , the could be any going VcL The English people had never been known to go back cheeks and he did not think that anyone could do more than to delay the introduction of Responsible Goverment The other evening, they were told in the Legislative Council they were only a Vesf ry, or a sort of municipal council, and they were also told they resembled a. sort of smallinseat, and that if they annoyed: the British lion, he would crunch them up (Laughter) There were nothing to be said upon such things He' supposed no one would listen to them, but that they came from the leader of the Government in this" colony Well, should they be grouped op crushed up, it would be simply because they were asking for what was possessed by all soothe other colonies, and what the Governor had admitted was wanted (Cheers) The people of this colony might be poor, and might not be numerous, but they were Englishmen, and were prepared to stand by what they asked for (Cheers) As to the British people being annoyed at them asking for Responsible Government, he thought they would be astonished if they" did not do so With regard to the financial condition of this colony, he proposed to say nothing more than this It was very hard to be miss represented He thought a, public man should never be too thin skinned, and he was quite prepared to take his share of criticism, or to be reviled But he did object to having "words put into his mouth, and he there fore desired to say that when a certain paper had stated that he said in the Houses the colony was "on the brink of rum "--he desired to say that he said nothing of the kind He admitted that he had said he believed the Government had muddled and mismanaged the finances, and he was careful not to say more than this -that if the state of the colony was such as was put forth in the Governors speech, he thought it was doubtful whether it was judicious to put it forth in the same way it was put forth in that speech He echoed what had been said in other quarters about the future of this colony, provided the colony is not interfered or muddled with by an in competent Government. He did not think G overûment could make a colony He thought the more it was left alone the better. Bat although a country could not be made the better by Government, that Government could do a deal of mischief Therefore, U the colony could produce men only equal to those in other parts of Australia, the future of the colony was assured It had been stated that this colony was now considering the tariff He was not going into the question further than to say this-that he thought it was a pity the matter was not left for a Government clearly representing the people to go into But be that as it might even if he stood alone, he should "always raise his voice against increasing the til C en Be he e as the a in Re bA JB 5 at An one by 'an of for mi ed to ha ha pa duties of articles necessary to the people, and në"was*"sbrry to say that, EFfluTpfe^enti time, a large duty shonldjiaveibesn put upon meal and potatoes: All thà%'nièant increas- ing the revenue, and that it would press most heavily upon those who had the smallest incomes. Mr. Hensman concluded his address by advising the Association to do its utmost to encourage patriotism amongst its members, and thanked the meeting for the resolution they had conveyed to the members of the Legislature during the evening. A vote of thanks to the chairman, brought the meeting to a close. r.,, I i JJ 'for ! ' i , '4-6 M It is 