NEWS OF- .THE WORLD Between 3000 and 1000, horses die every week i London; ?? ! A Spaniard looks apon a drunkard with horre and contempt. Oranges were first introduced into Europe fror Mina im 1547, Th« total strength of the New Zealand Voluntce force is 10,300. Thc number of " regular Baptists " in tho Unitei States IB 2,572,238. It is estimated thora are ia tho world 47,500,001 cattle and 105,000,000 Bheop. " Gallagher's Ghost " was suggested as an appro (ríate name for New South Wales. Ono of the profitable industries of California ii the growing of tho English walnut. lack of room is said to keep 7000 ohildron out ol tho publio sohools in Now York oity. lu Et. Louis "OOOlbs of copper have boon used ic Balking one steam kottle for a brewery. £5000 have been subscribed towards tho relie* el ?affcrsrs by tho Inte floods in Queensland. Gormany has officially informed France that she does not object to tho vote for army supplies. During tho past year un area of over 3,000,000 of acres has been swept by prairie Ares ia Toxin. Durrng the pnstyear, 150 persons have been killod tn tho streots of Chloago by railroad nooidents. In some ports of Arkansas and Texas, coloured labourers are asking 14s per day for picking cotton, Tho proposals made in oonncotion with tho trans- fer of tho affairs of Messrs. Wilson and Co., have «led. The Salvation Array use in tko United Kingdom 1200 buildings, and pay rentals amounting yearly »oflH0,O00. A silver lode, with an outorop of 45 fect'lhiok, and extending five miles, is reported from Fort Darwin (Mary Uiver). During tho year 1880 227 insolvencies wore regis- tered in tho Melbourne district, with liabilities anoanting to £018,100. Two Maoris near Ormond, N.Z., wero rscontly aocased of witchcraft, and shot. An attempt was made to burn tho bodies. A syndicalo of Danish capitalists hus been formed j to assist tho emigration of smnll farmer», to roar a colony in tho far North-west of Canada. The French having apparently withdrawn their apposition, the slavery of tho Egyptian corvee stands a ebonee of becoming a thing of the past. The Governor of Alabama, ia his annual message, states that moro than one- third of tho rovonuos of the stato, aro devoted to the publio Sohools. The Supreme Court of Kansas has decided that a seaoiidadvontistcnnuotlawfully ignoro tho Sabbath hecauso ho observes Saturday as his Sabbath. Tho Queensland pcoplo favour Tenterfield na tho plaoe whore tho break of gaugo on tho border lino between N.S.W. nnd Queensland Bhall ooour. In onlor to commcmoitato tho Jubileo^ear, Inver- ness proposes to erect a museum and make it thor- oughly representativo of Highland antiquities. Tho Government Statist of Vfotoria estimates tho population of that colony on December HI last at l-.Oll.'I.OOö, or an inorcaso during tho year of 41,136. Tho deaths of children undor 5 years on tho population generally, is given ns 10 per cont,, while jhoso of the Society of Friends reaches only 7J per cent. John Bright fays tho march of civilization is slow, and that if tho drink traillo weiro unknown among us, half thc crime and poverty woifld dis- appear. Tobacco is said to require a year s seasoning before usc, othcrwiso it will cause soreness, and in some coses swelling of tho sides and bnok oí tho j tongue. Tho work of deepening tho Seine to a dopth of I three metres (10ft.) kns been finished. Tho river can pow bo novigated-by vessels of about 1000 toas J barden. |1 