BROADRIBWS NEW YORK LETTER. i. A i^— As you enter t.he solemn and stiitoly gate of Greenwood Cciuletery, oil a lovely little dnliticnce to tlie right ia a beautiful miniature Grecian Temple ; one of the handsomest and most costly mausoleums that adorns that splendid necropolis. Almost at its font, across the path, is the grave of Louis Bonnard, marked by a simple and beautiful oross ; telling the wonderful story of the ilunlble artizan, who toiled on patiently through a long life, and died in squalor and apparent poverty, and left two hundred thousand dollars to ' The Society for the Prevention of Cruolty to Animals.' Just to the left of the little Temple on the Hill—a majestic shaft perpetuates the mmitory of Mrs. Oswald OUteild'tirPaf, whose first husband i.]io founder of the Utaats tjc'xtung ; a woman worthy of a place among her country's noblest doad. The Grecian Temple mentioned at the opening of this article covers all that is niortdl of John Anders in, whose fame hi this World r^sts solely t>.i the filet tliat he invented Solace I'obacco. Not much, perhaps, you will say to build up fame, here or hereafter ; perhaps not; but then, you don't chew, you have never experienced the delights of a quid. You have never been on the picket guard at night, in rain and snow and sleet, or you have never stood on the bridge of a steamer, or the forecastle of a sailing ship, when the salt waves were dashing over you. If you had you might say, 1 Rcquiescat in pace, John Anderson.' He died many times a millionaire, and his fortune was made by one of those lucky chances which make or mar a man for all time. His shop in 1840, stood on Broadway, at the corner of the Old Hospital Grounds, almost facing the spot •■vhero Pearl Street enters Broadway. It was an humble little place enough ; but behind the cob liter, dealing but tobacco and cigars to the dudes liftl? & Century ago, was Mary Ivodgers, known as tho beautiful cigar girl. She was a mine of wealth to John Anderson. for thousands of young fellows learned to smoke, just for tho privilege of lakintr a oisrar from l er beautiful fingers. Those were, indeed, Democratic days, for a prime Savanna, rich and fragrant, cost only three cents, and tho reckless vagabond who indulged in a five center, was abandoned by his relatives, and his ruin prognosticated by those who execrated his extravagance and mourned his downfall. Twelve honest cigars nicely put up in a papet hagjtoat & York . of primeval innocence and simplicity. When pleuropneumonia, spinal meningitis and Bright's disease, were no more known than the history of the fixed atfU's. General Scott, the $rertlesl hero of his day, walking down Broadway and finding his check empty, i stepped into John Anderson's little shop, and got a paper of tobacco. Whether it was the really excellent quality of tho weed, or tho sparklinj eyes of Mary Rodgers, I know not, but tho very next day the General called again and got another paper. Poor Mary Rodgers went out ono Sunday afternoon, and she tvoa niivBr sben iieitin till her body was found floating in the Hudson opposite Sybil's Cave, under tho Hoboken Cliffs, not far from Weehawken Dell, where Aaron Burr killed Alexander Hamilton. The Mexican war came on, and General Scott went down to the land of the Aatecs ; there was plenty of tobacco there, but there was nothing like John Anderson's. The Genoral sent on a special order to New York for sevoral boxes of tobacco—intimating that tho Mexican campaign mightpossibly boafailure without it. John Andfefaon did a lot up in tinfoil And despatched it to the seat of war, whore it arrived in time to assist in the victory of Molino dol Bey, and enter into the capital city of tho Aztecs. When in the Royal palace of tho Monto zumas tho Genoral stretched himself out 011 ono of the gorgeous divans, I10 took in a huge quid of his favourite weed in his cheek, and wrote to his friend John Anderson, that ho was a benefactor of Ills face, and his tobitcCo was indeed, a S'lace. The word snlacc struck John Anderson, and thereafter ho sent forth John Anderson's Solace tobacco. Tho name spread liko wildtiro, and the once humblo tobacconist of LliO little Broadway shop became the possessor of • millions : but his millions brought him not peace of mind nor happiness. Illusions haunted him ; the ghost of the beautiful Mary Rodgc-rs fol lowed him day and night. He was unfor tunate in his children, and it nearly killed him when his daughter's husband, disgraced and wrecked) was hutfed ftom the Judge's bench to irretrievable ruin and infamy. This little Temple covers a broken heart and a wrecked life , the wealth of Midas could not save him, and this week his grandchild appears in the Courts to f-ght for the pat rimony of which, she says, her uncle robbed her. The millions are melting away ; but the little Temple on the hill remains to point a moral and adorn a tale, It is not altogher pleasant to see a priest, although unfrocked, presiding at a meeting where assassination was openlj' advocated. On Thursday night, Father McGlynn pre sided at a meeting ostensibly for the purpose <>f protesting against tho Russian treaty ; but which, before il3 conclusion, drifted into tho wildest kinduf anarchy. When allusions were made to assassinating tho Czar with bombs, they were received with uproarious acclamation ; while the name of Secretary Bayard invoked a storm of hissos ! What more did Herr Most'do than this ? What more did those felons in Chicago, who are now standing under the shadow of tho gallows ? The Russian Czar was a tyrant worthy of death to the Isihilists ! The police of Chic ago were tyrants, considered worthy of death by tho anarchists! A very grave question is presented to us by theso new school reformers: Are the people of the United States ready to endorse assassination? Two American Presidents have been stricken down, and justice has fcesn meted out to both of tho assassins. The President of the United States is in greater peril than the ruler of Russia. President Cleveland sits in his plain Democratic house without a body guard ; twenty-five or thirty millions may not like his parson or his admini stration ; but , we give notice to all tho world, if a hair of his head is harmed, if the earth contains his assailant we will find him. Doctor McGlynn no doubt fells very much outraged that Mr. O'Brien was stoned in Kingston and Toronto ; and yet ho has no word of condemnation for the ruffian who attempted to assassinate the Czar or for tho villain who did kill his father, a man who Snnncipated more slaves than there was in the United States. The United States must not bo made a harbor for rissassins, whether thoy come from Phconix Park or Moscow. — A remarkable trial ended this week in tho conviction of tho murderer of Lyman S. Weeks. Mr. Weeks lived in Brooklyn in a beautiful home, and had everything about him to make life happy. Ho was a man of splondid physique and fearless as . a lion. At ittictnigilt d few ireekfe agd lib -rt'rta Awakened by his wife who heard some one moving in ihe lower part of tho house. Mr. Weeks hastily descended and in a few moments his wifo, following him, found him dead upon the floor of tho dining room. No one hoard tho roport of the pistol which sent tho ball crashing throughliis brain. No one saw the assassin commit the deed, but such a not of circumstantial evidence was wovon about onfi OraonwPll that the jury prorriptly coilVicted him of murder in the first degree. Several of the witnesses were acknowledged thieves and incidentally to the testimony in the murder case came stories of robbery and plunder enough to fill a yellow covered-novel. A queer strike occurred, liero among the' givivo-diggers of Calvary Cemetery, but this time they did not get the arbitration of the Knights of Labor, for Bishop Lmghlin of Brooklyn took the bull by thehornsand made short work of tile strike. In Calvary Ceme tery ivere tiro old grave-diggers »vho refused to join tho Grave-diggers' Protective Union K. of L. It was not alleged that they wero liol good ctrrtve-diggorB, or that thoy were not good Catholics, or that thoy drank un due quantities of whiskey, or in fact, did anything that good grave diggers ought not to do; but thoy swore by the living Jingo that they would not join theK. of L. so the restof tho men demanded their instant, discharge; bilt If i-lic If. of L. ffrire )n front of them llisy had iiishop Loughlin at their back, and they could no more be moved than tho bold Fitz James when confronted by Roderick Dhu. Now, under ordinary circumstances, and in his normal condition, Bishop Loughlin is one of the tiwnetnst and niildnst, and quietest oij men; but priest or layman must not rub his fur tho wrong way. Br >ad gauged, generous, charitable, full of human sympathy plainly democraticand unassuming, he never theless entertains the very highest opinion of his sacerdotal office, and woo unto him who undertakes to interfere with his preroga tive. Now, Calvary Cemetery is under tho exclusive control of the Bishop, and the ad ministration of this important trust reflects on him tho highest credit. He cannot tole rato injustice of any kind, and when he found tho grave-diggers banded against two faithful workmen who had served him honestly and well, ho took up the cudgel in (hair behalf. As soon as fcho good Bishop got the difficulty well in hand and learned the ultimatum of thd refntetory digger.i-^'discliarge tlietwookl sarv.-itits dr lio graves'—^'.ie soiit for tlie irien orie by otle and put the question to them would they go to work? and they all said no. So the .Bishop discharged every man Jack of them and put now men in their places, and the next morning the whole pack came back howling for a job. On promise of future good behaviour some of them wore reinstated and it is fair to presume that the Grave-diggers' Protective Union K. of L. will try no more foolish experiments with Biahop' Louglin. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 