SABINA ZEMBRA. A NOVKL Br WILLIAM BLACK. Author of " M.AChEOD of Dark," "A Pitisciws oi' Thule," Ac. (The Right of Translation U Reserved.) CHAPTER X ILL — (Continued.) The reason why Janic had nothing to say about Mr. Foster was simply this : She had learned from her mother what were his prin cipal haunts and r»he tool: care tliafc her mother and herself should keep away from these. They never went out to the end of the West Tier nor to the end of the Chain Pier ; and they pcldom went into the Old Hfcync Enclosures or the Pavilion Gardens. For Janie's vatjuc dislike for the young man had developed into something like hatred when she beard that lie had attempted to carry oil Sabina', from them : and that attempt having been fortunately frustrated she was resolved. that it wonkl not he through her mother and herself that any commmiiea- 1 ions should be resumed. And she was no- lighter to f<?c that Sabina never even men tioned his name, She had feared the worst from the curious interest that Sabina seemed to take in the diameter and fortunes of the stranger whom chance had thrown in her way. Put that was all over now. lie had been stent about his business. Sabina was hack in London, and sooner or later Walter Lindsay would be culling in at JCensington- bqumc to fee .Mr. Wygrari. Erightoa is a small place; .Tunic was caught at last. Kcr mother had lain down for ;t while ulVr lurid; : the daughter had come out for a bit of a stroll and had wan dered down to the wrafrotit. where she took u yeat ori one of the beuehc-. A passing Jiufh-chair was stopped Tor a moment just us it reached her. ' I. beg your pardon. Mis Wycrrarn. but Fm afraid von have forgotten me »" #ho- thought it, was nn intolerable piece of nftronl cry that, he should spunk to her, alter what, hull happened, bat she could not be jtositively ru.lv. 44 flow do yon do. Mr. LV;fcr she said, and she gave him her hand for a moment. " 1 hope you are getting on vvcik" " Oh. lyes, very weU." lie said, cheerfully. ' 1 can move about a little now. indoors. I think the Derby week will see me on my legs again. And how js .Miss Xr.inbra ! I suppose you have heard from her." And then it Hashed upon her that ho was ! Resuming she knew nothing of what had occurred, for how else oirdd he dare to talk about- Sabina in this free-and-easy fashion? 44 Oh, yes, J hoar from her frequently ; she i? very well, J believe. What, a plea-ant, iitemoon fur going about !' if tbUwiiH not an intimation to him that lie might move oo she did not know what was. Hut h;i remained. f have roundit very different since she left." said lie. with a rueful smile. " Very different indeed, 1. hud no idea we had been such constant companions until she left. Brighton socio? quite deserted now. Von see, you get into the habit of meeting people in a place like this, one day being just like the day before it, and yon don't notice, perhaps, how much you are thrown together, but yon lind out when they leave." 44 Yes ?" vn id .Tanic ; which was rather cold encouragement. 'And Fin awfully sorry, she went away so hurriedly, '' he ' continued (and Janic wished he would not stare at her so uncom promisingly with his clear, hard, blue eyes). 44 i don't mind telling you there was a kiml of — kind of — well, something happened Mint might have admitted of some explanation if only she had not gone away so abrnptly. I was awfully sorry — if J. could have seen her for merely a couple of minutes 1 could have explained a lot. Vcs ; arid there's another thing 1 wanted to say to her before she went back to London — well, it was talked about occasionally hero — but I wanted to impress it on hnr— nlon't you think she ought 1o look about for some male companion — 1 suppose she could not afford a secretary ? — but some male companion, any way, to go with her through all those places/" " Miss Zewbrn," said .lunie, distantly (for she was. not going to call her 4 .Sabic' to him) only goes to places where she is known j besides, she can lake care of herself." 44 Ob, 1 do not mean in that way," he said, and her accepted her rcpellant attitude with much good nature ; perhaps he did not notice it. 44 I mean in the way of her getting sharped. 1 imagine she is imposed on by a whole crowd of cringing, fawning, sneaking wretches. If a man were to go with her he would let a little daylight into the whole affair." 44 You think he would get to know more . about those people than she could /" Junta asked. 44 1 suppose you are not aware then that Miss Membra is a member of the Charity Organisation Society "lTut she is a woman." 44 A woman may have as sharp eyes as a man." 44 But she is sure to have a softer heart — and that's where the trouble comes in." Janie remained obdurate. Even that little bit of adroit flattery had no effect on her. And Mr. Foster, seeing that she was not inclined for further conversation, left a friendly message for her mother and passed on. That evening's dispatch to Sabina could not well omit all mention of this interview ; but Junta had no scruples whatever about sending a distinctly garbled version. " He scorned as cheerful and complacent a3 vou could wish," she wrote, amongst other things, " and put all tlic blame on you lor having gone away so hurriedly. Every thing eouid have been puf? right by an ex planation. I suppose he means he could have explained why it was absolutely neces sary yon should become his wife. And he .wai kind enough to Kay that Brighton felt quite lonely now that you had gone, and that be had no idea you and he had been so much together. 1 suppose because he had not taken the trouble to notice." This letter— the animus of which she well understood and could discard — set Sahic still further wondering. What explanation could he mean / And ho he had been look ing back over their companibnship together, and perhaps valuing it a little/ And she was glad that he was putt ing so brave a face ou his disappointment, for slic assumed that there must have been some disappointment. A man does not ask a wouian to be his wife without having seriously thought it over and laid far-reaching plans and cherished hopes that lie is anxious to have fulfilled. And, of course, so important a choice is a groat honor lo confer upon any girl ; and one not lightly or un gratefully to be thrown aside. What expla nation was it / she asked herself again and again. She knew that lie was not a senti mental person, but then neither was she herself ; perhaps she ought to have waited, and listened to what lit; lind to say, and been less discourteous in her summary re fusal. . It may have been this continual question ing of herself that caused Sabina, one after noon as she was going down through Kensington-square, lo pass Walter Lindsay without recognition, lie had not been so blind. He had seen her a long way off ; and .it twos -as if something had suddenly grasped his heart and made it ceac to beat. He did not know she had returned to Ixmdon. He was not prepared. The calm and equable friend ship he had promised himself was not there with its quieting influence ; and he only knew that the sight of Sabina advancing to wards 'him — the real Sabina — here in iven- sington-square — in Kensington- square that he " had peopled so often with ghosts and visions of her— this actual thing bewildered . him. out of his sense, and he could not think what he was to say to her. How was he to account for her being in Kensington- square at all / Wa some one ill, that she had so suddenly come back She would he startled and displeased at confronting him so unexpectedly / Sabina came along, all unheeding. She was not looking at anyone whom she might meet ; her eyca were absorbed. And when she passed him he was still silent, almost fearing to disturb her ; but the next moment something within him took control of hire, and ho advanced a quick step or two. : » MUs Zembra IV ftlie turned with a little start; but the , moment she saw who it was there was a quick outshining of friendliness from the . beatitiful eyes, and a pleasant smile of wel- come. £he had been much harassed and ' worried these hist few days ; she had been almost alone ; here was an old friend who had been kind to her many a time. And she did not know that she allowed him to retain her liaud whilo they were mutually asking aud answering the usual preliminary questions (perhaps he did not know it either), aud she took 110 pains to conceal the plea sure with which she recognised him ; and her ©yes met his with a frankness that took no tliought of consequences. In short, during -hese few second3 her conduct was abomin- able, «Mrs. Wygram would have ?aid : but Mrs. Wygrarn was altogether forgotten in the surprise and gladness of this unexpected meeting. "'You arc going down 1 hub way/'' he said, looking towards the end of the Square. " Yes. i am going down to Cornwall Gardens, i t is not often I pay afternoon calls; but i ain to meet an old admiral who has been of great service to me so vera! times, and I shall have plenty of opportunity to thank him — that is, io beg for future favors." 44 May I walk as far with you 44 if you like," she said/wiihout hesitation, 44 Jf it is not out of your way." And here ho was actually walking side by side with Sabina along the Kensington- square pavement, as many and many a t ime ! he had vainly imagined and pictured to himself. And what a tragic thing that he could only talk to her about trivial matters — about Brighton lodging-houses and tlic crowds at South Kensington of an evening, and the various gossip of the studios — when all the time lie was dying to tell her of the newly established relationship, the unal terable and perfect friendship that was to iust between the.se two for ever and ever and evermore. Of course lie could not tell her ; for she knew of no other relationship— and hnd probably never dreamed of any, and so lie had to pretend to be eagerly interested in training-ships and the like ; while all the pleasant and amusing tilings he had been storing up for her during these many weeks had gone ck-an out of hU head. Xo matter : Sabina was about as close to him as she had been in the hansom, and he was keeping «tcj> with her as well as he could, ami bending towards her a little so that he could listen to her the more easily, and sometimes he succeeded in making her laugh, and her laugh was pleasant to hear. And he knew that lor him thence forth this Victoria-road would be a blessed thoroughfare ; he and she to gether had parsed underneath the over hanging trees of those front gardens ; for him at least the place would be fur ever haunted. Xor even when she hnd passed within the hated portals of Mint house in Cornwall Gardens was he likely to quit the neighbor hood so long as she was there. Of course 1m could not wait rind offer to escort her back home neuin. if she was going homo ; that would have been too significant ; but he could linger unobserved until she came out, and have at least a last glimpse of her. And that was all ho obtained, for on Sabina's coming out of the house she took the first cab she saw, and was driven away, lie know not whither. But he was happy enough ; nny. his heart was filled with rejoicing. Xor would lie go northward by Victoria-road and Kcnsinpton- sqnarn : the way they had come seemed to him still rich with thegloryof her presence ; lie would not go and see how empty the thoroughfares looked. Xo, he went away in another direction altogether; and eventually, after many aimless turnings and wanderings, found himself towards 7 o'clock, out in the Addisou-road neighborhood and at the door of the st udio of an old chum of hi. This Willie Mcteyurd was rather celebrated in his way as having been an unconscionable number of times on the very edge of being elected to the Academy, and failing at the last, moment through some unexpected com bination ; but lie took these disappointments very equably, anil worked away at his pic tures of Irish peasant life with an assiduity which brought him a fair amount of fame and the dealers a large amount of money. He was a bachelor ; aud lie was sitting down to a bachelor dinner when Walter Lindsay entered. Artists :h a rule are not over- cxaeting in their needs ; Mure wui soon another plate on the table. "What are you going to do « to-night, Willie i" the visitor asked, 44 I'm going with those Mowbray girls and their mother to the ihoulru." 44 You'll have to dress and get away imme diately, I suppose 44 Yes." "What a nuisance.' You'd much better stop where you are : and we'll go into the studio, and have a pipe and some music." Now, Mr. Metoyani was much fonder of music than .'of Mic theatre ; and lie knew that when Lindsay got into the vein he played very well indeed, and with quite un usual feeling ; besides, Lindsay was an old friend; and the Mowbrays were mere ac quaintances ; and the promise was not a very definite one : and there was a large party going to the theatre, and lie would not he missed. Finally, he wanted to stop — and he stopped. The evening passed pleasantly enough ; though by degrees the two friends ceased from music, and took mostly to smoking and lounging and chatting in the comfortable hushed studio. And, of course, Walter Lindsay hud but one subject, to which he returned again and again, by many subter fuges ; and that subject, of course, was the beautiful nature and disposition of Miss Zembru. and the ennobling effect of an assured friendship with such a woman ; the influence it must have on one's character, and on one's work too, making it sincere, and earnest, and of a lofty aim — all of which Willie Mctnvurd had heard a few times before. At last he said — 44 hook here. Walter, my good follow, let's have an end of this. It's no use your try ing to humbug inc. All your talk about friendship is pure idiotey. t tell you L believe wiiai you say of the girl. I suppose it's all true. But I . tell you this as well— and it's as plain as a pikestaff to every one but yourself — f tell you, you're just madly in Jove with her." (TO RE COXTIXUED.) 