CHAPTEK XII.-A STEC'IAX TEI.EGH.VM A few day3 after the occurrence of the events narrated inmy last chapter Colonel Sloane sat in his private room in the hotel at Long Branch reading the Neto York Ho aid of that morning. Suddenly he started and uttered an exclamation. Hia eye had fallen on the following, printed in all the glory of terrific headings and long type: [SPECIAL " HERALD" TELEGRAM ] THE SPERANZA MINE AND NED SEARLE'S GANG. MURDER OF TWO ENGLISHMEN. REPORTED DEATH OF Dunk SMITH, THE SHERIFF. NARROW ESCAPE OF AN ENGI NEER. THE LONELY SHANTY in THE GOLDKN GitLCH, HARROWING DETAILS. u Our Canaan correspondent writes us as follows:-CANAAN, Oct. 15th.-The Speranza district has just been the scene of a frightful affair, entailing the lo3s of several valuable lives. Among those who have perished is Cclonel Fotheringay, the well-known capitalist and owner of the Speranza claim, and a Mr. John Kelso, a travelling photographer. "Your readers will vividly remember the affray which took place about a week ago, when Mr. Dunn Smith, sheriff of Speranza, so heroically defended himself against Ned Searle, the robber, and a large number of his gang. It appears that Ned and several of the survivors took to the hills in the neighborhood of the Speranza Mine, where they were in hiding when Colonel Fotheringay, accompanied by Mr. Melvin, the engineer, arrived on a visit of inspection. "Thetwogentlemanwere escorted to the scene of operations by Mr. Dunn Smith and Mr. Kelso, the photographer. Here Mr. Smith appears to have left them with the view of returning home, but on hi3 way through the woods he was waylaid and shot by Ned Searle. " In the meantime the gang had sur rounded the shanty in the dead of the night. Aroused by the yells of the ruf fians Mr. Melvin managed to spring out, leap on his horse, and gallop away, not without receiving an ugly wound. But with the two others sleeping in the shanty it fared far worse. "Canying only six-Bhooters while the the robbeis were aimed with ri;le3, they were practically helplesa. With a re line ment of cruelty the head of the gang re quested them to step out and be Bhob in the open. On their refusal the shanty was fired. " The colonel and his companion, rush ing forth, fought desperately for some time, but were at last shot dead. "These are all the details that have at present reached your correspon dent. Much excitement is felt in the district, and^a vigilancecommitteehas been organised to hunt down these ruffians, who have long been the pest of the district. Their object is said to have been plunder, as Colonel Fotheringay was supposed to carry a large amount of greenbacks, be sides person jewellery valued at many thousand dollars. "Much sympathy is felt for Mr. Melvin, the engineer, and the only survivor, who is said to be prostrated with his terrible experience. In Colonel Fotheringay he mourns a friend and benefactor. He is now on his way to New York." Colonel Sloane sank back in his chair fairly grasping with amazement, then the blood left his cheeks and he trembled like a leaf. "It's Melvin's doing !" he groaned. "The murdering villain! Why did I let him go ?" Before he could recover from the first shock of the news the door opened, and his long-missing daughter, accompanied by Isabel Raymond, rushed into the room. Both the girls were pale as death and wildly agitated. He saw in a moment that they had heard the news. " Angy !" he cried. "Yes, papa," answered Angela hysteri cally, " I have come back ; I don't care now ; you can kill me, too, now you have murdered my Jack." "I-murdered him!" cried Sloane, aghast. " "What does the girl mean 2" Angy, are you mad ?" Here Isabel, who was as white as marble, but far more composed than her friend, interposed. "You have seen the newspaper-that horrible telegram. Speak ? is it true ? For God's sake, speak, and tell lis if it i3 true or false." "I know nothing about it," answered Sloane. "I'd only just looked at the paper." ! "Colonel Sloane, should it be true (Which Cod forbid), remember what I tell you now. You knew of this. Yon, j Bent Colonel Fotheringay to his death in that frightful place." " I," gasped the colonel, falling back as if shot. "Miss Raymond take care." "Oh, I am not afraid of you," said Isabel. " I know well what you are, and though for your daughter's sake I have I been silent, your villainy ha3 been long j known to me." "As heaven's my eternal jedge, Miss Raymond," returned Sloane pathetically, "I'm as innocent of this affair aa you or Angy. I was that fond of Fotheringay that I wouldn't have harmed a hair of his head ; and as for the other young chap, I'd no idee he was there. P'r'aps the news ain't true! P'r'aps it's the exag geration o' them Herald correspondents. At any rate don't blame mc." Meantime Angela had thrown herself, wildly sobbing, on a settee, and had hidden her face in her hands. ! "Oh, Jack ! Jack ! so good-so hand some-so young! It will break my heart!" "Don't take on so, my gal," said her father, wishing to look sympathetic, and quite oblivious of his former animosity to Kelso. " P'r'aps it ain't your Jack after all. He ain't a 'photographer,' is he? and it's not likely he'd be down at Speranza." ; "He was going there, I know," sobbed ; the girl. " Colonel Sloane," cried Isabel, " what is to be done ? How can we ascertain the truth of these reports ?" "Only by waiting," replied Sloane. "Likely there'll be more details to- ' morrow." At this moment a servant entered with a telegram for Sloane. He opened it and read as follows : £' Come v.p here at once." ! The sender was Kyrie Melvin ; the office of issue New York. The colonel's manner convinced Isabel at once that tills telegram had reference to her own trouble, and ahe cried without hesitation, fixing her dark eyes upon him " Tell me the contents of that telegram! Who is it from 2" *' From Ivyrle Melvin," replied Sloane, after a moment's hesitation, and he placed it in her hands. Angela sprang up, and the two girls read the telegram breathlessly. "Oh, Isabel, it is his doing!" cried Angela. "He hated Jack for loving me !" Isabel did not know what to think. Her dislike to Melvin was not so intense as that of her friend, and, after all, it seemed improbable that the engineer j could be to blame. The report said that ! he also had been attacked and had narrowly escaped with life. It was all very horrible and inexplicable. "ADgy, dear," she cried, "there Is only one thing to be done. We must take the cars at once to New York and find ^ this man." "Just what I was going to suggest," said Sloane. "And with your permission I'll be your escort." Great as was her dislike to Sloane, Isabel was far too anxious to object to i this arrangement, so all throe set forth together-the colonel nervously excited, the girls still crying bitterly. On arrivingat New York they took a hired carriage, and were driven direct to the offices of the mining company in Wall-street, whence Melvin had sent his wire. In the outer office, which was large and finely furnished, several clerks were busy. "Mr. Melvin been here?" asked the colonel. One of the clerks replied in the affirmative. Yes, Mr. Melvin had called in the morniDg, and had promised to return in the afternoon. " We'll wait for him," said Sloane, leading the way into a large inner room, used for the meetings of the board. But Isabel drew back, crying to her friend "Come with me, Angy. Colonel Sloane, wait for us here-we shall be back directly." " But where are you going ?" " To the nearest telegraph-office. I have a message to send. Come, Angy." The girls disappeared, and the colonel, with a groan, sat down and lit a cigar. He was utterly perplexed and not a little alarmed. Several minutes passed. Then the door quietly opened, and a man entered, looking like a ghost from the grave. It was the engineer. No sooner did he appear than Sloane leapt to his feet and seized him with both hands. "You villain, you murdering villain, what does it all mean ?" "Let me go, you fool,'" answered Melvin ; "and speak lower, or else they'll hear you." " Is it true, then 2 Are they dead ?" "It is quite true. We were attacked in the night, and by a mere chance I escaped." Meantime Isabel and Angela hurried along the street towards the telegraph- i offices, which were a few blocks away. They were about to enter the building when a young man, plainly but neatly attired, came up and addressed them, touching his hat respectfully as he did so. "Beg pardon, ladies, but can I speak to j ou " Who are you 2" cried Isabel. "What do ycu want 2" "If you please, I'm Luke Stafford, his lord-Mr. Kelso's servant. I followed you up all the way from Long Branch." They looked at him in surprise, for up till that moment they had had no notion of his existence. He continued to address them earnestly for some minutes. A3 he spoke they started in wonder, and looked at each other. An hour passed, and Colonel Sloane and Melvin still waited in the board-room of the company. The engineer had told his story in detail, embellishing it with as many inventions aB he thought neces sary. Then Sloane had informed him that the two girls were at hand, eager for news oi the murdered men. Another half hour, and the colonel grew uneasy. He hastened into the outer office -they had not arrived ; then to the tele graph-office-no one there could give him any explanation. He returned, looking ghastly. " Can't make it out 1" hecried. "They only went to send a wire ! There's some thing ugly at the bottom of it, 1 calki late." Hours passed, and "still the girls did not return. That night the colonel, who was distracted, heard 110 word of them ; and during the day that followed they were still missing. 