Peppered Them. Pbofessoe PEPPEE .took an opportunity to pepper Tommy's followers in their thcphcr&'s absence. The young- raan is gone south to con test an election, hoping to be buck again in fhzqo wctks. By that time the contest will be (over, and the youth will hot be wanted down there afterwards. And whilst ho is away the mice will play. Tho wily professor got in and gave some unwelcome truth to all who had ears to hear and tongues to hiss. It was in this way: Some of those now lights which do not rule any part of. the day or.- night, have resorted . to a curious device. Their opponents have always got them into chancery by demanding positive i teaching. "Tell us what you teach," they say. "Well, to give an answer for bettor or worse, they now offer a few poor fragments of natural science. "What so natural, thercforo, as to ask Professor Pepper to keop up the sup ply in Tommy's absenco? It was just here that the fun began. The professor gave tho genuine article, but took care to say: "Gentlemen, this has nothing to do with religion. I teach you something about light, but that won't help you to speak the truth; something about heati but that won't help you to be pure." Right you are, professor. Now, the professor him self nerer pretends to be a saint; his claim, well made, is to be a scientist. Being so good a scientist, if science were a religion, wliat a good man the jolly old maker of ghosts would bo. Alas, no; tho professor would stand a tough examination in science, but he would go down before Calvin's five points, to say nothing of Henry VIII.'s six article^. Did it strike any one who heard frim that the professor waB playing a practical joke upon his hearers ? He was feeding them with first-class pabulum of their own selection, then adding, "Gentle men, you may take it, take any quantity of it, but it will not keep your moral nature alive. 37hen I want a little of the sort of stuff -on which one's moral nafaire lives, I do not go to the sun, nor even to Saturn, with his eight moons and beautiful rings." 