&ztmd;$tte& INVESTITURE OF ABCHSISHOP 'When it became known Chat the Plenary Council of Australasia had requested, the Pope to confer u|-onDr. fteyuoltbthe high position of archbishop, every colonist of South Australia, whether 'belonging to the Roman Catholic Church or not, felt ex ceedingly gratified, because the worthy prelate-enjoys ihe esteem and respect of all classes of the connrranity. That sense of pleasure was further increased by the fact that Cardinal Moran intimated that he would visit Adelaide for the pur pose of investing Archbishop Rey nolds with, the pallium which had been cent from the Vatican/ and by the knowledge that many of the chief digni taries of the Catholic hierarchy in Aus tralasia would be present to take part in the ceremony. The investiture took place at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Sunday morning, and no more im posing religious service has been held in this city for~many years. His Excellency the Governor with his suite, the Chief Justice (Hon. S. 3. Way), the President of the Legislative Council (Sir Hy. Ayers), the Attorney- General (Hon. C. C. King ston, the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. Coles), the Mayor of Adelaide, members of both Houses of Parliament, and many other of the colony's prominent citizens, were present. Every available seat was occupied, whilst in the aisles and passages many had to find standing 'room as best they could. As the notes of the organ sounded through the cathedral -at 11 o'clock the Cardinal, attended by his private secre tary (Dr. O'Hara) entered by the main entrance, being accompanied by the Arch bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Carr), the Bishops of Hobart (Dr. Murphy), Danedin (Dr. Moran), Ballarat (Dr. Moore), Perth (Dr. Gibney), Wilcannia (Dr. Dunn), and Sale (Dr. Corbett). The glimpses of sun light through the stained windows made the scene a very striking one, and might as it were be taken as a happy omen. Ihe Cardinal took his place on the archie piscopal throne just erected in the Cathedral, whilst the other prelates were seated on either side of the sanctuary. Solemn Pontifical Mass was at once begun by Archbishop Reynolds, who was already seated at the f aubtool, where he pontifi cated. After the communion the faulstool was placed on the predella in the centre of the altar. Dr. O'Hara read two briefs, one erecting the archiepiscopal diocese of Adelaide and the other appointing Dr. Reynolds as thefirstarchbishop, bothdocu ments being in Latin. The Cardinal took his place on the faulstool, and the other prelates advanced forming a semicircle: Archbishop Reynolds kneeling in front of the Cardinal read the jvramantumt after which his Eminence placed the pallium around his neck, at the same time reciting the appointed prayers. The pallium is a kind of round collar, worn over the shoulders. One end hangs down in front, and the other end down the back ; the ends are tipped with black. The pallium is made of white cloth, woven from, pure lamb's wool. Worked upon It there are six black crosses in each of the ends, and one on the right and one on the left shoulder. It is about two inches wide. All the palliums nsed in the Church are made in Rome, and are blessed upon the feast of St. Peter and St. Paul. His Eminence blessed the archbishop's pastoral staff, and the kiss of peace was given to the arch bishop by the Cardinal, Archbishop Carr, and the other bishops, the priests follow ing with the kiss of Obedience. All the prelates engaged in the proceedings having resumed their places on either side of the sanctuary. The Bishop of Dunedin ascended the pulpit. He took for his test the 16 th chapter of St. Matthew, 13th to 19fch verses — ' When Jesus came to the coasts of Cassarea Phillipi he asked his disciples, saying, 'Whom do men say that X, the con of man, am ?' And they said, * Some say that tho'u art John the Baptist, soiue Elias, and others Jeremias or one of the prophets,- He saith, ' But whom say ye that I am?' And Simon Peter answered and said, * Thou art the Christ, the son of the livixg God.' And Jesus answered and said unto him, ' Blessed art thou, Simon Bar jona, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which Is in heaven ; and I say also unto yon that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it;. And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. Having explained why Christ had journeyed to Cae3area Phillipi, Dr. Moran went on to show how because St. Peter had pleased Christ with the faith manifested in bis reply, He declared that Peter was the rock on which He would build his church, and that Be gave to Peter the keys of heaven and temporal power as well. Peter received three promises or commissions from Christ— first, he was to 'be entrusted with the keys of heaven : secondly, he was to be the rock upon which the church should be bui't; and thirdly, he was to ad minister theholy sacrifices, to legislate, and to be a judge. Thus was Peter consti tuted tho centre and the emblem of unity in the church. Therefore, any part of a building which was not united with the foundation could not stand. It was bound to fall away and become as a ruin. As with a building so with the structure of the church ; it was only by perfect union and connection with the rock of foundation, Peter, that stability and purity could be maintained. Christ further said to his apostles shortly before he ascended into heaven — *' Go ye forth and teach all nations everything I have taught you, and behold I am with you always even to the end of the world.' Therefore the church to be founded by Peter was also a teaching institution, and it was not to be for one century, or a series of centuries, but for ever and ever, until Christ should come a second time to judge the world. Christ as well as giving him heavenly authority made Peter the supreme teacher and the infallible head of His church on earth. Whatever he did or directed according to holy reve lation would- be ratified by heaven. Having. placed before them the meaning of the Redeemer's word, he would ask them to consider what was the principle of vitality of the ohurch which he had referred to. Shortly before his ascension the Redeemer promised to send the Paraclete to teach His disciples all things, and to abide with them for ever. The three personalities were equal in all divine attributes, and even as God by the sacrifice of Himself sought the salvation of men, so the work of sanctification and the life of the church had been confided to the third person of the Trinity. The coming of Christ waa not a passing but a permanent act, and when He had settled the constitution of the church, and initiated its sacraments, the work of continuing and main taining it In grace was that of ,the third person of the Trinity. We- were created in the image of God, and our soul was the representa tion of the great doctrine of the j unity and trinity of God. Just as a j member of the human body might be cut ! off without interfering with the usefulness of the whole, so the church might lose sc&neof; its members without interfering with the influence of the Holy Ghost. It was because the Holy Ghost is the soul of the church that the hitter is invariable, everlasting, and that ' the gates of hell shall not prevail against ifc.' Thus the church, being informed by the spirit of troth, cannot possibly err, and therefore it remains for ever the one Catholic and Apostolic Church. Even in his lifetime the Apostle Paul could say that tbe sound ' of the Gcspel had gone forth to the ends of the 'earth, and even in the days of the V apostles heresies were advanced, and great governments rose np~8gaansifc'trrB Church of God; agriristChrbit, fend His di&lpfea.; They persecuted the early CBMifcterifl, confiscated their property, and heaped upon them tconttunely eS' wety sort/ bat it was an in vaba against tite^ Holy Spirit and against the church whicJi- Christ: had built upon the rock. Tire history of ' the ohurch was unch that to-dayib TStSnift like the pinnacle upon a mountain, *&© observed of all observers; strong in the faith, strong in the piety of its children, and strong in its charity and disinterested ness ; as strong as In any of the centuries that have gone before.- Ever since the days of the Apostles themselves it was found standing erect, pursuing Its onward course, and carrying the Gospel to the Jbe nigbted of the earth. Europe is mainly Catholic ; so is America ; and here in these favored lands the church is a mighty organisation, spreading the blessings of civilsation fat and wide throughout the land. As in the past it Is united to the see of St. Peter, and rests its glory on that foundation. They had joined that ? day In a ceremony which illustrated what he ' had been saying. Their estimable and great arcrtbisbop, by the action of the Holy See, had been raised to a very high position in the hierarchy of the church, and it was the spirit of Unity and catholicity which, had brought so many prelates to assist at this solemn function. He congratulated the Archbishop of Adelaide upon his well merited promotion, and he prayed that he m'ght have long life and happiness, and be able for many years to come to lead his flock on the road that conducts to the kingdom of heaven. He heartily congratulated those present on the honor done to their see and city, and rejoiced with them sincerely on this auspicious occasion. The Mass was then completed, the whole time occupied being about three hours. The deacon was Father Norton ; the sub-deacon, Father McEvoy} while Fathers Williams and Healey occupied places on either side of the cardinal's throne, and Father E. O'Brien acted as master of ceremonies. There were also present a large number of priests, and the usual train-bearers and acolytes. The musical part of the service was under the direction of Mr. W. Gordon, choirmaster of the cathedral, and was admirably carried out by the huge number of vocalists and instrumentalists under his control. The ordinary cathedral choir was supplemented by several singers from St. Lawrence's Church, North Ade laide. The Processional March, with, which the service opened, was by Spindler, and this was followed by the whole of Haydn's 16th Mass with complete orchestration. This splendid master piece was worthily rendered. The solos of the 'Kyrie' opening number were well rendered by the Misses Carr, MacDermott, Bermingham, and Walter. The beautiful quartette 'Gratias' in the 'Gloria' was excellently sung by the Misses Brings and Messrs. James and Walters, while the full choral fugue move ment, in which the *' Credo' opens — a very difficult piece of music — was interpreted with precision and fine effect by the choir. The ' Et Incarnatus' — a highly devotional number — was well rendered, and led up to the 'Et Resurrexit' inG minor, concluding with a six- eighth vivace movement from ' Vitam venturi' on to the end. The ** Sanetos' calls for no special mention, but the 'Bene- dictus' opens with a long symphony fol lowed by a soprano solo, which was well euBg by Miss Carr, leading thence into duo, trio, quartette, and chorus, all of which were given with magnificent effect. The 'Agnus Dei' was probably the reosfc impressive vocal number of the whole. It is in G minor with full chorus, and culminates in the ' Dona nobis,' a somewhat lengthy movement, which brings the Mass to a close. Miss O'Sullivan sang the offertorium, which was an adaptation of MiJlard's 'Ave verum' to the words 'Sub praesidium tuum,' which are those proper to the festival of the day. Other soloists who assisted in the interpretation of the Mass were Mrs. Proctor, Mrs. Forrester, Miss Hill, and Messrs. O'Brien and Hack. The full Gregorian responses necessary for an occasion like this were chanted. The orchestra, which was under the leadership of Mr. Qoinn, consisted of three first violins, two seconds, viola, double bass, two clarionets, two cornets, two trombones, two horns, and tympani. Mr. C. W. Summerhayes, the cathedral organist, presided at his instrument. Altogether the musical service was well worthy of the imposing ceremony of which it formed a part, sad it will be a matter for congratulation if, as we understand is contemplated, a similar service should become a permanent feature of worship in the cathedral on the first Sunday of each month, as is the custom, in moat other countries and in the adjoining colonies. 