'??? DISTRICT OF LIGHT. |f. Mb. GtTKS at Kapunda, ?pn Monday evening, March z, Mr. P,. McM. atynn addressed a very large number of elec tteredf the district of^ XSght in iiie.Kapunda~ jafetitute.-' - \ ?-?.?-.? ? ' .. ^ z '-?? ??' ; ;^i3iB: cha|r. wa8w, occupied by Mr. James, ^paATLET j(M[ayor rpf Kapundal, who intro Mfed theic^didate; anfl requested a fair and 'yppv Gt?KN, who was received with loud epiars, saidM had determined to depart from jtne-conventional mode of procedure, and had cSaeequentiy come forward without any Requisition, as he did not believe in- them. Borne people said he had not a ghost' of a ^chance because he was a lawyer, but he certainly tuougiK tnere was as mucn political morality ainong lawyers in South Australia as there was in any other class. (Hear, hear.) He did not believe in offering himself as one of those political nonentities who half believed in everjthing and wholly in nothing, and whether he was elected or not ~ it was his intention to take a definite stand on certain questions, and hold to the views which he would shortly propound to them. (Hear, hear ) Coming to his political views, the first tiling he would say to them was we must have more taxation. He daresay some people would say tbere was absolutely no necessity for such a course, but whoever made such a remark was not a Btates man, (Applause.) For the last five or six years we had been going to the bad at the rate of £250,000 a year, and on December 31 last our deficit was a little over a million. They ' must take into account that that Bum would have been increased by an amount of £175,000, which was transferred from the Northern Territory account to that of South Australia proper, and a farther sum of £75,000 would be absorbed from the Real Property Assurance : Fund. So the position was this— if they got the deficit wiped out to-morrow they would still need to raise £250,000 of taxation. Per haps it would be said, 'Do it by retrench ment,' but how was it done by the last Parlia ment ? They did not attempt it or to stop tha growth of the deficit either. Now he believed it might be possible, to save £60,000, £70,000, or perhaps £100,0G0 by retrenchment per annum, but even if they did they muet adjust the incidence of taxation, for every single cent, that would be got by retrenchment must be taken off the backs of the working classes. (Applause). At the present time they were taxed exceedingly heavy, atd he thought that a reduction should be made in the Customs duties. Now, the Treasmer had said recently at the Town Hall that there was necessity for more taxation, and Dr. Cockburn had echoed the same opinion. They were both members of the Government, so, we.mu8t make our minds up to this. No retrenchment will make the revenue equal to the expenditure, so we must iaise additional revenue by taxation, How were we to iaise it? He thought we should cease endeavoring to raise any more revenue through the Customs. It was not fair to put ad ditional taxation on the people who principally contributed to the revenue through the Cus toms, BothDr. Cockbum and the Treasurer had said that we should go in for direct taxa tion ; so the issue had come to this — we must either increase the land tax or the property tax as well: His pinciple was that whatever revenue was required it ought to be raised by direct taxation on the unimproved value of the land. (Applause). He would endeavor to thew them that it was the best and most economical tax for the farmers who would pay less than under a property tax, and that it was a tax and the only tax that would get at wealthy monopolists, who got all the benefit of public expenditure and contributed practically nothing to that revenue. (Applause.) To raise any thing like a revenue that was required the tax should be at the rate of 2d in the pound, but he wanted to adjust it so that 1 it would not fall on the farmers, but on the wealthy monopolists. The assessment of the Cbn-miBBioner of Taxes on land upon which the present land tax was raised was £45,186,000. We ought to take off that the amount origi nally paid to tbe State, which in round num bers was £10,000,000, so that the taxable assess ment would be £35,186,000. Now let us see how much we would get from that provided the property tax was 2d. in the pound. They would think that a property tax which fell on the land a&d; everything else would bring in lEore than a simple land tax. Well, it would bring in about the tame. Mr. Bray proposed to exen.pt property up to £500; He found thbt a Und tax at 2d. in the pound would yield £293,216, which was an increase of £199,077 on the present land tax. He also proposed that the 5 pet cent, exemption under the Actehoiild fee duptnstd with. They knew that was fcimply a dodge of the wealthy classes. and owing to that tbere was only 1 per cent, who paid apy income tax at all. The exemption was absolutely useless to the farmers, for what farmer was there who had more than £300 a year profit? Hence the ex emption of £300 was quite sufficient to exempt the farmer. He proposed that the income tax exemption should be reduced to £150. In England he thought the exemption was about £50 per year. He considered that whatever a man possessed over £150 annual income he should pay some tax on it, at least for the present. He thought we ought to double the preBent note tax. That tax waa supposed to bring in £10,000. Now he estimated that if it were doubled it would realise £18,000 per annum. We would thus get an additional sum of £8,000, or a total of additional revenue of £232,077. The policy he was prepared to support was that the revenue should be im pro ved at once. They Bhould not listen to any twaddle about retrenchment being sufficient. He would now come to the property tax of 2d, in the pound. On the Treasurer's valuation it would produce an increased revenue of £247,861, but we must deduct tbe difference between £13,000, the cost of collection, and the £5,000 which it cost for collection now under the land and income tax. That would give them £239,861, so that practically there was no difference. He bad previously said that the Customs duties ought to be reduced as a matter of justice to the woiking classes. (Applause). They would think we would lose a considerable amount of revenue. Well, it waB not so. A reduction in the departmental expenses would accomplish sufficient to make up for the deficiency, and he said that if they reduced the Customs duties by one-fourth there would be no difference in the revenue. As a matter of fact it was the expe rience in England that a moderate reduction of Customs duties had led to an increase of revenue. The people consumed more, and the revenue proportionately increased. In 1885 there was an increase in the New South Wales tariff, and the imports as a consequence were considerably reduced. Take the imports from Victoria. In May, 1885, they were £49,716 but in May of the subsequent year owing to in creased dutieB they were only £83,466. But he would go further and appeal to the experience of England. In 1850 England had through the Customs 1,116 taxable articles, but in 1880 there were only 45. As a matter of fact during all that period the Customs revenue brought in about £23,000,000 every year. That was due not to an increase of population, but to the fact that the imports had considerably increased, and the consumption of the articles was greater. Mr. Glynn then cited several instances of the fall in price of necessaries, and a greater average in the consumption per head, in Bupport of bis viewB. Why was it that the Customs duties should be reduced? At the present time the bulk of the Castoms taxation was raised on the necessaries of life, and the people who had to pay for these were the masses. The revenue from Customs duties amounted last year to £1 16s. 4d. tier head. It was more the year before, and more the year before that. But we must add three -fourths more, for what the State received was not what the taxpayer paid. He had to pay upon the profit of the importer as well as the retailer, and the cost of collection, which was between £18,000 and £20,000 per year. Mr. Glynn was of opinion that this was an unjust way of raising revenue, because a man who was in receipt of £10,000a year paid just the same as a man who only got £100 a year. These Customs duties pressed much more heavily on married men than on single, because a single man only had one mouth to feed, whereas a married man, provided he did his duty, had a good many more. (Load laughter and cheers.) The Castoms returns for 1885 showed that the revenue got by the duty upon kero&ine; amounted to £12,430, that was upon a taxable valae of £38,393. Adding to that the three-fourths additional referred to it would make the duty on the kerosine about half as much again as it would be without it, so that if they now paid 3s. per gallon for kerosine they would get it for 2s. Take tea again, for instance. Tee value of the tea imported, upon which duty was received in 1885, amounted to £121,818. The duty amounted to £30,074, and the incidence on the consumer, £52,074, The tea sold for 2s. 2d, per lb., but had it come in free it could have been sold for Is. 6d, Mr. Glynn also quoted figures in regard to duties ' on and price of «ugar, coffee, and currants, and asked them, in the face of what he had said, if ' they did not think that the Customs duties on necessaries should be completely abolished. (Uproar.) As he had said before there ought to be a tax on land, but not on land and pro perty. (Dissent.) A tax on land simply took some percentage of the increased value of the \- land through public expenditure, for as popu ? lation increased is a country the land value on the whole rose. He did not say the valae of : tbe country lands rose, because as a matter of fact they had not generally done so in South - ' Australia, bat the -value of the whole of the ? alienated lands did, and he would show them ; that the tax lie proposed to levy would I not fall on the country lands, but on the city and suburban lands. (Applause.) ? What was the effect of an increase of popula tion and mechanical appliances on . property. ' It was not to lower prices by competition, \- therefore while land values went up property ? went down. Was it juBt for us to say we would tax property, which sank in value by competi ? tion, and not land, which increased. Without I going into the economic question he would '? endeavor to show them how his plan would : affect the farmers and the large landed owners ; and syndicates; Take in the district of Light, for instance, a farmer had 460 acres, of an unimproved value of £1,306. His present tax !was £2 14s. fid. a year, but according to his i principle he would -have to pay nothing if they itook away the amount originally paid to the ? State, because there was no increased value. ', (Applause.) Let them consider for a moment ! how Mr. Bray's proposition of 2d. in the pound ) would affect the tanner. The unimproved i value of the land was £1,306, and the improve ments were valued at 30s. an acre. That i amounted to £690, and other things possessed ! by the farmer might be set down at £100. j IThiB gave a total of £2,096, from which, if they \ \ took the exemption of £500, £1,596 would rtxiuun w ue .xaxeu. .twopence m sue ; pound on that would yield £13 0s. ? 6d. per year, or a penny tax £6 13s, Add to that the one-fourth Customs duties re- ) duced as he proposed, which would give £3 15s., and the fanner under the 2d- property tax would contribute £17 Is. Now he was coming to the men he wished to catch— the big landowner?. There was a property holder in Light who possessed 48,111 acres, and the un improved value was £144,550. The present tax on that was £301 2s. ll£d. Take off £106,339, the amount paid originally to the State, and then the unearned increment was £38,211. £401 12s. 6d. would be the tax on this. Now there were a great many who were looking upon him as a revolutionist and said ne was going to rob them, but he asked them, was that robbery? ('No,' and applause.) Let them look at it from another standpoint. If the State charged 5 per cent, rental on the un earned increment of £38,211 it would have taken £1,911 a year, or at 2| per cent. £955. He was not however asking for '±\ per cent, rental, but only for £431 13s. 6d., which they might in common justice ask, seeing how these large landowners monopolised land that might be well sustaining a decent and healthy peasantry. (Applause.) This land question was really a city question. A man had a city block valued at £10,000. The present tax on tnat waB £20 16s. Sd., and he proposed to take off the amount in every cc.se originally paid the State; £1 was paid originally, and that left an unearned incre ment of £9,999 to be taxed. Upon his prin ciple he would have to pay £82 9s. 10d., and he asked them if they did not think that was just, (Applause and interruption.) His tax was a tax upon city and unused lands. He would go further, and compare the city with the county of Light. There were 582,191 alienated acres in Adelaide, and 519,113 in the county of Light, £460,680 was originally paid in Ade laide, and £719,579 in Light ; there was conse quently more paid for the country land than ? for the city land. Now, the unimproved ' assessment of the county of Adelaide was \ £22,544,931, and for Light £1,913,468. They could see that the. unearned increment of the \ city amounted to £22,084,251, and ot Light to £1,194,189. The present tax upon city land was £3,986, and £9,957 18s. 2d. for Light ; but under his system while Light would only have to pay £5,971 Adelaide would have to pay £145,400 of the increased tax. Now let them creep in closer still to the city. In the hundred of Adelaide there were 60,016 acres alienated, the unearned increment being £14,628,563, the tax upon that would be . £121,904, or more than one-third of the total tax raised in the colony. (Applause.) He was opposed to the sale of Crown lands for the pur pose of' wiping out our deficit. Considering tbere waB no immediate necessity for clearing off this said deficit, but he would be in favor of issuing exchequer bills for that purpose. There was nothing to prevent them setting aside a portion of surplus revenue to be devoted to the redemption of these Treasury bills. He objected to the Treasurer's scheme of selling land in the centre of South Australia. Before disposing of our land we should remember our posterity, and take warning from the condition of Scotland, Ireland, and England, where landlordism waa such a curse. If they sold the land in the centre of Australia the erection of public workp, railways, &c;, would entail a cost that would swallow up all they had received j for tbe land. Mr. Glrnn deprecated the hold- j ing of exten&ive; tracts of land by wealthy i landlords, and referred to evictions as being the necessary result of landlordism. He was opposed to Cbaffey Bros.' scheme, contending1 that it would have a serious effect on the navigation of the Murray, especially as they were going to tap it higher up in Victoria, He would like to have seen it carried out as a Government undertaking, for it would not have been a difficult thing to have got skilled irri gation engineers from India to have managed the affair ; and he quoted figures to show how ^ remunerative similar works had been in India, where the irrigation works were carried out under the control of the State at a profit rang ing fiom 7 per ctnt. to 40 per oent. He would be -opposed to the passing ©f the Local Govern ment Bill unless it were considerably modified, and the shires so arranged as to secure a com munity of interest. Mr. Glynn would not favor the construction of speculative railways or public works, and would oppose the proposed Asgaaton railway, which was Bimply intended to benefit one or two large landed proprietors. (Applause.) He was opposed to the Phillips Ponds railway, but was in favor of payment of members, believing that it would secure better representation for the working classes. In conclusion he promised them that if elected he would do his utmost to -benefit the district and the colony at large, and was loudly cheered on resuming his seat. Mr. Jenkin Coles said he had listened wita great pleasure to Mr. Glynn's able speech. He (Mr. Coles) would address the electors on Wednesday, when he would take the op portunity of replying to Mr. Glynn s argu ments. (Applause ) Mr. HL&YEh; proposed Mr. Glynn as ft fit and in tbefirthcoming Parliament. The Rot. J. W. Platt seconded, and the motion having been supported was carried unanimously amid great cheering. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings. Mr. Duncan has withdrawn from the candi dature of this district, having to go to England on private business. 