ADELAIDE JUBILEE EXHIBITION: BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] ADELAIDE, August 1. The Exhibition has been a triumph, and the promise is still proceeding to further finals Distinguished visitors from many te of the world have written and spoken J?,Pir astonishment at and appreciation of tie at extent of the buildings and grounds Amongst our ghosts have been many members of various colonial Houses of Legislature, a IIA lord or two from England, and Lord Errington, Governor of New South Wales i on body who has come in a proper fashion has been Robb entertained Indeed the last to in Adelaide has been one unbroken TIon of carnival Night after night, Sinauer and come so tone and ball and musical As A. week ago Lord Carrington was en tlrtHiued in the concert hall of the Exhibition midair at a luncheon, -whose speciality was the provision of nothing but the farinaceous and fruit products of our soil wines and bis- cuit- and cakes and nuts, and such like On Wednesday his Lordship and several members of the New South Wales Legislature were en t resumed in the same place at a dinner, which is of a most pretentious but withal cordial D The financial outlook of the promoters of the LUubition is considerably brightening with the unexpectedly large attendance Up to the time when this letter was posted there had I en in the five weeks 170,000 adieu tons, of which about 80,000 wore holders of season tickets, and the remainder papers of the ordinary admission fee of Is The promoters, independently of what they received as aid from the Government, have incurred a liability of £á0,000 on account of the I Exhibition, and on the day of its opening they expected that they would lose at the least several hundred pounds Now, however, they have only £16,000 to make up till January next, and there is no reason to doubt that that sum will be even exceeded Even at the present rate of attendance they should receive much more, but the admissions will probably be more numerous presently, when the weather improves, for hitherto there has rb olutely hardly been one dry day since the au previous opening The very elements have fought against the undertaking I did intend to continue my description of the Queensland exhibits in this letter, but they can. only coming to hand very gradually All that I have to add upon that point, therefore, is that I am still in search. of the picture to which I referred, but am rather hopelessly working upon a somewhat shadowy clue The firebricks in the northern annexe have been Tangled now with some little regard to appMiranccfl,bntwhat sort of an impression could C) nan artist produce with one baker's dozen of whitey-brown backs, excellent as they are in musically? Soldeoidod that the best thing I could do would be to tell my Queensland rts lers something about the distinctly tropical part of the Exhibition so far as it has been arr tried at present. The Northern Territory his a really admirable, expensive, and extensive show of its own in a separate building erected right t in the central part of the fashionable e j 1 made but the finishing touches of the di together have yet to be given to this str nature, on it would be a pity to forestall the designer's purposes I consequently proceed to the courts of the Seychelles, North. Borneo, and Johore (with a rifle from Singapore), which are chiefly represented in the galleries of the main building, near to the beautiful display of pictures, of which you shall hear more fully when they are complete The Seychelles goods are sent principally with the purpose of opening up a market with Aus- train They suggest a, fair exchange "We cannot grow tropical products, they cannot allow the vogOHition of the temperate zone The French steamers supply easy means of communication between us, and there a e a n ad) signs that we shall do business together Is of th Borneo chiefly shows her timbers, and that curious and largely varied exhibits from Johore are a pit of the intelligent Sultan of that Oriental kingdom to the South Australian Government By way of illustrating the generosity of 3 if HifchncsB, I need only quote the fact that of all tropical countries Jo 1 ore is best represented The Sultan has always been on the best of terms with the British Government, and over as eager as the most pushing European to promote the ad y increment of the British Empire Johore is an independent State much nearer to Queens kind thin to South Australia It lies at the extremity of the Malay Peninsula, and includes the Moor province and several islands in the ?r llueca Str cuts and off its eastern coast Its UKI IS about 10,000 square miles, and its population consists of 100,000 Chinese, about \- 0,000 Malays, and a few Europeans Close s i Singapore, Johore has every prospect of hung before long an important country, indeed, it is that already The State or territory is washed by his Highness Abu Bakar, G. C. M. G. , J C S The Sultan, himself, at first intended to be present at the Exhibition, but he after yards found it impossible to visit Adelaide, and sent a canny old Scotch resident of home " Date" James Meldrum - in his He is the title of Dato in Johore is similar to that of Knight in England Special Commissioner Meldrum was the first European settler in Johore and represented the State at the Edinburgh Exhibition in 1884 He came t ) Adelaide several weeks before the opening of the Exhibition, and remained for about a f rtmght afterthe inaugural ceremony You will doubtless remember that our Governor Sir William Robinson is a great friend of his harshness, and probably on this account such a PM repentative collection has been forwarded to Sir W ilhnm's seat of Government C and for the staple Johonan product, see "I its a place in the court This substance is the product of a shrub, the leaves of which is "centred, chopped up, and boiled to the consistency of treacle The semi-liquid u, <? '"I ted into shallow basins and dried in the ??" The material is thereafter divided into , " still squares, and prepared in I l s the cultivation of the plant usually II companies that of pepper Its leaves, after the air her is boiled out of them, form an excellent ! mine for pepper plants Of recent years the J- n md for gambier has increased The Vicki entirely cultivate and prepare the pro 6 ft which is extensively) exported to the European continent and America Black 1 appeal, which is largely cultivated, tea, coffee, c i rice, sago and tapioca flours, and gutta 1 r ha are shown There are also samples of it peculiar dunn fruit, pineapple fibre, -w i ave medicines, beeswax, Lalanir grass, and armies m silk and cotton 2 b sl securing of more than 400 different kinds of timbers as well as planks, sleepers, and it are conspicuously displayed A lot of nice is occupied with shells and coral, and sea '"has including a peculirly coloured seaweed re the more sea shells in the court than mother part of the Exhibition Various I was] hMorj. specimens attract attention it is take too much time and space to over tion every article in. the court Most of t roads are Malayan The fisherman has li,, or , material to engage his notice Jane- Malay fishing line for poisoning to hub, and a line with hook and it,"" Rro yer? peculiar and ingenious "(f- A. crocodile's skull and a hook for her mg the amphibious creature are with the i «,C!T like the English, the Malays have seemed a lot of domestic versus several quite the sary and useless ones There are a lot of wi, and drinking cups, and spittoonB, ./?t very like those of the Chinese The an carpenters' took me not so skil 1 V A extracted and so well adapted for a work as those used by , m own trades ¡ illnesses manage to do with fewer ' 1 nances than our carpenters The arms of 1 U I T' consist of the kri68> sPear, the side sumpton or pipe for blovuntrpois ' i ill ?? at man thick set fly a" As Ä^tSttaM' WOUld not stands an t3 Vttmnf0^" yalaJ aweHiag-hoMe is sure h main, 'ltî<!ntl0n , 'The roof is a"ss rattan 12 cases' fastened down with Oriental * is quite strong enough for anp, oak J lit Ills heat Models of a -her wish of "a stately bound ^tó-innrpWh rates' BEST of a room for a' tea cloth are to be seen A islands, and also used for walling and roofing native dwellings, mats, pillows, jackets, trousers, caps, and basket-work are also exhibited. Granite, laterite containing a large percentage of iron, classed, black, and white gum dammed, oil, various kinds of seeds, a copy of the Koran in Arabic, and class books as used in Johore and Singapore schools are all amongst the interesting collection. Current coins of Johore, the Straits Settlements, Netherlands- India, Hongkong, and Sarawak, as well as stamps used in Johore, are within the court, the walls of which are decorated with an excellent map of the Territory, numerous photographs sonic representing the Sultan's Palace, the extensive saw-mills owned by Dato Meldrum, Malay woodcutters on the forest, Chinese loading Hghters with timber, and Malayan fruits-a large crayon photograph of the Sultan, the skin of a female ngo that killed a Chinaman-the Cbinapho bists talked of colonising the animal-a 23ft. ling skin of a python, and flags. These make the ornamentation. Specimens of gutta-percha of various qualities, of gum dammed and rations are sent by Messrs. Paterson, Simons, and Co., of Singapore, whilst Mr. Joseph Bastinna forwards specimens of preserved pineapples and tropical fruits, and Mr. M. Larkins, of the Castlewood Estate, a sample of tea grown in Johore. The court is, without exaggeration, a valuable, instructive, and highly interesting department. Most of the exhibits will be placed in the Adelaide Museum. British North Borneo court comes next and like the other gallery sections it has its name well painted overhead. At a glance the visitor can SOB what he is searching for. British North Borneo is very new to you. It has a territory larger than Johore or Ceylon, and geographically, is favourably situated for commerce, being nearly midway between Hongkong and Singapore, and about 1500 miles from Port Darwin. The place was ceded in 1877-8 to Mr. A. Dent and others by the Sultana of Brunei and Sale, and in 1881 it was chartered by royal consent to a company now governing it, named " The British North Borneo Company." The British colony, for such it now is, was represented at the Indian and Colonial Exhibition, but with a much larger and more representative sHOW of exhibits. Timber is the special feature of the court, It was also the most prominent and important exhibit at the London show. North. Borneo is one of the great timber yards of the world. The supply is inexhaustible. One of her principal woods is William, whose specific gravity is such that it sinks in water. It is used for all purposes where strength and durability are required. It is the best shingle wood and is considered by some judges to be the most valuable of all the timbers. Already it is being largely exported to Australia. Other woods shown are sawing, Japan, and salanganbatu-samples of hardwood, all ant proof and considered to be the boat for sleepers ; Donagan, mirabovv, greeting and ranga suitable for fine furniture; strayed merab, majors, and Selangor putch, adapted for railway carriages and general furniture ; camphor for house building gaol for must and growing-up olive- giving tree-for common planks. The woods are sent in nieolyovenshaped and polished samples, A small cabinet, constructed of potash, is exhibited. The furniture woods and the cabinet, which re- presents some ingenious workmanship, are polished and varnished so as to show the grain of the wood to the best advantage. The carpenters in North Borneo are, however, common Chinese artisans, and are not capable of putting a " good brush " into their work. Guttapercha and indiarubber figure largely in the court. Grutta-poreha is, of course, the hardened sap or. juice of forest trees, and it grows chiefly on sandy soil. There are four kinds of gutta-percha in Borneo, and in 1885 the quantity exported was valued at over $3'l,000. India rubber is the sap of a creeper which attains a diameter of 3in. or 4in. It grows in the shade, and matures in four years. Bjeswax, too, is shown ; the supply in North Borneo is enormous. Rattans the stems of a drooping prickly palm and edible birds' nests form two of the most important items of export. Three kinds of birds' nests are exhibited. The first and most valuable are almost as white as snow, and are said to have been collected after they have been finished by the swift lots, but before the eggs are laid ; the second consist of the nests which have been used, and the third contains adhering feathers. The first two are known as white and the last as black birds' nests. The Chinese BRO the white ones very extensively as an ingredient of soups, while the black nests are turned into glue. The soil of the province seems to be suited for nearly all tropical plants ; tobacco, sago, pepper, coffee, and kapok are shown. The samples sent are meant to represent the ordinary products of the so tlement products which can be supplied in limitless quantity. Especially is this the case in regard to timber, sago, beeswax, gutta-percha, india rubber, demar rattans, mats, birds nest s, barks-the natural and developed products of the country. Tobacco, cof Foo, pepper, and the kapok plant are industries yet in their infancy, but the success already attained is such as to have caused capitalists and planters to take up land and begin planting on a large scale. The court abounds in' curios. The exhibits are forwarded by the British North Borneo Company, who are represented in Adelaide by Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co., agents for the E. and A. steamers. Not the least interesting and conspicuous Court is the Seychelles Islands section, directly opposite to the Johore and Borneo courts. You might wonder by such a remote place as the Seychelles should be represented when the British colony of Mauritius-of which the Seychelles are chief dependencies does not forward a single exhibit. Were it notforMr. J. H. B. Warner, the Seychelles would probably not be repr sented either. Mr. Warner, who is an old South Australian official, is a member of the British Royal Commission. He has seen a great deal of the Seychelles, and as he intended to leave England for Australia several gentlemen asked him if he would act as commissioner for a large number of exhibits. He consented, and the result is a very satisfactory contribution of goods from the Indian Ocean isles. These islands, as you know, are renowned for that mysterious fruit-the coco donor, of which the late General Gordon wrote so much in 1861 when he visited the islands to report on the fortifications. The coco demers indigenous to two of the group of more than thirty islands. The inhabitants have frequently tried to grow the nut on other islands, but without success. Several specimens, which resemble the cocoanut but belong to a different species, are exhibited. A box of vanilla- very valuable in the Seychelles-is seen with the pods, from which the delicately flavoured oil is taken for culinary purposes. Twenty bundles, each containing fifty pods, and altogether weighing 4lb., are shown. It is surprising to BRO what the remarkable islands can produce. All kinds of tropical products can be grown. The valleys are fertile, the hills abound in luxuriant tropical hardwood forests, splendid watercourses decorate the land, and the comparatively isolated Wes are clothed with beauty on every hand. The court abounds in manyusefularticles. Candlonut, cinnamon, cassava flour, kapok or silk cotton, Liberian coffee, maize, cocoa, cloves and clove stems, wild cotton, castor oil, rice, paddy, poonack, Indian hemp (growing wild), nutmegs, red bias nor, logwood oils extracted from small grain of the lemon growth, from sweet orange leaves, lemon grass, candle nut, Sperm, cinnamon, cloves, and lime leaves, and shown as samples of what the islands can produce. There is soap, too. This is manufactured from the copra of the coco de-mer. It is too soft to compete with the Australian or English article, and it is exhibited more to show what kind of material the islands manufacture than with the purpose of alluring buyers. The products are chiefly from the Mount Herbert Estate. There are also fibres of the aloe, pineapple, banana, va i and raffle, a hat made entirely of copra, and preserved tobacco and bananas. Houses in the Seychelles are constructed of wood and bark walled with the bark of the lathe palm and roofed with shingles of capias wood. The building methods are explained to the visitor. On the wall is the Seychelles flag, " The star and key of the Indian Ocean." To the naturalist and the merchant the court is specially attractive. It is a pity that more timber is not shown, as in British North Borneo there are large and dense forests of timber on the islands. There are also extensive cocoanut plantations in the Seychelles. A special industry is the cultivation of vanilla. These islands are only now coming into prominence. The world have till recently been ignorant of the Seychelles, or rather of the fact that the Seychelles was such a grand and fruitful garden. Since they have been brought into contact with, the Messageries Maritimes mail steamers they have received considerable attention, and now that the French steamers intend to call there altogether without touching at either Mauritius or Reunion, the islands are likely to become very popular. 