I ijhi -ill' u't I <ft /*j.( 'CHAPTER VII. The Noxt Morning. — Totsy'3 • >. Troubles—Dot, the Coiisolor <"i '■-Noi Croclit.-^Gon ,and .. the Golden Yankee,—The - Goat . ' of Mail.' -■■■'" •' : ...Pools lei] us thai; llic jiioijiiiifj dic.iiiis,of \- childhood arc peaceful, happy, brain-fantasies, wherein the disembodied spirit revels in.the . delights, of fairyland, and all nature seems to wear a brilliant garb, in glowing contrast to •alio sober work-day tints to which the, grosser" mateiial eye is accustomed. , Guess then what a terrible revulsion it must be to awake lYoni such a dream to the dreadful rcaiity of a heartfelt misery! Queen Mab delights in such suipiises, and it is a fact that the most charming dreams are vouchsafed to those whose waiting thoughts arc bitter as gall and worm-wood. Such a dream, and such an awakening, fell to the lot of Totsy on the morning after her father's death. The light of the happy smile of innocent enjoyment died out oflicr facc as her eyes opened to the world, and she remembered the fatal event of the previous day. In its slcad an unnatural grey pallor stole over her features and for a moment she was near fainting. In the confusion no one had thought to take note of the state of the larder, and the rough yet gentle men, who had laid her beside her mother on a bed improvised on the door of tile sitting-room, never dreamed that the bereaved pair would have to add the pangs of hunger to the keener pain of mourning thought. Poor little Totsy lay for a while inert and helpless, then, making a supreme eilorl, she jumped out of bed quickly, yet quietly, and went to inspect the cupboard, in the faint hope that some of her pitying friends might have left there some food. So used was the child to disappointment, that she scarcely felt surprise when she saw that the cupboard was empty as usual. She closed the door with a faint sigh, and then started off to tell her tale of want to the neighbours who had before assisted her. Fortunately they were on this occasion able to relieve her immediate need, so that she was enabled to offer her mother, on her awakening a cup ol tea and a crust of bread. These Mrs Dcnzil partook* of in silence, tenderly waited on by Totsy, who rarcfnlly avoided making any allusion to their bereavement. Her thoughts were full of it, but she choked down her tears, thinking that she was following her mother's example of rare self-control. The fact was that Mi s. Dcnzil was still stupefied from the effects ol the drug she had taken, and it was not until she had both eaten and drunk that she even vaguely remembered that something unusual had happened. Totsy was dreadfully alarmed by lier asking what had become of Papa, and why he was not there to share their breakfast. 'The poor little thing stammered out that it was all right—he cotild not come—and was torturing her brain to think of some excuse for his absence, when she was immensely relieved by the entrance of the medical student, wh had come to look after his patients. The Doctor, as he was called on the Creek, soon saw what was the matter, and after a few minutes' cheering conversation, administered an anodyne to MrsDenzil, which had the effect . of sending her ofTto sleep again almost immc .diatclv. He then begged Totsy to come :• away 'with him, as the inquest was to be held that morning, and she need not fear to leave her mother, who would be sure to sleep on till late in the afternoon. This, Totsy absolutely declined to do, and finding all entreaty useless, he left her, after , having implored her not to go into the adjoin ing room, nor remain in the hut whilst the ; Coroner and jury wore there. As soon as ho was gone, Totsy. busied her self in putting the breakfast things away and . tidying up the place. Then, when there was nothing more to do, she resolutely opened the door of the forbidden chambcr and walked in. ~ Tor a few moments she stood trembling on . the threshold j then suddenly she ran forward and flung herself on her knees by the side of the bed, and buried her face in the bed clothes, half choking herself in; the effort, to prevent her sobs from being audible in the next apartment. But the brave child did not give way to her - grief very long. Everything wus in disorder, and she was sufficiently womanly in her in stincts to dread (lie idea of men entering a bed-chamber till it had been ' redded-up ' and made tidy. Soshe set to work. and in an in ■ ?1 creditably short space of time had put away nil the litter, and made the darkened room what she would have termed 'fit to be seen.' ^ , When all was finished, with a piteous yearning look back, she reverently closed the . door, and, taking up some sewing, sal down to wait for the Coroner and jury. These came in due course, and were re ceived courteously by Totsy, for whom cyery-: one had a kind word, and after a very brier stay went back to the 'Digger's Delight' where the inquest was being held. At the dinner hour, Billy Bowes came up, and invited Totsy to come and dine with him ; but even to the ■solicitations of her prime favourite she was obdurate—her place was by her mother's side, and she would not leave her. So Billy in his turn departed discomfited, after an awkward attempt at consolation. By-and-byc, Mrs. Dcnzil awoke, feeble, but sensible. Totsy hastened to give her the re mainder or the tea, which she had caiefully . saved, and bustled about, seeking by an affec tation of hurry to put off the explanation which she kucw must, conic, ' . . To the child's surprise, Mrs. Dcnzil, said little, but received with a melancholy smile the tea which was offered her, drinking it eagerly, '" for she was suffering from a burning thirst, and ' was in fact in a state of high fever. She then arose from the rude, sofa upon which she had been lying, and walked; with uncertain step to the door of the bed chamber. Totsy interposed, praying her not to go in until slie was stronger, but Mrs. Dcnzil put the child aside, saying that,she felt much better arid desired to be left alone for a while with lier husband. She then walked into the room and closed the door behind her. For a few minutes Totsy listened, expecting to hear a violent out-burst of grief, but there was no sound, so she turned away and busied herself in'" tidying the sofa. That done, it be came necessary to think about the future. Something seemed to warn the child that tlic chief responsibility ot providing for their necessities would fall upon her, and she ,cs°" lulcly determined not to grieve any more till she had decided what should be done. So she sat down to consider the position. But first, sad experience having taught her the usual method of procedure in such cases, she drew from the cupboard her father's blot ting-book,and, placing an ink-battle and pen ready for such calculations as she deemed in dispensable, opened it with the gravity of a bank clerk commencing his daily work at his ledger. Tlien, curling her tiny legs round the stoolt ' which did duty for a chair in that humble establishment, she planted her elbows on ' either side of the blotting book, and, burying ■ her hands in her hair, proceeded to think. ' The golden rays of the setting sun dickering in at the open door, slione with softest radi ance1 on her nut-brown hair, gleaming and glancing mid its ripples, and producing shades and tints which even a Rembrandt would have despaired of transferring to his canvas. Outside, the booming of a monster frog supplied a grotesque bass to the blirilt treble af the buzzing cicada. Dot, a white cat of super-human gravity of demeanour, lay basking in the sunlight, lazily licking his paws, and now and again making a fruitless dab at such flying insects as ventured within his rca:h. A peaceful scene—in awful contrast to that which was cuacting in the adjoining chamber ; for there the bereaved wife lay prone upon the floor by the side of the bed, writhing in silent convulsions of despairing grief. * » * * • • * Money, there was none in the house, that Totsy knew well, and it remained only to be seen what could be pawned. Totsy cast a despairing glancc round—the whole contents of the hut would not avail to procure the wlicre-withal of a week's pro vision. All that was valuable or ornamental had long sinco disappeared, nnd nothing but the indispensable remained. The child was fairly beaten, and a stifled sob broke from her as she buried her facc in her hands with nil the abandonment of utter despair. Presently, a soft touch on her cheek re minded her that she was not alone. Dot had not failed to remark the perturbation of his mistress, and, like a faithful cat, did his best to allay the sorrow lie could not comprehend. ' My poor Dot,' said Totsy, casting a loving aim around the sympathetic animal, 'doesn't it like to see its mississ cry! Well, I won't then—there!' and she hastily brushed away her tears, while the cat purred and fondled her as only a cat can. '"\Vc will go to the store. I will tell Mr. lirumm what has happened, and perhaps he will let me have sorno bread and tea.' She then arose, and, after carefully putting away the blotting book and ink- bottle, walked to the door of the inner room. Here for a moment she stopped, nnd, as the recollection of her terrible loss came back to her, she lent against the lintel and wept, bitterly but silently. At last she gently turned the handle. At this noise, slight as it was, Mrs. Dcnr.il started up, and angrily demanded why she had been disturbed. ' I thought, mamma dear,' said Totsy, ' that as you arc better now, I could go down to the store 10 see if Mr. Brumm would let us have some things.' There lis nothing to - cat in the house.' ' .... 'Heaven forgive me !' said Mrs. Denzil, ' I had forgotten.Give me my bonnet, child—I will go myself.' ' Oh, 110; dear mamma—please let me go,' said Totsy, clasping her little hands—'You are not strong enough. Besides,' she con tinued, hesitatingly, ' You know' Mr. Brumm is a hard man—poor papa used: always to say so.' ' • 'And you think lie would refuse to give me credit ?' asked Mrs. Denzil.' < VI think lie would not like to refuse a little girl ?' was the reply. ; 'Well perhaps you are right—go, butcomc back quickly—my child—my only/one!' and the sorely-triedi woman clasped her little, daughter tightly in her arms, and kissed her with fond, tearful kisses.. Released from this loving embrace, . Totsy lost no lime in putting her design in execution, and soon stood at the entrance of the store, which seemed to be full of people, for the in quest had caused some little excitement, and the ' Digger's Delight' had been doing a (literally) 'roaring' trade all day; . Timidly edging her way through the crowd, Totsy approached Che counter, looking over which ■,she was just enabled to discern the enormous head and hairy claws of the. master of the establishment. ' YJiy, Qotf, plesli mine slioul,: here ish a shild! Now, vat do you vant, my. Icetle tear ?' asked Con, leering hideously in an attempt to look amiable. 'Please sir, I. want some tea, and ;some sugar, and a loaf of bread,' said Totsy, timidly. :' Oh, you vanish tea, uud shugar, uiulprcad." Veil, vhere ish de monish, my tear ? Ve can't do no tiadc initout monisli,' ,~ 'But I haven't got. any, please sir,* replied Tjtsy. ■ 'Den go avay,' said Coil, rudely—'go out' mid yourself.—Didn't I pcen tole you dcreish' 110 trade miloul monish ? Bah! I got no time to vaslilC; in voolishness.' So saying, Con turned, and was about to go, when Totsy, half- frightened at her own temerity, again 1 begged him just to give her a little food, as she and her mother were starving. Now at Totsy's first entrance she had attrac ted some attention from the crowd, but when they saw the errand upon which she was bent, those diggers, with a delicacy of which it would have been thought such rude men would have been incapable, turned away and strolled out into the verandah or into the adjoining bar, so that Con and Totsy were left alone at the store. This Mr. Brumm did not fail to note, and was therefore at no pain; to disguise the bru tality of his nature. With a ciirsc he ordered the child out of the store, telling her (hat s'ie and her mother might starve and be damned —for aught lie cared. So Totsy crept sliiveringly away, and walked listlessly homeward, vainly striving to keep the tears from flowing. ' What's'up, little woman?' a choery voice asked, just as she neared the spot where her father had met Woolshed Bess on the previous afternoon. TI10 speaker was a tall,-powerfully-framed man, dressed, in the extreme of digger fashion, in a brilliant scailet shirt and black cloth trousers, sustained by a scarlet silk sash, a tassel of which depended from either hip. ' Full share' hats had not yet become the mode, or most undoubtedly a gentleman of such testhetic tastes would have assumed such an; exceedingly becoming head-dress; as it was, heiwas obliged to content himself with a' cabbage-tree, , which he wore cunningly cocked on one side of his head, which, in its turn, was garnished by brilliant black locks depending in tight cork-screw ringlets upon his shoulders. His face was hard and sun-browned, and two soft brown eyes, which yet seemed capable of savage gleams, peered out from under heavy, lowering eyebrows. His upper lips and cheeks were clean-shaven, and a full view was thus afforded of his firm, clean-cut mouth, round which time had engraved sundry lines which proved that life to its owner had not been all sunshine. Not to keep the reader in suspense I will at once admit that this individual was Setli Har net, the Golden Yankee, whose redoubtable deeds have already been narrated by Billy Bowes. "Here it might not be amiss to slate that Billy had instituted a strict search after Seth on the morning after he had seen him, or as he thought, his ghost, but had only been able to find out that such an individual had certainly passed through Spring Creek 011 the evening in question. Totsy gazed timidly up at the tall figure wliiul. stooped over lier, and, with the unerrine "'friend ClliI("100d' imir>ediately recognised She answered timidly that they had nothinc to cat at home. ' Nothin' to eat V repeated Sell). " TJiet's ;niS'Hy rough on a leeile weeny thing ^:VS"'and 1 wcnt Jown t0 the store and asked Mr. Brumm for some bread and tea and sugar, but I had no money, so he would'ni tfive me any, but ordered me out of tiie place.' . ' Ordered ycr out of the place, did he ? O/dered a babby like you out of the place! lie 1 and furies! I'll fix tins yer matter up prcty quick!' roared Seth, seizing Totsy's hand-'You come riBht along 0* mc_gucs9 I 1 see whether white folks' children is to be let starve on these yer diggin's. Wot's the skunk's name?' 1 ''i'hc-w,l:U did >'°" My. si' f asked Totsy naif frightened at Ihs vehemcncc, and scarcely understanding what he meant. 'Wot's the name o' thet skunk as ordered ycr out o' the place?' repeated Sclh, deli berately. •Cornelius Brumm,' replied Totsy, 'he's the landlord of the Digger's Delight, and keeps a store as -well.' Tni^.11''0"1 °' thc Digger's Delight, is he? III Digger s Delight him .'—come along." They were not long in reaching thc store which was again crowded by diggers, most or the claims having by this time knocked off work. Hello, Boss 1* shouted Seth, us soon as he had crossed the threshold—' Roll up, you deriiod old skunk—you'n me's got to liev some talk together.' So saying, he . elbowed his way through the crowd up to the counter, still retaining his hold of Totsy's hand. At the first sound of the strange voice everyone had turned to look at the new-comer' and so the curious cflccl it had upon Con passed unnoticed. That individual had started violently as soon as he heard Seth speak, and tinned nil ashen white, whilst his hand fur tively stole to a drawer in the counter which was half open, and in which lay a revolver capped and ready for use, ' Recovering himself with an effort/ but not withdrawing his hand from the drawer, Con answered, as briskly as he could manage: veil, vot sh de matter now?' , Grange to say Seth, too, seemed slightly troubled, for he gazed long and anxiously at the landlord before lie condescended to reply. What's the matter?' he repeated at last, slowly-'starvin's the matter. Hyur's a gal a babby—as sez you wouldn'd trust lier a loaf o bread. Is thet true'?' . . 'y^' J"011 see>' said Con,"apologetically, <de shild gomes py me ven I ish busy, imd may-pc I gives her a rough answer. Besides, vedon't give no grcdil dese dimes,' he continued • waxing bolder, as lie saw the necessity for maintaining his prestige. ■ii'v i S Ul° CUblom on these yer diggin's, all I km say is it's a derncd mean one. Mebbe Im wrong, bein' as I'm a stranger, but it seems to me ez it's piayin' iL (ow dowil Qu lhc white folks ez run the other storos, ter say they d iet a weeny little mite like this starve —credit or no credit.' : Con', V.h° 1,ncl by lllis limo thoroughly re covered himself,.retorted in his usual bluster ing manner:— _ 'De yanuly owes me near dirty bounds, vot 1 don t nefcr ogshpect to see now do fader's gone dead—I don't got no inglination to let cm have mine brobborty for nix.' ' Was you ever in Trisco?' asked Seth, eyeing him suspiciously. r 1 . Con started, and again placed his hand in the drawer. <I" 'Vrisco ?—Nein ; I bin gome shtraight ■here from Sharmany.' 'And you never seen DeadmanV Flat ?' peisistcd Seth. - < 'Didn't I peen tole you I gome shtraicht from Sharmany?' said Con, with a slight tremor in his voice, and carefully abiding the eye of his interlocutor. 'Vhy you ask dem questions?' < 'Oh, it don't matter,' replied Both, 'only efyou ami bin thar yeiseir,. thur' was a cliai, thar as like yon as two skunks out o' the same nest. Mcbbe it's quite as well fur you thet youaint the man,' he added, in a tone which , made ^Con shiver, as if cold water had: been poured down his back. 'But this aint whallkem to talk , about. Jest hyst over them groceries. "VVot did you' say yer wanted ?' he asked, stooping down to Tolsy, whose hand he still held.—'Tea suear ' bread,, butter, terbacker, sardines?'—Not waiting for an answer, he turned to Con:— 'Look sharp, Duichy, ef you don't want yo nose chawed ofl.—I aint got no time to stand foolin' hyur.' ' Und who ish to bay for de sh tores ?' asked Con, whose miserly instincts lent him courage. 'Oh, snakes, and alligators!' yelled Seth, loosing the child's hand, and Mrikiug a violent blow, with his fist on thc counter—• You want to be paid, do yer ? By gosh, you sha'n't be paid, jest fui yer burnin' meanness! J Take up the piissel quick! or I'll let daylight in on yer innards, you ugly Dutch dog !' As he said this, Seth drew out a revolver and # levelled it at the trembling Coii. Totsy screamed, and strove to drag his' .hand down, whilst several of the by- standers' implored Con to do as he was ordered. At this crisis, Billy Bowes entered. 'Ilello! What's up now?' he asked— ' Geewhillikins! lr there aint Seth Harnct -the Golden Yankee! How are you, old man?' he asked, eagerly holding out his hand—' I thought I seen you, or leastways yer ghost, some weeks back, but I couldn't gii on to yer tracks, nohow.' » ' Seth turned and cordially shook hands with his old acquaintance, and, as if ashamed of his violence, restored his revolver to its hiding place, a pocket cunningly placed just behind the right hip. ' Wa-al, old hoss,' he replied, 'I'm middliu'—how's ycrself?' ' Oh, prime !' answered Billy ; < but what's the trouble now ?' ' Oh, we was nigh on to a little difficulty,' explained Seth ; ' thet cuss ordered the kiddy out o' the place when she come for some grub and things, and then, when I jest axed him civil and quiet to let her hare 'em, lie commences to rair up and talk big 'bout not givin' credit. Ez ef we was agoin' to let children starve on these yer diggin's !' Billy then perceived little Totsy, wlio had been hitherto hidden behind the stalwart frame of her protector. 'Why, it's Totsy!' he said—' What's the matter, little missy ?' ' Oh, Billy,' she replied, ' take me home, please — I'm frightened — he '—pointing to Seth—' is very kind, but—but—' : !:) ' Yes, I know, my dear,' said Billy, ■ he's ..asgp.od as gold, but raylher noisy when lie's roused,—aint ycr, Seth ?' ' AVa-al,' replied thai individuil, apologeti cally, ' you must give in I don't make no row onlois I'm druv to it. Ye sec, come to think on il, I was extry quiet this lime, considcrin1 the provcrcalion.' At this juncture, Cjii pushed over a large parcel towards them, and muttered sulkily: ' Makes yoosl fifteen shillii^.' ' Hyar's ycr money, ye miserly skunk,' said Seth, throwing a sivcrcign on the counter. * Came on, Billy, we'll take the balance out in licker.' These two characters then walked into the bar, followed by Totsy and an admiring crowd of diggers, to whom the deeds of the Golden Yankee had bccome familiar through the agency of his friend Billy, ' So you thought I was a ghost, did yer ?' slid Seth, as they were waiting to be served. ' Ho ! ho !—wa-al, I reckon I'm a lively sorter ghost at present, anyhow. Hyar's luck!' After a minute or two they left the public housc, and accompanied Totsy to the hut, bidding her good night when they reached the door, in spite of her entreaties that they would come inside and sit down for awhile.J Seth declared he was bound to have a yarn over old times with his friend Billy, and so the two departed and did have a yarn—and per haps a drink or two as well. * * * * * * * The sleeping apartment of the worthy host of the 'Diggers' Delight' was situated imme diately behind the bar, and was a dark, dingy, den—just the sort of place from which you would expect to see emerge a hairy, big headed, monster, whom you would imagine to be lying in wait to pounce upon any foolish wayfarer who ventured within reach of his claws. There the spider Con was wont to sit in lei sure moments weaving his villainous nets, counting over his ill-gotten hoard, and plan ning how to add thereto. : Especially of a ■ night, after • the bar was closed, was it his delight ,lo indulge in'this luxury, whilst sipping his rum-and-water'and smoking a well- worn meerschaum. Here he kept his books and more valuable property, loeked-up in a large safe, which served him also as toilet-table. On one side the small room was taken up by a huge press, which was fdled with a hete rogeneous collcclion of clothes, left in pawn by impecunious customers. A table, two chairs, a huge washstand, improvised out of an old case, and a camp bedstead, constituted the remainder of the furniture. It may be remembered that the sight of the Golden Yankee seemed to have a peculiar effect upon Con, to whom he was apparently not quite a stranger. Certainly this discom posure did not last long, but the after actions : of the worthy landlord would favour the sup position that lie had seonor heard something unpleasant; for he was singularly short and snappish in answer to those of his customers who sought to engage him in conversation, and, as soon as it could be managed without at tracting attention, lie made over the charge of. . the bar to his assistant, and betook him to his . private apartment.'. His first act on entering was to close and lock the door behind him, and put up some shutters in, front of the only window. He then lit a candle, and by its light pro ceeded to, pull off his coat, waistcoat,- and shirt. Thus stripped, lie looked more like a gorilla than ever, for his immense chest was" . covered with coarse, red hair, such as is seldom seen growing on a human being. Having extracted from some secret hiding place the key of the safe, Con then , unlocked it and took out a small box. Therefrom he pulled out a light flexible jacket, .made of fine steel rings, and lined with thick flannel. This he subjected to a rigid scrutiny, and apparently satisfied that it was in perfect order, ho pro ceeded to put it on. . ■ After he had locked up the safe and resumed, his. clothes, lie took down the shutters,.and rejoined the company in the bar, vciy consider ably improved in. spirits, as they remarked to their satisfaction. . The acute reader will gather 'herefrom that Mr. Cornelius Brumm entertained some, lurk ing suspicion that an occasion might arise when defensive armour would prove of service to him j for it is not to be supposed that he would havo worn such an under-waistcoat without good and -sufficient reason. 