COMFORTED TO COMFORT. BY EEV. F. B. MEYER, B.A. " The God of all comfort, who comforteth us in all our affliction, that we may be able to comfort them that are in any affliction, through the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of God."—2 Cor. i. 3, 4 (R.V.) Child of God, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which tries thee, as though some strange thing had happened. Rejoice, insomuch as it is a sure sign that thou art on the right track. In an unknown country, a man tells me that I shall presently pasa over a stony bit of road on my way to my abiding place, and when I come to it, each jolt tells me I am right. So when a child of God passes through affliction, he is not surprised, but satisfied. He knows that he ia right for the gate of pearl, for it ia through much tribulation that we enter the kingdom. Thine afflictions camwt be few. Look up. There is thy Father, pure and holy. Thou art to be like Him. But ere thou canst be, thou wilt need the file of the lapidary, the heat of the crucible, the bruising of the flail—not to win thy heaven, but to destroy thine unheavenlineBS. The spirits gathered there, clad in lustrous white, tell thee that the brilliance of their reward has been in the measure of the vehemence of their sorrows. Be sure, then, that thy Father will put within thy reach a brighter crown, by putting thee within the reach of severe affliction. Look down. Thiukest thou that the prince of hell was pleased, when thou didst forsake him for thy new Master, Christ ? Verily not! At the moment of thy conversion thy name was put on the proscribed Hat, and all the powers of darkness pledged themselves to obstruct thy way. What wonder if affliction comes to thee, aa it came to Job, by the permission of heaven, from hell ! Look around. Thou art still in the world that crucified thy Lord, and would do the same again, if He were again to live amidst it. It cannot love thee, It will call thee Beelzebub. It will cast thee out of its synagogue. It will think it a religious act to kill thee. In the world thou shalt have afflictions, though in the midst of them thou mayest be of good cheer. Look within. What hast thou there but an evil heart, ever chafing against the rule and will of God ; froward, restless, wilful. And in the constant strife between thy will and God's will, what can there be but affliction. This human life ia the college of affliction, whither even the King'a son came that He might be a faithful High Prieat. For auch aa thou art, afflicted one, there ia no literature so befitting as the Bible, and iu the Bible no part more helpful than this epistle. Hope is the keynote of the epistle to the Thessalonians, joy of that to the Philippians, faith of that to the Romans, heavenly things of that to the EpheBianB, affliction of this. It was written amid affliction BO great, that the ApoBtle despaired of life. It is steeped in affliction, as a handkerchief with the flowing blood of a fresh wound. But in this passage the ApoBtle has built for himself a little chamber of comfort, on the wall of affliction. Its stones are quarried from the pit of his own Borrow. In it he Bits and sings, "Blessed be God;" and into it he bids thee come till thine afflictions be past and thy sky is clear again. It is the chamber of comfort. WTien in affliction, mind three things—Look out for comfort ; store up comfort; pass on the comfort you get, (1) LOOK OUT FOR COMFORT. It will come certainly. Wherever the nettle grows, there grows the dock leaf, and wherever there is a trial, there is, somewhere at hand, a sufficient store of comfort, though our eyes, like Hagar'a, are often holden that we do not see it. But it is as sure as the faithfulness of God. It will come proportionately. God holds a pair of scales. This on the right, called AS, is for thine afflictious ; this on the left, called SO, is for thy comforts. And the beam ia always level. The more thy trial, the more thy comfort. -4s the sufferings of Christ abound in us, so our consolation also aboundeth through Christ. It will come divinely. It ia well, when meeting a friend at the terminus, to know by what route to expect him, lest he come in on one platform, while we are awaiting him on another. It is equally good to know in what quarter to look for comfort. Shall: we look to the hills ? No, for in vain is salvation looked for from the hills. Shall we look to man ? No, for Job found the best men of his time to be miserable comforters. Shall we look to angels ? No, God entrusts angels to fulfil many ministries for us, but never to comfort. This needs a gentler touch than theirs. God dare not entrust it to Gabriel. He comforteth those that are cast down. He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds. It will come mediately. Our consolation aboundeth through Christ. When a bridegroom makes a present to his wife, he puts it in the rarest casket, and sends it by her choicest friend. And when our God comforts us, He adds to the exquisite beauty of hia comfort by sending it through the Son of Hia love. It will come directly through the Holy Ghost, that other Comforter, whom the Saviour gives, and who gives us Him, and in giving us Him, gives UB all. It will come variously, sometimes by the coming of a beloved Titus, a bouquet, a letter, a message, or a card ; sometimes by a promise, laying an icecold cloth on our fevered brows ; sometimes by God simply coming near. In sore sorrow, he comfOrta best who says least, and who Bimply draws near, and takes the sufferer's hand, and ia silent in hia sympathising love. It ia so that Grod comforts. Thou dreweat near in the day of mine affliction, Thou saidst, It is I, be not afraid. II. STORE UP COMFORT.—The world is full of comfortless hearts. Orphan children crying in the night. Our God pities them, and would comfort them through thee. But ere thou art sufficient for this lofty ministry, thou must be trained. And that He may train thee perfectly, He puts thee through the very same afflictions which are wringing human hearts with aching sorrow. He makes thus for Himielf an opportunity of comforting thee, and o£ •ao teaching thee the Divine art of comfort. Watch narrowly how He does it. Keep a diary if thou -wilt, and note down all the procedure of His skill. Ponder in thine heart the length of each Bplint, the folds of each bandage, the ministration of each opiate or cordial or drug. This will bring a twofold bleaBing. It will turn thy thoughts from thy miseries to thine out-numbering mercies ; and it will take from thee that Benae of useless and aimleas existence which is often the sufferer's weariest DoBt thou wonder why thou dost Buffer some special form of sorrow ? Wait till ten years are passed. I warrant thee that in that time thou wilt find some, perhaps ten, afflicted as thou art. When thou tellest them how thou hast Buffered, and how thou hast been comforted, whilst thou unfoldest thy tale, and aeekeBt to repeat on them the magic spells that have charmed away thy griefs ; in their glistening eyes and comforted looks thou wilt learn •why thou hast been afflicted, and thou wilt bless God that thou wert able to comfort others with the comfort wherewith thou thyself badst been comforted of God. Once more, then, remember to store up an accurate remembrance of the way in which God comfortB thee. III. PASS ON THE COMFOEX YOU RECEIVE.—At a railway station a benevolent man found a schoolboy crying, because he had not quite enough to pay hia fare ; and he remembered, suddenly, how, years before, he had been in the same plight, but had been helped by an unknown friend, and had been enjoined that some day he should pass that kindness on. Now he saw that the long-expected moment had come. He took the weeping boy aside, told him his story, paid his fare, and aaked him in hia turn to pass the kindness on. And as the train moved from the station the lad cried cheerily, "I will pass it on, Bir," so that act of thoughtful love is being passed on through our world, nor will it stay till its ripples have belted the globe and met again. " Go thou and do likewise." Is thy heart comforted ? Then be on the alert to comfort those who are in any trouble. Thou canat not miss them ; they are not scarce. Thine own Bad past will make thee quick to detect them, where others might mias them. If thou findest them not, seek them ; the wounded hart goes alone to die. Sorrow shuns society. Thou shouldest conatantly seek from the Man of Sorrows Himself directions aa to where the sorrowing bide. He knows their haunts, from which they have cried to Him. And when thou comest where they are, do for them as the Good Samaritan did for thee, when He bound up thy wounda, pouring in oil and wine. Comfort them with the comfort wherewith thou thyself hast been comforted by God. — The Christian. 