TELEGRAMS. .JSEW SOUTH WALES. SYDKEY, Monday. IKSOLVENTS, AwmrDn \VILLT?AM FISInE, butcher, Noewcastle. Liabilities, £407 17s.1lid..; assets, .£9 .10s. .Lonsdale .Lobley, .minea,;Stockton. Liabilities, £29 9s.. ld.; ; assets, £1.10s. .aSILAIE 3MARnlKET. St2e9ton.coal shares sold this;after noon at.;l 17s. 3d. J3ULLI COMfMIssIOE. The .hulli Royal Commission ae-. sumes its sittings ait the Towhii all, Wollolngeng,,on Tuesday, for the pur pose of hearing additional evidence. "NO CHIIIAfEN. Mr. Dawes *states there is notthe ghost of .a .chance of the A.U.S.N. Companyemiploying Asiatic labour in the Australian trade, such a polijcy meaning simple2o '", commorcial suicide.' THiE FORGER HOLT. E B. Holt, of Bank of New Zea land notoriety, who .continues an n mate of Darlinghurst Gaol, is stated.to be in an exceedingly bad state .of health. THlE MEATIIE.. Snowing this zorning at" Ade long, Goulburn, Qaeanbegnan, Cooma, Tumut, Kiandra, Mount Victoria, and OraSgo. Raining at Albury and Mhoulameuncin. COLD .ROMt MORTIL SThe steamer .Warrego, which ar rived in Port Jackson yesterday, from Queensland ports, brought I;1,457oz of gold. FATAL AC]:DETS. Dennis Belk, labourer, who was wery soverely injured by a chargo of powder exploding while blasting at Manly Beach os Friday, died yesterday morning, from hisinjuries.. A miner .named Freestone. recently. injured at Mo?unt Kombla Collies7, has died in Wolgongong Hospital. ALLEGED POISONING. It was stated at Braidwood on: Stturday that.Nrs..Ah Ping, the .wifo: Of ael0hn~man at Mudinelong, Idowero Adelong, had been-poihoned:?.An in 7 eat . 'wilb e·d . : :eld. ':: d I <.r ,.Y: SEVEIRE WEATIEIR. It is snowing in many parts of the colony to-day. THE YELLOW AGONY. The steamer Tsinan, which arrived in Port Jackson on Sunday from Hongkong, brings 198 Chinese passon gers for tihe Australian colonies. NEW CHURCII. The foundation-stone of a noew R.C. Church, to cost betweeon £6000 and £7000, was laid by Cardinal Moran at Randwick on Saturday afternoon. SUDDEN DEATH. Rev. J. WV. Johnstone, incumbent of St. Edmund's Church of England, Gunning, died suddenly at 3 o'clock on Sunday. The rev. gentleman con ducted service in the morning, during which he announced that he would not hold service in the ovening, as he felt unwell, but no one anticipated that anything serious was the matter. Only one member of his family was at home. Great sympathlly is ex pressed for his wife and family. The event has cast a gloom over the com munity. A CENTENARTAN. A man named James Curtis, who is said to have been born in 1782, and was therefore 105 years of ago, died at Gundurimba, near Lismore, on Sunday. He has lived with a family here for over 40 years, and was able to get about up to the time of his death. He came to Sydney in 1830. ALLEGED RUSIIRANGER. A man named Allright, who recently stuck up a man named Redden, was captured in the ranges by Police constable Grenenger, and brought into Carcoar on Saturday. The con stable had been scouring the ranges for two days, and arrested the prisoner in the navvies' camp, some 30 miles from Carcoar. SOUDAN EIFECTB. A man named Fmrankl Connors was, at the Water Police Coilrt to-day, coniminitted for trial at next sessions for attempting to take his life by shooting on the 25th of last month. Conners was one of the smartest artil lei'y drivers in the Soudan contingent, but has been for some time afflicted with periodical fits of insanity, con sequent on sunstroke. SUDDEX DEATH. Caroline Duncan, a widow, 69 years, died suddenly at the residence of her son, Andrew Broad, Liverpool- road, Croydon. The deceased went to the bathroom to take a bath Soon after wards Mrs Broad heard her scream, and on going to see what was the matter found the old lady in a fit on the floor. Dr. Jones, of Ashfield, was called in, but on his arrival life was extinct. ANOTIIHER PROTECTIONIST. The Ron. Edmund Barton has now become a sincere and confirmed con vert to Protection, and when the next favourable vacancy occurs in the Legislative Assembly he will resign his seat in' the Legislative Council and stand for it in the interests of Protection. S THE tALLEGED WOOL FRAUDS. SMessrs. Lee; Ml'Alister, .and Buck land pleaded not guilty to the charge made against them yesterday. The case is proceeding. 