T.R.C. RACES. (BY Telegraph.) MELBOURNE, Sunday. — The V.R.C. New lear s Day meeting was held at Flemingtou on Saturday. The weather was glorious, and the attendance large, including the Governor. The racing was of a first-class description. The oianaisu Handicap, for which 21 started, was won by the favorite, William Tell, who came in m he liked in front of Hogmany and Kohai, Hortense again proved herself the best two- iear"?r teeeasR by romping home with the Normanby Stakes, Escutcheon and Be douin filling the other places. The favorite. Blue Mountain, easily appropriated the Hurdle KacefromWhalebone, Goodwood, and five others. The Bagot Handicap was a magnificent race, 21 started, and again the public were fortunate, for All Gold won after a most exciting struggle. Recall who came late was ouly half a length behind, with Duration third, a length away, and rest of the field close up. In this race the veteran -Commotion broke down. The Steenle- chase fell to Lizette, who had a hollow victory from Moonlight, the only other placed hone, ihe Criterion Stakes for two-year-olds brought toe meeting to a cloBe, it was won by Escutcheon veiy easily. Pingara aud Epicurean were secoud and third. Every race but the J Steeplechase fell to the favorites, and the winner of that eveut was nearly equal in de- maud to the actual favorite. The following are the results STANDISII HANDICAP. William Tell, by Kettledrum— Flora, 9it. 61b. (Olds) 1 Hugimuiay. fist. lib. (Power) .. 2 Koh.»ir. 7st. 9lb (Trahan) .. .. .. 3 other starters : bhcct Anchor, Coronet Pocahouias, Quinilu Matsep. Ghost, Zuutippc, Don Gioran, straight bliot, Marie Louise, Sedition, Louise Bert a, Moroney. Lara, Menottl, Harvester, Maroondab, fit, Louis, Retort. Betting : 5 to 1 v. William Tell, 6 to 1 v. Hogmanay, 7 to 1 Kohair, 10 to I Straight Shot. Harvester, William Tell and Pocahontas got a\T.iy best, Maroondah being the slowest off. Wheu they were well under weigh Quintin Matsep and Louis were together in front 01 Don Giovan uud aeditiun Lelnglo the centre. Sedition, followed by Louis was lirst over thu tan, where The Ghost cuuio up very fast. Entering the straight William Tell had a visible lead of Harvester and Hogmanay. Toe last-named was ffTst at the carriage paddock, but OWs shook up William Tell, who responded, aud flew jiast the winning post utt easy length iu front of Hogmanay ; who beat Kolihs for third place by half n length 5 Harvester was lourth halt a head behind, aud then came Louis, Coronet, straight shot and sheet Anchor, with Maroondah a bad last. Time, Imiu. XOItMAXUV STAKES. Hortense, by Gang Forward— Josephine, 9it. "lb. (Campbell) .. .. .. .. .. \ Escutcheon, 8st. 101b (Ivimy) .. .. .. 2 Bedouin, Sst. Idlb. (Wooa) .. .. 3 Other starters: Perhaps, Lord Allen, Loyalist, Dieueruiei. Bcttiug: 5 to 1 on Hortense, 3 to 1 v. Escutcheon, 6 to 1 v. Bedouin. 8 to 1 v. Licdcrtafcl. Liedertufel, Perhaps uud Hurteuso got the best of the start. Perhaps took up the running and was prst over the tan, followed by the favorite, Lieder tufel uud Loyalist, with llscutcbcon lying last. As the straight was entered. Bedouin ran up third. At the distance, however, the favorite came with a wet sail, uud easily outpacing her held, passed the post about a length iind a naif in front of . seuteheou. who catne up very fast at the finish. Bedouin was third, and then came Ferhupi. LfcJerufel aud Lord -Alien, with Lovaltst last. Time, lmin. 4ftsec. jhtidi.k race. Blue Mountain, by Croagh Patrick — Mountain Maid. 1 1st. 31 b (Soobie ) . . . . , , \ Whalebone, 9st. (Uriliams) .. .. 2 Goodwood, list. 91b. (Anderson) .. .. 3 Other starters : Agent, Bonnie Lad, Revenge, Lonls, Moolgai. betting : 5 to 4 on Blue Mountain, 4 to I v. Good wood, 6 10 1 Bonnie Lad, 7 to 1 Agent and Revenge. The field went away well together, Blue Mouutuia sailing over the first ooBtuble iu frout of Bouuie Lad, and Goodwood lust, ltoundiug the turu, Whalebone led the way. followed by LouLs aud Goodwood. Fust bridge aud along the rivor Bouuie Lad was alongside the leader, but at the buck the favorite again took the lead, with Ageui close up. At the Abattoirs. Bonnie Lid just headed the favorite, followed by Louis, Whule- \ boue Agent uudGooJwoud. Passing the sheds the order 5 was the same, but Blue Mouutaia took up the run ning iu the straight, and llying over the lost hurdle, ' landed his owner's co.ors first by about two lengths I iu front of Whalebone, who came up in the last !' 59yds. and defeated Goodwood for secoud place by a c head. Revemre was fourth, aud then came Bonnie ; Lad, Ageut aud Louis, Moolgai 1-ast all the way. Time, -luiiu. 3ec. ' 1jagot handicap. 5 All Gold, by Iufldel — Goldeu Locks, 7st. (Gorry) .« I h Recall, 7st. 71b„ includiug 71b. peualty (Power) .. 2 Duration, Sst. 91b. (Browu) .. .. ,,3 utber sUrters : Commotion, Sardius, Grace Dar- liug, Silrerminc, Britisher, Moteor, Rulus, Lord 1 Wiitou, Boolka, Claptrap, Cauieriiic, Nuu. Lcvite, >' Fish o' fiilver, iiurvester, impulse aud Shark. Betting : 3 to 1 against All Gold, 5 to 1 Silvcrmi&e;, antl 8 to 1 Lord Wilton and Ntiu, 10 to 1 Grace Darliug, Connnotioii. Cameruio uud Recall, 13.tol t Claptrap and Duration. r< Boolka and Carmcrine got the best of a splendid start, aud Camerme was iu frout passing the stand I" and led round the turu, followed by Harvester, All ' Gold, Recall and Lord Wilton. At the river, Harvo tcr supplanted Camerine, aud at the back was a 1 length iu front of Levitt, Ail Gold, Duration ' aud Spark, the field being close up. Levite L was leading us they passed the Abattorls aod > Harvester by n length bchiud, followed by Britisher, f Ail God nud Lord Wiitou. At the sheds -All Gold commenced to work bis way to the leader, and was ft close behind Duration, who entered the straight first, close behind All Gold ; Camerine, Britisher, Recall V- and Lord Wilton all together, the remainder of the ' field being very handy. At the distance Duration, All Gold, Metal, Lord Wiitou aud Claptrap were almost in a Hue, the first-named hariug a slight ad- $- vantage. Right iu .front of the staud Gorry brought up Ail Gold, and wou a most magnificent race % by about half a length from Recall, who, % coming up within the last few yards, struggled gamely £ but unsuccessfully to overhaul the son of Infidel and v Duration, was third, ouly u length behiud, and then came. Grace Darling, Camerine and Claptrap together, -1,' followed by Lord Wiitou aud Impulse, the lust to pass the post being Levite, fiardius, Kufus and Shark, Time, 2iulu. 53ftsec. Commotiuu broke down in the steeplecrask. Llzctte, by Hicroglj-ph, 12st. lib. (Batty).. 1 Moonlight, fist. 1Mb. (Allen) .. .. ., 2 Oilier starters : Lady Ashton, Contingent, Letitb, Curiosity, Talisman. Betting : 2 to 1 v. Lady Ashton, 3 to 1 Uzette, 5 to I Cariosity. » When the flag fell Lady Ashton took ber P usual place iu front, nud 'led the field at a rare but over tho stone wall, followed by Curicstv, Contingent and Lizette. Lctitia baulked at % this obstacle nud was never in the race after. At t-o traiulug sheds, fialcsniuu baulked and stopped. Lady % Ashton led into the straight followed by Curiosity and Lizette. At the next fence Curiosity fell, aud Cou- $ tingcut striking badly lost a lot of ground. Right in \'.j- front of the stand Lnuy Ashton took off for she stone- Y; wall jump too f ruud fell, leaving Lizette a lead of nearly 10U yards from Mooulight, who was followed fu;: a similar distauce by Coutiugeut. After considerable .7- delay Lady Ashton wa9 remounted aud went off in t& hopeless uursuit. Lizette cuutiuucd on the even tenor of her way, aud juuqiing without a fault won by 20V yards from Moonlight. Lady Ashton came la third, but was uot placed, and Contingent was the only other horse to get round. Time, fiuiiu. 18ft sec. <T»irea '-fl Escutcheon, by Musket — Rosette, 7st, 31b. (Ivemy) 1 'M Fingara, 7st. 21b. (Turner) .,2 ;>.,j Epicurean, Sst. I01b. (O'Brien) .. .. .. 3 Other starters : Albert Loddon, Ormonde, St. Michael, p Citadel, Loyalist. Betting : 6 to 2 on Escutcheon, C to l v. Epicurean, 10 to 1 otiiers. Epicn.ean led till the carriage paddock was reached 'M wheu the favorite came away uud won with most ridioulo :& ease by four lengths from Fingara. who bent Kpieurcau lor second lienors by half n length. Albert Loddon was fourth, and then cauic fit. Michael, a'; Citadel, Ormonde, with loyalist last. Time, Imiu- k? 20ftscc. P 