4 Maryboroueh Ghost. Hmiyuorodoh has been revelling in a gliost; at least so the police sergeant says. He saw It with his 'nery hejes'; it glided over a fence and sank into the ground at the 'coppers' approach. I think I should have done the same had I been playing ghost, in fear of a morning interview with the P.M. had I stayed. I saw a ghost myself once, — a real one. As a boy, I . was sleeping in ft quepr shaped room in an old house in an old part of London, — the coffee-room vre called it, from its shape. Gruesome tales were rife amongst us youngsters, as to tragic deeds which had been perpetrated in that old house in days of yore, and they no doubt, impressed my juvenile imagina tion, anyhow, lean- thu ghost. I slept with an elder brother, but by reason of his superior age, he was privileged to stay np later than I. ' For aa hour or two each evening therefore, I was the soJitajy occu pant of the coffee-room. On this par ticular evening I had stayed awake after poing to bed, at least so then I main tained, altbongh I would scarcely make an affidavit nf the fact now. As I lay there a lady dressed in a costume of black! trimmed with gold cording, came and stood by the bedside and regarded me steadfastly, I think that is the proper ex pression, — ghosts always regard you stead fastly. What her appearance portended, I know not ; I stayed not to know ; but, with a cry of terror, I bonnded from the room to the more habitable regions below, and astonished my elders by appearing in my night shirt in their midst. Gently, but firmly, they led me back, and showed me that no ghost was there ; bat to no purpose, had I not seen it ? I daresay it was only too mnch cold pudding for snpper, or something of that sort, but tlie lady in the costume of black, trimmed with gulden cord, regarding me stead fastly, is a reality to me, even now. I rronder what tbe police-sergeant's ghost was ? I have known caseB where a too abundant bupply of ardent stimulants has raised not a ghost only, bnt a legion of 'blue devils.' Maksiaob of ah American Heibess to a Chinese.— Miss Eliza Maud Jerome, an heiress, has just mirried s Chinese gentleman, Yan Phon Lee, of Fragrant Hilhi, China. The bridegroom lately gradu ated at Yale with high honors, and intends to reside in New Haven, and become a journalist. The ceremony was performed at the residence of the bride's mother, and in the presence of intimate friends of the fnmilieB of both bride and bridegroom. 