" A L M A." ' An Original Australian Stoio by HAROLD STEPHEN ESQ., M.P. of NEW SOUTH WALES. (All Rights Reserved.) j CHAPTER XtX.— (C'jxTrsuEiJ.) "You mean Alma Tredegar," began Grace. " Who did you say ?" interrupted Bertie In an exeited tone. " Alma Tredegar," replied Grace. " But what is the matter?" Bertie had started to his feet, and, in so doing, nearly upset the table. He hastened to apologise, and related his adventure o! the preceding day, when he met the brother of Miss Tredegar, in company with Sir. Charles Worth. " Sir Charles North I" said Mr. Harvey. " Why he had the name of being one of the safest men in the city. Has he, too, failed, and come out here to seek his fortune ? Well, well, it is a strange world 1 Who could have thought he would have made a mess of it?" Bertie explained that Sir Charles had by no means "made a mess of it," but hod come out to Australia on business, and also with a View to find Miss Alma Tredegar. " Fortuna tely," he added, " that part of the business may be considered as settled. You, Miss Harvey, will of course be able to tell us the young lady's address ?" " I am afraid not. I received a letter from her last week, dated from Forest Creek, in ' which Bhe said that she and her uncle were about td leave for some new goldfield, and that her uncle had told her that, in all probability, she would not have an opportu nity for writing again for many weeks to eome." " That is unfortunate," said Bertie, " but we may be able to follow them. At any rate, I suppose I may tell Sir Charles Worth that, as soon as Miss Tredegar writes again, you will let him know her address?' " Of oourse," replied Grace. I must ask you, however, to keep silence with reference to the arrival of our friends in Melbourne. Professor Tredegar is at enmity both with his nephew and with Sir Charles, and he is quite capable of preventing them from meeting Miss Alma, if it lies in his power." Grace promised compliance, and Bertie soon after took his leave, receiving a cordial invitation from the young lady to visit them again on his return to town — which invita tion was formally endorsed by Mr. Harvey in a manner the very reverse of cordial. When he had left : "I do not like that yonng man," said the father. " I do, very much," retorted the daugh- ' ter. It may be well imagined that the good news brought by Bertie Leraoorte, was most acceptable to Dart Tredegar and Sir Charles North. At last they had a clue whioti they could follow up with some hope of success, and, in any event, they had every reason to believe that Miss Harvey would ere long be able to to supply them with more accurate information. The whole party, including the detective, left for Forest Creek that same evening. CHAPTEB XX. snob's gully. It was a high old time at Snob's Gully. Ever siuee the news had come that The Ad miral had unearthed a nugget of monster proportions, the township bad been in a fer ment ; for the claims had struck work, and every man on the diggings had come into view the welcome stranger. There it lay — a huge misshapen mass of dull yellow gold, streaked with veins of quartz. Beauty it possessed not ; yet every heart beat high with the hope of one day owning its like. For its exhibition, the largest room in the leading public house had been chartered by the fortunate proprietors of the nugget, and all day long a stream of visitors kept pouring in and out ; whilst the traffic in drink and ' eatables threatened to exhaust the resources of the establishment. Snobb's Gully was among the youngest of the gold-fields of that day. The original pro spector was a shoe-maker, hence the eupho nious title, which had been bestowed upon it, after digger-fa3bion, by some wit among the shoe-maker's successors. When the original " snob " first drove his pick into the soil, it was a charming gorge, between two high mountains, covered with the luxurious vegetation of a primeval forest. A silvery creek wound its placid way through the gully, and tangled masses of creeperB hung in festoons from tree to tree. One short month later, and the gully was transformed. TreeB and creepers had dis appeared ; the ereek had become a sluggish, yellow drain, and the hill sides were covered with tents and huts of every description. The township — is there not something offensive to the taste in the very expression. " township " ? — was situated at the end oi the gully, where it widened out into a "flat," and consisted, for the most part, of stores and public houses. Of these the most pre tentions was the " Snob's Arms," at which thq fcoaohes stopped, and there was actually a billiard-room, containing a dreadful tra- vestie of a billiard-table, and numerous small tables which were nightly occupied by euchre and cribbage players. The Snob's Arms boasted also a dancing saloon, and two real, live barmaids, of undoubted personal attrac tions, and limitless impudence. It was a siab house, or rather a congrega tion of slab huts of various dimensions, bark- roofed, and cunningly connected by covered passage way. In the danciug saloon, reposiug upon a red blanket, on a table improvised for the occa sion out of slabs placed on trestles, lay the monster nugget. At the head of the table, seated in an arm chair, sat the Admiral, the lucky proprietor of the huge mass of gold, which he from time carresssd and patted, as if it had been a child, or a dog. Only yesterday, of the hundreds of men working at Snobs Gully, he was perhaps the least ounsidered. One stroke of the pick, and behold him a king amongst men 1 Oh, wonder - working enchanter, divine gold 1 without thee, life is a wearisome struggle — with thee, a carnival of delight ! At least, that is the poor man's views of the matter — when I have found my nugget, I shall be able to deal with the question from the other Btand-point. The Admiral — so-called, perhaps, because of all living men he waB in appearance farthest removed from the popular ideal of an admiral — was a week- eyed, week-kneed, sandy-haired little man, who had hitherto, as became one of his slender pretensions, modestly kept himself so much in the back ground that nobody knew anything about him. A few hours, however, had wrought a marvellous change, and he now occupied the place of honor as if to the manner born. It really was astonishing to And that he was not only genial, but withal witty and wise. His audience listened deferentially to every word that fell from his inspired lips, and never prophet of old commanded more respect. To each succeeding group of ad mirers he told the same words; yet even those who had heard it early in the day, and often since, listened as eagerly to its twentieth repetition as if it had all the charm of novelty to recommend it. " Ye see, gentlemen," he would say, "me and my mates knowed there was somethin' good in that there ground. FolkB used to tell ns, we'd never come on ft ; but weknow'd better, and there Bhe is !" Here he would point exultingly to the nugget, whifet his hearers smacked their lips, and wished— oh, so dearly I— that it had been their fate to tell the tale. " I'll not deny that there was times when we felt kinder bad about it, times when tucker was scarce, and licker scarcer," — The landlord winced at this remark, for his conscience smote him as he recalled sundry interviews between himself and The Admiral, and in which he had displayed anything but a "trusting" Bpirit. ' There was times even when my mates sez ' Let's shift our pegs but I never gave in ! I know'd we was bound ter strike it rich, and strike it rich we have — gentlemen, call for yer drinks, if you please. It's my shout, and champagne's the drink to-day." Heed it be said that thia speech of The Ad miral was received with ever-increasing en thusiasm? Who, that knows anything of digger- nature, will doubt that an orator ol this stamp was accredited with the possession of more than the average supply of wit and wisdom ? Towards midnight the fun grew fast and furious; and when the coaoh from Forest Greek drew up at the door of the public-house, it may safely be said that not one of its in mates (oi the male sex) was sober. Under ordinary oircumstances, the arrival of the coach — which usually took place at about nine o'clock — wap the event of the evining, and every body tamed out to stare at new arrivals, and question the driver. Great then was the surprise of Jack For rest—Gentleman Jaok, as ha was called — who held the reins on the night in questson, when not ever so much as a groom came to meet him as he drew up at the door, in as gallant fashion as the fagged horses could ac complish. " Well, I'm d— d 1" he mattered. " Here's a start! Anybody dead, I wonder ? There's an infernal row going on inside, anyway. Just hold the reins for a minute, please," he added, addressing a passenger, who occupied the box-seat, "I'm going in to rouse up some of these ducks. Confound my cats I I'll let them know who they're fooling with, in a quarter less then no time." Whilst Mr. Jack Forrest was carrying out his threat, a little voice in the interior of the vehicle said, "I think we have arrived, ancle," and presently the curtains were parted, and such a charming face appeared at the aperture, that one of the grooms, who had at last condescended to saunter lazily towards the coach, started as if he had seen a ghost, and fell over into the horse-trough, much to the discomfiture, but greatly to the delight, of the outraged driver; who, ac companied by the landlord, appeared on the threshold at that moment. "Let me help yon down, miss," said Gentleman Jack offering his hand. " These coaches are rather awkward for ladies." " Then we have arrived, sir ?" asked the young lady, timidly. "Yes, miss, this is Snob's Golly," said the landlord obseqnionsly, bnt with a lurch to leeward, which showed that he, too, had suc cumbed to the influence of the petroleum champagne. " And this is the Snob's Arms — though I sez it, as shouldn't, the leading hotel in the place. Was yon for Btopping here to-night, miss ?" "Yes— get us some supper at once, and show us to our bedrooms," answered a gentle man who had come round from the other Bide of the coach. " Come inside, Alma, the groom will look after our luggage." Poor little Alma — for it was indeed our heroine — cold, tired, hungry, and half- frightened, took her nnole's arm snbmiasively enough, and they were presently ushered into the room off the bar, which was dignified by the name of the best parlor. The furniture of this apartment consisted of a ricketty bush sofa, a round table, covered with a blue blanket in lieu of table- oloth, two or three decrepit ohairs, and an old safe, which did duty as side board. Alma sank on the sofa exhausted, and would fain have relieved herself by tears, but refrained, fearing to vex her uncle. " Cheer up, child," said that gentleman, divesting himself of his overaoat. "A hot glass of brandy and water is what you want, and that you Bhall have in a minute. What is the meaning of that noise ?" he asked. This question was addressed to one of the barmaids, who entered while he was speak- ing— a young lady with brilliant, beady black eyes, very red cheeks and lips, and a mass of oily black hair, which towered at least a foot over the crown of her head, and thence descended, in a cascade of tight cork screw curls, halfway to her waist. " In is a nugget,-' she replied in a mincing tone. The Admiral's party have found a big nugget, and they're a-keeping it up in the anything?" the y0ims ladyliketo take "Yes, she would" replied the Professor, sharply, A glass of weak brandy and water, hoj, for her; find a strong glass for myself. Tionk smart about it, if you please." The damsel looked unutterable things at the person who had the audacity to address her m such an unceremonious manner and flouueed out of the room with a twist of the skirt which narrowly escaped knnr.Hng the aggressor down. by their breath, whilst her ear waB ortenuea by many a mattered oath, and that homlle snoring and gnashing of teeth which attends the sleep of the drunkard. Later on, the house was opened by the landlord — himself very much the worse for the debauch — and then, one by one, the sleepers arose, shivered, and staggered into the bar in search of a " pick-me-up." Mr. Johnson had been able to get to bed, and, after three or four hours sleep, made his appearance, apparently sufferiug less than might have been expected. He was evidently a seasoned vessel ; for, after a brandy-and- eoda, he was actually able to smoke a clay pipe, whilst breakfast was in course of pre paration. Stephen Tredegar had prepared his niece for the appearance of this guest at their table. He had riBen early, and called Alma into the parlor, longb before Mr. Johnson had opened his eyes. What he told the girl, it _is not neeesHary to repeat — it was simply a lie, con cocted for a purpose, and it served that pur pose — at least so far as concerning Alma, that, however objectionable a person Mr. JohnBon might be, it was highly important that he should be flattered and concili ated. The poor girl presided at the breakfast- table in a state of trepidation which threat ened, at any moment, to oulnminate in a burst of tears. Mr. Johnson was even more objectionable than she had expected to find him. In the first place, he brought with him into the room an aroma of brandy and stale tobacco, which made her feel so sick that she was wholly nnable to swallow a mouthful of food. Then he ate like a barbarian, using his knife as if it had been a fork, and there after helping himself to butter with the same implement. As for his conversation, it was more than offensive to the girl. His compli ments were coarse, and accompanied by horrible leers, and lewd glances, which even a ohild oould not misunderstand. Moreover he would talk. The Professor vainly Btrove to relieve his niece by taking npon his own shoulders the chief share of the conversation; but Mr. Johnson could talk and eat at the same time, and thus enjoyed the advantage which he pushed to the uttermost ; being, in point of faot, extremely well pleased with himself, and laboring under the hallucination that he was decidedly coming out strong, and making an impression. How long that meal endured, Alma never knew. It seemed interminable — for J ohnson was one of those happy individuals whose ap petite iB increased by eopions potations, and \e had no idea of ceasing to eat as long as there was anything eatable left on the table. At last he looked around, and sighed the aigh of repletion, then he commenced to use his fork as a toothpick. Even the professor could not, however, stand this last proceeding,, and he arose hastily, telling Alma to go to her room, and prepare to accompany him for a walk. How gladly the girl took the hint and escaped may easily be conceived; but she was not suffered to depart without the promise of farther torture, for Mr. Johnson, without rieing, intimated a desire, if she had no objection, to accompany her and her uncle in a stroll among the claims. As tlie floor closed tlie Prolessot turned to Mr. Johnson with a gravity of manner which even impressed that individual, and caused him to ask uneasily— " What's up now ?" "Can we be overheard?" asked the Pro fessor." "If we don't yell out, and there don't happen to be anybody listening at the door," replied Johnson, " I should say we can't. Especially as there is an infernal row going on as it is." Truth to say, a large number of the Bacchanalians of the previous night had by this time assembled in the bar, and, as they were all still more or less intoxicated, the noise soon became deafening. " Mr. Johnson," began the Professor, " if I mistake not, you have not always borne that name. The fork fell from the man's hand with a orash upon the table, and he stared, open- monthed, at the Professor, "whilst a pale green tint seemed to spread itself over his faoe. " I think," continued the professor, " that you were formerly known in London by the name of Thomas Sumner." Mr. Johnson took up the fork, and re commenced picking his teeth. " Well, sir," he said, ' ' what then ? Many a <"«" does not care to be known by his own name on the diggings." This was said in a confident, defiant tone- wholly at variance with the man's behaviour when first he had been aoonsed of using an alios. The professor scored a point— he con cluded at oncethat the gentleman before him bad been known also by another name, and that there were circnmBtances attendant upon his bearing that name which made him dread its discovery. " Of course," said the Professor, "it very often is desirable to conceal tone's identity. I merely asked the question, because I thought you must be Thomas Snmner," (To be continued.) 