SEANCE PRESTIGISPIRISTE BY MONSIEUR BLITZINI. This world-renowned artiste will visit Witherington and perform at the Pavilion Hall at , 8 p.m., on the evenings of Friday and Saturday, 13th and 14th August, 1886. Important to those interested in the occult ! No manatams or esoteric bamboozling !! Read a plain tale. M. Blitzini, far-famed as a professor of the so-called art of magic, undertook, in the exercise of his calling, to expose the tricks and fallacies of the Spiritualists (including the Devonport cabinet, the light and dark seance, materialisation, etc, etc.). This he did with ease; but, in the course of the experiments suggested by his researches, he, strange to relate, made the startling dis- covery that there is, in very truth, a sphere of spirits or genii with whom it is possible for the duly initiated to enter into converse; and, pushing his investigations still further he became possessed of the extraordinary and wonderful power which he will have the honour of exhibiting. Monsieur Blitzini used to perform his marvels by sleight-of-hand alone, the aid of profuse machinery being in his opinion con- temptible. Still stranger wonders he now performs without any aid save that of the invisible above alluded to. COME AND SEE. At the end of the performance, Monsieur Blitzini will be happy to give a detailed account of his experience and his discoveries to any intelligent member of the audience, desiring the same. MONSIEUR BLITZINI, PRESTIGISPIRISTE, PAVILION HALL, WITHERINGTON, 13th and 14th August, at 8 o'clock precisely. One of these alluring advertisements was fixed to the wall of the pier pavilion, but it did not attract much attention during the first performance as it de- served, for a band was playing in the middle of the pavilion, and at the end of the pier the noted man Oster and his seven sous and daughters were giving their astonishing aquatic entertainment. M. Blitzini's advertisement had, how- ever, considerable interest, for the two men lounging along the pier- two men whom a boy would have called elderly, whom an old man would have declared young. They were Steele Wyoming, an American, and Cecil Cameron, an Eng- lishman. They paused before the placard, and read it silently and with profound absorption, A smile or two flitted across the Englishman's face during the perusal, but the humorous gloom of the American deepened. ' Cecil,' said the latter solemnly, ' this is tall talk, but I like it.' ' Steele,' replied his friend, ' I think it is more fun than a barrel of monkeys.' 'It is very strange,' Wyoming re- marked, with the air of a person making a serious confidence to himself, ' how well you can talk American. Much better than I do, in fact.' ' I had the advantage of studying it as a foreign language,' Cameron retorted with quite gravity. ' Perhaps that may be the true explana- nation,' said the American. 'Now, what about this hanky man ?" ' I think he is just lovely,' interrupted the Englishman. 'The esoteric touch is good, and so is the "so-called art of magic." ' The contempt for the use of profuse machinery' is quite Machiavellian. Al- together, he seems to have got hold of an idea both new and good. We've had over and over again the converted and un- converted and re-re-converted Spiritual- ists, but to happen on a new kind of spirits while you were engaged in expos- ing the bogus one, is s good act. 'It's not half bad,' Cameron added, 'and I'm really grateful to him for saying nothing about that detestable rubbish thought-reading. It would have been so easy for him to ring in the old second sight business and to call it thought read- ing by spirits of the ninth sphere.' ' Blitzini has a soul above that.' ' We're going to see him ?" asked Cameron. Wyoming stared at him silently for a few seconds, and then said, ' Why persist in asking foolish questions ? As if any two members of the Rosicrucian Brother- hood could be anywhere and see na ad. of a fakir's show and keep away.' 'That's so,' said the Englishman, as they walked away. Before they reached the end of the pier Cameron paused suddenly, and grasped his companion's arm and said : 'I've an idea!' ' Then I would suggest that you freeze to it,' remarked Wyoming, pleasantly. ' Sir,' replied Cameron, ' to speak your benighted tongue-I have no use for you. Yet I will relent and tell you my idea.' : 'Fire away!' ' I will be brief. This Blitzini used to be a conjurer, but now he pretends that he is a conjurer no more, as the newly discovered spirits work all the tricks for him. This, naturally, is all jimmy, and he does his little deceptions just like any other conjuror, of course.' 'Of course,' Wyoming said, as Cameron drew breath. 'Now this is my idea. Suppose that, there are really spirits in the ninth sphere, and suppose that they are of a sensitive nature, and do not like to be spoken of lightly---' * The " Huffy Spook," continued Wyoming gravely,' it's a bad notion.' 'Spook, for all it is German, is a blessed word,' said Cameron; "it's so much more expressive than ghost or spectre. But you do not yet catch on. Just imagine those spirits reading this advertisement aud seeing themselves billed to perform out of their proper sphere. It seems to me that this placard, is calculated to hold them up to ridicule and contempt among the spirits of other spheres.' 'I see,' Wyoming interrupted, 'and I think they would be justified in getting mad.' 'And wouldn't they be likely to go for that magician,' asked Cameron, 'and have some fun with him ?" ' It would be a cold day for the un- lucky fakir,' assented Wyoming. 'I don't like to think what might happen,' the Englishman continued. The American smiled solemnly and said, 'Well, with a bewildered and baffled conjurer, a lot of angry spooks lying around loose with their dander up, almost anything should happen, why, as Artemus Ward says, it would be money in that man's pocket if he had never been born.' 'Fancy now,' said Cameron, 'what if, this should occur to-night. He is to give his show for two evenings only. Do you know what to-day is ?" 'Friday.' 'Hangman's day, you know,' Cameron continued eagerly, ' and it's the 13th of the monh.' 'That's a curiously unlucky combina- tion, isn't it?' the American asked. I've had a baker's dozen of misfortunes happen to me on a Friday when it was a 13th. 1 guess we had better go tonight-perhaps something may happen.' ' Meanwhile,' said the Englishman, as they walked from the pier upon the esplanade, ' we must dine , 1 want a square meal to give me strength to see the show. It's hot and dusty, so let's take a fly to the hotel- let's be hauled mealers, as you Americans say.' 'It is wonderful,' Wyoming remarked, as he beckoned to a cabman. 'quite wonderful how well you speak American.' '1 learnt it,' replied Cameron, with amazing effrontery, ' from Henry James's novels.' After their dinner tho two friends lighted their cigarettes and strolled slowly along the esplanade to the pier. When they reached the pavilion they found a stream of spectators trickling into the hall where M. Blitzini was to perform. At the suggestion of the American they tossed half a crown to see who should pay for the tickets. Wyoming lost, and he selected seats in the front row. The hall was about half full when they entered it, and a few retarded stragglers came in while the pianist was playing the overture. 'I know this hall very well,' said Cameron, as they sat down. ' I acted here last year in private theatricals. It has one disadvantage- there is no stage door. We had to came in at the main entrance just as we did to-night, and walk through the auditorium to that door over there on the right, which leads to the stage and to the two dressing rooms alongside of it. We gave a comic opera, and we were very cramped for space.' 'I guess there will be room enough for the spooks to put in their fine work,' Wyoming answered, intensifying his Americanisms, as he was wont to do, for the benefit of his English friend.' 'Guess, spook, fine work. I'll get 'em all three all ready,' said Cameron, quoting Sir Andrew Aguecheek. 'Yours is a great language, though, as I remarked before; you do draw on the German.' * I wonder what mav be M. Blitzini's native tongue ?' asked Wyoming. * Monsieur is FranvW answered Camer- on, * Blitz is German, and ini is Itnliau-. 'Then he is either-an Irishman or a Russian/ the American declared, with an air of profonnd wisdom. .His programme is in French/ Cameron remarked, as he bought ono from the. attendant; 'at least, it is in what purports to be French/ > * It, is a little short, isn't it?' the American queried; 'seven tricks iu the first part, aud six iu tho second/ * Total,, thirteen again !' cried the Englishman, ! At this momeut the musicians left off playing and the curtain rose, iv vealing a stage almost bare. There was an ordinary drawing room table in the centre, and at the sides, there wero two smaller tables with glass tops. At the back there was a tall cone, like an extinguisher, except that it was quite seven feet high. Threo gr four of the footlights in the middle had been, removed, and au iucliued plane led from *he stage about half way down the centre of the hall. It was next to the run-down, as it is technically called, that'Cameron and Wyoming Iud taken their seats. A few seconds after the curtain rose, M. Blitzini appeared at the right of the stagehand, advancing to the centre, he bowed to. the audience He was a man of less ¡than forty. He was tali and slight, with a little stoop of the head. He had thick - dark hair, already grizzled. He had a youngish face, but it was heavily wrinkled. .. Heavy eyebrows arched over eyes, which were h\s chief novoqal 'pecu- liarity; they, were grey, with a streak of red in .the iris. His hands were fine and delicate, but there was a feline sugges- tion in . their movements. Thé ease of his, manner was nqt artificial, but it might be callad excessive. í Ladies and gentlemen/ he said, as he surveyed the audience calmly, ' 1 hope to have the pleasure this evening of enter- taining you with the eight of strange wonders What I shall perform before you 4s. so unlike the ordinary perfor- mance ot thq ordinary conjurer that, without seeming boastful, it would be impossible for me to, expatiate -on the extraordinary novelty of my programme were jt noj; that I cannot claim for myself any credit for the marvels which will h& accomplished this evening. AU that I have done is to discover the spirits of the s^nt, sphere .andto induce them- to lend us their ¿id for the working of many wonders. If therefore, what you may i see here to-night pleases you, it is these spirits whom.you must thank, not me." I am only a /humble instrument im,their j hands, abd they are the real authors of ! these startling novelties which I hope to j be able to, exhibit before you this evening, j 1 have to beg that you will bear thhv in mind.' I use neither apparatus nor : sleight-of-hand, nor do 1 rely in any way : on my own dexterity pr ingenuity. ' AU that I âô is Äo serve as tbçmedium whore-* «Wu io thoao which the Egyptian mngU ciaus wrought before Pharoah-perhaps by the same means.' "As M. Blitziiii finished this irregular speech, almost exactly the opposite ofthat ordinarily spoken by the professional con- jurer, Cameron aud Wyoming looked at each other iu blank surprise. * This is pretty steep, isn't it r" asked the American. ' It is that,' tlie Engli nunan answered ; ' and I think it is about the coolest thing I ever heard. Just look over the pro- gramme, aud you can recognise every trick on it, in spite of the fancy French namos.' 'Lo Bouquet d'Iris,' said Wyoming, that's the growth of flowers, I suppose, and 'La Pluie de Danae' is the shower of money, of course. But what is 'Le 'Tireue des Cartes P' 'It's bad French for the rising cards, TU be bound,' Cameron answered. ' Aud the others are as familiar as these,' ' You think, then, that he is hiding the old-fashioned tricks under new- fangled names, and that he is merely an ovdiaary ca«juror, who has chosen to give \a-ioty to his stmw by alleging that familiar spirits come from the vasty deep ta do his bidding ? 'Precisely so.' ' It's a dodge worthy of Barnum at his bjst or Sara Bernhardt,' said the Ameri- can enthusiastically. While the two friends were exchanging impressions, M. Blitzini had. retired up the stage, as though to seo that every- thing was in order. From tho centre table he had taken up his wand. With this in his right hand, he advanced again tj the footlights. ' I beg your pardon for this delay of & moment only, but you muBt observe that I have dispensed with au assistant, and that I shall not leave the stage during the performance. I shall remain before you the whole eveniug, except duriug the bi ¡pf intermission between the two parts of the entertainment, and I shall have no assistants whatever-save the unseen hands of the silent spirit«.' As he paused for a moment, Cameron said to Wyomii'g : ' He ha* a curious accent, hasn't he P It might be foreign-Dutch or Russian aud it might be English.' * He's not an American,' replied Wyom- ing. ' 1 feel sure of that.' * I shall have the pleasure of beginning my entertainment,' M.. Blitzini con- tinued, * with the strange marvel which I have called Les Fleurs d'Iris." I hare here a flower pot fitted with garden mould, and I take six seeds from this package, and-' Here he interrupted himself and glanced with apparent surprise at the right lappel of his coat. 'I beg your pardon, but I see I have presented myself before you without the flower. Fortunate- ly the omission is easily rectified. I take one of these seeds and I place it in my buttonhole; I beg that the attendant spirit shall cause it to grow into a flower ; I raise my wand iu the air ; I apply it to the buttonhole, and you see-' M. Blitzini suited the action to the word, and the spectators did see. The seed iu the buttonhole grew at once to a large sunflower, which spread over the lappel of his coat. Then suddenly its outer circle began to revolve and to crackle while from the centre there shot ont with a sharp report, a loug jet of flame. The sunflower had changed to a small Catherine wheel, which spun around bang- ing, and blazing, and whizzing, and crack- ling, until it had spent its short-lived 'fury. M. Blitzing stood motionless in the centre of the stage, not lifting a finger to save his beard, which was getting singed, as the King of Spain's was by Drake.; A look of surprise came into his grey eyes4 and their red pupils glowed above the more material fireworks. At last the spinning wheel of fire gave a final bbize and a sudden bang, and died out and dis- appeared. . ' I say,' said Cameron, ' this, is some- thing like a trick.' 'A8 you justly observe,'Wyoming re- plied, ' it grows interesting. Who would have .thought the phi flower trick had so much flame m it P' * A mau must know his Shakspeare to talk with you,'Cameron answered. ' You see I'm an American,' Wyoming replied, ' and it is meat anc[ drink to us to quote Shakspeare, even, when we sec a conjuror bound upon a, wheel of fire like King Lear. Did you notice that Blitzing seems quito as much surprised«9 weare P * He bears the ordeal by fire -very bravely,' Cameron assented ; * but I con- fess that I don't exactly understand this.' Meanwhile tho spectators had Deon tumultuous in the applause of this truly brilliant trick; M. BHtziui stood silent in the centre of the stage/ bowing his ac- knowledgements, without a trace of the flower or of the fire which had followed it in the lappel of his coat. His black doeskin coat was immaculate. There wasja flickering smile on his lips, and it seemed as though it was only by a strong effort that he was able to keep the wand in his hand from trembling. As the applause jiied away he roused himself and, taking up - tho flower-pot, he: descended tue run- down aud stood among the audience. Here he finisher! the trick in more con- ventional fashion. He borrowed a hat and held it over the flower pot, and. asked a lady to place her hands on the hat, and then removed the hat te reveal a beautiful bouquet of hot-house flowers standing up- right in the earth of the pot. He pre- sented the bouquet to the lady gracef illly, and then returned to tho stage to bow again. It was with a light heart, evidently, that he began the second trick on the programme, where it figured as ' La Montre Indestructible.' Under this title M. Blitziui bcgau to perform the familiar feat with a borrowed watch, which is first proved to bo a repeater, with tbs eccen- tric faculty of striking any hour that the owner may chooss, and is then smashed to fragments in a mighty mortar. In the beginning of this trick, while the perfor- mer was among the audience, all went well ; but at the end, when he returned to the stage and wrapped the scattered fragments in a sheet of paper, tiiis sheet of paper suddenly disappeared, and the wheels and springs fell scattered on the stage. Wyoming noticed a curious and enigmatic expression in the conjuror's face as he stooped to gather up tho broken bits. M. Blitziui took another sheet of paper, again it vanished from his fingers, and again the fragments of the watch fell on the stage. Collecting them i once more, and taking a third piece of paper, M. Blitzini stepped out from the j run-down, and this time he was success- ful in making a parcel. He gave this < parcpl to the owner of the watch and I asked him to opan it, whereupon the time- ! piece was found intact. ' I shall now have the honour of show- 1 ing you,' said M. Blitziui, as he again 1 took up his position in the centre of the : Stage, 'if the assistance I count upon from the spirits of the silent sphere is vouch- j safed to me, the wondrous experiment ' which I have called " L'Ecole de Cuisine etonne par Bellalldes." ' ' His French accent is good,' Cameron remarked. ' But he isn't easy in his mind,' answered Wyoming, who kept his eye on the face of the magician. 'I shall now,* coutinued M. Blitziui, ' venture to'tax your good-nature again by requesting the loan of a hat.' As he came down from the stage his eye caught that of Wyoming, to whose questioning look he returned a glance of reassurance. Cameron aud his friend had seen already that the performer had re- cognised tiiem as experts in the art, and they were conscious that, as is the custom of conjurers, he was playing at them. Wyoming held up his hat, and the magician smilingly took it from him and returned to the stage, ' L'Ecole de Cuislue etenne par Bel- lalldes ' was soon seen to be a variation on the familiar trick of the omelet cooked in the hat over the flame of a candle-the trick over which Robert Houdin, in his 'prentice days burned his fingers and the borrowed hat. M. Blitzini broke au egg into Wyoming's hat, whereat the yoong ladies in the audience giggled convulsive- ly. He added butter and salt and pep- per, and he stirred these togetiier furi- ously with a long-handled spoan-?such as a man should have when he saps with the devil. Then he held the hat over a candle, and a smoke arose, and a fra- grant odour was waftod across the foot- lights. It was clearly evident the trick had beeti accomplished. M. Blitzini laid the hat oh the stage just iu front of the run down, and was about to put his hand into lt to withdraw the omelet, chatting pleasantly, the wliile, and making many small jokes about his Own, culinary facili- ties, when he happened to oast his eyes into the hat. ' Instantly ho withdrew; his hand, and , started back in undisguised astonishment, commingled' with terror., The head of a large snake protruded from the hat, and extruded itself threateningly. With a sinuous movement |t thrust itself forward; from the hat and started to ward tho spectators. It was a hugh boa constrictor, apparently, and in girth it was almost equal to the hat from which it was proceeding. The magician stood stock still on one side, staring at the ser- pent as though fascinated ; only a tremor in his kness betrayed his fear. The hoad of the greo t snake crossed the two yards or more of the space between the hat and the footlights, and still the body continued to emerge from tho hat. A t last it ar- rived at the run-down, and with a slight effort it raisod itself and started to croa» this little bridge to reach, the audience. There was a sudden movement of alarm amon,g tho spectators, most of whom thought that thé appearance qt the ser- pent was part of the trick, and were yet frightened hy the fearful reality ; bujt this alawa, was allayed when tho head of the snake, as it entered on the run-down and passed the footlights, suddenly vanished. The tortuous body could be seen still rising from the hat and pressing forward only to become invisible as it left the stage, lt was some seconds after the head disap- peared before the tail of the snake left the hat,but, soon it. followed the headless body, which ' continued to move toward the spectators and which wa« steadily disappearing as it left the stage. The tail advanced nearer the liue of the footlights until only a yard of the snake's body was to ba seen ; then only half a yard was visible, at last the final few inches, thin and tapering, passed across the di. minishmg distance, 'inti!, with a sinister I vibration, the tip of the tail waved itself upon tho run-down and into invisible space. . ! Cameron and Wyoming looked at each other for a moment, and then turned again i to watch M. BlUzini, from whom they had hardly taken their eyes during (ho brief uiiuute of the hugo serpent's existence. They saw him give one gasp before he re ¡covered himself sufficiently to take the abundant, applause which followed au effect as novel aud as surprising and as inexplicable as this. He snatched up the hat from the floor, and rushed opon the run-down. In a moment he had turned out upon a plate, with which he had pre- viously provided one of the spectators, the smoking omelet of which the appati sing odours had been perceived before the appearing of the snake, and he had re- turned the bat uraiinpaired to Wyoming. ' He works neatly,' said Cameron. ; . . . ' But he is powerful scared,' Wyoming answered. ' These new variations on the old tricks surprise him as much as they do us.' ' Perhaps our joke is coming true-the spirits have taken umbrage at his un- authorised use of their names, and they are playing tricks on him.' ' Do you think that his familiar spook has gone back ou him ?' asked Wyoming. 'What else can I think?' returned Cameron. «The "Huffy Spook" theory is the only tenable one.' ' It will serve as a working hypothesis at least,' Wyoming assented. ' But why is it that all goes well while he is down here among the audieuce, and that every- thing goes wrong when he is up there en the stage ? Have voa noticed it ?' : 'Yes;' Cameron answered, 'I see it-, and it is queer. Of the next t wo items on the programme there is no need to speak in detail. The tricks were commonplace enough in them- selves, but they proved to bo quite un- common in their execution. There was nothing as surprising or as startling as the serpent which rose from the hat and disappeared by inches with a sharp line as though it had been cut off with a knife, but they were astonishing enough. Wyoming kept close watch on the magician's face, aud he noted all his movements; and he 6aw that iL Blitzini, in so far as possible, kept among the spectators aud away from the stage. He was confirmed in his idea that it was only on the other side of the footlights that the indignant spirits were able to take advatage of the conjuror's weakness. M. Blitziui had full control of his resources so long as he was in the midst of the¡ audience, and both tricks went well enough until the exigencies of the per formance forced the magician to return I to the stage. ! And so it was with the sixth trick on the programme, which was called 'Le Tireur des Cartes,' by which Wyoming and Camerom soon recognised as the familiar allusion known as the rising cards, and justly popular among all modern magicians, as it ÎB almost 'the only: card trick which is showy enough for a large hall. ¡ M. Bitizini took a pack of cards in his hand, came down among the audience, and performed a series of most ingenious sleights. 'He passed cards into a man's Í»ocket, and, ho drew cards from a lady's an. He gave one spectator a black card1 |o hold, and. then he touched it with his wand, and, lo ! it was a red card. He bade another spectator think of a card, and he then asked him if he preferred to find it at the top or at the bottom of the pack, and when the spectator chose the top, he 'turned .over the uppermost card and it was the one thought of. At 'last he asked six different persons in different parts of the hall to draw carda and return them to the pack, which 'when ihm had been done, was thoroughly shuffled. M- Blitziui went back to. the stage and placed the pack in a glass globe, and with this in his hand, he advanced towards the footlights,. Turning to. the spectator who haq drown the first of the six cards he said: '.Will you, please ask your card to rise from the pack r* Before the spectator could make this request, a card jumped from, tho pack, fi|ew to the side of the stage, and fixed itself to the scene, ÎL Blitziui's voice quavered as. he ask- ed : * Is ,tl\at vou card, sir ?' '. No,' was the uncompromising answer. A second card rose from the pack, skimmed throuffh the air and fastened it- self! on, tito eocene of the other side of the stage. 'Is that your card? asked M- BlHzjni, doubtfully. ' No,' answered the spectator again. A third card, a fourth, aud a fifth rose from the pack in rapid succession, danced about' the stage, and affixed themselves here and there cn the scenery. They were followed by a dozen moro, which rose in a bunch, flew separately through the air, and attached themselves to every salient object ou the stage. ' ' ' Do you seojyour card, sir P' M. Blitziui iuquired again, with au obvious uueasi noss iu his tone. And again the spectator answered. .JW M. Blitziui had come near the footlights to ask this last question, and he now step- ped out upon the run-down with the glass contaiuing the remaining cards ' in his right hand. ^ What was your card ?' he asked with a dishrarteued smile. , ' 'The king of diamonds,'the spectator replied; and as ho spoke the king of diamonds rose from tuc pack and bowed gracefully. t The spell of ill-luck was broken, and the five other cards rose iu turn from the pack. M. Blitziui was again ablento bow 5 acknowledgements to the rounds kt 'ap- ' piauBe which always greers this" favorite" ' feat when it is properly performed. ' Wyoming, who was a close observer-he . was an excelleut poker player-observed that although the magician's lips smiled, ; his eyes did not. The final number of the first part of the programme purported to bo ''Tia Pluie de Danae/ which Wyoming and Cameron had guessed to be a fantastic title for the familiar and effective trick generally known as the shower of money. In this surmise 'they were right. With .admir- able dexterity M. Blitzini seemed to catch sovereigns out of the circumambient jair ; ' he found them in the bonnets of the ladies and iu the beards of the thou ; he discovered them here, there, and every- where ; he borrowod a hat, and he threw into it cnougii gold apparently to fill it te the brim. He gave a pretty touch to the "? trick, making an ever-increasing arc of gold pieces stretched from one hand t.> tho other, aud then from one baud into the hat- Uko a bartender mixing drinks and pouring a cocktail from a glass in his right hand to a glass in his loft/ as Wyoming described it. While performing this ingenious varia tion on an old trick, M Blitzini backed slowly up to the run-down, with the shower of gold apparently increasing in volume. From a ha-dy glance he cast be- hind him, Cameron and Wyoming guessed that he meaut to carry the trick right !.. back to tho extreme limit of the shallow stage. Soddenly something happened. which delighted the vest of the specta tators, although it caused the two friends a painful surprise. M. Bhtzini had scarcely more than'set his foot on tho stage, with the shower of gold still falling, when the sovereigns disappeared, and m their place appeared " a host of short, stout cudgels;' which1 bb-,: " gan to descend iu a rain of pelting blbws ' on the conjuror's back and shoulders and arms. This spectacle of a mau taken at a physical disadvantage caused the ' audience the greatest possible delight. - Even the more knowing ones, who felt sure it was part of the trick, applauded . tim scared look and paiued expression, which crossed Si. Blitzini's face, and which they accepted as the perfection of acting. ' ' 'The spooks aro playing pretly low down on the wonder-worker, it seems to me,'said Wyoming, compassionately. ' A stuffed club is no joke,* Cameron answered. M. BlitsjinVs weird jfaoe. liad , under- gone many changes of expression s]noe, ''; the sudden transmutation of the precious metal to dull wood. Amazement, nain, -,. terror, and despair chased each other aerbás his features. Unable at last to . bear the unexpected visitation any longer, , ; the magiciah ned headlong to the run down. As'.he .crossed the Hue of thé footlights, the shoiwer ofibludgeons vanish- . , ed utterly, andàti arc of sovereigns began, again falling from his hand to his hat. He closed this into the hat, showed that the hat was absolutely empty, and then . returned \t to its owner as swiftly as. he could, ' ; ' ',;. ? " .'' '/ He stood before the spectators per- turbed and panting, and he bowed : again i »nd again before the plaudits of the audience, getting his breath back in the brief respite to announce that this con- cluded the first part of the entertainment, and that there would be an intermission 1 of ton minutes. With another saiuta- . tion he withdrew, ietummg to ¿the «tage, and walking off hastily to the right. 4 Well/ said Wyoming, as the magician . disappeared from view, ' what do you think ' now P ; - ''r': ' I don't know what to think, as I 'said '1 before. It's a very jtfcttai^sqoe'perform- ; ; ance, I take it, all around/ * I think I've found out the secret/ ? . ' ': * Stand and deliver/ aaid Cameron. ? * Assuming that these disturbances are ' 'caused ^exasperated spirits as we aro j justified in doing-* 'Of course we are/interrupted |Oam- >,. erou; 'you and I know modern,ma'gicJ^ jfrom Alpha to Omega, and weichow" tfcaFf f these little effects are quite beyond "Éhift .f mani's power tb control. \^ ^ (To ba Continued.) 