GENERAL NEWS. The Floods in the Interior.—Mounted constable Bannigan, stationed at Clifton Hills, in a report to the Commissioner of Police refers to the heavy floods in Central Australia. He states that the Diamantina River is higher now than has been known for I years. There is a sheet of water 8 miles wide, with two strong channels running through it, between Clifton Hills and the Diamantina Police Camp. Mr. fiannigan thinks that the road which passes near the former station will be closed for four months. Handsome Gift to the Charity Organi zation Society.—The Secretary of this Society has received from Messrs. William son, Garner, & Mnsgrove a cheque for £912s., being 20 per cent, of the proceeds of the takings on the command night at the Theatre Royal on May 3. Dkfuty-Sdi'erintendent of Fire Bri- j GADE3, — About a fortnight ago the Fire Brigades Board appointed Captain Hennah, of Ballarat, Deputy-Superintendent of Fire Brigades in South Australia. Captain Hennah, however, came to Adelaide on Saturday last for the purpose of explaining that he could not assume the posi- | tion, and in consequence his resignation has been forwarded to the Board. We 1 understand that the officer's friends in Ballarat prevailed upon him to return to that city and resume the position he formerly held there. Captain Hennah left for Ballarat by Monday's train. A fresh appointment will be made at the next meeting of the Board, Colonel French's Targets. — We have been favoured with a copy of the plans of | Colonel French's targets adopted by the Queensland.Government. They are carefully and admirably drawn to scale by Mr. E, C. Owen, who was formerly a lieutenant in our Local Military Forces, and rendered voluntary good service by drawing plans of the country over which some of our military manoeuvring has been conducted. The drawings show the details of the targetas and marking bntts with explanatory notes. The Board appointed by the Queensland Government to report upon the butte and targets erected at Ly tton, ac cording to the designs of Colonel French, have decided that they combine many ad vantages not possessed by the butts and targets now in use throughout the colony. One of the special points iB that all danger to markers from direct hits is avoided, but there | is some risk from splashes from builets strik ing upon the iron pivot of the target. In the drawings, however, a substantial wooden pivot is substituted. The Board on the | question of the durability of wooden or canvas targets seemed to think that whilst wooden targets possess some superior ad vantages over, canvas, the latter if properly stretched would turn out to be more durable as well as economical. The Boys' Brigade.—At the first annual meeting of the Boys' Brigade held at the hall on Tuesday evening a very satisfactory report was presented. The number of members was stated to be 75, and the balance-sheet indicated that the receipts had been £201 lis., and the expenditure £1'J0 10s. Dona tions amounting to £163 5s. 6d. had been handed in, and the cash balance in the Bank was about £11, The Acting Attorney General and other members of Parliament were Dresent. Leasing South-eastern Lands. — The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. H. Howe), after careful deliberation, has decided that the sale of the leases within the schedule in the South-Eastern district shall be pro ceeded with, but in Beveral of the hundreds he has withdrawn blocks pending further consideration in consequence of the proba bility of the areas being in some instances toD large. As a matter of policy the Government have also decided to allow holders of first end second clasB lands to select one block of " other lands." The reason for arriving at this decision is that the Government recog nise that it iB necessary that those who occupy the South-Eastern country should have a change of land for their stock. The first-class lands as a rule comprise very wet and " coasty" country, and it is essential that holders of evch land should at certain seasons of the year chaDge their stock. Government House Entertainments.— With reference to a letter which appeared in Tuesday's Advertiser, beaded "Government House," we have received, with a request for publication, the following memorandum of the entertainments given by Sir William Robinson from April, 1883, to April, 1887, which has been extracted from the books kept in the office of the A.D.C." Enter taiumeuts given by Sir William Robinson from April, 1883, to April, 18S7.—Small dinners (from 4 to 10 gueBtB), 74—144 guests ; large dinners (18 to 50 or 60), 36—1,103 guests; halls, dances, and musical parties, 26—9,496 guests. Total gueBtB entertained, 11,013. This list does not include the reception and entertainment of passengers by the steamers [ and passing visitors to the colony." Australian Medical Students. — The London correspondent of the Argus writing on April 1 eays The prize-list for the session 1886-7 of the School of Medicine, Edinburgh, has just been issued. Australian students figure in it seventeen times. Air. A. W. Sandford, of Melbourne, came out first in the class of practice of medicine with 89 8 percent, of marks, and he was also bracketed equal in the competition for the best essay on abattoirs. Mr. G. E, Morrison, of Victoria, was second in the junior division of the class of clinical medicine. Mr. J. T. Borth wick, of South Australia, obtained the gold medal in the junior division for medical jurisprudence. He also beaded the lists in the junior division of the class of public health." An Insurance Claim. — At the Civil | Sittings on Tuesday Air. Justice Boucaut heard a claim by Messrs. A. E. & F. Tolley, wine aDd spirit merchants, Adelaide, to re cover £155 from the Liverpool, London, and Globe Insurance Company as insuraucs on forty cases of champagne that were destroyed by fire at Messrs. Clelnnd's bonded ware house, Fort Adelaide, on Jane 29 last. The main question for the Court was whether the goods belonged to the plaintiffs as purchasers, or whether they were held by them as com mission agents only. The evidence showed that the cases were brought over from Joskd and Go 's firm, in Melbourne, and that the plaintiffs were in the position of "purchasing agents on -or shortly after delivery." His Honor, finding no evidence of actual t>ur chsLse, ordered a nonsuit .with costs. Completion of Railways. — The Com missioner of Publie Works (Bon. L. L, Furner) expects that the Silverton Railway aDd the Tailway from Monnt Gambier to Fenola, will be -handed over to the Govern ment on June X. He has had the time-tables prepared for both lineB, "Rough on Piles."—Why suffer Piles? I Immediate relief and complete cure guaran teed. ABk for " Rough on Piles." Sure cure | for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of PileB. 303v Additions to tee Zoological Gabdens.— The Acting Director of the Zoological Gardens (Mr. A. C. Minchin) ha8 received advices from London that in a few days he may expect the following valuable additions to the 'Zoo:—Ibex (Capra ibex), a beautifal creature of the goat hind, remarkable for swiftness, and found in the mountainous parts of Europe. Asia, and Africa ; in colour t is a deep brown, with the under parts of the body paler, and it has a strong thick frame, small head, and large eyes. Wapiti deer (Cervus Canadensis), better known perhaps as the Canadian deer, a magnificent animal of the deer species, but much larger and stronger than the red deer, which it somewhat resembles in form and colour. The wapiti is noted for its beautiful branching horns of pecnliar serpentine shape, and in some specimens measuring 6 feet from tip to tip. There are alBO coming an Aoudad (AnmotragUB tragelaphus), a full-grown lion and two cubs, which will form a valuable addition to the carnivora. There are also some very fine blne-and-yellow macaws (Ara ararauna), of which there are some speci mens in the gardens, which will prove a strong, attraction. A oamel (kindly presented by Sir Thomas Elder, the President of the So ciety) will probably by the end of the month be received, A male ostrich was delivered at the gardens on Sunday, and kindly placed; at'the disposal of the Society (not given), and the gentleman who lent it is also going to forward a hen bird. Glenelg Railway Compahy. Limited.— We take the following lrom the Directors, report for presentation to the shareholders at the ordinary general meeting of the Com pany " The receipts for the half - year amount to £12,387 8s. 7d , and the expenses, inclusive of interest on loan capital, to £8,036 18s., leaving as remit of the six months' operations a net profit of £4,350 10s. 7d. With the balance brought forward from pre vious half-year, the sum of £5,011 6s. Id. is therefore now available for division amongst the proprietors; and your Directors have much pleasure in reoommending the payment of a dividend at the rate of 10 per centum per annum on the atroant paid up in cash on the new shares, and at the rate of 5 per centum per annum on the old shares, the balance, £1,516 6s. Id., being carried forward! to next half-year. As approved at last meet ing of shareholders, the vacuum continuous brake has been fitted to nearly the whole of your rolling-stock and locomotives, and the operations in this regard will shortly be com pleted. The brake has given great satisfac tion. Semaphore signals have been erected at all points on the lino where considered necessary. Additional siding accommoda tion has been provided between Goodwood Station and West Goodwood. Finding it necessary to fill the vacancy at the Beard, the Directors, under clause 93, articles of association, elected Mr., Clement Sabine as Director of the Company, and the share holders are now asked to confirm such elec tion. From reports annexed it will be-seen that the property has been maintained in a thoroughly efficient state. The cheap fares in force during the summer brought a very large traffic over the line, but the total amount received is below the receipts for corresponding period of last year, when ordi nary foes were in force. The Directors are pleased to state that their suggestion to have the matter of the Goodwood Crossing settled by the arbitration of Mr. Speight (Chairman of the Victorian Railways) has been agreed to by the South Australian Government,and the reference to arbitration is now beiDg pre pared." Bake of New Zealand.—The half-yearly report oi the Directors of the Bank of New Zealand contains the followingThe net profit for the half-year ended March 31-,-after appropriation for ascertained losses and for Bank premises and furniture accounts,. amountB to £65,95313s. 10d.t to which has to be added balance from half-year ended Sep tember 30, (1886, £11,14017s. 5d„ giving an available total of £77,094 lis. 3d., which it is proposed to appropriate as follows:—To pay J ment of dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, £50,000; to payment of bonus of" 2s. 6d. per share, equal to 2J per cent, per annum, £12,500; to balance carried to profit and loss new account, £14,594 lis, 3d, "Popular Pbovebbs."—The Rev. A. T Boas delivered a lecture on the above subject iu Clayton Lecture Hall on Tuesday evening in connection with the Kensington Literary Society. Mr. C. H. Harris presided, and there was a fair attendance. The lecturer, in an interesting addresB, gave the history of proverbs from the time of Aristotle down, and defined them aB pithy utterances, of the people's wisdom, shrewdness, imagination, and fancy. Eastern proverbs were the most ancient, and from the East they were trans planted to Greece, thence to the Roman Empire, and so gradually became diffased: throughout Europe. Proverbs had a direct application to people and nations. Over 400' proverbs were to be found iu Shakspeares I works, who had a wonderful knowledge of pungent sayings. Mr. Boas calculated there were 200,000 in existence,, and the German nation possessed one-half of the number, which he considered remarkable, considering the charaoter of their literature. A nation's conduct could be gleaned from their proverbs. He gave a number of well-known proverbs as illustrations. He remarked that it was ex tremely difficult to find the source of a-pro verb, and many were falsely imputed. The address was greatly appreciated by those present. Acklin's Corner.—On Tuesday Mr. E. IV. Hawker waited on the Minister of Edu cation (Hon. Dr. Cockburn) and presented a request from a number of the parents that the school at Aoklin's Corner should be made a public one instead of provisional. There is an average attendance of thirty scholars. An increaeed supply of school material is wanted, the teacher's residence required to 1 be enlarged, and rome other minor matters to be attended to, The Minister replied that he would cause an enquiry to be made, ana inform Mr. Hawker of the result. Adelaide Chess Club.—On Tuesday even ing, May 10, there was a good attendance I of members to play off the fifth round of the Winter Tourney. Mr. Laughtpn won his ! adjourned game with Mr. Cheadle. Mr. Harrison heat Mr. Mayes. Mr. Maedonald beat Mr. RichardB, Mr. Watson beat Mr. Earl The games between Messrs. Laaghton I and Roberts (and Tilly and Cheadle were adjourned till next Tuesday. During the week Mr. Burden lost to Mr. Marshall. The game between Messrs. Mayes and Richards resulted in the latter winning. The ad journed game between Messrs. Cheadle and Maedonald has also been finished, Mr. Cheadle mating his opponent at the forty seventh move. The score to date is as followsBurden 3, Earl 3, Harrison 3, Laughton 3, Maedonald 2, Maonin 11. Roberts 1, Cheadle 3, Watson 3J, Marshall 1, Mayes 1, Tilly 1, Richards L Wells' Eaib Balsam,—If grey, restores to original colour. An elegant dressing, softenB and beautifies. No oil nor grease. A tonic restorative. Stops hair coming out,;, strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. S03v The Chief Secretary.—The Hon. D. Murray (Chief Secretary) left for Melbourne by the express train yesterday, and will be absent from the colony for a few days. His -visit to Victoria is a private one. Sea Immigration and Emigration.—Dnr- j ing the week ended May 7 the number of per- I sons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea -from other parts was 258. Of these 206 came from Melbourne, 38 from Albany, and 11 from London. During the same period 360 persons j left Port Adelaide for other parts by sea. Of these 276 went to Melbourne, 33 to New -South WaleB, 30 to London, 12 to Fremantle, 7 to Bremen, 1 to Mauritius, and X to Colombo. This means a difference of 102, Bulli Belief Fund.—Beoeived, tbe follow ing subscriptionsJohn Moore, 10s.; W. Moore, 10b.; John Teakle, 5s.: W. Wise, 5b.; T. Sinkinson, 5s.; E. H. Wright, 5s.; T. Pflamm, 10s.; W. Telfer, 5s.; B. Kidner, 5s.; Mrs. Lee, 4s.; T. Lee, 2b.; Mr. Edwards, 6s.; Mr. Nora worthy, 5s.; Mrs. Francis, 2s. 6d.; total, £319s. 6d. Also, £1 from members of the Cooks' and Stewards' Federated Dnion -on board the s.s. Adelaide, Death in the Interior.—Mounted-con stable Chance has reported to tbe Commis sioner of Police that he had seen the body of the man which on March 28 was found at Alton Downs. The name of tbe deceased was William Nolon, and it is believed that some years ago he was employed at the Blinman Mine. On January 4 of the present year he left Kyratunka, an out-etation of -Clifton Hills, for Alcon Downs. The weather -was very hot, and Constable Chance came to the conclusion that he died from thirst. An \--inquest was not considered necessary. H,A. Female Befcge. — The monthly meeting of the S. A. Female Refuge Commit tee was held on Thursday. There were J resent Mr. G. W. Hawkes (Chairman), Mr. . Scott (Hon. Treasurer), MiBB Che wings -(Lady Secretary), Mesdames Maughan, -Santo, .Robin, Gawler, Lee, and Rill, the Rev. H. Hussey, and Mr. David Nook. The ladies' report showed that there were at present in the Refuge 15. During the month two hod gone to situations and one to the Hospital. The monthly tea party to the inmates had been given by Mrs. fiagshaw. Mesdames Colton, Maughan, Robin, and Santo, Miss Che (rings, and Messrs, G. W. ffawkeB and the Treasurer has visited tbe institution. Letters from three of tbe former inmates had been received by tbe Matron, and intelligence of a satisfactory kind had been received of two others, white five had .called at the asylum to report themselves as persevering in well-doing. A special com mittee of the ladies reported oa several j economical measures which they had con sidered with a view to reducing the expendi ture, which was adopted and left with sub committees to be carried out. The treasurer reported that the debit balance amounted to £98 Is. -6d., and asked a warrant for the month's accounts, total £16 12s. lid. The lady collectors were earnestly requested to endeavour to overtake the yearly subscrip tions now due. Proposed Addition to the Queen's Title. —The Acting Premier (Hon. J. (J. Bray) on Monday received a telegram from Sir Henry .Parkes (Premier of New South Wales), inti mating that he had received a cablegram from tbe Secretary of State for the Colonies, asking for the opinion of his Government with regard to the suggestion that an addition by way of compliment to the colonies should bB made J to -the -Queen's title. Sir Henry wired for the opinion of the South Australian Govern ment upon the matter. The proposal is that the title of Her Majesty in the future ehould be " Queen of the United Kingdom and Ire laud and the Colonies and the Dependencies thereof, and Empress of India," Mr. Bray will lay the telegram before his colleagues. Payment of Members and the Govern ment.—It is stated on good antnority that the Ministry do not propose to include pay ment of members as part of their policy. The measure will consequently be made an open question with the Government. It is under stood, however, that the subject will be dealt with by tbe members immediately after the Address in reply has been disposed of. Proposed Altkkation in Postal Rates. —We recently received a telegram from ] Victoria to the effect that the Hostmaster Gencral there had telegraphed requesting the Agent-General to ask Mr. Raikes to arrange that letters bearing special directions need -not be sent via Italy or France, but carried with the contract steamer direct from Great Britain. The telegram added that should the suggestion be favourably considered, Mr. Derham expected to be able to reduce the rates of ship home letters from 6d. to 4d. The Acting Premier (Hon. J. C. Bray) informs us that a similar proposal was made by our PoBtmaster-General (Mr. C. Todd) before Sir .John Downer lelt for Europe, and that it j then met with the approval of the Govern ment. Consequently, the Ministry are willing mow to co-operate with Mr. Derham in sup porting the request he has made to tbe Post master-General of England. Applications for the Police Force.—a j few days ago the Commissioner ol Police required ten men to fill vacancies in the Police Force and received 100 applications for the positions. Lecture by Bon. J. L. Parsons.—The committee of the S.A. Literary Societies Union have arranged with the Hon. J. L. Parsons to give a lecture in the Town Hall, Adelaide, on Thursday, May 19. Re takes 1 for his Bubjeot—"The Northern Territory, with a Glance at Eastern Asia." As Mr. Parsons has been Government Resident of -the northern portion of our colony {or the ,paBt three years, and has just been visiting the Eastern settlements and China, he Bbould be prepared with an exceedingly interesting and instructive lecture. His Excellency the •Governor has consented to preside. Sad Accident on a Steameb, — The Hohenzollern, German Lloyd's steamer, bad (says onr Shipping Reporter) a very sad accident on board daring her passage from Adelaide to Colombo. After passing Cape Borda the vessel encountered a very heavy -cross sea, which continued till past the longi- , tude of Cape Leu win. On Faster Sunday | morning one of the paBBengers who had joined in Melbourne, named William Dobbie, was shifting from one side of tbe hospital to the other when a heavy lurch of the vessel threw him violently againBt some of the iron work, and he was pioked up dead. Synoope, produced by the shock, was the cause assigned. From enquiries made, it appears -that he had been for some time a resident in Victoria, and was by profession a book keeper. Hie father, in Glasgow, was an optician, and one of his brothers was a profes sor at the Glasgow University. From a state ment he made to a fellow-passenger he left a wife and two children in Melbourne, and they were to follow him by the ship Carlisle Castle. On April 18 another passenger, formerly of Avoca, Melbourne, died of con gestion of the lungs; his name was Henry Rieze. esr Little Kate Kirby, by Robinson, 5s.; posted, 5s. 7d. Lady lirassey's Three Voy ages, 2s. Cd.; posted, 3b. 2d, IVeldou's Practical Needlework, 2s. 6d,; oosied, 3s.; -E. S. Wigg & Son, Raudle-strees. 139chsuv Trinity Church Sunday-school.—On Saturday afternoon Dr. Mayo laid the foun dation-stone of a new Sunday-soliool for Trinity Church. A number of the congrega tion attended despite the unfavourable weather. After performing the ceremony. Dr. Mayo, in addressing the children, referred to the great benefits of Sunday-schools, and remarked that the erection of a Sunday chool this year was most appropriate, it being the jubilee year of the Church. The Treasurer stated that the f undB in hand were sufficient to pay for the building. It might be mentioned that Dr. Mayo con tributed £500 to the erection of the school. Mr. F, Toms who bad kindly collected a large amount towards the building from friends in England, stated that Alderman Shaw hadprcsented the foundation-stone of marble. The incumbent (the Kev. Richard son Reid) has been connected with the Church and school over thirty years. The Bishop and Dean of Adelaide sent apologies for absence. The edifice is to be erected at the north-eaBt corner of the acre on which Trinity Church stands, and is intended to harmonize with the block of buildings which it is contem plated to bnild on the land. It is designed in the Gothic order of architecture, and will contain a schoolroom 67 feet long by 35 feet \ wide, 18 feet high to the eaves, and 29 feet to the collar-beam; six classrooms each side { 9 feet by 11 feet by 12 feet high; two class rosms at back 17 ft. 6 in. by 12 feet, and kitchen and passage entrance. The building will be entered by large front porch from j North-terrace, having an entrance each side, and two side entrances. The faces will be built in hammer-dreBsed freestone, the but tresses and door and window dressings, copings, strings, gablets, plinths, belfry, and other dressings being finished in cement. The roof will be a high pitch, with open moulded principals and herring-boned boarding with moulded string and lining at spiring of roof. The whole will be stained light and dark oak and varnished. The covering will be galvanized corrugated iron amply provided with ventilation. The doorways are to be furnished with folding doors constructed of framework covered with herring-boned boarding. The window open ings are to be filled with stamped plateglasB. The floors will be of wood, well ventilated below, and the walls plastered. At present the contract iB for the erection of the school room only, and is undertaken by MesBrB. Hammond & Moss, of North Adelaide, for £700. The architects are Messrs, Wright, Reed. & Beaver, of Pirie-street. The House of Peers.—Anybody who takes the trouble to turn over the pages of | the new edition of Sir Bernard Burke's " Peerage" (says the World ) may see for himself how little fitted to affect the " popular imagination" our existing aristocracy has already become. Of the whole number of 610 peers and peeresses in their own right whose names are therein enumerated no Icwer than 419 bear title8 which have been created since the accession of George III, Of these 5 dukedoms, 3 marguisates, 26 earl doms, 14 viscounties, and 118 baronies are the creations oi the Queen,while a hoBt of other peerages created by her in the half-century she has reigned have become extinct. Not to mention promotions in the peerage and peerages of the United Kingdom conferred on Scotch and Irish peers, no less than 54 commoners have been raised to the peerage at the instance of Mr. Gladstone alone, against 37 at the instance of Lord Beacons field and Lord Salisbury. Chinese in the British Navy.—Some months ago (remarks a writer in Truth) I commented on the fact that some of Her Majesty's ships on the China Station were to a large extent manned by Chinamen. In a regatta which came off at Hongkong juBt before Christmas the Victor Emmanuel entered an eight-oared galley, maimed entirely by Chinamen, who beat all the boats of the squadron in capital style over a 1-mile course. The Chinamen are said to have rowed a longer and slower stroke than any of their competitors, and their boat has never been beaten yet. There must be some good stuff in the Celestials after all. The Pentridge Baby,—Much interest has been manifested (says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph) concerning a lad of 12 years of age now confined in Pentridge for the theft of a watch, and who was spoken of as "a mere baby" by Mr. Panton, P.M., to one of our representatives. This is what Mr. Panton said:—"Out at Pentridge there is a boy—a baby I would call him—who is there for six months for stealing a watch. At present he is in the A Division undergoing separate treatment. Now, bis story—and he speaks the truth—is thisHo has no friends, and came here from Adelaide. Poor little wretch, he was kicked about from pillar to post, often hungry, and never clothed. He found himself in a country town, where the idea came across him that he would get into the Industrial Schools. To manage this he knew he must commit an offence. Straight way he went and stole a watch, for which he was immediately arrested, and the Justices sent him to Pentridge for half a year." Some days ago Colonel Barker, of the Salvation Army, visited the boy. '"If I get you awav from here, will you be a good boy after?'1 said that gentleman, " Oh, yes, sir," the boy replied, bursting into a fit of sobbing; " take me away from here, sir." Colonel Barker has already petitioned the Governor for the release of the child, and the matter has been further taken in hand by other influential gentlemen. The Acting Chief Secretary (Mr. Pearson) agrees that it is highly undesirable that a young boy should for a first offence be sent where he would be exposed to the danger of contamination by others versed in crime, and strongly favours the boarding-out system, by means of which boys are kept separate and under close per sonal supervision. He is thoroughly opposed to sending boys on training-ships, whiah seldom proves successful, the boyB rebelling agaiuBt the close incarceration and restraint on board these vessols. Volunteer Force.—At a meeting of the First Midland Company held at Auburn on May 7 the desirability of a change of uniform was discussed, which resulted in the members of the company being unanimously in favour of the same uniform as that adopted by the delegates of the city battalion. _ It was arranged that the captain should write to the other companies of the battalion on the subject, also to Major Roberts, asking him to convene a meeting of delegates. Religious Celebration of tiie Jubilee at the Port.—An adjourned meeting ot the Port Ministerial Fellowship Association was held in the Presbyterian Schoolroom on Mon day to finally settle the question of a religious celebration of the jubilee. The Rev. 8. Wellington occupied the chair. As arrange ments had been made to tako the children to the city it was decided not to hold any united religious service in Port Adelaide on jubilee day. RST The New Book of Kings, by Davidson; posted, 9d. Recollections of a Country Doctor, 2s.; poBted, 2s. 5d. Lazarus in London, by Robinson, 5s.; posted, 5s. 7d, E. S, Wigg , and Son, Rundlc- street. 130thscy The Birthday Levee .—On Tuesday, May 24, His Excellency the Governor will bold a levee at Government House at 12.45 n.m., in honour o! Her Majesty's birthday. The pre sence of gentlemen who eojoy the privilege of private entrde is desired at 12.30. All gentlemen present at the levee are requested to appear in uniform, robes, or evening cos tume. The Bibdsyilee Mail.—The Postmaster General informs us that the mail contractor between Hergott and Birdsviile reports that the mail to Birdsviile on the last journey was taken by the mailman in a boat a distance of 90 miles, against the stream and a strong wind. It may be added that the course of the river was not followed, but the boat was taken across country, thus cutting off the bends of the river> in various places. The tnaiJ. which has just been, received from Birdsviile has been carried in a similar manner. The contractor estimates the ex tent of land under water from the South Australian Border to Lake Byre to be 12,000 square miles, and thinks there must be three tuneB that quantity under water about Birds ville. Reduced Rates on Intercolonial Rail way,—The Traffic Manager (Mr. A. G. Pendleton) has not yet reoeived any reply trom the Railway Commissioners of Victoria to his proposal that passengers arriving in Adelaide by the P. & O. and Orient steamers from Eurone should, during the continuance of the Jubilee Exhibition, be allowed to travel on the intercolonial lines at reduced rateB. On May 4 we published a telegram from Victoria that it was probable as a matter of intercolonial courtesy that the Victorian authorities would concur in the proposal of our Traffic Manager. A Handbook op Canada,—We have re ceived a copy of a handbook of Canada, pre pared by Mr. George Johnson, of Ottawa, under instructions from the Hon. J. Carling, Minister of Agriculture, for the purposes of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, The volume contains 160 quarto pages, and there is published with it a well-drawn map of the world, in which the dominions of Great Britain are specially tinted, and lines are given to represent the track across the Pacific of the steamers of the proposed service between Vancouver's Island and bydney and Hongkong, The little volume is crowded with information concerning the history, _ physical features, population, climate, industries, and political and social condition of Canada. It does not profesB to bs an advertisement of the Dominion at the expense of other parts of the British Empire, but it is a valuable record of the extent, resources, and progress of Canada. There is much in the industrial and educational annals of the_Dominion that is full of interest and instruction to the colonies of Australia, and many of those who read the handbook will find the desire kindled to know more of this great and flourishing north land, which constitutes so rich an appendage of the British Empire. Address to Archbishop Cabb,—Wo have been shown an address, presented by the laity of South Australia, to Hib Grace Arch bishop Carr of Melbourne. It has been beautifully illuminated by the Dominican Sisters of North Adelaide. On the left hand corner is a faithful sketch in watercolour of St Patrick's Cathedral in Melbourne, and the style of the border illumination is that of tbe thirteenth century, and most artistically executed. The address is eDgraved on VBllum, and is hand somely bound in morocco gilt, and bears the well-known "Oead miUefailthe " To the Most Reverend Thomas Carr. D.D., Archbishop of Melbourne, Metropolitan of the Province—May it please your Grace, we the Catholic laity of the Diocese of Ade laide desire to approach your Graoe on this your first advent to the shores of Australia to offer you our tribute of welcome, respect And love. We welcome you asanotherlearned* eloquent, and distinguished son of Ireland, who for many years fiiled the office of Theological Professor and President of the Alma Mater of the Irish Church. Answering the sacred call of duty, you can come to this sunny land of ours to direct and govern the important aDd metropolitan See of Melbourne and pro mote by your learcingand piety tbeglory oionr Holy Church in Australia. We desire also to testify to your Grace our profound respect for the exalted office which it has pleased the provideuce of God to confer on you,, and we beg you to receive this address as au earnest of our attachment to the Holy See, whose chosen prelate yon are, and of oar undying lovo to our holy faith. The exten sive and important archdiocese committed to your care will tender to your Grace the deep warmth and richness ot its filial welcome, but no welcome is more heartfelt, or prayers more sincere, than those we on behalf of our fellow- Catholics of this diocese offer you and for you this day. We earnestly pray that you may be Bpared for many years, that with the bleBsing of Divine Providence you may oe enabled to devote your talentB and energy for the ad vancement and welfare of the Church, not only in your own archdiocese, but through out the province of Australia. Signed on bebalf of the Catholic Diocese of South Aus tralia." The Value of a Kiss.—The task of placing a money value on a kiss—we refer, of course, to a stolen kiss—is (says tlio JCvening {itandard)u somewhat delicate one for aMagis trate, who has to consider all attendant circumstances, whether the feelings of the person kissed without her consent were much hurt, whether her future prospects in life were injured by the act, and so forth. An American lady, of matronly age, who lately brought an action against a gentleman, of equally mature years, for kissing her against her will, contended that ber feelings were so sorely wounded that nothing less than §100 would repair the damage. The complainant described how she was sitting quietly in her parlour, suriounded by her children, when the defendant, a married .man, living in tbe eame house, suddenly entered the room, and without ado or cere mony threw his arms around her, pro testing that he loved her better than Mb life, and muBt kiss her. He suited the action to the word before the lady had time to raise an objection, and all her children being in the room her sensitive feelings were sorely hurt. The defendant denied the whole Btory, alleging that he was the victim ot a conspiracy, and he declared, on his honour as a gentleman, that the plaintiff would be the last person in the world whom he would be tempted to kiss—with or without her permission. The Magistrate, however, find ing the evidence corroborated she lady's story about the stolen kiss, fined the defendant, but he considered a hundred dollars a too heavy compensation for the damage done to the plaintiffs feelings, and she had to be con tent with half the amount Bhe claimed. The fine was still, it may be thought, heavy enough to cure the defendant ot the habit of kissing ladies without their consent. Rough on Catarrh" correots offensive odours at once. Complete cure of worst chronic cases; also unequalled as gargle for diphtheria, sore throat, foul breath. 3Q3v Death of a Miseb fhom Starvation.— The death apparently from starvation and I in squalid surroundings of an old miser who | is said to have been possessed of £10,000 j formed (eayB the Argus of Tuesday) the sub ject of a Magisterial enquiry which was com menced yesterday by Mr. J. M. Tait, J.P., at Collingwood. The deceased was Charles j Martyr McQueen, aged 66, formerly a draper and .miner, but latterly a labourer, who was found dead in his room about 6 o'clock on Sunday night. He had rented the room from Miss Jane Morton, No. 9, Gipps-street, paying 4s. a week, six weeks previously; into this room no one was admitted until McQueen became unwell a fortnight ago, when his landlady took him in some food occasionally. Daring the four | preceding weeks he had gone to work regu larly, but always secluded himself in his . room on his return. Latterly he complained of asthma, his jointB stiffened, and his legs swelled, but he would allow no medical aid to be called. Some food had been taken in to him about 1 p.m. on Sunday, but he did not take it; and at 6 p.m., when Miss Morton looked in again, she found him quite dead. The police were at once sent for, and in searching through the rags about the bed of the deceased, they found about £30 in gold and silver, with two deposit receipts for £139, and a great number of Coffee Palace, Insurance, and Building Society scrip, representing £10,000. He had been left £700 some years ago, and it is thought he is very rich, but lived in a wretched, filthy condition, never drinking, ' and eating sparingly. A new telescope, valued at £12, and a watch were also found in his room. He had a married daughter living at South Melbourne, but had not seen her for a year. The enquiry was adjourned for the purpose of allowing a post-mortem examination to be held, and will be resumed at 9 o'clock this forenoon. Classification of Prisoners.—In dealing with a criminal ease at Echuca yesterday (says the Argus of Wednesday), Mr. Justice Williams charged the Government with assisting in the " manufacture of criminals," on; the ground that they had neglected to make any arrangements for the classification of prisoners, although he had himself re peatedly made representations to them on the subject. As nothing whatever had been done in the matter he declined to take the responsibility of committing the prisoner beiore him to gaol, and released him on bail to come up for sentence when called upon. The statements made by His Honor are not entirely correct. The object of the new peni tentiary which is now being erected at Pentiidge is to provide better accommoda tion for women, and to enable them to be classified as suggested by the Chief Inspector of Penal Establishments. The present Girls' Reformatory is to be placed under the control of Mr. Brett, and to be used for the accommodation of female prisoners convicted for the first time, when they will be subject to a form of discipline and management totally different from that which they .now experience in the Melbourne Gaol. The Melbourne Gaol is to remain as it is at present for both male and female pri soners committed for trial, on remand, appeal, fines, and short sentences. It is recognised that the evils that attend the ad mixture of female prisoners are not greater than the evils that arise from the association, of young with old offenders. It is therefore intended to devote the Castlemaine Gaol exclusively to youthful offenders convicted for the first time. Tenders for the altera-1 tion of the gaol were accepted on March 28, and as soon as this work Bhall have been completed the fifty or sixty youths in the Melbourne Gaol will be re moved to this establishment, where they will be subjected to a special discipline, with a view to their reformation. The Municipal I Council of CaBtlemaine have been in the habit of employing about twenty men from the gaoL The youths will be offered this work as a reward for good behaviour, and j work will be provided for them in the gaol. Prohibiting Sweebs,—The Bill which Mr. j Clarke, Minister for Justice, ib about to introduce (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph) dealing with Bweeps and consultations will be largely compiled from the Act now in force in Victoria. Power will be given to the Government in the Bill to prohibit publica tion of sweep and consultation advertise ments in newspapers, and also allow the Post-Office authorities to open such com munications as may be suspected of being sent in furtherance of such unlawful object, New Zealand Items.—The Dunedin cor*-1 respondent to the Argus forwards the follow ing summary of New Zealand news for the week ending April 28:—The coasting steamer Waitaki, belonging to the Kamo Company, bound from Napier to Wellington, went ashore about 2 miles south-west of White llock at half-past 1 a.m. on the 24th. The heavy southerly sea running prevented com munication, but she lauded her crew, the few passengers, and the mails safely, and they camped on the shore all night. There is little hope of floating the vessel, and she has been sold to the underwriters. She was insured for £4,000 in the South British Office. The weather was very thick, and the impression on board seems to have been that they had passed Cape PslliEer. At a meeting of Dunedin citizens convened by the Mayor on April 27 it was re solved by a narrow majority to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee by the formation of a public park in part of the town belt. The other proposals were a free library and a convales cent home. There was a good deal of talk some time back about diverting the Molyneux River, turning the Shotover River into the Arrow, &c.;, in order to extract the gold sup posed to lie in the beds of these streams. A more feasible proposal is now being seriously considered, viz, the turning of a portion of the K&warn;, a river into which two of the richest gold-bearing streams in the colony empty themselves. The idea is to cut a tunnel through the mountains, com mencing at (the Kawaru, about half a mile above the V ictoria Bridge, and terminating at the same stream about half a mile above the National Bridge. The river between theBe points makes a great bend or detour, and it is asserted that by blasting a tunnel half a mile long some 4 miles of the present bed will be laid bare. The estimated cost would be about £24,000, and the proposal is to form a Joint-stock Company.j Mr. Champion, of Melbourne, is said to think highly of the scheme, and to be prepared to take a large interest in the concern. Considerable disap pointment was occasioned in Auckland by the non-arrival of the Earl of Aberdeen, who waB thought to be a passenger by the Zealandia on her last trip. The departure of the Earl and Countess from Sydney was post poned, owing it is understood to the iudis position of the latter. An address from the | Auckland Home Rulers is awaiting the Earl, and the ladies of Auckland have an inlaid table of New Zealand woods ready for pre sentation to the Countess. "Rough on Itch."—"Rough on Itch" cures skin humours, eruptions, ringworm, tetter, salt rheum, froBted feet, chilblains, itch, ivy poison, barber's itch, 3Q3r Retirement of an Old Servant.—Tub many Australians who, when visiting Lon don, have made use of the Jerusalem Sub scription, Shipping, and News Booms, will regret to learn that after the long service of upwards of fifty years in various capacities, finally as Manager, Mr, James Paddle has been compelled to relinquish h"iB position through failing health at the age of 65. As a token of respect, it is proposed to present him with a cash testimonial, and it is hoped that a liberal response will be given by the many friendB he Has made daring bis jubilee of Bervioe. Boycotting a Magistrate.—The basiness of the Richmond Court (says the Argus of Thursday) was considerably delayed yester day through the non-attendance of the Magistrates who usually sit upon the Bench on Wednesdays, with the exception of Mr. J. Griffiths. The latter gentleman recently took the chair at a meeting of ratepayers to discuss the loan question, and in doing so urged that the drinking customs of the Mayor's Room were most demoralizing, and that if the room was enlarged, as proposed in the loan schedule, it would coBt £100 instead of £200 to keep it up. TheBe remarks were taken exception to in civic circleB,and, as the Mayor's Room is also resorted to by the Justices after the adjournment of the Court, it was agreed by several of them to send their ofieudiug brother Justice "to Coven try," or, using the latter-day term, to "boy cott" him. Mr. Alley's presence on the Bench last week prevented this being carried into effect then, but yesterday Mr. Griffiths found himself the solitary occupant of the Bench. Xhepolioe oases were put back, and Mr. Griffiths transacted: such business as he could until Dr. fit. John Clarke arrived, when the requisite number of Justices being present it was possible to get through the not very important list. A Wonderful New Ship.—An American contemporary gives an account of a ship that ie to heat the record in every partioular. The Pocahontas, the first of the Arrow Steamship Company's Transatlantic Line, was designed by Mr. Robert M. Fryer, of New York, and was brought into being by American energy and capital, is wholly of American material, and put together - with American skill and by Amerioan methods. Not being (intended for a freight-carrier, she was built to carry pas sengers, mails, express matter, and treasure. She cannot be sunk or burned, and her regnlar working speed with safety will be 25 knots per hour—beyond the rivalry of any other vessel afloat. In power her engine is capable of developing more than twioe as much as any other on land or sea. All the deadweights of machinery, boilers, and coal are placed in the bottom of the vessel, and while in the most advantageous positions for access and inspection, as well as performing their several functions, also serve as ballast, which never shifts nor requires readjustment, as- is the case with water ballast. Upon her internal keel or backbone, which is constructed moBt massively, she has saddled and firmly bolted and rivetted in place sixty-eight transverse steel wallB from three-fourths of an inoh to one and a half inches thick, eaoh of the fall size and accurate shape of a cross Bectioa of the vessel at the exact point for which it (is designed. These transverse walls have openings cut through them for the saloons, passage-ways, tunnels, and other spaces that it is desirable to have extend longitudinally in the vessel. The decks are- steel plates slipped clear across the vessel between those transverse walls, and the vertical longitu dinal walls making the saloons, tnnnels, &c.;, are also steel- plates. The whole is so per fectly combined and of snoh cellular con struction as to give to its entirety the perfection of strength fin all- its- parts, and the unity of all in resistance ot any locally applied shock, or pressnre, or Btrain, it is contended that the Pocahontas, sup ported by her extreme ends over a chasm, would be stronger than any bridge of equal length in the world, and she is wholly made up of not only water-tight bnt air-tight com partments. There are 1,060- compartments, of wbioh 500 aie below the wateriine, and if water should enter through a leak it can instantly be blown and kept oat, and any or all ot these compartments can be instantly filled with water ballast or freed from it. It is said tbat if fifty of ;her ; compartments were ripped open by the dashing, upon a rock she would continue on her way on an even keel; were it possible to cut her com pletely through each severed portion would float right side up. Her engineB are 27,496 horsepower. With a length of. 540 feet over all her greatest breadth of beam is but 40 feet. From her knifeblade-like stem she slopes back 207 feet to her amidship section, aud from that section an equal dis tance aBtern. (She has twenty boilers, and her ordinary consumption of coal will not exceed 160 tons per diem. Should spon taneous combustion occur in the coal bunkers, their openings can instantly he closed and a stream of carbon dioxide gas introduced to iDBtantaneouBly extinguish tbe fire. One of the greatest and most brilliant novelties in the mechanism of the Pocahontas is. her trans verse propeller. Forty feet back of her bow, where her beam at the wateriine is only 10 feet in diameter, a circular tunnel 10 feet in diameter extends right through her below the wateriine. Ordinarily this is closed and invisible from the exterior, the opening being fitted with stopper-Dlates held m place by tremendous hydraulic pressnre. When the tunnel is opened a powerful propeller is set whirling by means of a vertioal engine above the tunnel. This appliance enables the PocahontaB to change her course bb quickly as a fish, and to turn within her own length and without headway. The grand saloon is a magnificent apartment, being 18J feet wide, 12& feet high, and 400 feet long, unbroken by mast, smoke staok, engine frame, or any other obstruction. Fresh air taken in through the bow is force! into a tank, and then circulated under pres sure to every room. The passenger may regulate its temperature to sait himself by means of a steam jacket on _the pipe, bnt he cannot stop tbe constant ingress, day and night, of the current of pnre air. The accom modation for cabin passengers iB 350, and on occasion may be made to exceed that num ber ; and for steerage passengers G03. Snrely this ship is a wonder in Bteam navigation, the certainly eclipses all that have as yet been launched. Abetval of the Sydney Laboub Dele gate.—On Monday morning Mr. J. Norton, the delegate to England from the Sydney Trades and Labour Council, returned from England by the Bteamer Neckar, He was welcomed on arrival in the city, on behalf of the local Trades and Labour Council, by the President (Mr. R. E. Rogers) and the Secre tary (Mr. W. A Robinson). Mr. Norton at first intended to stay in Adelaide for a day or two and proceed overland to Sydney. He was asked to address a public meeting on Tuesday night, bnt explained that his en gagements in New South Wales prevented him from remaining in Adelaide. "Buchu-Paiba."—Quiok, complete core, all enuoying kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases. At. chemUts and druggists, F. H, Paulding & Co., Agents, Adelaide. 303? _®"4-,Jeach^s' Association.—A special I monthly meeting of the members of I this Association was held on Satur W. morning at Groto-street Sohool. Adelaide. Mr. I, A. Piummer presided over a good attendance. Mr. Dohartv ' of Balaklava, gave a number of illustrations wM h"]?\ methods of teaching grammar which he had discovered, He exDrmsed opmion that the system generally Doretzed im? th^efat^ngi,to *e»olleM slavis&y; follow ing the textbooks. In the first lesson he ft6gaDifll:n ? P/°Per noun, and then addei 8 Jerb> bnt did not use parts of speech. lie criticised Abbot's book and toS^J6 518 own method Ied fhe children .sentences and phrases to their 'p. doing which much help was 5? bracketing the phrase nouns and ?u"e'Pertmns of sentences. At the close of DnhniSl thvi CSair?an Baid tliat Mr. £ evidently thoroughly interested t teeeMng of grammar, and as an enthusiast he was naturally successful. Still D0,J 1ee 4 ^r" Hoherty had shown eat IfProvement on the established if ,£w' j satisfied that his system. JiJSFf* w d mcrease the number ot !&£Zi% J0rms e?P'°red; He strongly con the use of Mason's book as being too difficult and involved. A hearty vote of JJankswas passed to Mr. Dohem for ffis ao f041?6* be Association appointed PdnoBfin8 -«? wait npon the Minuter of daSttonforl887?m0tial t£8peoting the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Institution* ^°Lth® committee was held at the office of the Hon. John Colton, Wav mouth-street, on Friday, May 6. Present— ^r*. James Scott (Vioe-PreBident) in the chair, Sir William Milne, the Hon^Jotoi 1 ttlton (President), Mr. G. W. Hawkes wrfr ^asirerl. Meaars. J. H. Augas! William Kay, J. Fisher, J, HodgkiBs, Alder ff?1151,£et Havid Hook, and the Secretary i (Mr E°T smith0MT£e,Mayor of Adelaide , i? a a Smith, M.P«), was unavoidably , £f«wr "£• r???rt oi. the fourteenth meeting f/ the Ladies Committee was adopted. The Mr« Tn™ was visited by Mrs. Sauerbier and wlf'f™ j ieBu oa 2^> when everything was found to be satisfactory. The Superin m ry°^ted that Miss Green (teacner of music and singing to the blind) began her remnr?™Aprl1 30. The Hon. JohnColton IfF ui- ? favourably of an iUBpection of tne establmhment, and said the inmates ex hibited siens of happiness and contentment Messrs. Gibbs, Brignt, & Co. wrote enclosing invoice for £2 6s. 4d., being cost of "Professor frnS'w8 tHbe'" which they had imported from New York to the order of the mstito requested the oommittee to accept W?.0U£4 88 8 enbscription inaid of the rnnas. it was unanimously resolved that ^,lbhB> .Br'.ght, & Co. be thanked for tbef"lhindness in importing the tube, as well J,r d0nation. The present number of inmates is forty-four, and five former inmates who are still under the care of this th?w6.^4 tje. Industrial School for i uid?", ■Messrs, James Scott and Nock spoke highly of the internal ariMgementsof the institution. TfTsuper intendent reported that he had reoeived &8^Messrs. Gibbs Bright, & Co., from sn,-jr;egi£'5snt,ai,z£ mute pupils, besides assisting him *n instructing them in articulation. Mi0* FeP°fted that since last meet A h?-4 been r®oeived as subscrip-1 donations, and £710s. on account of maintenance oi some of the inmates. Bank balance credit, £57 Os. Id.; accountapaS8ed for payment, £172 10s. 2d., to which is J included the cost of maintenance of five y0un®Rperstu?? (three males and two females), who were then in the Industrial School f°r th® Blind, North Adelaide, whore they making"02 metructedinbaakot and brush The Yantabbie Ghost Exposed.—A Oir rieton correspondent writes to the Port Augusta Despatch under date May 4 —"Last night Mounted-constable Shegog viBited the dorif n«a°U8v,B 0C01fbatK» of Mr. C. Ham dorf, near Yanyarrie. Shortly after his Mounted-constable Thomas rfrnn i«^! tet'.! Hammond, happened to tho rl^, , for the purpose oi investigating Af,ter some sensational aneo dotes abont his ghostship the light was nut out, and within a few minuteB a rapping was 8l!?e fla00ri Tbe visiKK lilfht £ y ^ Hamdorf and friends that if a I certain^itt)pU<;l?r $ey ^ent to° close to a j certain little girl the noise would cease where thifD8tabl8 Sbeg0g weat to the spot 4hJ rapp.iag was heard, stooped I £°wn, and putting his hand out felt a foot tapping on the floor. The noise im® mtuane y ceMed». and recommenced on a ♦IvifoA upon which the girl before men- ' tioned was seated. Mounted-constable o?theei!t«n w-e?.t u° tbe box and took bold of the little^ girl a handB, and the knocking stopped again, Mr. Hamdorf remarked that the spirit wanted a rest, and a light w2Z strnck. After a little conversation the room SW?tW darkened; Mounted-constable Shegog then crouched down in a dark corner of the room opposite the window, before which was a white blind, and it being a bright moonlight night, he could easily distinguish any object between him H it1 He saw a boy who lives with the nulHnp1 a °i0^e bls hands about, as if pulling a Btrmg, and, as he expected time with the motions oi the boy's hand. Mounted-constable Thomas then &Bked; some cuestions, but received no answer, though I the rapping continued steadily. Mouuted constable Shegog got up to go towards the boy, when the rapping ceased, and the boy moved nearer the chimney. The visitors then went outside, and after a short consulta tion the rapping recommenced, and Mounted constable Shegog on going inside was re 8nested not to go near the box upon which the ttle girl was sitting, as the spirit was rapping loud on the bottom of the box and be might disturb it; but he crept quietly np, and put bis hand between the box and the girl's heel, the result being several kickB on the hand ; the knocking then commenced on the top of the box, and on putting his hand where the sound was he received three raps from the girl's knuckles. The knocking then ceased, and did not commence again until Mounted - constable Shegog was heard to speak in the middle of the room. Mr. Ham dorf asked if the epirit was getting tired, and was answered in the affirmative by three faint knocks. The visitors then left, pre tending to think it was a great mystery, but satisfied that it was a great fraud." "The Escaped Nujt." — Miss Edith O'Gorman, or *' the Escaped Nun," gave the last of her convent leotures in the Adelaide Town Hall on Saturday evening, May 7, before a large audience. Her discourse was received with frequent outbursts of appl&use.; " Rough on Rais."—Clears out rata, mice, roaches, flies, ante, bed-bngs, beetles, insects, skunks, jack-rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists. 303v Rifle Volunteer Force.—A meeting of delegates from the various City and Subur ban Companies of the Volunteer Force was held on Thursday, May 6, at the office of lieutenant-Colonel Lovely, to consider the proposed change of uniform. There were present—lieutenant-Colonel Lovely (in the chair). Major Chennell, Sergeant-Major Tolley, Lieutenant Hawke, and the follow ing delegates:—City and Woodville Com pany, Captain Blair, Sergeant Stapleton, and Private Killicoat; Eastern Suburban Com pany-Sergeant Vaughan and Private Frank lin ; unley and Goodwood Company, lieu tenant Scott, Colour-Sergeant Cioudesdaie and Private Potter; Glen Osmond Company, Captain Hampson and Sergeant Wiles. Captain Noy<5, of the Willunga Company, wrote that his company had held a meeting, when it was decided that a change of uniform was unnecessary on account of their having recently obtained new ones. After the delegates had submitted the resolutions of their meetings, it was unanimously carried that a bine uniform with scarlet facings be adopted. It was stated that the present grey uniforms could be dyed and trimmed for 12s. 6d., and a epeoimen tunic and trousers were shown, which gave great satisfaction. It was also resolved that blue glengarries with a silver bugle on a scarlet baokground be worn. A cheap badge for the helmet was left for Lieutenant- Colonel Lovely to decide upon, Subject to the approval of the Brigadier- General, it was derided to have the figure 1 over V.F, on the shoulder-strap for the City Battalion. It was fonnd to be im practicable to adopt the change of uniform for May 24, but there was nothing to prevent their all being ready for June 20. The Chinese Commissioners.—The fol lowing information about the distinguished visitors from China is from the Penang Gazette -.—"The two Chinese Commissioners of His Majesty the Emperor of China General Wong Yung Ho and Consul-General W. Taing—who arrived here a week ago by the colonial steamer Sea Belle, which was placed at their disposal by His Excellency the Governor, called at the Native StateB, en route to Penang, accompanied by Mr, Picketing, Chinese Protectorate. While bothatLarutandPerak the Commissioners were entertained by Sir Hugh Low and the ABeistant-Resident respectively. The day after their arrival here the Commissioners paid an official visit to the Hon. the Resident Councillor, and on Wednesday last week Mr. Irving entertained the Commissioners to dinner at his residence. There were | present — The Hon. the Resident Coun cillor, Mr. Pickering, Dr. Hampshire, Mr. Powell, Mr. Caper, and Mr. Koh Seang Tat. On the following day the Commis sioners, in company with Mr. Pickering and others, visited the Pulo Jerojah and Butter worth Hospitals, and on Friday they visited the gaol and pauper hospital, where they were received by a few of the visiting Jus tices and the gaol officials. They made a minute inspection of the whole establish ment, and afterwards expressed themselves perfeotly satisfied with the general treatment oi the Chinese prisoners and their diet. In the evening the Commissioners paid a visit to Edinburgh House, the well-known residence of onr popular citizen, Mr. Eoh Seang Tat, where they were moBt hospitably received. It may not be generally known that General Wong Yung Ho is a British-born subject, and was educated in the Penang Free School, so that the General and Mr. Koh Seang Tat were echoolmates together, and are conse quently old friends. The school authori ties should be proud of having turned out so distinguished a person as the gallant visitor now in onr midst. On Monday last the Commissioners visited the Free School, where they were received by the committee and educational etaff. Ex pressionB of eatisfaction were given as to the system observed and the progreBB oi educa tion. The boys received the Commissioners with tbree hearty cheers, and were after wards granted a holiday. The keen interest taken by Mr. Koh Seang Tat in matters educational is sufficiently evinced by the fact that scholarships have only recently been founded by him. The Commissioners were pnblicly entertained at dinner by the elders of the Quang Tong and Hok-Kien Chinese community in the Town Hall on Monday evening, when upwards of forty members were present. On the following day the Commissioners witnessed the parade of the 'Buffs,' upon the occasion of H.R.EL the Prince of WaleB's Birthday. We are informed that the Commissioners intend leaving for Rangoon in one week hence. On the return of the Commissioners to Penang they intend visiting Deli and Netherlands India, con tinuing their journev as far as Australia, when their present defined programme will The Zoological Gardens.—Some of the | wild animals at the Zoo seem to breed well in captivity. The last additions are three fine cubs born of the second of the Indian leopardB, whose female companion Bet the example a few months ago by producing a couple of yonng ones, which are now nearly as large as a retriever dog. There are now twelve leopards in the Zoo, and if the supply goes on increasing at tbiB rate Bome ex changes will have to be made. There are | four tigers in the carnivore house, and when | the lions come that department will be well stocked, The young hyenas are now growing rapidly. Archbishop Carr.—The mail per Lusi tania (says the Argus of Saturday last), which was delivered on Thureday evening, brought letters from the Right Rev. Dr. Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne, dated from , the Irish College, Bome, on Maroh 24, He informs the Administrator that he is detained awaiting the approbation of the Holy See to the decrees of the Plenary Council held in Sydney in 1885. In oonsequenoe of the un certainty aa to the precise time when these decretals will be approved, he was unable to state the time of his departure. He had no intention of returning to Ireland, but , would come direct from Naples, and send a cable message prior to bis departure. In the oourse of a long and interesting account of the ceremonies on St. Patrick's Day, March 17, he states that a large number oi other Archbishops were invested with the pallium on that occasion by His Holiness the PopB, who also conferred the red hat upon several cardinals on the same day. In conneotion with this, a cable message has been reoeived by Cardinal Moren notifying that all the de crees of the Plenary Council of Sydney, 1885, have been approved by the Holy See, and that the Archbishop of Melbourne has been en trusted with the decretals, with which he is to leave Naples on May 7 by the B.M.S. Iberia. An Adelaide Student at Edinburgh,— By the mail news haB been reoeived of the Bnccess attained by Mr. W. A, E, Tucker at Edinburgh University. In both the Chemistry and Anatomy classes he obtained medals, in the Anatomy topping the list. He was also marked proximo accessit for the John Aitken Carlyle Bursary. "Rough on Corns."—Ask for Wells' ' Rough on Corns." Quick relief, complete, permanent cure, Coras, warts, bunions, At chemists and druggists. 303v The Celebration of the Queen s Jubilee I —We are informed that the members of the German Club intend to oelebrate the Qaeen'e | Jubilee on May 24. They will hold a grand concert, a suitable tableau vivant, followed by an address in hononr of the day, and a ball will conclude the entertainment. A meeting of Jewish colonists was held in the Synagogue Chambers on Sunday, May 8, for the purpose of considering the best means to he adopted in order to mark their loyalty, and to congratulate Her Majesty the Queen on the attainment of the fiftieth year of her reign. It was unanimously decided to j present a handsome and appropriate address 1 to Her Majesty, to be forwarded through His Excellency the Governor, for which I sufficient funds were immediately subscribed in the room. A committee was appointed to carry oat the above arrangements. Onr Strathalbyn correspondent wires that a public meeting was held in the Institute Hall on Saturday night, the Mayor (Mr. R. Carruthers) presiding, to consider what steps should be taken to commemorate the Qneen's Jubilee. There was only a moderate atten dance, and after discussion the meeting was adjourned till Friday next. It is proposed to have a children's demonstration doling the jubilee week, all children in the district to be invited to take part in it. It is also proposed to erect a footbridge over tbe river near the school, to be called tbe Jubilee Bridge. The Japanese Corvette Ryujo.—Special j interest was shown on Saturday when Cape j Borda reported the arrival of a Japanese man-of-war. She arrived on Sunday, and | was moored close to the ocean steamers moor- { ing bnoy at Largs Bay. The Savings Bank.—The monthly report for April givea.the following results:—Num ber of new depositors at Adelaide 314, and 21 accounts reopened=335; new depositors at 107 agencies 235, and 14 accounts reopened= 249; making a total of 584. Number of accounts closed at Adelaide 224, and at 107 agencies 102, making a total of 326. This leaves a net increase of depositors of 258, The total number of depositors is 56,575, The receipts from depositors at Adelaide were £46,543 14s. 5d., and at 107 agencies £17,288 lis. 9d., making a total of reoeipts of £63,832 6s. 2d. The repayments to depositors at Adelaide were £52,689 2s. 7d., and at 107 agencieB £17,373 0s. 6d., the total being £70,062 3s. la. The net decrease of deposits iB therefore £6,229 16s. lid. Wreck Return.—The Marine Board have jnst issued their return of all wrecks and other shipping casualties which resulted in loss of life or property during the quarter ended March 31 laBt. On February 14 the four-masted barque Euphrates, 1,642 tons, owned by K. Hill, curd having a crew of thirty men, stranded on Charlotte Point, north coast South Australia, but was afterwards floated and proceeded to Calcutta, Nothing is known as to the insurance or damage to the vessel, and the matter was referred by the Marine Board to the Board of Trade. On February 15 the barque Kebroyd, 363 tone, owned by Messrs. Heslop, Neale, & Gibbon, sprang a leak, and was beaohed in Anxious Bay, south- west coast South Australia. The value of property lost or damaged was set down at £1,000 for the vessel and £500 for cargo, the insurance being £1,100 for the former and £5,000 for the latter. The ship was afterwards floated, and the Board, at their usnal enquiry, deoided that no blame was attributable to the master. On February 19 the steamer Palmerston, 274 tons, owned by Mr. J. Darling, jun., stranded on Secret Rock, Spencer's Gulf, but was afterwards floated and repaired. The damage to the vessel was estimated at £3,000, and the loss of cargo £1,200. The vessel was insured for £5,000, but the cargo was uninsured. The matter was referred by the Board to a Court of Marine Enquiry, who suspended the captain's certificate tor three months, Whinham College Old Scholars' Asso ciation.—There was a fur attendance of old scholars of Whinham College in the College Lecture Ball on Friday evening to consider the advisability of forming an Asso ciation. Mr. C. J. Sanders presided. Mr, J. H. Lyons moved a resolution favouring the reorganization of the Association to promote the welfare of the old school, to provide a scholarship of 10 gnineas, and to create a kindly feeling among old scholars. He considered that tne Sooiety should be reorganized, especially when they saw the snccesB that attended the St. Peter's and Prince Alfred Old Scholars' Associations. It was a pity that the Association whioh for merly existed had been allowed to die out. Mr. J. Renner seconded. It was decided that the Association should consist of old scholars and past and present masters. The annual sub scription was fixed at 5s., which will entitle members to rank as subscribers to the school paper—the Whinhamiat, Tbe opinion was expressed that the old scholars should accord more eupport to the paper. The following officers were elected:—President—Mr. W. Reynell; Vice-Presidents — Messrs. C. J. Sanders and E. M. Ashwin; Secretary and Treasurer—Mr. L. Andrews; Committee, with power to add to their number—Messrs. J. R. Wigg, E. G. Phillips, J. Jlowns, C. r, and J. 1~ ™ Barry, and J. H. Lyons. The officers were delegated to draw up rules to be submitted to a future general meeting. Jubilee New Testaments.—The Mel bourne Daily Telegraph states that the Queen immediately ou learning that Bible reading was not permitted in State schools in Victoria waived all objections, and chose and wrote with her own hand a verse of Scripture a fac-simile of which, with the Royal signature, will be inscribed on the New Testament it is proposed to distribute amongst the obildren of the colony as a jubilee memorial. " Peace on earth, goodwill toward men," is the Queen's text. It is in structive to contrast the spirit shown in this matter by tne Queen with that shown by all the small official fry near at hand. When the Secretary of the committee modestly applied to the department for a copy of the Education Report for the year, it was sternly refused. Tbe committee have wisely resolved to dis tribute the Jnbilee New Testaments apart from the State schools. Bat in oatlying dis tricts it may be convenient to have the nse of the local State school and the help of the State-school teacher; and the oonsent of the department was asked to thiB help being given in the rare cases in which it might be desired. The department consented, bnt the teacher must signify in writing his consent to render the help asked, and each child most produce from its parent a written consent to the child receiving a New Testament with the Queen's name on it. The Executive Committee of the Teachers' Union passed a resolntion explaining that it "does not offer any opposition to the scheme for dis tributing Jnbilee Testaments," bnt it objects to State-school teachers having to distribute I them ! There were nine gentlemen and a lady present at this meeting, and they under took to speak for the whole 5,800 State-school teachers of Victoria! Skinny Men.—"Wells* Health Renewer" restores health and vigour, cures Dyspepsia , Impotence, &c.; At chemists and druggists. F. H. Faulding & Co,, Agents, Adelaide. 3Q3v ] 