TURF GOSSIP. Bx Adoub. There were anxious inquiries on Monday for the handicaps to be decided at the Vic toria Amatenr Turf Clnb on Saturday next It was thought arrangements had been made to poetthematnopn, hot as no time was specified, Mr. Barnazddid not hand them in until S o'clock. As aanal, there was a diver sity oi opinion respecting the merit of the handicapper's production, bat if there were not there would be little or no racing. Blue Mountain was well entitled to the weight he has been awarded, but as the disposition seems to be to backhim for the Steeplechase, perhaps the-fjallarat division will depend upon Sir LauneefOt Once shore. The latter received a nasty fall-Tn the V.R.C. Grand National HuWUeHace, and remained eo long on the ground .that it was thought he was serlohsly injured ; bat it wonld appear that be only had' the wind knocked out of bim, and quickly reootered. He has been raised 91b., an addition which ehoatd not affect him greatly, inasmuch as tin distance 1b a mile shorter than the V.S.C, Grand National Hurdle Raoe, and therefore much more to hie liking, Aristides, Who looked overdone when he last figured wt' Flemlngton, has 41b. more, and be, too.ls better at home perhaps over two than three miles. I don t think Bepose should have had art ounce more than Goodwood, whoeeetns to me to be exceed ingly well treated. 1 Friction has been raised 15tb, so that Sir Launeelot has 61b. the beet of him, but -1 doubt if this advantage will enshlethe Baltatat hofcse to overthrow the Qneenslandtfr, who*is a teal -good animal, and being* spsceptibleof improvement, he Bhould strip a better horse on the BOth than we have -yet aeen blm in Victoria. The Yeomsri'l9M>19lWttforfr'tiian .he carried to victory in theV.R.O.^Grtmd National, In which he gave Flriotiop Something above a1 31b. gating, this bdnjrthe difference between ] tbemnow. abd Ihr.- Cook's four year old is1 eo clever a jontper-and ao brilliant on the flat1 that I folly expect to see him pises another Srixe to the credit of his owner. Whalebone as bat a pound marethan he carried in the V.R.C. Grand Natibhal Hurdle Raoe, so he metis the drat «ttd> second on much better terms. Darkness, mho vas a shocking bad third, has been raised 81b., whiohehould be sufficient, to steady, him, and Revenge. who-baslOst, 81b.would he better suited ovcra shprter 1opara«.1iEller8lie, Moolgarj and VanderbUt arej "" " ' *' and the improvingCohnge iin well enough in at lOet 41b, for Eemeeta Yarraman at an advantage of 81b bn totir Oeelong handicap. L&ndieer; is a nsuslf Boris, and so Is Glenduart,. who has sot yet borne but the reputationi he > brought with him from tiwhjfcy, Marronfh a very faet mare, andtim ibd Mafl bf ' Sent both aire iriy we!H$£!®f the llghtwjflghta Aristocrat id JackJftow m<wl|bettolwvethewdnner ill oomehwTNbac^aaaMU, Friction, iSir .I^nneelot.fMOourage, sand-l^Uke them in the order tuunsB - adV'saSSi s wrack Mei®e?bofc <)t the^Bfond Katipti Steeplechase, Being four milea. the his son of King Tom was not entitled to mom than. 12st I shouldfancy BlneMbuntain very much if it were certain that Be would get j round. A member of the ring who generally j knows all about the Boltarat horses accepted' all the double money to be had about Sir Launcelot and BiutS Mountain, from which it is to be inferred that the latter will be a starter for the rice over the big timber. The denizens of Dowling Forest have been quite out of luck lately, And as Blue Mountain has never yet negotiated a Bteeplechase in public, it is doubtful if be will change the tide, especially as he has to get over four miles or very heavy country. Studley at list 91b. don't read badly ; be is partial to the Caul field course, and so is The Irishman. With two such strings to his bow Mr. Miller ought to be very dangerous. Marmion is not favoured at list 71b. Ruby has a pound more than Bbe carried at Flemington, and given a stand up, she ought to make things very merry at the finish, for she is a thoroughbred, and can stay every inch of the distance. Kangaroo, who also fell in the V.R.C. event, has been raised lOlh, his victory at Williamstown no doubt having had some influence upon the handicapper. The Tasmanian is also a pure bred one. and should get to the end of the journey. Sir Ewan will find the company a little too select,, though he is a good old plodder, and should half the field come to grief he may obtain a situation. After Flash light's extraordinary exhibition at Wyndham one would not be justified in fancying him, were it not certain that the performance on Werribee Plains was altogether too bad to be true. He ran like a fair horae in the V.R.C. Grand National, and so much like a stayer that he may get to the end of four miles. Spangle has the same weight that she won at Wyndham with, and ought to be dangerous. Kildare, the "dead bird" that was to be at Flemington, is raised 61b., but he is not likely to be regarded a certainty again. Sweetmeat and Moonlight are not unfavourably treated, and Ihear.very glowing accounts of Maude. With a stand-up I should prefer Blue Mountain and Ruby to anything else, bnt with a doubt in my mind, I Bhall look to Kangaroo or Studley to win this big event of the V.A.T.C. In the Balaclava Stakes there are many with an excellent chance of winning, but with much richer Drizes before them, how many will be on the journey next Saturday? That extraordinary little horse Ringmaster has been awarded top weight, 9at. 61b., which is a trifle too much for him. Of the horses down to 8at I fancy Hogmanay, Gardenia, and LO.U. most Marque won so much like a flyer at Geelong that Mr. Barnard could not give him less than 7ah 131b., not a heavy impost by any means. I think Straight Shot, Dnfferin, King of the West, Don Giovan, Dividend, ■ Harvester, Sirocco, Chuckster, Highland Chief, New Fashion, and Stafford are all pretty well in, and Bonnie Doou is not harshly used at 7st Then, further down, Crown Brand, Romanoff, Fair Saxon, Master John, Maroney, Gadfly, Hopeful, Uncaa, Oakleigh, The Tinman, Lady Lovel, Sunshade, The I Forsaken, Violet, St Leonards, All Black, j Sydney, Danseose, and Ragman are all well put together. The best of Morrison's lot, Stafford, and Master John may provide the winner; Whatever cloud o'ershadowed Niagara a abort time ago the colt is now doing as well j as his heat friends could desire. Abercorn's ailment seems to be soreness only, and he does his work on the tan. Nordenfeldt's brother Enfilade has created a favourable im pression at Randwick, and as Crsnbrook and Matador ate both going on well, there is every chance of the A. J.C. Derby being the most interesting we have seen for years. If I were to select a couple on breeding grounds I should without the slightest hesitation choose Cranbrook and Enfilade, hut another fortnight's work will give one a better idea of their capabilities. Moorhouse, too, is worthy of great respect Mr. T. Rennison has named his colt by King of the Anglers from Zigzag " Knight of the Garter." The Pleasant Creek annual meeting has been fixed for the 26th December; Silvetmine remains in FoulshAtn's stable, and as the son of Napoleon is in great form I just now he may improve upon the positions he held in the Caulneld and Melbourne Cups ] last yeas. Elstemwick-psrk entries are again most satisfactory. For the -Hnrdle Race there are no less than 36 nominated, while there are 41 in the August Handicap, the latter number including some of the smartest handicap horses in the colony. In the Trot there are 43, Sapling Stakes 21, Steeplechase 13. Selling Race 24 and Elsternwjck-park Handicap 86. The Hon. James White has written me I respecting the balance-sheet of the Leng fund | published in these columns a fortnight ago. He says" My attention has been directed to a paragraph in.'Turf Gossip' re the filly Alexandra, raffled' for■ the benefit of the widow of the late F. long, in which among other payments charged against the amount realised is one of £10, acceptance lor Alex andra at Geelong,. paid by Mt T. Jones. This most be an error, as the Produce Stakes was won by me, audi waived my claim to the amount named, as will be.seen from the following extract from a letter from the sec retary of the G. R.CL' I have advised the treasurer of the fund; for the widow, of the late F. Leng that, yon have conceded the indebtedness on account of.the BiUUla filly.' It would appear therefore that the money was never paid. Yours faithfully,—J axes Whits." The explanation of this is that Mr. T. . Jones did pay the money to the Geelong Racing Club, and the secretary, lib doubt, has handed it to Mrs. Leng. Badly, indeed, would the Geelong Racing Clnb fare if it had to depend solely upon the patronage of the residents of the Pivot. As usual, Melbourne men were most con spicuous by their , presence in the enclosure on Saturday., and with a sprinkling ot the Bailarat division, they made up mneteen twentiethsof the patrons of theclub. His Excellency the Governor, who is ever ready to patronise a bit of sport of the legitimate kind, was there with a nobleman or two just fresh from the old country, and for tnnately there was some very interesting racing lot them to see The late rains had prepared the visitors for a sloppy saddling- j paddocfc and track, but to their astonishment Both wort In very fair order. Here and there in the former there were spots of .rotten ground into which aomp of the found homes, prancing about, went Quite a foot deep, but Beyond those dangerous traps thow -was nothing to find tault with,' U Qexcspt the time token by fflespecW- torajwro totown, £ucb a trip should be ao^p^hsd In a» bonr(end al * " ' ' Cawker was in high glee at his victory, but there can be no donbt that with an artist upon his back Courage would have won cleverly enough. The lad who rode him ioat his whip, and with it his senses, for after the pair landed over the last bnrdte it looked 100 to 1 on Courage, yet he didn't win. There was some talk of having the jockey before the stewards, bnt it went no farther, as it was considered merely an error of judgment - The race which had most charms for ma waa the Two-year-old Stakes, which brought a very respectable field together. 1 don't know that I have ever seen a better come forth tor the first race of the season. 1 spent a good deal of time amongst them, the first that I came across being a rough, shaggy gelding named Merle, not half a baa one to look at, but not forward enough for such a contest Then a Shetland-like filly named Gladness. Fresh as the proverbial paint was the Ballarat representative Quadrant, who quickly made a ring for him self, and kept the crowd that surrounded! him at a respectful distance. There is no more perfect specimen of the tborough bred two year old than this. He is jest big enongh for anything, shows plenty of quality, lias good shoulders, swells out nicely behind the saddle, has great power over the back and on the top of his Quarters, which ate let down like a greyhoundVtffMI withal he possesses the best of legs and ffeie& 'Although Scobie had not driven him along too much, he was in very fair form, and his party seemed to fancy hie chance, but the favourite was Skiff, a smart-looking little filly by Bosworth from The Roe, who had most satisfactorily answered a question put to her by her owner. Guildford, full brother to Newatead, was also much fancied by (lis immediate friends. This colt has great galloping power, and, like his celebrated brother, possesses the gift of going in a remarkable degree. Yan Yean, with a lot of Qnambone'a character about him, is not so peevish in temper, and shows more substance. He was sold as a yearling for £10, and Mr. WhiUingham and Mr. Crooke, fancying him, gave the purchaser £6 on his bargain. He ran respectably enongh to satisfy bis owner that he is worth keeping in training. Among the fillies 1 liked nothing better than Fromege, a symmetrical daughter of Neckerogat ana Grnrere. Quite as promising is Umilta, by Newminster from Ooida; and Witch of Endor, though on the small side, iB as cleverly a shaped youngster as one need wish to see. Natalie and Misty Maid, too, would pass raoBter in any crowd of juveniles, Whatever chance the favourite, Skiff, may have had she disposed of by turning round just as the flag-was dropped, whereby Bbe lost so much ground that pursuit waa hopeless. Up to well within the distance it was a great race between Guildford, Quadrant, Witch of Endor, and Yan Yean. Then the first-named pair drew slightly away, and Newstead's brother just won. though had not Quadrant lost some ground by making a wide detour at the turn the verdict might have been the other way. The first two-year-old race of the season thus fell to a South Aus tralian youngster, Guildford having been bred by Sir Thomas Elder at Mor phetville. At the annnal sale of yearlings the colt was purchased by T. Coffey for one of his patrons for 180 guineas, a price that would nave been more than doubled had not one of his pasterns been cut so severely that many believed there would be some difficulty in training him. £ wasn't at all surprised at Lesbia winning the Winter Handi cap. She was very leniently treated by the handicapper, well trained by Chifuey, and judiciously ridden by J. Kedfeam, and won with ridiculous ease, for she had everything beaten at the turn, and though Ringmaster made one of his gallant rashes, and The. Yeoman struggled oil neither had the ghost. of a chance with the daughter of Tim Whiffles and Peerless. Kangaroo might have won the Steeplechase had not Keating allowed Argue Girl to steal so far away, but it must not be forgotten that the winner in no dunce. I remember seeing her win a Steeple chase very cleverly at Elatemwick-p&rk;, and she can get along at a rare pace.. Carey rode her with excellent judgment, stealing away when he gof a chance, but never hustling his mare or allowing his, opponents to get too near tohim. The Selling Kaa .is a dose fit between. The Chanter: next i: - r-u)s and Ambassadress on the oppo site ( !• of the coarse, but Cappr^g's Rnmfcjr was .„''.stcd as second, an error wiiku was subs* yearly rectified. If mi AmbrsiodreBe kept her line I think she would h-"«e won. I scare; '■> thought that Marque c-juid carry a penal-y m:.I win the Railway Handicap, bat he dL and, moreover, lie won like a race horse. >ch lie ought to be, ioosmacli he is by M uquis Irota jiir.nah, by Ang.c? from 1 . ><.-: and us Lesbia i3 a grand-, daughl .? Tae Marqais, the English St. Lcger i . r ay. pretty well represented at the me !ng. Marque is the property o! Mr. W. J. .usui;, who used the horse for a season at the stud. That grand old war.:.: Leithai. had not much difficulty vo winning be Trot, 1 should Mb1 !,o matches agniaet Huron or some of th im ported American trotters over a distauee. Leithamotuod'e owner is quite prepared to trot anything five miles with this, colonial-bred gelding. Here is a chance' for Dr. Slade, or -some other enter Erising sportsman from ..the Pacific Slope, a the absence of Mr. George Watson, bis son Thomas performed the duties of starter, and was successful in every, instance but one ingetting his fields off on good terms. The exception waa the Two-year-old Stakes, in which Skiff was. left at the, boat, hat it was no fault of |he starter's. Captain Haimes , was absent, and Mr. Sydney Austin acted as judge, but hisdecjaions were not given with that quickness which the public like to see^ it is not conducive to good judging to have , four or five people in the judge's box, and this Bhould not be toletated by the club. Mr. Robinson and Mr. Sparrow worked with their customary energy, and they were suc cessful in keeping pretty good rime, and allowing most cf the visitors to catch the first train. The friends of the late W. M'Leod, who was killed through injuries .received in a steeplechase, might lend a helping hand to Mr. William Glasscock, who ls raising a sub scription for his widow. He has collected nearly £80, and contributions will be thank fully received by him at Kirk's Bazaar. Mb CL JNichblls writes me that it wai not JHckSwiyeller who died, but a very pro mising colt by Swiveller from Fair Nell, who «u the same age. The owners, Messrs. Hus band end Nichqiis, were offered a good price forhim but refused, and afew weeks after wardsjhe wasseyerely staked, and died from encloses some correspondence which has taken place between him and the Victoria Racing Club. It was forwarded to the V.R.C. before the annual meeting, and for the edification of my readers I append it " The Chairman and Committee Victoria 1 lacing Club, Melbourne.—Gentlemen,—1 respectfully crave permission to address j your committee upon a matter of considerable importance to the racing clubs of the colony of Victoria., I allude to the iutroduction and legalisation of the total Lsator at no distant day. I will ask your attention to pages 143,144, 339, and 340 of the last Turf Register published. You will observe that at the Winchelsea and Col&c; summer race meetings the machine was used. I undertook the superintendence of the totaiisator at both places, resulting with financial gain to the raciug clubs uamed. Since March, 1886, I have been the recipient j •f a large nmount of correspondence from { ibe chief country racing clubs in Victoria, seeking information regarding its working and offering every assistance towards urging the Legislature to grant _ the totaiisator a trial in this colony; of its benefits in the country districts (if sanctioned by law) 1 need not speak. Presuming that on Monday next the committee ot the premier racing club of Australasia would be engaged in considering many matters in connection with the advancement of the turf prompted me in asking the co-operation of the committee of I the Victoria Racing Club in the first instance, as without the support of the leading metro politan clubs the united eff orts of the country J racing institutions must prove futile. Should j the committee of the Victoria Racing Club ] decline to take the initiative in tbis matter, I respectfully ask that it may be recorded, that no objection be offered hereafter to the Beveral country racingclubspetitioning Parlia ment through their representatives for the j earlyintroductionof ameasure, say, somewhat j Similar in its provisions to that now proposed in South Australia and published in The Australasian of this day. Trusting favourable consideration to the foregoing,—I have, &c.;, | Victor Elkington, hon. sec. Winchelsea Racing Club. Wincheleea, July 30, 1887." I The following answer has been received by j Mr. El king ton :—"Victoria Racing Club,-! Melbourne, August 3. Re Totaiisator,—Dear Sir,—W ith regard to your letter of the 30th' alt, I am instructed to inform you that my committee will take no exception to any action taken by country clubs with regard to petitioning.—Yours, &c.;, H. Btron Moore." The V.R.C. committee will "take no excep tion," but will the members thereof assist the country clubs in tneir endeavours to introduce the totaiisator ? That is the question. The annual meeting of the members of the ! Tasmanian Turf Club took place on Saturday last In presenting the report the committee expressed pleasure at the satis factory state of the club's affairs, although the spring meeting resulted in a lose of £93 17s. 6d. The summer meeting, however, was a very successful affair. From the totaiisator the' club obtained a net profit of £25810». Thanks were tendered to Mr. P. G. Mourc:. tor his handicapping, his efforts having in a great measure assisted the club to bring the meeting to so satisfactory a conclusion. Mr. C. Parker (the judge), Mr. Hardtnan (the starter), and, Messrs. Sparrow, Littler, and Hud son were also thanked for the assistance they had rendered the club. The balance sheet showed that there was a balance of £337 13s. to the credit of the dub, and this would be increased by a further sum of £66, which would -make the total over £400. 1 hope the committee will not fail to increase some of -their stakes at die next Summer Meeting. The club can now afford to do so. Mr. J. - D. Robinson, the secretary of the Geelong Radng Club, writes to complain of the Victoria Amatenr Tuff Club holding a race meetingon the 26th January. He con siders it very anjust to the Gee long Racing Ciub, whose annual race meeting has always been held on the last Thursday and Saturday, or Friday and Saturday, of January, "and," he continues, " for the V. AT.C. to adopt onr date, or to be even so close to ub, is, I think, very unsportsmanlike and ungenerous It is • club that does not require financially to seize every available holiday for its profit, and' we being entitled fairly to the day, which may be a public holiday, 1 submit we should not be interfered with by the V.A.T.C. at' any rate." Me. Robinson will, I daresay, recognise the force of the ancient law that "circumstances alter cases." Last year the G.R.C. altered their days from Thursday and Saturday to Friday and Saturday, and the V.A.T.C. had this in view when fixing the 26th ot Jannaty for a meeting. 'The worthy secretary of the G.R.C. evidently forgets that the ot January is to be the great national holiday of Australia, and Aus tfalians resident in Melbourne look to either the V.R.C. or the V.A.T.C. to hold on that day a race meeting which shall be worthy of the occasion. By holding their meetingon the 27 th and 28th the Geelongese are likely' to be benefited by the close proximity of the V.A.T.C. meeting, for the horses do not Joorney to Geelong until the morning of the races ; and it the G.R.C. provides an attrac tive programme, Mr. Robinson need not have any fear respecting the success of bismeet from Sydney I learn that the A. J.C. has determined to have the- Randwick course re-surveyed with the object of laying out a course of a mile and three furlongs or a mile and a half. This can be done without much difficulty. Let the course be extended to the southern side of the tan gallop, and a capital mile and a half conrse can be obtained.' Thg training tracks conld then be all laid inside' the course proper.' The present baqk stretch conld be utilised for a portion of the trainibg; track, and Randwick, instead df being one.ot the most dangerous courses In Australia, would then be one of the safest St,' Clibbora <»xpectB to get a six-furlong course, boomerang stiape, by cutting into the hill near the 'tab gallon, but it would simplify', matters if he yrere to extend the entire cparse in the direction 1 have mentioned. Tot many years Mr. J. A. Scarr baa per-, formed the. duties of- bandicapper- to the A.J.C. without 'receiving payment. Having recited froth tlie public service, the A. J.C. basAjPpoiotedhim a salaried bandicapper, and ifever a man deserved liberal treatment from a'racing ctnb lt is Mr. Scarr. He .devoted bis' sp&re; time to the business of handicapping purely .Horn a love of sport.; During the yiars he has held the position he has hot ^jsed ou a bed of roses. .Next to that -A , sporting writer, perhaps the most ithankf&i; -pqrition a mah can hold in turf it . ie that ot handb bW^Wkporttng writer, if be be itliH _ .SEX ^-^ttbfces tread —~ trainers, and others who are interested in turf matters. Let the turf writer conscientiously point out any shortcomings, and they bellow like bulla The handicapper has only owners and trainers to deal with, but Mr. Scarr, has I daresay, found them quite sufficient; he takes their growlings philosophically, and lly comes out right in the end. Long generally D may he continue to adjust the weights for | our friends across the border. Sydney Tattersali's has a most enterprising committee, which never hesitates to put forth a liberal bill of fare, no matter what tims of I the year it may be run througln It will open the season on Saturday, the 27th inst, and it may be as well to remind owners of horses that entries close on Monday next, August 15. There are live events, the first I being a Hurdle Race of 150 so vs., which is followed by the Tramway Handicap of 200 sovs., Selling Race of 150 sovs., Tattersali's Two-year-old Stakes of 200 sovs., aud the Spring Handicap of 250 sovs. Some of our I Victorian racing men should have a cut in at [ so inviting a bill, and for their convenience entries will be received at the Y.R.C. office, Melbourne, while the Sydney entries will close with Mr. James Perry, at Tattersali's. | Hawkesbury events will also have to be at-1 tended to next week, for on Tuesday next, August 1G, the general entries close at the I H.R.C. office, Richmond ; A.J.C. office, Syd ney ; and V.R.C. office, Melbourne. The races which are yet open are the Hurdle Race | of 150 sovs.. Public Auction Stakes of 100 sovs., September Handicap of 150 sovs., Members' Handicap of 100 sova, Two-year old Stakes of 150 sova, Disposal Stakes of 100 sova, and Ladies' Bracelet; Oil Friday next, Messrs. IV. C. Yuille and Co. will dispose of, at the bazaar, Newmarket, the two year olds in training and the horses not in training belonging to the estate of the late Mr. Thomas Chirnside. As I have bef ire mentioned, the sister to Martini-Henry and the sister to Nordenfeldt are to be retained for breeding purposes. The list includes a tull brother to Matchlock, a rather small but perfect colt, with plenty of strength, uleo a brother to that excellent filly Perfume The others in training are remarkably well bred, and amongst them may be something capable of holding its own in the great two year-old contests of the season which is now in fall swing. The lot not in training in cludes a two- year-old filly by Musket from Lure, sister to Lurline, and even Bhonld she never be trained she ought to be worth some thing as a brood mare; so should a filly by Epigram from Blue and White. A sister to Matador is also to be disposed of, and several fillies which should be valuable for their blood alone. Entries for the Yarrawonga Hurdle Race, Railway Handicap, and Flying Handicap close with the secretary, Mr. J. M. M'Kav, at the Victoria Hotel, Yarrawonga, at 9 p. m. on Wednesday next, 17th inst A subscription has been started on behalf ofS. Floyd, the steeplechase jockey, who un fortunately blew off two of his fingers through the bursting of a gun. The Ballarat District Hunt Club has chosen Friday, the 9th September, for its annual race, meeting. This is hardly the best date that could have been bit upon, for the Hawkes bury meeting takes place on the 8th andlGth, and many of the V ictorians wilt cross the border to visit the H.R.C. meeting, but there is so much racing nowadays that it is difficult to choose a date without clashing with something or other. The programme of the Ballarat Hunt Club appears this week, aud contains half-a-dozen events, all of which should fill welL The first is a Hurdle Race of 100 sova, about two milea. Second on tbe list comes the Bracelet Stokes, a welter handicap flat race, in which horses will have to be nominated by ladies, and the nominator of the winner will receive a bracelet, value 50 sova, the gift of Messrs. It. Affleck and F. Cuming; and the nominator of the second will receive a bracelet; value 25 sovs., the gift of Mr. J. O.Injglia. The Balla rat Hunt Club Cup is a handicap steeple chase of 125 sova, for bond fide hunters that have been hunted at least five times (his sea son with any recognised pack of houuds, to be certified by the master of the pack with whom bunted. The first horse wlU receive 100 sova, the gift of Mrs. J. P. Macpherson, and the second will receive 25 Bova A Sell ing Race of 100 sova follows, and this should attract several entries from Melbourne. An Open Steeplechase of 125 sovs. is fifth. The farmers nave not been forgotten, for the last item in the programme is the Farmers' Plate of 25 sova, subscribed by Mr. Agar Wynne, for bones the property, at least three months, of bond fide farmers residing within 15 miles of Ballarat Kntries close with the hon. secre tary, Mr. Robert Moffatt, at Craig's Hotel, Ballarat, at 8 p.m. on Thursday,. August 25. The billiard tournament atill occupies the attention of the members of the Victorian Club. At this resort and Bowes's Tatteraall's some business on turt events has been done daring the week, all the available double money about Sir Launoelot and Blue Moan tain for the V.A.T.C. Grand National Hurdle Race and Steeplechase having been token at prices ranging from 100 to 2 to 100 to 4. Sir Launoelot and Kildare and Friction and Kil date have also been backed for these events. For the V. R.C. Derby Cranbrook seems to be coming into favour, and be now disputes 'the premiership with Niagara. The CanlQeld CapaiwiMelbonrnepapiire touehed upon now and then, but' backers have not yet serirtusir settled' down! to bnsinesB, though next week 1 expect tohearof some impor tant transactions in connection with our big handicaps. , The Melbourne Hunt Ctob has onietly snuffed out the Mordialloc October. Meeting by annouhctog that its spring meeting will be held on the lac of October. ''This Is bud' upon Mr. Bradahaw,'but an important club like the M.H.C. is entitled to precedence. The programme appearethis week,~and is one that should commend itself to racing men. ' A$elling Race<of lOOsovs. isthe first item, and thisulollowed by a Hurdle Race' of-100 so vs. The chief prize Is third on the list, and It is* called a Handicap Flat Race. The club adds 250 so vs., or rather starters' will, have to pay six sovereigns for the privilege,and if thetotftf ptfiddoes »otreadh250.povs. the M.ILC. wUi make up tbedcftoieriCy. There are ' three .' payments,' the first being a sovereign, which' wiil taveto accompany eacbentiy.' Thheecohd will be t wo aoverefgne. and the third; - of ■■ three sovewifcns will be paid at scale. The Hunt Clhb Gap pf lOOsov&ia; a welter handicap steeplechase, and ia open to&md-Twfehuntem;, A 6teeple-! cbase of 150 so vcreigns, and theOorihthlnn Flat Kace.of fiOaova completetheprogramme. Entries tor the: Handicap Flat JKaoe cloteon <|IpireSbptoulitfl&^- He*; f '■■■'■ >■! r ' I'fdr the HuriinAam-psrk, meetl with him at a country race meeting in New South Wales, died in the Casino Hospital on Mondny night, his skull having been trac tured, causing compression of the brain. The Hon. W. Long's English more Dame Agnes arrived by the steamship Australasian, and goes on to Sydney. This is an important addition to the blood stock of Australia, for Dame Agnes is by Hermit from Belie Agnes, by KingTom from Miss Agnes, who belongs to the celebrated Agnes family. Mr. Bond has forwarded a copy of the book containing the programme and entries^ for the Victoria Amateur Turf Club meetings, and as they contain a lot of interesting matter racing men should not fail to secure copies. Messrs. W, C. Vuille and Co, report having sold this week the well-known racehorse Cbuckster, by Infidel from Little Nell (aaro of Swiveller), to go to Queensland; also, Bon Bon, by Kelpie from Sweeilips, to Dr. lorbes, of Mount llothwell. Racing men will wend their way to Moonec Valley this afternoon. Half-a-dozen events will be disposed of, and for (he First Metro politan Stakes I fancy Van Yean, The Judge, and Diplomacy will fill the places. _ In the August Handicap, I don't see anything that 1 fancy more than Louise Berta, Ihe tor saken. and Cinderella. For the Ladies Trophy, The Chanter or Fair Saxon appear to be best in, and the Steeplechase may end in a victory for The Lowan, 1' lckle, or Kulkyue. Ambassadress or Bugler may win the Selling Race, and Salvo, The Nun, nnd Jocular look best upon paper for the Essen non Handicap. Mr. lb S. Wakley has been appointed to the position of judge at the Elstemwick-park race meetings. On Taesday nud Wednesday next, at Kirk's Buzaar, Messrs. Campbell, l'ratt, and Co. will dispose of a number of useful horses on behalf of Messrs. M'Leod, Little, and M. Smith. Victorian stndmnsters are likely to have a rare season. in the coming spring. During some of my spare moments lately I ran down to St. Albans and out to Bundoora-park, and at both places the pasturee were as I had never seen them before at this time of the year. At St Albans I saw the first foal I've seen this season, a three-days-old filly by St. Albans from liataaoa, by King Cole from Frou Frou. It will be good news to Mr. John Field to hear that his six mares are in foal to St. Albans, and some of them are daily expected to bring little etraugers into the world. At the time of my visit the yearlings were in good healthy form. The coits had been separated from the fillies, and among the former I liked nothing better than the eon of St Albans and Pardon, while the queen of the fillies was a sister to Quadrant, though many would, perhaps, consider the filly by First King from Lady Granville quite her equal. At Bun doora-park, where also there is a profusion of grass, the yearling colt by Suwarrow from Luxline, of course, took the palm, but there are others who will compare very favourably with him. I'm told that Dunlop will probably leave for Sydney to day. As many Victorians are ehgaiged in the good things of our neigh bours 1 expect to see several trainers making a move across the border shortly, and intend ing nominators will bear iu mind that the general entries close on Monday, the 22nd of August Sumatra is engaged in the Derby and Oak3, and she may represent this colony, and several Victorians are certain to go over for ibe big handicaps. As Mr. N. It. D. Bond's duties ns secretary of the Victoria Amatenr Turf Club now occupy mofet of his time, he has forwarded his resignation as handicapper to the Bendigo Jockey Club. A two-year-old colt by The Assyrian from Ana Maida arrived from Tasmania during week, and has gone into J. Cripps's stable. The Hon. W. Pearson informs me that Cocoanut, the dam of Navigator and Trident, is not in foah He bad almost made up his mind to send the mare to Robinson Crusoe again, but on visiting bis estate in Gipps land a few days ago, he was eo struck with the appearance of Commotion's half brother Clamour, that he determined she should visit him. On Friday Messrs.Campbell, Pratt, and Co. submitted several horses to a large crowd, bat few of them were buyers. Courage did not reach the reserve, but Fickle was knocked down to. Mr. E. Weeks at 31 guineas, and Fortuneteller at 111 guineas. The same buyer secured*'Rocket for SO guineas, and a more naAed Maud for 20 guineas. His Excellency Sir Henry Loch visited the ship Yeoman this week to set the horses shinped hghi-r for India, and expressed him self pleased at the arrangements made for the comf<*t of the horses. Messrs. Lear month pud C'avaasgh pnd Cavaoagh are the shippers, and they have got together a very choice lot of horses. ; : It ia with the deepest regret that I have to announce the death of Mr. Michael Fennelly, the Hon. James White's trainer. Among the tnrfmenot Australia, there was-no man more respected than Michael Fennelly. He was born jn Ireland, but came to Asstralia when a boy, andduring the years he resided in New Sojith Wales.he gained the esteem and respedtuf all who came in contact with him. Until lastfear he was a bale, hearty man, weighing yearly 20 stone, but some internal disease attacked him, and he gradually wasted away_ until be was literally the shadow o£ the bulky man .whose form was so familiar at the head- nuartera of racing in Hew Sopth < Wales and Victoria, A , few weeks ago he eame to Victoria to consult Dr. J^ti5gerald, but • he was. so weak that thpj Victorian medico refused to perform aa opswtjon. Returning to New South Walfa, hegradnaljy sauk and died on Friday evening at half-past 6. During his connec tion with the Hon. Jamas White Mr. Fen* nelly trained winners of the Sydney Metro politan, Sydney Cup, A.J.C. Derby, V.liC. Derby,; St. Le«er, Maribyrnong Plate, Mel bourueCuPi Champion Race, and numeroua other events. i EcfUTOhCkOb. — V.AT.O. Hurdle Race — Moolgal,4 llarxon, Revenge. Ateeplechsw—Uernder. nils, diva 'BUk<e«—Straight Utaot. Aglaos, All Black. Hawkwbnry OoUnty 'Pureo—Mtnotab, Bawkeabnry -Oimsd fiind icap-AUnorah. A.J.C Metropolitan atakesr-Wnorsh-' ' ^ ■ . 