Sydney Gossip. The leading fashionable gatherings of the pat week' havo boen tboso at tho Association Oriokt Ground, Moore Pork, on tho occasion of tho match between the rival English and Australian cricket teams, I must confess my inability to master the intricacies of the game. No doubt they are very interesting to those who understand them, but t0 me they seemed rather monotonous, broken only by the cheers whioh followed eomo clover bit of play On Saturday tho attendance was very great. I seemed as if all Sydney was present. The grand stand was gay with numerous dainty costumes o overy possible tint, tho three favorito colors white, creme, and fawn predominating ; and helio- trope and other fashionable colora being striking! conspicuous. Thoro wore few costumes which could justly be designated new, most having been worn 01 {rovious oocasions. But this in nowise lessened th eauty of tho picture aa a whole. It was a brillian Biflomblage, far surpassing anything of the kind seoi at Lords or tho Kennington Oval. The Englishmen must have felt highly flattered by tho interest which the Auetralian ladies showod in tho proceedings, and when they return to tbo old country I hope they wil deaoribo us in moro truthful colors than some recen visitors have dono, espeoially two or three belonging to my own sex. Lady Carrington must, I should imagine, be gottinf farod of colonial politics, whioh certainly, at times interfere largely with social comfort. Whon hei Jmaband arrived in Sydney be little thought of the mahyxthorns ho would find among the roaos. He hat had quito onough to do to Btoor clear of partj . entanglements ; and it must be quite a relief to hie: to have-a fow honra' roßt in the vioe-rogal oountrj Beat. There are rumors that both Lord and Ladj Carrington are becoming wearied of colonial life. So Admiral Tryon, whoße numeroua pleaaurt gatherings and gallant demeanor have made hire anon a favorite with Sydney ladies, ia to bid us fato well,, having boon recalled by tho Britißh Govern ment. ' His successor will bo Rear-Admiral Fairfax, whose appointment to the Australian station savourt nore, I fear, of business than of pleasure. I hoar ii ia contemplated to offer several oomplimontary enter tainments, including a grand ball, to Admiral Tryon, before he bids na farewell ; but, aa hia "euooesaor will not reach Sydney before the end of Maroh or thc beginning of April, there is plenty of time to gel ready. . The conversazione given by the members of the Ari Sooiety of New South Wales waa numerously at .tendea, but it would have been more enjoyable if ii :had been held in more commodious rooms. Why do not some of the leaders of Sydney Booiety do some thing in this direction ? For inatanoe, what a delight ful artistio and musical gathering might bo arranged in the magnificent ballroom erected by Mr. 0. J. Hobarts, M.L.A., at Chatsworth. Sueh an occasion would remind mo of the pleaeant ro unions in the beautiful hali and grounds of tho Artists' Association, ' In Antwerp. There wero several lady attißts present, and if all I heard reapeoting the number of arc Btudents of the gentler sex in Sydney be corroot, it will not be very long before a Women's Sohool of Arts will become a neoessity. There have been very fow privato parties during the last few days ; but the weather is so hot that all who oan escape to the mountains and more elevated districts aro doing so as fast aa they oan. ' Among recent weddings may be mentioned that of Miss Blanche Davies, who waa married the other day in All Saints Church, Woollahra, to a Tasmanian gentleman, Mr. T. J. Exton. The bride was grace- fully attired in a plain yet exceedingly rich, costume of ivory satin merveilleux, trimmed and draped with silk canvas and real lace, while orange blos- soms wore twined, profusely over skirt and bodice. Of' the four bridesmaids in attendance, two were sisters of the bride.- These were attired in cream cashmere and lace, relieved with heliotrope ribbons and horseshoes, and carried beautiful baskets of natural flowers-marguerites and daisies. The other two looked very pretty in dresses of pink Madras lace. After the breakfast, whioh was given in the Oddfellows' Hall, Woollahra, the happy pair departed, rice-laden, for the Blue Mountains, while the wedding ghosts consoled themselves with a dance. I hear it ia proposed to give an open-air dramatio performance (after the fashion of that whioh recently nttraoted anon a large and brilliant orowd to Neutral Bay) in the grounds of the Yarrandabby tennis oourt at Rushcutters Bay, in aid of the funds of the club, and toward its farther improvement. Misa Minnie Palmer's suooosa at the New Opera Hou&e;, is Bomething phenomenal. As a rule, I do not care muoh for what are tormed " Bpeoi alty artiateB;" but Mies Minnie forms an oxoeption to the rule. Sho is young, pretty, viva cious, and free from vulgarity. The moment she appears on the stage Bhe captivates her audienoe by .her winning, frolioBome woy a, in whioh there io nothing of the " ohio " of the French condo actress, or the impudence of an English opera-bouffe per former. It is this whioh constitutes the eeoret of her popularity, whioh I think is thoroughly well de letved. - ??. ?_ 