QUE HOBART LETTER. Januarv 22. The political cauldron is still on the simmer, and ever and anon one of rumor's bubbles, generated by the heated imagi nation of some would-rbe prophet, runs to the top, and bursting shows that it is full of empty vapour. The meeting of the few Opposition members at the caucus in Launceston was, like most of their mea sures, premature and out of place, aud „„1„ 4- ? .1. - . uuij icuucu l'.j muaiiaiie ineir eagerness to take advantage of the slightest turn of the political wheel, which in their weak minds promises an occupancy of the Treasury benches. The mountain was in labor, and brought forth a mouse, for instead of, as some of those who attended ' it fondly hoped, the personnel of an Opposition Ministry being agreed upon, the result was simply an attempt at a barren protest against the action of Ministers in sending home a representative to the Imperial Con ference. Forsooth, a mighty matter for ' Dick Deadeye' to summon his followers from the other end of ths island for, aud it is to be hoped the lesson will not be lost upon the sane members of the Opposition. The Southern members who attended the bogus caucus returned here sadder, if not wiser, men. The only new feature in the political situation is the news received by last mail to ths effect that the Agent-General does not contemplate retiring at present, and in that case it is thought that another reconstruction of the present Ministry will take place. I heard a whisper that it was not the intention of the Speaker to take an active part yet awhile, and that the new Attorney General is a dark horse at ure^ent. hut. whoever ho is, if he contests South Hobart for his Eeat; he will ha7e a formidable opponent in Mr A. I Clark, unlefs Mr Clark's chance is marred, ts it was last election by others running and .splitting up the votta, who have hardly a ghost of a show. However, until the Ministry make a move one way or other, all controversy on the subject must be mere speculation. Thero is another clement in the House that, if wo may believe its leader (the perennial member for Sorell), is destined to play a prominent part in the stabiliiy of any Ministry formed, and that ia the occupants of the cross benches. If he can only get half a dozen members to stick to him, they alone are to be the true rulers in the House, and ihe tactics of his countiyinen in the Imperial Parlia ment is to be brought into play here. It is a pity that little word ' if' is so great a stumbling block ia such a briilhnt future, for 'if' 'hey ahow the same adhesive ness as they did latt sessiL-n, our gallant friend's prospects are very much like soap bubbles. Last session, like a flock of sheep without u shepherd, they were f'uid wherever the pastures promised to 16 the most nutritious, and if the r^apsrs had left little for their gleaning it was ;heir misfottune and not their fault. But nil deaperandum. We may yet see the tain 'grey,' line striking as decisive blow; in the Parliamentary field as their predicesnors did on the field of battle. With regard to Mr Codds, I understand that t has been decided to tender him a bauqiet prior to his leaving the colony, and s committee has been formed to put the natter in train. It will take place a .oul the latter end of this week, ps it is statec that he leaves for the old country about the 1st pro*. Lai week will long be remembered as a darl one in our colonial history, for deep in tbe ferret felt for the untimely death of onr late respected Judge, who has been aptly named one . of Tasmania's brightest sons, and. the long sorrowful cartege that followed his remains to the Cornelian Bay Cemetery on Wednesday last was *a fitting tribute to the memory of him wlose whole life has been devoted to the .good of his fellow- creatures, and who can, in addition to being a brilliant and energetic politician, lay claim to a nobler title — that of a Christian gentleman. We had got used to his absence from the political arena, and he had hardly held his judicial capacity long enough to mark that portion of his life with any special instance of his sterling honesty, but there is one special phase of his character that shed a brilliant ray over many a humble - and poverty- atrickeij 'home; and it is aniofig- the.bcciipante of such 'that the; de'efiest ' teverence 'for his memory' will' be long cherished. Among all the busy turmoil of public life he could always lend a willing ear to any tale of want or distress, and what was more to the purpose, had always an open hand for its relief. On all sides ainee his death comes the tale of homes brightened by his jtindness and lib.erality, for as the gri|6 enemy serves ail engagements, so the' embargo has been raised from lips who 'have long kept silent at his 'request, aud many records of good deeds done m secret have come to light to surround Ms name with the additional lialo of a heart full of benevolence. One instance of the many that have Come to my ears sill aferve to lift a corner t-f the veil and give a /vlirv.n.1, Af t:f ? C - tel ? Jt ? - the land.' When conducting service in 1 the Borea schoolroom he missed for several consecutive times the face of au old man, who had been a pretty regular attendant, and on making enquiries at his home found that the man's best clothes had been taken to the £idwn shopj and he would not attend in his working suit. He asked , for and got the pawn ticket, and shortly after appeared with the gar ments tied up in a broWn p&pei;! parcel under his arm. Such was one of tfye many actions performed by him in his earnest endeavors to follow the footsteps of the Great Master, and the remem brance of them will long serve to keep his memory green in the hearts of the humbler section of our community, in proof of the thoroughness of him we mourn. At the first three meetings that took place after his death, in connection with orir local societies, Mr Justice Gib lin's name was found to hold a foremost place among them, and it will be long be fore we find another in our midst, whose influence for good has so permeated through society from the highest to : the lowest. A brilliant politician^ a wise councillor, . , and , A generous friend, his loss will be felt by all in Tas mania. ' A brighter sun ne'er set nor left a blanker space ' than him who sleeps his last sleep by his father's side in the Cor nelian Bay Cemetery. Our city fathers are showing signs of improvement, as the members of our con stabulary were agreeably surprised at the; order being usued for them to besupplied with-'white trousers instead of those of heavy clothe which has been inv&gue; so'j long. The members of the 'foorce'1 looked much cooler yesterday, and no doubt felt so, but I . . am inclined to think that a commencement has been maie at the wrong end, as it is a lighter coat they want most. I was shown the underclothing of one of the force the other day after coming off his beat, and it was as if he had been dipped in the river. A light navy blue serge tunic .should be substituted for the cloth coat at present in wear, and the thing is complete. Perhaps it is the intention of the Police Committed to finish the job, and the white continuations have been supplied first as being the more readily procured. The members of the forfce fer vently hope it is, as the change cannot be objected to on the score of expense. The lighter uniforms will not be as expensive as the cloth suits, and they will not wear out -.more clothes through having two suits instead of one. If those who have the ordering of 'these matters will only go a little further, and complete their work they will ponfer a great favor on a body of men- whose work at times is not very agreeable, without being com pelled to perform it in clothing,' which may be very suitable at one portion of the year, but is totally unfit for summer wear.- -' 