Local and General News. An Unfounded Humous.—A startling rumour was prevalent during^ast week to the effect that Mr. J. Hiscox, a well known and respected resident had sud denly expired: Fortunately, it trans spired that there was not an atom of truth in the rumour and we are pleased to learn that Mr. Hiscox continues in his usual health. It is a pity that such ready credence is given to idle tales which ap pear to have a morbid interest for people who delight in chronicling fresh calami ties. The rumour, it appears, had its foundation in the fact that an inquest on the late fire was being held in the vicinity of the residence of Mr. Hiscox, and the " quid nuncs" immediately jumped to the conclusion that Mr. H. was dead. We learn that the same rumour concerning Mr. Hiscox prevailed on a former occa sion, which, of course, was as groundless as the present one. It seems that in Ar midale we are to ready to cry " Le Hoi est mort" before the fact is accomplished, and we hope there will be no more raven like croaking over other matters connected with the district. An Amusing Episode.—The Coroner and jury who were present at the inquest on the late fire at M'Intyre Flat do not appear to have had a very happy time of it. First, they had to wait an hour or two for the appearance of an absent jury man, who did not, after all, rush to the inquest as if summoned to a banquet. Then, after cooling their heels for some time, another juryman was run in and yarded safely, and the business of the inquest was proceeded with. The day was bitterly cold, and a cutting wind considerably lowered the vitality of all present, while the temperature was pro vocative of a keen appetite. The hollow hungry hour of noon was at hand. The features of jurymen and witnesses wore a forlorn aspect, and sad thoughts of home and a hot dinner rose in* the minds of men. One or two jurymen rubbed their stomachs pensively, and gazed pleadingly at the Coroner. Fortunately, the Coro ner was not of adamantine mould, and, realising that they were some distance from town, with but little prospect of dinner, empowered one person present to go forth into " the foodless wilds" and search for something to support human nature. With alacrity the messenger de parted, but proved a bad forager, coming back with a discouraging report. " Hun ger breaks stone walls," and this mourn ful intelligence almost caused one juryman to weep over the ghost of his departed dinner at home Enquiringly, the Coro ner tamed once more to the jurymen. But the "hour had come and the man." Receiving permission, graciously accorded, a townsman, well known for his love of adventure, girded up his loins and rushed into the wilderness in quest of food. As he departed an awful silence reigned. " unbroken, even, by the whispered word Lenore." The Coroner gazed at the jury, and the jury at the Coroner, while strange glances were directed at jurymen who had the misfortune to be fat. But, soon the messenger returned laden with "the flesh pots of Egypt," in the shape of pro visions kindly supplied by neighbours when they learned the terrible straits to i which the Coroner and jury were reduced. 1 The good things were quickly demolished, and a vote of thanks passed to the ener getic commissary and those who had fur nished the repast. " Hope enchanted smiled and waved her golden hair," and the jurymen resumed the serious business for which they had assembled with fuller stomachs and lightened hearts. The Queen's Jubiuee.—The comme moration of the fiftieth reign of Queen "Victoria has called forth a large number of Jubilee publications. Among the latest is a handsomely-bound pamphlet issued by the enterprising and well known firm of Mr. John Hunter, of the City Boot Palace, Sydney. The letter press of the work is excellent, and the il lustrations are very interesting and well executed, depicting all the varied events of importance during the Queen's reign. Mr. Hunter has, at no inconsiderable ex pense, issued a number of these hooks for j distribution among his customers, and we j have no doubt that his efforts to advance the interests of the firm, and at the same time supply his customers with a pleasing historical record will be fully appreciated. 