THE GOLDEN HOPE. A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. X ilieamfc * dream tbit w*Vnot all a dream/ Bx W. Clakk Bossell. CllAI’TER XXVI.—(CoKTISDED.) ltna2inA»ou ! lea ! A god-like if you will; bat bow much more suitable for tbi« plaiu world of eatiug and drinking and making money the stolid mind of William Breeches gazing with bloodshot eyes, full ot literalness, at the vessel to ma^k. if any dabaage.had been^ sustained aloft 6r alow, and chinking of the foundered ship only to congratulate himself, maybe, that be wasn’t aboard of her. Uow much moreeuitable acd convenient this miud of Bill Breeches, which a pot of ho; coffee was to Boothe, and a snooze of four hours to recruit, than the in tellect of the Rev. Malcolm Fortescue, Cdpable of seeing sorrow to itt depth, angaiah in its throes, all things penetrable by human gaze to their foundations, and ia a few hours originating out of mere fancy, more pitiful I and needless emoiions for himself, than j Breeches, backed or Hiram, the cook, and I the rest of the ship's company could manu facture, were twenty years allowed them to make the experiment in ! He went below, changed hia wet clothes, then knelt in impassioned prayer of gratitude to God ; but when Hiram at breakfast with him observing the eii'ect of the wild and try ing night in hia face and manner begged him to lie down and sleep, he said, ' No, be could not sleep, his miud was too Btrained.' 1 Well, that’s very queer,’ said Hiram, * if after such a job as laat night I wasn't sound asleep three minutea after my head was down, I should ask you to overhaul your medicine crieat for me Bat I tell ye squarely, Mr. fcortescue, that last night’a business wur the worst 1 ever was in, and seeing as how the little Hopes palled through it, it should be making ye feel that yoa’ve got to know in a few hours more about life and the Creator’s ways of workin’ upon the eea than you’d has certain ashore if you was to keep on livin’ till ye died qb old as a Seriptur patriarch. It’s enough to make a city o’. Linden alderman all guts and guzzle, take an interest in sailors, am t *t, air all a cornin’ together—fust poor Sammy s drowning, then the hurricane, then the founderin' of the ship right under the eyes of our golden angel that was scorning W that rolled at her with her trumpet, Aud he looked steadfastly at the par#on, for he reckoned there had been education enough ta tbe last twenty four hoars to direct ths eyes ot Fortescue with sympathy and inquisi aveuess into the hidden life of the forecastle. But the carate waa in no humonr to taik about Buch things just then. Had tne hurri cane blown them out of their course ? Wera they nearer the island than when the tempest cams down t \\\ as there likelihood of more foul weather or of breathless calmB to delay the swift keel of the schooner and postpone whatever issue was in store ? He had to wait till noon, when Hiram, with his gaunt face looking bloated with sleep, came on deck to take the eun’s altitude. Then how marvellous was the change ’ the long swell ran like folds of liquid light to the north ; the trade wind, eoft and hot as the lips of an Indian girl, blew abeam. It was all a crystal clearness of tropical light, blue aky over the maet heads, touched here and there by a woolly rag of white cloud and water— azure betwixt the ewelle—laughing In spark jug waves which caressed the schooner's boWB with snow-like fingers and which raised cool sounds all about her aud in the air. Light bells were made. Hiram disappeared, the men went to dinner ; Stone walked the deck ana Fortescue eat liatlets, pale, eyes full of yearning and fixed ahead where he deemed the island lay, aud where tbs clear blue of the sky met the softer blue of the ocean—still the same unbroken junction that it had been for days and weeks, an ever receding coo tinnity, out of which nothing but faith and hope could have crashed the mockery of iteration. . Hiram came on deck with a piece of paper in his hand. Stone drew near. 'This isnhtrewe was at noon, eir,’ said the captain. Fortescue read aloud : ‘ Sixty five degrees ten miles east longitude ; fifteen degrees three miles snath latitude.' ‘ The old bucket’s got the scent !' cried Stone, * Whip along, you jade ! It ain't fat ' How far ?' asked Fortescue, in a voice that trembled. 'This side o’ five hundred miles,’ answered Hiram. Ha redacted. ‘Today’s Toosd.y, Bill; if tbiB brerze lasts or anything re lemblin' it keeps on a-Mowin' we shall be having yonr island fair in view by Friday uternoon.’ Scone took a deep breath and enddenly walked aft, and Fortescue noticed Hiram watching the old sailor with a cation* imile. The ordinary teaman, Joe Hall, waa at the selm when Mr, Fortescue read aloud Ibe igures of latitude and longitude Hiram gave 11m, end he Battered the forecastle not a ltils when he entered it and related that the laptain bad said that if the like of the wind ;hen plowing h«ld they would be having stone’s Island (as it had come to be termed «<l »*•) «n »i»» on Friday afternoon. U1 hands discussed the subject over their iouk pots of tea, tbs biscuit, and the remains f the raft m-sc left front dinne-, which < uads ont their .tinner ; and a na'nrer might Pabhabed by .^wi —,n. ,lH utlt .pthor. I rery eastty have chosen a ranch leas interest ng and picturesque subject (or a study than the Golden Hope’s forecastle at that time offered, for the yellow light of the weBtering sun came gushing and tlowiDg with equa torial intensity oi aplendouruoaer the foot of tbe stay foresail, fair in a pool of light npon the Seattle; and this effulgence dimming as it struck down the hatohwwy, wh3 is-ecbosd, bo to spealr, into dusky corners by the Haring and flaming wick of the forecastle lamp, tbu* constituting an atmosphere into whicn every thing looked novel, sinking, and even grotesque. The movements of the Bcbiouer curtseying and rolling over the swell as tbe trade wind swept into her distended wings of square sail and atudding sail, caused the oil skin suits suspended against tho bulkheads to ■wing solemnly, and in the curious light these tarpaulin garments resembled a row of mariners, who, in a fit of dejection, possibly induced by weevils, had ju,t committed sui Tlte interior was warm, with the hot deck overhead and internal flavouring of the steam of tea, the curls of tobacco smoke,- and the mingled aroma of tar, of the secrets of the forepeak, of the fames of the oil lamp, and the peculiar marine Bmell that is exhaled through some occult processes, by sailors’ waterproof clothes. It was symptomatic of tbe general uneasiness and misgiving felt throughout tbe schooner at this period of her outward passage that the forecastle bands aboold have talked of the island they sup posed themselves to be approaching in such a way as if they could not make op their minds whether to beliave in it or not. They had managed to find out, to guess perhaps— but—anyway the perception was divided amongst them—that Captain Weeks was not at all sure that Stone's Island had an existence, and now, ns they sat in their sea parlour drinking tea and Bmoking, their con versation took this form ' l.adB,’ said Goldsmith, slowly pouring some tea out of bis hook-pot into a pannikin which he tilted from side to side towards tbe hatch that he might see that it was clear of leaves and twigs, ' Friday ain’t for off, and if it should come and not bring the hisland along with it, what's agoin to happen, does anyone know?' ‘ Well, as I told yer,' said Johnny, the bov, who sat Bmoking on a chest stowed well in tbe head, and whose eyes blinked out round and gleaming like au owl’s from the dusk ithere. ‘I heerd the cap'n himself tell Mr. Stone, if the island aren’t where it's supposed ' to be, the parson means to keep all on a earchin’ for it.’ ! ' Ay, that’s all very well,’ exclaimed the cook ; ' but thank the Lord there's more 'n one to every bargain, and if that island ain’t where it’s said to be, then Micky Anson 'll want a word with tbe cap'n, if there’s to be aiiy earchin”, as Johnny calls it.’ ' Ay,' growled old Breeches, who was silting under the hatch, and whose natural sournesB of expression took an inimitable character from its peculiar accentuation by the flue mating shades and tones of light occasioned by the vessel's movements. ' That's all very well, mate, but what you’ve got to consider is. you signed on for a hisland in this here ocean, and ontil that there island's corned across your bargnin ain’t ful-filled up.' Had this view been applicable only to tbe cook, its expression would have excited a general laugh, but as it concerned all handB it created a very different emotion, and Johnny, Joe Hall, and Henry Sawyer stared with faces of real dismay at Breeches. 'Ye're wrong, Bill,’ exclaimed the cook. ' The situation of that island mnst ha' been kuowed afore we started. When we arrive at tbe pare where it's kuowed to be, an'it ain't there, then it’li be ooe of two things for this here child,' tapping his bare, mossy breast with his fat hand, ' either home or the reason why we don’r. ’ 'Well,' observed Breeches, who, having, delivered himself of a disagreeable opinion, did nos think it the l6ss his duty to intensify it because it told as much against himself aB the others, 'le' the island not be where Bill Stone eaye it is, an’ you knock off, an' see what the magistrates ’ll tell ye if ye have to go to law for your wageB.' * What's the good o'arguiug V such Duck, lighting a pipe, with an impatient puffing of I the tobaoco smoke. ' It isn't proven jet that Stone’s wrong.’ ' Ah,’ remarked tho ordinary seaman Hall,I speaking with his month full, ‘ye see, Jim. you wasn't at the helm when the parson reads out the figures and the mate walks I aft; If yer had been, ye'd ha’ noticed the smile the cap'n cast after him.’ ' What sorter smile ?' grunted Breeches. ' What's the word ainnifyiu' sueering-like asked Halt. There was a pause and much stolid puffing of to- acco and mastication of biscuit. 1 D'ye mean sarcauatic ?' exclaimed Duck. ‘ I war once along with a capt’n as was given to calling the mate by that word when they quarrelled.' ‘ Well, if it means sneering-like, as I say, it’s the word,' said Hall. ' Even,’ broke in the cook, who bad evidently been turning over points of law in his mind, ' if we was bound by the articles to make an island which ain't to be found, I'll venture to say, hard as the law is upon sailors, that nothin' onpleasant could follow the crew’s resolve to atop the aarch on the grounds that the parson s a loonatic and Bill Stone not much better.’ ‘ Why,’ said Breeches, slowly, feeling that the others were expecting him to speak, ' if ye put it on that ground, Micky, I dunno as anything onpleasant would follow. It’s plain enough that we’re na<igated on what they calls a wision,' he continued contemptuously, ‘ and we’re not to know that all the truth there is in Mister Fortescue’a dream mightn't bs battled up in a man's heje. Supposin' we dou'i make the island, then we've got a right to consider it’s a wision, too—one of Stone’s wiaions, and he ain't wantin' in the sort or piety that suffers from heelu—halu— cuss the word 1 There so much Black in many English tarms that there's no haulin’ of He paused that someone might complete the woid. Nobody volunteering, he pro ceeded: • Or if it ain’t a wbat-d'ye call it of Stone’s it might be an inwentian recommended to him by the parson’s friends to tell theparsoD, so as he might be persuaded to take a woyage for bis health, d'ye Bee 1 They know'd one another afore wo sailed, and who's to say what secret Stone keeps hid ? It took him and Hiram a long spell afore tellin’ us what was the cause of this woyage, and can any man here, recollectin' of that, aay that we know everything up and down, from end to end He shook his head with a sour grin. ' William Breeches hasn't been to aea all his life I or nothin',' He added suddenly, ' My opinion’s Micky's. If there's no hisland the whole woysge_ is a delusion, and we can compel the cap'n to carry the schooner The cook smiled broadly in triumph. Johnny said: ' I'm plaguey glad to hear that. I was plaguey afeard we should have to keep all on in this bloomin’ oceon.’ ' If ever we get home, it'll be a journey to talk about,' exclaimed Goldsmith, with an uneasy glance at the bunk that had been occupied by WilkB, the drowned seaman. ' It’s not often that things come together as they did yesterday. For my part, it 'nd p'eased me more bad they happened earlier than now, with the island within a short sail—if to be as it’a there—and Friday atop of the bitin' to make it in ! What does the cap’n wint to go and choose Friday for for makin* Stone's Island ?’ ' To keep toon to the woyage, Mart'n, to keep toon to the woyage,’ said Breeches, in a voice as hollow as hoarseness would permit I( the parson's a man able to see a i wreck ten thousand miles off io a dre observed Duck, ' he must be a sort o' wit And if that’s his lay, who's to know ■ be may take it into his head to raise oi lha hisland ? If ho don’t find his gal t he may order Davy Jones np and ask r tions of him. And stand by, Johnny, lad, if ye goes ashore, for when Davy's ! with the pBtBoa ho may take a fancy to; ' No feat o' my goin' ashore,' respoi Johnny, visibly agitated. ' 'Selp me chuck myself down the hatchway and bi a harm sooner than mouse about w wiaions and ghosts have been seen and t the parson’s power.’ Some laughter followed this, but it was hard to guess by the want of heartiness th»» the boy’s remark had not etruck ch wholly unsympathetic. Anyway, is was p that in the forecastle of the Golden B the superstitious feelings which had l excited on the other side of the C but which had been allayed by representations of Mr, FortescuVs mot and mission by Hiram and Stone, r beginning to creep and stir ag along with the old donbls as to the meat and sanity of the voyage, now it was nn stood that the schooner was within tl lays tail of the place where the island affirmed to be. Chapthi XXVII.—Tax Night Before. But whatever might have been felt in the isbin, there was not the samo freedom of ionveraation you found among the men. The *ct was things were so near their realisa ton that feelings were rendered too sensitive aud acute by tneir proximity towarrunt fall • and lrauk talk. Hiram especially waB re* 1 served. He wbb certain that bis calculations were accurate, and that he would be able to Bail the schooner to within one minute of the latitude and longitude of the island given him by Stone ; but ne was again troubled and, perhaps,irritated by the reflection that, ahould the ©ea extend bare to its bouudarien when he told Mr. Forteacue that the 9pot indicated by the mate wag reached, ho might be sub pected of inaccuracy as a navigator, and the burden of the failure be laid upon his Bbouldera ; for unhappily there was no one on board who could confirm the correctness of his workings ; and you saw how this con sideration harassed him when he stood oh deck, turning bis protruding eyes upon the crew, or directing his gaunt face seawards with a troubled expression, as though thirsting for the companionship of a vessel to enable him to prove big figures by corn pariaon. Nor had old Stone much to gay ; iudeed, a wooden look cauio into his face, arid he'd walk the deck with a regular see-saw awing, with a halt ate to glance nlof!;, then a halt forward to stare to windward, all in ft mechanical way that proved it waa habit controlling hirn. Indeed, hia far-away moods, so to say—for you couldn't apeak of dreaminess in such a man—were ex ceedingly disturbing to Hiram, though it was out of the question he could challenge the old sailor’* sincerity until the indicated situation of the island was reached, even if by so challenging he felt he could make him own that he understood he wag under a delusion. It waa curious, however, that the sceptical fa.Jtaia should have found something like reassurance in Fortescue'a behaviour; that ia to say, in finding the curate on the Wed nesday afternoon, in the cabin overhauling the contents of the box of female wearing apparel he had brought with him. It might be that hia own anxiety that the voyage should prove absolutely enccesefal in all wayg made him willing to put some hope in the clergyman’s profound confidence in the truth of hia dream. * Ha!' said he, dragging at the mat of hair under hia chin, 'you've Rot a proper assortment there, sir. None too much, if so be—well, none too much, I daresay, any how. How long will the lady have been on the inland ? ‘ Nine months,’ answered Fotteacae, in a Bubdned voice. ' An which ’nd ye rather, Mr. Fortescne— than ye should find her when we makes the island,’ said Hiram,. Rulping at these word? and asking the question irefely to get some hopeoutofthe clergyman’s conviction that Stone’s island waa real, ‘ortbat ahe shruld have been taken off by some passing ship long ago V ' Oh, the latter, surely, Captain Weeks; yet one would want to know it. But what chance—the ocean tracks are as well beaten as roads ; the island lies out of the highways, and then being a little rock-' He checked himself, and added, 4 There are not many hours now betwixt ua and the truth.’ And he closed the lid of the box with a violent shudder. Hiram thought it hia duty to cheer Mr. Fortescua by being lively. *It’s carious the number of garments women wears sir. They're like full-rigged ships ’longside schooners as compared with men. They piles tbeir canvaa high, and it comes low down too—call it gkysails to watersails. If you wai going to the relief of a man, a shirt, a pair o’ pants, and a coat *ud be onough, but here’s a cheBt fall, and nuthen I dare say that could be done without. It's the clothing, maybe, that atop3 a good many chaps from gettm* married. You’ll be know, in* of it, perhaps, as a clergyman, air. If that there cheat is jest the temporary houtfit of a young castaway lady, what’a a regular rig-out gom’ to cost?’ and forgetting that his intention was to be lively, he suffered his large goggling eyes to meet in a thoughtful squint upon the box. ‘Captain Weeks,' said Forteacue, taking no notice of this talk, though the motive was too plain to render reeentment possible ; * the youog lady will have my cabin, of course.’ * And you’ll have mine, air.’ * Yes ; 1 shall have to turn you out.’ * certainly.’ 1 She may need tender nursing—the ten dereat nursing,’ exclaimed Forteacue, brood ing over thoughts sweet and melancholy, and speaking in a soft voice, rendered melo* dioua by its gentleness. ‘Think of nine months upon an island !’ clasping hia thin white hands. 1 How Bhall we find her— perhaps, in good health—who knows? God is a merciful father. I have prayed to Him by day and by night. I am here by Hia com mauds. Believe it or not, it ig 90 captain. And then the hope that springe eternal ! There i* infinite wisdom in that uaying. Ooe Beea the kindling of it in dying eyes, ns I have seen eyes still fixed upon this world. It is a light that illuminates the shadow of death. Why ahould it not have supported her? Has not hope saved many a life but for it would have perished ? No, no l It ig not spiritual hope I am thinking of, the deathbed beacon. It ia the material hope that is in my mind born of this world, yearn ing for this world, tightening the hold of the heart upon thia world for the love that must be left if death comes. It will have animated her, it will be the spirit of life in her, it will sustain her till I come guided by God, who would not—who would not—have f601 d™’6 *° Se€k ^er ^ S^e were not *° Although he waa spoken to, although the dark and burning eyes of the clergyman were upon him, Hiram did nnt require to bs told that Mr. Forteacue was thinking aloud. To the plain seaman it sounded like an address from the pulpit so far as the manner of it went; but the manner was hair-stirring in its way, spits of Weeks’s cow pet feet familiarity with the supernaturannepiration of the voyage, becaused it showed that the pargon’s conviction that the girl upon the island wag ag profound on this, the eve of the discovery of the truth one way or the other, as it was when he made up his mind to buy the Golden Hope and sail her to the ocean they were in. Indeed, if ever Hiram’s protrudiug eyes wanted an excuse for grow ing moiat they might have fouud it them in the hlurit salt, but hearty emotions which filled him when he looked at the. handsome, snrrowful, pallid face of Mr. Fortescoe, with its sadness lighted up into a pathos capable of appealing to a far rougher fellow than the skipper, by the im pa-moned, prajerful. wistful expression of hie countenance ; and when he considered what would be tbe effect upon the young man if Stone’s Island should prove a delusioD. * Well, sir,’ he said, with a certain un couth b&ahfulreas; breaking in upon the silence, * if so be the lady’* found all richt upon the hisland, I allow it will be the won derfnlleet sign of tbe hordering of tbe Lord as any man* likely to come across this aide o' the time that the Scripture* comes down to. Ah’ I wouldn't mind bettin1, if bettin* were 'lowable in a pioua matter of this kind, that if the Jadj’s on the hialand ye’ll find her in good health. If the beginnin’ turns out right it 11 be all plain sailin’after ; every thin'll be as you could wish. The job ia tbe beginning; for though I can wait as well as another, yet I’d give two good pounds in money down at this moment if Stone or Breeches or any of the men ’ud Bing out that there camel*abaped hialand o’your wj-fion waa m i»*ght over the bnw. If that beginuin’* all right;there11 bp ne’er a kink in the rest of it, so I believe. It ll be all smooth aud easy coilmg down. 'Tain likely heaven *ud start a gentleman on a herraml of this kind to dis appoint him. Fust make the bi-land, and all the rest’s warranted. The steady trade wind swept its warm breath into the crowded canvas of the schooner, and the leg gave her a upped of ten marine miles an hour. All Wednesday she travelled thus, and Thursday found the wind with even more weight in it, and the schooner bending her shining fabric of canvas far over to tbe leeward sparkling u (1**1 a - » a day such a* Forteacue had her eld m hta dream when the vision of the Indiaman rose 8lately amid a scene of white sunshine and running, dashing wafers. It was as though the Gnlden Hope knew that the limits of her outward passage were almost reached. The men seemed to witnes* a new kcaury in her; it was like an impulse from a familiar object inspiring a deeper perception that found a novelty of loveliness in what before had been familiarly beautiful only. | The surges tumbled in silver over the bine folds of the *oJemn*breatbiog northward trending swell ; the dazzle of the Bunshine filled the wind with tremblings of radiance, and the harp-like singing among the rigging sounded like an interpretation of the vibratory shining of the moving effulgent atmosphere. A faintness as of pearl appeared to brim over in liquid light from the edges of the sails, and to create & whiteness in the blue a yard wide from the bolt-rope to where the nzure came down fq the fall and brilliant cloths in a flow of exunisite transparent azure. From either bow the salt surge broke away in a smoke of crystal particle*, and it waa noticed that at moments when the achooaer dipped her head, there hung in the bloe translucency, ere ii was coiled over into foaui by the shearing of tbe cutwater, the missy, golden image ofan nnsel with trumpet at mouth, aa though the caressing deep had sent from its heart an emblem of triumphant hope to gild the liquid path over which the schooner's figure-head proudly ro8e and fell. But the ocean was bare, and had been bare for day®, saving the foundered ship, whose pteaence iu thote waters waa referable, as l Hiram thought, to the accident of stormy weather beating her eastwards and eventually overwhelming her in the great storm. Never before had the sense of the vtistiie** and desolation of the sea been keener in Fortes* cue. He, all day long directing hia eyes from one bow to the other with wild importunate search for the island, which, he would con ceive, might be nearer than Hiram imagined, since Stone may have mi-reckoned its place by some leagues—bo gazed at the limitless sea-line, the shining miles going from right and left into the sky from the schooner’s aides till the immensity of what he surveyed filled his soul with an oppression that wa3 iike the despondency of mania. How else to express what he felt? It was hiB darling he thought of—that lone star amid this gleam ing immensity which lay bare to the aky for thousands of milea—and fancies of her made the ever receding horizon an insupportable contemplation. All day long he remained on deck. No food crossed his lipa ; indeed, he could not eat. Both Hirarn and Stone left him to him ■elf. They were awed by the breathless yearning lorfe of the man taking in the sea on either bow from Ho bowsprit to the fore ringing. It was cot wonderful, it is true, to Hirnm, that he should be keeping tbU strict continuous vigil nr watch, because the cap tnin.-ugued that if Stone’s Island were real, the old seaman might have wrongly calculated its situation by some milea, whereby it might be sighted sooner or later than the time he reckoned on reaching the latitude and longitude named. WhatBtruck Hiram, as it struck Stone, ay, and the men forward, as you would have noticed by observing the glances they directed at the curate, was the half-rapt, half-dsrtressed, expression of his face —such a look, perhaps, na he wore in his sleep when the machinery of his dream bad opened*the ocean island to his mind’s aigbt, and showed Agatha upon it appealing to him. Indeed, some of the men thought him possessed, and were shy of going aft or paeaiog along the portion of the deck he might be striding. He never seemed weary of walking. Sometimes he would come to a stand, _ and, grasping a pin or a backstay, send his gaze full of fire round the aea to either quarter, and then resume his walk. Stone was more affected than Hiram. The principal idea put into the skipper by For* tescue’s manner wa3—' If the island's a delusion of Stone’s, what m the name of all that’s holy will the parson feel and think and dew when I has to tarn to and say, " Well, I can't find the hieluud * Hiram’s sympathy hadn’t length enough to go much further than that. But Stone seemed to see Forte acne in his original character—that of the mystic, the dreamer, slightly deranged, wrong-headed, may be, on a point or two, and so confiding in hia own imacinatfons as to make him a pa'hetic subject for thought. Not that old Stor.e could have expressed bis ideas : but p-rception has no reference to words, and the veriest landsman may perhaps like to know that it is possible for the humblest and moat unlettered sailor to have fancies and understandings of things which, if robed iti Miltonic language, would discover the regality of Miltonic thought. Hence there was mingled with Stone’s compas sionate fear that the curate’s dream might prove nothing bat a delusion, a reverence for and awe of the sore of transformation that had been wrought in him by hia ailenc-*, hia restlessness, his passionate viligance, the strange expression in his face, startling for its indrfinableneas. Hiram noticed the fascination with which the old sailor would watch the clergyman, swiftly sinking or diverting his gaze if Fortescue looked his way : and it rendered the skipper more and morn dubious of ' Bill's IrJand ’ as & fact, * Depend upon it,* he thought to himself, j 1 this here manner of the curate’s is appealing *o Bill's capacity of acting under delusions hi-self. A pretty look out if the island’s a lie! But I don’t care! There’s no con glomeratin' of the aun’a haltitude. If my navigation ain’t accepted he must ship another cap'n.’ And Mr. Fortescue himself I Well, he was feverishly restless, as how could he fail to be, since, if the breeze held, next day was to show him the limit of his long, long journey, and to verify or disprove the most vital part of hia wouderful dieatn ! It was not unnatural that he could not eat; or that, fighting with the fearful doubt in-pired by Hiram that Stone’s Island was a flight of senile imagination, he should keep a thirsty gaze fixed upon the pea-line for any shadows which might arise there, soothing hia pre-ent dread of ultimate disappointment by the anticipation of Hiram’a reckoning: or that he could not tea1', seeing what to-morrow might signify, and how fast to-day was waning. His mind was agitated to its depth3. The look upon hia face of human distress mingled with spiritual hope, was the fixed shadow indi cating the inward motions—a thousand feelings corresponding with avd combining to that marble-like fixity of facial revelation. The chill of fear corrected the ardency of iraaginotiou, or many times he must have broken into transports by thinking of the meeting—if she were there to receive him. The aun sank in glory ; the burning crim son floated to the zenith, and a bright star in the eust flashed diamond like through the wind that blew on the schooner’3 starboard beam. The splendour quickly di^d, the orange-tinted foam faded into a pallid glimmering alongside, and the fresh wind chased tbe rushing schooner under a sky of velvet black, brilliant with erba, with here und there a steam-like cloud, tfcat looked like a dim and infinitely remote constella tion. The influence of Fortescue’s manner was upon the ve^-el, and it was to be strangely felt when the liquid luminous dusk came down in the hush as of expectation, though there were figures of men moving for.vard, and the glowing tips of tobacco-pipes. It wa9 such weather as needed do * standing by, ye', instead of coiling themselves away for a snooze in odd corners, the watch on deck lightly trod here and there, peering over the side at the sea- line with a kind of anxious curiosity in their way. as though they h*d borrowed from the clergyman the feeling that the i-land might be made out a^ainstlthe low down Btars at any moment, and they could not rest for the de?ire to see it, and what might show upon it even in the darkness, so full of the supernatural was the idea of it to them. Sometimes there would be a faint glare of luhtiling in the south-west, like the dim “been of some gigantic violet-tinted lamp flashed upon the aky from behind the sea ; aguiQ and again meteors of magnificence, trailing clouds of splendour, swept their sparkling dust under the stars, and Fortescue thought of the bright exhalation that had leapt and sailed and vanished over tha mast heads of the Veralam as he marked her melting into the dusk past the English Fore land. The water waa fiery with phosphorus; and standing to leeward whenever the schooner clove a longer sea than usual, you’d mark the brassy glare rising to the rounded cloths, and for the moment making the whole configuration 0f the fabric ghastly with this churchyard radiance as it leaned under the sweeping stars. From time to time the log was hove, and this was the only feature of the schooner’s life that Fortescne seemed to notice ; tbe rattling of tha reel was a summons to him ; he would Start and go to the lee quarter, and there stand like a spectre—save but for bis aleep Iesa eyes, which shone gleaming to the bull a-ere tbe man who turned the glass held to show the running of the sand : whilst Srcne or Hiram dragged.in the length of th© line through the glittering eddying spangles of tbe wake ; and whenever the speed was named he moved forward again, shifting from s'do to side just before the mainmast, with rests between, which he’d take with hia arms creased upon the rail, staring oat into tbe windy, starlit night. (TO Bg CONTINUED.) " Having on save al occaalcns need your Cordial Balm of Liquorice, 1 consider il my duty to give my testimony to Its wonderful efficacy for cotubs and coldfi. With the Balm of Liquorice In the house none of us fear the effect of a cold or cough. For croup Id children I never knew it fuK" J. C. Lean, South Brighton. DUN STONE'S CORDIAL BaLM OF LIQUORICE, la. 6d. and 2s. 0d. per bottle. At s. cheml*tn.-» TADvr MURRAY'S FLUID MAGNESIA Is particularly beneficial as a pleating sedative and aperient In all cases of Irtlution and acidity of tha stomach, par ticularly during pregnancy, febrile complaints, In* (•ntlle disorders, or sea sickness. It speedily removes h-aribu-n, add eructations, or Irregular digestion. It never falls to compose the stomach In a few mlnutet after any ©xccat. as a lotion for the mouth 1) sweetens tho breath, and the Magnesia dears the teeth from tarUr. MURRAY’S FLUID MAGNESIA almost Invariably succeeds In removing the spasms, headache*, and gastric coughs to which dcL'cate persona are subject from acidity of the stomach! CAUTION.—Please observe the signature of tho larmier on every labeL Sold by al! chemists. ROCKS, TOM PS ITT and Co., Melbourne Sole Whole sale Agents for Victoria.—(Ad rr) 