The"iss Tgrera opezi," rosy with amber gloss,. -FROM THE FRENCH OF A SILWESTiE. Sheupon which casca wonded a regular waterfall ofish woman, with abundant golden tresses.hair of which Her master was known as her " Uncle " Zachary Boaston, a grave?, thoughtful, stiff and tactiturn man, always "in black, like a minist nor dye can give to no weakness save a heavily fur- trimmed ulsty in her royain winter. Hblue landau, drawnthough, by a paireen the celebrated "valuable than two-thirds" in of ther daysing animad could makessing himselfr, understood in nearly every city good for a pay ing hobody ouseld have suspected she haworld. beHe hadn acrobatpicked up La Tigrer. in Mexico when quite(says my frieyoung, with nobody belonging to her withiney (Crifowle range, and Lamb, iron-mill owned her into aMid dlesbrough) was originally the foremost trapeze performer in Gymnasiarchiste," still quotingethe pro grammhis posters. NoThe outsiders' notion of acrobats ber in the tightser allyn "nderstand ubs"wasthe unning perfection touffby which intelligent trhavining a scratch orablmise th or dentmi n ine figure. Out of sherancient Greatdeal more risk of being spoilt by his humoring her whims for dainties.!.? '!' He was only her manager and, second now, foneverms come stalking but out of Athleticd beauties of whit'e stueele'ap triumiphant. There isust no muone to "send"xagg her the trapezetion in tohe whihsupple, strong frame, elasticm another the utmost violence or most abrupt recoil, moving as pre-. oundcisely as an automaton. The hands seemedtoBar. rather also deigned, withan a woman's at the ends of faultless arms. The lower limbs beat any of the stfamous Diervanta's in one so quiet, to hsculpture.ry up Another marvel still were the shoulders of "Missthe pondTigreros paraphernalia ofwith amberticles withs, upon which seexcutascaded ha regula "diverse featserfall of prgolden tressand elegant strength."s. Thus Uncle Zach and his so-called niece ap Her ma ster was known abills on the dead walls and by real works of art in the windows ; Zacharbills only less ostonly than their theaoughtful, stiffrec tos had to.pay for the biggest draw in Europe.black, like a But what con~tributed no little to augment pubic cunister, osity around to no weaknhe attractive Star o Midair was a yarn that the terms of her con tract forbade her entering matrimonial bionds heavil she attainmmed her thirtieth year. She had though, been advertised at eighlebrateen, " Frscantco-Du theseh five years, by the wa-y. At al 'events, the noble swells of "London, the Jockey- clubbists of eParis, thedons, or days, and could make himselfs, the Aunderstood ralian nearwool kings, retiretygood South Sea pay *ing house throughout the world. He had kidnapperscked up a iera in Mexico when qui- magnate young, with noeverybody belonging to her withine gal rflery who faned she had fashionoked herim kind of a " Champipn Gymnasiarchiste," still quoting his posters.ndly inthe eye as se put up er hair c The outsiders' notioyon ofreachgrobats being liter-vation ally triked cubtheis" was shown to be worstuff. And sheby *Tigrera not having a scratch or blemish or dent ontinued to answer body; in fact, sheasn aept deal mo pre risk of being. spoilt by his humoring'her whims for dainties. ' . He was only her manager andnts that entailedsconsequencos, and con-ow, tinued to smile all round the circle with piti less grace. .. nevBut ther clowing ones:guessed or off the stageand woupid trwas busy about so lovely a being. the trpipezed ato solo whichen the bndwas to make from another "like the hAse tounding that dread moment when Uncle Zachr to Bary." would solemnly cry " Go !" The little rogue Hein also deignedt of with an ease which amazedd bow ba thaned himstage'selfrvants in onthe barso quiet, to hurrsmngly upheld out his armous pawherap hernal did this trick of pretend-s with whing to mis her executed her "diverse feats ofor pra boarding-school miss romantic longings ath." Thuperson wUncle Zach and his so-called niecs were apcul petivated annbove those immortally artis on the deads walls and by: real works of art in the windows ; bills only less costly than their theatre direc tors had to~pay for the biggest draw in Europe. Buton what contributed no little to augment public curiosity around the attractive Star of Mid air was a yarn that the terms of her. con hetract forbade hernk:accu ent selling hematrimonial bonds till she attained her thirtiethng, and enjoygShe had bcream of fadvertised yatg. eShe might have ant," teamse of uniicorns to drive in a faithful production of fivPhaetn's cyar, by the way. At all 'events, the noble swells of London, the Jockey-clubbist by fall Parg in lothde madly, genursekinely, Rupassian prines, with the last ralian that her guardian wouldth Sea kidhave approved.rs, One of his own trade, too-es Tomand everybodyi else,,"tohe.the shop-boy mns," a the gall, lestrong, bullfancied she, plain-facd looked clown.him kind of kia clown of ithe eygod oldas sheort, to upWhich Boastnir c quhad been ttishly rovand tcoo bellyong, and was proud to recall amongtried their best and their worst. And shern conterror-inuthedto answthlete who notejumps. accept no pre-uts louder, strikes the supers harder and oftener, kicks harder, and altogether substituted force for comicality. ? i: . tinuHe's got into thesmile all round the circleg ring," wasith piti-r. less grace. Boaston's criticismng ones him; guess he ought Cupidto have stepped into the P.R."band was hushed the house in that dread moment when Uncle Zachary. He would solhave been asmnly cry "Go!" Thdumbfounded to le rogue in that his treasure of beauty had a fancy forw ba that burly satyr, as the ladirs and smilngly heldemen of Olympus when he Courdid this trick of preported, ion the best authoritych, There was no room foraiance had been boardiranged between-school miss romantic longings in a, daughter person whose andimalistic tendencies were cul of the Cyclopsk Ironworks." Tigrera was ;so jealous of Mir. Mavis that she tieven exercised those immfull of her wits to have Un tncle Zach ntedga he him to travel round with piling up them, baunder the pretext thathe, courier's bag sowith jewellernaturally to bursterng, and solemn that a comique would relieve the" show. -. In~fact, if Mavis had, only? reciprocated her setting her cap at him and-not been glaring[ly devoted to the fair sex: without any meie discrimination, cream of fi living. he might have a'relieved the show tindeed --and of unicorns to drive in a faithful production of Well, as things, stood tlius, the World's De light came, bua lover-no, sir! ThBesides, she made spotucin a bunglead of it by fall-West ing in love madly, genuinely, passionately witEnd the loroughfare whereat her guardian wouldm men of yore. very show has bo n tried ther, and nothing lasth long oThe succession of en terprises appearing and vanishing is likea magic-lantern slide of the tempters of St. An thony. Sacbed Dioramas,'trained birds, the Converted Pryomns o ink's Uniforms ofu the Amazonian Armlies,- temerance drinks, &c.; Lastly, the cold, dampwhall was rejuvenated by the doomed thousands of an African diamond dealer, and the cynosure in the constellation of popular favorites was Miss Bold.. "kShe fetched al crowd, anyhow," as her manager saidt... The wonted hundred lipplauded the beaute ous human gomet, shooting among thegalaxs. of gasp-jedts and Brus-lights. " Th men cease smoulg in admiration, while athed igarette vapor was thrilled? by the voluptuous temana tions of that furwing Golden aleede and pinkc gold-broidered boots.. :.- • thaow, the charmiag acrbat was to exhibit her strength of jaw. She gracefully let herself slide head down, her feet sCiuously twined in the sidebropes, and hung from the bar, suha baining, by a cord, a sh seg four-pounder. Calm and smiling mechancally, while awato ng the aCcuratoly-timed clockwork in thn breach to discharge the piece, Tigrerasurveyed the multitude around her and beneath her in verted eyes. The stillness was oppressive to all but the heroine of the occasion. Suddenly, in the grand mirror behind the bar of the first tier, tuclining like the plate glass of a Pepper. Ghost Illusion, and, hence, reflecting what took place at a lower level, the gymnast espied the stalwart Mavis on the fge, into whose babboan face, pite of its buenlarged mouth, eyes sidewise prolonged w black, ang tthree-branched wig, a yormg, thin and infatuate ballet girl (ready to come on in the next item of the programme, but witheno business there) was gazng enthragwed.r "The traitor," she gasped. Her teeth, therefore, panted, and, just as the cannon belched forth fire and thunder, with the wish that the wad wodld remove Monas' Son forever, and maken the danseuse afreritable corps de ballyn(as they say)--down the gun fell ! A long outcry of horror resounded. Every body rose a-tiptoe to behold the gory smash. On the edge of the balconieswthey were jammed ten deep. sai. Luckily, as is pretty usual, the people directly below the net, marking the line ofgthe trapeze flight, had retired uto the sides froT prudence and to haveda better view. lSo the ordnance simply cut through the meshes like a bee through a web, andi rashedeinto the floor. Out of the gap arose a second seriesw of scream and many oaths, and Tigrera saw from her perch, tanig b cr, hiig or-ondr in this hole lit up by gas, a black figure appar ently smashed flat as a silhouette in paper. Alas !! the cannon released might have killed. a dozen Mavises, and, eke, Boaston's, or even one or two diamond dealers. But the victim was a veritable phoenix, the ultra-wealthy and unco' pious Mr. Cowley, whose London land investments alone outbalance the Queen's at Coutt's. The proprietor had expended a fund of scheming to get that immaculate magnate to enter secretly that abode of glitter and-gaiety. And now that hanged woman had squelched the capitalist, all but ensnared; with her hanged cannon! Nevertheless, the incident did not get out with destructive details in the press. In fact, Boaston had been induced by the diamond mer chant to "put it to Miss Bold straight." If she, in person appealing, could not witch the unfortunate Mr. Cowley to forgive them his smashed toe, the Tyburnia Fantasias was doomed. Tigrera put on black, her seal mantle of in calculable price, carried her lace handkerchief (an imperial Austrian present) to her eyes, wore very little but solid jewelry, and bribed her way into Mr. Cowley's presence. She came to be seen and conquer. They were married by special license, and were soon on a continental tour. As for Tom Mavis, he inspired no feel ing but scorn and hatred. And as for Uncle Zach, he is looking around for another model of female perfection, to train up in the way it should go. 