A N UNFORTUNA TE BL UNDER. Captain Freelance's return to Ravenscroft way quite an event in that little Doitshiro village. The captain was the nephew of Squire Fairfax, of Ravenscroft Hall. The early death of both hit parents had isft bis uncle bis guardian, and it mutt be confessed that the Behavior of the young man did not make that office a sinecure. In fact, both before and after he entered the army young Freelance was as dissipated and reckless a boy as one could well imagine. Squire Fairfax could prophesy no very brilliant future for him, and was re joiced when his coming of age released him from the painfal duties ot guardianship. Scon after ho attained majority, young Freelance's regiment was ordered abroad, and it was now after five years' service in India that tho scape grace returned for a time to his uncle's roof. One can guest with what feelings Squire Fairfax awaited his nephew's arrival. What sort of a man had the dissipated boy tnrned out ? Was he wilder than ever, or had he be come, aa wild boys often do, au unusually steady and sober man ? Would ho come back aged and broken at 27, or young, strong and handsome as he should be? The accounts of his behavior in India which reached Squire Fairfax's ears assisted him nothing in trying to answer these questions. Some had described him as a warning to young mon, others as a model. Whan, then, Captain Freelance was nshered into the study where Squire Fairfax and his only child Emma were waiting his arrival, it was with ill-concealed anxiety that the former rose to greet his guest. Bnt in a moment his anxiety disappeared. Captain Freelance was no longer the worn and dissipated youth his uncle had remembered him. As he stood there, tall and erect, with his broad shoulders, resolute face, and gallant hearing, the squire thought him the very bcau-itlial of a soldier ; there was not a trace in face or manner of de bauched habits or an abandoned life. If his nephew's reformation brought joy to Squire Fairfax, there waa another person in tho village to whom it was extremely un welcome. Strange to say, he who regretted tho young man's desertion of evil ways was the reotor of tho parish. Tho Rov. Dr. Blair, for reasons of his own, did not rejoice over the return of the prodigal nephew. He saw in it the possible dofeat and confusion of all the plans and hopes of his life. Dr. Blair had an only son who had not long returned from the university, where he had dis tinguished himself. He was as unlike his dark-browed, bitter, energetic father as possible. Bale and fair, with a delicate, girlish face and a quiet, gentle manuer, George Blair was the delight and darling of all the ladies, old and young,- for miles around. He was in every way worthy of their esteem. His father had made him his curate, and the thoroughness with which he performed bis duties, and the kindness and thoughtfuiness he displayed in dealing with tho parish poor, won for him re spect and admiration from severer critics than his female friends. Dr. Blair loved his son with a warmth and tenderness surprising in a man so cold and stern ns he. Perhaps this affection was tho one soft spot usuilly to be found in tho hardest natures, or perhaps it was a survival' from a better self. It was said that he saw in the hoy's delicate face and gentie manner a reflex and reproduction of tho wife whom the rector in bis youth had loved with an exceeding passion, and whoso early death had darkened and embittered his life. For his son, the doctor was ambitious. AVbilo George was still a boy, his father had planned a bright future for hira, and every step he af terwards took was adopted with due regard for that plan. Tho lad was to go to the univer sity ; from it lie was to return to Ravens croft ; there he would be his father's curate, and, in proper time, would become tho hus band of the heiress of Squire Fairfax, and suc ceed alike to Raveuscrott estate and Ravens croft living. That George was scarcely a fit mate for Miss Emma Fairfax, and that the Squire might suggest the governess, little Miss Ivyleaf, as a more suitable partner for him, never entered the doctor's bead. It it had, he would probably have scouted it as absurd. In bis estimation, no woman and no future were too good for his handsome, clever boy. AU wont well for a long time. George Blair went to Oxford, and took there a good degree. During his course, he spent his vacations at Ravenscroft, and was a constant guest at the hall, whoro ha was a great favorito with the squire and a greater with Emma. When he became his father's curate the interest and esteem with which he was regarded at the Hall did not diminish. He was there every day, and spent mueh of hie time in giving Emma lessons and in walking with her and her youthful governess, Jliss Ivyleaf. Everything seemed prospering, and tho rector was only waiting till Emma attained her nineteenth year in order to come to an understanding with the Squire, when the approaching arrival of Cap- tain Freelance was announced. For tho first time a fear occurred to Dr. Blair that, after all, his plans might not work out as harmoniously as he had expected. His alarm waa justified. No sooner had Captain Freelance arrived than ho showed symptoms of being attracted by his pretty little cousin. To the doctor's confusion, Emma showed still stronger symptoms of being at tracted by him. She began to neglect Goorge's lessons, and be frequently found himself left to take hi3 walks with Miss Ivyleaf alone. Emma and her cousin seemed to be always to gether, and his military stories, jovial chat, and hearty laugh had an absorbing charm for her. Indeed, in tho matter of wooing, the pale young curate was a poor match for the dashing soldier. When the latter entered into the race for Emma'a hand, George' start counted for little. | As Captain Freelance's success became the more obvious and pronounced, George Blair gradually withdrew from the contest. It was in vain that his father vehemently urged him on, and demandod from him, in his fierce way, if he intended to give up so easily his greatest chance of fortune. The young fellow was not to be encouraged. His spirits fell; his quiet manner became subdued until it was oppres sive ; he grow solitary in his habits and melan choly. He seldom went near tho Hall, and when he did, it was not in Emma's, but in Miss Ivyleat's company that he passed his visit. At last the long expected announcement was made. Captain Freelauco and Miss Emma Fairfax were engaged to bo married. It seemed to como upon George not as a blow, but rather as a relief. For a little time he ap peared to regain his spirits. He tried oven to win back his father's confidence — for his want of courage had created a marked coldness be- tweon them — but the doctor, enraged at the failure of his plans, repulsed him. The young curate, then, after a feeble struggle, fell back into his previous depression. Ho went about his duties melancholy and miserable : and he avoided his stern father, whom ho seemed to regard with terror and approhonsion. It was a week or two after tho engagement was announced that George Blair went one Sunday evening into his father's pulpit to preach. As he ascended the stairs, even in the dim evening light, several of the congrega tion noticed that he was ghastly pale, and that ho seemed to totter' in his gait. He had juBt given out the text, when Be was seen to grasp the cushion before him, as if to Bteady himself. He stood thus in silence for a moment ; then, with a grasp, he reeled back against the etone column behind him and sank down senseless. The wildest confusion prevailed in the church. The men sprang excitedly to their feet and stood staring, uncertain what to do ; the women all screamed, and not a few fainted. Emma was one of the latter, while Miss Ivyleaf, worst of all, went Into a fit, and had to be carried from the church. Dr. Blair and Captain Freelance were the only persons who preserved their presence of mind. With out a moment's hesitation they hurried to the pulpit, and. lilting the unconscious man, bore him to the vestry, where they endeavored to reviVa him. Finding their efforts useless, they sent for the doctor. When he arrived, to the general horror he pronounced life oxtinct. At the inquest which followed tho dootor as signed disease of the heart as the cause of George Blair's death, but he did not seem over confident in his opinion.- He said that the heart was undoubtedly unhealthy, but scarcely in to diseased a condition a9 he should have ex pected. His chief reason apparently for giving it as the cause of death was his inability to discover any other. The jurors, however, were satisfied, and r» turned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. Thecarato's deceaie wrought changes both in the village and. at the Hall. Dr. Blair's Borrow was for a time overwhelming. He shnt himself np, and, refusing to see anyone, aban doned himself to his grief. When at length he emerged from his seclusion he was bitterer and sterner than ever, and loss inclined to mix with his fellow men. Nothing could induce him to visit at the Halt He openly stated that the true cause of his son's death was Emma's heartless desertion of him; and that he be lieved this, the hatred with which ho regarded her and her accepted lover was proof. The whole placa— village, Hall and country— had become abhorrent to him, and he resolved at the first opportunity to leave it for ever. It was to London that ho hoped to go. Amid iis crowds and excitement he trusted to get rid of part of his sorrow. At the Hall tbe chief change wrought by George's death was the departure of the young governess, who had become Emma's companion — Miss Ivyleaf. The fit his dramatic death had brought upon her proved a very sovlous affair. Sho kept hor bed for a week, and when she left it.ihe was as pale and flc3hless as a ghost. After a time, as she showed no signs of im provement, the doctor suggested a change of air. Squire Fairfax, who had como to regard her almost as a daughter, offered to supply whatever money was necessary for as long a stay as needful at any place the doctor should select, and insisted that on her recovery she must return to Emma ; but the young lady declined his kind offer. She had, she said, as much money as she required, and that, if she rocovcred, she hoped that she should see them all again ; but that she could never again be happy at Ravenscroft; It was all that Emma could do to extract from her a promise to write to them, and this promise wae not long kept. A letter or two came to them from Torquay, and then they ceased. And when, a week or so afterwards, the Squire went there to findont the cause of their cessation, he discovorod, to his surprise, that on the day her last letter was posted, Miss Ivyleaf had started for London. Mors than a year had elapsed boforo Dr. Blair got tho transfer he so earnestly desired. Then he was fortunate enough to effect an exchange with a city clergyman. The duties of the new care were not heavy, nor was the income, but Dr. Blair was satisfied with both. The energy which ho had once displayed in the management of his great Ravensworth parish had, for the time being, disappeared ; and tbe desire for wealth, strong enough while his son lived, had died with him. Ho wished only for rest and change, and bis transfer to London gavo him both. But Dr. Blair was not the man to remain idlo long. When his sorrow began to press less heavily npon him his old energy came back. Living as he was in tho centra of tho world, feeling the heart's throb of every great hope and great movement among men, he could not long remain a mere observer. He became interested, and from being interested he became active. He throw himself into movements which won his sympathy, and worked for them with the resolution, ability and resource that had always characterised him. He soon made himself a power in the metropolis — a power to be reckoned with by every one who sought the suffrage or favord of the people. During the half- dozen or more years Dr. Blair was engaged winning this power and position things had advanced at Ravenscroft. Captain Freelance and Emma had married, and a year or two after their marriage the squiro had died. The captain, now wealthy by tho union of his wife's fortune with his own, had abandoned the army, and taking a houso in town had begun to look to Parliament for his future honors. He commenced to frequent political meetings and to develop political opinions. He manifested a sudden interest in the welfare of tho working classes, and bccamo a valiant assailant of their wrongs and grievances. He soon waxed popular, too. His fine, manly appearance, his free and jovial manner, and his dashing style of speak ing made him a favorite at every public meet ing he attended. It was to ho expected, then, that little time would ellipse before some con stituency should ask him to become a candi date. It so happened that several asked him, and the one lie chose was in the metropolis, and in a district where Dr. Blair had won mora than his ordinary influence. While canvassing the constituency in tho expectation of - tho early retirement of tho sitting member, who had been promised the next commissionership in lunacy by the Government, Captain Freelance one night made his way into a meeting whoro Dr. Blair was expounding bis views on some question or other to a large audience. The .captain had heard of Dr. Blair's intluence, and was eager to win it for himself. So tho momontj the doctor had finished his address, Captain Freelance, pushing his way to him, held out his hand in his genial manner, and congratulated liis old friend on bis able speech. Dr. Blair only then saw the captain. Drawing himself back, ho glared at him with a tiger's look, and then, without uttering a word, turned his hack upon him and his proffered hand. With a flush of anger and disappointment on his face, Captain Freelance withdrew from the hall. Ho saw that if the doctor's sorrow for his son's death bad abated, Ills hatred of tho man through whom ho believed it came about had not. Ha felt that ho must count on finding in tho clergyman his bitterest and most able oppo nent. But Captain Freelance was not the man to giva up a doubtful battle. Ha knew that Dr. Blair possessed enormous in fluence in the constituency, but he resolved to defy it. . With an admirable courago and re solve he set about the task of winning tho people's confidence. Meeting after meeting he addressed, house after house ho visited, until he was known to all, and he himself knew nearly all the electors in the placo. Dr. Blair worked bitterly and persistently against him ; he spared no effort to injuro hira ; and yot, in spite of all his exertions, ho waa enraged and mortified to find the candidate gain in popular favor every day. The clergyman's exasperation and chagrin were extreme, but ho resolved in his determined, relentless way that before long, in some way or othor, ho wonld havo au ample revenge. Among other things, Dr. Blair was a momber of the School Board. He took a deep interest in education, and was stern and inflexible in his enforcement of the education law. In this direction his seve rity often ' brought him into conflict with popular feoling, and no greater proof of his ability and energy could bo given than that, in spite of this, his influence remained unshaken and unimpaired. It wus soon aftor tho passing of the new in quisitorial rules as to tho examination of parents unable to pay school fees that Dr. Blair was presiding at a moot ing of school managers to examino parents. Two or three wretched per sons had appeared and stated the reasons why they could not pay. They had been all severely cross-examined by Dr. Blair. Tho next to appear w us a miserable, poorly-olad, yet still ladylike looking woman. The moment Dr. Blair's eyes fell upon her, he started with surprise, and it waa a little time before he could compose himself sufficiently to begin to question her. She seemed amazed and terribly unnerved by tho sight of him. "Well, Mrs. Leaf," ho begau, "you want exemption for your boy George, aged nino years ?" "Yes, sir," she gasped out with a shudder. " Where's the father?" Mrs. Leaf flushed crimson 'for a moment. Then, hesitatingly, Bhe muttered — " Dead ! " " Do not try to deceive me," cried Dr. Blair, in his severest tone. "Your boy's father is not dead. I know you, and I know him. Ho can be compelled to support bis child, and as long as you refuse to take mcasnres to compel him to do so, we must and will refuse to per mit the boy to bo schooled at tho expense of decent people." Mrs. Leaf, who had been pale and dis concerted from tha moment she saw Dr. Blair, grew paler whilo she was being , questioned- She listened to Dr. Blair's severe speech in a dazed way, with downcast las When ha had finished she took a step to leave the room. Bat the shock had been too great for bar. . Before she could reach the door she sank down on the floor fainting. ' All along the other gentlemen present had been discontented with Dr. Blair's severity. Some of them had mattered their dissent from his. decisions in previous cases, but they were afraid to state boldly what they thought— the clergyman was such a terrible antagonist when be was crossed. His conduot, however, towards Mrs. Leaf drove them to desperation, and made them reckless. They revolted against himjin a body. " This is too bad ! " cried one. 11 1 should say it is !" said another. " I thini it little short of downright cruelty." " I"U stand it no more ! " exclaimed a third. " I'm — I'm blessed if I will I don't care wh( it is.'.' Dr. Blair felt himself that he had gone a litth bit too far, bnt be was too astute to admit this. Without uttering a word, he glancei round the- mansgers. They became silunt be neath the look of his fierce black eyes. The) he deigned to speak. " Gentlemen, before you judgo me,' he said, " you might, perhaps, hear what I have to say. I know that woman. Bhe used to be Mrs. Freelance's governess," The managers glanced at one another a little surprised. One of them, however, a Mr. Farther, who was one of Captain Freelance's committee, feeling that something derogatory to his candidate Was intended, asked, " Well, and what of that?" " What of that 1" exclaimed Dr. Blair, for getting discretion in his exultation. "Why thisi That woman is his viotira ! Listen, gentlemen ; just ten yearsago Captain Freelance came from India to his uncle, Squiro Fairfax's. This woman was then governess there to the Squire's daughter, and Freelance's future wife. Some months after his arrival every one noticed Miss Ivylsaf was looking ill— after tho captain's engagement was announced she became ill. When she recovered a bit she loft the squire's and nothing more was heard of her until to day. Now the boy is nino years old ; he must have been born some months after she left Squire Fairfax's ; the only young man about Squiro Fairfax's was Captain Freelance. Can you doubt the conclusion ? Captain Freelanca is her child's father." Tho managers looked at one another. Tha case cortainly looked black. "I don't believe it," said Mr. Fartiier. "Captain Freelance would be incapable of abandoning a girl under such circumstances to poverty." " Then get her to clear his reputation. Get her to tell who the boy's father is." " So I will," said Mr. Farther, doggedly. He felt very shnky to his friend s innocence but then, unless tbe affair was cleared up tbe captain's reputation was gone. If ho were guilty, the truth could do him no tnoro harm than would bo done by allowing things to re main as they now were. Miss Ivyleaf by this time was, under the care of the porter, beginniug to recovor. When she had regained her senses Bhe was brought hack into tho room, and Mr. Farther commenced to question ber in a gentle tone. " Mrs. Leaf, ' he said, "it is of the greatest importance that we should know tho namo ol your child's fnthor." "But lie's dead," murmured Miss Ivvleaf glancing at Dr. Blair in a terrified manner. "That doesn't matter," said Mr. Farther " It is neesBsary we should know his name Tell mo, now, is Captain Freelance the man i" " No, no !" exclaimed Miss Ivyleaf, n ap. parent surprise. "Don't tell us falsehoods?" broke in Dr. Blair, fiercely, "If Captain Freelance is not the man, who is ? " ..." 1!", lHa<? 1 assure yon he's dead." said Miss Ivyleaf, imploringly. " Dead or alive, what's his namo ? Who was he! . Miss Ivyleaf looked at the doctor. Her terror seemed to give her a kind of courage. "He was your son," sho said," in a low voice. " What," shouted.' Dr. Blair. How dare you— " Horo ho is, sir," interrupted the porter, as he led iuto the room Miss Ivyloaf's ragged boy. At the sight of tho lad the doctor's angry words died away on. his lips. He saw before him tlie very imago of George Blair, as ho re membered him 30 years ago. — Truth. 