THE COMING- SESSION iiMD ITS.]! Jjr December list 1&-; Baffler, th6 i Sculptor of JBaris, ,determined ?to ioi» molate a deputy on the altar of his' country, and forjlhg^cp^^" M. Gtertnain - CasBe.jsiniply because it < waa he for whomKe had yoted at tw upj'hxa fust 8tep.«af&o; orders eword stick df one of the best Paris makers; i}is. having .found inm^thomej tsi go ani When the flunBuspeeting 1 came out at his injft |liberatelj^tabj^ed hjm. W&eniaslc; jjl hid • ~ ? 4 '""4 l^rime, he " said he^ had no personal aniknosityvjegainst his victim, butthat alf^iticg-'irore- not -advancing as he should like to see them do lie thought j jt would be well to kill one deputy to teach the others how to live. In justification of his act he quoted the laxitn of 4§aint Just, " Those who goyern ill must be slain."' If; such a doctrine found favor in . South Austra lia just now, and there were men suffi cient of the 'staihp of Ml Baffler, what a number of vacancies there would b e in a very short time ! Judging from the published sports of meetings that have been held by- different sections of ItheHouse, not one thought has been devoted to the present unfortunate condition of the colony. . We are told that the first question to be settled is the Becurihjg of adequate remunera tion to the respective" members for the services they, intend to render the country. The Government-were not inclined to make it a part of their I policy, but they in turn, feeling that it is better to sacrifice anything rather than their seats, stultify themselves and give in to the wish of an alleged majority. During the last few weeks of the last session of the previous Parliament there was a strong feeling existing that the beBt course to adopt .was to go at once to the country, and after the election of the new Parlia ment to have a short session for the | sole purpose' of putting the finances on a sound footing. Mr Kingston tabled a motion with that view, and it was only lost: by one vote, although the Ministry had the support of those members who did not intend to re-offer themselves, and who had nothing to gain by such a course. During the electioneering campaign the constitu ences gave untnistakeable proof that they favored this opinion. But minis try and private members seem to have been alike oblivious of the wishes of the electors. The former made no attempt to hurry on the business The several Ministers in turn have been doing excursions about different parts, and it is pretty certain that had there not been an outcry, chiefly by the press, the House would not have been called together until the 9th of "June. As it is they meet a week later than last year; and as the Jubilee celebration intervenes, it is pretty certain that the iir&t; month will be wasted. When the House rose last year we had a deficit of from eight to nine hundred thousand ' pounds When the elections came on it had increased to £1,040,000, and there is every prospecttbat the end of the finan cial year will see that deficit increased to something like£1,200,000/ iStill this is not sufficient to awake some mem bers to a sense of their duty. Jt does seem marvellous/ having in view the utter incapacity of the present Govern ment, that there are members still to be found who will say that they are waiting toseewhat the Ministry pro pose before they decide upon a coarse of action. Why, for the past three years it has been proved to a demon stration that the Downer-e«w»-Bray Cabinet has never done anything but what has been pressed upon them by the House, and they are not likely to improve in this respect. The actions of the Ministry during the past few weeks has served to Show how near the mark we were when we affirmed that the Premier in leav ing when he did had no object in view but the gratification of his own selfish ends, otherwise he would not have deserted his post at a time when 'his- ^presence was so much needed And, as subsequent events have proved, he left before they had attempted to decide upon any line of polioy. If there is any who will deny this let them remember that when Mr Bray gave his statement in the Town Hall, and, subsequently at Gawler, the Ministry proposed a property tax as the meana of raising the additional revenue required. They proposed to treat Payment of Members as an open question, and would not include it in the Government pohey. They also declined any, interference with ■ "the tariff, and at first the sale of Crown I Lands was to be opposed. However, I we found, when the Minister of Edu cation was called upon to contest a fresh district, that on several of these points there had been a complete change of front, and even before that Mr Bray had made it abundantly evident that he was prepared to sell land, or anything else. The Property Tax is. apparently ^dropped, and what then have we. to expect in its stead. From this it is evident that the House has little to- expect from the Government/and as there appears to be. to keep the present men on1 the Benches at all hazards, then it is certainly the duty of members to set aiwut tryingijO; discover a remedy for ■existing evils. Had • a deputation waited Tippn, the Ministry and re ceived-the assurance that the first work tpr b£ undertaken was that of stopping the increase of our - deficit, and th&t; nothing else would he uiider |i£ftken .until that: was, disposed of, it wbuldhave been'much fnore; satisfac factory than to ififtd^that- hen. members, like the Ministry, seek first tojriake themselves ,safe,, trusting to what may turn * op - subsequently for i^yment of Members,'or to certain forms of Protection, bub we maintain that both should be subordinate to thk question of adjusting the finan ces, and those who think otherwise! are unworthy the position to which pon fiding electors have appointed thgfri. Haitian d Phujh abmoni o Society. —It will be seen by our advertising columns to-day that' "Root's beautiful cantata The Hay makers," will be given by the above Society, (in character) on the 1st-of June, in aid of the Institute building fund. As the cantata h£B never been given onJW Peninsula, before we iiave nodoubt many will av&il; tlMifBelv&s; p£:tbe opportunity qf;{being ..presenton the fevemng in'queBtlon.'•'r' ; Jubilee Celebration- at Kadina.—At the preliminary meeting held at Kadina on Thursday last a sub-committee was appointed to draw up a programme a meeting to be held to-morrow uight. We understand the committee has done their worlc, and the adjourned meeting will be held in tbe Council Chamber to-morrow (Thurs day}. evening, when tbe Mayor hopes to see a large attendance ofcitizens. PiyiEENi op Membehs.— In our Satur day's issue a telegram was published stating that Messrs Kingston, Burgoyne and Caff, bad waited upon tbe Acting- Premier, and asked on behalf of 30 members of tbe House that Payment of Members form part of the Government Policy. An informal Cabinet meeting waB held and it was understood that, the Ministry would yield. On Monday the Cabinet considered tbe question , finally, and in the afternoon an answer was sent to the deputation of Friday stating that the Govern ment had agreed to the request. Gbbican Ghosts.—The London Graphic Feb 26, says :—" Prince .Bismarck's estate of Friedrichsruke, in Jjauenberg, Northern Prussia, is troubled by ghosts. Most mysteri ous noises and visions Wunt ono of the Chief Foresters lodges; -flaming swords strangely appear, and spirits rap alt over the house, so that the neighbouring peasants are in abject terror, believing tbe signs to imply impending war and misery. Crowds from the country around hover about tbe Jodge to watch tbe manifestations, and the whole place is demora lised." By this it will be seen that the Cradock people do not stand alone, but have the distinguished company of an employe of the German Chancellor. Tempebance Meeting.—A temperance meeting was held in the Primitive Methodist Church, Wallaroo Mines, on Wednesday even ing last. There was a large audience, and considerable interest and enthusiusiu was evi denced. The President of the Society (Mr C. frenbertb) occupied the chair, a.nd intro duced the various performers who contributed recitations, dialogues, dramas, &c.;, in a very creditable manner. A brief address was also given by the Rev. W. Jarrett, and the choir, with Miss Penhall at the organ, added much to the enjoyment of the meeting. The meet ings are to be held monthly, and judging from the first one they will be very success ful. —Musicai and EloccsionaeyCompetition. Sir John Mitchell may be congratulated upon the success of tbe musical and elocutionary contest which camo off in Kadina on Tuesday evening. The musical competition was between the Kadina and Moonta Mines Wesleyan Sunday School choirs, and the latter carried off all the honors except solo singing, which was taken by Miss Jane Opie, for the Kadina choir. The reciting was con fined to children (in two divisions) under 13 and 11 j-eave. In the first, Miss May Davies, of Wallaroo, was first, a"d Master Willmott, of Wallaroo, and Mi^s Rendell, Kadina, tied ! for second place. For the junior division, j Miss May Farrow took first prize, and Mies Tippett second. Fuller particulars will ap pear in our next. Cunabd's Specialty Union.—This com pany will give two ot their performances mi Tuesday, May 31 and June 1, in the'Wallaroo Institute. Judging from the manner in which the Adelaide press speaks of Cunard's Com pany and the Faust Family there is really something in store. We urc givcu to under stand that the Faust Family are something marvellous to witness. They are first class musicians, acrobats and daucers. But what the City press seem to speak so favorably of is their wonderful grouping in statuary, wbich is considerably enhanced with powerful pris matic effects. We are also informed that they have in Herr Yon Der Mchden a really fine cornet soloist. The same Company per forms in the Kadina Institute on Thursday and Friday June 2 and 3. Giownre Accounts prom Tewtbxpa.—Mr i A. S. Bleeohmore, of Teetulpa, now bu a visit to the city, Bpoke in a most glowing strain of the richness of the reefs at Teetulpa, in con versation with our (Register) Port reporter on Monday. There is a deal of sinking being done on the field, and tbe prospeots are ex ceedingly bright. Tbe want of crushers, how ever, is badly seen in the quantity of ore at grass, and one cannot beip regretting the ab sence of enterprise on the part of capitalists. " The further you go down," says Mr Bleech more, " the wider the reefs get. There is money enough there to pay the national debt. There is also a lot of gold being got from the alluvial, but the reason you see a faMing-off in purchases by the Bank is that most of the publicans have gold scales, and many diggers pjfill to them.. ..The publicans on.the field are doing. very well." The French Cbisis.—English telegrams state that M. Grevy, President ef France, has not yet succeeded in securing a Premier. M. de Freycinet and M. Rouvier haye both defi nitely declined to undertake the formation of a Cabinet, and with regard to M. Clemenceau, M. Grevy, although pressed to do so, has declined to summon him. It is understood that M. Clemenceau, who is the leader of the Radical party, is qui'-e willing to form a Ministry, but would choose decidedly Radical colleagues. It is now considered quite certain that General Boulapger will be retained as Minister for War in auy Cabinet that may be formed. A considerable setosation has been cansed throughout tbe Continent, and especi ally in France, owing to the publication by General Leflo of a series of despatches,..which show that during the scare which existed in 1875 about the possibility of another war be tween France and Germany the Czar of Russia maintained an attitude of sympathy towards France. Special Sektice fob the Young.—The above was the title of tbe service held at Moonta Mines last Sunday afternoon, in con nection with the Sunday school of the Wesleyan Church. Tbis was the day appoin ted to deliver the prizes to the scholars. There was a large gathering of the yocng people, as 'well as of parents. The service was held; in the church and not in the lecture hall where the school is conducted on ordinary occasions. The Rev John Lloyd, of Wallaroo, was specially invited to preach the 6ermon. MrLlojd took the three Hebrew heroes as his subject and succeeded in gaining the attention of the young people as well as of the old in the way he dealt with the teubject. The Rev Mr Potts was also present and conducted the devoyotional part of the service, and at the close ga»e away this prizes, consisting of a luge number of Very valuable books. The large and well. trained choir was also in attendance and rendered valuable service. The IjATE Capt. W. Snell.—A very large congregation assembled in the Primitive Methodist Chu<*ch, Kadina, on Sunday even ing last, the occasion being a funeral service for the late Capt. Wm. Snell, who for many years has been a much respected resident ot the town. The pastor of the Church (Rev. W. Jarrett) -a&iiducted; the tfervice, which was; deeply impressive throughout. The revi ^gentleman took for hw text Revel ations xiy. 13, end ifa effective manner spoke of the future .bleSB&lniBBS; oF-those who diein the liord, and exhorted his hearers to seek the way of truth, sp that the experience aiid blessedness of the departed might be theirs. The ehoir, with Mr Stookerpresiding at the organ, rendered tfae'mueicai part of the service in an exceedingly impressive manner. During, the service' Mr Stocker played the Dead Mar^h ia ■ Saul" and at' tbe-lolose " Pope's Ode " was rendered. The large andi ence,~«nd the clbse attention paid" throughout the service testified to the high 'eflteem in . which thedeceasfed gentleman was held,and tbe deepest sy mpathy was ^expressed with the bereaved members of tbe family. Ii ATTNCH OF ASOTHBB MOSSIKB IRONCLAD. —Op thev^ftemotm; of ' April 9, in the j^Bencp/ofiBorettiin 100,000 speofcfttore, the monBt»r armour-clad war vessel V ictoria, the heaviest ever successfully floated, was launched from the Elewick shipyard of §|f Armstrong, Mitchell & Co. (Limited.) The vessel was. to have been,,named the Renown, bufc;th« same, io compliment, to the Queen, .was* altered ■ to the Victoria. Others are ;being built on the Thames, on the Clyde, at Hull and at Jjarrow, foot the Victoria is the largest,, and Will «ost about £750,000 when completed. Tfte follo wing are the dimensions of the yeseel r—terigth, 340 feet ; breadth, ^70 feet 6 inches ; mean draft, 26 feet 9 inches ; displacement in tons, 10,500; horse power, 12,000. She1 is-'protected by armour 18 inches thickj and will be armed with two 110 ton gUns,12 six-inch guns, and about 30 smaller gunB.^ The Victoria.also, possesses, a powerful torpado.qttaclf. She glided into the water BracefBlly^after havirjg been christened ) wife of tbie Secretary, to. the Admiralty, Mr Norwood, M.P. Lord Charles SereBford was .present, and also Mr W. £> White, Chief Constructor of the Navy: The Queen and Mb Gladstone.—The Queen's dislike of Mr Gladstone dates from 1S68 (says the St. {Stephen's Gazette), and thereby hangs avery pretty tale. The Bill for the Disestablishment of the Irish Church having passed .through Parliament, only re quired the sovereign's mandate to become law. : It chanced that Mr Gladstone repaired to | Windsor on the day that, the Bill was for- i warded for signature, and was admitted to audience with the Queen. As is well known, | Her Majesty was averse to the essential prin ciples of the Bill, and, while willing to con cede reform^ was strenuously opposed to the Disestablishment of the Irish Church. She expressed this much to Mr Gladstone, and, as the Premier thought, showed great reluctance to ; affix her signature to the Bill. In his < eagerness Mr Gladstone blurted out " But, madam, you must sign." The Queen flushed, and rejoined with marked indignation, " Sir, do you know who l am?" •' Yes, madam, the Queen of England. But does jour Majesty know who I am ? I am the people of .England." It is needless to say that the Queen summarily brought the audience to a close, and in s few curt words dismissed her Prime Minister, and bade him learn better manners. Since then she has scarcely made any pretenoe of concealing her personal anti pathy to the " Grand Old Man." Willie Steel.—Many of our readers wi'l remember some years ago receiving a visit from Willie Steel, who styled himself the Loyal Scotch Temperance Minstrel, who had succeeded ill traversing all the colonies, push ing in front of him a wheelbarrow painted in gaudy colors. The barrow was Willie's great est pride, and it was iadcn with curiosities which ho had collected during his travels, notably from New Zealand. Willie used to compose and Bing his own songs, and alto gether was quite an original character. His old acquaintances will regret to hear that misfortune has overtaken the Minstrel. A irieud in Wallaroo lias received a letter from him. Ho is now in Illabo (N S.W.) He write* : " Permit me to inform you of my loss on the 18th of September last, when I lost my renowned wheelbarrow and all my New Zealand relics—everything I possessed except what I was wearing at the time of this, to me, unfortunate fire. After struggling for fifteen Tears it is hard to be now left destitute.' Bfewever, God's hand guides and rules all the events and trials of his own be loved people.... I trust you will remember me to my old and kind friends in South AuBtra . lia. The prtjss of New Sonth Wales has aaid little or nothing about my sore misfortune. I am now 59 years of age (tbif, May 15, beiug my birthday). I can assure you it is hard to be left in utter poverty after travelling for 14 years in Australia. The Fiest Paeliament of Nbw South: Wales.—A Register telegram from Sydney on Monday says:—A memorial banquet, tendered by the Premier to-night to the surviving members of the first Parliament of New South Wales, was attended by fifteen, prominent colonists. That Parliament, which wmb opened on May 22, 1856, and dissolved on December 19, 1857, numbered sixty-three members, eight of them being returned to fill extraordinary vacancies during the curreucy of the Parliament. Of this number forty three are deceased. Those who are still living, some of them being in England, sre Sir Daniel Cooper, Hon. G. H. Cox, M.L.C., His Honor Mr Justice Faucett, Hon. Edward Flood, M.L(C., Mr James Garland, Mr Richard Ha'gruv®, Sir John Hay, Mr A. T. Holroyd, Mr Thomas Holt, Mr Richard Jones, fciir George Macleay, Hon. William Macleay, M.L.C., His Honor Sir William Mannini, Mr John Norton Oxley, Sir Henry Parkee, Hon. W. R. Piddington, M.L.C., Hon. J. Ricliardton, M.L.C., Sir John Robertson, Mr F. T. Rusden, and the Right Hon. W. B. Dalley. As the dinner was an historical one the toast-list was different from what is ordinarily seen. Except; in the case of the toast of " The Queen," those who attended the dinner did drink not to toasts, but to seutiiaents. The principal sentiment —" The Memorial of the Dead"—was pro posod by S the Right Hon. W. B. Dalley. A New Repeating Rifle.—A repeating rifle of English invention and manufacture, wherewith British infantr? may be able to take the field on level termB with continental troops, is abo^t to be subjected to trial with a view to its adoption by our troops. Of this new rifle (says an English exchange) many experts and military officers of great praotical experience in modern warfare expresB the highest opinion, noting that it meets all the conditions * iarpo8ed~by " the most advanced tacticians. This new weapon has the diB tinotive merit of being always a repeating rifle, in the sense-that even while being used as a single-shooting breechloader it is capable of discharging -three shots in rapid succession without the necessity for the marksman to pause for the purpose of reloading in the interval. All this is. managed without any unsightly projections on the rifle or materially increasing its weight, and by mechanism so simple tbat -: when tried' in the presence of several practical soldiers the breech action could not be "jammed" by any means their ! ingenuity or experience suggested. "A hopper j attachment has been devised by the inventor, so that the weapon can be instantaneously con verted into a magazine rifle, capable of firing eight shots tit rapid succession at the critical moment. These hoppers are made of thin tin weighing less than two cartridges, and by a simple contrivance they can be fixed for use by a single motion of the hand. When empty one canbe thrown away and replaced by anotlierfromthesoldier'spouch. Atin hopper containing five rounds is packed with five loose cartridges, so that the soldier has always at command the ammunition both for a -Bingle-loader-"and -ior- a magazine-.rifle. In" actual trial the new repeater has fired no less than thirty shots a minute when the hoppers have been UBod, and very little practice is re quired before any fairly well-drilled" soldier can master its manipulation. The inventor of this formidable weapob 'is Mr Ricliard Morris, whose other improvements in small-arms are already well known throughout the British army. . ,. Football:—=Tbe first match between the Young Turks of Moonta and the Kadins Club was played yesterday, on the ground of the latter. Both clubs placed a strong team in the field, ahd the game was yery evenly contested. The Kadinas won the toss, and elected to kick towards the eastern goal, with a'islight breeze in their favor. After the ball was started, both sides were soon Btrivine to assume the lead, and the Eadinos For a short' while held more than their own, but owing to the. superior .snanner in which the Turks played together prevented the home team from scoring. {;;After quarter time, the visitors by combined action, and especially by little marking, were continually assaulting the Kadinas'citadel. Mitchell relieved (ime after time'iria^&rifilniantier;, hut the Turks only' ' returned with increased vigor. One of their players obtained a mark, and safely , piloted the ball through "the goal poBts, but was not allowed, as the half-tim'e bell rang before the ball had been kicked. -The Turks are to -he . congratulated-fw the manner in, which they ' received the umpire's decision: After the usual^respite the visitors were the first to get on the ball, theiirtfpllowers doing some grand . , work. The hall travelled all over the ground, > owing to the exeHi6nsbf the Kadinas' cehtre men, the ball at last got into the Turks' ter ritory,, and as the ball was rolling, Rodda ■ kicked a lucky goal.' The visitors returned to die assault alter-t|ie kick off, and the game waa?* the third quaVter theTarks played "yery * determinedly, and at once made matters very lively for the-homo: team,'and succeeded iaj obtaining a number of behind* to their score. After .a number of bbanoeB had - been missed, Pascoe,out of a scrimmage, kicked a flaky goal lor the Turks, ^affiidfet; great.. cheering from their partisans. B»th teams vers now on their mettle,-and they did thejr utmost to obtain another ■ goal, .'Itmt, unfortunately, some rough play: was indulged in by both sides. The final result was ae follows :— Young Turks, 1 goal 10 behinde; Kadina, 1 goal 2 behinds. Tho game Was prominent for the absence of any iilfeeling and disputes, Mr Parquhar made a yery fair umpire. Moonta A. H. and F. Society.—A general meeting of subscribers to this society was held on Friday, May 20, in the Council Chamber. The attendance was moderate. In the absence of the President (Captain Hancock), Mr W. H. Wilkinson, Vice-President, occupied the chair. The Treasurer (Mr Hughes) read the financial report, which was adopted on the motion of Dr James. The receipts allowed a considerable falling off as compared with pre- vious year, the difference being £70 18s 5d and the deficiency on the twelve months' transac- tions £40. The Treasurer started with a credit balance of £151 14s 6d, and received Govern ment subsidy, £43 ; subscriptions, £87 ; en- trance money, £97 19s 6d ; booths, &c.;, £15 Is 10d, making a total of £403 4s 8d.' The disbursmentswere—prize money, £234 14s 6d (including juveniles' list, £15 6s) ; secretary and advertising, £44 18s; judges and refresh- ments, £18 8s Id , band and labor, £19 6s ; sundries, £2 14s 11d. leaving a balance of £83 3s 2d, which, with subsidy for year end- ing 31st Dec. of £69 9a 2d, will leave a bank balance of £152 12s 4d. Mr W. B Stacy's notice of motion—"That sheep exhibited must be bred or have been on the Peninsula six months," was carried after a shor* discussion. The officers for the year were then appointed —President, H. R. Hancock, Esq., J.P. Vice-presidents, Dr James, J.P. and Mr W. H. Wilkinson, J.P.; Treasurer, Mr J. W. Hughes ; Auditors, Messrs T. M. Warn and J. M. Symons. With the view of having a workable Committee instead of including all subscribers of half a guinea and upwards, a resolution, moved by Mr Uffindell, and sec- onded by Dr James, that the committee of management consist of ten members, was car- ried. But after the nomination of twenty- five gentlemen, it was re-considered so as to embrace members from every part of the dis- trict and exhibitors under each section. The result was that the following were appointed with the executive committee .—Messrs A. Marshall, W. B. Stacy, Uffindell, But- son, Lathern, Hilton, H. Fuss, Free- man, Richardson, J. Jeffrey, Beaglehole, Bawden, Kitto, Grummet, Butterfield. Whennan, T. Jones, jun., J. and P. Roach, W. H. M. Williams, and G. F. W. Marshall, Dr Archer, Captains Deeble, Barkla and Cowling. The prize list was considered and a few unimportant alterations made. In Section A several attempts were made to strike out cape barley and oats, and add the amount to the wheat prize, without success. It was de- cided to define green fodder by adding the words "green wheat or barley." In section B it was resolved that all entires exhibited must be three years old or over to compete. On the motion of Mr Stacy prizes of £1 and 10s for pony mares (under 14 hands} in foal or foal at foot were agreed to. In the poultry section, pigeons of all classes were struck out. Mowers and stringbinders were added in sec- tion F, prizes of £2 and £l for a field trial. A motion for a reduction of ten per cent by Mr Richardson was lost. In section G, three classes were struck out—112,121-2,130-1-2 —to be awarded certificates of merit. The juvenile section was left to the Committee, Sections K and L to have foot-note added— "Any tree taking prize three successive years to be disqualified." Mr Uffindell proposed and Mr Hughes seconded, " That it is desir- able to fix the boundary of the show, and that it be a recommendation for the next meeting to decide." Carried. It was resolved to hold the show on October 12. This closed the business and the chairman was accorded a vote of thanks. Death: of Ma Harold Downee.—With 1 deep regret, which will be felt by alt the mem- | bero of the legal profession in South Australia we announce the death of Mr Harold Field' I Downer, the youngest of the four Downer ] brothers, who have long occupied leading pos itions in Jeeal and political life in the colony. ' The sad event was not unexpected, for it bad been apparent to the friends of deceased for j some months past that in 'spite of the best ! medical aid he was gradually Buccumbin<* to consumption. On Monday morning, about ! Qrfsltliik, in the homy where he resided with ' his sisters on North-terrace," he breathed his last. Deceased's character and disposition were such that he was admired and beloved by all who had the pleaeure of his friendship and legal assistance. He was a South Aus tralian born, and from early obildhooJ up tiJJ 12 or 13 years of ace he was educated by Mr Haire, B. A. He was then sent to St Peter's College, where lie soon distinguished himself taking honors in classics and mathuietice. In 1 the competitive examinations which were in- I augurated by Sir R. G. MacDonnell, C.B. and open to the colony generally, Mr Harold Downer was also *ery successful. On leaving St. Peter's ho went to Cambridge for about twelve months. Returning to the colony he was articled to his brother, Mr JL. G Downer, solicitor, and about nine years ago was admitted to the Bar. Since then he has by his marked ability as a pleader, his rare acumen in discovering the meaning of difficult passages in law-books, his splendid endow ments as a logician, and his uniform courtesy and retiring manners earned golden opinions from the Bench, and the unwavering esteem and goodwill of his colleagues. It is almost unaeueasaryto say that <, for several years past his services have bee$ sought in connec tion with eyery important case that has been before the Supreme Court. Recently he took^ part in the Thow enquiry, and *he criminal trials of Barton and Lyall, while his addresses in the civil action of Laffan v Graves were described by the Chief Justice as being unsurpassed for force of argument in the annals of the Bar in this colony. His exceedingly heavy labours over the Thow enquiry were carried on after he had been medically advised to take rest and change. At the conclusion of the ease he went to England for the benefit of Lis health, and remained away for about a year. At the advice of Sir Andrew Clark he took a trip to Switzerland, and while there made the asoent I of Moat Blanc at a perilous time,-early in the spring,, and got one of his feet frostbitten. This necessitated his immediate return to London, where he had to remain indoors for about three months. On landing in South Australia he appeared rather the worse for the change he had taken ,- but the spirit was undaunted, and he brought all his strength into the resumption of his legal woik. Up to the last he could not be persuaded to cease labour, and. eyen within the past few days solicitors have had professional consultations •with him. On Thursday he took a driye .about town, and went home feeling very ! much weakened'. Dr Corbin, his ' medical j adviser, some time ago made hina aware of j his dangeirous Condition, and a consultation by Dr Davies Thomas and Dr Corbin was "held regarding him at the instance of bis .friends a; few weeks back. The death will strike the community with a feeling of peculiarly profound regret, as Mr H. F Downer was only 39 fears of age, and'had the prom iBa before him up till two or three years ago, when Big.is of Jus fatal illness first began to appear, of occuping a brilliant position in the Australias. In addition to his three brothers to whom allusion has been made, his brother is Mr Charles Downer, of Woodville. Every one will sympathize with his surviving relations, and especially with the Premier (Sir J. W. Downer, Q.C.), who' is at present returning from England, on the severe loss they have sustained. The funeral takes plaoe to-, morrow (Wednesday) afternoon.—Register* 