THE CONSECRATION OF ST. JOHN'S CHURCH. The ceremony of consecrating the new Church of St. John was performed on Thurs- day, October 6, by Dr. Kennion, the Anglican Bishop of Adelaide. At 11 o'clock a proces- sion, consisting of many clergymen from different parts of the colony, and the choir, was formed, and marched round the Church to the main entrance, preceding the Bishop, who was attended by his chaplains, the Rev. B. C Stephenson, bearing his crozier, and the Rev. H. J. Freeland. On arriving at the main porch a petition was presented to Dr. Kennion, praying him to consecrate the Church in the usual form. The Bishop acceded to the prayer of the petition and proceeded to the chancel, where the Church of England service for the con- secration of a new Church was performed. Mr. A. Sturke (the Registrar of the Diocese) then read the sentence of the consecration, and the Bishop said, "I declare this Church of St. John to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever and ever in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Special music was rendered by the choir, and the lessons were read by Canon Dendy and Canon Coombs. The epistle was read by Archdeacon Dove and the gospel by Archdeacon Morse. Canon Poole intoned the service, and the Bishop acted as celebrant. The clergymen who attended in addition to those mentioned were Canons Andrews, Green, Whitington, and French, the Revs. W. H. Mudie, J. W. Owen, F. T. Macguire, S. F. J. Borrow, R. B. Webb, A. Honner, P. B. P. Dodds, H. M. Pollitt, C. S. Beau- mont, E. Kenny, and E. T. Matthews. The interior of the Church was decorated with flowers and boughs, and although the walls still bore a damp appearance, the Church looked exceedingly neat and comfortable. Provision has been made for the choir in the large chancel, the organ having been fitted up in a sort of anteroom, and the choristers occupied the seats permanently allotted to them. Mr. Bruer presided at the organ, and the music was agreeably well rendered. Nearly every seat in the Church was occu- pied, and those present were greatly pleased with the elegant architectural features of the building, which we believe is the third largest Anglican Church in the city. Dr. Kennion delivered a short sermon, which was based on the words con- tained in Ezra v. 11. In the course of an eloquent address, Dr. Kennion said that the work that would be carried out in that Church was a part of the work supported in the grand old Church of England. The attacks made on it some years ago to prove that it only came into existence after the Reformation had resulted in conclusively showing that it was the Church that was originally founded when Christianity was in- troduced to England. Professor Freeman had mentioned that there was nothing show- ing that the State had taken property from any one Church and endowed another with it. It was the same work continued, and he hoped it would be continued in that Church, and throughout this colony in the same way. The revival of Church worship and the restoration of many old Churches in England was in his mind a sign that the work of God was being carried on in the same lines, and that tha people were actuated by the same spirit that actuated the Jews in restoring the temple. The fact that that handsome Church had been finished and consecrated in so short a time showed that the spiritual life in the Diocese was very active. He hoped that it would continue, and that its future would show that they were able to echo the words of the text. At the conclusion some of the congregation partook of the Holy Communion, and the service was over just before 2 o'clock. THE LUNCHEON. About 120 ladies and gentlemen and the choristers attended the luncheon in the schoolroom. The incumbent (Canon F. Slaney Poole, M.A.) occupied the chair, having on his right Dr. Kennion, the Bishop, and on his left His Honor the Chief Justice. "The Queen" having been given, the Chair man submitted the "Health of the Bishop and the Clergy of the Diocese." He had re- ceived much kindness and sympathy from the Bishop and clergy, and although it was said that a clergyman who praised his Bishop to his face had some deeper purpose, he would run the risk in consideration of the kindness that had always been shown him. During the building of the Mission Church of St. John in Moore-street he had had a good opportunity of witnessing the enthusiasm of the Bishop, and in thanking him for it he hoped that in his care for the parent Church he would not now forget the infant. (Hear, hear.) There was a time when he looked forward to being a Bishop some day — he supposed every young clergyman had the same feeling at one time of his life — but he honestly confessed that the inteimate knowledge he had got of the Bishop's duties and trials had led him to give up all ideas of a Bishopric. (Laughter.) He was friendly with all the clergy, and he was proud of it, because they were in every re- spect a true brotherhood. Although they might differ on administration and obser- vance they all had the same object in view — the doing of their Master's work. (Hear, hear.) He hoped the present accord that existed amongst the clergy would long con- tinue. Dr. Kennion, in response to the toast, was received with loud cheers. He said that the happiest and most honourable position in the world was that of a parish priest, and he desired to impress on the parents the fact that there was no higher ideal of life than to be a minister of God. He regretted that during the depression ministers had suffered somewhat ; but although it might somewhat affect their social position, he hoped and was sure that it certainly would not affect their spiritual zeal and their deter- mination to labour for the advancement of God's cause. He complimented Mr. Poole for his zeal and energy in the conduct of his parish, and said that the best proof of his hard work and his unabated zeal for the Master's cause was that he and those associated with him had undertaken the responsibility of erecting such a magnifi- cent structure. He had the pleasure a little while ago of meeting a very eminent gentle man— Dr. Dale. Until he met him he only knew him by repute, but he was extremely pleased with the conversation with Dr. Dale, who had put one or two very pertinent ques- tions which considerably affected the Church. One of these was as to the wisdom of the Church of England obtaining clergymen from England. That was a very difficult ques- tion to answer, and he was unable to do so ; but if he could only impress on the parents to teach their children that there was no better, grander, or nobler aim in life than the Master's service, there would be no need to obtain their clergymen from Eng- land. He was extremely pleased at the completion of the Church, and he hoped that ere long the debt would be wiped out. He then proposed "Success to the incumbent." Canon Poole said he could not too strongly express his gratitude to those present. For about thirteen years he had been Incumbent of St. John's, and thirteen years was a good slice from any life. There were many parishes better organized and in which there were deeper spiritual signs than in his, but he hoped the new Church would have a good effect upon the people. He desired to thank most warmly his fellow-workers in the Church, his committee, and the War- dens, who had worked hard, and to the many kind friends who had helped most unexpectedly and most generously. His friend Mr. Hornabrook kindly undertook to plaster the inside. He also wished to express his indebtedness to the architect and builder for their services. He offered his best thanks for the kindness shown him. Mr. Farr proposed, "The Architect and Builder." Being one of a firm of builders he was in a position to judge of the way the work was carried out, and he could say the architect and builder were to be congratu- lated upon the discharge of their duties. For beauty of design the new Church stood second to none in Adelaide. Mr. Holwell, in reply, said he felt proud of the kind and complimentary remarks which had been made concerning himself and the Church. Mr. Rogers thanked the company heartily. Canon Green proposed "The Visitors," and the Chief Justice acknowledged the toast. He regretted that Sir Alfred Stephen was not present, because he was a visitor to the colony, and would have been better suited to respond. His Honor referred to the friendly feeling existing between the denominations, and said he felt a very great interest in the work of that day. He knew the old Church when it stood in the fields, and he was very sorry that the old specimen of architecture should have disappeared from the street. It was interesting also from an historical point of view. He wished the incumbent and people health and every suc- cess in their new Church, and thanked them heartily for the toast. The gathering then broke up. Apologies were received from the Governor and Mayor. Canon Poole announced that the morning's offertory amounted to £60 4s. 10d. The new Church of St. John presents features of more than ordinary interest in Church architecture, as the design is sym- bolical in every detail, even to the steps leading to the altar, which are made of material of varying value. The windows and indeed almost every inch of the interior is constructed to harmonize with some theo- logical principle. Worshippers will find it extremely interesting to study the symbolic aspect of the design. This peculiarity is not confined to the inside portion of the building. The pointing of the outer face of the walls and the general arrangement of the masonry are evidence of a most careful attention to detail on the part of architect and builder alike. St. John's Church of to-day is a noble structure, and the singular regard for symbols depicted in the building characterizes it as one of the most novel Churches erected in modern days. We have already published full description as furnished by the architect. 