Protest Against Coercion for Ireland. I PUBLIC MEETING IN WEST¿MAITLaND. ,COnijWednesday||ovening a public]'meeting waa held in the School of Arts, West Maitland, to pro- test against the policy of coercion for Ireland. The weather was very unpropitious, as light showers were falling and the streets wore very muddy and the night dark. Notwithstanding these I facts, there was a large attendance, which included I many persons from a distance. The meeting was a | most enthusiastic one. Among those on the plat* ! form were hi« Lordship Dr. Murray, Bishop of Mait- land; the Very Rev. P. Hand, V.G. ; Rev. Fathers Corcoran, P. B. Ryan, Sheehy, Dwyer, and O'Donohue; Messrs. E. W. Doyle, J.P., Gresford} J. J. Callaghan, M. Moroney, P. G. Murphy, New- castle ; J. G. White and P. Bourke, Morpeth ; Dr. Power, Messrs. J. Pritchard, J. D. Miller, M. Murray, J. Enright, Geo. Maher, J. Moriarty, and J. Kessey, West'Maitland. On the motion of Mr. M. Mubbat, the Bishop* of Maitland was moved into the chair. Q, The RightlRev. Dr. Mubbat,! who was received with considerable ]applause, said before he pro- ceeded with the business of the meeting he had to apologise for the absence of one gentleman holding a high position in Maitland. He referred to Mr. Robert Hydnes, late Mayor of the town, who had asked him to apologise for his absence. They wore all aware that Mr. Hyndes' health had been impaired of late, and in consequence of the inaus- picious weathor, it was not advisable for him to be out that evening, otherwise he would have been there. His first duty was to thank the gentlemen who had conferred upon him the honour-and he spoke sincerely, for it was][an honour- who had conferred upon him tho^ honour of asking him to preside at that meeting. It was, he considered, a great privilege to'meet so many citizens of Mait- land at a meeting on the important question which presented itself that evening. Ho dared say that all knew he was the Bishop of Maitland, and as such he had been asked to preside. But aside from the fact of his being the Bishop, he was an Irish- man (applause), and he thought that had consider- able to do with his being asked to take the chair that evening. Now the question before them was one about Ireland and the government of Ireland, and the way things have been, and are just now, being managed by England in regard to Ireland. A few days ago they celebrated the jubilee of the reign of the Queen, and Irishmen, Scotchmen, Germans, and all the different peoples in Australia joined in celebrating that jubilee (applause). There were some people in the community-at all events there wero some people in Australia-who said that a movement of that kind was not consis- tent with that loyalty which they owed the Queen. He at once denied that emphatically (applause.) If he thought for one moment that any one present at that meeting would show the slightest disloyalty, he certainly would not come there (applause), and I I most certainly he would not have taken the chair. A few months ago he was asked by the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney to sign an address to the Queen, and he signed it most willingly, most cor- dially. In coming there to take part in their pro ceedings_ he came there because he was a loyal i subject of the Queen (applause.) He thought it j was one of the duties of loyal subjects, whatever their position might be, to come forward and tell the Government what to do, and tell the Queen of England what was the condition of her Bubjeets. I That was what they came together for that even- ing. Not ono word would fall from him, or from the other speakers, that would savour of disloyalty. Of course he could not deny the fact that he was an Irisbjuau. He was an Irishman, and if he lived for a thousand years in Australia he would live and die an Irish- man. He hoped to live there many years as the Bishop of Maitland. The Pope had sent him there aa the Bishop of Maitland and as an Irishman, and I Che was now getting old there was not much I ance of a change. They were there to tell the I Government and the Queen the truth, and that they sided with Mr. Gladstone (applause). There was an opinion that Irishmen there in Australia and in America were first class fellows, but that at home they were not able to manage their own affairs-that they were fools. He would not detain them by any observations of his own on the question, but would read them au extract from the. speech of Mr. Gladstone, made at Hainpstea/Ton the 31th of May. He need not tell them if animan was loyal to the Queen it was Mr. Gladstone. (Applause.) If they could not class him ag a rebel, surely they could not eall hjm (tb,&-Bisbop) one for reading his words. Thsifwere as follows :-" There is certainly someth^jg very unfortunate about this business of Home Rule. We occasionally appeal to experience, hut the answer given to us is that thero is no experience that is of any use to us in regard to this matter. Wo are fond of pointing out how tho colonies of this country which wore once discon- tented and disaffectod-I mean the great colonies, and in regard to some of them I will say that dis- content did not riso to the point of disaffection but we aro fond of pointing out how in these colonies without exoeption the discontent or dis- affection, whichever it was, had boen cured by Home Rule. No ; we aro told the case of Ireland j is quite different from them. But who tnadb the Irishman ? The Irish in very old times, indeoa, if you go back to the earlier stages of Christi- i anity, were among the leaders of Christen- dom. But wo went in among them ; wo sont among them numbers of our own race. These were mixed with the Irish, and ever since our blood has been mixed with theirs there has been endless troublp. ahd difficulty. The ex- perience of our colonies does not satisfy our oppon- ents, so then we turn to the experience of Europe. Europe is full of experiences, full of cases which we can quote. (Hear, hear.) We can show by moans of it whore the refusal of liberal autonomies has been attended with fatal consequences, and has beenf ollowed by the severance and breaking-up of Empires, while, on the other hand, we can show where the concession of liberal autonomies has removed these difficulties. We point to Austria and Hungary, where undoubtedly the conditions which formerly existed deluged Europe with blood, and wo are met by our opponents with the object tion that it is not a case we can quote, because Hungary îb as big aa Austria itself. Then, if we point to Russia and Finland, the objection given to us is that Finland is too little a place to be brought into tho comparison. And again, if we quote thp case of Norway and Sweden we are told that that also is a case which ought not to be quoted, for there is a line of very high mountains making it difficult to pass between the two countries. There- fore, the fact that autonomy is rapidly uniting their' hearts in spite of thpse mountains íb not a fact which wo can quote. In point of fact, there is no part of the experience of mankind in any country-no part of our ovrn experience in the other portions of the Empire-which is of the slightest use, according to these gentlemen, in throwing any light upon the Irish question. If anything is said about America we are asked, ' What do the Americans understand about English affairs P It is impertinent on their part to interfere.* True, we, the English people, have been in tho habit of interfering with every- body's affairs, but that is a totally different matter, and it is obvious, according to their account, that they have no business to interfere with ours. Wo are asked, too, ' What do Canadians or any othor people understand about England ?' But a very curious circumstance has happened in Canada. The Canadian Parliament íb a body of some import- ance, and it so happens that a man of great ability and high character is Viceroy in Carada. Lord Lans- downe íb a man who is to bo very much esteemed, and there has been great indisposition on the part «f those who advise Lord Lansdowne now to have this matter of Home Rule agitated in Canada, and therefore the Government of Canada, which is a powerful and influential Government, in its own Parliament set itself warmly against any move- ment of the kind. Notwithstanding that, the Canadian Government under these circumstances, has been defeated by a majority of four to one within the lost fortnight (applause), and I believe a strong resolution waa passed praying that Home Rule might be granted to Ireland. (Ap- plause.) However, as Ï told you, all the experience of mankind and all the powers of philosophy have no effect whatever upon the minds of the dissentient Liberals and of the Tories, and especially of the dissentient Liberals. It will not affect their opinion in dealing with such a question as this. This is, they say, a matter of which we alone must be the judge. Scotland and Wales are not worth considering for a moment-England alone under- stands the matter to the bottom, and she must be the sole judge of the importance of dealing with Ireland. Along with that extraordinary claim comes the confession equally extraordinary namely, that there is no such record of failure in human affairs go where we will to seek-there is no such record of failure as in the treatment of Ire- land by England lor 700 years, during which'time I must say there has hardly been 700 days-cer- tainly not 700 weeks-of copient and satisfaction. (Applause.) Every horror and every shame that could disgrace the relations between a strong country and a weak one-is written upon almost every page of the history of our dealings with Ire- land. So-much, however, gentlemen, for this un- fortunate fact, that there is no guidance as our oppo- nents say to be obtained from experience either in Europe or in our colonies. There is one word moro I, wanted to say. There is a question which we some- times put to our opponents in private as to where all this is to end. Axe the unfortunate people of this country ever to be restored to liberty or hope of having their o«n affairs dealt with ? That is a question upon which so far as my experience goes whenever I dare to put it without fear of conse- quences-and I am in the habit of putting it to friends who are Liberal dissentients-I nevor could obtain any tolerable or intelligent answer. They seem to be quite content with acting from hand to ! mouth ; they seem to think that as they have I a majority to-day they need not care for to-morrow. ' Sufficient unto the day íb the evil thereof.' But it is a sad thing that a great party, a grand majoiity in Parliament, and not only a great party but two great parties, or at least one great party which is great in numbers and another party which is great in influence from the circumstances that it holds the balance-it is, I say, a sad thing that they pursue a hand-to-mouth policy of this kind. And as far as I can judge-as far as my conscien- tious belief goes-there is alatent conviction in the minds of more than one-half of those who are "op- posed to us that either Home Rule [mark the words] or something more will ultimately have to *pe granted." (Applause.) That speech of Mr. Glad- stone's was his speech that evening. He would offer no comments. There were gentlemen more competent than he was to speak, and he would call on the mover of the first resolution. Mr. E. W. Dijyle, J.P., said a resolution had been placed in his hands to move, and he moved it with feelings of mingled pain and pleasure. With pain that they were called together that night to condemn that iniquitous measure that was known as the Irish Crimes Bill ; and with pleasure that they liad met in such large numbers to enter their protest in the most emphatic man- ner in condemnation of this most iniquitous measure. The resolution was as follows:-"That this meeting strongly protest against the Irish Crimes Bill, introduced by the Salisbury Govern- ment, and condemns it as unconstitutional, tyran- nical ancL uncalled for." (applause). Now he presumed; and he supposed those who followed him would do the same, that he was addressing aa intelligent audience, and that they were thoroughly conversant with the political topics of J tho day. Therefore it followed tl»at it would bo unnecessary for him or the others to declaim long upon this question, which was tho leading question of the day, viz., the Irish question. In ovory nowspaper they took up tho first thing that attracted tho eye was the Irish question. Ho presumed they wore all conversant with it. What wa« meant by this Irish Crimes Bill ? They were assembled that night to enter their protest against this bill, which was known as the Irish Crimes Bill. Now apart from the land squabbles in Ireland ho had Government statistics to show that Ireland of all the countries in Europe was the most froo from crime-that it stood the lowest in regard to crime, leaving, out the land troubles-which ho would refer to presently-of all tho countries of Europe. That was undeniable. He defied contradiction. Then why was this bill brought before the world aa the " Irish Crimes Bill ?" What an insult to the Irish people, not only those in Ireland, but throughout the British Empire. What was meant by the'Irish Crimes Bill? What were the crimes of Ireland? [A Voice : Nothing] If there were crimes in Ireland who were to blame ? [A Voico : The landlords.] Were the poor unfortunate peasants. They read in the public prints of the poor people being heart- lessly evicted ; of them being sent adrift on to tho roadside in the depth of winter in thousands. If crimes occurred thtough those poor peoplo -fathers and mothers and numbers of little children-being cast on the road side simply because they wore unable to pay an exorbitant rent, and the only alternative was the poorhouso, unless they had the means to goto anothor country if crimes of an agrarian nature occurred who were to blame P This bill would enable the landlords to exerciso unjust, infamous, unscrupulous tyianny over the poor people, and cast them out on to the roads to die of starvation or to go to the poorhouse, or if they had means, to be driven from their homes and fatherland. After their duty to the Supreme Being, their next duty was a love of country, of their fatherland. If these poor people had com- mitted depiedations, who were to blame P If they were evicted from their homos in this cruel ruthless manner, was it not the landlords and not the poor people ? That was what caused thorn^ to assemble against this iniquitous measure. He would read from last Saturday's Freeman's Journal the number of evictions which were the cause of this bitterness in Ireland, and the cause of thiB Irish Crimes Bill, in other words the Coercion Act. He would there mention that that was the eighty- seventh Coeicion Act since Ireland had lost its native Parliament, and it was the most cruel of them all. The extract was as follows s-.' A book has been lately written for the Queen's Jubilee, for the purpose of showing the progress of the nation under the fifty y«ar« of the Queen's reign. It made clear that all parts of the British Empire had flourished, hut that the condi- tion of things had been most disastrous in Ireland." The article goes on to state that under the head of Ireland the reign had been the moBt disastious since that of Elizabeth. The statistics ho quoted were Government ones. During the fifty years of the Queen's reign there had been 1,225,000 persons who had died of famine, 3,680,000 evicted, and 4,185,000 who emigrated. The evictions had been the more numerous immediately after tho famine. The evictions equalled 75 per cent, of the popula- tion. [During the reading of the statistics some persons kept up a conversation at the back of the hall, and the speaker stopped and rebuked them. If they were opposed to the movement ho said they should call a meeting for the next night, and he would attond and substantiate what he now said.] No other country in Europe or elsewhere had suffered Buch wholesale extermination. During the three months ended last April, the persons evicted in Ireland numbered 5050 persons. Now then dealing with Irish crimes, for there wore crimes, who were to blame, the landlords or the poor unfortunate people who were sent away from Ireland. Before twenty- four hours the result of that meeting would bo cabled to Ireland, to Eng- land, and to Mr. Gladstone. Mr. Gladstone, in the House of Commons, had said that he was exceed- ingly pleased to find that in Australia, who had lived under the banner of Home Rule, who en- joyed civil and religious liberty, and all that poor Ireland asked for-Ireland was asking for nothing more than they enjoyed-Mr. Gladstone had acknowledged in the House of Commons his great pleasure at the demonstration in Victoria in favour of Home Rule. Meetings were held in England, in Ireland, in Scotland, in America, condemning this bill. It would not only be pleasing to Mr. Glad- stone and Mr. Parnell, but to those in America and to every lover of freedom, that they condemned this iniquitous bill. Before moving the resolution he had a few more words to say. It must be a great pleasure to all-it was to him-to seo the chair taken by no less a person than the Lord Bishop of Maitland-(applause)-and that his Lordship was following in the footsteps of the hierarchy of Ire- land. The Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland, Car I dinal Manning in England, and the Bishop of Nott- ingham were ably affording their support to the poor people of Ireland. And notably so the Arch- bishop of Dublin, Dr. Walsh (applause), who a few days ago had gono to Kilmainham gaol, and brought away in his own carriage a priest who had been illegally and cruellyincarcerated, because he upheld the principles of right and the interests of the poor Irish people. - Because he would not make things 4 known told him by a parishioner, he was illegally sent to gaol by Judge Boyd- illegally as was shown by his release. He saw present reverend gentlemen on the platform, and the Bishop ia the chair, sanctioning the proceedings of legality and right in advocacy of the cause of the suffering people in Ireland. He hoped the day would not be far distant when those priests who had been incar- cerated and those who were present would be rejoicing with the poor people of Ireland that the day had come when Ireland had been granted a native Parliament and that the flag of Ireland waB once more waving from College Green. (Applause.) [A voice : So it will.] Mr. James Pbitchard said the committee who had charge of the arrangements of that meeting had done him the high honor of asking him to be present and seconding the resolution which was now, before them. "He felt a great amount of timidity in accepting that invitation, and was nervous occupying the position he did. He believed he was; a type of thousands and tens of thousands of his fellow countrymen (applause), the type of an Englishman who from his dogged perseverance and tenacity was known as John Bull. He feared till a | short time'ago he occupied a position as one ofthat mighty multitude of stubborn, dogmatic, hard-to be-convinced. Englishmen, who, notwithstanding all history and of the evils created in former and at the present time, were profoundly ignorant of the true meaning of the Irish question. (Applause.) He was greatly pleased when he opened his Mercury the previous morning to see what was to his mind an able letter indeed (applause), written by ono of their esteemed townsmen. He commenced his letter by making allusion to the grand display of unity exhibited a few days ago on the occasion of the Queen's JubileeJ, and he expressed the hope, and | 1 likewise a fear with it, that whoever wero tho gen- tlemen who occupied tho platform thatovening w ould bo cautious nnd mild, and not say anything very out- rageous. He supposed the writer was fully aware of the injustico tho Irish people groaned under, and that human beings with warm sympathies and blood as the Irish possessed, when they began to talk about the wrongs of Ireland and tho attempt to coerce th« people of that country into abject subjection, it would not be possible to keep cool. The cominitteo mimt have thought so too, and for that reason had solected him, a cool phlegmatic Englishman to second the resolution. (Laughter and applause.) Whatever was the cause, no matter whether it was the wrongs of Ireland, or of any of God's creatures, so long as he possessed a voice he would use it in the cauBe of right and justice. (Applause.) Ho honestly believed that the enor- mous amount of trouble and what at the present time appeared tyrannical and wrong-doing pro- ceeded from ignorance-ho used tho word not in an offensive senso but in that of a want of know- ledge-(applause)-in the great mighty heart of the English people. He meant the democratic part of tho people, not the Tories. They did not com- prehend aud understand the question. (Applause.) He thought if the great mighty democratic heart of the people-and he meant by democratic a love of our fellow creatures- was educated on this question, these wrongs would be soon swept away. He thought everyone present would agree with him that the English ppople, stubborn and stolid aB they were, were at bottom renowned for their love of justice (applause). They loved what was right, and when they understood it, would do what was just and right 'applause). There were many proofs that England had stood nobly forward and given grand assistance to persecuted peoples. It just occurred to him as an instance the help and sympathy af- forded the Poles, and also to "the Italians, in ob- taining the liberty they desired. Ho believed that when the gre»t and mighty heart of the English people understood this question, then away with the Tory Government, and Ireland would receive what was just (applause). He had a few extracts from the leading thought of the day supporting this view. The Nineteenth Century of February, 1886, Bays :-" Englishmen have begun to realizo how little they have understood Ireland during all these years. At thi3 moment English members know neither how tnuoh distress exists requiring a reduction of the judicial rents, nor how far boy- cotting exists. They cannot tell whether there is a case for either of the measures they are urged to pass-an Arrears and Lands Bill, or a Coercion Bill. The Government of Ireland by the Imperial Government has not been self-government, but the ' I government of a dependency, because the English i majority has not that knowledge of Ireland which it has of its own country. On English questions it has its own opinion by which a Ministry is guided. On Irish questions it follows the opinion of the Irish Minister of the day, who may be, and often^has been, utterly wrong. Scotland, on the other hand, has always retained institutions thoroughly her own. When they required chango, the change was made by Parliament at the bidding of. the Scotch I members. Nothing could bo either forced on Scotland or taken from Scotland against the will of the Scottish people. An English King tried the experiment, and lost his throne-and his head." -The resolution said the Crimes Bill was most ob- noxious, tyrannical, and oppressive. Was it? What did it provide ? It was the Crimes Act which Lord Salisbury condemned l8 months ago, revised. It provided that witnesses may be examined when there was no one in custody charged with a crime. Did they understand that a magistrate may summon a witness when no person was charged. Simply the ghost of an idea might I occur to a magistrate, and he might summon a. witness and take his evidence on oath, and if he thought the evidence sufficient he could take the necessary steps to have some person or persons arrested and put upon their trial. Would they in Australia submit to a thing of that kind. [A Voice : No.] He asked them as men, why should any English speaking people who were on an equality with themselves be subjected to anything of the kind ? The reason was that the Tory party, the proud arrogant party happened to be in power just now, and the great mass of the people were Bupine in the matter. The Tories were taking advantage of the circumstance and passing this Bill. The Irish magistrate is to be converted in his own noble self into a petty jury, and men may be brought before them charged with any act which the Lord Lieutenant declares to be illegal, and sent to prison if found guilty. Persons accused may be sent away to England and tried there ; and the Act was to be permanent, or until a row oc- curred, or something, or until common sense came in, and it was repealed. He would like to read them what were described as unlawful meetings. If an Act of the kind were in force hero there would be a good many unlawful meetings. (Applause.) It was a well-known fact that coercion had never yet had any good effect among any people. It never did and never could effect any possible good. (Applause.) The Nine- teenth Century of May, 1887, says :-" One would have thought after the experience of the past, that we had at length arrived at a stage in Irish affairs, when those who called themselves the party of law and order could have devised some new method for putting down Irish agitatora. But it seems that there is to bo no change. Wo are to run eternally in the old groove." Coercive measures must result in failure, and cause antagonism and disunion, while wise measures and concessions would lead to a real genuine union. The same paper quoted above, of February, 188G, says :-*' For 85 years we have been grappling with the forces of disaffection and disorder in Ireland. Every kind of coercion has been tried. There have been two insurrections j but far more serious than an open insurrection is the fact that during the whole period a state of war has existed between the mass of the people on the one side, and Government and landlords on the other." What the law calla crimes the people re- gard as legitimate acts of war. Every kind of coercion has been tried and failed. No statesman- ship was worthy the name that can contemplate the continuance of such a position. No proposal ought to be accepted, which does not give a hope of its removal. All criminal law threatens coercion, all criminal courts and officers carry it out. To be a terror to evildoers is the magistrate's first duty in every State, and Parliament must arm him with such powers as he needs for that purpose. But observe the consequences as regards Ireland. If the new Btatuto relates to Ireland only, as former coercion acts have done, it will be one more declara- tion and confession that we have one law for Ireland and another for Great Britain ; and that peoples which we allege to be one are really distinct. But after all the reason which has chiefly moved such Englishmen as incline to Home Rule is a de- spair of the present system engendered by the experience of the last eighty-five years, and the notion that since all previous prescriptions have failed-and there is little prospect that an English democracy ruling through two rival parties will consent to apply any repressive treatment steadily for a long period of years,-some new kind of treat- l mont ought to have a chance" So ho thought, and "^ no doubt thef thought so, too. Ho would not detain them any longer-[Voices: Go on. Go on]-aa they all knew thero was no immediate prospect of their doing anything, aa he saw that tho bill was passed. Yet they would do a great deal of good by their expressions of sympathy. Their discussion of the bill as free, law-abiding subjects, would do a deal of good. Wflen he heard that the result of the meeting was to be cabled homo to that grand old man, Mr. Gladstone (applause), ho felt there could bo no doubt whatever that their expression of sentiment as a freo people would cheer him on and do good in that way. He believed the time was not far distant when their grievances would be removed, and, old as ho was, when Ireland would receive what she wanted- Home Rule (applause). He trusted then that what was known in Irish history as Ireland's grievance would disappear, and there would bo a truly united kingdom. He would like in passing to allude to Mr. Gladstone. He hoped they would forgive him for his presumption, but he had a great admhation for that gentleman. Ho waa horn in all the height of Tory surroundings, and his learning was of that character. He need not tell them of his grand .intellect, which ho con- sidered equal to that of the greatest living man of the present day ; but what was more, he had the grand attribute of true manhood-a love of his fellow creatures. They saw him in his last yoars, when in the ordinary course of things ho might bo expected to seek rest that was so much desired.. He could rest with all the honors that a mortal man could wish for heaped upon him. He waa the most universally popular man in the world. But what did they find him doing. After ho convinced himself of the reality of the Irish troubles and after his reading and research had convinced his mind that the old 'groove was a bad one, ho decided that a new one must be inttoduced; and, at the risk of severing himself from old political friends, and distressing himself at his time of life, he threw himself into the grievances for love of his fellow creatures (applause). The question they were discussing was not one of creeds. He would say it was not a question of Ireland against »England-it was a higher one than that. It was a question of an advance in the liberties of the whole human race. The thought occurred to him as he heard that the meeting was to be cabled to England and Ireland in the course of a few hours, o£ the mighty strides made in scientific discoveries during the last 50 years, of which the cable was au instance ; and how very, very slow indeed was tho growth of true humanitarian principles among the leaders of the people (applause). Ho hoped a brighter and better period was dawning. Ho thanked them for listening to his random remarks and seconded the resolution (applause). Mr. J. J. Callaghan (who was loudly applauded) said over since the memorable act of last year when Mr. Gladstone liad thrown aside every one of the conaiderations that he had been surrounded. with for many years, and the misleading ideas of the peoplo of England, he had boen con- vinced of the truth of the Scotch maxim, " Every mickle inakeB a mucki«." If that wore true, then the result of that meeting, both for its numbers and unanimity, when convoyed to Mr. Gladstono and the people of England, would not be without its effect. (Applause.) It waa true that no act o£ theirs would prevent the titled aristocrats passing this terrible Act ; but it would show the people of Ireland, the majority of Scotland and Wales, and the by no means small minority of England their approval of their conduct in condemnation of this Act, and that they would bo glad to see justice done to the Irish people. Mr. Pritchard in the manly manner for which he was known there had told them of some of the obnoxious clauses of the Coercion Act. It was nothing now for the Irish people to have a Coercion Act; but it was ex- traordinary that in the jubilee year of a Sovereign, when everyone should be united in expressions of joy, the only measure of peace for Ireland wa3 the most coercive measure that was ever submitted to the House of Commons. (Applause). The previous Acts simply took way from the people of Ireland the benefits of Magna Charta, or rather the Habeas Corpus Act, and enabled the Lord Lieutenant to arrest any one, as ho had done in 1881 and 1882, to place them in gaol without assigning any cause,. and to keep them there, without bringing them to trial. But this measure went further in its bad treatment. It enabled the Lord Lieutenant to describe any act as a crime. It enabled the magistrates-and thoBe who know how magistrates were appointed in Ireland knew what that meant to commit an accused person to prison for she months. . He need not ask them who believed in the right of trial by jury, why it should, be denied the people of* Ireland. In this i colony they thought it wrong to give magis- trates power of sending criminals to piison without the privilege of appealing to a jury. As. the bill was originally introduced a person arrested, could be sent over to England ¡ but so strongly was that provision opposed at a large meeting in Hyde Park, that the Liberal Unionists, an insig- nificant lot, met together and told the Government that they would have to withdraw that provision oc they would vote against it. They objected to coercion because it was unnecessary. He would not have time to read them statistics ; but hs would say that on that table at that moment there were copies of the addresses of the judges in the different counties, and 25 out of 32 told them that crimes of a serious character were almost unknown They told the grand juries that there were no bills, or only those for minor offences. He admitted that in the disturbed districts there were serious crimes.. But those were districts in which there had been no attempt to save the tenants from the cruelties and rapacity of the landlords. They might have seen an account of what was called the Denbeigh evictions in Kerry. He saw two account« of them, in the Scotsman, a Conservative paper, and in the New York Bun, and both of them agreed in their descriptions of the scenes when the unfortunate tenants were evicted. The agents, when the people were turned, out, sprinkled petroleum on the thatch and set it on fire ; cottages were burned over the heads of women and children j a wife who was soon to become a mother was carried out into the roadway, and the soldiers loaded their rifles around her j another mother begged shelter for her dying infant in a hut, but was refused, and had to protect her- self from the weather in the pig-stye. Those were scenes that occurred every day. Of course, such acts produced crime; unless men were angels, crimes would bo committed in such extraordinary temptations. These were the districts in which crime occurred. But this was a positive fact, that in the undisturbed districts of Ireland thefo was less crime than in any district in the world. There was more crime in New South Wales in one year than occurred in tho whole of these twenty-five counties in five. If persons who were evicted returned to their houses, if this new bill passed,, they were committing a crime for which .t^thoy could be sent to prison for six months, y Such was the measure they were met to protest against. (Applause.) What was more, not only T^as their no necessity for it, but it was admitted that the state of these most unfortunate tenants must bo remedied. He remembered when his Lordship carno back from his visit to'Ireland, and said a great portion of the tenants wore excluded from the benefits of the land law, it was not believed, but now it was an admitted faot that those who had leases were excluded, and that prices had fallon so much that the rents were bound "to be reduced. When the present Government came into power it was under- stood that they would introduce remedial measures. Both Lord Salisbury and his pet Mr. Chamberlain, said that coercion had had its day, and would not be resorted to. A Land Commission -had been appointed with Lord Cowper as president and all the members Conservatives-there was not a repre- sentative of the tenant class on it. That Commis aion said the Irish people were naturally honest and possessed a love of country, and then went on to point out that hitherto in Ireland the law had always been in favour of the landlord and against the tenant. Sir Edward Buller said the Land League was the salvation of the Irish tenant' Tho Commission went on to show that in certain cases where concessions were made the tenants had pawned every article they possessed bo that they could keep faith ¡ and of those who held from the Stato Church and Fisheries Commis missions there was hardly one in arrears, bo strongly did thoy endeavour to keep their engagements. Chief Justice Baron Pennefather stated that in the last 80 years there had been 32 land acts, and until Mr. Gladstone's, the whole of them were conducive to the landlord's intorest and against the tenant. The only one in favour of the tenants provided that they should not be evicted on Christmas Day or on Sunday. They appealed against this atrocious legislation. He could cito Conservative after Conservative and Liberal after Liberal to show that the result by and by would be evil. Coercion could not prevent it. It might drive the evil beneath; but they would suffer worse than all in the evils of secret societies (ap- plause.) AgainBt these terrible evils they were anxious to protect the people and name' of Ireland. They would far rather see it retain the name it had had years ago in Europe for sanctity and learning. (Applause.) They knew coercion measures had failed-they only degraded the people, and would recoil on the instigators of them. [AVoicr: Quite right.] Then the manner in which it was carried was exceptional. After passing sir clauses-and the first was altered from two to twenty lines, and so changed that its mother would not know it-the clôture waa applied, and the remaining fourteen passed in globo. It was important for them all that the United Kingdom should make the people contented. Could they do so by governing them as Austria did Venetia, or the Turks Bulgaria ? If the United Kingdom was really in earnest they would acknowledge that Ireland had a good right to manage its own affairs, or to such remedial measures as would end tho troubles once and for all. They should remem- ber that Mr. Gladstone in Mb old age was fighting the battle for them, and they should assist him. Their meeting would go to show that here the people were with him in his great agitation. (Ap- plause). He hoped that would be the last time they would meet to protest against such legis- lation, and that Ireland would be a united portion of the Empire of whose greatness she had been one of the principal builders. (Applause). The motion was put and carried unanimously. Mr. J. G. White said it was a pleasure for him to stand there that night, though he was sorry he was not in the position he anticipated-that the next time he spoke on that platform he would be congratulating the people of Ireland on the fact that they had got Home Rule. The reso- lution he had to move was-"That the foregoing resolution be transmitted by cable to Mr. Glad- stone and Mr. Parnell." After what had been heard that night thoy must be thoroughly con- vinced that they should cable the resolution home that had juBt been passed. When he first took up this question some said it was simply a religions affair, but he found all parties in favour of Home Rule, and he concluded to support it heart and soul by every means in his power. (Applause.) He liked liberty himself, and he who would not give what he desired for himself to others was a slave. When he read of the miseries of the Irish people,'he was nearly ashamed to own that he was an Englishman. (Applause.) That meeting would show that they had a feeling for the condition of the Irish people. When he read of the crimes that were committed by the Irish people ho was convinced that there must be something wrong to change them from the con- dition they were found in by St. Patrick. Then they would give away the bed they were lying on, or share their few potatoes with those in need. He was convinced there must bo something wrong. As every doctor had his own pot physic for the cure I of disease, he thought he could tell thom the cause ' of discontent in Ireland and every other island. He asked them was it likely for the people to be contented when five people had estates to the extent of two million acres. Who gave them the right to that land ? He contended that every man was entitled to three things-the air he breathed, water to drink, and land to live upon. Why should he bo deprived of the right to live upon the land he was born upon. Seven people owned 3,455,804 acre? ; 20 people owned upwards of 5 million acres;, and leBS than 2200 people owned more than one third and less than one half the United Kingdom. Evictions had occurred largely in Scotland, and land was made barren anduseleBB. Her Majesty the Queen and the Prince of Wales had oven cleared out the people from around their homes. Nothing was more strong in him than a love of his species. Viewing the question phrenologically, the treat- ment the Irish people were subjected to was cultivating the worst organs in their " heads. They were denied their just rights in every possible form, and it was not to be wondered at that they did things which after reflection they were sorry for. He instanced the scenes in the French Revolution, which ho contended was the outcome of generations of oppression and wrong doing. He quoted an extract f;om Coombes Consti- tution of Man, with reference to the attempt on the part of England to coerce her colonies in America pointing out that phrenelogically it would have been a bad thing if she had succeeded, and that the obtaining of their freedom was the best thing that could have happened for the United States, in the physical and mental development of the people; and argued that the same thing might be expected in regard to Ireland. He ap- pealed to those present to come and assist him ina meeting that would be held in Morpeth, and con- cluded by reciting some lines which he stated he had partly composed himself, and partly robbed from others. He had great pleasure in proposing the resolution. (Applause.) Mr. John Enright said they must all feel proud of the large meeting assembled thero. He saw the platform two ex-Mayors, one of West Maitland and one of Morpeth. They were all against coer- cion and in favour of Home Rule. The audience was composed of all nations-Scotch, English, and WelBh, and surely the Irish people must be proud of the assistance they had received. They were told that scarcely a country in Europe was freer from Crimes. He might say a word or two of the landlords. They robbed the people of Ireland of twice the whole amount of the revenue of New South Wales. Fifteen millions was annually drawn by the landlords and spent in the great citieB of Europe. If they spent one-quarter of that sum in Ireland how much better the country would be. They were asking for nothing but justice (applause) and when Mr. Gladstone appealed to the country again Ireland would bo sure of Home Rule. He would not detain thom any longer, but simply second the resolution. ' Mr. George Maher said it was not necessary for him to make any remarks to urge them to vote against coercion. As a native of the country and living there some years, he could well understand the condition the country was in ; and he could well imagine what her sufferings would bo under the Crimes Act. He would say he hoped they would get Home Rule for Ireland, and with those few remarks he supported the motion. This resolution was also carried unanimously. Mr. James Pritchard was then moved into the chair, and Mr. M. Murray proposed a cordial vote of thanks to his Lordship Dr. Murray for presiding at that large and important meeting. If it had not been wet a hall three times as big would not have held the audience. He looked upon the meeting as of the utmost importance Though they could not prevent the bill passing, it would have the effect of stirring up the people ¡ and as Mr. Pritchard remarked, the great mass of the English people only required tp be educated to see justice dene. The late elections were proof that the tide wjis turning in favour of Mr. Glad- stone. At a late election in a Tory constituency, a Tory candidate was ousted by a large majority in favour of a Gladstonian Home Ruler. That fact spoke for itself. The day was not far distant when the Unionist Liberals, who were now creating all the trouble, would be defeated, and the Grand Old Man would return to power with a large majority at his back, and the result would be Home Rule for Ireland. Then the union with England would be céjnented ; it would not be a mere paper one, but one of heart. Mr. Jakes Kessbt seconded the motion, pointing out that as his Lordship had juBt returned from , visiting his diocese, his attending that, night was at some sacrifice., ' The motion was carried with acclamation, The Bishop thanked the audience for the enthu I siastio manner in which they had received his I name. It gave him very great pleasure to preside at a meeting where there were such cordial and unanimous feelings. If their friends outside wished i to raise a question of the feeling of Irishmen on this question, if any charge was to be made of warm feelings and expressions, he thought it ought to bo made against his English friends. (Laughter.) He thanked them very much for their expressions of sympathy. No doubt they Irishmen sym- pathised with their suffering countrymen. There were a number of clergymen present, and if what had occurred in Ireland happened out here, they would feel great sympathy for them. In Ireland, respectable and revered clergyman had been im- prisoned for not revealing the secrets of the people. He hoped such things would not continue, but that they would be shortly celebrating another jubilee for Ireland. The proceedings were closed with cheers for the Queen, for Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Parnell, and Mr. W. I O'Biien. 