THE WEST COAST GOLDFIELDS TASMANIA. [Br Theo. P. H. Jones, Special i Reporter.! No. 2. ( Continued from last Friday's issue.) There are two tracks to the Linda field from Lynch's Creek, but neither are suitable for a permanent road. Ths new one rises much higher than necessary, aad the old has too many impassable steep3 and a length of unsound bog. A diversion from the new, however, wou'd cross a saddle, follow a uniform grade to the Queen Valley, ascend a nice spur, and enter the Lindi Valley by a gorge, cutting deeply into tli8 connecting ridge in which the ' Iron Blow' is situated, a point at least 200ft lower than either of the tracks lead to. Going I took the old track, taking advantage of the guidance of Mr Frauk Hall, a young man of good family, bent in finding something rich, but putting in a time at packing pro visions, etc., to the Linda. It is stern work carrying 50lb to 70!b in a knap sack ali.ng a half cleared track without o: e whole chain of level walking, and with two or three hills rising o foot for every foot of advanco. Men at this business earn I03 to 50s per trip out, but return empty ; and to cany C0;b to the Tasma, called 11 miles, is equivalent to a march of 30 or 40 miles on a grassy indu lating country, or to three days' hard work concentrated into one. They eari their bread, rain or shine, by the sweat of their brow. I purposely placed the King River Co.'s mine in the premier position as to notice ; because to the plucky shareholders and management the success of this fielq. is largely due. It has been the fulcrum making leverage to other places .pos sible. Three and three- quarter hours of con tinuous walking brought us via the old track to the ridge commanding the Linda Valley, and in sight of the phenomenal ' Iron Blow,' the name designating the local point of interest on the Mount Lyell Co.'s leases. Pleasures were mixed with the toil of travel ever seven miles to gain a little more than three ; pleasures I bad in observing the magnificent forest trees, shrubs and plants, enhanced along a couple of miles l.-y the clear shingly Queen River, which we crossed twice. From the second crossing, two or three acclivities raise us the greater part of 1200ft. The Mount Lyell Company's valuable property comprises 65 acres along the ridge linking the S.W. spur of Mount Lyell with the N.W. one of Owen. The cen tral sections are lightly scrubbed, and cirry generally button, cutting, and Big grasses, and heaths, common on our peaty surfaces in exposed situations. Though, to date, they are called the Mount Lyell Company's sections, there is no telling whose hands they will fall into, as there are not only several claim ants to them, but several concentric or internecine claims on the tapis, preferred by former partners with the men repre senting the original holders. The judges, fortunately (for the lay world), will have the task of unravelling the tanglement of involvements, so we need not trouble about them, except to pray beforehand that there may be an interposition of Providence to obviate more than a neces sary amount of hard swearing. All parties stoutly maintain they are right, a cheering prospect for the legal pro fession, who, this Christmas and New Year, may be recklessly liberal in the home circle and to charities in anticipa tion of the advance dividend from the mine. Time was when this El Dorado would have been t!i;oivn into Chancery trust, and worked altogether for the bene fit of the born and the unborn men of the wig and gown ; but people are not so patient and loyal now as in those good days. The Government Geologist has reported on this property on company's account— a fact I was not previously aware of. The document, to the order of and paid for by the company, is issued as one of the papers of the Parliament of Tasmania (No. 146) — 'Presented . . . by His Excellency's command.' With the rest of the (till now) unsophisticated, I thought the Government Geologist's reports were bona fide papers, the result of investigations made by order of and paid for by Government ; but it seems otherwise, hence in the sense that they are considered to be the results of im partial examinations iuto tho geological and mineralogical condition of the parts treated of, they are frauds on public faith — at any rate, this one is, and I cast it aside as worthless in a broad public sense, a document that might have been compiled equally well in Launceston, without troubling Mr Thureau to person ally visit the field. Except where it treats of the open workings exposing the 'Iron Blow,' the lode's course or strike (assumed on the basis of cursory observations of a shallow trench half a mile away near a cliff) ; and of what is to be seen amongst the boul ders of a creek (Watson's alluvial claims), the information (?) rests on hearsay re ceived from interested persons. The ' Iron Blow' is centrally situated on the Linda slope of the ridgo, earlier referred to as liuking the two mountain spurs. Great boulders of conglomerate crown portions, and others straw the hill side to tho Linda 400ft or so below. Excavations and sluicing of surface stuff, during a period when the claim was con sidered and worked as an alluvial one, revealed a bottom differing from that of any bottom hitherto seen. It provoked examination, and was found to be the top of an immense lode formation, having well-defined walls, a matrix — unique in components, so far as colonial diggers had had experienca of -and carrying very rich, free gold. The cement capping of the lode was also rich ; but, as the diggers had no economi cal means of crushing it, that wnicn would not readily yield to hand pulverisation was stacked, though much went down the race with other tailings. In these, where deposited, there is a payable quantity of gold. 1 n appearance, the top face (there aro three terraced excivations) is like that of a quarry, with a cutting leading into it. The matrix is maroon eolorei, and cruehes readily uj fine as crocus pmvder, has a s'aty cleavage : aud, if an-'.lyBcd, will probably be found to be slito atroi:gly impr- gnated with it'fu oxideB, and to have, in the wake of atten uated qumzy threads, more or less of this latter mineral's components. Ths fine stuff is long held in suspension by water, aod thus the mixture resembles fatty lish blood and water. The wid .h of this part of the lode, ali gold- bearing, is between 50 and 60fc, and of a belt of solid pyrites, running parallel and hug ing it c'ose, over 200ft, measured E. to W. acrofs where the walls are ex posed. Rain and little springs trickling down the face have cut a number of tiny cascades, and the pool of each is a wee basin of crystal with specks of shining gold lining the Dottom, or dancing m tne disturbed whirl. Blocks of bluish iron ore, or ore con taining iron largely, seem to follow the line showing the longitudinal junction of the miiri* proper and the pyrites. Some ape faced with sulphate of iron of recent origin in that form, proviug that chemical change is takiug place since exposure to the atmosphere. Whatever theory may sa'isf ictorily account for this unique lode, the most satisfactory thing is that it is til ore, £. mighty fact, and is provtd for some hundred yards length by tho top excava tion which cuts several feet into it, and by two lowii-r benches somewhat shallower. Except in the wake of oid conglomerate and blue ironstone boulders (fchist or denser slale than the main body, aUo carrying fine gold) the surface is stripped the width of the body. The gravels, and broken up lode stone, treated as alluvial, were very rich, sa a!so was the cement cap ; indeed this shows the coarsest gold of all ; but it is fouud all through the maroon colored section both coarse and fine ; and, within the 50 odd feet of this, should average very high. I have no hesitation in believin? it good for 4 z per cubic yard, and when it ia con sidered that for years to come it can be worked in an open face this quantity (mm .n«l, „ U, ouvu a irauj o 111 uc ujrai u- enormous, and to be capable of cheap winniug. The aliuvial workings paid the diggers well, though they certainly lost much gold. Indeed it could not be otherwise with the appliances The sluice boxes were at a pitch that a man could hardly walk up if his boot soles were slippery. I believe blanket strakes were used, but their usefulness would be much neutralised without a fine hopper plate to classify the tailings. There were no settling pits. The country is metamr.rphic schist, intersected by quartz-threads : oa the east tolerably uniform, and on the west lamellated, and traversed by bodies of quartz, etc. A casing of laminated micaceous schist hugs the head wail on the west, and a dig merely separates the lode on the foot wall. The angle of in clination, so far as the walls have been exposed, is westerly ; but the Bcarp and overhanging brow of the ridge, and of an otherwise extiuguisher shaped hiil near, standing isolated in an cmbayment, give the impression that either there has been a heave easterly, or that greater denudation lias taken place on this than on the western side. The latter is very unlikely, as the rain storms invariably beat on the other side ; theiefore, should the evidences of the former be conclusive, the true underlay will be found materially to change, pos sibly to the east. Such outcrops as are visible on the western side of Mount Lyeil certainly sseoi to underlie into the mountain, and a careful examination of intervening spurs and creeks indicates a reasonable basis for this theory. The course of the lode, corrected for 9deg 30min, E. variation, is, from the Mount Lyell Company's top face, N. 4deg 20min W. approximately, and outcrops along that bearing on several sections (Watson's, Kenneth Gorry's, on the west ridge of Lyell, and on the Tasma Company's ground, on the north face of the mountain) attest this. It is locally considered flexible and accommodating, and thus has its good nature imposed on by being tortured into and through the longest line of each and all of the hundred and odd leases applied for ; but, as it is consistent, a regular north and south lode, of course the impossibility of its bisecting the Linda flats, far east, and the lower slope of the Queen watershed, west of the blow, is apparent. The bogus canon may enter other flats and involve another watershed, that brimming o'er optic li~'s, as a visible evidence of reaction super vening too credulous faith. It ia not the only vein, however, for equally strong formation outcrops, or detached boulders, occur each side, and may indicate radial offshoots from the main body or parallel veins. Unfortunately but little work to prove depth has been done on the Mount Lyell ground, and practically none on any other. For all this there is no doubt of the lode formation going down, at any rate, deeper than will be sunk during this century. The stuff in sight represents what, with present visible prospects, will yield 40,000oz to 50,000oz of gold, iu excavating the cuttings, face wide and bench above bench, from a level 350ft below that of the top face. Cubic acres of gold stone will be won ; and, as earlier experience here has proved, pan pockets of heavy and concentrated fine gold will be found in terraces along each wing of the cutting, on the east side especially. Suppose this vast formation is shallow, which is to suppose a possi bility opposed to a geological axiom, a rule or law without an exception, viz , ' live Ions, live dosvn,' as deep sinking, except for prospecting purposes, will not be necessary during this generation, there is no profit to be gained by discussing the point. Mr Devlyn, an American gentleman, who is at present in charge of the pro perty, extended the kindest hospitality, and showed me over part of the workings ; but naturally, in the face of pending liti gation, without definite instructions from the managing shareholder, he was careful. Mr Dixon, a shareholder, coir p'.eintn ted my opportunity for impaction later by taking me unreservedly about. The public is possibly not aware that the formation has been sunk in to a deptli corresponding with 30 odd feet from the cap (after being denuded of the auriferous cement lamellation and proved, thus far down, to be of like character with what is exposed in the open workings about the cutting and top face, evidently the apex of a big rich shoot. Prospects washed from anywhere showed gold iu every instance, fine, coarse, ahcl!y, specimen like to ministure work in filagree ; and specimens of the matrix banded or specked with gold. Some coarse looking bits of gold from the Bize of a rice grain downwards are tinged with iron oxide, and on being rubbed between the thumb and finger become powder. Veins and bunches of baryta (oxide of barium) and barytas (sulphate of baryta, heayy spar) occur in the lode stone. This is also gold bearing. There is a great chemical change in process, observ able chiefly along tho junction line of the lode proper, and the pyrites one. Cliukcry stuff, faced with sulphate of iron, and water containing sulphuric and other acids show the laboratory to ba at work. Iron or steel subjected to the action of this water becomes brittle, and breaks up like short-cake. , It is feasible to assume that the bulk of the mass between the walls (280ft wide) has been pyrites (bisulphate ofiron, etc.) of similar character and density to that occu pying over three chains of the width of the lode now. 'That slate and quartz threads intersected it longitudinally, par ticularly on the (assumed) footwall side ; and that decomposition (volatilization of the sulphur or its being resolved into sulphates, as in process now, to be taken up by water and thrown off — drained) by weakening the structure (corrosion), ren dered it spongy and brought about the condition for pressure and consequent concentration (lateral and vertical) of the ilie gold once held by the pyrites, but then freed to be caught and held (during nr.d since the dissolving of the quartz veins acted on by sulphuric aud fluoric acids) between slaty laminie, the present matrix.' That the residue of ferruginous bi oxide, precisely similar in appear at ca to crocus of iron produced by calcination, became blended with and assntned the slaty cleavage ia another point, and again neither the clinkers along the junction with so-calied air- bubbles in them, nor the oement (ferr. carb. and conglomerate, or better still, agglomerated alluvial deposit cemented by the ferr. carb ) present conditions irreconcilable with this chemical theory. It has the advantage of being capable '?f test by analysis of material at hand of proof or disproof — more than can be Baid of theories that necessitate a bore-hole through the crust of the earth, some 66 miles to where fusion exists. The vol csnic mud idea is good, in that it is un demonstrable otherwise than by rais ing a volcano on this particular spot by applying some as yet unknown and powerful plaister. I like a good capable thvorr, possible to be demonstrated or quashed. If the latter is this one'a fate 1 then bring along a reserve one that csnnot !;e assailed more successfully than a ghost can. I pride myself on this latter feJow. Like the volcanic mud he is too cieep for any living man to probe. I found a jolly lot of fellows on the Linda and in their company, rambling in the bush, up and down bouldery ereeke, taking in the wild near and far mountain scenery from the plain, and in speculat ing on the changes that will follow the opening up of the country by roads and tracks. In a prophetic vein I close this paper. Lynch's Creek, 17th December, 1886. 