THE V.R.C. MIDSUMMER MEETING. The raomg events for the V.R.O. a first meet ing in 1887 were of the most interesting kind that have been arranged for a Now Year's day programme siuoe the Ohampion Race was taken from the Midsummer mooting and mado part of the Autumn one. In conformity with the tendency of modern racing times there was more handicapping, and there were shorter distances In tho races, three out of tho six on the card being less than a mile In length. It is only fair, however, to state that two ol these short journeys were racos for 2-year-olds. Buoh events are favorablo to the speculatively inclined, but from their shortness, and the fact that the horses run straight towards tho spec tators thero is not much to look at in the way of actual raoiug. ThiB year the Btandleh Han dicap waa mado one of these straight rune, ana, with that commendable punctuality which always charaotorises the meetings of toe V.R.O., 21 horses putt in on appearance at the post to contest it at 1 ocloox. Amongst the absentees were Danlop. Boolks, Bt. John and Lady Bell, end of the field remaining In the public piM1 their faith to that brilliant quarter of a toUe horse William Tell, despite the faot thst he waa giving lots of weight to everyta ins in the race. He went out at 6 to L »" was decidedly the best favorite, Hogmanay and Kohai also being supported with tolerable liberality Mr. Watson commenced tbe well by sending his first field off to an excel lent start, tbe favorite as usual gotting under way very quickly. He kept his head in front for the whole distance, and when asked at the end drew out clear of his field and finished In brilliant style to the dolight of the publio who thus oommenced with a favorite win, a stato of affairs which was maintained pretty well through the after noon. Ths distance of tho race waa six furlongs, this being a quarter of a milo shorter than it was on New Year's day, 1885, when Duration won. Another event over tho straight run followed in the Normanby Stakes, which ia now becoming one of the classical racos of the New Year's day mooting. There wore only seven horses named on tho card for it, but the whole of these oamo to tho post, tho South Anstralian flyer Hortcnso boing mado a warm favorite, despito her 14 lb. penalty. She went out at 5 to 4 on her, nnd justified the confidence o£ her bnokers by win ning with ease at tho finish. Escutcheon, who was second favorite, finished in second place. The Hurdle Raoo oamo next, and induced eight Starters, one or two of tho horses not appear ing at the starting post with the punctuality usually observed. Hosstroopor was an ab sentee, and Bine Mountain, who won tho last Hurdle Race run over tho Flemington course, was the accredited Baliarat horao, and ha was made a warm favorite at 5 to 4 on him. Qood- wood, Revenge and Bonnie Lad were at from 4 to 7 to 1, and tho latter figure could bo ob tained about that whilom hurdle- racing won der, The Agent, with Corrigan in the saddle. The little chestnut looked very fit, but he was novar really in the race, whloh Bine Mountain, 03refully handled by Soobie, won easily. No fails occnrred in tho race. Next came the principal race of the day, tho Bagot Handicap, for whioh 21 good horso3 oarriod silk. Last Now Year's day this race was a weight for-nge one, one mile and three quarters in length, and it was then only contested by three horses, and in the previous year only one horse— Commo tion — oamo to tho post for it On Saturday, through the faot that it was made a handicap and was also made a furlong shorter, and bocauso the prize was greatly enriohod, no less than 1000 sovs. added money boing given, a good field of ; horses was prepared to contest it. Silvermine was considered a likely horse to win, but it ' got known that All Gold was very fit, and that ! his party considered their chance little short of B certainty. In consequence, the horse by the time he went out with Gorry in the saddle had gone to3 to 1, Silvermine, Lord Wilton and The ; Nun also being supported, while Commotion, Britisher, Grace Darling, Camorino, Recall, Duration and Claptrap all had supporters rondy to take 12, 10 aud 8 to 1 shots about them. The race provod a very good ono. Harvester and The Lovito made most of the running, but the favorite oocupied a good forward posi- j tion all the time, and in the straight ho took the lead, and dospite the brilliant finishes mado by Reoall, Duration, Claptrap and Grace Darling, won, Gorry riding him home all ho ' knew. Tho win was at once meritorious 1 and popular, and tho return of tho horsoand j jockey to the weighing enclosure was tho signal for a demonstration of approval ou the 1 part of the pnblic. Silvormine was never prominent throughout tho race, and he finished up in the ruck. An unfortunate accident betel Commotion, who did not look nt nil wnll. ; When the horses woro going along the river ; tide the veteran broke down badly and stop- 1 pel It was found that ho was apparently in ternally injured, and it cannot but be regarded : as a pity that so gomo uud brilliant a race horse should eventually perform in so in- j glorious a manner. When Commotion >; eama out for the raco thore was applause j' from the spectators, with whom ho has j always been a favorite. In the Steepleohase Mr. S. Martin's colors were, as usual, carried | by Ltzotte, who won. There were only seven : i starters, and of these Lady Ashton, dospito her j 12 st. 3 lb. went out at 2 to 1, while Lizette, with 12 st 1 lb., was at 3 to 1. Tho race was V a chapter of accidents, Lizotto, Moonlight and ; Contingent boing tho only horses to get round without mistake. Lady Ashton, who was firmly handlod and . rattled straight | orer her jumps by M'Leod, took off too : far from the stone wall In tront of tho grand ; stand, aud, striking, camo to grass, falling ; partly ouM'Leod's right leg. The rider tried < to efloot a recovery without leaving the saddle, 1 but ho had to get out of tho way and lot tho ; niaro got up. Then with great gamenoss I10 remounted, nnd eont tho mare over the logs ,j before his feet were in tho stirrups. Ho suc ceeded in gotting Lady Ashton round tho i course, but could nevor got noar Lizette. ,j M'Leod waB covered with dust, had his leg bruiaed, and was muoh shakonby his fall Con- I tiogent was vory slow over tho big fences, j aud could not koop near Lizotto. Curiosity, . usually a safe jumper, fell through Lady ' Ashton makiug tho paoo too warm for him. 1U1MU10 uown awkwardly, but Jimmy King 1 csoaped with a shaking only. Tho horse got n awajr near the stone avail, whore a lad \- jsu.ht him, mounted, and then proceeded J to ran him ct the piokot fonco, with j the view of jumping him from the flat into ; tnc course. . The ridor was either ignorant or .1 carelosa of the faot that there ia a , double foneo, consisting of a picket inside to j keep the speotators on the flat in ohock, and a j broad railing on tho outsido to prevent tho -d !?l0.3, on rac'n8 horn running too near tho .4 Picket fenoo, over wbloli tho speotators Insist j on leaning. These two fences aro about 10 I , apart, and whon Curiosity, with his cus- 4 tomara gamonoss, oloarod tho picket fonco ho . j struck his ohost heavily against the othor fence j il« almost turned a somersault into '! 1d» ?, ? ' d"1 eucceed in sond- s !fon who was on his baek to a 'n.. - , . "orao was not much injured. I iue incident its ludicrous sido, and caused ? ruuftuecmont amongst tho spectators who '1 r JL - t10 last raco of tho afternoon was tho ' „"9",,u St®93> another eix furloug spin for 2- '1 L."", u3' tsro wore only seven starters, nnd i 0 "as mado a warm favorite ot 5 to , "0 .showed that ho deserved tho coufi- 4 winning with Base from Pingara and , j Tho dotaiis of tho racing aro as I »Mld Ds'"n of s,v'' «eh' will; 350 '4 S Ulller'i ri. h'lvm, ,0T''. Three- quarter.: of a uillo. , t Flor« 0 ? William 'loll, t> yrj., by Kettledrum ' i q 6 lb. ,, .. 1 j P Mhrt',8rt®8I!b,|I1,,,,,a rrt including 7 lb. j "p "ahym 4 Jrr'' ("including Hb? u\ "' ouhlln'j br h'sheet" Anchor, aKedo'"! 3 1 I T'TraeV'10"''4''8 at'"U lh."(8raS 0 | a. ARnevr a cli m Focaftoutaj, aged, 8 st. 2 lb. ..j W.K. Dailn'a ch h QiUntla Matiep'.'aged' lb! I J'olr')a ® 1110 (,ho.t.'.gcd"(lnclildl<1gl"0lb! ;1 ,r w.;i7.r_?l' 1 (wun.mii o -S - '"-"mgnami b rn Xmttppe, SjitJ., 7 st 9 lb. -"J J "rrhon'. b o Don OloVsn, 3'yrs., I S' "haa's ch m Straight Shot, s'yra . 7 itTlb. | 5 lb.' Lht"' B'yr«.<ltncludlagai) "3 iu. ' b or br Louise Berts, 3 yra, 8 st 12 J f __i!cnnL"oa'« b s lisroaoy, aged, 6 st"" I J C'cslsr, jui-'s. bi' c Lara, aVr.,, (Simmons) 0 Yrio's,.0 uon..t"' 3 „ J. HaJmoa'a br h Harreiter, .4 yw,, e'at. 71? J. Scoblo's brc St. Louts, 3 yra., 6 it. 8 ib. (Gr"I 0 P. Dowllug us b or br o Roiort, 3 yrs , 6 st f,',. (O'Connor) 0 Betting: 5 to 1 against Willlnm Toll, 0 lo 1 Hog- Ghnuini II . ' I? 10 1 coch struight Shot, Tho Ghost and llarrcster. On tho horses taking un their positions at tho starting post Pocshontss was noxt the Sheot Ane'hftr i.1'?ra'fe'1, Coronet, Kohsl, Meuottl, v„ . Anclior, St. Louli, Louise liertn. Sedition, Xsntlppo, llsrruter, lho Ubost, Don Glorsn. Retori and Lara occuplng tlio places across lho course, with Mr WaMoVllt St" fltU1 M,f "P 0:1 tho extl'<!11"1 outside. !, tfl flr" "ttempt sent the horses sway to a beautifully oren start, tho whole line appearing to Mmm'tll1"; a? 'lHo?1 Tell and Pocahontas, close to him on the Insido rails, were tho quickest to move Rogmanay and Louise Berts also showed prominently,' Ihfrl. ltall>S 'n the centre. Soditlon. Xsntlppo. "Pd M"r'e Loulso were In forward fhn nnr.i: i.n Qalntl,n Mstsep. retaining his place next f t als<> "P- Whoa a couple of furlongs had been travelled. Willlnm Tell ivos clearly In sdvanco of any of tho othor horses ; Hogmunsy, Loulso Boris, Soditlon, Harvester. Kohat, Tho Ghost, straight Shot and Maroney being close bchlad. At tlio end of another furlong tho favorite v»», if nnrthing, a little further el«ar of his flald and going rcry strongly, i'.ntering the coarse proper ho was fc least half a lencUi In front of Hogmanay, who was being ridden hanl. At tms point Harvester rande a run forward, but did not succeed in putting William Tell on his mettlo! nna a little later, as tlio horsos fl jw on towards the win ning post, Kolial made his effort, but ho also was unable to get on terras with the speedy chestnut Power, In the meantime, wai keeping hard at llogmanar, but ha could not succeed In getting any nearer William Toll, who, when called upon by Olds, about 150 yards from tha post, easily put a length between him and Hog manay as the judge's boxwaspassed. A very close finish for second place rosulted In Kohat being defeated by half a length, and Harvester was only defeated by a |jcl in a still closer run for third honors. St. Louis finished in fifth place, Coronet was sixth, Menotti seventh, Shcot Anchor and Loulic Berta being at the head ot tho others, while Lara, Pocahontas and Retort were at the rear of the field, the absolute last being Moroondah, who got off worst of any horse in the race. Ihnc, 1 mln. 15j sec. Tnp Nonlaser stakej, of 10 sovs. each, with 4OO added. For 2-year-olds. Second, 50 sors. : and third. 2a sovs. Five furlongs. C. L. Macdonald's br t Hortcnso, by Gang Forward —Josephine, 9 st. 7 lb. (Including I4 lb. penalty) E. Mitchclson's b c Escutcheon, byilusket— Rosette! 8 st. 101b. .. (Ivimy 2 w. Fcarson's br c Bedouin, by Darrlwell— Black Gipsy, 8 st. 10 lb (Wood) 3 J. If. Hill's b f Perhaps, bv Gang Forward— Perad- venturo, 9- at. 31b. (Including 10 lb. penalty) .. (Qnlnn) 0 R. G. Talbot's oh 0 Lord Alloa, by Napoloon— Talk ative, 8 st 10 lb (O'Brien) 0 S. Gardiner's br o Loyallit, by Tlio Marquis— Loval Peeress, 8 st. 101b (Uaghnn; 0 S. G. Cook's b f Lledertsfel, by The Drummer- Melody, 8 st. 7 lb. (Power) 0 Betting : 5 to 4 on Horlensc. 3 to 1 against Escut- choon, 6 to 1 Bedouin, 8 to 1 Liedcrtafol. After some little delay at the post, caused by Escutcheon aud Loyalist breaking away and kicking about, a fair start was effected, Uedertafel and Perhaps on the inside rolls, with Hortense lu the centre of tho course, being almost together in the front positions. These places were kept without much change until half tho journey had been completed. Then Perhaps was lu front, with Bedouin and Hortcnso in attendance on her, thore being apparently Tery little distance between them. At tho distance it was seen that Hortenso, with Campbell sitting still on her, was In front, whllo tho riders of Bedouin, Perhaps and Escutcheon were lutrd at work. However, they could not get near the favorite, who won easily by a lenirth from Escutcheon . niHlrmln half a length off, being third. Perhaps was amodcrato fourth, Lord Allen fifth, Leldertafcl elxth and Loyalist a bad last. Time, 1 mln. 4 sees. NORMANBY STAKES WINNERS. «j Horse. Pedigree. Time. J H 13 ® 1872jHercnles .. Yattendon— Nutcut .. 1 7 - 5 1873iMa!d of Avenel S t 0 ckUam— Mary Avenel .. 1 6 10 1874 Blink Bonny.. Boiordo — Lady Con stance.. - .. 1 " 6 -7 1875 Canterbury ..Tho Marqnfs — Lady V. Manners-Sutton ..17 6' 1876 Nowmlnstcr .. The MarquU— Spa .. 1 4 10 1877 First King .. King of tho King— Mis- chief .. .,1 61 10 1878Bosworth ,. Maribyrnong— Tho Fawn 16 12 1879 SouthHamilton King of tho Ring— Musldora .. ..15 14 1830 Gr&ndFlaneur; Vattendon— Firak Lady 1 51 11 1831 Liberator ,. Irlab King— Mobilo .. 1 4 13 1882 Navigator ..Robinson Crusoe— Co- coauut .. ,, 1 61 7 1833 Archio Rapidity— Eugonlc .. 1 4 10 1884 The Broker .. Goldsbrough «— Melody 15 6 1885 Monte Christo Chester— Kathleen . 1 3| 4 1886 Maddellna .. Neckerigat — Meg Mer- rills 1 5 9 1867 nortenso .. Gong Forward— Joso- phlns .. .. .. 1 4 7 Name of race changed to Normanby Stakes. IlntDLE Rack, of 5 sovs. each, with 200 added; second, 50 sovs. About two miles. J. Scoble's bk h Bluo Mountain, by Croagh Patrick — uslil r tfps ii at. 4 ik t.X Cn.u.i I J. 13. GUI's b or br g Whalebone, aged. 8st, (Williams) 2 T. Jones's b g Ooodwood. aged, 9 ate 9 lb. (in cluding 7 1U penalty). .. .. (Anderson) 3 W. A, Long's chh The Agent, aged, 12 st 61b. .. .. (T. Corrlgau) 0 II, Connolly ns b h Bonnie Lad, 4 yra, 10 at. (Gardiner) 0 M. Milne's brg Revenge, aged, 9 sr. 12 lb...(BAtty) 0 A. Davles's ch g LouU, 5 yrs, 9 st 5 lb. .. (O'Brien) 0 H. P. WhUty'a b m Moolgal, 9 yrs., 9 st. 4 lb. (M'Leod) 0 Betting : 5 to 4 on Blue Mountain, 4 to 1 agste Good wood , 6 to 1 Bonnio Lad, 7 to 1 each Tua Agent nnd Hcvango, Louis and Bonnie Lad were tho first to show in front, with Ponnle Lad In third place, Tbe Agent being noxt, with Moolgal last. Over tho first hardlo Bluo Mountain led, tho next horses being Whalebono and Tho Ageut, and over tho next hurdle tbe fnvarlto still shiwed the way, Loab, itevengo. Whalebone, Goodwood. The Ageut, Bonnie Lad and Moolgai fol lowing la order as written. Jiluo Mountain led Into tho straight and past tho ataitd, ho being followed by \Vhalobone, Bonnie Lad, The Agent, Louis and Revenge, with Moolgal and Goodwood fa the rear. Along tbe river side Whalebono went to tho front, tho others fol lowing being Louis, G«wilwood, Bonnie Lad, Blue Mountain, Tho Agont, Mcolgai and Revenge. As the horses turned away from the bridge, Blue Mountain was again at the head of affairs, with Tho Agont alongside lilm, Bonnio Lad, Louis, Goodwood, Uc- vonge and Moolgal mill being In the running. Pass- ing tho abattoirs Bluo Mountain lost a llttlo ground by jumping badly, sad Bonnie Lad appeared temporarily in the lead, he shewing about half u length in front of tho favurlto, the nearest bono to thorn boing Louis, a couple of lengths away. Then'cume Whalebono, Tho Agent, Revenge, Goodwood and Moolgnl, tlio last named now dropping back. Rovonge moved towards tho front at the training sheds were passed, but Blue ifouutatn (Oialned a good luatde posi tion In the van, Whalebone aud Louis being nearest of the others, into the straight . .Blue. . Mountain and Bonnie Lad led the way, with Revengo and Louis cioio outhera. As tho horses came along Bluo Mountain got to the front, and his victory was reduced to a cer tainty, as he lod in safety over the last hurdle. Ho woa comfortably by n couple of lengths from Whalebone, who made a good attorn pt to catch him at the flulah; Goodwood, who also came at the right end, gaining third place, only a head behind Whale"bono. Revengo , waa fourth, Bonnie Lad fifth, lire Agent slxtb, Loall IOVoUVU, Uitu uuuigai siiuu, 4 lulu. tcu. Baqot XUvmqaf,4& 19 iovi ekoh, with IQQQ added t second, 203 son.; anat&lrd;, tOOsora Ono mile and a half and a furlong. a Martin's eh h All Gold, 4 jri.,by Infldol— Golden Locks, 7 St. .. (Gorry) X R. Orr's b h Recall, 4 yrs. , 7 ah 7 1U (Including 7 lb. penalty) (E. Fewer) 2 J. Crlpps'a bk h Dnratton, 6 yra., 9 ate 0 lb. (Brown) 3 W. Pearson's b bV Commotion aged, 9 st. 6 Ih. (Wood) 0 9\. Nathan's b h fiardlus, 6 yrs., 8 ate 11 lb. . ,, „ .. (J, Williamson) , 0 J, G. Bald's ch m Graco Darling, 6 yn., 8 ate 11 lb. „ ,, ,/ (J, WUHams) 0 H. B. F&lklner;'s bk or g h Silvermine, 5 yra. 8 st. ® 18 .. (Trahan) 0 M. Longhlln's b g Britisher, aged, 8 at. 7 lh m .. . ,, ,, (Fallon) 0 R. K. Maitland's b h Meteor, 6 yrs., 8 at. 3 lb. > « .. .» (O'Brien) 0 M. Jacoba's b h Hufas, 6 yr,, 8 sf, 2 lb. (Moore) 0 E. W. Ellls'ach h Lord Wilton, 6 yrs,, 8 at. 2 lb. « ..(Sanders) 0 8\. Miller's br h Boolka, aged, 8 sL,. (Olds) 0 J. Whlttioghsm'a b h Claptrap, aged, 7 et. 9 lb. _ . .. ..(Kamage) 0 O. Davis's b m Camerlne, aged, 7 st. 7 lb. (D. Williams) 0 W. D, Robortson'a b.f Tbe Nun, 3 yrs., 7 st. 5 lb. 0 C. L. H'Donald's b h The Levlte, aged, 7 st. 1 lb. V ._ (O'Connor) 0 M. Jacobs's br h Metal, 6 yrs,, 6 st. 8 lb. (Redfearn) 0 Sir J, Clarko'a br h Fish 0' Silver, 4 yrs., 6 at. 3 lb. (Tomllo) 0 J. Halmes'sbrh Harvester, 4 yrs., est. .. (Bence) 0 S. Miller's b m Impnlso, aged, C st. . . (St. John) 0 S. Gardiner's br c Shark, a yra, 6 st 4 Ib.rincluding 4 lb. orer) (M'Causland) 0 Betting: 3 to 1-agalnat All - Gold, 5 to I Silvermine. 8 to I each Tho Nun and Lord Wilton, 10 to 1 each Graco Darling, Commotion, Britisher, Camerlne and Recall, 12 to 1 each Duration and Claptrap. When tho horses took up their positions at tlio post Camerlno and Recall were next the in3tde raits, with Boolka, Ciap- trap and AH Gold In close proximity. Sardlus, Bri- tlshor, Mettl, Harvester, Graco Darling and Impulse ware about the middle of the course, while Silver- mine, Rufus and Tho Nun wero nearer the north aldo, The Levlte and Shark being placed on tho extreme outside, where Tho Lavite, as usual, lashed out freely. One falso start took place after; which Mr. Watson sent tho lot away on very oven terms, Boolka, Recall All Gold, The Nun and Silver- mine being tho . quickest to get going. Passing the stand Camerlne, on the Inside rails, All Gold, Lord WUton. Britisher, The Nun and Impulse Joined the front division, Commotion and Grace Darling being last As the horses went round the turn and along the river sido Harvester appeared lathe lead, Camerlne being next to him. wth All Gold, Duration, Lord Wil ton, .The Nun, Brltlshor, SUvormiao, Tho Levlte and Recsll all in forward positions, Sardlus and Grace Darling being at the rear of the field. Harvester con tinued to lead along the river aide, aud approaching the bridge Commotion waa observed to swerve off tho course and atop suddenly. It was afterwards found that he had been injured and had broken down badly. Passing the bridge Harvester hai a slight lead ovor tho favorite, All Gold, Ilton and Camerlne coming next, with Britisher and Duration following closoly, Grace Darling stlU being last. Passing tho abattoirs Tho Levlte went to tho front, Harvester and All Gold still retaining good positions almost on equal terms with tho leader, while just behind were Lard Wilton, Britisher and Tho Nun, Shark now being last. Passlog the training sheds and entering on tho turn towards the straight, The Levlte Increased his lead to a couple of lengths, Ills nearest attendant as they raced towards tbe turn Into the straight being Britisher, Harvester, Rufni, Duration, All Gold and Fish 0' Silver. The Levlte, on the outslds, led Into the straight vrhcro Meteor came tip, Britisher, All Gold, Lord Wilton and Harvester being nearest to him at this point. Onco la the straight wnen the final effort came, AU Gold began to Improve his position, buthe was pursued by Duration and Recall. Duration made a brilliant effort, but he came a little too soon, and as the distance was reached It was seen that All Gold was retaining the leading position he had gained. However, Brown, who was on Duration, knew well the staying powers of his horsa and porscvcred all he knew to got on terms with All Gold. In tho meantime Recall waa also making a great effort to catch tho, ravorlte, and a brlillant finish took place, Power on Re.-all, and Gorry on All Gold, each using all his energies to get his horse home first. Gorry was success ful In landing tho favorite a w Inner by half a longth from Recall, Duration, only a length away, filling third place. Claptrap and Grace Darling, botli finishing well, wero fourth and fifth, camerlne sixth, Harvester, Impulse, Lord Wilton, The Nun, and Tho Lovito uext, with Sardlus and Rufus in the rear, and Shark absolute last. Aimo, 2 rain, 18$ sec. Steeplechase of 5 sors. each, with 300 added ; se cond, 60 sovs. ; and third, 25 sors. About two miles and a half-. S. Martin's b m Llxstts,' aged, by nieroglyph ,1? st l;'b- " (R. Batty) 1 J. M'Orade'j br g Moonlight, igotl, 9 at. 121b. .. .. .. .. (Allen) 2 W.Pearioa'f b m Lady AjUton, agod, 12 at. 31b. (M'Leod) 0 J. L. dough's b g Contingent, agod, 11 at. 2 lb ». « .. ..(Corrigan) 0 J. H'Donald's b m Lotltla, aged, 10 st. 11 ib. (Floyd) 0 W. A Mentlos's rog Cariosity, aged, 10 si. 5 lb. \- . .o, .. (J. King) 0 W. S. Cox, Jun.'a, bg Salesman, aged, 9 st. 7 lb. .< ,, .. (Owner) 0 Betting i 2 to I'flg&Inst; Lady Ashton, 3 to 1 Lizette, 5 to 1 Curiosity: Lady Ashton In her usual way proceeded at onco to' make tho paco lively, and before long sho, attended by Cariosity, was soon a considerable distance ahoad of the rest of the field. Letitia spoilt any chanco she might hare possessed by baulking at tho first fence, and' Salesman did likewise soon afterwards. Passing the training sheds Lady Ashton .was some 4 or 5 lengths ahead of Curiosity, Contingent, 10 lengths away, being noxt, with' Lizette beside htm. Moonlight being at tbe rear. The pace at which Lady Ashton was taking tho "Hold "along was 'a bit too fast for Curi osity, who -was trying to follow her, and tbe result was that the last named fell over the first of tho five fences In the straight, and got away from his rider. Lady Ashton Jumped In grand stylo over tho two succeeding obstacios, oat sho took off a bit too far from tho stone wall, and struck it and como down heavily In the dash However, the mare and her rider did their utmost to recover them selves without parting company, but withoat success, and a llttlo valuable time was lost before M'Leod was bnck in tho sadcllo agnlq and giving chose to Lizette. who had gone y with a great lead of Moonlight and vouungonc, mo lasc namea jumping naaiy. ino re mainder of the race was devoid of interest. Lizette led by nearly a quarter of a mile, and as alio negotiated her fences without mistake sho came In alone, Moonlight finishing ucxt. Contingent, who from tho fall of the flag was never really In the race, and Lady Ashton being the only other horsos to got ronnd. Letitia galloped up the straight with the others, L4it alio nover completed a round of the course. Time, Snu'n, 15$ sec. CciTBatOH Stakes, of 6 sovs. each, with 150 added. For 2-year-olds. Tbreo quarters of a mile. E. UltcheUon'f br e Escutcheon, by Moiket— Roiette, 7 st, 3 lb flvcmy) 1 >. Miller's br f Pingara, 7 st 2 lb. .. (Turner) 2 I L. Smith's b g Epicurean 8 st 10 10. (O'Brien) 3 J. Holmes's br c Albert Loddon, 7 st. 10 lb. .. (Grown) 0 S. Grimwood's br e Ormoudo, 7 st. 4 lb. (O'Connor) 0 S. Horsfall's b c St. Michael, 6 ste 12 lb. (Redfearn) 0 W. Pearson's b c Citadel, G ste 9 lb., Including 1 lb. over . .. .. .. .. .. (Rhodes) 0 BctUng : 5 to 2 on Escutcheon, 6 to 1 against Epicu rean. Piugara and Epicurean got array quickly, while tho favorite and Citadel wero slow la starting. Epicu rean, Plngara and Citadel wore prominent for the greater portion of the race, but as the distance was approached Ivemy let go of tho favorite's head, and lie at onco eamo to tho front, and won with tho greatest cuso by four lengths from Plngara, who was half a length ahead of Epicurean. Albert Loddon was fourth, St Michael fifth. Citadel and Ormonde finishing next, with Loyalist last, Time, 1 mln. 2) ssc. Amounts o! stakes woa at tho Now Year's Day mooting aro as follow S. Martlu: 1st, Bagot Handicap, £1018; 1st, Steeplechase, £292; 2nd, Btandlsh Handicap, £100 .. £1410 C. L. Macdonald: 1st, Normanby Stakes. .. 54 1 S. Miller: lsr, Standlsh Handicap, £453; 2ul, Criterion stakes. £3 - .. .. 458 G. Hltchelsou: 1st, Criterion Stakes, £202 ; 2nd, Normanby Stakes, £50 .. .. 252 J. Scobie: 1st, Hurdle Race, 264 R. Orr: 2ad, Bagot Handicap .. 200 J. Crlpps: 3rd, Bagot Handicap . .. 100 J. B. Gill:. 2nd, Hurdle Race 60 J. .M'GraJo: 2nd, Steeplechase 60 \T. Pearson: 3rd, Normanby Stakss .. . 25 Total .. £3290 