JOHN TOLOO-TES S#ßJ$L^0N. : WOT A JW)Vii BTOBYi ; T SHE rose, standing vers straightly, with au in voluntary stiffness of (shoulders and Chin. . ' ' . ': - < ... ,,, , 'And this is your^finaJ-decudoii, Mr. Lake P' she said, iii a voice of quiet apathy. Its calm despair told of battle pastv-of wëapons tried and found «navaiÜug. ' I regret to be compelled to *«ay '<it: is, Mrs. Tolcott ; but justice compels roe to adhere to the course Ibave taken. Unless I should receive iudisputablë! proof of you*husband's inpocphce, which! consider as à foregone conclusion'tb b^ least, most'improbable/Ï cannot consider that leniency , on my part toward 'bis flagrant breach of trust woixld be' warrant ; abie, I could bare forgiven almost any \ wrong easier than the one ' committed. I i deeply regret,1 madam, the necessity that forces me to wonud you with thesé plainly spoken truths, ]btit it is better than^you should understand ray reasons,1 andklso ¡ my answer to the request that you1 have several timöB made to me ls-irrevocable.' The womau before him stood like a figure of stone. He was nf raid she was going to have an ; outburst, of anger,' or hysteric8,l'and wished nervously that -^he . would go. The annoyance, that^a&er; several visits to his, office had gijven,Mm . [ had increased almost into a ^p'ersouàl dis i like for her. Her husband had acted j sensibly at his' dismissal ; and' had made but one appeal. Whydidshe persist.!in thrusting herself for ward in *his behalf at I all P " He felt sure that her imsband had [ done him a cruél wrong!/ " A; woman's place was at home, any way, aüd nöt ; in a matt's business office'. , .;- .;--;U Robert Lake was apt'tb be too sújj¿ of things. His positive opinions ! ^ften meddled with justice and threw :thëm Selves heavily into the scale, that'-they considered ought to shceeed; in outweigh- ing the other-side; TO-nîght he'-^was conscious of an irritating conviction that there might be sonietLingto be «aid for that other side, bufc'the '. fèeling^wap thal strong enough to demand more thak 'au unwilling recognition; not strong Enough to wake the., native nobleness of his character to acknowledgment of having beeu in the wrong. Mw. Tolcotfc said some common place sentence of adieu after that last terrible yon), .irrevocable,' that seemed heating itself on her brain wjtb a regplnr peuduUun-like repetition ' ol' movement. She felt a wild desire to tell this mau that she would never accept his de» Mon ; buta realising sense of how impotent ho would consider tho mittons that hacked this assertion retrained its utterance. To almost any other, perhaps, of the thou- sands of clerks employed in tho city, such ¡ a dismissal would mean little moro than : a temporary set-back ; bat with John ! Tolcott, only his wife realised tho force ! of the blow it dealt him. Naturally of a morbidly over-sensitive nature, a life from childhood of disappointment and trouble had increased these unfortunate tendencies until he grew to hate And distrust the , world, so hard and cruel it seemed tb him. When be mot his wife, the pent-up love of his being centered iu her ; but, conflict- ing with his desire to make heir his wife was the superstitions conviction that he had been boru under an unlucky stsr.hmd a morbid fear to see her suffer through bis misfortune meant only a finer torture, a ¿ inore intenso form of cruelty that the i^tates held in store for him. The glory of / his love had bauishci these doubts and the ' tranquil happiness of a year's married lite had almost reassured him when this blow fell. Au act of troachory against the Government, somo years before; had been unearthed and the papers teemed.,with the names of the suppoed instigators. The name of a great man, some time dead, had been conspicuous among them; but any proof that could nail the smirch to his juemory had been wanfciug. Robert Lake Wis known ; to have baon his most intimate friend and, consequently, had beeu inter- viewed s.veral times, but with hauling results. He had told his. confidential clerk, John Tolcott, of the existence of some^corres pondence in his possession, which, in addition to the present suspicion against his* deceased friend, would bo almost a fatal blctt to the memory of his good »ame. Ho had warned him te be careful in not leaving the safe, iu which tho papers were ^kept, opou,8ayiug that for certain reasons, he was not yet at liberty to destroy them, A week after this courerrfation he awoke one morning io real in print, undi r the sensational headings of a daily news {»aper, the letters of his dead ftiend to limself. garnished and embellished with all the devices for exciting public interest peculiar to sensational journalism. He walked down to his oSk'fl in au angry and vindictive frame of miud. He had seen the papers there only two days before. No one beside himself and John Tolcott possessed the knowledge of the combina- tion on the safe lock. ' No one oise was allowed to enter tho vault. More than all, no one else knew even of the existence ot the papers, and he had called this man Tolcott's attention to their impertance. He found the office empty, save for the porter who was making 1 he fires and who shrank back before the rigid face that Mr. Lake presented, as lie entered, and, making bis way straight to one of the vaults, began turning the handle with a practised hand. The inner mechanism responded to his manipulation and the door swung open with a dull clang. The buudle of papers was gone. Another man than John Tolcott would have given anger for auger, would hare protested his innocence again and again, would have fought long and hard rather thau submit to such au accusation ; but his dignified denial only intensified the other's rage against him. Had he con- fessed his guilt, Robert Lake thought he could have shot him without compunction for he considered he well deserved it for his treachery. His denial he regarded the natural action of a coward to escape blame. To his wife, John Tolcott said; ' lt has begun. I though this peaceful happiness wa s too gooda thing to last, with such an unlucky creature as lam. Troubles never come Bingly; they will pile up now to only God knows what a height. But this time, my poor girl they will fall upon you as well* as on rae. Why did you over marry me r1 I wish I waa dead !' Nine months passed and Robort Lake ¡heard no more of the Tolcotts, though ? sometimes, when he thought of the ex- pression of hopeless despair ou the wife's . lace, as he had last beheld lt, an inward compunction caused bim to wince a little. But life was full of sorrow, he reflected, and bia thoughts turned to his own. The look of worry and .unrest his face had worn for years, hud increased of late and no ' amount of work or play, the only two known remedies for this state of mind, fouid banish it. ' And co wonder/ people add ; ' he has his sorrow at home/ ^Five years before, Robert Lake, then a wonderfully successful business man, had married a beautiful girl. With her lat his side, his future scamed to stretch before him, a pleasant path of joy and calm, when tu iden ¡y, out of a clear sky fell the lightning. During the first year of her marriage thc beautiful Adèle Lake was thrown from her carriage and received injuries from which her brain bad never recovered. Husband and friends sought to evade the terrible truth, but Hmo at last forced its acceptance upou them. I With so much to make life worth the I living, and blessed with glowing physical ' health her mind must remain diseased, its balance destroyed and tho womanly self-poise that had marked her character replaced by tho wilful vagaries of a petu- lant child. The best medical opinions pro» uouncod recovery hopeless. Mer husband carried out his own will in tho matter, neither inviting advice nor discussion on the subject, nor thanking anyone who volunteered either. All tho suggestions as to his wife's removal to au asylum were met with a curt refusal. He had her carefully watched and guarded at home aud kept her for himself. The more irremediable became her mental state, the more the tendrils of his heart wousd about her, the more he yearned to shelter and care for her; and Death, whom some would have regarded a's a deliverer, ha dreaded more than all. Austere or coldly presice to the world, as tho door of his home swung to behind him, he opened the floodgate of his nature and let the pent up waters of imagination and sontimeut wash away tho dust and grime that wordly contact had tiaro wu about his spirit. Of late his wife lind been somewhat better and tho terrible fits of rage which had been common, whenever her will was crossed, had been less frequent. She had shown an increasing fondness, so the nurse told him, for fancy needleworks, par- ticularly a certain kind of lace-work which was made upon a pillow. This pillow she carried constantly about with her, even taking it with her on her drives »nd goiugto sleep quietly, iE it was placed beside her at night. Robert Lake caught at every straw. Despite the seeiniug inevitable, he still hoped forbetter things. Thenursealsospoke of Adele's fondness forasewing-woman who had beeu employed by the housekeeper. She sometimes had insisted on the woman's accompanying them on their drives. These requests had always beeu acceded to. ' By all means,' Mr. Lake emphatic- ally said, 'even if we paid her for a day's work when she never took a needle iu her hand.' It was uumistakibly a good sign a great step from the morose irritability with which »he had persisted iu shunning all her former friends. So Mrs. Tolcott, who was the seamstress who had attracted the wayard fancy of Adele Lake came frequently to the house, but took care never to meet the master. Her spite had never faltered from that terrible first hour when her husband had cried out against his life. She said no- thing about tho strong under- current that swept alone with her surface lifo, but its force thrilled her inmost soul. While she had life she would fight against the wrong that had been done her and herí. About Robert Lake and al) that concerned him thor«? hung a strange fascination for her. She could not have told. in what it lay, nor whence arose the vague expecta- tion that clung to her whenever she visited his house; bat ia some way connected with him she felt the mystery "vould be solved. f One afternoon lier husband came home i later than usual, pallidly passive, aswas Iiis wont nf late. Niue months he had been hunting for work, but! with the exception nf an odd day or two now and again, had been unsiiccossf ni. * You are late, John,* his wife said, speaking with a j nervous buoyancy, after one hurried glance I at ins face." ' Nothing new to dav, but ! that is quite as well,' she continued j quickly noticing the sarcastic lines that j deepened round his mouth, 'for I have brought a real live hope home with me lo- .} night, and wo haven't had even the, ghost. of ónéíór solong.'' ; 1 , Her husband smiled faintly and made I an effort to appear interested, so apparent- : ly mechanical that she had'rather hé had1; not made it. ' * I met Mrs. Clyde, an'old friend and j schoolmate; and, as I heard that her husband is to bea Director in the new bank some capitalista are projecting, I ' asked her to use her influence in securing a position for you. She promised to do ' all in ber power.* She stopped speaking, for her husband was regarding her with a penetrating gleam in his dark éyëB. ' 'To whom did you refer her, to vouch ', for my ability ?'. ?Why, to Mr, Laka, dear. I had to,' she added; ' for there is noothar business man here to whom your abilities are known. Ton have never worked for "any ©ne else in this city.' ' John Tolcott laughed a short bitter laugh. ' My abilities, my poor wife, are unavail- ing aKainéttthelide ithftthas stet against UB. It is no use to fight against one's fate, and minc is to be- unfortunate. It has beeu so all my life-childhood, boy- hood manhood-and it will be so until I die. As the time goes on, I only sink deeper and deeper into the gulf of misery. The only respite I have known was when you came and stood on the brink. I had no right to drag you down with me. It was criminal on my part, when I .blinded my eyes to the fate that hiing over xne* ' '"No1. No î Jolau, don't think about 6ueh awful things. Don't give way to such superstition,' sile said bravely. 'And if such really is our fate, wo will die fighting it.' Ah, if she could only conquer this fatal superstition, for she felt its power over him growing day by day. * I am going out again after dinner,'Tolcott said, after i a moment's silence. And, as he lifted his .head, his wife saw that the passionate firo had died out of his eyes ; they wore again their look of hopeless apathy. ' I heard of something to day,' he continued, * that promises work for a day or two and I must see about it to- night, for it is over two weeks now since I contributed a dollar to the household exchequer.' After he had goue, Mrs. Tolcott finished the scanty housework needful, and then went through tho formality of getting out some sewing; but she knew all the while that she would only sew for a few moments before she would throw the work down and hurry, with feverish impatience, to the neighbsurhood of Robert Lake's house. Au impulse too strong te bo resisted forced her to return and haunt the vicinity again. Her reason remonstrated with her for yielding to the influence. Sho needed rest and quiet, she knew ; but whore could she get them, "while this feverish, gnawing pain 4 at her heart lasted. Her landlady had said to her that morning, as John Tolcott passed lier tn commence his wandering search for the day ; * 'Pears like he isn't over st rong. Seem as if he's one 'terter work 'ith his head and not'ith his hands. ' Pears more like 's if he'd lost his grip.' ' Lost kia grip /' The words repeated themselves until they made Mrs. Tolcott's solitude horrible, ' Lost his grip !' and ' grip' meant, in wordly phraseology, his wordly soul. Should she be able te keep that dear hand at its post ? To close her helping hand over the inert fingers and tighten their relaxing hold ? She threw herself into her cloak and hat. Walk she must walk- the bouse was stifling. The clock had struck five and Robert Lake had begun to Bhiifile and sort, with the assistance of rubber bauds of various sizes, the masses of papers that were spread over the desk before him. He put on his overcoat and hat in silence, with the exception of the single ' good night/ addressed to the several clerks in general ; te which they responded with as mechau i itial an action as the clock's striking, being i iu the habit of responding regularly at five minutes past five over three hundred days ¡ out of the year. With exception of this I single expression, he said not a word till he reached his home. Many nodded as he passed or said a word of greeting, but he responded only with a nervous gesture. ' He seems to be petrifying, his face is so stony/ a ainu remarked to his companion as he passed by. Great would have beeu his astonishment, could he have seen this ' steiiv' man, in his own house, half au hour later. As the front door swung back to the tnrn of Robert Lake's latch-key, a figure stood at the end of the hall, that startled even him, accustomed as ho was to his wife's vagaries. There she, was clad io a loose tunic of pale blue silk, belled with a silver girdle and reaching only to the kuee. Her limbs were encased in pale blue tights and on her feet wero dainty sandals, finished at onch heel by a tiny white wing. On her head she wore a hat of silver cloth, set somewhat fur back, on the short auburn ringlets; and on the sides, over each rosy ear, was a snow-white wing. Her arms were bare and she carried a silver staff lightly in her hand, waving it about grace- fully as she moved. 'Look at mo! Admire me !'she called out, laughing gleefully, as she whirled around on oue winged foot, for his inspec- tion. f You are always beautiful to m*», my darling,' her husband said with a deep sigh, looking at her sorrowfully. ' But do not look so doleful about it.' she said, suddenly stopping. Then, with an angry stamp of her foot, she crowded rudely past him. 'Let me go. I say. I Bhall ger admiration enough outside; and what a sensation I shall create ?' Her husband threw his arm 'gently around her and humbly begged her to forgive him, promising to do anything she wished. ' I was only afraid you would take cold ! in this costume, on such a bleak, bluster- j lng night,' he said iu tho soothing tone one uses to a oick, petulant child. * Bee,' he ' added, pointing to her feet, where the skin showed plainly through the thin silk1 covering. The anger died out of her j beautiful eyes, and an eager interest flamed up In its place. * j ' * Theil, if you will do anything I wish, \ vou will go at once and put on the costume ' I have had made for yon. I am Mercury, as you perceive ; you are Neptune.' 'Well, my darling, anything to please you. Only you must promise me not to talk of going into the street again. I am at your disposal for an hour ; then I must leave you, as I am obliged to return to the office to-night.' ' Only an hour,' she said, pouting a little, 'that is such a little time to give, and, after duiner we are to weet all tho other gods.' Fifteen minutes later, if one could have looked into the dining-room he would have seen an odd sight. Robert Lake, the dignified business man, seated at his table, arrayed iu a sea-green mantle, crowned with a gilt bauble, and with a glittering trident standing behind his chair. Before he left the house lie sent for tho nurse. ' What is the meaning of this new freak !' he asked, with a grave seriousness. * What is your opinion of tin's chauge from the passive statu she has beeu in of late ? What does it portend P' He awaited her answer anxiously. ' I thiuk it is nothing ot a serious nature, Mr. Lake,' the nurse replied. * She is already tired of her queer dress, and says tho gods aro tiresome sud she did not wish to see them. It-was a queer dress, but it has innocently occupied her mind iu planning and directing the mak- ing of it. Sho threw it asido carelessly wh6n she went to bod and I don't think sha will even ask for it again. AU she wanted was her pillow lacework and she is sleeping now as quiet as a baby.' So Robert Lake weut down to his office through tho chill, wet nisrht, ji little comforted, bnt in a reflective mood, 'Adple had boen weird iind wild wit h her old con- ceits, but how beautiful she had looked in all of them,' he thought, with a sigh, that tho crowning glory of a beautiful form, the clear light of a pure soul, should be dimmed by dispase. ' Ah ! well,' Ii3 con- cluded, 'I will not check her fantastic freaks.' They wero better, anything was better, than the temblé fits of voilence she had been subject to in times past ; when, from her beautiful lips had poured language that made him wince aud shudder, though he kuew it came uot from herself but from the evil spirit that possessed her. The only wonder was, where in her carefully-guarded life had she heard such awful thiugs that had stored themselves away in an old corner of her brain to hold sway now and make her puro spirit tho mouthpiece of the foulness. They had boen dormant for ! some lime, but bo dreaded their awaken- ing with a nervous sensitiveness. ! From across tho street Mrs, Tolcott, ; walking slowly through tho fog, saw Robert Lake close the house door behiud him aud disappear in the direction of the business centre. She walked to the upper corner of the block and turned, looking back with an aimless gaze towards the row of houses. It was a dreary night. Every point aud corner of the wall aud cornice wept condensed fog. The city was wrapped in the folds of a damp, gray veil, through which the outlines of all objects were blurred and lights blinked uncertainly. Suddeuly Mrs. Tolcott gazed more intcntlv iuto the fog. She thought she saw a dark figure glide dowu the street, from the side gate of Robert Lake's house ; but it vanished so quickly that she could not be sure. She thought she must be growing fanciful, and, sternly out of patience with herself for yielding to the desire that led her out of doors, she set her face homeward. The next morning she was startled by the appearance at her door of the white, frightened face of Mrs, Lake's nurse. * Hasn't elie been hore either P' the woman gasped. 'Haven't you seen my poor ladyP Ab! woe's me that I ever left her last night. I am ruined-mined ! No one will ever trust me again. I can't stop to tell you about it,' she said, turning togo. 'Stop!' cried Mrs. Tolcott. She was deadly pale and her words came slowly, but with the suppressed fire of intense excitement. ' You must tell me all you know,' commanded the woman. ' May God forgive me for ever leaving her, but she had beeu so quiet-like,of late, that I thought I could leave her with Eliza, the chamber-maid, just for a few hours, while I went to the theatre with some friends. She acted a little queer at dinner-time, after she got on that costume you made for her, and I thought then I'd give up going out, but. she went to sleep with her pillow- work, just like a baby, and it was Saturday night, and my friends had bought the tickets, so I thought I'd go. Ah! woe's me that I ever did it!' and the woman broke out sobbing. ' Go on !' Mrs. Tolcott commanded. * That's all. When Eliza went down- stairs, the poor lady was sleeping beauti- fully, and when she came up again, after a few minutes, the room was empty and they couldn't find her anywhere. When I got home the master was going about as if he was crazy himself, and the house all upset ; and. what with being questioned by him aud the detective until I was half crazed, I never thought to come here till this morning.' 'I will go back with you,' said Mrs. Tolcott, putting on her ' bonuet as she spoke. She did not tell the woman, but she knew now that the figure she had seen slipping away in the darkness had been no fancy, but the unfortunate, beautiful creature of whom she had grown so fond. The suffering and agony on Robert Lake's face touched her deeply. She did not. recall her uame to his memory, but simply introduced herself as a sowing womau of his. 41 wish a word with you alone,' she said calmly, and, when the nurst» had gone, siie continued. * I think I saw Mrs. Lake leave the house last night.' 'What do you say P' he cried. 'You saw her leave the housa ? Why did you not stop herr" ' 1 was too far away to be sure that it was she or anyone, bat now I am certoiu that she loft tite house a few minutes after you did.' Tim mau opposite her looked up tn his anguish, a speechless reproach in his e}res. 'I was not sure,' she went ou, 'that what I saw was only a portion of the fog the wiud had driveu down suddenly. But bave you no clue-have you found nothing to guide you ?' 'Nothing. Our search has boen absolu tely fruitless. I know you now, Mis. Tol- cott. Ol», my God ! not to know, not to know where abe is 1' His agony was terrible to see, as he buried his f c> iu his arms on the table b< fore him. She felt that there was a kinship in their sorrows. This fearful unsnrpatioa of the will-this terrible disease of the brain, that gave a fiend possession of their loved owT, lt threatened her; it bad tuigulfed him. She stood very erect before him, as she liad done on that other day, nine months before ; only this time hers was the guiding will. It was she who decided, he who followed. ' We must be strong, Mr. Lake, and act quickly. I think she followed you last night. Where did you go P 'To my office,' he answered. 'I went alone and came alone. I saw no one while there.' ' Are you quite sure she could not have entered without your knowledge P' ' Yes, I locked the door behind me.' ' Did you lock it immediately upon your arrival P Could she not have slipped in -she was very alert, you know.' He winced at the past tense which she had advertently used, but said hesita» tiugly : 'No; I did not lock the door until I had turu ed up the gas; but how could it be possible that she would stay there without me beiug informed P ' 'You forget that it is Sunday-the i office is closed. Did you' She paused as the idea occurred to her like au inspiration. She almost whisper» I ed the words. ' Did you have the vault I nnnnV' ' Great Godî woman, yes ! I must go, he cried, and pushing past her he left the house, springing into the detective's car riage which stood before the dioor. With hands that shook, as with an ague, Robert Lake turned the knob of the vault. * Olick, click-would the lock never respond ? Many hours had passed. Would he hud her alive P or was it her tomb he was striving to open P' At last the dull clang of the sliding bolts, as they were thrown back, was heard, and the outer door swung open. He grasped the iuner door and swung it open. There prone on her beautiful face, she lay. Gently they raised her. Site was alive, but unconscious. Her white forehead was bruised and bleeding, where she had beaten it against the walls of her prison ; aud her lovely ringlets were matted and soaked with blood. After week's of delirium, Adele Lake awoke one morning, her former self. The tumour ou the brain, that bad caused her insanity, had been absorbed, so the doctors said. The blow she bad given her head on that terrible night in the vault, had miraculously worked her cure. They had found in her dress private papers of her husband, and tho supposition was, that she had slipped into tue otiiou while, her husband was turning up thu light, and later, had glided iuto the vault and taken the papers, when a drowsy spell, such as she was subject to, had crept over her, and «he awoke only at the clang of the heavy doors that closed upou her. Mrs. Tolcott went frequently to the house during the days of sickness, and one day she asked of Robert Lake a favour, namely, that he should cut open the lace work pillow which his wife had so jealous- ly kept iu her possession. There had been no opeu expression between them of their thoughts on the subject, but each knew what the other suspected, namely, that that visit had not been -the first which Adèle Lake had clandestinely made to her husband's office. Intuition also told them that, in some way« she was the innocent cause of the troubles of the Tolcotts. ¿ ¿ Ia the pillow they found all the miss- ing letters, except those published by the newspaper. These she must have dropped in the street, to be found and made nae of by one who little dreamed the tragic story they caused. John Tolcbtt's honor was vindicated, and he was saved from the dreadful calamity which threatened to be the annnanp.n nf hi» mmßrntitinn. I E. S.B. 