THE GHOST’S TOUCH. IRISH EVICTIONS. BY WILKIE COLLINS. Mr Balfour has addressed a letter to a Somersetshire gentleman who drew his atten tion to the fact that certain statistics quoted by Mr Gladstone during the debate on the Crimes Bill were being extensively cii ciliated through the country as illustrations of the results of English rule in Ireland. Mr Bal four says:— “ The authority which Mr Gladstone gave for these ligurcs were described by him as a ‘ useful work recently published by an emi nent statistician.’ The figures in question were as follows:—Persons evicted in Ireland in the present reign, 3,605,000; died of famine, 1,225,000; number of emigrants, 4,15G,000. These statements contain very grave inaccuracies, to which it is much to be regretted that Mr Gladstone, by accepting and quoting them withontexamination, should have lent the authority of his name. The first is an exaggeration so extraordinary that it is hard to understand how it came about that Mr Gladstone, familiar as he must be with the authorised statistics on the subject, should not have at once detected it. The total number of evictions recorded in the official returns laid before Parliament is 113,202, and the total number of persons in cluded in the families of these evicted tenants 577,553. From these figures we must deduct 177,721, being the number of persons who were immediately readmitted to their hold ings either as tenants or caretakers, thus obtaining 399,532 as the actual number of persons evicted, or less than one ninth part of the number stated by Mr Gladstone. It should be added that large numbers of these persons subsequently came to terms with their landlords and resumed possession of their holdings. From the second statement wc are apparently intended to infer that death from famine has been a characteristic incident of the reign of Queen Victoria.. This is not the case. With the exception of the terrible period which followed the failure of the potato crop in 1547, no part of Her Majesty s reign has been appreciably marked in Ireland by deaths from privation or want. According to a careful calculation made by the Regis trar-General for Ireland, uot very much over one-half of the numbers stated by Mr Gladstone died from causes directly or indirectly attributable to the awful visita tion of ISI7- Any attempt to connect the potato disease with a political cause is evi dently absurd, but conjectures may legiti mately be made as to the extent to which the calamity would have been aggravated but for the English connection, and it is well to remember that in order to meet this crisis the Imperial Treasury advanced £1,700,000 on loan to provide employment for the labor ing poor, and that of this amount over £4,250,000 was within the year remitted or written off as a gift. It is not so necessary to consider the accuracy of the last statement (emigrated from Ireland, 4,ISO,000), for it must surely be admitted to be at least an open question whether emigration has not alike benelited those who left and those who remained. Even now, after an enormous reduction in the population, parts of the country are known as the ’congested dis tricts,’ and so lately as ISS3 Mr Gladstone’s Government legislated for the purpose of en couraging State-aided emigration, .accord ing to Mr Gladstone’s own showing upon the occasion when he quoted these figures in Par liament, the 4,090,000 of emigrants are estimated to have amassed wealth in their adopted countries to the amount of £G55,000,000 sterling, while they had sent £39,000,090 home to their friends, thus giving evidence of a state of prosperity to which they could never have attained within the narrower limits of Ireland. _ I perceive from the newspaper extract which you enclose that Lord Kilooursio announced tu a public meeting that, regarding the sub ject of these statistic? as ‘ a great Christian question,’ he had given instructions to have Mr Gladstone’s ligurcs printed and sent to every Liberal club in South Somerset.’ It is to be hoped that if he has carried out that determination he will still further elucidate this ‘ Christian question’ by circulating cor rections, in the absence of which his oiigiual statement cannot be otherwise than wholly misleading.” 