Sftetci)ei\ Some Similes. "The child of the past and the parent of the future" is not an unhappy simile for the — present. Happiness has been likened to a ghost ; all talk about it, but few, if any, have ever seen it. Ambition s ladderrests against a star, remarks a clever writer, who also tells us that a provorb is a short truth sandwiched between wit and wisdom. . t Eloquence is a coat of many colors judi ciously blended. No one tiling will make a man eloquent. Flattery has been termed a kind of bad money to which our vanity gives currency. Society, like shaded silk, must be viewed in all situations, or its colors will deceive us. Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together; and charity is an angel breath ing on riches ; while graves have been poetically called the footsteps of angels. Language is a slippery thing to deal with as some may find when selecting their similes. Says a certain writer, "Speak of a man's marble brow, and he will glow with conscious pride, but allude to- his wooden head and he's mad in a minute." The young lecturer's similes were gath ered in a heap" when lie expressed the whole body of his argument on deceit in tlie following : — .... "Oh, my brethren! the snowiest slurt front may conceal an aching bosom, and the stillest of all collars encircle a throat that has many a bitter pill to swallow." It lias been truly said that the abilities of man mustfallsliort on one side or other, like too scanty a blanket when you are in bed ; if you pull it upon your shoulders, you leave your feet bare ; if you thrust it down upon your feet, your shoulders are uncovered. The man, we are told, who has not anything to boast of but his illus trious ancestors, is like a potato — the only good belonging to him being under ground. A man at a.dinner in evening dress has been likened to a conundrum : you can't tell whether he is a waiter or a guest. A Yankee, describing a lean opponent said, "That man doesn'tamount to a sum in arithmetic— add him up and there's noth ing to carry." All American critic in reviewing a book said, — \- "The rhythm sounds like turnips rol ling over a barn floor, while some lines appear to have been measured with a yard stick, and others with a ten foot pole." An amusing illustration was given by a parent when asked by his boy, — "What is understood by experimental and natural philosophy." "If anyoue wants to borrow money," he answered, "that is experimental philo sophy. If the other man knocks him down that is natural philosophy ?" Curious and comical illustrations seem natural to many children. A little girl, suffering from the mumps, declared she felt as though a headache had slipped down into her neck. "Mamma," said another youngster, alluding to a man whose neck was a series of great rolls of flesh, "that man's got a double chin at the back of his neck." A little three-year-old, in admiring his baby brother, is said to have exclaimed, — "He's got a boiled head, like papa." Talking of curious similes — among the southern languages of India is the Telogoo or Teliua, so rough in pronunciation that a traveller of the nation speaking it before a ruler of Bokhara, admitted that itssound resembled "tlie tossing of a lob of pebbles in a sack." A simile for scarlet stockings is firehose— laughter is the sound you hear when your hat blows off — and trying to do business without advertising is said to lie " like winking at a girl in the dark." An unpoetical Yankee has described ladies' lips as the glowing gateway of beans, pork, saur-kraut, and potatoes. This would provoke Marryat's exclamation of "Such a methaphorl never met afore." Much more complimentary was the old darkey's neat reply to a beautiful young lady whom he offered to lift over the gutter, and who insisted she was too heavy.. "Lor, missy" said he, "I'se used to lift ing barrels of sugar." Wit from a man's mouth is like a mouse in a hole ; you may watch the hole all day, and no mouse come out, but by-and- by, when no one is looking for it, out pops the mouse, and streams across the parlor. Marrying a woman for her money, says a philosopher, is very much like sotting a rat-trap and baiting it with your own finger. An American writer says : — "A man with one idea always puts me in mind of an old goose trying to hatch out a paving- stone." An editor's simile of man's career is summed up in the lines : — "Man's a vapor full of woes, starts a paper, busts, and goes." 