Maryborough. September 21. WITHIN the last fortnight two fresh medicos have settled down in the town-Dr. Penny Dr. Maxton. This makes now six doctors within our walls. Up to the present, however, the town is very healthy and the mortality low . The Health Committee of the Municipal Council have at last braced themselves up to take steps to compel owners of dilapidated properties in the town to put them in a habit able state. Curious to say, it is the wealthiest citizens of our town who own the most miser able dwellings, which are chiefly inhabited by Chinese. Respectable as we are outwardly, we are not without Chinese opium dens, where numbers of both sexes- mostly kanakas and Chinese-can be found any night lying dazed under the influence of opium. There are also several gambling-houses here, where fantan is played nearly all night without the interference of the police. We seem to pay too high a price for our vegetables. A quarterly mining journal is announced to be published here, the first number of which appears next month. The compiler professes to give every information with regard to the mining companies and claims in the Wide Bay and Burnett district, and to be a reliable guide to investors. The Burrum Coal Prospecting Company, who are working the diamond drill on their ground near Torbanelea, have discovered several payable seams, the last found being 4 feet 11 inches thick, which they intend shortly to work. There is now a good amount of coal sent weekly to market from the Burrum field, much of it being exported to northern towns. The weekly receipts on the Maryborough line are showing a steady increase, the mileage now run being more than last year. Last week's returns show receipts nearly £1,300, the highest yet recorded here. As Mr. Annear pointed out in the House, the Maryborough line is the second best-paying line in the colony, and is a good argument for the hurrying on of the Mungarr to Gayndah line. The line to Bundaberg is expected to be completed by the end of the year. The big gun sent up here some months ago for the use of the Naval Brigade is now being mounted and placed in position, after which we can read the European news with more equani mity. On the other hand, a spirit of insubor dination reigns among our Defence Force, on account of their annnal pay being so long deferred. Brian Hooker's minerological classes are still being well attended by students, many of whom are now proficient in the use of the blowpipe. The opening of the new Oddfellows' Hall was celebrated on Friday night by a triple ar rangement of tea, concert, and ball, all well at tended by members of the order and others. Our Fire Brigade station is now up to a height of 72 feet, its intended altitude. The steel bell-a gift from Mr. Thos. Braddock-is now in position, and has a tongue loud enough to be heard all over the town. We have now four towers in Maryborough, from all of which flne views may be had, namely, St, Paul's Church bell tower, the post office tower, the fire brigade tower, and the brewery tower, the latter a wooden one, 60 feet high. The sea at the bar was so hilrli last week that Captain Smith, of the Derwent, was afraid to cross, and returned next day for provisions and coal. Shipping companies cut their vessels' supplies very fine. The Central State School, girls and infants, give one of their pleasing entertainments on Friday evening. These are always well patronised by the public, who take great interest in the education of the children. A club regatta, arranged by the Mary borough Rowing Club, for the encouragement of their junior members, comes off on the 5th of November. The game of cricket is now in full swing almost daily, the new concrete wicket being a decided novelty. About six months ago a watch and "waist coat were stolen from a shed at the /wharves, by some unknown thief. The latter, however, seems to have such an article as a conscience, for it was returned through the post ofiice the other week, addressed to its former owner. W« are said to have a ghost resident among us at present. Whoso it is nobody knows, but there are a good many people who know other people who have seen it. Even our semor sorgeant was frightened by it the other day. It ran away when he appeared, and sank into the ground, but tho sergeant did not wait to look for the hole. "Weather unsettled at present, with frequent thunderstorms, accompanied with slight rain. 