Sporting Eciios from England* (By ' Little Johs.') THE TUBF. IiOBBOS, July 8. — Although it haa been insufferably hdl^ ? ia London, tke temperature reminding me of Eookliamp«: ton — minus the mosqnitos, tbe weatber at Kewmarket on; tta opening day of the July meeting 'behind the ditch,'™ yas far from disagreeable ; a pleasantly cool breeze temperw' ing the rays of a eutnmer sun. ? But though everything was] favorable, th9 sport was anything- but brilliant. In fact, i but for the July Stakes, where Friar's Balsam KndSea^ Breeze fought tkeir Ascot battle over again, the day's pro-! ceedmps might be called slow. The counter attraction ofl ! the Oxford and Cambridge cricket match at Lord's 1''i a| club stand presented a beggarly array o£ empty benches.-* The day's wort began with the Trial Plate, wiica was woai by tke Duke of Hamilton's elegantly named Juggins, the outsider of the party of seven. A mammoth field -went to r the post for the Maiden Plate. But, to tell the truth, the - twenty-two starters were a sorry lot. Here, again, the'; fielders had the best of it, as a 20 to 1 chance, Glint, by'' George Frederick— Glance, the property of Mir. Fern, the ; owner of the Baron, got home cleverly by h«if «, lengtli from Venture {1C to 1) and Eodingote, the iattar bsmff.i favorite. The Bunbury Plate was a walk over for St. ; Mirin, after which Bingwood gave us a taste of *'« quality*': by winning the Bottishim Stakes in a canter. The only ' one of his opponents which cad a ghost of a chance with - him vras The Shrew. The Derby Stakes followed, trat the. field was a Email one for so important m event. No doubt . the adamantine state of the ground had something to&»' with the paucity of starters. Friar's Balsam, w»s, of course, a hot favorite, and odds of 8 to 4i were laid on the champion 2-years-old. There was soma' strong fielding for a. time, and the hoites of the layers wer« centred in that charming filly, Sex. Breeze. The two hai' met at Ascot, when the latter gave the colt 71b, suit' was beaten. Here they met on equal terms, and thesup^fl porters of Lord Calthorp's fitly were sanguine that ?the'1 difference in weight would enable her to turn the tables upon ? her Ascot conqueror. She is certainly a charming animal, ? axd commanded no e»d of admiration when stripped.! Friar's Balsam also looked well, acd had apparently got over his Stockhridge soreness. Ee was saddled at tha :- pitch stables. So the critics were deprived, of a dose inspection until after the race. Tom Cannon dashed away with the favorite the moment the nag [ell, and held a good lead until about 300 yards from home, when Sea Breeze closed up; and, the colt changing his le?e, it looked as if he was going to be beaten. But the moment the two began to collar the ascent toward the finish, the colt's undeniable stoutness came to his aid, and, after a. tussle for a short distance, te drew away . again; and passed the post a clever, if not an easy, winner by three parts of a ien-rtii. I'riar's Balsam is a very flna chestnut colt, with two white hind feet. He has a errand top, but, to my eye, his legs are not what they should be. : The second day's sport f 11 very flat indeed, mora especially when it was known that 'the mighty -Ormonde' would not be opposed in the Imperial Cup bv anything better than his 'quondam stable-companion Whitefriara and the Two Theusaad Guineas Juiiure, LoTegrold. Thaf real attraction was the tale of tiladstock, which was largely attended.; but, as on Monday, the criotet match at Lord's kept many away..' The great race of the day was th» Imperial Clip. With. Ormonde standing head and shoulders over his onlytw»- opponents, plungers had to iuy 100 to 3 on Eim, With' Ormonde as Ormonde was in tlic Derby, treble these odds' might have been iaid with safety, but considering the: state of the crack's pipes it -was certainly buying money, winli a vengeance. YGrzwjzzely for them, the horse -cazna well through the ordeal. But at onetime his backers must, have tremmed in their shves, wisen they saw the despised Whitefriars get up to his quarter, and Cannon had to «aa his spurs pretty li-eely ere tke champion shot out and wo». ?cleverly. In all probability in a large field he would have left Whiiefriurs a long way astern, but, as it was, he ra«i^ very lazily, and had not Tom Cannon been on tke qni viv»i; Wood might have stolen a march on him. As it is, ' the' liorse of the century ' still preserves his unbeaten certifi-' cate, butin my humble opinion the Duke ef Westminster ; is hardly judicious in courting defeat by running: the sobla animal as he does. Surely the horse has fairly earned his exalted position as the equine jnoisarch of tihe tiirf, and it; is only right that he should be permitted to retire covered with glory to take his proper position as the sovereign of: the Saton harem. Ail things considered, the proceedings yesterday were, not quite as dull as it was feared they would be ; and wa were treated to a dead heat in the Selling Plate anda splendid finish between Ayrshire and Bartizan in tha Chesterfield Stakes. I have more than once had a' good word no say about Ayrshire, aad I sball be very much : mistaken if he does not become a Rood favorite for thai Derby before the winter is over. I like bis breeding, «a' he is full of the stoutest blood, lie may not shine aa brilliantly as a 2-years- old as 1'nur's Balsam, but lam con«i fident he will last loneer. i The Chesterfield Stakes, which were worth £780, had six j runners, and backers showed good judgment in standing^ Ayrshire, ou whom evea monej was iaid. Mr. Benholm'a 1 Burtizan, an ungenerous iU-temjered brate, was £eeon4 favorite, and he ran, to everybody's astonishment, gamely enongli, although he had shown much temper at the post. He led until near home, and gave Wood all lie knew to get Ayrshire to the front. ? ? ? St. MichaeL and Hani were the only two starters for the S'junnier Cup, and odds of 13 to S were laid on the former, lie ran very currishly, and Ham won by two lengths. The' best field of the day went to the post for a Selling PJate oi\ 100 guineas for 2-years-olds. OddlB were laid on the Duke; of Portland's saltpetre; but he could only make a dead' heat of it with Lord Rodney's fiily, fcy Glenda, out oC! Leonora. The race was run off, when the Duke of Port»; most of Peter's stock, he is about as game a bit of stuff as! ever was saddled, and though a Lad roarer — more's the pity— he straggled like a demon, and won by sheer pluck. ' Next week we shall be busy at Liverpool, where there is - a promise of good sport; and if rain should fall between ': this and Wednesday there will probably be a good field foe ; the Summer Cup. i There is considerable doubt as ti- whether. the Jockey. . Club's big race at Newmarket will be a success. It is nos ' taken kindly to by any means; and the sporting world is^ inclined to resent, as tar as it dnres, what is considered a ' blow at 'the time-honored and ever-popular Derby, It is! . just possible that the Epsom authorities may at length be I arousedirom their lethargy l-y the prospect of the race foci the blue rf baad of the tnrr bein.sr efiaced brine opposition! of meetings where more liberality is shown. It may, after ! all, happen that John Pater's suggestion, made some tima - ago, will be adopted, and tliea the great classic event oC' the English turf will be endowed, as it should, lie, with, a ; sum of £5003. In this way only can Epsom hope to hold ' its own against the formidable rivals which are springing; up on every side. '? The sales of Wood stock at 'NewmaTket have, on the whole, passed off very well, considering the heavy list! Mr. Tattersall had to^et through. Mr. Douglas Baird, an , usual, was a heavy purchaser, and he gave £2000 tor a,) brother to Energy. Mr, Benzone also purchased largely, : and paid lSOOgs for a chestnut colt by Foxhall out of j llyra, and llOOgs for a colt by Galopiu oat of Hazelde&n.;! Captain MacheM bought a fine nlly by Hermit out of' Stray Shot for 1150?s. ; 