The "Voice of the People." (Sydnej Bulletin, June 25th.) The great straggle which began over a question of regaling the children of Sydney on bans and lemonade, and which has since been fought out on the wider issue of Royalty v. Republicanism, was put to the vote on Wednesday sight last week, and the Imperialistic daily press of Australia affects to be jubilant at the result. The Voice of the People -the last court of appeal for a free notion-it is claimed, gave its emphatic decision in favour of Monarchy, and cover ed with eternal obloquy the paltry faction which fears neither Guelph nor God nor the soft-goods men of York-street. Hie cry of an indignant country has gone up to heaven to repudiate the action of a handful of rum-soaked anarchists - loafing, drunken howlers from the slums and watch-houses-and thp foul stain of treason and disloyalty has at last been wiped off the fair escutcheon of NewI South Wales. The meeting which effected this great result was, it is true, held under seiious difficulties. It was packed, in the first place, by over 3000 ' bigot® and hirelings, and no Republican j was admitted whom it was possible toj keep out, while the few who succeeded in obtaining entrance were over-awed by police, men-o'-war»men and soldiers in nl«in clothes, prize-fighters, and pro fessional and sectarian bullies of all descriptions; but in the sacred cause of a beloved sovereign, the end, no doubt, is held to justify the means. A party, like an individual, has to fight with the best weapons at command, and even the professional bruiser and chucker-out must be employed when no more re spectable instruments are available. " Loyalty," like poverty, leads men into strange companionships, and in proof of this the glorified whisky-seller, the police man, and the ,fpugilist now find them selves in curious juxtaposition as the pillars of the " aristocratic" cause in New South Wales. The meeting of Wednesday was to some extent the result of a chapter of ?accidents. A few weeks ago a gathering was held in Sydney Town to formulate a scheme for impressing on the mindg of the rising generation a senti ment; of devotion to the German lady who draws a salaiy and sits upon a throne 16,000 miles away. The plan, ho wever, was rejected by a majority of nearly ten to one, and the defeated party then resolved to call a fresh meeting and drew up a resolution which virtually declared their hitherto successful opponents to be a villains faction and a disgrace to the country to which they belonged. In a back room the Mayor Riley declared his readiness <( to meet the enemy7* whenever and in whatsoever form he might appear, but when the occasion came the great man was wanting His so- called " public meeting " was considerably packed by an organised gang of red- hot .'loyalists," admitted early by side doors, and as far as possible in secret, but the vali ant RUey did not even venture to occupy the chair. The sense of the assemblage was never formally taken, and the violence initiated by the loyalists brought the gathering to an unexpected and disorderly termination. The miser able cowardice of the leaders of the *( loyal" movement made their failure trebly ignominious, but the collapse was followed by a series of orations filled with pot-rali&nt; fory and uttered by titled offi cials in the seclusionof acarefully-locked back room, and it was resolved to call yet. a third meeting for the express purpose of heaping insult and opprobrium on the triumphant democratic majority which conld net be voted down by fair means. The Voice of the People was to speak at last in unmistakable > tones, and -at the sometime the knights of New South Wales resolved to shelter themselves behind the skirts of a woman, and toy ^coupling the popu lar and amiable Lady Oarringfcon'fe charitable scheme with their«wn in-, suit ts» an almost unanimous nation, to \ shuffle off a pdrtionat least of the load of public anger aadcontempt. Every available engine of cunning and violence was called inte Jiiequisi-, tion by the promotera a-nd the press to make this disgraceful orgie of thaifc Wednesday night a decided success. The Orangemenof Sydney were massed in hundreds, and were admitted by password long before tie tloorswere thrown open to the public; 400 foot ballers, wearing heavy boots, rolled up atthe callof ayonthfulsofigoodsm an and were placed where they might kick to the best advantage on behalf of the: good cause ; the university, an aristo cratic institution run by a well-paid crowd of imported JSnglish]' Tories, sent 150 rowdy youths to the scene Jof adion : the Primrose lieqgne gathered ja hollow- chested battalion badly off for brains, its cul tured members rubbed against a, gang of professional prize-fighters,1" who had mustered to slog for j Jfoe British Grown ; almost the-entirel police and deteotSye f&riee; of Spdney, ! too, was pressed Into the service as «VT«VDW|BV ?Itmy iUKiU'Vl jLg«wu» and HavaF Reserve, the Volunteer] large number of blue-jackets fromr&fei; rjHto- Harbor. PfHW- "6 "- j ists andiraUies «f all>descraptian8 were f ^ivas.isns-1 pected, and yet each «uccessive speaker ? asked hb audienceifco believe that: the j Anstmlian party, against whom; all theBe- prepwcataons were anade, were onjy fnins;gp^ malJ contents, eofew in- number ?.assfc<» not worth notice. . 31 bid: one hn,1f of! scowardice of Parkes and his following' '?paSsfes all expression in words, and the African or the Chinaman would scorn to politically associate with men who had so utterly lost their manliness; while, if the Democrats were numerous enough to excuse even one-tenth of the preparations made against them, every speaker at Wednesday's meeting uttered a tissue of falsehoods. But the shuffling policy adopted by the self-styled men of order was at least a* remarkable at their physicial and moral cowardice. Mr. Norton a rep resentative Democrat, who sought ad mission to the platform, was summarily ejected, and the written amendment which be handed to the chairman was suppressed. Althouh the Royalist party : had packed the hall with its own crea tures to each an extent that omly a handful of avowed Democrats could obtain admittance, the speeches were lost amid the ylls of " loyal" foot ballets and others, and the resolntions were put by dumb-show. A. signal hoisted on.a strange gallows-like erec tion called on the assembled multitude to vote-they knew not for what-but the police straightway gave their suff rages, and the footballers and the prize fighters and the detectives and the foreign bine- jackets from the man-of-war followel suit, and so did the roystering cabs from the University and the cul tured Primrose League, and the hired "chuckers-out" whose loyalty had brought them into strange juxtaposition with the salt of the earth, and without even a formal call for votes on the other issue the resolution was declared to be carried. The voieeof the people had spoken, and the cause of royalty was tri umphant. Yet in a few moments more the patient, bewildered crowd, galled into madness by the shoveB of the foot ball monarchists and the ruffianism of the mingled crowd of " loyal " bullies, had trodden down the barriers erected against it, and for an instant tb« knights and lawyers and softgoodsmen, who had just, declared their own triumph, were in danger of being crushed Under foot. No more apocryphal victory was ever gained by the combined forces of lying, brazen effrontery, and unscrupulous I coercion. The attempt to extort a vote of loyalty to Jingoism by the over-awing display of a brigade 3000 strong is a convincing .proof that the policy of the dark ages is not yet extinct. The scandalous and dishonorable act by which a body of sailors were brought from English war ships to suppress the voice of a free people was in itself little short of treasonable, and even supposing the system had been carried a step further, and an armed force borrowed from the obliging commander of one of the Ger man ironclads in harbour, the outrage covld hardly have been more unpardon able. Not a few of these mercenaries appeared in plain attire, and thus changed their character from that of foreign troops to that of foreign spies, but neither the instruments nor those for whom they acted gained in resppcta bility thereby. The continent of hair oil dudes from the Primrose League deserve notice only on account of the glorious effrontery of their newly im ported leader, who, in a letter to the Sydney Daily Idegraph announced that his childish combination was formed with a view to s oppressing the " organised ruffianism, secularism, and republicanism, which have brought such a disgrace upon mar colony,"-in which h« has probably lived for several weeks. The more muscular contingent from the University and thefopfcbiJl clubs con sisted mainly of rowdy youths anxious for a little brutal amusement, and the remainder of the Imperial force®, from i the Orangemen down to tLeprize- fightere were governed by various mouveB, among which sectarian hatred and a professional tendency to bit anyone who was to small to be dangerous were probably the most prominent. Surroandingby thisstrangoly I constituted fo rigade, seated at a wooden table upona wooden thSrone, and present ing garbled resolutions passed on a gallows, Alban Riley, not yet K.C.M.G., figured as strangely as any champion of freedom of speech well could. Sir Henry Parkes, too, with his torrent of Biliings gate directed at everybody and anybody who was not prepared to accept those doctrines by which he . obtained hie knighthood, maiked another important epoch in a career which has al ready more important epochs, be ginning with tiie Siama Ghost and . ending with the taking again into " his arms the " red-hot, burmngbrand of shame'* from Milburn Creek.1 Yet rieitherhe nor bis friends dared to afford Mr. John Norton «; hearing, and ithe whole influence of more that 3000 men among whom were included the most prominent politicians of the colony, was . employed toeUence thevoioe of the solitary Republican orator whose words might have exposed the coarse and brutal tyia&ny; wbish their windy platitudes were intended to conceal. TbFee thousand to one are long odds, and abject, nnfathom able cowardice could hardly be carried f urtherthan this. Tho Royalist argument in favor of the "system pursued by their party is summed np in one arrogant sentence: "if you dont like it you can stay, away." ThiswasthetheoiyMayor Bile^advanced on aprevions occasion, but ~|jb. iM&t; /fee Jrejn^nbered that the* Republican who absents himself, tp: some -extent gives away his principles by so doing. The meeting «f 15th June was summoned "by advertisement as a public one, and the leaders who - secretly packed the hall with their friends prior1» ^ ^dmisaion pf the public thereby turned their ownjsvords j into nonsense.. /Furthermore, by wjEu^-J | reprelkaitative of an influential body «f di&teB;* '3Ir. Bal^ >nat' Si4y? di^raded fi&'-pei ao" public 'neiEaang '"wrah, a qualification; suchaa - ^ iiiose favorable ix> " &c4; in is a"n$e©t-j 'ixw: ~ to1 ad-' miasion aton* time and on one sefrof ;nt from thei terms, and at which all may obtain-^ft hearing. Bat despite this, list weeks alleged demonstration will be described as representative of the nation, and the resolution which it did not arrive at, but which, by a shameleBs perver sion of facts, is laid at its door, will be treated as the untrammelled decision of the people. The Republican had doubtless the option of staying away, but in his absence the Primrose Leaguer and the University cub and the prize- fighter would audaciously act and speak on his behalf, and it there fore behoved him to be present if he eould, and repudiate the action of the mongrel crowd which was engaged in saddling him, in common with every other citizen, with the responsibility of toadyism, superstition and grovel. Had Alban Riley, not yet K.C.M.G., announced a " private " or a " packed " meeting he might with reason have demanded that Republicans should absent themselves, or if they insisted on appearing he would have keen amply justified in treating them with insult and contempt from his throne beside the little gallows aforesaid, but at a public meeting' no despot of an hour has a right to suppress the views of any section of the gathering1. The declaration of loyalty which is ascribed to Wednesday's assemblage will doubt less be wearily yawned over by Her Majesty as thejvote of a "public" gather ing, and as such shovsd way in the Imperial lumber-room, but if Mr. Riley wishes to distinguish himself by a strict adherence to fact there is yet time for him to inform Queen Victoria that the police forc«, detectives, J3rangmen, foot ballers, and boxers of Sydney ire de-1 voted toherC'0*n, that th« Primrose League and about halt the noisy boys of the' University mean to stick to her, that a member of Lnncers in disguise, the Volunteeis, Naval Reserves, &c.;, still vote straight, and that the rest of the public was, as far as possible, kicked out. Such a statement would contain more truth than the Queen has heard at least in one lot-for many years, and the heroes of Wednesday's farce would have lest cause than at present to feel ashamed and degraded when next they look a " public" meeting in the face. Furthermore, Mayor Riley might, as an act of justice, refer Lady Carington's charitable proposal to a genuinely public assemblage of citizens in order that it may be considered upon its own merits. The disigning policy which, for the pur pose of political proselytism, hampered a good work with so illogical and unfitt ing a name as the " QueerCs Fund," would doubtless do much to limit future subscriptions, but genuine benevolence of the scheme, as well as the respect which is trebly due to a lady when engaged upon a work of mercy, would always secure a patient hear ing from any audience free from the coercion of bigots and prize fighters. But when a hundred dis credited politicians and alleged men of all descriptions hide themselves behind a women, and when a mission of charity is mixed up with a policy that requires the support of boxers and bullies and the protection of pass-words and petticoa's, the game is not a fair one. It is said that on Wednesday night ball-cartridge was served out to the troops in waiting at the barracks, and that Lady Oarring ton's errand of mercy was performed amid preparations for " legal" homicide. When her ladyship withdrew, the poli . ticians who bad sheltered behind her \- gave way to panic and fell over each other in their frenzied desire to gain a place of security. Even as Ve write we learn that the ,, forged resolution of Wednesday's meet ; ing has been cabled over the world as the unfettered decision of ; the people of Sydney. But except ampng that crown of place^mntess whose centre of gravity is England instead of - Australia, this hollow sham can arouse no feeling except one of disgust. The Voice of the People loses its force when filtered through an Orange . Lodge or a Primrose League Habita tion ; the packed meeting of bigots and rowdies lies when it claims to speak r as a public gathering; and the men whe are responsible for its doings know well what a miserable mockery was . the whole proceedings. Mr. Alban Riley must learn that he cannot enjey ; the safety ef a private meeting, and ' yet assume the honors attached to a successful public gathering; he ca*not eat his cake and have it too; and if he lacks the nerve to speak his sentiments in the presence alike of friend and foe . he had better retire from the scene. Knightheods may be scarce in the peaceful seclusion of " the drapery," but it is better to preserve a reputa tion &r; bnsimess souteneur among £5 bales of liaen. than t to foeoome a K.C.M.G. and-an object of political derision. 