FICTION. From HngtUti, Am «rien», Bitri Oilier Feriadle«« THE MYSTEBY. CHAPTER X. BROTHER AND SISTBB. Kate had confronted the midnight intrude upon the sacred privacy of her boudoir with a teror not the less real that it was so well hidden undr the mask of haughty indignation. Then had come those àtaïtltng words, spoken in a tone a once recklenWnd melancholy : " I am.your brother Harry/' The mind acts quickly in moments of sudon ex- citement; and in a twinkling the circumstaces of Harry's supposed death had passed in reviewjefore her. Unconsciously to herself, almost, she temed to realise that the evidence of his death waancon CIUBÍTO, (¡hough strong. ' Then*, too, the man himself, standing therandor her scrutiny with a sorb of cynical composuri was exactly, as from pictures and descriptions, si had imagined her brother to be. ' She had no doi>t he waa her brother. I With the conviction, however, that he w« not dead came the remembrance of his unworth life, and the scorn of him that filled her loftypirit was plainly visible in her manner, as she >ldly said : , " I thought you had killed yourself." ' He started, and a red flush glowed angrily pder his olive skin, hovering there a moment, andihen yielding to a fixed pallor, while his well-culips curled scornfully as he shot back at the proudgirl a glance as haughty as her own. For a moma ho was silehfe Then he said, with cutting bittenss : *' You seem to regret that I did not." , " Your death made forgiveness possible." 1 "You, a woman and a sister can 'say that he retorted with a contemptuous hardness, in Vich was mixed a sort of wonder. " Yon can in «b Btanco tell a human being ? and a brother »t, living, he can have no hope of your help or m passion, but that if he will commit suicide yourill shed a well regulated tear over his memory nd try to forgive him !" Kate's words and manner had certainly imjed what her brother interpreted them to mean ; tit she had not realised how cruel and cold-hea^d they were -until he showed tbem to her in tïr nakednessa. She was far from being either cruel or cd hearbed. . Proud she was by both inheritance ¿1 education, and in her ' lofty soul was the utmt scorn for the man-brother of hers though he w$ -who could play the ignoble part in lifo ttt Harry had done. And yet as ho stood there bef<s her, so haughty and reckless, showing nothing J craven spirit, she felt, in spite of all she knew < him, that they were kindred in ,more than blood Still she did not speak, and as she did not, he went on: " I carne to you to-night, foolishly thinking that I from a sister I might- Pshaw! why waste words ?" ' With an air of haughty contempt, ' he checked himself, and without a word of adieu, turned to go. '* Stop Harry," sho cried witH greater gentleness " It may be that Í have been misinformed," " Ah !" he ejaculated, sarcastically, looking back, with his hand on the door-knob. " Perhaps you are not as guilty as we have been told." A short, sardonic laugh escaped his lips, and was almost instantly checked as he sternly said : " I did not come here to either justify myself or ask your forgiveness. I am not in that frame of mind yet. Do not forget that lam Harry Dela plaine." He turned the knob and opened the door, and in another moment would have boen gone, had Kate not sprung forward and laid her hand on his arm. "Harry!" I Nothing the young man could have done would have gained for kim his sister's tympathy as readily as did his exhibition of haughtiness. She instinct- ively felt that between her and this reckless, way- ward brother there was something apngenial. The woman's spirit and the Bister's heart yielded uncon- ditionally. He glanced back at her inquiringly, making no sign of returning. " Come, back, please," she said. *' I have more to say tojrou." " Of the same sort ?" " No," shik answered, and gently drew him in, and shut the^dAir. " Well,""he said, coldly. " You wanted tp to do something for you. Harry, What wasfit?'^* "Nothing; tbsjb is, nothing now. I could not accept help fromlyou, Kate Delaplaine." " Yes, you can! J did not mean what my words seemed to imply,-snough. they were harsh enamgh, even as I meant tnem. Your coming was sudden, you must remeruofer. I had thought you dead j F and when I.saw you alive, I seemed to remember f only that you had-" £ She stopped in some confusion, and he, with a shrug of the.shoulders, finished for her. "That I had disgraced the name. Put it so. Don't mince.matters." "Yes, Harry," she said, with a gentleness that disarmed him, " you did disgrace the name ; and I know that as you stand there, you are Delaplaine enough to understand my feeling so strongly. But let that all go, Harry.* I shall not open the subject of your past, nor let it influence my feelings toward you.'J! am your sister, and I know that li can give youthe help you want and the sympathy^ you need, if you will let me." i He looked at her wonderingly for a moment, and! then a pleasant smile lighted up his dark face as he] frankly said : * j "You're a noble girl, Kate, to put do ira youi [ proud spirit, and let your heart have its say. If ] could doit, I'd be a better man ; but what little good there is in my nature never has a chance te show itself when my pride takes the reins, M ii were not gdfïlarry Delaplaine would not now be û fugitive from <¡hp law, and a man dead to the world! From what you say. Kate, you know my story. I remember a man, who said he came from father! was there the day I shot the-" I A fierce1 light gleamed in the dark eyes, and th| shut teeth and clenched hands told Kate of thl tempest of fury that raged in her brother's breaeO I at the thought of the man who had come between him and his love. "He is dead, Harry, dear," she said, soothingly. "Dead?" he cried-"dead! Yes, but what of it. He lives still in her heart. There ia my torment ! Ah, Kate, I loved that woman-I love hor now 1" He covered his eyes with his hand, and a shudder shook his frame, Kate eyed him pityingly, not knowing what to say, and forgetting all his sins in his great heart sorrow. She took his hand in hera, and gently ' urged him into a chair, and unable to bear hiB silent agony, sought to make him speak by asking him: " May you not have been mistaken ?" j " Mistaken ! My ears, my eyes, were witnesses. I could not, I would not have believed it else. I had suspected, and I drove the suspicion from my heart ; for when I was with her, she- But I will not troublo you with this." He suddenly cheeked himself, and with a hard, gloomy expression un his face, rose from the chair. Kate gently drow him down again, and said, softly : " Harry, dear, I am glad you came to me. I think I can understand you oetter than any other could. I, too, love as you love. I cannot conceive of Reginald as false to me,"-a sweet smile irradi- ated her be uitif ul face ¡ " but if he should be-" The dark look in her blue eyes seemed a reflection from the gloomy depths of her brother s. " If he should be-" "Ah, what then?" demanded Harry, slowly, ' What then ? Not hiB, but your life, -like mine, would be blasted. She waa false, and I suffer. Kate, she was like an angel-beautiful, gentle, loving. She seemed to worship mo, I waa shame- fully dissipated until I knew her. How low I had fallen I will not tell you- perhaps you know-but for her sake I changed my life, and until suspicion . of her truth entered my heart I did nothing that need blush in the light of day. After that I went back to the old life. Now I am dead to the world and will live out my life here. YeB, I will live it out here, unless the mad desire to see her once more lures me away. It is in that, Kate, that you can help me. J. sometimes feol, Kate," he said, in a low, hoarae whisper, "that I must find her, and make her die with me. My thoughts are horrible companions, and the life I lead is maddening-hiding by day and prowling forth by night. I had almost set out to seek her to-night, to put my desperate purpose into execution, when I thosght of you and came. I believed, from your face, that you were the one being who could sym- pathise with me," Kate listened, with terror and sympathy, to the passionate outpouring of her brother's fiery nature, saying to herself that had she been a man in his place, she would not have done differently. This feeling wa3 in her tone as she said, warmly : " You did well to come to me, Harry. I can, and I do, sympathize with you. Tell me how I can be i of sorvice to you, and do not look foryrard to such a life ' as you are now leading. Nobody knows Harry Delaplaine ia your sod history; you went under another name there. Let a little time go by, and then appear among us as one believed dead and now alive. Come hero and live at onee, so that I may bo at hand to help you. We can secrete you'in this great house." Tao1 singular smile , playing over her brother's faceetopped har. "f anl living here now," he said. ''Here?" "Yes. Thgre are secret chambers in Gower Hall \Taown only to me. In those younger days whan I ».angered father, and earned the name of the sond Wild Harry, I lived there, and now I have nie them my living tomb, as Wild Harry Gower, ne happy than I, did for the fair one who had prod him false. There she lived, went mad, and 3, as the story written by them both, and found «,e by Me, tells. Promise me, Katie, to keep my set, whatever happens." i'oh have my promise. Harry. But do you that no one knows of these chambers, not papa ?" ot a soul but myself and you j and now that VKHOW, you cannot find them." May I see them ?" any laughed. Kate could realize how hand sp he was then. Net even lofty Kate is lacking that womanly ábuto, curiosity." Why should I be, so that I Keep it under con Í?" Well, you need not control it this time, for I ' do the honors of the tomb some evening when ïare ready." I But why not let papa knew you are here. He Id-*' ate stopped, and a sudden flush mounted to her head. She even drew back a pace. , What is it, Kato ? I can see by your face that ething ÍB wrong." It does not matter," she said, with a certain ness of manner. It does matter. Come, Kate, be frank. What ; ? The thought of something in the past which npardonable ? What can it be that you ought overlook ? Tell me-or, do not tell me !" Ho growing angry, or more angry with each word, ou have taken my confidence ; now withhold xs from me, and let me go away knowing that woman is but a type of all." 11 will tell you, if you wish ; but I said I would refer to your past." 1 absolve you. Tell me this dreadful thing t makes you turn pale even to think of." I was thinking of those cheques. Eather could forgive you for thena. I had forgotten." What chequea ?" The forgeries." Whose?" J Yours." I f I forge cheques ?" I te drew himself Up, and proudly looked Kate in the face. Papa has'the chequea." \ ate spoke gently, again. , A ' Forged by me EU^-ironically.; ^ He says your indorsements genuitie,\ butthat j signature is forged." - ' ~ ' ' * ' I' And the inference is natural that I forged his nature-natural, at least, for a father and sister ¡the*Delaplaine sort." Barry's tone was intensely bitter. ' You are unjust, Harry. You have only to tell i that you are innocent, and I will believe you." ' And I tell you, Kate Delaplaine, that I would se out my tongue before I would say such a thing one believing me guilty." Kate marveled at herseK that she, who was so ughty, should be so patientjpnd gentío with her Reasonable and fiery brother "She went over to u, and laying her hand on his arm, said earnestly. ' I believe yotwnnocentjflHary-I do, indeed." ' Forgive me, Kate ¡ I'm as passionate as a savage. God is my jndge, I know nothing of those checks ; 11 suspect. Can't you get me one of them to look ?" [' I will try. And now, let me tell papa. He will so glad to jkuäir that your are aHve-and--" I ! A1. " Innocent," interjectodHarry,laughi«gly. " No Kate ; I know father better than you do, and I am certain he will not believe me. in face of the evidence which certainly is strong against me. No. Let me have a look at the cheque and see if I cannot fix the crime. One thing more, Kate, before I leave you, for it is getting on towards morning ¡ I shall need your help in purloining eatables. Father's new housekeeper-new to me anyhow-is doing her best to starve me death. I had keys to fit all the closets, but she evidently is not inclined to have her choice dishes spirited away, and has had new locks put on all the closets. Either get me duplicate keys, or have food brought to your room for me. Keys would be the best plan. The servants all fancy that Wild Harry Gower is in the house because Tiger always howls when he sees me. .. "I will get keys if I can. Must you go? I am not sleepy. Why not let me look at your rooms to night ?" "No; I must put them in order first. Good- night, Kate, and bless you for being so patient with me. Life will not drag so heavily with me hence- forth." " Come as orten as you can, Harry, and when the nights are pleasant, I will wölk out with you." " Goad !" he cried. " And if anybody sees us we will betaken for Wild Harry and his mad bride, Gower Hall shall have two ghosts instead of one." (To be conit'nued.) 