PARLIAMENT. Wednesday, August 17. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL, at -4 pm NATION. The Pnianxorc read prayers at 1 p.m. MINISTERIAL HESPE.- " ' Mr. W. H. Wilson announced that the | portfolio of Postmaster-General had been resigned by Mr. Macdonald-Paterson, and had been accepted by himself with great reluctance. He asked the House to extend their indulgence to him, to assist him as they had his predecessor, whose ability he could not hope to equal. Mr. P. t. GttEooiiY, in briefly congratulating Mr. Wilson on his appointment, paid that the experience they had had of Mr. Wilson when conducting the business during the temporary absence of the late Postmaster General fully justified them in expecting only the pleasantèst.relatious with the new leader of the House. Mr. Macdonald-Paterson said that his retirement from the representation of the Government in the Legislative Council had been known to the members for some time, but he would briefly refer to the causes which brought it about. The chief subject matter on which the disagreement took place was the general and broad financial policy of the Government, only a part of which was the land tax. That was the last phase of the policy, and had therefore received more public attention. He could not concur in the financial proposals of the Government. [Mr. Taylor: " Hort, hear."] He thoroughly believed, he felt convinced that had there been a whole some administration of the Land Statutes find a modest and judicious retrenchment in more than one department the question of finance need not have cropped up. The question of the deficit was never reached in their discussions. The difference of opinion arose on the question of making both ends meet during the. coming financial year. He was confident that although many members might disagree with him, he had satisfied his conscience and performed a public duty. It was due to the Council, to the country, and to himself to state that his withdrawal from the Government was intimated to the Cabinet Council anterior to any knowledge on his part that the line. J. R. Dickson contemplated the resignation of the Treasurership. While he regretted the severance from Minis- try which included some of his long and valued friends, and at the head of which was a distinguished statesman, he to-day felt stronger than over that we had adopted a right course. He congratulated Mr. Wilson on his appointment, and thanked honourable members for their unvarying kindness and courtesy towards him whilst discharging the duties which de- volved upon him. Mr. MtmuAY-Pition referred to the number of junior members who had been appointed to the leadership of the House. While congratulating Mr. Wilson, and promising to cause him as little vexation as possible, he said that at the same time he should have liked to have seen an old member in the position. Mr. Walsh said Mr. Murray-Prior had touched on an important subject. It was a matter for grave consideration whether or not the Council could afford to be constantly led by its most juvenile member. If innocence of political life was a qualification for the position, then the Premier was to be congratulated on his adoption of Mr. Wilson. He regarded Mr. Macdonald Pater- son's action as a very proper one. Had he been a member of the Government he should have joined Mr. Paterson, who would not have preceded him by a day. He hoped Mr. Wilson would hurry on with the business. Mr. Taylor said that during his thirty years' experience he had never seen a Minister reign office in such a happy manner as Mr. Macdonald-Paterson. He hoped it was not true that Mr. Wilson was keeping the seat warm for somebody else. He agreed with the oona ments of Mr. Prior and Mr. Walsh, and congratulated Mr. Paterson on having resigned his seat in the Cabinet and thus cleared his conscience. COPYRIGHT BILL. Mr. W. H. Wixsox, in moving the second reading of the Copyright Registration Bill, stated the object of the bill, which was intended to apply the greater portion of the Imperial law to this colony and to enable books and works to be registered in this country instead of authors being- obliged to send them to Sta- tioners' Hall in London. Mr. A. C. Gmmory said the hill was a brother to our Patent Act. He regarded it as very desirable. There should be such a law, as local authors should have their literary productions protected. He presumed the machinery would not be very great, but that the Act would be worked in connection with the Patent Acts. The motion was agreed to and the bill was read a second time. Its consideration in committee was appointed for Wednesday next. VALUATION BILL. Mr. W. H. Wilson, in moving the second reading of the Valuation Bill, stated that the "bill consisted of all the valuation clauses of the Divisional Boards Bill which was before the Council last year. The arrangement was, however, more complete, no briefly pointed out the salient features in the bill as set forth in clauses 50 and 7. Some suggestions make in the Council last year had been adopted in the bill. He suggested that the discussion on the clauses would more properly be taken in committee. Mr. F. T. Ghegojiy said it was unnecessary to elaborately discuss the principles of the bill. He regarded the separation of the flames from a Divisional Boards Bill as an improvement. The reference in the third section of clause 7 to the valuation of mines was too vague, and he hinted that an amendment would be moved in committee, as it was doubtful if it was a fair way of arriving at the valuation. Mr. A. C. Gregory drew attention to two points which required to be looked over. Difficulties had arisen as to a definition of what was ratable land, and no provision was made in clause 5 for an appeal on that question. In the provision for the valuation of town and suburban lands no maximum was fixed. The bill did not contain any provision for amending any inconsistencies in the boundaries of town or suburban and country lands. He thought it undesirable that local authorities should alone have the power to make recommendations for alterations in boundaries, and that there should be a check upon their powers. He also suggested some alterations in the mode of serving notices of valuation. He regarded it as an advantage that the present modes of valuation should be consolidated, and thus prevent confusion. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read a second time. The consideration in committee was appointed for Wednesday next. ADJOURNMENT. Mr. W. H. AVrxsox moved the adjournment of the House. On the motion of Mr. P. T. Gnraoity, the words until Wednesday next" were added, and the House accordingly adjourned until that day. LlïGTSLATfVrl ASSEMBLY. The Speaker (Mr. W. H. Groom) took the chair at 3.30 o'clock and read prayers. A.J.S. BANK BILL Mr. W. BnooKr.s brought up the report of the Select Committee on the Australian Joint Stock Bank Bill. The second reading of the bill was fixed for next week. NEW BILLS. SlrS. AV. GnrrFiTitguvo notice to move next day, That this House will, at its next sitting, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole to consider the desirableness of introducing a bill to divide the colony into districts for financial purposes, and to provide for the keeping of separate accounts of the general and local revenue and expenditure of the colony, and the expenditure within such districts of the revenue raised therein; a bill to make provision for the establishment of branches of the several Government departments in the Central and Northern debt riots of the colony; a bill to make provision for the establishment of branches of the office of the Registrar of Titles in the Central and Northern districts of the colony; and a bill to provide for the construction, maintenance, and management of works for the storage and distribution of water." MINISTERIAL APPOINTMENTS. Sir S. W. Griwitu said he had to inform the House that he had himself been sworn in as Colonial Treasurer in place of his f Proud Mr. Dickson, but he hoped his tenure of office would be temporary only. The Hon. W. Horatio Wilson had accepted the office of Postmaster-General and had been appointed to that office. _ DREDGING THE NARROWS. Sir S. W. Grupriin, in reply to a question by Mr. Norton whether the Engineer for Harbours and Rivers had yet furnished plans of the dredge for use in the narrows of Port Curtis and similar places, said that the report of the engineer had been delayed through the illness of that gentleman, but it would be furnished in a few days, when it would receive the consideration of the Government. THE PROPOSED UNIVERSITY. Petitions praying for provision to be made by Parliament for the esta bl ishment of a university in Queensland were presented by Sir S W. Griffith, from the council of the Royal Geographical Society of Australia (Queensland branch); from the minister and treasurer and secretary of the United Free Methodist Church of Queensland ; from 307 State school teachers and from the Divisional Boards of Tabragalba, Burke, and Bauhinia by Mr. Murphy, from the Municipal Council of Blackall; and by Mr. Hamilton, from the inhabitants of Cairns. The petitions were received. THE CHINESE QUESTION. Mr. RuTr.EntíH presented a petition from the Chamber of Commerce at Charters Towers, praying that measures would be passed to totally and effectually prevent the further influx of Chinese into the colony, and for dis- couraging the permanent settlement of Chinese now resident in the colony. O'ROURKE AND M'SHARRY. Mr. Hill asked the Minister for Works the question of which he had given notice, in reference to the settlement of the claims of O'Rourke and M'Sharry in connection with the Brisbane Valley and Bundaberg and Mount Perry Railways. Mr. Miles asked that the question might be postponed till the following, day, as he was not yet prepared with a reply. Mr. Hill : I have no objection to postponing the question. To-morrow will be time enough before the general election at all events. (Laughter.) The question was postponed. MINERAL LANDS ACT. Mr. Miles, in reply to Mr. Foxton, said the matter of introducing a bill to amend the Mineral Lands Act of 1872 had been under consideration, and if the public business would allow such a bill would be introduced during the present session. WAYS AND MEANS. On the motion of Sir S. W. GarTH, the House resolved itself into Committee of Ways and Means. Mr. Fraskii, Chairman of Committees, having taken the chair, the debate on the Financial Statement was resumed, on the motion made by the Premier last week, that a tax of 1d. in the pound be levied on the value of all unimproved land in the colony, over and above the first £500 of that value. Mr. Dickson said he would avail himself of this opportunity to present to the House and the country his view on the present financial position of the country, and what in his opinion was the right course to adopt at the present juncture of affairs. He thanked the leader of the Opposition for allowing him to follow the Premier in the debate, and also the Premier for the generous remarks he had made concern ing him when announcing his resignation to the House. He felt now that the position in which he was placed might make him liable to some misconception, and he would, therefore, ask the forbearance of hon. members on both sides of the House, in the course of the statement he was about to make. Had he, in resigning from, the Ministry, crossed the floor of the House, he would not have asked for any forbearance. no would have known hon. members would have at once seen that he had forsaken those representatives who prided themselves on being the Liberal members of the House. He wished it to be understood that in retiring from the Government he did not cease to be a Liberal member (Ministerial cheers) and as long as he remained in public life he would remain with those who called themselves the Liberal representatives. He hoped it would be distinctly understood that because a member disagreed with the Griffith Government, he did not necessarily retire from the Liberal ranks, or that the gospel proposed by the Premier contained the beginning and the middle and the end of the principles of Liberalism, for it was a new departure which the Premier had taken in the direction of the colony. The Premier, in the course of his remarks when making the Financial Statement, had compared the Government to a ship with her colours nailed to the mast, pledged to a certain course of action, and prepared to go down rather than retreat from that course. He would push the simile a little further, and would say that he thought the Premier was greatly to blame for disobeying the sailing directions and endangering the safety of the ship. (Hear, hear.) It would be a more noble course to carry the ship into port with her colours flying than by foolhardy nohB and a mistaken cause of the position send her to the bottom. He must accept the financial history of the past twelve months as connected with his own administration. He did not intend to criticise the administration of the finances, which had been under his own direction, and therefore was quite content to accept them in the way in which they had been stated by the Premier, with a deficiency of £110,000 on the 30th June, and it liability of £59,000 on account of unexpended balances, making altogether a deficit of £469,000 which had to be met. He was also content to say that he agreed with the Premier in regard to dealing with the deficit, but he did not consider it absolutely necessary that ¡inyoxeition should be made for the replenishment of the Treasury during the present financial year He only declared that the colony should be placed in such a position that while the revenue was by sident to provide for the expenditure, there should also be provided a surplus by which the deficit should be ultimately extinguished. He was also at one with the Premier in the manner in which he proposed to transfer the loans to the central sugar mills and the expenditure on the rabbit proof fencing. On this point there was no difference of opinion between himself and the Government. Nor will there any difference between them as to the endowments to municipalities. He, Treasurer, felt that the enormous increase of these endowments, being an unknown quantity, was a matter that required carefully considering. He was the first to bring the matter under the attention of the Premier upon his return from England, and pointed out that he thought borne limit should be fixed to regu- late theatre continutilly-atigitioiitiiig claims to unknown amounts, and he still thought that no other scheme would prove satisfactory. The Premier, however, thought that it would be more convenient to appropriate from year to year whatever amount of revenue could be spared to endow these local bodies with, and he drafted certain clauses to give effect to this aspect of the wise. Before his retirement, however, he pointed out that it was undesirable these local bodies should remain in ignorance of what they were going to receive, and while it was desirable and necessary the amount of assistance should be curtailed, he lit the Rtimo time thought the wisest plan would be to fix a limit to the amount which each local authority should draw in pursuance of endow- ment. When the measure came to be diii carried, they would find it beneficial if the restriction of the endowment was imposed in the form he had stated, but he trusted the Premier would reconsider the matter. The present position of the colony was this. They had a deficit of £110,000, and an unexpended dependency already actually appropriated to the extent of £09,000, which could not be rescinded except by a special resolution of the House, making in all £169,000. That in itself was a matter for grave consideration but not despondency-at least he would not despair of gradually extinguishing it. He could not take that pessimist view- that the colony would not recover from the strain caused by years of drought, for he thought this year would see a considerable improvement in the financial position of the colony, although he did not think that anything like a sufficient amount could be provided during the present twelve months to liquidate the deficiency, nor was it a matter they ought to trouble themselves about, provided they could see their way to gradually extinguish it in the course of a few years. But the matter he wished to draw attention to was this, that even with the most careful estimates they could prepare, they were still behind the current expenditure of the year by about 200,000. Undoubtedly this was a matter which must be looked in the face. They must not content themselves with living in a fool's paradise, and imagining both ends would not without some special effort on their part to provide the necessary revenue. But before considering the necessity of taxation, they ought closely to scrutinise the sources from whence legitimate revenue could be obtained, and so have the people of the colony from what he considered a very unnecessary burden of taxation, especially when they were only just recover- ing from very disastrous seasons, and were none of them so well off as they had been at one time. (Hear, hear.) In dealing with this matter they had to look at what might be called the main contributories to the revenue, and he would ask hon. members to turn to table L. (Loud laughter.) In 1876-7, when the colony had a population of 187,000, taxation contributed £3 9s. 6d. per head, land revenue £2 7s. 6d. pa- head, public works and services Jil fOr. 7s. par hens, and miscellaneous services 6s. 10d., inull£7l3s. 7d. per head. From 1875 to 1879 the taxation showed a decrease of 10s. per head, while land revenue showed a decrease from £2 2s. 9d. to £t 16s. 11d. During these years a Liberal Administration presided, and the land revenue amounted to £2 2s. 9d. per head, exclusive of large sums raised by sales of railway reserves amounting to ¿6116,000, which would increase the average by Ms. lOd., making it about £2 17s. 7d. From 1870-80 to 1883-84, the average contribution from the land revenue was £2 11s. 11d. per head, and coming down to later days-1885 to 1887-it showed an average of 21 15s. 2d. It would be soon that while taxation proper in 1886-7 maintained its. relative position of £3 10s. 5d. per head in 1876-7 it used to be £63 9s. 4d. the normal revenue from land had beouraduood from £2 7s. 6d. in 1870-7, to £1 12s. 4d. in 1886-7, the other branches of revenue showing a decided increase in public works and services the increase was told 10s. 7d,, though he was sorry to say there was not a proportional profit, (Opposition Hear, hear.) His reasons for referring to this matter were that he was of opinion that during the past years they had not raised from the public estate of the colony that amount of land revenue which he considered should be the normal annual return from that contributory to the Treasury. He held that in proportion with the increase in the other branches of revenue the land ought to maintain a proportionate increase. Had that j normal increase been maintained up to the present time their position would have been this. In 1881-2 the grazing farms, which was expected to produce £10,000, only produced £096-(laughter)-and the total revenue from land was £G22,000. Had they realised 232 2s. 9d. per head from the land, they would have received £002,436. They only received £587,331. Again in '350, based on the population of that year, had the land revenue produced what he had said was its normal increase, they would have had £(5SO,211, as against £581,000 actually received. Last year they would have received £732,337, as against £522,312 actually received, so that during the last three years, had the land revenue produced what it would have done under the conditions he had named, the Treasury would have been replenished to the extent of £387,000. The whole secret of their present embarrassment, therefore, was owing to the want of assistance the Treasury had received from the Lands Department. (Opposition cheers.) The policy of the present Government was that the land revenue must be a gradually decreasing quantity until it reached the vanishing point Opposition laughter) and had to be replaced by a load of taxation, which must increase as the land revenue di- minish. He would ask hon. members if that was a policy it was desirable to poraistin. (No, no.) If they were to obtain the normal increase on land revenue they should receive from the Lands Department £732,000, which would cover a large part of the deficiency and remove any necessity for a land tax or any impost of that sort (hear, hear-and would produce a handsome surplus at the end of the year. All other sources of revenue had increased, except that from the Lands Department. Why was that The revenue from miscellaneous services could not be increased by any interference of the House. They could not compel a man to consume more childlike goods or travel on the railway lines, but they could supplement the deficiency of revenue by moderate sales of real estate, such as was always contemplated by the Government, even by the Land Act of 1884\. (Hear, hear.) To justify this view of the case he would distinctly say that when the loss policy of 1881 was promulgated by himself, with the approval of his colleagues, it was distinctly understood that the increasing land revenue of the colony should bear the burden of the interest of that long. (Hear, hear.) That was distinctly understood, and he would have considered himself an impostor if he had proposed that loan without having something in the back ground which could be legitimately expected to pay the interest. (Cheers ) Ula had not to go very far in the House to look Some hon. gentlemen in the face who had made much larger professions in this matter than he had done. He had received assurances from gentlemen in the House largo pastoralists having very long experience in pastoral matters who had assured him that the land policy of the Government of 1881 would be such as would cause the replenishment of the Treasury. (Laughter.) Mr. Him I didn't. Mr. Dickson : He would not mention names. It was to be distinctly understood from his remarks that he was not suggesting in any way to cancel or repeal the Act of 1881. By all means, let it have a fair trial, and he trusted that the expectations raised for it would be successful, and that hon. gentlemen would be able to judge of its effect in inducing large settlement. Let the Act have a larger trial, but in the meantime let them not starve the Treasury, for it had never been contemplated that land alienation by free hold should cease. In 1881, when the Postmaster-General and he were members of the Cabinet, and when this scheme of alienation of land by leaseholds and grazing farms was suggested, they had given their approval to the measure, but it was distinctly understood that there should be a model ate sale of free- holds [The Pirranna: "Hear, hearers that in the case of any temporary disturbance or derangement of the Treasury by the Land Act of 1884, it should be made up by the sales he had alluded to. While he received those representations referred to from gentlemen qualified to give an opinion upon the merits of the land policy he foresaw this to an extent. It would be remembered that in 1884, when speaking on the Land Bill, he had hinted at the possibility of the time arriving when it would be necessary to Mile Treasury Bills to compensate the Treasury for the working of the Land Act of 1884 ; but that was a contingency, and while he looked at it, he did not think it would be perpetuated in such an extent as appeared not only probable but equally possible at the present time. He took his stand on this point, that in adopting the Land Act of 1884, it was always contemplated that moderate sales of freehold should be held, and if there was any contention on that point he would refer the House to the amended Act of last session. In clause 21, additional powers were given to the Governor in-Council to authorise the sale of land in 40 acre blocks at £1 per acre. What effect had been given to that clause ? Was the clause meant to be merely ornamental to fill up a gap or what? Mr. Norton Churches. (Laughter.) Mr. Dickson' : If the clause had been given a fair scopes by the Lands Department during the wilful twelve months, when there had been a large amount of capital seeking investment, they would have reduced the deficiency, and during the ensuing year they would have been in a position when it would not be necessary to suggest the consideration of fresh taxation. (Hear, hear.) He trusted that the Minister for Lands would excuse him in what he said. He did not intend to speak disrespectfully in re ferring to Mr. Dutton, but he had to confess that the hon. gentlemen had an extreme horror of the mere mention of the alienation of land to ( Ike people.. When anyone addressed them selves to Mr. Dutton on that subject at least, his own personal, experience had been so-the, hon.' gentleman's visage underwent a change, and he regarded it as political heresy to ask him to alienate a foot of land by auction sales. There was no doubt that the Minister for Lands had most uncompromising opinions on this matter, and if he were not a layman he would excommunicate and send to eternal perdition any man who attempted to acquire a freehold (Loud laughter.) Unless the head of the Lands Department was loyal in endeavouring to obtain assistance to the Treasury, it was useless to submit any estimate of revenue whatever. Unless the Ministry was entirely in accord with the requirements of the Treasury, and would give effect to the 26th clause of the Amended Land Act passed last session, it was not the slightest Ube for the Premier to come down to the House and estimate the receipts from the Lands Department at EGG 000. In the present condition of the colony, the Lands Department could readily make the estimate not only £00,000, but £100,000, without any pressure or without withdrawing capital from other industries, and so they could replenish the Treasury. No doubt the Minister for Lands would say that land would not soil, to which allegations he begged respectfully to differ. No one would persuade him that moderate sales of freehold lands, if properly conducted, would not be a success. However, he blamed the department for the way in which the land sales had been conducted. During the last two years the sales had been placed before the public in a way that showed a desire for the result to be a ghastly failure. The land sales had not received that publicity that any private landowner would have insisted on for the sale of his own property if he had wished to see it sold to the best advantage. While he advocated the increasing sale of freehold property he did not wish to say that land should be thrown away for speculative purposes, but the land should obtain the best market value at the time it was sold. The action of the Lands Department, however, had been such as to inspire in him, if he Intel not been a member of the Govoftnnont find know the honest purposes of the Minister for Lands, a conviction that everything had been done by the Department of Lands to throw discredit upon the alienation of land in Queensland. (Cheers.) He did not ask the Government to retrace its steps by repealing the Land Act. He only wanted it to do what it was intended to do by the statute of IuhI year, and his successor in office could have no fear if the Government did us it provided, and gave it better treatment and served the Treasury by it. That was his contention. (Chuora.) Referring to the period when the amended Land Act was under discussion last session, of clause 20 he said it was contemplated by the Government that the 40-acre pieceS might be made 100 acres ; but it had been dwindled down to suit the uncompromising views of the Minister for Lands. Their content with the 10 acres showed the desire of the Government to equalise matters if possible, and had the 40-acre clause been carried out as it could be there would be no occasion to consider the question of increased taxa- tion at the present time. (Hear, hear.) Fresh legislation, therefore, was not necessary, and they had every right to insist upon the proper uilmiuibtrattonof the Lands Department, and if that was done (they- would not have to consider the question of increased taxation. (Hear, hear.) In making the Financial Statement the Premier had made some remarks in regard to restricting expenditure in the public departments. He could assure the Premier from his own experience in the Treasury Department and other departments that he would have all his work cut out to restrict the ever-increasing expenditure of the country. The Premier had immediately under his own supervision a department which would not only absorb the appropriation set down for it, but the appropriation of every other branch of the State. (Cheers and laughter.) It was in excellent intention, but he did not see that the Premier had given them any idea of how he intended to make the restrictions It was right that they should look at the expenditure, and he was in favour of the appointment of a commission to inquire into the working of the civil service (hear, hour) for before they could make any just retrench- ment they must have some base of operation to work from. (Hear, hear.) He had stated briefly why he considered a land tax on freehold property undesirable. Some people had an idea that a land tax ought to be supported, and it had been argued that, being Free- traders, they ought to support it, but he contended that no form of direct or indirect taxation was necessary at the present time, and he would have been placing himself in a false position if, for the more sales of following up his view as a Freetrader,' he should give assistance to the imposition of fresh taxation at the present time. It would require a large amount of machinery to put it into operation. (Hear, hear.) The Premier had said that he had all the machinery required. It might be done in tho shape of caveats, but that would not bring in the revenue. Sir S*. AV. GltuTmi : It is done in other places. Mr. Dickson said it would require as costly machinery is the income tax did in England. While he agreed that in the future, possibly ten years hence, when the number of free- holders in the colony had largely increased, the basis of contributories to a land tax might be enlarged, and a land tax might have to be looked in the face, yet at the present time such a scheme was exceedingly undesirable. They should get more freeholders before they made such an impost, which at present would affect the pioneers wished had so many disadvantages looncouiitor in the past, and who were now just recovering from adverse times. He would increase the number of freeholders who would come under the tax, and that could be accomplished under the 20th clause of the Act of last session. He did not wish it to be thought that he would object to a land tax being brought forward at some future time when the enlarged number of freehold rendered it necessary, but at the present time it was certainly unnecessary and would be most prejudicial to enterprise and the introduction of capital to the colony, which just now deserved to be encouraged. Notwithstanding the Premier's remarks about it being only a tax upon the unimproved value of freeholds, it would, nevertheless, be a tax upon improvements (Oppose- tion cheers) as the value of the land was increased more or less by the value of the improvements put upon it. Therefore they were virtually putting a tax upon improvements, because the moment a person put up a building he further improved the adjoining land, which had previously been lying idle, and increased its nominal unimproved value. A land tax at the present time would therefore be most detrimental to all enterprise and it would also make mortgagors exceedingly cautious and chary of lending money at a low rate of interest, which he was glad to see they were doing at the present time. (Hear, hear.) It would have a most prejudicial effect upon the development of the industries of the colony, which just now required a large amount of financial assistance to develop them to the fullest possible extent. And then again the tax would subject some classes of freeholds to double burdens. The divisional boards and local authorities were at the present time largely rating the owners of properties within their divisions, and in the not far distant future, when a restriction was placed upon the endowments received by the local authorities, they must necessarily make a larger tax upon the freeholders to provide for the In addition to that increased local rate, they would also have to bear this large land tax, which would be a double burden upon a limited number of contributors. The scheme was such that he would not have been justified for a moment in thinking of agreeing to it, and the more he considered it the more decided was he that it was unnecessary. It was only last session, he believed, that they passed a bill to prevent the undue subdivision of land, but under the proposals of the Government, it would be the policy of every landowner to subdivide his land and minimise his holding in order to be exempt from the land tax. If a piece of land were under the value of £500 the owner was to escape taxation, but if the value were £2000 he would be taxed to the whole of that value. It might not affect the large property holders who could subdivide to escape the tax, but it would affect the small holders whose properties were valued at £1000 or £2000. He did not think Mr. Button agreed with the Premier if any exemption being allowed. When a land tax became necessary no one should be exempted. (Hear, hear.) He could not see why a man in the suburbs of Brisbane holding five acres of land worth 300 an acre should be exempted, and another only two miles out having 50 acres of land worth £20 as, acre should come under the tax. The one man was actually better able to pay the tax than the other, who possibly had purchased his land Some years ago before the great boom in the land market for £20, but who now, because the unimproved value of his land exceeded £500, would be called upon to pay the tax. He foresaw great difficulties in the way of his successor if the Lands Department was allowed to pursue the even tenor of its way. It was said that only the large fishes would at first be exempt from the tax, but the small fishes would also be brought in, and when the Minister found that he got considerable assistance from that source he would extend the tax to smaller holders, and perhaps add to the tax itself. That would be a very easy mode of collecting additional assistance to the Treasury from time to time. He would refer to a property in Queen-street, which had a frontage of 45ft, and on which at the present time there were two tenements, which returned uuaggrcgatorenlalnmouuliugto£G70. The local rating, exclusive of water supply, amounted to £88. The capital value of that land at the present time has been asserted by competent experts in the land market, who said its unim- proved value was £000 a foot. That made a capital sum of £27,000. One penny in the pound upon that would be a continual tax of £112 10s. per year, in addition to the £88 paid as municipal rates. Mr. Duti'o.v: Let the owner put up proper buildings. Mr. Dickson : But the case in question happened to be one of trust property, where proper buildings could not be put up. (Laughter.) That was an illustration of how inconvenient the tax would be, besides being oppressive to the property holders. In fact it would be more oppressive to the tenant than to the freeholder. (Opposition cheers.) It would fall upon the unfortunate tenant, who had to pay all rates and taxes. (Hear, hear.) The case he had quoted was a case in point. There were plenty of similar cases in the suburbs of men who had from 10 to 15 acre paddocks which they had made into homesteads, and on which they had resided and made a living from for themselves and families for many years. The unimproved values had in creased by the growing increase of property in the neighbourhood, and in some cases (Too- wong, for instance) of properties which were heavily assessed by the divisional boards, the rating would be increased by £50 to £00 per annum. The whole scheme was simply monstrous. (Opposition cheers ). He could not really understand how the Premier, who was a remarkably able man, could, after tracing such a scheme to an issue, come down to the House and make such a proposal. There was a large quantity of land in the colony taken up under clearing and fencing leases, lot, perhaps, upon a more nominal rental, but the lessee had to pay all divisional board rates and taxes. In the case of a man losing a few hundred acres subject to the conditions of fencing and clearing, he was improving the unimproved capital value of the land continuously, and he might be saddled with a rental of from £50 to £100 a year, which it would be wholly out of his power to provide. It would simply compel the man to forogoallhis Improvements. It would be in the conditions of his house that he should pay all the rates and taxes, and it was certainly not likely that the lessor would fulfil those conditions for him. Then again, in the case of properties heavily mortgaged, of which there were several in the ookmy-(laughter)-who would have to pay the tax ? There again would it be a burden upon the unfortunate man who was suffering from adverse circumstances, and who was living on the leniency of the mortgagor. It would simply be the man's ruin, and would expel him from the country. [A Albions : " Quite time, too."]] He might pursue these illustrations indefinitely, but he would invite Mr. Jordan, who had had great experience, to express his opinion as to how it would work in the matter of immigration. They were invit- ing people to come out from the old country under land - orders inviting them to come here to be taxed. (Laughter.) It was a great boast of colonists in England that there was no taxation here, that the people could come and settle on the broad lands of the colony. And here they were to invite the people to come and tax themselves for the benefit of the Treasury. He thought Mr. Jordan would be able to enlighten the House in regard to this land tax as affecting the quoB tion of immigration. There appeared to be some haziness in the public mind since the Premier made his speech as to whether the land tax was to be on unimproved land solely-(laughter)-or on the unimproved value of all freehold property, no had heard scores of gentlemen remark that the tax would be an admirable thing, as it would have the effect of encouraging- improvements. And he must say that he had read the Premier's speech, and had to be very careful to make sure that his (Mr. Dickson's) position was right. He found that there was a certain ambiguity about the matter until he came to the motion, which contained the sting of the whole thing. But he had placed the matter before the country in its proper light. Any misconception in regard to it should be taken away, and he was glad to see in one of the newspapers a very clear exposition of what the tax really was and he found that since that exposition had been published there was a very marked increase in the interest taken in the matter. One-half of the constituency he represented was formed of farming classes holding about 10 acres each, and the whole of these would be exempt from the tax, except perhaps two or three who unfortunately held slightly' larger areas. It would be a decided imposition upon all town property, and would prevent the expansion and development of the towns by the investment of capital. when such a scheme was to he resorted to It should be on some more equitable basis, and should affect a larger number of contributors than merely the freeholders at present in the colony. They were all anxious to encourage settlement on the lands of the colony, and he gave Mr. Button the credit of desiring to promote that object, but he fully believed that the more secure title a man had to his land the greater interest he took in it, and the more it would anchor him to the country. They all knew that in the old estates of Europe the peasant proprietors had done wonders, and through all the vicissitudes and changes to which the great military nations of Europe had from time to time been subjected they had shown their powers of recovery, and had recovered. But it was not by intimidating settlement on the land in order to carry out the extra ordinary views held by one party in the State. In the matter of sales of land, he and the Postmaster-General had not in any way defected from the Government. It was the Government who had narrowed down the interpretation of the existing law, and had not given effect to what it was expected would be done under the powers given them by Parliament. He desired to insist upon a defined line of land policy, and when they found that the existing taxation was narrowed down by the Government and the Treasury started thereby, they protested against any means of revenue being raised when the legitimate sources had been left untouched. (Opposition cheers?. ) The differences of opinion between himself and the Government could not be smoothed over, and he did not think it would have been honourable, holding the views that he did, to remain a member of it. He had noticed on the part of the Premier a growing desire to enter into the mazes of protection (hear, hear) -and he recognised that there was an incongruity between his position as a Free-trade Treasurer and that of his colleague. He knew that the Premier accused him of' idealism, but he had no hesitation in saying that a man was none the worse for having a high ideal before him, and endeavouring to approach it as nearly as nr.-ioticublo, said he did not think a man ought to be sneered at for having those ideas. The Premier had also shown a desire to coquette with reciprocity treaties and similar resolutions, and it was amusing to see how he was lending himself to advance the interests of protection in another colony while he was opposing the true interests of it in this. It had been said that it was highly desirable to obtain protection, especially for the agricultural interests. Those were sentiments that had been received with a chorus of applause (hear, hear-but the hon. gentlemen who made them had either forgotten or had not taken the trouble to peruse the existing tariff. Under that tariff, 2d. per lb. was charged upon the introduction of butter, bacon, hams, and cheese on hay and potatoes, 10s. per ton and on corn, wheat, and barley, 6d. a bushel. He had no hesitation in saying that while these imposts had been placed onforthepurposos of rcvonuoaudalso having the incidents of protection, they had not in any one instance encouraged larger or a better production of those articles in the colony, be that he questioned the propriety of making the consumers throughout the colony pay an additional 2d. per lb. for them. If they made it Id. he did not believe it would have the effect of making the local production and better. [Mr. Kellett "Worse."] Victoria had made a proposal for a reciprocity treaty, by which she would receive our sugar if we would allow her agricultural products to come in here, so that, instead of protecting our agricultural industry, it would really be swamped. Virtually protection for Victoria would bofroo trade boro-(lausrhtor)-which was exemplified in New South Wales when they put on the ad valorem duties. With regard to the agriculturists, he did not think they wanted protection in the shops of a larger fiscal impost, but they wanted increased assistance to bring their goods to market, (Hear, hear.) If they got that increased assistance they could supply the taxpayers without charging an increased price for an inferior article. In regard to himself, while he was not a protectionist, he had always advocated the manufacture of articles within the colony that could be made there, if they could be produced at a moderate increase on the English coat, and if he had been supported as he would like to have been, the ironfounders of the colony would now have been in possession of contracts to last them for the next five years. Sir S. W. GuiFni'ii : I don't understand what you mean. ' ' Mr. Dickson said that before the Premier went home, the question of having locomotives manufactured in the colony was considered and agreed to by the Cabinet. He (Mr. Dickson) was anxious the matter should be proceeded with at once, but it was not proceeded with until the return of the Premier. During his absence the matter might have been in the possession of the contractors, and the delay could not fairly be charged to the fact of there being a Free- trade Treasurer in office. He also took exception to the ultra protectionist policy on the following grounds. There was a manifest desire on both sides of the House to induce settlement on the country lands. They all wanted to see a much larger agricultural settlement. It was an unfortunate thing in Australia, that all the large cities were becoming congested by population. The country was being emptied while towns were being filled to repletion. If they went in for an ultra protectionist policy that proportion would be increased. [The Premier : "No, no."] The farmer would not train up his son to "speed the plough," but he would induce him, if not to try and get into the Government sorvioo-(laughter),-to go in for one of the many mechanical trades. The towns would thus became further congested, and the land settlement being taken away, what would become of their national prosperity of Though the Premier had stated it would be two years before this matter need be threshed out by the constituencies, he would maintain the position he had taken up, but he did not intend to ride a hobby to death in the shape of of free-trade. Under the existing state of affairs, there was protection enough in some instances, but at the same time he was not afraid to advocate the position he had always advocated, to avert a national disaster, and the adoption of a national policy analogous to that tried in America and found wanting. The third point was decentralisation. The Premier gave notice that afternoon of certain bills dealing with this subject, which the hon. gentleman maintained would be found a sufficient panacea for the cry of separation. with tyre of the bills he had no fault to find, beyond this, Unit it would require additional provision on the Estimates to carry them into operation. Sir S. W. Gnu-prm : I don't think so. Mr. Dickson said he was too much of a business man to believe that two establishments could be carried on at the same cost us one. (Hear, hear.) While he did not disapprove of this scheme, they ought to see clearly the way they were to provide the money to carry it out and to make it efficient. where he did dis- agree was in a matter of detail, with regard to the financial separation of the colony, Nothing but territorial separation would satisfy the North. He did not know if these proposals would satisfy Mr. Macrossan, because from what Mr. Brown stated to the House, nothing short of ' territorial separation would satisfy him. The proposals us to financial separation would be found obnoxious to every business man in the country [Mr. Moreton : " Queen-streot"]-and all who were interested in the prosperity of the country. The details of the measure were obnoxious to him and to those who were competent judges, and he would prefer giving his vote for territorial separation than for the present bill. It would set the North against the South, and would drive the northern portion of the trade out of the colony, as it would be more beneficial to the North to do business with Sydney than with Brisbane. Sir S. W. Griffith : No. Mr. Dickson said that this question and that of the land tax were those which had forced him to retire from the Government. On the question of protection there had been a growing divergence of opinion between the Premier and himself. He felt that, in retiring, he had taken a great responsibility on himself. If he had caused the Government, by his retirement, any embarrassment, be very much, regretted it, but he would have been a coward and untrue to his principles if feeling so strongly as he did on the questions of decentralisation and the land tax, he did not take the step he had done. He always felt that the position he had hold was due to the confidence of those who returned him. For thirteen years he had represented one of the most populous and intelligent constituencies in this colony. In leaving the Government he had taken as large an amount of responsibility as if he had entered into a new- Administration. He felt that he would have to go before his constituents and tell the causes that led to his retirement, and suffer the penalty, if penalty there was, in leaving the Government and causing it unnecessary- embarrassment. The present Government was a powerful one, and could direct the future of the colony either vasUy for its benefit or vastly for its disadvantage. The lines now proposed to be entered on would be seriously to the disadvantage of the colony, and he felt it his duty therefore to hand in to his constituents an account of his stewardship). He intended to place his resignation in the hands of the Speaker and go before his constituents as soon as he had voted on this question, and if he had done well they would give him a new commission ; or they might reject him, nñdiftheydidbo, he could feel that he had honourably and honestly discharged his duty, and retire into private life, he would not blame his colleagues, though they had got him to a destination he did not intend to reach. He would feel increased firmness and power, if he was returned again, to back him in criticising the measures proposed. It cost him great pain to tear himself away from gentlemen with whom he had been so long associated, and he believed there was never a body of men holding the reins of power who had carried out the administration of the country with greater honesty and integrity than the present Government. (Hear, hear.) He did not think some of them received the meed of praise to which they were entitled. The Attorney-General, for instance, who was a most laborious, industrious, and indefatigable Minister in anything he undertook, and he could bear testimony to him and the other members of the Government for their earnest desire to promote the public good, and the absence of desire on their part to do thing to serve their own private ends mr' hear.) He hoped that the Premier, who' man of great ability, would sometimes re."? a advice from those who were superior to hL -° actual practical experience. The pi I would not be governed * beneficially by n 5 who allowed himself to pursue the: sun facts. It wanted a man who wouldÏZ?kU middle course, as in the middle of the S a safety. By taking the advice of practical Is the Premier, would add greatly to its reputation as the first statesman '? Queensland, and also add to the prosperity, the country. He had not perhaps hZTal/ need to be a member of the Government as was not a hero worshipper He adnnVed ability extremely and in the case of the manner, he regarded him as possessing- W the average intellect, but he (Mr Dielt 1 was something of an iconoclast, and on that! count he might sometimes kick over the tea which was not-in a colleague desirable 'h' denied that there was the slightest charge of disloyalty to the Liberal Party to be lost against the position he had taken up ord loyalty to the larger, principles upon which the" Government introduced their land noW. j 1884\. It was only due to the Postmaster General to state that he hold stronger tone!, in regard to the policy of the fJoV 7 months. than he (Mr. Dickson) did and Mr. Paterson stated before his (Mr. Dickson' 1 resignation was handed in that he could not continue a member of a Government that advocated a land tax. He, in company with the Postmaster- General, did not think they would be acting in the true interests of the Liberal party if they did not mark their disapproval of the proposed Government policy, and the baneful effects which would follow it. If they could induce the Government to alter their policy in the direction he had intimated their their retirement would have been an ment culable public benefit. The proposals of the Government were disastrous and baneful to the country, and were extremely distasteful to a large section of their own supporters and by the promulgation of such a policy at the present time they had tended far more to disturb that unanimity of feeling amongst their followers than any measures they had introduced during the whole of their administration, Eurilla his speech, he had purposely avoided gobur into statistics. He could not enter into any statistical criticism, as he was particeps criminis with the present Government in all the tables laid before the House, and the figures were virtually his own. What he desired to state was that at the present time, they had all powers necessary for increasing their revenue. He hoped as a result of this debate, the Premier would open his ears to hear what the country was dinning into them. If the hon. gentleman had been in the Treasury, he would have had his eyes opened to the actual necessities, but he (Mr. Dickson) had to bear the stigma and opprobrium of having wastefully administered the public finances of the colony. He had the satisfaction to believe that he had not done 60 and also of know- ing that when a more active administration relieved the necessity of the Treasury, they would be relieved from the necessity of considering any further increase of taxation. (Cheers.) Mr. Dutton said that all Mr. Dickson's remarks had been addressed towards the principles he hold which were to a certain extent the principles of his colleagues and the administration of the Lands Department. If there was one thing that surprised him it was that the ex-Treasurer had remained in office so long as he had done. If there was any principle in what he wished to urge, or any consistency he wished to proclaim, he should have retired long ago. Since coming into office, the Government had always laid down that they would not spend any more money than was necessary for the well-being of the country. In referring to the Premier, the ex Treasurer likened him, if he had gone in the direction he desired him to go to a ship sailing into port, steering clear of rocks, 40., and setting her sails to catch every wind that blew. If the Premier had carried on like that, if in a matter of political principle he could have set his sails to catch every wind, he (5fr. Dutton) would long ago have ceased to to a member of the Government. [Mr. Her, "And a jolly good job too."] (Laughter.) But the Premier had never hesitated a moment on any question, from black labour to separa- tion. One question which had been referred to was that of endowments. It was very uu desirable that this should be an unknown quantity, dependent upon the amount of rates raised by local authorities. At present they were bound to pay on the basis of whatever th) local authorities collected in a district, and the Treasurer had to come down with double the amount. Therefore he was of opinion that the House should vote as much us they could seaside for the purpose of of endowments. The ex Treasurer said he saw no reason to fear as to the future prosperity of the country, but he saw no reason during the whole of the drought to fear, though his colleagues over and over again warned him of the danger. The Customs and railways could not keep up their returns, even after the drought had ceased, and the hon. gentleman said he received no assistance from him, simply because he (Mr. Dutton) would not have pressure put upon him to sell more land than the Government thought consistent with their principles. he was sorry the hon. gentleman in making his statement did not take the House into his confidence and tell them what he wanted to put in the place of the impositions proposed by the Premier, and how he proposed the deficiency should be met. Mr. Hm : He proposes to sell land. Mr. Dunox: The hon. gentleman did not tell that to you or anyone else. The hon, gentleman proposed a stock tax, which was the only remedy he could suggest. He would ask the" most, rabid and squatting man in or out of the House if a man, with R just sense of what was right and honest, could have asked the House to put additional taxation upon the pastoralists. They had their runs taken from them, thoirrontsinoreuscd, and it was intended to ask them to pay the cost of the rabbit-proof fence, which, to a certain extent, might be considered a national undertaking. He did not think that such a proposition could have come from any one out of Queen-street, for no one" with any knowledge of the difficulties with which the pastoralists had had to contend during the past few years could be so dead to a sense of what was right and four. He would put it down to the hon. gentleman's ignorance, as his knowledge of Queensland was bounded by Taylor's Range on one side, and Coorparoo on the other. Mr. Hamilton : He has a better knowledge of the country than you have. Mr. Dutton, continuing, said that when the land tax was proposed the hon. gentleman said he would consent to a land tax, but it must be a tax on area and not on value, which was just the spirit of a Queen-street man. If they did that they let them escape scot free. Mr. Dickson had said that land revenue should increase in proportion to the number of the population, or that it should keep pace with the extravagance of the Treasury. Mr. Dicken advocated selling the land and settling the people on it, but what settlement had there been upon it under the system that had been pursued formerly, which it was contended should be perpetuated P Let them look at the southern portion of the colony and see that result. Before land could be settled upon with any amount of success, the Government would have to resume it by purchase. Mr. Him. : Nonsense. Mr. Dutton- : Wherever they travelled it was the same thing. Between here and warwick nine-tenths of the land was locked up in large freehold properties, which stopped the poor bility of settlement. He did not care who has charge of the Lands Department; let them ask any officer in the department for information where land could be taken up for settlement within reasonable reach of a railway, and within favourable climatic influence?, and >. would be found that there would be the greatest difficulty in obtaining such reform'' tion. How was that? Simply because of land had been alienated to meet the exigencies of the Treasury. Mr. Dickson had boldly fair that he had been led to believe by his colleagues that the land revenue was to cost the interest of the ten million loan. through the operation of the Land a of 1881. (Hear, hear.) His colleagues never seen any such information It never leave 7, km (Mr Dutton), and the only man CT iTtÄerevenue from the Land Act "he said that the amount Societe Works He (Mr Dutton) was the water. 3 or otherwise stated what had »eTOV3n,e He could see what the the, west to tf.ecotmtry would be by re roll is 28 land in the hands of the Govern taxing the land". settlement If the land merit and they would have to pay for it in 48 alienated they had 2 3 s"ToÏÏd sooner meet the pinch than see strides into the hands orator private "'n,, e osg had occurred in many settled parts people, as can j Jt d(;_ ^^ÄoL^Aofshouldhayef They need not aware fly "able to settle the were to sell at the had a q 166! buyer and brought to know that .'manchdnotbuy land unless there was the act of it rapidly increasing in cattle ryeÄnanasuburbaynlandaweienotrapidly Lu lit up unless they were likely to increase Dickson had quoted figures from the tables to show that the revenue from the local i.if..llenoff It was the policy of the Gov- cause if the land was sold they would not Time it for settlement purposes (No, no ) in the West Moreton district large freeholders were content to receive a small rent for grazing properties knowing that the ultimate value TO be a large one, but they were driving was settlement Mr Thorn knew what he Zllt In the Fassifern district some of the riche t land was owned by freeholders Mr Kellett He does not own any of them You cannot tax him now (Laughter in- Diresov The revenue from the auction pc of land last year had been £64 000 he felt ashamed of having been forced to soil so much town and suburban land (Oh ' Oh') It was a weakness that he would only be I "it-, of once No Treasurer would induce him to to to that extent again Mr Macrossan We cannot induce you to go any further, you have sold them all Mr Dickson Years ago I said that there would be a serious disarrangement in the finances from the Land Act Mr Dutton If Mr Dickson thought so he took little care to prepare for such a result 16 Dickson had used strong expressions without offensive terms towards him He could not choose his words in the same, but he would say that if Mr Dickson saw a disarrangement in the finances, a more lime, more weak-kneed, more pitiable Treasurer never had charge of the department Every demand that had been made on the Treasury had been knuckled down to The advances that had been made in all directions were no doubt extravagant, and they were to blame in a great measure for the difficulties in which he laboured at the time he left the Cabinet. It was stated that the land sales were not successful as they ought to have been, and that the fault lay with the department for not ciMug the sales more publicity but if there as any fault it was his own, because he had taken the advertising out of the hands of the clerks He determined the number of sections of the land sale advertisements and the new papers they we are to be sent to The fault was his Mr Bulcock ' Hear, hear "as how as determined to check the extravagance of his predecessor The men who made com- j hints that the sales had not been sufficiently a vertised were those who would not spend a j any in buying the land. He would not keep on newspapers going with Government lady or often ents Ali II wilton Unless they support you Air Dutton- If they sold the land they yet old have more land-owners (Hear, hear) His own experience showed that the greater number of landowners there were the greater difficulty there would be in imposing the tax 11 it was the case every where The working j came were beginning to understand what their t.tteiUjtb. was Mr Dickson wished the working men who received £2 or £1 10s per week to pay equally towards the cost of Go by minent with the large landowners Ityyas entirely owing to the ignorance of the ordinary « u king men that a land tax had not yet been 1 it 11 force Many working men paid more to finish the Customs than men receiving 5000 a year from Queen-street property Mr Li el- s ii had instanced a particular it is of a property having a 40ft ft page to Queen street where the tax y rd 1 fall unduly heavily but they could not t Ke an isolated case and judge from it how the Act would operate generally There might be cases where individual hardship t uld be felt, but no measure of legislation could be produced which would not press unevenly and the land tax would be nothing 1 late glaring an imposition as the present t girl was to working men In answer to the question why the people of Queensland should be taxed to meet the deficiency, he would ask members what had made the value of property in Brisbane ? Was it not the expenditure of public money on railways ? It did not increase the rate of wages but nothing had done more to increase the value of land in all parts of the colony than the railways and the money out on immigration and yet property here nothing like a fair share of the burden of taxation Mr Dickson also endeavoured to excite a fear in the mind of Mr Jordan and others that the land ( 11er system of immigration would be an absolute failure as soon as they knew at 1 once that a land tax had been imposed The tax would not apply unless the land was freehold or above tile exempted value It would not debar any one if he thought he could got to session of a freehold It had been contended that the agriculturists wanted easier means 10 get their produce to the market (Hear, 1 car ) He did not know what cheaper means Hey could have than at present They were neipertliau in any part of the world -[Mr Killett 'No, no "even than America, with the exception of live stock Mr Kellett t longed to a class of people who thought that 11 Willmot capital should acquire everything, and defy the poor man who might wish to come in unless he came in as a tenant That was the system some hon. members advocated by Stevenson He believes in tenants Mt Hill Mr White knows about that Laughter ) Mr. Dutton He did not know whether the member for Stanley held those convictions, or represented the interests of some one else in the matter (Loud laughter ) Hon Mehdehs There are two members for Stanley Name Mr Dutton referred to Mr Kellett The 0Ternln<mt wanted a larger settlement on the in l and any means that would obtain it ought to be supported " Settle the laud" wnsnsortof parrot talk used by some people, but how were >}J f^s t0 done? What To who reason "ere had not been larger settlement on the "M «moe immigration had been vigorous? ft Tea 35s the land ordinarily available or settlement had passed out of the hands of m JfP j v A """A now if he Set a of freehold loisioerodhe was free except from the local rate'' and, behold was regarded as something sacred from taxation, although all 'a vast""? public expenditure found their unsafe late m> should the land not run, , of the cost incurred by that ex Says as the southern end of ally Z! Pt for' at least in the part frwLSmnhabl'ed Parts, ran through large freehold areas that were not fenced in some wick In the neighbourhood of AVar well ' C Toowoomba especially, it could been m" asked- the settlement had not deny me I ^ some members wanted to 'S OnÄ,wh]chlmd Pwentod settle Able of the few districts where large rra!werBC0^mtacl! scarce and where 'the to to to in to induce wihrJ? was the Burnett district, and they Mr w see So CORDER surrendered 7 Mr TW Goallttle further try Cairns Mr W A There is no land there in that; am not at all ""taken in say they'would°i;o ME he' got over the range ^coÄ^TA48? t0 Herberton before <.«*S#íkíí SV" settlement Large Cairn H J \and¿ad been taken up already at ~vual\a£l knew' one man who had got had done SOILS tt at neighourhood who is hTcSS?u,grith 15 and held it Tpr you but great as ment Selectors wYo that "is to be had to go round mans land, and yet this Government were blamed for maladministration in not endeavouring to induce settlement Mr Kellett ought to know that land could only he sold that was of good quality and suitable for settlement One statement made by Mr Dickson was to the effect that the clause empowering the Government to deal with country lands under means of forty acres for auction was intended for the purpose of bringing a sum of money into the Treasury) Well, he denied that entirely The object and purpose of that clause was to enable the Government to deal with small pieces of land which were too small for selection, and could not be dealt with under the 92nd section of the Act of 1881, and he had acted up to that purpose consistently ever since. The Government had not the slightest intention of attempting to deal with the causes for the purpose of alienating country lands As to the question of free- trade and protection, every member of the Government had formed opinions more or less definite He would admit at once that he was not a free trade pure and simple, nor a protectionist in the sense that the Victorian legislators had considered it What they really wanted was a common tariff for the whole of the colonies, when they would have free trade amongst themselves but protection against the rest of the world He had no doubt that it would come to that before long, as the whole of the industries in the country would insist that such a principle should be adopted in the near future Mr Dickson had not given tho whole of the facts, and therefore he felt it his duty to give his version of the limiter, which, he maintained, had been a substantially correct one Mr Hill considered that the speech made by Mr Dutton was like the last dying speech and confession of the man who had been the cause of all the trouble amongst the members of the Government, and although he admitted that he had gone away from his principles, of he remained in the Cabinet as a stumbling block to the progress and prosperity of the colony. The conflict in the Cabinet had simply been between the Minister for Lands and the Treasurer, between whom the Cox comment had had to choose, knowing perfectly well that the result would be an appeal to the constituencies, and the sooner that came the better He (Mr Hill) maintained that the squatters had suffered more from the Dutton Land Act than they had from and other sources, including the drought and the rabbits As to the statement made by the Minister for Lands, that because a few millions of acres of land had been alienated there was no more land available for settlement in the colony, that was altogether misleading, as there were millions of acres in the Herberton district and in other parts of the colony which were still available for cultivation as soon as the people could take it up If there was a representative c required for Woogaroo that was the constituency Mr Dutton should come for was d for, audio would be returned unanimously) (Laughter ) But with squatters and selectors he would not have a ghost of a show The im- position of such a land tax as that proposed would have the effect of depreciating the value of small properties by 10 per cent. at the least, and would further depreciate them in consequence of the uncertainty of the position, for the Government would have got the the end of the wedge 111, and if a deficit in the Treasury required it they would, he had no doubt, have little hesitation in increasing the tax to 2d 01 3d or even 4d in the pound As show . ing how unjustly the scheme would work he referred to an imaginary) case of two persons, one a well man and the other a poor man, owning adjoining properties of equal unimproved value The rich man by building a large house increased that value sufficiently to come under the tax, which, however, his tenant would have to pay but the erection of a costly building would also increase the unim- proved value of the poor man's ground, and he would also have to pay the tax without having a tenant to come in and robes c him When it was necessary for the people to contribute to the revenue they knew that they ought to do so, and they would do it willingly and cheer full), providing that the burden was put on in the light direction [Sir S AAr GiuiiiTit "What is the right direction ?"] The light direction was that of protection (Laughter ) There was not the slightest doubt about it They should have 0 protection for labour and protection for capital also The present condition of affairs in Victoria, as compared with that in New South AV tiles, was proof sufficient that protection was what was required He did not see why it should be considered a crime for any man to have acquired a freehold In his travels he met in the Tamborine) district a man, not a minor, but a working man, and upon asking him what brought him there, the man answered " Dutton's Land Act" (Laughter) stating further that he could not get any work through the Act He also saw a mob of 500 working bullocks leaving one station as fats for market (Laughter) It meant forty) or fifty) teams thrown out of employment, which would have employed fifty or sixty men The PntsriLR The gave a) s have something to do with that Mr Hull, said that it was the complete stoppage of station improvements that had caused it, not only on one station but on others. It was not only working men who were to be found in the Kimberley district, but business men He also saw there a publican, who said that he had been driven there by " Dutton's Land Act " (Laughter) This man said he had on jo) ed a good business at Adavale, but the Land Act had " burst up the whole thing, and the township was gone to him through the stoppage of improvements If they wanted to put a burden on squatters, there was an overwhelming majority of town voters, by whom the squatters could be wiped out in one net In New South Wales, the squatter's position was this they were wanting to get rid of their runs altogether, but the position taken up by the Government was this " "you have a twenty) -one years' lease, and you will have to pay for the twenty one years " That had not been tried here, but it would be an absolute danger to hold a leasehold under such circumstances Of course there would be an exodus, and they should offer them liberal terms and induce them to come here, letting the townspeople show that they were not afraid to take their fair share of the burden of taxation He was born) the Premier had always such a bias in his mind against the squatter It would have been more to the benefit of the country if he, with his undoubted ability), had allied himself with them There had been representatives in the House from the ranks of the squatters quite as good as any of those that come from the breed of lawyers He thought when he heard the Premier make his Budget speech that it was most ludicrous, that the hon. gentleman must have been laughing in his sleeve the whole time [An Hon Mejiulb " So he was], or else throwing out feathers to see which way the wind was blowing, asmuch as to say, " Those are my politics, gentlemen, and if you don't like them I will alter them " (Laughter) The hon gentleman had, with unflagging energy, kept together a team, of which as a whole, he could not speak pleasingly, except in one respect, and that was all at they were thoroughly honest, and would be able to go with clear consciences before the country The Government came into power advocating triennial Parliaments, but they had sat already for four years The one weak point in their policy was that of the Minister for Lands He predicted the dissolution of Parliament, and stated that he had wired to his constituents that it might be expected within a month As far as he was concerned, he was willing to hand in his resignation to-morrow, but he wished to see a Redistribution Bill got through the House Owing to the size of his constituency he did not think it would be possible to get another representative in time, otherwise he would resign at once At the election which he looked forward to as inevitable, it was not his intention to stand for Cook or any other constituency He would initiate the example of Cincinnatus, and retire among his turnips, as he found he was not wanted in Parliament (Laughter ) Mr. Morehead said that after Mr Hill's swan like death dirge he would return to the substance of the Financial Statement The admirable address made by Mr Dickson deserved a better answer at the hands of the Minister for Lands than it received, and he should have exhibited his side of the case as fully It was plain that the Land Act, as far as revenue went, was a failure Hon members must see that the revenue from land had gone down year by year, and instead of £701,000, it was now £o33,000, and that falling off was not attributable to the diminution of land sales Mr Dickson had said that he never expected there would be an immediate return under the new Act for some time, and he (Mr Morehead) claimed from quotations he made from the official record of the debate, that the Land Act had not realised what the Premier and the Minister for Works had stated that it would when it was before the House, namely, an increase in the rents received from leasehold Properties The Premier then made a specific st moment that he assumed that for the first ) car's operations of the bill they would got a new revenue of £150 000 That assumption had not been borne out He would ask if there was any probability of its being home out" Sir S W GiUFirrii les, every probability Mr MoKtuKAD said he would like to know if there was any probability of its being home out If there was, it was the duty of the Minister for Lands to have told them in what way it would be done If there was, Mr Dickson had made out a stronger case than over against increasing the taxation. There was another way in which ends might be made to meet, without putting on taxation and that was by retrenchment He would ask hon. members to look at Pablo T, relating to the Public Works Department If they came to analyse the figures they would find a state of affairs in regard to the Railway ay department which was momentous He had analyzed the figures, and they showed a gradually decreasing return per mile from the lines, on evidence of disgraceful mismanagement somewhere The Premier had found that there was something wrong about the Railway Department, and he saw the Commissioner for Railway s, who find that they could do with less money than last year The Railway) Department find merely spent as much money) is they had got In making the Financial Statement, he had understood the Premier to mean that unless there were urgent reasons further railway) construction should be stepped beyond what had been authorised The Premier had gone to Warwick next day, and altered his views by leading the people there to believe that the na i ed would be gone on with Mr Kates So it will Mr Moumiead If they were going in for increased taxation he did not see that a second railway from Brisbane to Warwick was necessary (Hool, hour ) When the position of the colony came before the English public, loan money would not be easily obtainable He contended that a saving could also be effected in the Defence Force, it not by abolishing by reducing it (Hear, hear ) They had looming in the disc once a large addition to the vote in the contribution to the Imperial fleet Su S AY GnnriTii About £12,000 a j ear Mr Mulhall in The Premier spoke lightly of the amount, but it was a serious item in the present position of the colony. The £15ü0 for the construction of the rabbit fence, which was a national undertaking, was an iniquitous charge on stockowners of the colony, which was aggravated by the fact that squatters were only just recovering from a knock on the head by the Land Act Not content with that the Government proposed to destroy the Marsupial Act, which had done more good to pastoral interests than any) other measure passed by the House. He hoped the Government would not adhere to their intention to refuse the endowment, and in any case that they would not repeal the Act ltwiisustonibh ing that the Premier should have stated that the country was on the eve of a period of pros point), lot if it was so the country should be given a chance to recover itself The Premier had made out no case for fresh taxation, £300,000 could be saved by our tailing expenditure in certain directions, including the Defence Force vote in regard to the land tax, he could add very little to what had fallen from Mr Dickson, whose arguments were conclusive, and could not be upset by the Minister for Lands The) had only 11,000,000 acres alienated, and the tax was an unfair one If the land tax was to be gone in for lot over) man be taxed, and it was nonsense to try) and induce smaller owners to be here that they would be always kept out of the tax When once a stop was taken in that direction they would not know where it would end It had been clearly proved by Mr Dickson that the deficiency could be easily made up without fresh taxation, and by judicious legislation and an idea to sales of land, not in the way, however, that had been rose ted to by the Minister for Lands The sales of land in Brisbane had done a lot of harm, the one in Roma-street in particular, us the land there was held at a great deal less than its value He moved the following amendment - "That in the opinion of this Committee the financial position of the colony as disclosed by the Pi miner's statement, does not warrant the imposition of any fresh taxation upon the people of Queensland " Sir S W Gun kith said that the amendment was sprung on the Government without notice It was inconvenient that he should take part in the debate until later period, but he was bound to follow the leader of the Opposition immediately he had made such a motion, in support of which Mr. Morehead ought to have given at least some facts and figures to show that the conclusions of the Government with respect to the present financial position were unwarranted He had listened with attention to the hon member, but he had heard no facts adduced showing that the diagnosis of the Government was wrong It was always) s a comfortable thing to hold that no taxation was necessary They had been doing so for several years post, and they had been wrong He had not until this year taken any very) special interest in the way of examin- ing the finances of the country, because although he was frequently taunted with the desire to monopolise all the work no one was more anxious to trust what he could to others, and he had been satisfied that in Mr Dickson they had a competent assistant, and so it was unnecessary for him to personally investigate the matter He regretted that his friend's anticipations in regard to the revenue from the land had not been successful, but to judge from past experience he did not think they would be justified in accepting Mr Dickson's proposals The motion was equivalent to saying to the House, " The Government do not understand the financial position of the country We in the Opposition understand it, and can conduct the business of the colony on the present basis of taxation " If the majority of the committee thought so, then by all means let them try, and he would like to see them succeed No figures or argument had been used by Mr Morehead against the proposals of the Government The Government were simply adv used to sell more land. The Government had sold land, and Mr Morehead had condemned them for doing so He did not know the details of the sale of the land in Roma-street, but he believed it had been forced on the Minister for Lands by the gentlemen who now condemned the sale They said "Sell the land," but mentioned no special place In regard to the 40-acre clause in the amended Act, they knew that in the Central District there was no suitable land available, and in the Coast Districts nearly all the suitable land for settlement had been obtained by speculators From Bowen to Cooktown the richest land was looked up for speculate o purposes The rich scrub lands in the North had been taken up under the Act of 1876 m 200-acre blocks, at 5s per acre Mr Hut There is plenty more Sir S W GniFrmi Yes, but it was not accessible, and the opponents of the Government wanted to see all the land in the colony looked up from settlement He was sure that the House would not allow revenue to be raised by the sale of land The House might be carried away in a desire to punish the Government, but they would allow no Government to part with the land as suggested in the interior districts they would not find any one to buy land at all Persons there who had bought land at 10s per acre at those Government mock auction sales years ago would now return the land to the Government for the money paid Mr Hill Because you have damaged them with your land scheme (Order ) Sir S W Griffith They might get land on the coast, but it would be taking it away from persons who desired it for homestead purposes They might sell the land and fill the Treasury, but it would have to be done at a certain cost to the country for the various schemes for the settlement of the 1 and the village settlement scheme, which had his warmest sympathy their, them) they must have land before they could be adopted They must have land to grant the people on, and it would be a wicked shame to adopt any such scheme as that proposed by Mr Dickson Mr Morehead had used one argument only on the subject, and that was that they could re lunch but no opportunities were afforded of retrenchment If there was room for retrench- ment many office it must be in either the Post Office of the Treasury, but he knew that both of those departments had been ad ministered with great scrutiny and economy, and he had been assured that there was no room for retrenchment in them It ty us absurd to suppose, as Mr Morehead him suggested, that the expenses on the railways could be cut down to by hat they were three-room years ago, because in 1888 I the length of railway was only five miles and the expenses £319,000, while last year the mileage had increased to 162 miles and the expenses to £522,000 The increase in the expenses had been rather more than in the extent of mileage, but it must be remembered that during that time a great number of new lines were opened He did not think thatcouldbo reduced, although in the present financial year it was hoped the expenses would be kept down to go 12,000 Hint was more than last year but during the year there had been an increase of 267 miles of railway As far as the Government were correct and the position of affairs was as he had pointed out There would certainly be by their present sources of income a deficit of £60 000 on the year's transactions Unit was the opinion also of Mr Dickson but what that gentleman had indicated was that the difference ought to be made up byinciojsmg the amount expected to be recovered from bales of land by auction from £00,000 to £100,000 What Mr Dickson now appeared to in go was that if the land revenue ought to increase in proportion to population, the bales of land ought also to increase in proportion to population The hon "gentleman should have let them know that before us that to us the first they had bond of it But why should the bales of land by auction so increase, and how long should it go on { Mr Dickson Until the Land Act has taken root (Laughter ) Sir S W Give me The hon gentleman seemed to think that they could sell land as long is they liked, and that they had simply to look after themselves yy lthont any thought of the future. The duty of a Goynnnioiit was, howey el, a great deal higher one Uitin to squander patrimony to robey o thomsoUcs from trouble, and leave a has it ego of trouble for thou successors They had a yy coming from all the colonies against the adoption of such a course, and the arguments on the subject at the present time would not have very great weight for in whether they or somebody else proposed fresh taxation, it would have to come That was an absolute certainty (No) If it w as not imposed Una year, and the Government did not make a sincere, honest effort to make both ends meet, next year they would find themselves a great deal worse off than they were now, and then the remedy would have to be a more boy ere one than what was now proposed There were fewer people in the civil service than in my other of the colonies we had the same amount of work was required to be" done, and retrenchment in the Railway Department would only make an opening for accidents, one of which might cost more than would be gained from many years' retrenchment Those who believed in raising £100,000 a year more by the sale of lands by auction could vote for it by all means, but they would have to answer to the House and to the country afterwards for what they had done He would not be a party to anything of the kind himself If he understood Mr Dickson rightly that gentleman considered his present mission in the House and in politics to be to dethrone the Government [Mr Dioic son "No"] He understood him distinctly to nature that his present function was to bring the Government up in our smug xx hut he conceived to be a xv mug course Phut, in fact, he intended to turn them out of office Mr Dickson- said he had specially guarded himself in his opening remarks from allowing the country to think that he desired the Government to retire from office Sir S W Gitirrmr said as the leader of the Government party he would prevent Uieu defeat if possible, but personally he did not regard defeat as a matter to be the least alarmed at it would be rather a matter for congratulation No member of the House could in his conscience doubt that if some additional source of taxation were not proposed they would be worse off next year than at present Mr Macrossan- bind the Premier had complained that Mr. Morehead had not given any facts or figures on which he could base Ina ii ply, but he (Mr Macrossan) would not give him cause to make the same complaint xy Then he sat down But he took exception to the statement made by the Premier, that he could lead the men's consciences The audacity of the Premier was becoming greater than it had over Ven The system of one man Government \y Inch he had carried on for some time made him believe that he was a thorough autocrat, and if he was to continue in the same course of administration as he had earned on for the last three and a half years, it would be a good thing if he were turned out of office, no matter who filled his place, as he and his colleagues had been simply leading the colony on to destruction He (Mr Macrossan) would suggest to the Premier how the deficit could be met within the next three years without an posing one single penny of taxation on the people of the colony, and without bearing one single acre of land The Premier was able, but he had yet to prove himself a practical statesman, and had never had to face a difficulty like the present This xy could prove what he was It might be unwise to sell large quantities of land at the present of uno Some of the land which the Premier had referred to as having been gained at mock auction had cost immense sums to clear, and the eight and a half millions already alienated was nothing in the face of the nn mense area available The Premier and Mr Dutton did not know what was actually available on the coast On the Her berton range alone there were millions of acres available There were millions of acres behind Cardwell also available it there xy or a road to it Whoever authorised the sale of the Roma street land did a palpable wrong to the colony, for every acre of it would be required for railway purposes, and y would have to be purchased back again when the treasury was full and when probably some other gentlemen were on the Treasury benches That was not the kind offered to sell, but there was plenty more on the coast ay ailable The conscience of Mr Dutton seemed to be satisfied if thelander only sold in small quantities and if people were prevented from settling on the land That was the opinion of the country, and that Mr Dutton looked upon every man who obtained a freehold as a thief The Premier said he had not bossed the various departments If he had not done so he was to blame for not having superintended them all as a Premier should, and prevented ducks and drakes being made of the colony's money Thoreponsibdity rested with him, and the fact that the Railway Commissioner admitted that he could spend less money was a proof that they had been spending too much, and that instead of Mr Miles being the head of the department, the department had run away from him (Laughter ) The expenditure, too, could be reduced without any danger to the safety of the public So far as Mr Dickson's claim still to be a Liberal was concerned, the Liberal party had in the past sold land by auction, and it was not the place in which a man sat which made him Liberal or Conservative With some members who sat on the Government side of the House it was simply the launch put on to catch the popular vote and it was not connected either with a land tax on the sale of land, or of retrenchment So the hon member for Enoggera had exercised his conscience unnecessarily So far as the Premier's speech was concerned, the statement that the cry that the people were overtaxed was a parrot cry, was unjustified, and if he had any real sympathy with the working classes he would never have used it It was a fund fact well known to every man who lived by the sweat of his brow and tried to make both ends meet, as the Premier had never done in carrying out his scheme of Government. The working man, with his wife and in of in family, had to pay £21 per year through the Customs only, which was hard enough, and a very tangible thing indeed, and no parrot on The taxation in the other colonies was less with the exception only of the Crew n colony of Western Australia Victoria was £1 a head less and New South Wales and South Aus Kuhn were still less than that, and it taxa- tion was in any way to be avoided it should be avoided, and it was to be done in this way There was a want of circulation, a want of life blood in the State, and the disease found out it would be for the Premier to apply) the period) For years the expenditure had gone on increasing by leaps and bounds since the present Government took office, in one y ear the increase being far in excess of the increase during the whole term of office of the M'Ilwraith Government The total increase in the ordinary cost of Government during the term of office of the present Mimsti)-tlneo yearswas £bOJ GOG 01 514 per cent, so was there any doubt as to where the disease was they had to meet the increased population who recognised but that was no argument ter increased expenditure, but neither for greater care Sir S W Gun in it The increase in endow- ments had a great deal to do with it Mr MvcnoSBV\ said he was not going into cases Hcvvasordv pointing out the disease, and calling upon the Premier to find the remedy, as he could do, and in three years without any additional taxation and without selling a Bingloaoro of 1 uidimpropeilv to wipeout the deficit altogether the Land Bill had been at the foot of the deficit The lavish expenditure of the Government had been made under the belief that a large revenue would come from that Act and indeed the ten million loan would never have been agreed to but for that belief The exportation had turned out to be ill-founded, but the party now in office had never failed to squander the people's money, and now in addition to the deficit of £110,000 they had a huge further deficit to anticipate next year, and unless there was some change in the departments, the fruit next year would amount to three quarters of a million of mine) It was the spendthrift chin sister of the Government which had placed the colony in its present position, and the richest country in the world could not stand such a strongpoints resources the real parrot cry was that lay over all this to the drought, and not to the wasteful expenditure of the Government in the Railway Department alone the cost per mile had been caused by July, or an annual increase of £70,000 and it was Mr Miles's duty to take the head of the department by the throat and tell him it must be stopped The Customs revenue had increased more than the population had during the past three ems, in which the extravagance occurred, so that neither the drought nor the floods had anything to do with it. The only thing the thought itali) affected was the receipts from the railway, and that department should have been managed differently The Estimates now before the Committee might, despite the Pioneer s assertion of economy in thou preparation, be still further reduced without impairing the efficiency of the public service and especially was this the case with the Railway) Department on the Premier s own statement alone is not spending more than they got be allowed that they were better servants to the State than the present Govern- ment-(laughtei)-wlioliadsponthulf-a million they had five or been in possession of at all. If such mismanagement took place in connection with a private estate it would result in the dismissal of the manager the Government were in such a way to blame and should be tired d occur dingy) Perhaps it was too much to expect of such a face and complainant party as sat behind the Government, but they might at least return the Estimates to the Government, and say that at least 10 per ci ii should be out off as it could be without impairing the efficiency of the hot v ice 'I be hon. gentleman should be made to take back his Estimates and flame Hiern afresh It looked as it (he Premier wanted to go out, and to go out on what he thought was a popular cry, but which would not prove to be so Unless he chose to go out, however he need not do so on his financial proposals, font was quite competent for him to withdraw them and replace them with others without giving up office It had been done elsewhere, and might be done here In regard to the decentralisation proposals of the Government, similar proposals had in previous years been opposed by them, although recommended by a commission appointed to investigate the best way of bringing about financial separation There was no cry then for territorial separation, but he predicted that it would come, and that had been the result, and these proposals would not now satisfy the claims of the North, with double the population, three times the rev. engine, and fifty times the reserves Now they demanded power to govern themselves and to form their own led off, and that was the answer the Government would got from the Northern constituencies when they chose to appeal to them He had not spoken of the land tax because with his solution of the difficulty it would not be necessary with regard to the land tax, he would get - tandy vote for it, if there were no other means of raising revenue, but he would ask the Premier, in the name of common sense, was it a time to impose additional taxation upon those who were the chief sufferers by the drought' Sa S AV Gunnia They are not the men who will have to pay Mr Macrossan said that no doubt a good deal of it would have to be home by Brisbane and the other towns of the colony, but the greater part of the burden would fall upon the pastoralists The difficulty of imposing a land tax was that they had such an immense area of land in the hands of the Crown, so that they would be depreciating the value of their own property by the imposition of a land tax Sir S W Grim urn It is not appreciable Mr Macrossan said that it would be found to make a difference on auction day or selection day He did not think there was any necessity for a land tax any more than for the taxation proposed last your or the your before that All that was wanted now was a careful consideration of the working of the different departments and a careful system of retrenchment He did not mean to reduce the salaries over dismiss civil servants If they hogan that sort of work they ought first to reduce the salaries of Ministers and members of Parliament By a careful System of retrenchment, they could do away with a great deal of the extravagant system of expenditure which had arisen during the last three years (Hear, hear ) ADJOURNMENT Sir S W Griffith said that he understood it was the wish of the House to adjourn, therefore he would move that progress be reported Progress was reported and leave granted to sit again next day At 10.10 p in the House adjourned until 3 30 p m next day. 