CHAPTER XLIV. WHO KILLED ALBERT TROWBRIDGE. I The strikes were virtually over in Marlboro. The laboring classes had learned their strength, they had learned the power there was in organisa- tion, and they had learned, also, that a man to achieve success in any undertaking must first deserve it. The employers had yielded something, and for the most part wages had been advanced. And it is hoped that in Marlboro, as well as elsewhere about the country, everybody may at the present time be receiving Living Wages. The site of Trowbridge's mills remained as the explosion had left it, but little of the debris had been removed, and the splendid water privilege was going to waste. It waa hoped by some that Mr. Rich when he pur- chased Clitheroe, would become the owner of the factory site, and take up manufacturing, but he had had good luck in bitters, and to bitters he meant to stick. " There" ain't no risk in it," he said, to one of the public-spirited citizens of the town, who was urging him to buy the water privilege, and set up manu- facturing ; and it don't cost much to get the yellow dock, and the snake root, and the ginger and such» of which my bitters is made. And I tell you there's money in 'em. People will go without clothes and food, but they won't go without something to stir up their livers. It's got to bo the fashion to keep harrowing your liver all the time, and my bitters is just the thing for it. It works to a charm." So the public-spirited citizen found that his arguments were so much labour lost on the rich man, who was able to do just as he pleased. Meanwhile Mr. Rich's mind was very much ex- ercised over what the Ghost, as he always spoke of the mysterious woman who haunted the vicinity, had told him. Soon after supper, one evening, Mr. Rich put on his hat went out, and took the jiath to the Wishing Well. The place had a strange fascination for him. He was not a romantic or imaginative, or superstitious man, but he was possessed of a good deal of curiosity. He liked to find out about things. Ho stood and leaned over the stone curbing which had once been built around the well, but which was now fallen down and half dis- mantled, and afforded but a slight protection to the incautious loiterer. He looked down into the well and saw the water black and gloomy thirty feet below. As he stood there a hand was laid on his shoulder and a voice whispered in his ear : " It would be death, certain death !" Rich turned suddenly and saw the ghost beside him. " What would be certain death !" he aked, shuddering in spite of himself, as he saw the ' maniacal glare in the eyes of the woman, and realized how easily she might have pushed him in while he was off his guard. She laughed wildly. " Down there," she said, pointing into the well. "Don't you seo 7MS face just under the water? Look-look, I tell you ! There ! see how white it is, and how the eyes stare ! It ÍB strange how dead men stare, and yet they tell us, wise men do, that the dead cannot see. Do you think they can ?" She clutched his arm fiercely and repeated her question. He shook himself loose. , " Of course they cannot. But why do you ask ? There is nobody dead in that well." " I tell you that there is ! Strange that you can- not see him. You must indeed be blind ! I see him now ! I see him all the time ! I cannot see him when I am not looking ! Look closer ! There ! he Iii ted up his hand ! He is beckoning mo, but I will not go !~No, no ! And I am not sorry ; he deserved it ! I tell you he deserved it !" " Well, I'm sure I don't know what you are talk- ing about," said Mr. Rich, feeling strangely muddled and uncertain. "Don't you ¿ Well, I'll tell you. Hist! let me listen ! Not even the birds must hear ; they tell tales. And old Peter might be coming. He is al- ways coming. Do you know who killed Albeit Trowbridge ?" " No ; do you ?" " Don't I ? Ha, ha ! Don't I, indeed ? I was his wife ; surely I should know- now, shouldn't I ?" " Yes, of course," said Mr. Rich, encouragingly. " Well, now listen ; I am going to tell you about it. I couldn't help anything that happened. Something tempted me all the time Was it Satan ? Was it my own heart ? What is it that tempts mien ?" ' " Well, really, now," said Mr. Rich, very much in doubt, " 1 can't say. I've never given much thought to that sort of thing. I expect it's their evil passions, and-" " Oh, doh't trouble yourself about it," said the woman, with evident irritation. " One could see at once that you're no parson. We'll let the ques- tion pass. Now tell me this-did ever you kill any- body ?" " Not that I know of," returned Mr. Rich, still doubtfully, and wondering if his bitters ever had íeally hastened any fellow-mortal on his way, as some of the regular school of.physicians has insin- uated. " Then you don't know how it feels. You don't' know what it is to lie awake through the long dark nights counting the strokes of the clock when it strikes-counting the very ticks, even, and wonder- ing if it will never be daylight, which scares away the phantoms. Have you ever had such an ex- perience ? Do you know what it is ?" " Well, I should say it must be nightmare," said Mr, Rich, ata venture. " No ; it is conscience. Conscience-what'is con- science ? It is something which you can never get rid of-something that is always with you. Even when your head fails, as mine has, it still sticks by. Oh, if it would only die, ac anything else does !" She sank down on the ground, and laid her face on her folded arms, as they rested on the pile of loose stones at the brink of the well. She sobbed but no tears came from her dry eyes. And that choked, pitiful,' despairing sobbing was the saddest sound Mr. Rich had ever heard. "Don'tnow," said he, entreatingly, " please don't. You haven't done anything to make you feel like j that. It's only your head ain't right, and you. fancy thingB." " Do I ?" she cried, springing to her feet, ' do I ? Look there, and see if I do ! See his face ! see his wide-open eyes, and the cold dead mouth, and the clammy forehead ! Oh, Heaven ! how will I re- member that night ! My head had been dreadful. Tlie world whirled all arouud me, and I heard voices in my ears like thunder. Oh, it was terrible, terrible ! And he kept coming before my eyes. If he had staid away I might not have done it. I escaped from Peter. I had a way of getting out when he was not on the watch. I had a secret door-ah, you didn't know about it ! Nobody knows about it but me. I slipped out that night just after dark. They told me he was going to be married. And he had one wife already. Strange that man will be so wicked ! I went out in the forest. The coolness and the shade I loved. My brain did not throb so fiercely in the shadows. I stole along noiselessly, watching, always watching. I saw him ; he was talking to a woman-a young fair girl-he called her Lena. She was angry with him-they were talking excitedly. And while they were there, that terrible temptation to see his blood spurt hot and fiery, from his heart seized me-and I-killed him !" " Great heavens, woman !" cried Mr. Rich, start- . ing back in horror at the woman's earnestness, " whom did you kill ?" " I killed my husband, Albert Trowbridge !" "What for?" " Because I could not help it." " And what then ?" " Ah ! what then ?" she said, reflectively, putting her hand to her forehead and losing herself in thought, " What then ?" " Yes, what become of him then ?" " He leaped forward and went down there !"-she pointed with trembling fingers to the well-'.' down, down-and, oh, how the water splashed when he reached the bottom ! Don't you hear it now ?" and she assumed the attitude of breathless listening. Instinctively, Rich found himself listening, too. " Ah ! you hear it ? I thought you would. There ! it has stopped. He is dead by this time. It dosen't take one long to die when there is a bullet in his brain. And the girl that was with him-the ? Lena that I told you of-she started and ran, and I saw her pick up the pistol I had thrown away-the pistol that caused his death. I have the mate ofT it here." She opened the bosom of her dress and half drew out the murderous weapon Rich had once before seen in her possession, and then returned iii to its hiding-place. Something rustled the shrubbery at the side oi the path, and the wo«ian started forward and dis- appeared. [ Mr. Carleton Rich decided that there was a case for investigation. How much credence he could place in the ravings of a lunatic he did not know, but he felt that his secret was moro than he could bear, and he went at once to the office of Judge Brayne and laid the facts, if they were facts before * him. The judge 'heard him through attentively, and looked thoughtful. " We must find this Peter of whom ,this woman.. ., speaks^and we must find the place where they live or lodge, as the case may be. Then we will see. I r shall put the matter into the hands of Detective *... Stevens. Until you hoar from me, keep quiet. " Mr. Rich went home, and for the first time ia his life he kept something from his wife. He felt guilty in doing it, and he was so near bursting witli ' it that it seemed to him she would bo likely to dis- cover it if she looked at him, and when she broke out, after dinner, in this wise, he thought she oer» tainly must have found out the whole thing : "Oh, Carleton, I have ^made such a discovery!" "Yes, yes; oh ! ha ! what is ityou have discovered^ Eliza Ann?" " You know the picture of the girl in our chamber ?" "Yes." " Well, Maggie and I were giving the place % thorough turning over to-day, and 6ays Maggie, says she, * That ould pieter ought to be dusted, for shure.' And says I, ' Yes, but how are we to get it done ?' Then Maggie mounted on a step- ladder, and give the picture a h'st, and, my soul and body ! it slid right back into the wall, and there was a door into what had been the west wing. It led right out into the ruins. And I want it stopped up at once. I never Bhould feel safe to go to bed any more, for burglars and robbers might come in on ua any time. And we got the picture out of the wall, and looked atjthe back of it, and saw there the name of the girl, 'AGNES, l8.' " " Agnes !" cried Mr. Rich, eagerly. " AgneB 1 By jove ! I'll eat my head if that wasn't tho name the old man called her by ; And noiv that I think; of it, I wonder I didn't notice it before." " " Notice what before ?" 'asked his wife. " Don't bother mo, 'Lizy Ann. Lot me think out« Yes, I'm certain of it. That picture and the Ghost is one and the same woman ; and I'm blessed if I don't believe that, crazy though she is, she tells the truth !" Two days passed, and Mr. Rich received . & summons to Judge Brayne's office. Mr. Kivel was present, and Mr. Detective Stephens. Mr. Stevens was a quiet little man, but ho under- stood his business so well that ho had discovered all Judge Brayne wanted to know. The ghost was a maniac woman. Her name was Agnes. Nobody knew trom whence she came. At ' present she lived in Stonehenge Cottage, just out- side the borders of Clitheroe. The cottage had been taken since Mr. Rich purchased Clitheroe by an old man who gave the nama of Peter Lecroir« Peter had told the landlord that the insane lady was once the wife of his master, who was dead, and who had left an annuity, or income, for the poor lady's support. " Was that all ?" the judge asked. " That was all," Mr. Stevens said, modestly. The judge summed up the case in a few words. "This woman called Agnes may have told the* truth. Insane people often do. It is a strange story, but many parts are corroborated by facts' which we have in our possession. But the worse of it is, it comes too late to be of service Lena Dudley, poor girl, is dead, and all the discoveries! in the world cannot bring her back. But if this thing can be substantiated, it would clear hec memory from the foul suspicion which now hanga over it ; and it would comfort her, father to know that her innocence was established. Yes, I think we must follow it up.. Old Peter must be intimi- dated, and made to tell what he knows. And we must take him by surprise. To-morrow night we will give Stonehenge Cottage a call." Some few preliminaries being arranged, the par- ties separated, to meet again the next evening at eight o'clock. Stonehenge cottage was a small house on a deso« late moor, and around the back part of the grounds ran a low stone wall surmounted by a scraggy hedge, from which tho place took its name. It was a dreary enough place in the day time, but it was doubly drear this dark and stormy evening« There was one solitary light burning in a high window at the back of the house, and it was with great diíficulty that the mon wert able to pick ïït- their way along the stony grounds and find the ... *' door, upon which they thumped lustily. F Thoy were nearly tired of the exercise before any bono came to respond to this summons. At length the sound of footsteps echoed along the hollow rooms f inside ; there was a noise of chairs rattling, and of r bolt3 being drawn back, and the door opened, and an old man appeared, holding a smoking oil lamp. The men started back at sight of him. He was so gaunt, so pale, so horror- stricken, that for a moment no one spoke. Then Mr. Kivel addressed i him: "Are you Peter Lecroix?" The old man stared at him like one suddcidy roused from sleep. The question was repeated. " Yes ; that is my name." " Well, we are here in the interests of justice," said Mr. Kivel, sternly. "I am a lawyer; this gentleman is Mr. Stevens, the detective." The old man bowed mechanically but manifested no emotion. ' -. " We have reason to believe that the woman called Agnes, of whom you have charge, has com- mitted a murder, and we are obliged to detain you as a witness." "Yes," said-tho old man, apathetically j " I am a witness-I suppose so-yes." "We must seo your mistress. She is your mistress, I believe ? "Yes you are right." " Can we see her at once, or will you need to go forward and prepare her ?" "No, I shall not need to do that." "Good Heavens ! old man, look alive, can't yow ? Yon act and look like a dead man. Lead on to your mistress, and look well to it that you do not try to elude us !" The old man lifted his sad eyes to the lawyer's keen face, and the look of abject despair which sat on his countenance awoke a throb of pity even in the lawyer's well dried fountain of sympathy. " Don't take it so hard, my poor fellow," he said, kindly j " if your mistress was insane, she cannot be punished for what she did." "No," echoed the old man's hollow voice; "she . cannot be punished for what she did." He walked before them carrying the light aloft in one shaking white hand, disturbing as he went, colonies of death's-head moths, and dark, ominous looking bats. Up the creaking stairs, and along a dark and winding passage, he led them, and stopped before a high and narrow door at the end of the corridor. An immense black cat, with flaming yellow eyes, crouched at the threshold, and at sight, of the strangers she drew up her back, with a low growl, and crept slowly back into the shadows. A cold shudder ran down Mr. Carleton Rich's back. There was something terribly uncanny about the whole proceeding. The old man paused before the door, and turning round, looked at his companions. "You. come in the name of the law," he said, slowly; "your power is infinite; step in, and exercise it to the utmost." He threw the door wide open, and let the dim rays of the lamp shine into the darkness of the chamber. When the men's eyes had become accustomed to ^ the gloom they saw before them an unfurnished "V chamber, through whose half-open windows came a |L I draught of cold and dismal air, which swayed the K-rt light of the smoking lamp hither and thither, and ^Qj¡ caused it to shed grotesque shadows over the only I article of furniture in the apartment-a tall, high posted bedstead, around which the white curtains were closely drawn. I The old man stepped to the bedside and drew back the curtains, and the wonder-stricken men saw , lying on the pillows, calm, and motionless,' the face of a corpse. " My mistress is there," said the old man. " Do your worst. Nothing in this world can harm her more.., Thank heaven, she is passed beyond it !" He sank on his knees by the bedside and drew his face in the sheet which covered her, and the men gazed^ silent and awe stricken, upon the dead face of Agnes, the Ghost of the West Wing. (To be continued.) 