PROTECTION OR LAND TAX. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) SIE,-In your issue of 8th instant appears a letter signed " Voila Tout." In this the writer ' proposes to show that landtax and protection are connected. After referring to some one, Abbott, who seemingly accuses him of " mixing" or " com I prising" matters (which, by the way, I entirely agree with, and will presently point out), he tries to argue in favour of the nationalization of the land by quoting a portion of Scripture " The earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof." Then follows some statements, evidently borrowed from Henry George, which go to show that (according to his way of thinking) all landowners, which includes squatters and selectors here, are to be compared to Norman and Saxon robbers-a rather warm comparison for ua poor unfortunate land- owners of Morpoth, Hinton, and Wallalong, because, coming from one in the latter disttict, the opinion given is most likely formed from those around him-and only when we poor settlers and others are prevented from becoming possessed of land (to quote his words) " then and then only shall we have contentment among the people, and N. S. Wales will be placed on a footing reached by no other country." Had he added "afterfcliistheMillenium," I would then have come to the conclusion that "a second Daniel had come to teach." He says wedo not hanker after work as the protectionists would have us believe, when they say--" get work for our boys," that is food, Tayment, or money we want/' Why did he not add " and do as little for it as possible"-I would hay« believed him. Does* he think we all, together with our sons and daughters, can become civil servants, or attain to the professions he despises so much.' All this has to be written before "Voila Tout" attempts to show the connexion between land-tax and protection. Now he beging by saying (seo the mixing), " I contend that all taxes aro connected by the common bond of kind and raison d'etre. They all aro the same means to the same end : they all take money to govern the country, and keep law, order, and progression at the expense of those who benefit by such a stato of affairs." I am afraid the confusion in this paragraph is con- founded. I could have underatoodhimif he had said that all taxes are for the same purpose (which I deny) ; but I cannot understand why taxes " take money to govern the country." Probably he means to say " raise " for " take," but even this does not seem good composition from one who, further on, says " If I could," meaning if he wore free " I would stump the country, and sow the seed." " The Lord preserve us all," because he talks of the axe levelling down the grinders of the peor as in France of yore. What a blessing he did not start at tho picnic on the 10th inst. ; fancy those laud-owners present submitting to be called " Paupers, who fatten on the brain-power bone, and muscle of the workers." Being such a patriot (as he professes on paper), he ought not to have lost the chance Their " inveterate malice ;" what is that compared to fame ? From this part of his letter one might imagine him in favour of each one pro- tecting himself. However, he tries to qualify his statement " at the expense of those who benefit by such a state of affairs" by asserting the benefits are not equally shared-" the poor being the hea- viest taxed, the rich the most favoured," and al- ways have been. The proof ho gives is that the rich have always made the laws, which compel the poor to protect property in which they have no interest. Another mixture "Voila Tout" you must be thinking of " serfdom " and " press gangs." British and European .customs is here mixed and classed with Australian onesj because after your eight years of resi- dence in the colony you ought to know that " manhood suffrage" exists here-that every man has a vote ; as he uses that vote so the laws are made ; the rich have no more ; the poor being the greater number have the greater power. Let me advise you to watch McRae ; he is a monied man, and belongs to us " paupers." Here ends his text. " Voila Tout" takes up Abbott's chief points about "American pauper labour;" at the same time he has a fling at protection, butin this also his mixing propensities shine out. He says " America would still bo a land of savages" but for the so-called pauper labour, which he says came in thousands every year from Europe. Yo shade3 or ghosts of the Puritans and Washingtons, who are generally honoured as founders and fathers of America and American independence, what think ye of this ? I hardly think ye were driven (as he says) from England by low wage3 and protection. It is within 40 years that America has become a great a nation, and long before that Great Britain was freetrado, yet it is from England that America has received most of her immigrants. " Viola Tout" must see the " mixing :" he said his " mixing" was lt with a view to an end." That end seems to be to lay tho sins of froetrade on protection's shoulders." He again brings his cane smartly down on Abbott for attempting to praise France and protection, by telling him he ought to have said she paid off an enormous war tax since 1870, and thus prove thc.t protection is a fine thing, hub ho desires hitn to tell the Australians what a Frenchman can live on, (why, frogs)-to parade their wages before the eyes of the Australians, especially New South Wales. Let mc answer, on Abbott's behalf, such a crusher ; viz., to compare them with English farm labonrers, and don't forget to compare them with the -id a day paid to the Irish ones ; compare them with the class of workers referred to by the Rev. G. S. Reaney in the December Fortnightly Review,-" Outcast Lon-' don,"-who work 12, 14, and IG hours at $d per hour ; making shirts for Jd, flannel drawers for Chelsea pensioners for Is 3d per dozen ; soldiers' leggings at 2s par dozen; lawn tennis aprons, elaborately frilled, at 5Jd per dozen ; and this in boasted freetrade England j compare them with a country situated as France ; connect England with the mainland of Europe, and, bad as it is, you will raise the taxation one-half more and lower wages in addition. This is how things stand ; the peasantry of France are far better off ; 'tis on soldiers, powder, and shot, the money raised is spent. Any taxes in New South Wales ought te bo to keep the foreigner at bay; not for powder and shot to use against the' other colonists. I will pass his remarks lightly on the Landlord and Tenants Act, through being a landlord and not wanting to know ; but I think it unkind of him to be so hard on the law-makers, the rich, and the lawyers, especially from one who trie3 to imitate tho rich ; who fawns on every possible occasion j who (as I am informed) is as proverbial as "Whang the Miller;" who (to take his own words) is one of those who bow down before property aud place with a meekness and toadyism worthy the meanest hypocrite known. After castigating the lawyers over Torrens Act and the punc- tuation of the Acts of Parliament he comes down on the clergy of all creeds, charging them for not using the power given them, for preaching I against laying up treasures in this world. Yet they build up colossal fortunes if they get a chance. Even those vowed to poverty die occasionally with j very large fortunes. Mixing again, I believe you must have carried the hod, or been a brickmaker, " V. T.," because the Roman Catholic clergy do not take the vow of poverty. Besides, let me inform I you there are thousands of poor men and clergy who do not bow down the knee to Baal, and who are as far above the class you belong to (oven by your own admissions) as the sun is distant from the earth. " V. T.," like to a child, keeps a sweet i piece to the last ; for, in conclusion, he asks W. E. A. to assist with his pen and speech to " kill this evil." What evil ? Kill what ? the land tax or protection ? Kill the thieving land owners and settlers ; kill the rich, or the lawyers or hypocrites, or the clergy, or the whole. " V. T.," let me re- mind you what the fox said to the goat, " Hads't thou as much sense as beard." Therefore take advice, and leave letter writing to the press to others ; or, when you do, never sneer or call names. If you try the subject again, say what you would do with the 45,000,000 acres sold-should it be taxed, bought back, or taken from thom. How should the remaining 150,000 acres be dealt with ; say whether you think industries necessary ; show how these (if necessary) should be established, and I I promise you less severe treatment. -Yours, ARGUS. Feb. 14, 1887. 