Loontlyuei) fbom satuuday:.s SUiTLESIEXT.] (JNDER FALSE PRETENCES. A NOVEL BY" ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " Jacobi's Wife," " Martin Deveril's Diamond," etc., CHAPTER XXXI. Accoser and Accused. There had been solemn council in the house of Netherglen. Mrs Luttrell and Mr Colquhoun had hold long uitorviowB; letters and pape s of ftll sorts had bien produced and compared • the dreasing-ioom door Wus closed against all comers and even Angela was excluded. Hugo was once summoned, andeame away from the conference with the air of a dosperato man, at once b-,filed aud fierce. He lurked about the dark corners of the house, as if lie were afraid to appear in the light of the d>y ; but he took no one into ¡lis confidence. Fortune, character, life itsel perhaps, seemed to him to be hanging on a thread. For, if Dino Vasari remembered hia treachery and exposed it, he knew that he should be ruined aud disgraced. And he was resolved not to survive any such public exposure. Ho would die by his own hand, rather than stand in the dock as a would-be- murderer. Even if things were aotso ba! as that, he did not seo how he was to exonerate himself from another charge, a minor one, indeed, but one which might make him look very black in some people's eyes. He had known of Diuo's claims lor many weeks, as well as of Brian's cxisti-noe. Why had he told no one of his diacoveiijs? What if Dino spoko of the t ssue of lies whi.li he had concocted, the fogery of Brian's hand Writing, in the intorview which they had h id in Tarragon-street ? Fortunately Dino had burned the letter, and therohad been no auditor of tho conversation. Of course he must d-ny that he had known anything of the matter. Dino could prove nothing against him ; he could on'y inttkc assertions. But assertions were awkward things sometimes. So Hugo skulked and f.owned and listened, and was told nothiug definite ;|but saw by the light of previous knowledge that there was great excitement in tho bosoms of lm aunt and the family lawyer. There were letters and tolegrams sent o(T, and Hugo was disgusted to find that lie could not catcli sight of their addresses, much less of their contents. Mr Colquhoun looked gloomy; Mrs Luttrell sternly exultant. What was going on'! Was Brian coming homo ? or waa Dino to bo recognised in Brian's place ? Hugo know nothing. But one fine autumn morning, as he was standing in the garden at Notherglcn, ho saw a dog-cart turn in at the gate, a dog cart in which four men had with some difficulty squeezed themselves—the driver,; Mr Colquhoun, Dino Vasari, and a red-faced man whom Hugo recognised, after a minute's hesitation, as the well-known solicitor, Mr Brett.; Hugo drew back into tho shrubbery and waiied. He dared not show himself. Ho was trembling in every limb. The hour of his disgrace w.is drawing near. Should ho take advantage of the moment, and leavo Nethorglon at once, or should ho wait and faeo it out? After a littlo reflection ho deter mined to wait. . From what ho ho had seen of Dino Vasari he fancied that it would not ba easy to manago him. Yet ho seemed to bo a simple minded youlh, fresh from the precincts of a monastery: he could surely by degrees be cajoled or bullied into silence. If ho did accuso Hugo of treachery, it was better, porhaps, that the accused should bo on the spot to justify himself. If only Hugo could seo him before the story had beon told to Mrs Luttrell! He loitered about tho house for some timo, then went to his own room, and began to pack up various articles which he should wish to taKo .away wi h him, if Mrs Luttrell expelled'him' from the hoiiso, At every sound upon the stairs, ho paused in his occupa ion and looked around nervously. When the luncheon- bell rang he actually dared not go down to the dining-room. He summoned a servant, aud ordered brandy and water, and a biscuit, alleging an attack of illness as an excuso for his non-appearance. And, indeed, the suspensa aud anxiety which ho was enduring made him feel and look really ill. He was sick with the agony of his dread. Tho afternoon wore on. 1 tis window com. [ tnanded a view of the drive: ho was sure that the guests had not yet left tho house. It was four.o'qjock whon somebody at length approached ¡ his door, knocked, and tuen shook the door- ' handle. - ■ " Hugo 1 "Are you there?" It was Mr. Colquhoun's voice. "Can't you open tho door ?" ' ' ' ' I Hugo hesitated a moment; then turned the key, leaving' Mr Colquhoun to outer if ho ! pleased. lie came in, looking rather astonished I at this mode of admittance. "So! It's sick, you are, is it? Well, I do'nt oxactly wonder at that. You'vo lost your chance of Netherglen, Mr Hugo Luttrell." Hugo's face g.ew livid. He looked to Mr. Colquhoun for explanation, but didnotspe.k. I " It's just the most remarkable coincidence ! I over heard of," said Mr Colquhoun, seating , himself in the least comfortable chair the room I afforded, aud rubbing his forehead with a groat red silk handkerchief. "Brian alive, and meeting with tho very man who had a claim to tho estate! Though, of course, if one thinks of it it is ouly natural they should meet, when Mrs. Luttrol), poor body, had been fool enough to sand Brian to San Stefano, the very place where the child was brought up. You know the story?" "No," said Hug". His heart began to beat wildly. Had Dino kept silence after all? Mr Colquhoun launched forth upon the whole history, to which Hugo listened without a word of comment. Ho was leaning against the win dow-frame, in a position from wliich he could still see ihe drive, aud his face was so white, that Mr. Colquhoun at last was struck by its pallor. "Manalive, aro you going to faint, Hugo? What's wrong?" " Nothing. I've had a headache. Then my aunt is satisfied as to the genuineness of this claim?" " Satisfied! She's moro than satisfied," said the old lawyer with a groan. "I doubt myself whether the court will see the matter in the same li^ht. If Miss Murray,or if Brian Luttrell would make a good fight, I don't believe this Italian fellow would win the case. He might. Brett says he would. But B ian—God bless him! he might have told mo he waa liviug still —Brian has gone off to America, poor lad! and .Elizabeth Murray—well I'll make her fight if I cau, but I doubt—1 doubt." " My aunt wants this fellow to have Strath leckie aud Netherglen too, then?" " Yes, she does; so you aro cut out there, Hugo. Don't build on Netherglen, if Margaret LuttreH'sowu sou is living. I must bo going : Brett's to dine with me. I used to know hiin in London. " 13 Dino Vasari s'aying hero, then?" Mr Colquhouu raised a warning finger. " You'll have to learn to call him by another name, if he s ays in tliii house young man." he said. " He declines to be cilled Briau—be has tha1. much good sense—but it seems that Dino is short for Bernardino, or some such mouthfu', we're to call him Barnard to avoid confusion. Bernard Luttrell —humph ! —I don't know whether he will stay the night or not. We met Mis3 Murray on our way up, The young man looked at her uncommonly hard, and asked who she wa3. I think he was rather struck with her. Good-bye, Hugo ; take care of yourself, aud don't be too downhearted. Poor Brian always told me to look after you, aud I will." But the assurance did not carry thj consolation to Hugo's inind which Mr. Colquhoun intended. The two lawyers drove away to Dunmuir to gether. Hugo watched the red lamps of the dog-cart down the road, and then turned away from the window with a gnawing sense of anxiety, which giew more imperious every moment. He felt that he must do something to reáevcit. He knew where the interview with Dino was taki- g place. Mrs Luttrell had lately been growing somewhat infirm ; a slight stroke of paralysis, dangerous only in that it was probably the precursor of other attacks, had rendered locomotion particularly distasteful to her. She did not like to feel that she was dependent upon othe.s for aid, and therefore sat usually in a wheeled chair in her dressing-room, and it was the most easily accessible room from her sleeping apartment. She was in her dressing- room now, and Dino Vasari was with her. Hugo stole quietly through the passage, until ho reached the door of Mrs. Luttrell's bedroom, which was ajar. He slipped into the room and looked round. It was dimly lighted by the re 1 glow of the fire, and by this dim light he saw that the door into the drrssing-room was also not quite closed. He could hear the sound of voices. He paused a moment, and then advanced. There was a high screen near the door, of which one fold was so close to tho wall that only a slight figure could slip behind it, though, when onco behind there, it ¿vould be entirely hidden. Hugo measured it with his eye; ho would have tp p^sa the aperture of the dpor roaoh it, but a ca¡itÍGU« glauca from a distance assured him that bot'i Airs Luttrell and Dino had their backs to him, and could not sou. He ensconced himself, therefo e, between the screen and the wall; lie could see nothing, but every word foil distinctly upou his ear. " Sit down beside me," Mrs Luttr.ll was say ing—how could her voice have grown 30 tender? —"and tell me ovorythiag about your past life. I know—I always know— hat that other child Was not my son. I have my own Brian now. Call mo mother ; it ia long sinco I heard the word." " Mother 1" Dino's musical tonca were tremu lous. " My mothor 1 I have thought of her all my life.'' " Ay, my poor sou, and but for tho ■wicked ness of 0 hers, I might have seen and known you years ago. I had an interloper in my house throughout all thcs3 years, and ho worked me the bitterest soriow of my life." " Do not speak so of Brian, mother," said Dino, gently. " He loved you—and he loved Richard. His loss—his grief—hai been greater oven than yours. " How daro you say so to me?" said Mrs Luttrell, with a momentary return to her old grim tones. Then, imin diately softening them —"But you may say anything you like. It is pleasuro enough to hear your voice. Yon must stay with me, Brian, and let me frast my eyes on you for a time. I have 110 patience, no mode ration left; 'my sou was dead and is alive again, he was lost and is found.' " He raised his mother's hand and kissed it silently. TI10 action would of couive have been lost upon Hui¡o, as ho could not see the pair, but for Mrs Luttrell's next words. " Nay," shu said, " kiss me on the cheek, n >t on tho hand Brian. I let Hugo Luttrell do it, because of his foreign blood ; but you have only a foreign training which you must forget. They said something about your wearing a priest's dress ; I am glad you did not wear it hero, for you would have been mobbed in Dim inuir. It's a s.i I pity that you're a Papist, Brian ; but we must seo Mr Drummoml, our iniuister, to talk to you, and he'll soon show you the error of your ways." "I shall bo very glad to hear what Mr Drum mond has to say," said Diuo, with all the cour tesy which his monastic training had instilled ; " but I fear that he will have his labour thrown away. And I havo ono or two things to tell yuu, mothor, now that those gentlemen havo gone. If I am to disappoint you, let mo do it at once, so that you may understand." " Disappoint mo ? and how can you do that?" asked Mrs Luttrell scornfully. "Perhaps you mean that you will wi tter in the south 1 If your health requires it, do you think I would stand ¡11 tho way V You have a sickly air, but it makes you all the more like one whom I re member—your father's brother, who died' of a decline in early youth. No, go if you like; I will not tio you down. You can como back in tho summer, and then we will think about your settling down and marrying. There are plenty Of nice girls in the neighbourhood, though none sc.good as Angela, nor perhaps so handsome as Elizabeth Murray." V Mothor, I shall never marry." "Not marry? and why not?" cried Mrs Luttrell indignantly. "But you say this to tease mo ouly ; being a Luttrell—tho only Liittrell, indeed, save Hngo, that remains—you must marry and continue tho family. ?'I shall never marry," said Dino, with a firmness which at last seemed to make an im pression upon Mrs Luttrell, "because I am going to bo a monk." Hugo could not stifle a quick catching of his breath. Did Dino mean what he said? And what effect would this decision havo upon the lives of the many persons whoso future seemed to be bound up with his? What would Mrs. Luttrell say? At first she said nothing. And then Dino's voice was heard again. ' "Mother, my mother, do not look at rae like that. I must follow my vocation. I would halve given myself years ago, but I w*s not allowed. The Prior will recoivo me now. And nothing on earth will turn mo from my resolu tion. I have mado up my mind." "What!" said Mrs Luttrell, very slowly. "You will desert me too, after all these years!" Dino answered by repeating in Latiii the words—" He that loveth father or mother more than me, is not worthy of mo." But Mrs. Lut'reli interrupted him angrily. "I want none of your Latin gibberish," she said, " I want plain common sense. If you go into a monastery, do you inttnd to give the property to the monks? Perhaps you want to turn Notherglen into a convent, and establish a priory at Strathleckie? Well, I cannot prevent you; What fools we are to thiuk that therc is any happiness in this worM!" "Mother!"' said Dino, and his voice was very gentío, " let me speak to you of another before we talk about tho estates. Let me speak to you óf, Brian." •" Brian!" Her voice had a checked tone for a moment; then she recovered herself and spoke in her usual harsh way. " I know no ono of that name but you." " I meau my friend whom you thought to be your son for so many years, mother. Havo you no tenderness for him? Do you not think of him with a litt'e love and pry? Let me tell you what he suffered. When he came to us first at San Stefauo he was nearly dying of grief. It was long before we nursed him back to health. When I think how we all learnt to love him, mother, I cannot but believe that you must love him too." "I never loved him," said Mrs Luttrell. "He stood in your plice. If you had a spark of proper pride in you, you would know that he was your enemy, and you will feel towards him as I do. i "He is an enemy that I havo learned to love," answered Dino. " At any rate, mother" —his voice always softened when he called her by that name—"at any rate, you will try to love him now." Why now?" She asked the question sharply. "Because I moan him to fill my place." "There was a little silence, in which the fall of a cinder from the grato could be distinctly heard. Then Mrs. Luttrell utterei a long, low moan. "Oh, my God!" sho said. "What have I done that I should be tormented in this way?" " Mother, mother, do not say so," said Dino, evident'y with deep emotion. Then, in a lower and more earnest voice, ho added—" Perhaps if you had tried to love tho child that Vincenza placed within your arms that day, you would have feli joy, and not sorrow now." " Do you daro to rebuke your mother?" said Mrs. Luttre'l fiercely. "If I had lovtd that child, I would never have acknowledge 1 y .u to day. Not though all the wi'nesses in the world swore to your story." " That peihaps would have been the better for mo," said Dino softly, " Mother, I am going away from {you for over; let me leave you another son. He has never grieved you willingly; forgive him for those misfortunes which he could not help; love hiin instead of me." " Never I" " He lias gone to tho other side of the world, but I think he would come back if he know that you had need of him. Let me send bim a line, a word, from you ; "make him the master of Netherglen and let me go in peace. " I will uot hear his name, I will not tolerate Ilia presenco within these wa'ls," cried Mrs. Luttrell passionately. " He was never dear to me, never ; and he is hateful to me now. He has robbed me of both my sons ; his hand struck Richard down, and for twenty-three years he usurped your place. I will never see hiir. again. I will never forgive him so long as my tongue can speak." "Then may God forgiva you," said Dino, in a strangely solemn voice, " for you are doing a worse injustice, a worse wrong, than that done by the poor woman who tried to put her child in your hou'j place. Have you held that child upon your knee, kissed his face, and seen him grow up to manhood, without a particle of !ove for h'm in your heart ? Did you send him away from you with bitter reproaches, because of the accident which he would have given his own life to prevent? You have spoilt his life, and you do not care. Your heart is hard then, and God will not lot I hat hardness go unpuuished. Mother, prav that his judgments may not descend upon you for this." " You have no rivdit to talk to me in that way," ea:d Mrs Luttrell, with a great effort. "I have not been unjust, You are ungrateful. If you go away from me, I will leave all that I possess to Hugo, as I intended to do. Brian, as you call him—Vincenza VaBari's son—shall have nothing." "And Brian U to be disinherited in favour of Hugo Lnt'rell, is he?" said Dino, in a still lower voice, but one which the listener felt instinctively had a dangerous sound. " Do you know what manner of man this Hugo Luttrell ii, that you wish to oarich him with you vrealth, and make the master of Notherglen?" " I know no harm of him," she arswered. He paused a little, and turned his face—was it consciously or unconsciously?—towards the open door, from which could be seen the screen, behind which the unhappy listener crouched and quivered in an agony of fear. Willingly wou'd Hugo have turned and fled, but flight was now impossible. The fire was blazing brightly, and threw a red glow over nil the ipptfl. If he ' en\er|<¡d ft;om His figure would be distinctly visible to Diño, whoso face was turned in that direction. Wl;at was he going to suy ? "I kn iw uo harm of him," she answered. '/Then I will enlighten you. lIu(>o Luttrell knew that Brian was alive, that I was in England, two month.9 ago. A letter from the l'rior of San Stufano must have been in some way intercepted by him ; he made use of his knowledge, however ho obtained it, to bring the messages from Brian which were utterly false, to try and induce me to relinquish my claim 011 you ; he forged a letter from Brian for that purpose ; aud finally " Mrs Luttrell's voico, harsh and strident with emotion, against which she did her best to figlr, broke the sudden silencc. " Do you call it fair and right," she said, " to accuse a man of such faults ai these behiud his back ? If you want to tell me anything .-"gainst Hugo, send for him and tell it to 21m in his pre sence. Then he can defend himself." " He will try to defend himsolf, no doubt," saidDino, with a note of melancholy scoin in his grave young voice. " But I will do nothing behind his back. You wish him to be summoned ?" "Yea, Ido. Ring the bell instantly ?" cried Mrs Luttrell, whose loving ardour seemed to have given way to the most unmitigated resentment. " Toll the servants to find him aud bring him hero. "They \vould not have far tó go," said Dino coolly. " He is close to hand. Hugo Luttrell, come here and arnwcr for yourse'f. " What do you mean? Where is he?" exclaimed Mrs. Luttrell, struck with his tone of command " Ho is not in this room ?" " No, but he is in the next, hiding behind that screen. He has been there for tho last half hour. You need play the spy no longer, sir. Have tho goodness to step forward and show yourself." The inexorablo sternness of his voice struck the listeners with amaze. Pale as a ghost, trembling like an aspeu leaf, Hugo emerged from his hidingplace, and confronted the mother and the son. 