NOTES FROM LILYDALE,. BY A ]BiMous CoNTnInUTon. WVe ehall soon have the gnsman flying around the township now, I see the coompany are laying the pipes. I ha ve a lively recollection of the gasman, or, as he was called, the metre loan, in the old country. In the wintoer time in Meanohester-that mighty city of colmmerco, gas, and steam engineos tlhey use an illlnense quantity of gas i and the gasmanll has developed into a distinct charactor; heo enjoys immuni ties that other mon sigh for in vain; he is hover soon spoeking to anyone, but goes about silently as a ghost with his bulls-eye under his coat. He is ad mitted without ia word of ceremony through doors that are closed to alhnot all the world else; he taps at the door, it is opened, and he walks silently throelgh the house, threading his way to hls metro, flashes his bulls.eye, makes a note in his book, and is gone; no snore thought about him than if he was a fly buzzing in and out, ]Io marcheos right into the trades men's shops, and into their most secret places, pottering at his metres under their very oash.tills HIo' a wonder ful, silent, unapproacllablo charaotor is the gasl-an .at honm, . lhe's.ns lfl,nto mystery and of wonderful family sooerets \--dropped on unawares--as an egg Is 0 full of meat. Nobody notioes him; if he Is come upon unaxpectedly in the i most private part of the house, shop, I or warehouse, they say, " Oh, 'tis only 1 the gasman," and leave him in peace. The gaasan and the collector are as opposite in their oharmacteritics as it is possible toe be. The collector is a smiling, talkative, gentlemanly kind of lchap; he enliles so that the shop-keepers pay their bills with little compuncotion. s A solomnn-looking, silentelookinggasman I as oolloctor would seal up the pockets of his clients by his looks, and if the collootor were to try and take the I gaesnan's place he would likely enough get kicked out of the first rplaoo he visited asn imlposter. No, the allilngs and the characters are distinct and marked. I supposo hero, in Lilydale, the gaseuman, colleotor, and secretary, will be merged il one. "There nre a few silly and truculent old ladies who have gradually convinced tlhouseolves that they suffer ion enormous hardship in being preoluled front the exorcise of tile parliamontary franchise." This is the ungallant manner in whic the ponderous Argu comes dclown upon the Womon's Suffrago movement. T'he Premier appears to be quite as muchi opposed to the movement as the .4rgiu, but the wily Gillies clothes his dissent in less forcible and more gentlemanly language. Tihe ladies-that is those who are agitating in this matter-cor I tainly do manage to matke out rather a spooious tale, and toll us, perhaps truly, I that intellectually they are perfect 1 equals with the sterner sex. But ( personally I Iimll glad to know that. these bluestockings who wish to usurp a man's position in the battle of life are in a sad minuority. The great bulk of womankind hlav no desire to vote or sit in parliament, but recognioe their true vocation in the family circle. They know that already their influence is great, and sea rule quite in proportion t to the intellect which they possess. P What nobler or higher oocupation can a a woman have than in the education of e her children and the ministrations sheo can so powerfully render to tihe comfort c of her household, A woiean of parts can oxorcise a for deeper influonc on t the charaotor of a nation by the careful training of her sons than she can (or I' could) by active political life. I could a pity the man who had to listen patiently to his wife's speeches on the hustings or in the house, and imagine his feel. ings on waiting hour after hour for the last division to escort her bornme in the early morning hours. The kind.hearted F Doctor Bromby, and a few other well meaning hicn-pooked husbands, have t boon led away-by thleaoinfeminino, etrong-minded Indles-to expense in a half.hearted manner their cause. But t it won't do, the good sense of the F people--mal and female-will put the veto on the little arrangement. The P avenues for the exorcise of female . talent are numerous and wide enough without opening the doors of then Legislative Assembly. Those who are c married Indles should have no leisure a for those masculinoemotions, and those i who are single have all the opportun ties of a higher education that their brothers have, and there is nothing in I our laws (written or unwritten) to pro.- ' vent them from turning their learning to to profitable socoulnt. Rosa Boinhour' artistlo work was quite as welcome as b are the pictures of Sir John Millais. a Miss Braddon or Ouida" could sell their books with as great facility as can Walter liesaut or Thomas Olark 1 Russol. No, they may send ladies into g Oongross if they like, hblt our Mr. Camoron will not retire in favor of the t atrongest-moidod feonle that ever walkeld in shoo leathellor, and I anm sure our bachelor Premier will iot he dis. t placed iy the prettiest girl tliat ever b stepped down Uollloa- etreoot. I suppose I owe an apology to Mr,. t James Ryai, and Is am sure that I will pay it with all the grace that I am n capable of (too manoy personal proniouns o In that paragraph, but never mnind, lot a it go), for it ls quite evident from thatI o gentleman's letter that my critloisms, as regards thle Vhitlinson Shllire Oouncil i and their address to the Qoleoii, wren, i wide of the mlllork, Mr. Ilysn oridocnly I possonsses liteirary qualiiicutions far Ihe- o yolld what are rolluirool oven in ance olulhesis to licr Majeety, and it illust u to grotifyieg to the rutolnayors of that d favored hliro to know thaIt lthley are p reopresontod by councillors and a Soreo- a tory so ominiently lqualilid for their ii odutiet, d The other day a Mr. Beddo, who is employed at lhand's tannery, on his way homo to his dinner, came across the dead body of a fully developed n newly horn male child. tIe at once a communicated with the police, and very I soon Mr. M'Williamis had i girl named Emma D)ouvoisen in custody on a i charge of causing the death of the o aforesaid Johild. There was plenty. of f evidencoe to show that the girl had, during the previous night, booen do. livered of a child, indeed she admitted as much. The afflair has caused an \- uneasy foeeling of excitement in the township, the Deovoisons being well known. Sonbr.Omnstable M''Williams h kindly put the girl to bed at his own residence, calling in a doctor and a nurse and making her as comfortable n as possible under the circumstances. I It is to be hoped that the apparently a unnatural mother will be found to be suffering from a diseased mind, for t surely no sane woman would cast away her own newly born offspring to the cold, pitiless blast of a winter's night to perish unseen. It is remoured that there is insanity in the family. We have still another tragedy to note for the past week, A man, Thomas Bloxhanm, employed as a Bullook-dt.ahr.hy-rfr.-P?a l. do Oaatnlln;: was found in a dylig state by the side of his dray, nonr the township. Ile was badly bruised, apparently by the wheels of the dray, and died the following morning at the polioo station, before he could be taken to the Ilos. pital, where he was ordered to go by Dr. Henderson, And speaking of Dr. Henderson, what in the wide world has possessed that gentleman to publish to the world sucll a lugubrious and dismal picture of Lilydale. From n report which this gentlemtnen has made to the Central Board of. Health, our township must be a very doctor's elyslum. It is represented not as a picturesque abode of hills and dalor, a life.giving rendes vous of pure azone, a perfect sana. torium, but as a flat, miasnatio, un. healthy resort of a dirty, debilitated race. of beings, who rejoice in sur. rounding . themselves with stinking refuse, dead cats and dogs, dirty water, undrained lands, unclean habits. These items stand conspiouous in the doctor's report. "Really, I think we nmust have our doctor medically eximined, andl see if he is not suffering under some kind of melancholic halli. oilation. I am sorry to record the death of an old identity in the distriot. Mr. John Cooper, of Dirt's Hill, passed quietly away last week to join the great majority. Mr. Cooper was well ad. vanoed in years, and haind beeoon ailing for some little time. The deceuoed gentleman. was widely known and highly estnolned by those who claimed his acquaintanocesbip, and was the fiathier-inl?tn of our townsmlan, Mr. JIohn Steplhonson. 