MELBOURNE N EWS. (from ouit own correspondent. ) Tuesday ovenimr. The Cabinet has been iu session all day, and is still sitting al the time of writing, but very little business has boen done. Tlio appoint ments to be made have been thoroughly discussed, aud :tho appointment of additional Exhibition Commissioners lias caused much talk. It ib understood that Mr Greene, Engineer of Exist ing Lihes,; was appointed Railways .Cdthmis- Bioner. Typhoid continues to spread. Twenty cases, including three fatal, were reported to-day. Teh cases -are under treatment in the Mel bourne Hospital,, and. four , in the Sandhurst Hospital, ; , The. Pufuuce Department is considering, a proposal to' (jxtoncl this year's Easter Encamp ment over a period of aix days, instead of four as hitherto.' i- d - Everything is progressing favourably at the Quurantino ' Station, aud the smatl-tiox patients are recovering rapidly. . Mr E. Paries Nosbitt, the Adelaide solicitor, who was refused a summons against Dr. Sinimin's for having signed a certificate stating that lie (Nesbitl) was a lunatic, lias applied to the British 'Medical. Association, charging Dr. Simmins with unprofessional conduct, asking that a meeting of the Board may be called when Nesbitt.undertakes to substantiate, liis charge. A. slight collision occurred iu tlie Yarra this morning; between the' steamer Gabo and Glau- cus, wlieroby about L100 worth of damage was -done to . the Gabo, the Gluucus being apparently 'uninjured. Tho Metropolitan Licensing Court sat to- day, and dealt with a number of applications for transfers and licences, none of which wore of importance, although in one case permission was granted to the wife of tlio licenseo of the British Queen Hotel, North Fitzroy, to carry on: the business for thrue months in the absencu of her husband, who disappeared mysteriously a month or two ago. The licenseo, Logan, is sup posed to be insane. Quite a number of licensees were fined for Sunday, trading, and selling after hours, the chairmau of the bench, Judge Chom- loy, remarking that ofl'enccs of this kind seemed to be on tlie increase, and that the Court would make every effort to enforce the provisions of tho Act. A deputation from the Chamber of Commerce waited on tlie Postmaster-General this morning asking - him to take immediate steps for the establishment of a telephone exchange. Mr Derham, in reply, explained the present stato of affairs, and regretted that tho action of the Telephone Company prevented. . a, reasonable settlement of the difficulty being arrived at. The Cabinet were not now inclined to trouble any further about the Company unless they put forward a ' bona fide ' proposal. In answer to a telegram to the Agent-General he had been in formed that a quantity of very valuable infor mation respecting telephones would be sent out by post. He assured tho deputation that the Government would Bpare no effort to establish a Telephono Exchange. Viotorian Club Meeting. — Latest scratchings. — Hurdle Race, — Marion, Steersman, Cricket, Spider, Huntsman, Letitia, Aristides, Cervantes, Distiller, Qountry Boy. Cup— Duration, Silver- mine, Hogmanay, All Gold, The Lcvite,. Lara, Sheet. Anchor, Cat's Eye, Honeybee, Ghuckater, Perchance, Crusoe, Cadland, Louise Borta, Empress. Two Year Old Handicap.— Lieder-' tafol. January Handicap. — Munwyrtiua, Sur prise, Violet, Sir John, Edith, Poor Jim, The Ghost, Mormon, Phcebe, Walton. Steeple-- chase. — Contingent. All Engagements. — Louise Berta. Two-bodies of men were found floating in the Yarra this morning. The so-called Hotham outrage was undor in-, vestigation this morning at tho local Police Court, when Alfred Pynsent, 19 years j Michael Callanan, 17 years; Thus. Daniel, 21 years; Charles Lawrence, 18 years ; and Walter Wil-; liamsou, 15 years, were charged with criminally- assaulting S'elina Walkerden on the loth inst.: The girl's evidence only was taken, and, accord ing to it, she occompanied Pynsent to the Carl- tou Oval on Saturday night, and was thero as saulted by him. 'She afterwards went with an other girl to Keir's dairy, where the prisoners wero employed, anil was kept forcibly until Sun-: day, h'er companion having escaped. During, her stay each of the prisoners assaulted lier. The prisoners were remanded until Monday next, bail being refused. Amongst the applications for letters patent grauted to-day was that of E. Waters, patent agent for tlio inventor, Herr Sprongstoff, of Hamburg, for the manufacture of granular nitro cellulose. Tho application was opposed by Mr J. J. Jones, manufacturer of explosives. Tho application was granted with restrictions, L5 5s costs being allowed Mr Jones. A supposed caso of attempted suicide oc curred this morning. A man named William Low, aged about 60 years, residing in Ridgway Plaoe, off Little Collius-Btreet, was found lying in nn insensible condition in a shed at the rear of his residence. Thero was a bullet wound in his forehead, and a recently discharged pistol by liis sido, be having evidently attempted suicide. He wna taken to (lie HoBpital. Commercial. — At auction 72 bags of wheat sold, for which 33 lid was paid ; privately, 3s lid to 3s Il|d is quoted. Flour continues to move off at L9 12s 6d. Good now oats sold at 2s lOld. Barley is in demand, 3s 9d paid for now malting. Sales of peas at 3s Cd. Bran at lid. At the sugar sales counters sold at L20 10s, groys at L22 to L22 10s, and whites, L22 15s to L23. 