'OwrEn, KcoOWL t?;O^, AD ?IsnAIT.y.-Tlth desireof power in excess caused the angels to fall; the desire of knowledge in excess caused man to fall; but in charity thero is no excess.--taron. Bl a virtuous emulation the spirit of man is exalted within him ; he panteth after fame, and rejoiceth as a racer to run his course. Do you think of one falsity oas harmless, and another as alight, and another as unintended ? Cst them all aside; they may be slight andaccidental, but they are ugly soot from the smoke of the pit, for all How TO iocorMt YOUR OWN GRANDFATnER.-Thera were a widow and her daughter-in-law, and a man and his son. The widow married the son; the dtoe htier the old man. Ther widow was, therefore, m.thler to her husband's father, consequ-ntly grand imthr to hIr own husband. Theyhnad a son to whom rih, was ger nt-gr.ndmother. Now, as the son of a pre t.ernrdnother must be either grandfather or gr- a ul.le,. this boy was, therefore, his own grand t:,"'r. This was actually tile coase with a boy who w." , to a 'hnlI at. Norwich. KxowtLP.non is valuable as a lover to lift men and women to a higher plane of being; but it is not in it self the be-all and the end-allof existence. The passion tor knowing is superior to the knowledge itself, but .othl together are not sufficient to ensure the welfare of a nation. There mustalso be the desire, the effort, and the wisdom so to use tho knowlet?g as to improve and exalt the character, and so to cultivate the whole nature of those we teach as to make them not '"sly bettero 'holars, but better and nobler men and womoen. I Ai; thou art; he in! seoems but a schoolboy's conjugation. Butthoreiu lies a mysterious meaning. We toehold all round about us one vast union, in which no man can labour for himself, without labour. Ing at the same time for all others.-Lonqfdllo!os PEnto.oI an HAwKn.ns.-' Colporteur.' in England, as well as in France, is the a"cepted word for one a he goes about. the country sollingbooks and other puhli. cations. Book podler, or book hawker, might halv been used, but it is a mioot point which would have been best, In legal documents 'pedlers and hawk, rs' are always cla'sod together; they aore, however, clearly distinguishable. A pedlor, strictly speaking, is one who travels on foot selling potty wares, wlile n hawker may posses acart or wagon. This difference, clearly marked in the present usage of the words, is not so clear in their etymology. ' Podler,' some think, comnes from pad, a Suffolk word for a basket, because pedlers of ten carry one; another derivation suggested is pedttbarius, a socksman; a third, petit (Flron ll) be cause th-: pedler sold little wares; nod this last should probably have had the sanction of Dr. Johnson. 'iThe most prtbahbl derivation, however, seems to be the Fren .hI pied, or tih Italian picde, afoot ; and a corres pondent in 'Notes and Queries' suggests that the word ' pellor' is directly taken from one or otherof thelonprersions; a pilde dull' drta, on foot from the mountrain ; or a piide all' rta, on foot, on the look- out. The Italians were, noswe know, the leaders in commer cial enterprise in the Middle Ages, and it is probable that the lirst, pedlers known in France and England wrere avoyards, or Northern Italians. 'hat * podler' in any trose came to us from Franco is favoured by the phrao ' pedler's French' which may thus have got its meaning of ,j.rgon. ' Hawker' it issuggested, comes from ' hawk,' bce ruse, like that bird, the hawker goes to and fro, rambhing backwards and forwards from placoe to place, or travelling continually in a circle, Hawker, however, is clearly aTeutonic word, and may be derived as others think from the German hockec, in the sense of carrying a burden on one's back. If this were certain, ' hawker' would, otymologically, be a good translation for colporteur, which is derived from the Latin collo portare, to carry on the neck, Others, again, derive it from the German auettdc, to increase, becausethohawker sells for more than the first vendors; in which case hawker and auctioneer would, we suppose, be distant relatives. Richardson makas hawker descend from the same progenitor as huckster, which Junius says is from an old Dutch word--hoecken, a retailer, derived from hotck, a book, because they endeavoured to hook or draw in strangers. Whatever tho etymology, hawker is pro cluded from being the translation of colporteur by its long- established usage to represent one who goes about selling goods in some conveyance with the words 'licensed hawker' pointed on a conspcuous part. Stunday at lHoue. Ance?ao--There were hills which garnished their proud heights with stately trees; humble valleys whose base estate seemed comforted with the refresh ing of silver rivers; meadows enamelled with all sorts of eye-pleasing flowers; thickets which being lined with most pleasant shade wore witnessed so too, by the cheerful disposition of many well-tuned birds; each pasture stored with sheep, feeding with sober security; while the pretty lambs with bleating oratory craved the dam's comfort; here a shepherd's boy piping as though he should never be old; there a young shopherdess knitting and withal singing; and it seemed that her voicocomforted her hands to work, and her hands kept time to h?_?y??.nuasic,-Sir Phidip, Sidenrr' 4rcrdit,' -- .-.. - - TnHE worst of all affectation is the vain and ridlcaloul attempt of poverty to appear rich. How very easy it is to be amiable in the mldstof hapl piness and success. IN great cities we learnto look theworld in the fact We slako hands with stern realities. Love, that is but an episode in the life of man, it the entire story of the life of woman.-illadame d4 Stael. GIEnr anticipates age. Dwelling on the inevitable past, forming vain hypothesis as to what might have been if this or that had or had not been, acquiring a craze for recounting what has occurred-these acts do more harm to future health and effort than many things connected with real calamity. Occupation and now pursuits are the best proventives of mental shock and bereavement. Oven the triple doorways of an Italian cathedral there are three inscriptions spanning the splendid arches. Over one is carved a beautiful wreath of roses and underneath the legend, 'All that pleases is but for a moment.' Over the other is sculptured a cross, and there are the words, ' All that troubles is but for a moment.' But underneath the main arch is the inscription, 'Thatonlyis important whichis eternal.' ST. MIICHAEL.' SANDS.-It is a happy, healthy life that one leads in that pure Atlantic air, wandering over the wide sands; we have said already that there is little danger thereon, and that only from the rapid tide if the 'lie' of the runs be unknown; from the famous quickoands there is really none unless the actual margin of the sea be visited many miles from the Mount. In all our wanderings over the bay right up to Avranchet we never found a single spot that was really perilous; all the sand is permeated indeed by water, and becomes jelly-like for several yards round if much trampled upon, eventually sucking a man in if lie stays on one spot, but very slowly. Still let no one in sport lhow the sand to mount as high as his knee, or he may find the superincumbent weight hold his feet as in a vice, while with every effort he sinks more surely to a frightful death. But if of his experience he move more quickly over some spots than others he will never be in danger, and will find much of the sand, especially, contrary to ex pectation, under water, as firm as a rock. And if lihe has mastered fears begotten of alarmist guide books and interested guides, he may see, as nowhere else out of the desert, the marvellous tricks of mirage; broad pools will shimmer and retreat before him, trees wave where the tide has been, and cliffs arise in mid-sand; and if lie be far out on a hot April morning he may look back to see the two rocks hanging midway mo the air, while the sands seem to stretch away beneath them. Or he may traverse two miles of sands and ford the shallow Si6une to Tombelaine in quest of halt mythical ruite, and wholly mythical rabbits; like its more famous counterpart the granite rock rises sheer from the sand, but, save a tangle of brushwood, bears nothing on its peak but faint traces of a feudas fortress.-' On Normandy Sands,' in the Cornhill Mllgazinse. JcuAiRn s'c is the capital of tho Wiauaclan portion of the Kingdom of lioumania. The city aims at being a little Paris in all its bad, though in few of its good features. The country is, howover-thoclimato aside -a tine one, the general characteristic of Roumania being a bare plateau, backed by the thickly-wooded Transylvanian Alps, permeated by anumber of rivers, which, like theo Pruth, the Sereth, and the Aluto, are tributaries of the Danube. The people are easily im pressed, extremely volatile, and, as a consequence, irritable, and dilffiult to rule. Their tongue, written and spoken, is the Roumanian, a corrupted form of Latin, yet so near the classical language that any one acquainted with Latin can make out the sense of a native newspaper or book without much trouble. Bucharest has 220,000 inhabitants. It is badly built, and ex remely heterogeneous, a pretentious palace and a wretched hut being reared side by side, whilst the places of worship are moat incongruously situated. The large gardens which surround so many of the houses cause the town to spread over a space dispro portionate to the population. The 'City of Pleasure,' as the'oloumanians style their capital, is not a townot much pleasure to those compelled to walk or drive through its badly-paved or altogether unpaved streets, choked with dust or insects in summer, knee-deep in mud during the winter, and full of ruts all the year round. ?urMsEzosIS OF New Yoe.,-The most forcible impression on my mind was to the effect that that most frugal and ingenious people, the Dutch, had been forced by the machinations of Prince Bismarck to evacuate Holland, and had suddenly colonized the purlieus of Paradise-street, Liverpool, which by some preternatural means or other had been transported across the Atlantic. The little red-brick houses, the high 'stoops' or flights of wooden steps in front, the green * jalousie' shutters, the handicrafts and shop business carried on in cellars, the amount of mopping and scrubbing and scouring going on, the endless pro cession of open drays full of corpulent little kegs pro sumably full of Schiedam, all at first bespoke the neighbourhood of Amsterdam, Rotterdam, or the Hague. But no; I was not in Holland. Locomotives and passenger cars are not accustomed, so far as my remembrance serves me, to whiz through the ambient air on a level with the second-floor windows in the towns of the Low Countries; and it was only when crossing one of the avenues that I began to realise the fact that I had reached the only country which as yet possesess that not very artistic-looking but still dis tinctly beneficial institution, an 'Elevated Railway' America . ... I had, scarcely, however, made up my mind that I was in the United States when a change came over the spirit of my dream, and I found myself murmuring that surely I must be in Germany. Those unmistakably Teutonic names over the shop fronts, those bakeries, barbers, billiard-rooms, shops for the sale of 'underwear,' eating and drinking houses, lager beer saloons, bowling alleys, and corner groceries- the whole redolent with a mild perfume of sauerkraut, sausages, and Bremen tobacco, belonged obviously to the Fatherland-not, perhaps, so much to austere Berlin, or vivacious Vienna, or :esthetic Munich, ordecorous Dresden, as to one of the Hlmse towns. . . Yes, I am in Germany; and I waited in fear and trembling to hear the strains of the ' Wacht am Rhein,' to see the warriors of Germania with their invincible 'pickelhaubo' helmets and their irresistible needle-guns march by ' in squadron-and platoons, with their music playin' chunes,' and to feel that I was a' Philister.' Not a bit of it. We jolted round a corner. We passed by a Monte Testnccio of potatoes, of evidently Irish extraction. I saw Mike from Connemara smoking his dhudeen. Bid ly M'Flinn was brushing up some blooming Newtown plppins with the corner of her woollen shawl, to make the fruit look spruce and tidy for market; and Father O'Quigly, the priest, passed by sleek and smiling, with a broadbrimmed hat and a black broad-cloth coat reaching down to his heols.-America Revisitcd. By George Augustus Salta. A SPELL OF POWEn.-BleSSed influence of the true loving soul on another, not calculable by algebra, not deducible by logic, but mysterious, effectual, mighty as the hidden process by which the tiny seed is quick. ened, and bursts forth into tall stem, and broad leaf, and glowing, tasselled flower I Ideas are often pooz ghosts; our sun-filled eyes cannot discern them ; they pass athwart us in thin vapour, and cannot make themselves felt. But sometimes they are made flesh; they breathe upon us with warm breath, they touch us with soft, responsive hands, they look at us with sad, sincore eyes, and speak to us with appealing tones; they are clothed in aliving, human soul, with all its conflicts, its faith, and its love. Then their presence is a power, then they shako us like a passion, and we are drawn after them with gentle compulsion, as flame is drawn to flame.-Gcorge Eliot. GoensuTrn.--Colonel O'Moore, of Cloghan Castle, Ireland, told an amusing instance of the mingled vanity and simplicity of Goldsmith, which (though, perhaps, coloured a little, as anecdotes too often are) is characteristic at least of the opinion which his friends entertained of Goldsmith. One afternoon, as Colonel O'Mooro and Mr. Burho were going to dinn with Sir Joshua Reoynolds, they observed Gold. smith (also on his way to Sir Joshua's) standing near a crowd of people who were staring and shouting at some foreign women in the windows of one of the houses in Leicester qstiaro. 'Observe Goldsmith,' said Mr. Burke to O'Moore, 'and mark what parses between him and me by-and-by at Sir Joshua's' They passed on, and arrived beforoGoldsmith, who came moon after, and SIr. Burke affected to receive him very coolly. This seemed to vex poor Goldsmith, who begged Mr. Burke would tell him how he had the misfortune to offend him. Burkoappeared very reluctant to speak, but, after a good deal of pressing, said 'that he was really ashamed to keep up an intimacy with one who could he guilty of such monstrous indiscretions as Gold smith had just exhibited in the square.' Goldsmith, with great earnestness, protested he was unconscious of what was meant. ' Why,' said Burke, 'did you notexclaim, as you were looking up at thoseo women, what stupid beasts the crowd must be for staring with such admiration at those painted Jezebels while a man of your talents passed by unnoticed?' Gold. smith was horror-struck, and said: ' Surely, surely, my dear friend, I did not cay so ?' Nay,' replied Burke, ' if you had not said so,how should I have known it?' ' That's true,' answered Goldsmith with great humility; ' am very sorry-it was very foolish; I do recollect that something of the kind passed through my mind, but I did not think I had uttered it' ro, , Beet e ?_.e?'_? Tison,', " 