PUKE GOLD ! BY MRS. H. LOYETT. CHAPTER XT.— [Continued.) ? ' THE COUSINS. ' 1 do not want your help,' bpgan the other coldly and ungraciously ; and then a stiddon thought of Colonel Abbott and. tlio five thou sand pounds rushed into his mind; it. was liko the grasp of a rope to a drowning man. ' Yob stay,' he said, turning round quickly upon his cousin ; ' do you really mean what you say, I wonder ?' There was nn anxious, troubled look in the eyes lie fixed upon him. ' Oswald,' said Val, simply, ' though we are strangers, yet we are cousins ; blood is thicker than water, they say, and our mothers ?were sisters ; you look like a man in previous trouble, to whom should you come, if not to mo 1 Be generous to mo, and let me help you!' Oswald Power was neither clever nor noble minded, but some where or other beneath his foolishness there was a soft spot in his heart. He could not but be touched by this appeal ; could not but see that there was no unx*eality in 'Val's offer of help. A sudden burst of confi dence moved him to put his hands out to the younger man. 'Ah !' he said, ' you cannot help me with the worst of my trouble; and yet there is something you could do for mo if you would. I would not ask you if it, were- only for the money, but it is for honour too.' Val looked sympathetic and full of interest. ' You are a good fellow, I do believe, Valen tine,' continued Oswald, with a ghost of a smile. ' You must think me an unmannerly brute, and that I grudge you your good luck ; but you would forgive me for my bad temper if you knew all. Look, here,' .he continued, after a pause, ' it is not only money — though that is bad enough, for I am pretty near broke and in debt all over the place — but there was a woman I loved.' Poor Oswald ! occe launched upon this subject, his secret flowed easily from his breaking heart ! His voice trembled and his eyes grew dim and blurred as he spoke of it. ' A girl whom I was to have married ; whom I thought good and true.' ' Yes, yes,' murmured Val, with a strangely beating heart. ' I thought that she cared for me — for me — myself, yor understand — not for any money that I might be going to have. Her eyes were so loving, her voice so tender. Ah, if you had seen her, you would have believed in her too !'' 'Yes,' he murmured once more, with a faint sickening dread at his heart. ' And now,' continued Ckwald desperately ' now, because I am disinherited — because I am poor — she has thrown me over.' ' Oh, no, no, no !' cried Valentine, with a passionate reiteration of denial. ' No it can net be possible. You must have misunder. stood her ; there must be some mistake.' ' Mistake, indeed !' repeated the other, with a bitter laugh. ' Not much mistake about it, I fancy. Bead that.' He tossed the little crumpled-up note into his cousin's hands. Val opened it. He had turned very pale. This is what he read — ' I have just heard the dreadful news, and I write at once to give you up for ever. Po verty would suit neither of us. You pressed me yesterday for an answer, and this is my answer. Do not think me unkind : 1 have my duty, as a daughter, to consider. Under other circumstances we might have been happy together ; as it is, let us remain good friends, but remember that we can never be anything more.' There was no signature. Valentine sat staring blankly, hopelessly, at this handwriting, which he had never seen before, till the words danced confusedly upon the white paper before his eyes, and the writing, bold and large in character, burnt itself for ever into his memory. ? In a moment he was far away from Clarges Street and Oswald Power; floating on a blue rippled Westmoreland lake ; and hefore him there gleamed a sweot, girlish face, with earnest, grey eyes, whilst a clear voice seemed to ring once more in his ears, 'You see it is the way wo are all of ua brought up, we girls, nowadays.' It was Letty's voice that seemed to say this to him over again. False, heartless, and mercenary ! Had she said to him— to ValentineEy to— -' I can never love you — never be yours,' that he told him self would have been easy to bear. But that lio should behold her revealed to his eyes in this horrible, this degrading character, this scorned to him to.be uu agony that was almost intolerable.. Death may take our dear ones, and their places may be filled up in our hearts, but never, never-again can life restore to us 'the broken hopes, the shattered illusions, of our youth's fond imaginings. Those things, once slain, have perished for ever. These are griefs for which there is no healing, which leave a scar that timo has no power to oblit erate. ? . ' That is woman's love ! ' cried Oswald with a scornful laugh, breaking in upon his reverie. ',' My dear Valentine, you are a wealthy man, and I am a ruined ono, but I am older than you, and I've seeif the world, and you have ?not yet entered upon it. Let rao give you ono ; piece i of useful advices before you do so. Don't !put your heart at the mercy of a woman. If you do/you will repont it, us I do to-day.' \- But Oswald had said -this many times about many women. At this moment, it was Val entine who suffered the most. 'It is sad — very sad,' ho said, as he gavo him back tho note, nothing doubting but that it hud born written \\-y Lctty Ormond, between whom and his cousin ho had Lady Oornolin's authority for believing there had existed an engagement. 'You are right, Oswald. lean not help you (hero ; I can only pityjou. Let us not speak of it. Tel' me rather what it is that I can do for you.' ' It is because of — of her — that this pthor matter is so bitter to me.' said Oswalcb hesitatingly. ' I owe money to — to a member of her family ; they are poor, you know.' ' Yes ; «nd you promised to lend them money 1' ' No ; I was foolish enough to play high ; I lost.' ' It is a gambling debt thon 1' said young Valentine, with a frown upon his clear brow. ' Well, a debt of honour.' ' I don't see much ' honour' myself about it,' replied his cousin quickly. ' How much is it V 'A great deal, I am afraid — five thousand pounds. You see to remain in debt to any one belonging to her ? -' 'Is absolutely impossible, either for you or for ' me,' said Vol hastily. ' This is my business, Oswald, quite ns much as yours. There is no dilliculty about it at all. Tell me the name of your banker, and the money shall be paid into your account this afternoon. L will seo about it at once.1' He took out his pocket-book and wrote down a rapid memoran dum. ' But surely, Oswald, I can help yon more than this. What are you going to d° with yourself?' ' I shall have to bolt. I am horribly in debt, and I've been living beyond my income. I must go abroad.' Val thought a moment, then he said — ' Look here, Oswald, I have a proposition to make to you, with a condition. I will pay your debts for you — give me all your bills and they shall be settled, only let me have every one of them.' . 'My dear Valentine, I could not think of it,— -why should you 1' ' Wait I you have not heard my conditions. By-the-way, these rooms— what are you going to do about them V ' Sell the furniture, I suppose. I must give them up.' ' Well, I think they will suit me. I will take them off your hands, if you like.' ' You are too good to me;' murmured Oswald, almost overcome. ' Not at all ; I want good rooms, and these will do for me admirably, and save me the trouble of furnishing. But I have not told you all. I will set you clear on one condition — you must do something for me.' ' 1 will do anything — anything you ask,' said Oswald fervently. And he meant it at the moment. ' I want you to go and live up in West moreland, at the old Tower.' 'At Cragstone Edge V ' Yes ; it will be very dull, but you will have plenty to do. I am going to do up the old place thoroughly. It will be re- decorated and re-furnished throughout. I shall send down workmen from town. The grounds, too, are to be laid out afresh, gardens and shrub beries to be made, and glass-houses built. I shall send practical men from London, but I wish you to live on the spot, to overlook and direct everything. You will be my agent, in fact, and free to exercise your own taste and discretion in everything. The house must be arranged inside and out in a fitting style for a lady's occupation. I intend to marry, and when I marry I shall live there.' ' You intend to marry? You are not then warned by my example?' hazarded, Oswald. ' Yes, I shall marry,' replied Val gravely— too gravely for such a subject. ' I do not think I shall run the same ri?k as you have done,' he added enigmatically. Oswald did not understand him, but he offered no explanation. ' It does not suit me to leave town ; you will be the greatest help to me up there. In a year's time I reckon that Cragstone will be fit for my reception, and for that of the lady whom I shall make ray wife. I do not know her yet,' he added, with a smile, as he caught Oswald's puzzled expression. ' Well, do you agree to my terms ?' ' With all my heart. How, indeed, could I do otherwise ? They are simply salvation to me.' ' Very well. In a year's time you will pull round. Of course you live at my expense; and you will be able to face tho world again.' And then he went away, leaving Oswald Power, under the- impression that, though a good fellow, he was decidedly rather mad. (To he Continued.) 