? '~Z — ~~ ~' ? 1» AOTA POPULI. By the Flaneur. . . ', . -: ''/?/?'/' , ' Foolery, sir, does walk about the orb, like the sun } ifc Eliinos everywhere.' . ' Twelfth Nisht. '.,?'' Laus Deo ! The Jubilee racket is over. And, if ' our gracious Queen is not heartily sick of the farce, I can honestly assure her that the majority of her Australian subjects are. Our weariness and disgust, however, arise, not from any deplorable lack of loyalty, but simply from the outrageously asinine manner in which our blundering rulers arranged and carried oufc their r-rofframmes. With every facility at their command for starting something which would help to keep her Majesty's memory green and perpetuate the remembrance* of our Jubilee celebrations, our hig-headed but little-witted festivity organizers could strike nothing more original after all than a monster savage shivoo of buns and blazes. Centuries ago,' when the kangaroo danced ' Tatter'd Jack Welsh' where our gorgeous Town Hall now stands, and the melodious sounds of the ' corro boree' carnival of the blackfellows rang out in that portion of Macquarie-street where night is now made hideous by the yells and howls of their less civilized successors, Jubilee rejoicings were occasionally looked upon as necessary, in order, ay tho painted Parkes of that period would say, ff to place upon record the fervent repression of the loyalty' of the niggers i to their gracious blacking-bottle Sovereign, and if tradition can be relied on, the head men of those dark days hit upon a precisely similar bill of fare vs the mighty magnates 0.? our own en Bighteaed times, viz— they set the surrounding scrub on fire, and gorged the people to the ears ?with pickled ''possums and fried ' goha-naas.' And yet we prate about our refinement, our ffculchaw,' and the advanced god-like ideas ?with which our throbbing bosoms swell ! Faugh ?? Why, old Thannyanab wo/ugh, who was Sing Bungaree's Premier in. the year 2, vro-3 a smarter Hian that our Parkes after all. Apropos to buns, it is a particularly painful 1 ', thought for us all uo think that some of the greatest men this 'world has ever raised are now remembered, not on account of any o£ their inspired thoughta, glowing words, or mighty deeds3 'but simply by reason of their connection ?with, some trivial circumstance, or paltry common place sort of article. For example. Whenever I hear the name of Socrates pronounced my first thoughts are not of any deep philosophi . cal utterance he made, but of the anecdote which tells how Mrs. S., finding her old man had spent his morning ponder ing over the inscrutable problem of the Which ness of the What instead of splitting the wood to boil the kettle, threw a bucket of water over Ms old bald head, and was then sent into kicking fits by the cool collected way in which he mopped ' down his poll with the tail of his coat, and quietly observed, ' After thunder comes the shower.' Coming later down we find that the mighty Wel lington's memory is kept alive principally l:y a patent sort of knife-polish, and the useful winter boots which bear his name. General Blucher's 1 ' - fame| chiefly rests on boots also, while Lord Brougham's name would be barely remembered now, but for the cab which was called after him. Gladstone's repupation as a statesman is almost wiped out by his reputed skill as a wood-chopper. Looking nearer home, we see that the all-potent Parkes will be associated with the giddy Kiama -. ? Ghost, Minister Inglis with tiger tails, Foster, ?with a water-jug, Pastor Allen with his faithful gingham, and now the irrepressible John Davies .has bobbed serenely up once more, and bids fair to be handed down to posterity as the only genius of this century who thoroughly underftood the real nature of the bloated bun, and who could turn that stomach- wrecking delicacy to any sort of pro fit. By order of Lord Carrington, John has just been appointed B.M.G., or Bun-Master-General to the Jubilee Jollification Committee, and he is now ?employing his gigantic intellect in solving the all- important problem of how many buns the *? interior of the average boy can hold without ?bringing on a fatal attack of the colly wobbly osis. This is not the first time John has got his name mp for his skill in engineering a bun shivoo, and 1 have little doubt but that he will succeed in (making the present occasion a source of pleasure and profit for our hungry waifs, even if he doesn't share in the good things himself. This is a sub ject too dainty and aerial for the heavy feet of Prose to carry ; therefore, let us float on Poetry's gossamer wings, and sing our own little ode to the Jubilee Bun and John : The Jubilee bun is now passing around, JKelting with sweetness rare, And the mouth of each youngster waters the while John Davies whacka his share. ' But the doctor smileth a wan, sad smile, And heaveth a crocodile moan, And the marble man goeth into his yard ? . ?'?-.? And polisheth up a stone. Then Ninian Melville mournfully aslcs : ' What will his measure be ?' And the papers record the fact t ' This boy Died from bun Ju-bi-lee.' 'God save the Queen— and John Davies. 'Wednesday night's meeting in the Exhibition ^arn was a glorious triumph for something, but what that something was I can't remember just at present. It would appear, however, that arch muddler Parkes was not satisfied with filling our cup of humiliation up to the brim, but he must needs make its bitter contents slop over and flood the saucer as well. So thoroughly certain were the Premier and brother bunglers of the success of their proposed roll-up that they felt compelled to fill the building with military, volunteer, and special police forces ; to back these up with the hardest-headed University students, and the v ' most club-toed footballers that could be found ; and then, to complete our degradation, a Minister of the Crown disgraced his high office by employ ing the time for which he is paid to attend to the business of the State in rounding up the dumb driven cattle who compose the Orange lodges, and all for what ? Simply to coerce the people into an expression of loyalty to the Queen I Even this was not all, however. There was yet a deeper Avernus for our pseudo-loyalist leaders to descend to. Even after all their warlike preparations were 1 made they did not feel secure, and so, at the last moment, they sneaked round and took shelter be hind the skirts of Lady Carrington, by persuadiing her to box her truly laudable movement with their 1 own idiotic scheme. To a certain extent this cute but cowardly trick succeeded. So long as Lady Carrington remained on the platform good order prevailed, and a few loyalist speeches were made ; ; but the moment the viceregal party left, the meeting was practically squelched j the valiant Boyne-water bandits turned pea-green with fear, ' the students went under at the first rush, and the only thing recorded of the footballers was Mr. Dibbs's statement that one of the team, being mistaken for a disloyal subject, was treated to a -f touch dowiV and then kicked so brutally by a loyal pQliQpjra^n th&tj; Jie fed to 'bo carted oS to the hospital, where he was found to be very seriously injured. Free fights became general then, and the l'est of this loyal demonstration was simply chaos in its mildest state. As a raark of the respect and esteem in which Lady Carrington is held the meeting is a triumphant success. As a proof of our loyalty or disloyalty to England's throne and Queen it was — what all things which its hypocritical originators touch must ever be — a most egregious and humiliating failure. If it is really desirable that our loyalty be thoroughly tested, let the Premier call for a plebiscite, and then the ballot bos will prove the exact value of our loyalty. Alas, poor Queen ! As the man says in the play, 'The villain still pursued her,' and no thing would ease Sir Henry's patriotic soul but he must needs bring a bogus loyalty motion before the House, and insult lion, members by asking them to assert by their votes what they had al ready sworn to when they took their oaths at the opening or' the Session. Of course the most intelli gent portion of the Assembly veiy properly re sented this gross piece of presumption at once, and the result of tho outrageous folly was that ten hon. members actually went back on their oaths by voting against the Premier's stupid pro posal, and Mr. See having declared he was an Englishman, and a Protestant observed, ' I know that among some classes a feeling has become prevalent that tho timo has arrived when the colony ought to sever its connection with England.' And several hon. gentlemen looked as if it would have required very little to cause them to rise up and flatly declare they belonged to the cutthe painter band alluded to. One of the most remarkable features of this debate lay in the fact that Mr. M'Elhone dropped into history, and proved that he had a first-rate grip of the subject also. Catching on to Mr. Kedfern Stephen, the Upper Hunter hero asked if that hon. satrap oi' King Billy's had forgotten that the Orange party, who were so loud-mouthed in their protestations of loyalty now, were the first to conspire to dethrone her Majesty ? Mr. Stephen : I know nothing of the sort. It is false ! Mr. M'Elhone : History proves it. Mr. O'Sullivan: They wanted the Duke of Cumberland ! Mr. M'Elhone : They cared not who it might be so long as they got one of their yellow-bellied mob on the throne; — some one who would give effect to their extreme views.' When John gets fairly turned loose he's a regular prong-horned bull from the back blocks, and it's deuced dirty work cleaning up after him ; and the Orange section of the Assembly seemed to be fully aware o£ this fact, for none of them dared to lock horns with him and fight, even though he asked, ' What does this loyalty of the Orange men mean ? And then he answered his prize conundrum himself by continuing — ' It means plundering the public, filling all the public offices, from the highest to the lowest — even in the railway service — with Orangemen. Their loyalty is to get as much public plunder as they can.' That was pretty sultry, but John further re marked that the 'the Premier's loyalty motion was like his whole political and private life — a vast sham,' and then the chief gagger of the Calico Jimmy crowd, Mr. M'M'illan, brought out his cowardly weapon and by moving that the ques tion ' be now put' cut short one of the most scath ing speeches the Upper Hunter champion ever started to fire off. Of course Sir cEnry had a smack at history too, but the only effect this portion of his speech had on hon. members was to drive some of them to the refreshment-room,'tand the rest to sleep. Amongst the rest of his drivel he remarked that ' Queen Victoria's reign has been distinguished by the spread of science, the cultivation of art, and ac quisitions of literary glory.' This was a sad slip to make, indeed, and the Premier should have been warned by the words of wisdom which fell from Brother Abigail's lips a few moments before when he observed that ' there was an old saying that fools and children formed opinions on half knowledge of a case.' It wns rather egotis tical on the part of Frawncis to place the fools first, but let that pass. Sir 'Enry seems to have had but half knowlege of the matter on which he spoke, or he would have told us how much her Majesty has ever done for either science, art, or literature. No disloyal Freethinker could have hurled a more damaging statement at our Sovereign Lady's head. True she has written a book, which is certainly unique in its style of grammatical construction, and I believe she used to sing a little before tunes came into fashion, but here her claims to recognition as an artist, &c;, come to a most abrupt end. And as Sir 'Enry took tho trouble to rake up his tory he might have gone a trifle farther, and contrasted all that the English Court has done for science, art, and literature, with what was done by the poor pagan monarchs of the heathen ages. He might have told us, for example, that at the Court of Ptolemy Lagus, in Alexandria, over 2000 years ago, part of the King's palace was appropriated, not to petty princes and useless, titled lacqueys, but to men of learning, who were provided for in every way by special grants from the. royal coffers. The vast libraries, co&teiuing; 700,000 volumes, were close at hand. There was a botanical garden for the phy tologists, a menagerie for the zoologists, and a dissecting-room for anatomists. Astronomers were furnished with armillary spheres, astrolabes, mural quadrants, and every other sort of instrument that could be bought for love or money ; and if the possessor of any scientific weapon refused to part with it on these terms his head was stuck on a pole and ' proccsshed' round the town by way of teaching others that the King did not love an uncheerful donor. At this court poets, grammarians, his torians, astronomers, mathematicians, physicians, chemists, theologians, magicians, and divers others Jived in sumptuous apartments, and dined at one table, their sovereign ruler frequently gracing the board with his presence ; and some idea of how tho fine arts were encoviraged there can be foiined from the fact that at one time there were no Ies3 than 14,000 savants gathered together in that city. I was there myself and counted them by rapping every savant on the head with a stick, and keeping tally. (N.B. Persons who doubt this latter statement must remember that it is used in a Parliamentary sense, &nd; is quite as reliable as some of Premier Parkes's official ut terances.) Now, this Ptolemy Lagus was a poor benighted heathen, and if he didn't actually eat men raff it was probably because the retail butchers and poulterers were not so high-minded in their prices then as they are with us at present. The Ptolemies were not alone in thisjoiatter, how ever, for it was the custom of most monarchs in those dark days to treat a man of genius as if he were a demi-god, and no true poet was ever re quired then to call down fire from heaven to enable him to boil a pot of ' spuds ' and keep himself from starving. In those days Bill Beach, and Tom Malone, and Larry Foley, and hurler Garvey, and all other champion athletes would have been duly honoured too, but not to the ex clusion of the masters of the higher arts, and now, friend 'Enry, I would like to hear what your much beslavered English] Court can bring out to play against that lot. True it is that Tennyson gets 30s a week and a cask of ' tangle foot' at Christmas, or something of the kind, but he has to earn it, willhe, nillhe, and sing to order, no matter how harshly his poor, worn-out old voice may crack, or how xmcongenial and even sickening the theme selected may be. Stand down, Sir 'Enry, and before you bespatter any one with fulsome praise again remember Dick Steele's words : ' Whenever you commend add your reasons for so doing. It is this which dis tinguishes the approbation of a man of sense from the flattery of sycophants and the admiration of fools.' Whenever will men — especially those whom we honour by the title of statesmen — wake up to the fact that reason never shows to more advantage than when it objects to reasoning on things which are far above all earthly reason. Here is our bleeding country with three million pounds on the wrong side of the ledger, and all our legisla tive patriots could find te do tho other night was to get up a senseless wrangle as to whether or not ' the whale swallowed Jonah !' If a whale had appeared just then and swallowed half the House it would have deserved a place for ever in the Australian coat of arms. The majority of the super-intelligent hon. members of course smiled at the very idea of anyone believing such a tale, and yet they would actually believe a promise made by Parses. How many of these sniarties would believe, i£ the microscope could not prove the truth fov them, that, by drinking a inch of water, they, themselves, could swallow 100,000,000 of living', active and organized beings ? Which of them would believe, but for microscopic proof, that the common hone on which he sharpens his razor is made up of myraids of animalcules, so small that ten millions of millons oC them would be required to fill the space of one cubic inch ? And yet, what is there so particularly marvellous about Jonah's episode when j)laced by the side of these, and other scientific truths ? Jeremiah was right : ' By reason of their great wisdom all men have become fools.' Touching the f'reethought trouble which gave rise to the Jonah debate it is really [not worthy of mention. The disciples of Tom Payne have no actual influence here, and never will. If they had, Sir 'Enry would treat them with far move courtesy, for he would think, within himself, that a time might come when it would suit his book to pose as Bradlaugh No. 2. Beauuiarchais, in his Figaro, truly says :— ' By rising against cer tain things of little importance, as if they were dangerous, a value is given them which they themselves have not, and fools or ill-natured people are inspired with a fear or suspicion of danger which has no reality whatever.' Listen to this anecdote. A mild old Catholic clergyman once entered a. certain restaurant, and seating himself at a table opposite a') ferocious-looking party, who was glaring defiantly round, and eat ing peas with a knife, meekly observed : ' I hope I am not intruding.' ' Not at all,' thundered the other, ' but I don't think you'll sit there long when I tell you who I am. Now don't faint too soon— I'm the editor of the 'Freethinkers' Flag and the Socialists Simoom/ ' ' Oh, that's of no consequence, sir,' replied the clergyman gently j 'I'm used to such society. I've been a gaol ehaj) lain for over 'twenty - yetir's' ' ' ?'.? . 