IWovdtot. DAYS OF CRIME ' AND YEARS OF SUFFERING As AUTOJUOCUtAVHY. * -? * .[Reprinted from ''Tho Australasian' of 1867 by Special Permission.) ? ? ' CHAPTER X. § !'. imT.11 IS HIT AS1) HB 1IITOS AGAIN. & n 'arriving at Muidstono I wont to tho i iway Inn, mul remained thcro till tho $3 morning. Not liking tho hoiieo «5 -li, I removed in tlio courso of tho clay J ? liu Royal Hotel. As I .ilwnya give tho !» i'lil ;i full account of my proceedings m hen L am ' iluin;} others, it is only fair (lit ml 1 should bo, equally communioativo Mru I »ct (him myself. I ailbcted jliards, and fancied 1 could play woll. ?bi- vo was n billiard-room in tho hotel, ?!il to it I went on tho ovoning aftor my val there. There was present, a. :er stylish-looking person, who intro m.-ed himself to mo in tho course of tlio ???'''lit. Mo told mo ho was an oflioor in tho ? 'ill Artilloy, and had recently invoutcd ::o wondiM-f ul rocket, whicli ho gave a :-y hard namo to which J forgot. Ho vited mo to play qiith him. 1 did so, .ml won £5 from him that night, promis ing to meet him thero tho next ovoning. !!nt 1 was not to bo dono in that manner. 1 knew it was a common practice among nharpors to allow tho victim to win some thing at first, and as I had somo slight iloa that tho artillery gentleman's Minitiuna of war wore furnished chiefly ?- his wits, I was not going to bo pluckod innocently as lio imagined. I met him next night, but doolined playing, .?!;;ing as a reason that I had been auffor from a nervous attack all day. Tho ? .:er seemed by no means- disappointed, t entered into conversation in tho most ?v/d manner, and finally proposed to I'uduco me to a young lady to whom ho \- paying his addresses. 1 accompained ? in a cab somo two or throo milos.out M:»iilstono, but whero I know not, mid ? lighted at a little cottage, .into tho ???: of which we wero immediately |ili- w-\ by tho servant girl who opened ? '? loor. Nobody was (hero. In a few I 'ltes n young lady, certainly not more I ? seventeen, made hor appearance. I I -introduced in tho npprovod fashion — I' ..-:3 Nolaon, Mr. Hamilton,— Mr. I ...mUoii, Miss Nelson.' ? iiavo novor soon Miss ? Nelson since' I ?veiling, but I rotuin a most lively I '.'lection of her. She was good-looking, I Id sing charmingly, and had tho most I .-dilating mannor imaginable. Wine I ?? introduced, and although I drank 1 ? a couple of glasses, it had such an ? -.I upon mo that I found it im ? jiblo .to keep my oyoa opon. Of tho I ilt ovonts of that night I can. remomber Imt littlo. Tho next morning I awoke with a. most splitting headache, and fo.und Inysolf in my own room in tho Royal ?mnei. i jumpou out ot my beet ana ?iresscd myself, and on oxamining my Hmekots I found thab I had boon robbed of ?til my monoy excopt a solitary £10 noto, which, boing in a separato pocket, had author oacapod notico or boon charitably, oft mo by the thief. All thieves are droad-. ul bad losers. I was no oxcoption to the ulo, and I could havo cried for very voxa ion. I rang tho bell, and asked tho waiter tow 1 canio homo tho previous night. Ho old mo that I was brought to tho1; hotel' ibout ono o'clock that morning j that tho' ;ontloman who came with me in tho cab ?aid 1 had finished two bottles of claret, tnd was sonsoloBsly intoxicated ; that he hid tho gontloman had oarriodmo upstairs, mul that tho gontloman gave him half a sovereign, tolling him to undress mo and get mo into bed. Of courso I saw in a jl moment that it was a regular ' diamond ??«ut-diamond' affair, and as talking would ? not bring my money back, I said nothing Iff my loss. M I havo Roen tho V military officer ' since «Uion. Wo worked together, in (mains in ? tnosiiMo cart somo fow years ago, and I jgoiily recognized liim by his tolling the JlBtory of the 'young swell at Mnidstono ' Mtovtho especial edification of myself and P»''-3lhor cart parties. . « avuig been so completely oleanod out, it bohovdd mo to buoklo to at onco to ro Plonish my empty pockets, and as my 'unds would not .admit of any lohgthy 'Dossing schomos, I wfts compollod to com Wonce immediate operations. That very , 'ay, with ,tho zeal of ancient Strabo, I n-ado mysblf oomplotoly maBtorof thogoo giapliy of tho'placo, and before night I no -mly know how all tho rooms wero aituatod, buthiul madomyaolf pretty woll acquainted vitli tho sort of pooplo by whom thoy wero ^tenanted. I know woll onough that it iB qiutocommon for a woll-dressod thiof to toko apnrtmonts in an hotol and ' barber ' all tho inmates ; in othor words, to got up m tho night, visit all tho rooms, and atoal as much na possiblo. This, ' in technical language, is cnllod 'Dancing a luahing arum. Philosophbra dotino instinct aa knowlodgo prior to oxporionoo,' and as I cortmnly at that timo was wholly without oxpenonoo in such mattora, I must havo booii under tho guidance of tho inatinotivo faoulty. .1 clidn't go to bod that night, but merely lay outside tho bod reading. Tho -ook waa of a, moral and religious oharac tor, but it failod to influonco me with ita argumonta. By ono o'clock tho house was silent, and out I glided, liko a ghost. .. felt a littlo norvous on ontoring tho irat room; but, despite tho modol sys tem, I havo boon remarkablo-for good norvos on many a trying occasion, and on this hrst ossay in tho 'dancing' lino I was soon as cool aa a cucumbor.' ft .. ft.*** wu.uuu uuijw Lolling now x Beiiicueu ho olothoa, made my way to the dressing table, pocketod pursos,' watches, chains, gold pina, and othor articles that would produco ' monoy, and monoy in any way.' _ I_ visited four rooms, and then thought it timo to jjoturn to my own. Tho next bodroom to that in which I slept was un occupied, and with tho pockcthandlcor chiof of a commeroial gentloman whom I had somewhat extonsivoly fleeced, I tied all tho watchos, pursos, oto., togother,. ontered tho empty bedroom, and placed them safely out of Bight on a lodge up tho cliimnoy, keeping out a few sovereigns for my immediate uso. Having dono this in a noat and workmanliko mannor, I ro tired to bed. At eight o'clock I jumpod out of bed, slipped on my trousers, and then rang tho ooll violontly. A waiter very aoon ap poarod. .. ' Toll the landlord I want him ; fetch tho polioo, I havo boon robbed in tho night. Twenty-three pounda and'a pro misaory note for thirteen, my atiida and my pocket- book, all gone. Who could have dono it?rt , . ? ? ????.. Tho waiter didn't let mo go to $10 end of my sontonoo, for ho ran to the landing and oallod out, ' ' Horo'a Nd 7 haa been aorvod the aaino.'. ? .. Up came the landlord. Ho aaid ho waa aorry in tho extreme ; he couldn't con coivo how the thing could hayo been done. Noloaa had over been experienced in hia houao boforo. ' He waa aijrry, very aorry. Tho polico had been B'/nt to invea tigato tho matter, and he hoped they would succeed in . tracing the robber. Four other gentlemen had be'dnTJobbed alao. ? Tho 'inspector .of police came shortly aftorwarda,' and looked into tho rooina, and undor the beds, as if he thought tho thiof might havo takon a fanoy to hayo a nap thero, aakod a variety of quostions, took an invontory of the property loat,and thon wont away shaking hia head and looking remarkably wise. I remained at tho hotel a week, .gratis, for as no funds had arrived for mo I. told tho landlord I should be forced to leavd my bill unsettled. Undor the . cirQuin-' stancoa tho -landlord of courao could not reasonably demur, and at tho week's end I loft. Maidstone, and pvooooded by tho coacli' to Chatham. : ' ? I need scarcely observe that I had during the wook removed tlio 'goods and chattels ' from tho chimnoy lodgo, and convoyed them to Chatham . without any fear of consoquences. Suspicion fell upon tho ' military goiitloman,' for although hot iu tlio house on tho night in question, ho was woll acquainted with the promisea, and his suddpii disappearance was unac countablo, otherwise than ' by connecting him with tho robbory. Thus-was my own safoty soc'urdd, and tat tho aamo timo ' gratified a doublo grudge '— agaiii8t the world and against my particular' antago nist. Tho monoy roault of my night's foray amounted to somo forty odd pbunda — just sufficient to keep mo going whilo I struck out some fresh scheme for victimis ing the world. ;. ':.,,:. ....'?.,?? ; . CHAPTER XL A GLIJirSE OP BKrrEll XIIIKOS. Tho -second night I. was Tat' Chatham I visited the theatre. A 'Miss Loo was to mako hor appoaranoo in the oharaotei^ of Juliot, and a very pretty repreaontativo of tho house of Capulot sho was. I re member well with what onorgy she vin dicated Romeo in the linos — ' — — He was not born to shame: ??-.- Upon his brow shame is ashamed to sit ; For 'tis a throne where honor may be crowned .-.' . : ? '? Solo monarch o£ the universal earth I' , I confess that Iiolt a boyish pasaipn spring up in my bosom for this youiig girl, and I aat up a groat portion of tlio night com posing somo complimentary yoraos to hor. I called tho next day on the manager of tho theatre, and obtained tho addross of tho actross. I forwarded tho rprsos by post, intimating that I was. but a more youth, and should bo glad personally to say to Miss Loo how -greatly I had been charmed by ner acting. . ?_- ? I rocoivod a reply the noxt morning, thanking me for the verses, and contain ing an invitation to terjl for! tho ensuing evening, whiah waat.ft .non-performing night. ^ ?-: : .''??'?'?'.. I purohased tho handsomest copy, ol Shakespeare I could find in tho town, and tho noxt ovoning duly presented mysoli at Miss Leo's residon'co. I was recoivod vory k'iudly by the young lady's mother, who informed mp that her daughter Ellen would riot bo' able' to join us until seven o'clock; having ..been aummonod ?unoxpootodly -by the manager of tho theatre with tho view of permanently engaging hor. The mother was a porfoct gentlewoman ; aho told mo that Miaa Loo had from childhood evin ced a romarkablo onthuaiaam for tho stage, but that it waa with much reluct ance aho horaolf had consented to her daughter's embracing the theatrical pro fossion aa a moans of livolihood. A little after seven Ellon Leo oamo home, and aho cordially thanked me for, the vorsoa, deolaring, howovor, that they wero by far too complimontary. I pre aented her with tho Shakoapeare, and uttered somo nonsenso about recoguizing in hor a genius fit to breatho life into tho beautiful creations of tho poot's mastor mind. An intimacy sprang. up botweon ua— a truo and innocont friendship, which I look back to at this mombnt withinolan oholy pleasure. Kllon'Leo was only an actross at a small provincial thoatro, but she was beautiful, talented, and good. Sho gainodTVpon my heart ovory day, ami I soon hod no socrets that wovo mine '?'-:?'? ?''??.? ? ? \ ' '; '? ' i; '*?'?-. '?'??. , ? .? ' ?' '- alono. _ Sho waa my oonf eaaor, ahe waa my adviaor ; and ahp: : atrovo oarnoatly onough to bo tho good tvngel o£ my life, to savo mo from my own wayward erring Bolf. I used very often to spoak to her about the dangors attending hor own pro fession, and I romombor on ono of theae ocoasiona, sho replied in Ophelia's words — ' I shall the effect oE this good lesson keop, As watchman to my hoart ; but, good to my brothor, Do not, aa sonic ungracious pastoia do, Show mo tlio stoop and thorny vray to heaven, And misa tho path thysolf.' _ Tlie lifo of guilt is, indeed, a dark, sad lifo on which tho aunshino of happiness can scarcely for a momont gleam in its unclouded brightness. Tho haunting memory of crime flings a doep shadow on our p:s'' U when joy would fain surround ub with ita light ; and as flowers of gladness snring up on our way they aro at once blighted by tho curBo of guilt, whioh ia ovor present to tho wicked aa an interdict to happinoss. ' Thus it was with myself. 1 might havo been vory happy in tho society of Ellon Leo and her mother had I been but inno cent. But boiug tho guilty thing I was, J;hero waa alwaya prosont an invisible hand to dash from my lips oaoh cup of blisa boforo I could sip ita promised BwootnoBs. And I am aure — lot me write aa lightly aa I may — thab thus it will over bo. There are phantoms ovor on the path of crimo which Bcave away the realities that oiler happineas to tho hoart I Ye3j in thoso days Ellon Loe would havo mado 1110 happy, if my own aina had not mado mo wretched. Sho gave mo a siater's love, and whou the darkost of all days camo, thon oame Ellon t'o comfort and as sist. My life has been most guilty ; but still I havo sometimes knelt in prayer to God, and thon I have prayed that Ho who loves tho nuro in heart would ever keon Ellon Leo happy and good as when aho first wandered with mo through the Kentish woods near Chatham, listening to my praisoa, and bolioving ino to be aa innocent as herself. I passed at least four months at Chat ham, and as I lived tolerably frugally, and, in Ellon'a aooioty, had no heart for any now wickedness, I committed no froah crimo, but mado tho money I had pro-: cured at Maidstono anawor all my pur poses. During tho period of my intimacy with tho Lees I had told Ellen tho story of my life, requesting her, however, notto divulge anything connected with my hiatory to her mothor. Ellon criod bitterly at tho ?recital of my sufferings and my sins, and implored me to lot tho_past be the .njiat, and -to Goffimoncolife ane5C'I ofton haj* a desire to do this ; but thon that past had a power ovor me for over. Neither re pentance nor amendinont could. give im munity for deeds committed. Howovor, while my money lasted, I did no vio lation to my foolings. I felt how much happier ono could bo following good than purauing evil, and I refrained from obtain-, ing 'money, and monoy in any way.' But when I had only a pound or two loft in my pookot, I waa urged by the devil within mo 'to renew my warfare upon tho world. I bado Ellen and hor mothor good bye, telling them that I 'hoped in a few weeka to have tho pleasure of 'being with thorn again. I did see thom more than onco af forwards ; but the story, as it ad vances, will rolato where I loft Chatham ^vith four pounds only romaining to begin business anew. The particular lino of buainosa I had not determined. I had some of tho trinkota which I had* stolen at tho Maidatorie Hotol by mo still, and these I converted into cash. I went to Herao Bay, and on tho second night of my arrival I ' danced' tho hotol whero I was stopping to tho tune of twenty-five pounds, a small amount, but sufficient to koep mo in cash for tho time being. . It waa while staying at Herno Bay that I mot with an advertisement in the London Times which, had boon inaortcd by my father. It merely Btated that nothing had been heard of mo since I wont to sea, and -that if I was still in England I was to write. or go home immediately, the ad dreaa being given. I wrote a letter to my mothor, 'telling hor I could not'-come home —that I had boon a bad boy, that there was no home for mo in the future ; that I should' liko to havo a letter from her, which ahe could direct to iny own name at tho post office, Homo Bay. My mothor accordingly wrote me a long oloquent letter ; ahe aoemed aa I read tho letter, to be apoaking to mo again as sho uaed _ to spealc to me when I walked by hor sido when I was a child. But it was useless. The old deep earnest eloquonco was thero, butalaa! the heart to which it waa ad dressed was changed for ovor. My mother implored mo to return home ; she_ told me they could aond mo to achool again for a couple of yeara, aa they wero in businoss and doing well ; and ahe folt quito auro, sho aaid, that I could havo dono nothing vory bad, only aomo boyiah wildness whioh my own fcolings exaggerated. In reply to this communication I wrote a moro explicit letter, and sont my mothor some verses. Tho lettor, which was a vory long one, I cannot remember. Tho verses havo clung to my memory, so I give them: — ? ...-?? Mother I darling mother, you are seeking me I know, ??'? ?'- ??'; -?'.?'.; ? And I feel thy love will follow through tho world where'er I go ; r. 'V^?; '- But I cannot come, dear mother ;:'I 'am sadly altered now; -' ' : ?..,-?:.-: The once fair wreath of 'innoconcp ,:that, gar landed my brow --? :'i :\r'it -w ?; Has faded- ne'er to bloom again ; and from tho things.of yore— .-, . V''i — -v Tho fair, the good, the beautiful— I'm severed evermore. : . ? My onward way muBt bo a path of darkness f and of pain, ?'..? -.. ,\ - But I must tread it all alone— I- canuot come again. ? : ~; '.' ... 1 .' Of all tho changes that have come,I know that -this will be, . . ' : Whero all the changes have- been sad) the Boddest change toHheei „ ? I know how. muoh thou'lt weop, mother, for thy dear, boy so lost, ? ? And 'tis tho Borrow thou must feel that inakea ', mo sorrow moat. .. ??;?. ?'..'-. I strove against tUis darker fate, I atriigglod, mothor, long, : . - ?, ' , .- 1 8tarved aud suffered mouths, mother, jero I. was linked to wrong ; .,, ' - - And oven now good angels ?pload,;tO/jvin me -but In valnl ? -^; -^-?&^.: -: Once fallen is for ever' lost— Igannot corao . again. .? ' *' .- : . _ V. ,\ ' : I'm sovored from thoe bymy 8ln,.but .cannot say 'forget,' . -^ ;;,;:;?:? ? Thy lovo Is such a hallowed, thing, I ask it ovon yet; ,?-?. --');M\\}: 'S'vv ' . But lot it bo a memory'V,tbat^iraag08 all fair -V ' ';?'. .- ? '?'.'... - The child that \yltlf uplifted -hands in faith ' knolt by thy^riw^H'^J^K'./ ' 'tJ ?\, :'''&''l'':'*'-'-~' 'i'K'r-' ' ????''?':»'; ?' ' Think of mo, mothor, as I was, wueu j-y lit up my brow ' ;-.- '-t ' And my young heart was:innooqnt, but. not as I am now. ?-;? ' ''?? ' Pray for me. ThiB X know thou'lt do ; but sook mo not, 'tis vain I ' - I'd throw a ahauow on tby homo— I cannot oomo again. Thoy say that in the desert drear some green ness may bo found, Somo oasis in contrast strango to all the wasto around, And ovon thus, within my heart, guiltdark ened though It bo, Thero is a love all beautiful, that lives and clings to theo. 'I'm .woeping vory bitterly, I cannot help these tears, Thoy are tho tribute memory pays to joya of fleeted years. Good-bye I God bless theo, mother dear I I sorrow for thy pain. Oh I If I wore but innocent, I'd gladly como again, I distinctly stated in tho lotter that it would bo utterly useless again writing to mo a9 I waa on tho evo of setting out for a distant part of tho country. This was quito true, for tho next morning I loft Homo Bay, and wont again to Maidstone. I wont with a sad hoart, thinking of all' tho griof my mothor would an ffbrbn. my account. She had been auch a good mother to mo ; and I aoomed to see hor looking down upon mo with hor full lustroua oyos, and fondly kissing mo and pointing to all tho beauti ful things bo largoly scattorod by the hand of God through all tho universe— just as aho uaed to do in tho oldon days when I waa hor darling boy, in whoso futuro all hor hopes and dreams woro' controd. And what a futuro that has beon I Bettor, mother, to havo Been mo laid whon I was innocont in somo quiot churchyard, where 'in aumnior ovonings you could havo visitod tho littlo grave that hok^my body with full assurance that my spirit had winged ita flight to, Heaven I ? What sorrow,' wrotohodnoss, and sutler ing have fallen to my lot my own heart knowB only. My outward miaory has beon groat ; but thcro has sometimes been an inward torturo still moro dreadful to on dure. Thou art ia Hoavon. my mother ! and by tho incroasod light of thy angol knowledge thou cun'st road this heart c-f mino aa mortala road it not. Thou wilt know then, that I havo struggled against the evil prompting of my nature ; that I havo sorrowed much for tho grief that I have occasioned theo ; that at this mo mont the good voico is pleading within me and the good angel sita watching near my heart. Mother | if spirits above can strengthen the struggling spirits on oarth, strengthen thou mo, so that tho voice speak not in vain, and tho vigil ofN the angel bo not lost. But alaa! what- hopo of being good 'havu '11HL*Ai-Wkely that yearaand years', ago, in, that journey tj'--2&Mstone;, I felt a transient repoutarico, a inbnVaT.^y yearning for the good ; that I wept, that J prayed ; and that soon aftorwards I re signed myaolf to wickedness, and was, without compunction, Booking ' .money,, and monoy in any way.' Alaa for tho in consistency of human nature ! alas for the wretched woakne33 ot goqd^inton tions! ala3 forthe wortliloaanoaa of holy desiros disassociated from, the persistent onorgy whioh over '-labours for their fruition. ''. ' :^'; ,: ?-?-.-'. '.'? (2V hi) 'oontlMieil.') 