CHA1TER L " 'Its true, 'tis pity, and pity *iis 'tis tme." This Btory opens in the early part of the 9th century. To be more exact, the year was i486, and good Queen Anne was then on the throne, perfecting her system of architecture, which has since been BO popular in England. The year 1486 was memorable in history from the trouble there was about the discovery of America. It was well known that in s ; x more years America was to be discovered, aim there was a scent controversy over the event. The landed interests were dead against the discovery, because it would throw so znui-h land into the market. The Government of that day were against it because of die dynamiters it would let loose in this country. The Parnellites were in favour of it because of the contributions. The Socialists were wildly in favour of it, and threatened to get up an opposition circus to the Lord Mayor's show if America was not discovered. Stndente of history will remember (BeePrescott's "Ferdinand and Isabella") that at this critical juncture Lord Randolph Churchill brought in a bill, which passed by a large ma j ority, prohibiting the discovery of America, when the text of this bill was cabled to the United States it caused great irritation there, and on this side it simply set Spain wild. Spain had taken the contract for the discovery, and Columbus, to whom the contract was sub-let, had taken an assisted emigrant's ticket to America, and they would not refund him a penny of the £310s he had paid (see Macaulay page 375, to be had atall the libraries). Spain at once launched the Spanish Armada Go. (Ld.j, and proceeded to cut freight rates on all comi " thus threatening ruin to British shipping. In these troublous times our story opens. CHAPTERS II. AND HI. "Three young Lochinvara came ont of the West." —[Scqtt. In the afternoon of 1846, three young Americans landed at Southampton. They came over in one of the fine steamers of the North German Lloyd Company, as die Spanish Armada was playing "hob'* with the British lines. The Armada had just sunk the Arragon, a boat that-never lost a life, but which, lost quite an amount of luggage. So the young men came over on the Saale,* and enjoyed the sail very much. They went directly to Hammersmith, which at that time was, if not the largest city inFnglsnd, at least next to the largest, and was connected with it by the Underground Bailway, which gave fine service—forty shillings fine for almost anything apassengermightdo. UemainB of the -underground are still found in London by those digging cellars and wells. Imaginative people have daimed that Btrange subterranean rumblings may yet be heard, and that smoke may be seen ascending in public parks and thoroughfares. There jirejiiso rumours that the ghosts of former directors are kept peering through the closed gates, guarded by fiendish ticket punchers, and these wretched ghosts tu» condemned to hear cries of " Sight be'ind I" and " Bight foried!" and to see trains eternally departing filled with ghosts of other directors, all standing up. Bat be that as it may, the three Americans took furnished lodings, at 30s. a week, attendance included, at 444, Blankerton road, Hammersmith, W. I betray no confidence in Btating that the names of the three were John Smith, Wm. Brown and ThoirasJones, well known names in America, and' that they came to England to foiward by all legitimate and constitutional means the .discovery of their native land in thefar West. - CHAPTEBSIVv TO XVIL "The ghosts walk."—[DiokenB.] [Son.—The numbering of the chapters may seem a litUe erratic, but I beg to state that I contracted to wxite a story of fifty chapters, and X always am as good as my word—some* times better. I may add that this Btoiy -wiH be j>ubli£hed in book form (a-vnlsV "" extremely reasonable rate <rf 8la, Sdr who ]iav8 not the Sis. may get it ~ of the beginning oft did a veiy injudicious Alison's "History of chapters xviL and xxi.) Sho _ ^ In London papers at the iate of ^twenly words for sixpenca/asking for B writerwhoconld £-et up better sea stories thanClark Bnssell, and also a novelist who could double discount William Black in descriptions of yatching voyages, references to be exchanged in both instances. This lashed intofnry. Uie,*ituation-wa8 farther salt aginst ; lbs Slue Ster recovery, of .steerage fare, to - America <£S I06-), and threatening to write to IWh^ which brought on a counter him for intimidation. > the ataa* It fant my fm lUr own *«ant* W (Gibbon's "Bfee of the Umpire," page 79.) A in Lm Eepanolia Ghronileque claimed that Ct-rvantis wrote " Finafoce,' so the Governmexft saw that 8pain would stick at nothing to gain the supremacy of the boas. To edd to the tension, W. S. Gilbert jumped alt theAmerican publishers and called them pirates Then De Lesseps planted one foot on each bank of the Bnez Canal, and with a pair of duelling pistols swore he would sink the first-British ironclad that attempted to enter the ditch. It will be remembered that the entire British fleet confronted De Leseepe, but the sight of thoee duelling pistols so paralysed Sir Garnet Seymour that he was afraid to bombard De Leeseps, 1 and in that moment of hesitation • Britain's opportunity was lost, and the brave ditcher took a Saturday to Monday ticket to Paris. I hope I shall be excused for giving so much historical information in a novel—information which ejery school-boy is supposed to know ; but I have seen a good deal of the school-boy, and I may safely eay that he don't know nearly so much as Macaulay thought he did. Intimeslike these my three Americans t-hould have kept very quiet; but if they had done so this pathetic story would not have been written. "I heard to-day," said Smith to Brown and Jones, "that there is a haunted house in Hammersmith. Supposing we spend a night there." " Christmas Eve," suggested Brown. " Just the time of all others," cried Jones. In this light-hearted way the ill-fated expedition was resolved on. "When do the ghosts walk?" asked Brown. " Every night except Saturdays They take a half- holiday on Saturdays," answered Smith. CHAPTERS XVII. TO XXL " Qnod a rat Demonstrandum."—[Euclid. "AEat! Dead if hedonUduckit"—[Hamlit. The Haunted House stood back from the street, as it has always been the habit of haunted houses to do. A brick wall ran along the front, and on it appeared the legend, "These desirable premises to let, or will be disposed of on building leases." There was a little neglected porter's lodge by the gate, and the gate itself was chained by a rusty chain, from which huog a heavy, dejected padlock. Looking through the worn bars of the gate, a person could see a garden allowed to run wild; many big trees kept the ground damp and shaded. The walks were covered with weeds. Through; the trees you could partly see the house, a three-story brick structure, Jones and Brown went alone. Smith bad been taken suddenly ill. The two got over the back wall, and Brown opened a window with a James. He said he wasn't familiar enough with burglars' tools to call it a Jimmy. The reason of Smith's alleged illness - was the following note which he sent to the police headquarters: " I have reason to knowthat two accomplished American burglars will enter the empty honse, 3364 King's road, ffpninmr«ni)fli i aVfflt midnight. Christmas eve, for the purpose of steading the lead pipe." Jones and Brown, suspecting no evil, started a cheerful fire with coals left by the lateBt ghost-scared tenant, and prepared for a night of it. . Jones was decidedly nervous. Just as the last tones of the midnight bell struck, a fearful scurrying was heard on the stairway. " Good gracious, Willi" cried Jones, " I'm afraid that's a ghost." " Well, isn't that what yon came for ? " said Brown unfeelingly, taking up the candie. He pasoed into the hall, leaving Jones pale as ashes by the fire. On his return, Jones gasped— "Were they ghosts?" ' " Bats!" exclaimed Jtrown, contemptuously. Which it were. . CHAPTER arrrr. " Black spirits and white,*'—[Macbeth. Brown drew the table closer to the fire, while his relieved friend sank down in the chair. , Brown took from his pocket a black bottle, and, pouring out a couple of stiff glasses, said: " Help yptu self, Tom." " That gives onesome courage," eaid Jones, after a sip. "Still, I'm glad yon saw no ghosts." r "Who saw ghosts?" "You-said you didn't.'? . " I said nothing of the kind. - There are ghosts in this room." " GrealrC»sar, where F " cried Jones, jumpingup. ' There," answered Brown, pointing at the glasses; "Bpirits!" ' Oh, thafs a chestnut. It's an old and mouldy chestnut^ at that. I wish you wouldn't rattle a person in that way." CHAPTERS XXtU. to SJLVU. "When eke ara> of ye Honks related an Ancient f * Tales. Things went untiHo'elock, whenou _ three distinct tapB at the window Tom Jones startodipM — 8 ' and looked eathlesdyfct "Thsi*8 lriglit7 > eaid Hie latter, encouragingly; " ifs your turn now. Go and see what it is." ; ^ - I daren't, Tom, I daren't. Tougo thTjTtime, that's* good fellow." W ' Thrice B^ri^sme^e fcolsrairtaps.^ " Come in!" ahmited Brown. 4 "Don'AjofcB; fof my aake^don't j<^e ^atimeiacethis,"cried Jrfttes. : Brown went to the window, and, throwing opm the tdind^ ^peoied out into the dsiknasB, The wind had and the ioaiieh of a large tree Etrack against the ^ane. Wht&bfcWm;? Itecn'tbeaxry- Don r t whimpered < "Chestnut!" BniBi CHAPTER8 XXVUL TO XXXV. " And Umiksst then tmsoatited to go f No, by Hgnmrtftwnith Sroadwar, So 2" —[Msrmion. It was 2 o'clock in the morning, and Jones' fears had succumbtd to drowsi- He had vainly urged Brown to leave, which Brown wouldn't do; and he was afraid to leave alone. Suddenly fiotH were startled by a heavy tramping on the stairs. Here they are, sure, this time," Baid Brown, encouragingly, while Jones gasped for breath. As he spoke the door flew open and scventoeu policemtn marched into the room in angle file, keeping step like soldiei B. They suddenly haLed, faced around, turned their heads quickly to the rights then to the l&ft;, raised their batons to their helmets, then dropped them simultaneously to their sides. " Beautilully done," cried Brown. " And now, Policemen's Ghoras from the ' Pirates of Penzante,' let me toll you that you have mistaken the place. We have no culd mutton or beer here. Tbis is not the basement. The cook haslett." The captain took a step forward, raised his baton, an action repeated by the sixteen behind bim. Hesaid,"We aro about to take the liberty of " "Ah, iBee," said Brown, "our liberty." '"The same," answered the officer. " And allow me tostate that anything you say will be taken dewn, and used against you at the trial." " We are deeply indebted to you for the warning," replied Brown politely. " May 1 further encroach on your courtesy by inquiring on what charge the arrest is made?" "I am gratified at being able to answer you. The charge against you is burglary, housebreaking, trespassing, non-payment of rent, incendiarism, the theft of coals, marauding, the carrying of concealed weapons——" *'Ah! Then you probably want us to appear before the Cadi of Hammersmith." " We do," shouted the whole seven teen at once with, a suddenness and vehemence that made poor Jones fall off the chair, and almost landed him in tiie smouldering fire. " ThankB, thanks," drawled Brown, " such unanimity of sentiment is at once delightful and commendable. And now, much as I dislike to trespass on the kindness of those with, whom my sti^, I have a favour to aBkf ^ You see, *e am strangers here, and-are unacquainted w ith i he locality of die police station. I fear if left to ourselves we might have a difficulty at this time of the night in finding the place. Would it be asking too much to desire you to accompany us personally to the presence of the Cadi?" " Not at all," answered the officer, bowing, as did the other tixteen. " Oar acquaintance with the Hammersmith kitchens has made us familiar with the Cook's Tourist business, and we will be only too happy to personally conduct you." "Come along, Jones," said Brown, taking him by the arm. - No more Haunted House to-night. Pm afraid we «ill have to give up the ghost." CHAPTERS XXXVI. TO XLIX. -• The engineer hoist with his own petard.' — [Shakspeare. " Ah, theie! Christmas box on you," cried the Cadi, pointing at Brown and Jones as they entered arm in arm. Jones was very limp and dejected, but Brown was ail there, and on deck. "By Jove, it« Christmas morning, isn't it?" said Brown. "Now, that's the disadvantage of staying up all night. It' s next morning before you're through with last night. By the way, do you know that 'Ah, there,' is a popular phrase in America ? " Beally! And where, may I ask, is America ? " " That, your worship," said the clerk, is the country they propose to discover six years hence." " Ah, yes, I remember now. Now, then, what's the charge against these men?" " These are the burglars spoken of in that letter, your Honor,"said the officer. "What letter?" asked Brown. " Show him the document," said the Cadi to the clerk. "Hah," cried~Brown, on seeing the letter. " Wake up, Jones, and look at this. Dost recognize the h&ndwrite;?" "You bet!" answered Jones, sleepily "it's Smith's." " Of course it is," cried the indignant Brown. 1 see it all now. Hisghoste and his sickness! See here, your Honor we are but tools in the hands of a design ing man. I could a tale unfold wonld harrow up thy soul, and make each particular hair to stand on end like quills ofthefretful porcupine. YEH!" and with a yell Brown sprang forward, while each policeman fell back in consternation against the wall. " Wake up, Jones, and enjoy your revenge! _ flatter myself I got even with them for scaring yon with &ea;»'We do.'" " Oome, oome, young man," cried the ^psai, recovering his xximpoeure witlwilifficulty. "No {practical ji" here. v ThiB is not the Lune^jlh ci__, neither Hut Detroit feoiice' Oourt; justice is administered here with decorum. If you have anything to eay, say it quietly. No Bbmty Irving Me Lord," said Brown, " at No. 444 Blankerton- road is John Smith. On Ins table will be found « book called The Dynamiter ; ' aeire that book and arratlum.*' -Cr- At the mention of die book all the policemen again fell back in horror. "Smith," continued Brown, "intends to blow up the London Aldermen." " Serve 'em jolly well right," muttered . "Saaica, r ^ii w criea the OadL That is treason. ijQo, and arrest tiiat man, iron bim,~wod )>ring him here.** - ^ oini^wfflJtake Oe staidi out of him," said Brown to Jones. "Xk ought to flatten him oat," nswered Jones, who atonoo vat to eep again. - —[Shake. 