For the Ladies. :.f;\ Our Grandmothers. . In the National Jlcvicw tie Countess of Jersey attempts to answer Mrs. Lynn Linton's argu ment on the results of the " "Woman's Move ment" by pointing out that our grandmothers una great grandmothers wero quite as emanci pated as their descendants, and certainly were not moro " domesticated." Clamsbi'S Diaht. Here, for instanoe, is an examplo from good Queen Anne's reign: "The lovo of pleasure and the vacuouB lives of the ladies of Pope's day are nowhere better satirised than by Addison in . Clarinda's Journal of a "Week.' It is too familiar and too long to oxtraet in its entirety, but Wednesday may servo as .a specimen: From 8 till 10: Drank two dishes of chocolate in bed, and fell asloop after them. From 10 to 11: Eat a slioo of bread and butter, drank a dish of bohoa, and read the Spectator. Prom 11 to 1: At my toilette; tried a now hood. Gave orders for Veny to be combed and washed. Mem.: I look best in blue. From 1 till half an hour after 2: Drovo to tho Change. Cheapened a couple of fans. Till 4: At dinner. Mem.: Mr.; Froth passed by in his new liveries. From 4 to 6: Dressed; paid a visit to old Lady Blithe and her sister, having before heard they wero gone out of town that day. From 6 to 11: At basset. Mem.: Never set again upon the ace of diamonds. Swift's ' Modern Lady,' in 1728, rises, like Belinda in the 'Rape of the Lock,' at noon, spends her day in shopping, her even ing in soandal, and her night, tUl past 4 in tho following morning, losing largo sums at oards." In HORACE Waltole'S TIME. We need but turn to Horaco Walpolc to seo that our ancestresses knew how to amuse them selves a littlo later in the century. What can be moro lively than his supper at Vauxhall ? "He goes to Lady Caroline Petersham's houso, and' finds 'hor and little Ashe, or tho Pollard Ashe, as they call hor; they had just finished their, last layer of red, and looked as handsomo . as orimson could make them.' They pick up eome'other good company in tho Mall; but , thoughi-Lady Caroline runs up to Lord Peter "Bhain with 'a familiar spring,' ho stalks away ' as sulky as a ghost that nobody will speak to first.'. This does not appear to affect tho lady's spirits; they get into their barge, with a boat .of , French horns attending, and little Ashe singing. At Vauihall tho ' veiy foolish Miss . Sparre,' who has never seen a duel, though sho is 15 and anxious for tho fun, .tries': to get Lord March to fight ] one, but he laughs her out of it. ' At last wo 'assembled in our booth, Lady Caroline in tho front; with the vizor of her hat erect, and looking gloriously jolly and handsomo. She , Had fetched my brother Orford from the next .-box, where he was enjoying himself with his petite partie, to help us to minco chickens. Wo ' minced seven chickens into a china dish, which Lady Caroline stewed over a lamp, with threo j pats of butter and a flagon of water, Btirring, and rattling and laughing, and wo every miniite expecting to have tho dish fly about her . ears. She had bought Betty, tho fruit-girl, with hampers of strawberries and cherries from Soger's, and mode her wait upon us, and then made her sup by us at a littlo table. Tho con versation was no less lively than tho whole 'transaction. In short, tho wholo air of our . party, was sufficient, as you will easily imagino, to take up the whole attention of tho garden; so much that, from 11 o'clock till half-an-hour . after 1, w'ehad tho whole concourse round our booth. At last they came into tho little gar den of each booth on tho sides of ours, till : Barry Vane took up a bumper and drank their healths, and was 'proceeding to treat them with still greater freedom. It was 3 o'clock before wo got home.'" : ? ; . "Adtaxced" Womes in 1711. Lady Maty Wortloy Montagu's uncle wrote to tho Spectator: "Whilst they should have ;boen oonsidoring the proper ingredients for 'a sack posset, you should hear a dispute concerning the magnetic virtuo of tho load stone or perhaps tho prossuro of thoatmos '.phere. In a lato fit of tho gout I complained " of tho . pain of that distemper, when my niece Kitty begged leavo to assuro me that, ' 'whatever I might think, several great philoso phers, both ancient and modern, were of opin ion that both pleasure and pain were imaginary distinctions, nnd that there was no such thing as either ill rcruin natura. I havo often heard them affirm that tho fire was not hot; and one day when I, with tho authority of an old fellow, desired ono of them to put my bluo eloke on my kneos, sho answered: 'Sir, I will reach tho oloko; but, tako notico, I do not do it as allowing your description; for it might as well bo callcd yellow as bluo; for colour is nothing but tho various infractions of the rays of the sun.' Miss Molly told mo ono day that to say snow was white was allowing a vulgar error; for as it contains a great quan tity of nitrous particles, it might more reason ably bo siipposw to bo black." PoirricAi. WOMEX. Ladies took to politics long beforo Primroso Lcaguo or women's suffrago days: "Nor wero ' platform womon * unknown to those good old days. Tho Mirror of ovor 100 years ago says: ' In London, to which placo wo aro always to look for tho " Gloss of Fashion," tho ladies, not satisfied with showing their spirit in tho bold look, tho masculine air, and tho manly garb, havo made inroads into a province from which tliey wore formerly considered as absolutely ex cluded, I mean that of pulilio oratory. Half a dozen societies havo startod up this winter, in which femalo speakers oxereise their powers of elocution beforenumcrousniidieiices,andcativass all manner of subjects with the freedom and spirit of tho boldest male orators.' The Duchess of Devonshire and tho Wostminster election havo been often cited; but if, us is gonorally allowed, Miss Fdgeworth gives a fair picture of the manners mill customs of her generation, what shall wo think of tho Indies in < Belinda i" An election tukea pltico; Mrs. Lnttridge posts down to begin her canvass, and awav posts her enemy, Lady Dela cour, to canvass for a cousin of her friend Mrs. Freke. Lady Delacour is ambitious to have it said of her that she / was tho finest figure that ever appeared upon canvass.' On tho day of election nomination) alio and Mrs. Freko make their appearance on tho hustings 1 dressed in splendid party umforuls,' and distribute ribbons and cockades from two enormous panniers. Not to be outdone, Mrs. Luttridgo sends for panniers, twice as big as theirs. Thereupon, Lady Delacour caricatures Mrs. Luttridgo as * tho ass and her panniers.' Sirs. Luttridgo, an excellent shot, wishes herself a man that she might tako proper notice of her opponent* & conduct. Instigated by Mrs. Freko, Lady Delacour sends her a challenge, which is accepted in due form. The ladies and their seconds meet in man's attire; but the principals arc induced to fire into the air, because Mrs' Luttridgo is incapacitated by a whitlow on her forofinger from using her right hand !" 