THE STORYTELLER. PAUL CRANBOURNE'S WEDDING. BY ATHA. CHAPIEU III. To eit by one's " nin fireside," with a fragrant citrar between one's lips, and our slippered feet upon the fender, reading of perils bv Hood and field, is one thing ; to be a partaker in the matter is quite another, and a consummation not to be devoutly wished for. (Jn this Christmas Eve the great chandelier in the barn sends a broad stream of light out at the doorway, and in amonz6t the treeB of the orchard, Iendiug the fruit thereon a ripe, mellow, and golden hue. The revelry has begun. Fair iorms move here and there to the strains of lovely music, with merry voices intermingling. One would imagine the scene to be in a popular theatre in Mel bourne rather than a settler's wedding in the heart of wild Maoriland. " Set to corners, Mr. Temple. _ Dear me, what can you possibly be thinking about; sir?" It was the voice of my fair partner, Lucy Cranbourne, that thus admonished rue as we whirled to and fro in a quadrille. " Miss Cranbourne will pardon my awk wardness. I'm afraid I'm more used to the saddle than the-' Lancers.'" " Fie, sir! No bad puns, it you please. Miss Cranbourne is not so stupid us to mistake inattention for ignorance." " Ignorance ! How i" said I, looking at the arch face, upturned to mine. " You danced this same quadrille with Miss Welford half an hour ago without a single mistake. Now you seem completely at a loss which way to move. Perhaps a partner makes all the differencewith a pout on the rosy lips. " Who is Miss Welford, pray 5" " Oh, you are singularly forgetful, I must say," she added, with ju9t the least tinge of sarcasm in her tone. " Of course you do not remember the name of the lady you took in to dinner, and whom you were BO solicitious about during the meal. Other ladies in your vicinity had. to be contented with small mercies, so far as your gallantry went" " Do you include yourself in the complaint ? Were you one of the neglected ones?" I asked, with a laugh. " Perhaps," she replied, in fa more Bober tone, and with the blood mantling her face. " Certainly I have no cause to cavil at yoar apparent want of civility. I Btand at a dis advantage in this respect, inasmuch as I am under a lasting obligation to you, and you seem determined to give me no opportunity of proving my gratitude/' " If you are really serious in what you say, I pray you have compassion upon a poor fellow with a little modesty," I replied, j " The service rendered you jvas nothing to | speak of Miss Cranbourne. The poorest hind' in the colony would have acted as I did without deeming it a service. Believe me, I esteem your friendship above comparison with any act of mine." " Flattery seems to have gained admission to the camp as well as to the court," she replied with a smile, but I felt the small hand which rested on my arm tremble as she spoke. " You mistake. I am but a plain gentle man at best, plain in manner and in speech. If opportunity offered to-morrow-to-night and who shall say, lady, that danger does not lurk in every buBh and brake in this un happy land ?-I say, I would readily risk my lile on your behalf, and think it an honour so to do." I led her out of the maze of flitting forms to a retired corner of the barn, and raising her hand to my .lips, left her without another word. My" plan of defence had been formed and completed, and every precaution taken to en sure its fulfilment Yet, my task was a very difficult one; not because of the odds against me, bat for another and very important reason. At the time of which I write a strong feeling-which is as strong to-day-pervaded the country in favour of preserving the Maories. The Pakehas might be slaughtered by the rebels ad lib., but any unfortunate officer in command, who might chance to engage the enemy and defeat nim with loss, was cer tain to draw down on his devoted head strong denunciation for what was termed " a wan ton act'of cruel butchery." Although Te Huri's warriors might be six to one against ns, I could have formed an ambush in the scrub and crashed them with Bmall loss to my own men. But 1 knew that the order of the day was-take the Maori prisoner if you can, and we will deal with him as we think fit: but slay him not, at your peril. - Folly conversant with the tactics of the Maories in'pluudering out-of-the-ww farms and stations, where resistance was not ex pected, I had arranged to meet our enemy accordingly. On one point I was firmly de cided, viz., to slay every Maori who came against us, rather than one of those innocent people shoald be injured. I went out into the cool air. and down the slope of the hill towards the creek. . The sentries were on the alert,, and challenged, me ss I approached. The night was ye^y fine and still, and sounds couldbe heard at ja considerable distance. As I stopd talking to the corporal I became cognisant of ft h>w. rumbling noiBe in the distance. Accompanied by Joes Pindar, we crossed the stream, una ascended a high ridge to the lefc Here jre lay down and listened. The sounds became plainer now. Yes, j*e could ,<dtstinjgaish #>e repressed roar of many voipea, faitcrminglM with an occasional cry whipn-pesled abow ?be others, and M&M; a^gawj&d; the DaDbliiig of tongues. We did sot wve jrig; poaching boat wmMj ; Here's the darned niggers at last, quoth Joss in my ear. Huri had kept j I withdrew the scouts silently and returned to the ballroom. I placed half- dozen tuen around the building, 111 charge of the Jia corporal, and again reinforced these volunteers from amongst the dancers. , time had arrived when tlie evil tidincs c not be withheld longer from the aiest* Drawing aside the clergyman, I. brieii) related our position, The llev. lalbot Bi ^ paled at my communication, but qui y recovering, showed himself, equal to e"^Your°pIan is to get the people safe within the house," eaid he. , , "" "Exactly, sir. Make what excuse jou think fit, and go quickly. Mr. Cranbourne and his son will guide you further. Five or six musicians, perched on a sore 01 temporary orchestra, were rasping away during our hurried conversation, while a party were going through a quadrille. 11' up my hand as a Bignal to the band, whoj ceased playing. ... _r ..."" " i The minister took the hint. Mounting chair, he said-" My good friends, I have a very important piece of information to gi e you, ana I earnestly request you to follow me at once into the house to hear it. Cries of "Can't we linish the donee. "What is the matter?" "I'lay up. &c.;, resounded on all sides. , " Dear friends, it is imperative that we so journ to the house without a moments delay !" responded tlie good man, in such a serious tone that instantly a stampede took place to the dwelling indicated. I he nana were descending from their perch to join the rush, but I waved them back, saying, Lome, come, sirs. This is not courteous to us wno have not taken part in the dancing. Give my men a chance to show their agility while tue others are absent. I'll shout a couple 01 champagne for you. What say you? " All right; go ahead,jay hearty.! cried the trombone in a noarse tone, at the same time placing his instrument to his lips and sound ing a preliminary bray. . At a signal, my comrades leaped into the place, with their naked sabres in their bands and their revolvers ready in their belts. "Hollo, I Bay, what game d'ye call that. shouted the leader of the orchestra, with ft is eyes protruding fromtheir sockets in astonish ment. Going to try a novel kind of sword j dance. Come, play up," answered one man, grimly. ,, i " Oh, here's fuu ! What tune would you | like, eh ?" . "The Maories are coming," cried Corporal Pinder, thrusting his gaunt person in at the open doorway on the instant. " Maories 1 Good Lord have ' messy on us!" and the poor musicians precipitated themselves with one accord from their pew. I needed their services, however, for a while longer, and I again interposed. " Back to your places," I commanded, sternly, at the same time interposing the point of my sword towards them. " liy all that's sacred, the lirst who disobeys me shall have a cloven skull for bis pains. Quick! To your places." My men instantly closed the door to pre vent their escape. " Heaven help us ! we are all dead men to a certainty," cried the Trombone, dole fully. " Nonsense," I remonstrated, quietly. " Return to your places, and play us some-1 thing-I care not what-and 1 give you my word no harm shall befall one of you. Up | with you instantly." Somewhat reassured, the terror-stricken orchestra resumed their seats, and began to play. Had the dead Wagner but heard the sounds it would have driven his sheeted ghost from the spot in a fright. The French horn appeared to have taken a sudden lit of colic, while the trombone groaned in sym pathy. The fiddles screeched unmercifully, some octaves higher than the fingering of Paganini in his wildest flights of one stringed harmony ; and the fife, witka turn of lunacy in its quavering, rose hign above the rest in wailing agony. My men, twenty in number, formed up and I began their dance. Glancing from right to left, I noted no mirth on their faces, is tern resolution pervaded the whole. The Maories, creeping silently towards the station, saw the lights, and hearing the sounds of music, voices, and dancing, imagined their prey secure. At a sign under stood between as, my men divided and hid themselves behind the arras of foliage on each side the room, while the members of the band retreated pell-mell into the refreshment room adjoining. Amid the silence which ensued we could hear the voices of our foes close at hand. There was a pause while one mig&t; count twenty. Then the folding-doors were thrown backward with a jerk, and a thick-set savage, tall, and almost nude, bounded into the room. For a moment he stood gazing round the apparently empty barn, with a look that no pen could de scribe. Surprise, rage, hate, seemed in turn to gleam from his bloodshot eyes. The great Te Huri was not to be deceived, however; he had heard the band and the noises. His hated enemies could not have fled in alarm. He would have surely heard. Besides, the dwelling-house was in total darkness. Te Huri, the Maori, was a mighty chief, the terror of the Pakehas. The poor trembling victims were afraid, and had hid themselves behind the foliage. That was it "Waving Ms gleaming tomahawk above his head, his warriors troop into the room five and 8*n deep, their painted faceB glistening grotesquely beneath the light of the chan delier. ? From my hiding-place I try to num ber them, but, getting as far as a hundred, I became confused by their moving to and fro. There are more than a hundred-nearer a hundred and fifty. But I notice with satis faction there are not a dozen rifles among the number. Nevertheless, they are aU armed with spears, meria, tomahawks, and knives. On they come, forming in two deep lines, until the last man has entered, then the doors are closed. Outside, and close to where I am standing watching through the leaves, I hear a low smothered £asp, then a heavy, dull thud as of men in silent but deadly conflict. I know my trusty corporal, JOBS Pindar, has Berved in Mexico, and in many a raid against the subtle Red Indian. He knows how to lie in wait for the Maori Again and again the half-smothered sounds tall upon my Ustening eara. l Yet Te Huri hears them not, Thecpief is busy forming his warriors, who surround the hiding Pakehas. The Matoriea were forming a ring around us. and were somewhat in disorder at one tooint when, seizing that moment, I stepped forth from pehina tbe arras and called upon my men to Charge 1 ' vM® Mk«ether unexpected appearance of K&K;" * 6udden among \--.toerpMselveflupon themawordin " tight and left But Te SBialuiess pi our number. l a tooat determined hand-to. w with {sold stepl. OvermutM10'? nunttpera wq werejt " Ml (fie mi!], whi£ advantage to ub, inasmuch as we had no Hank movement to fear on the part of our assailants. With our backs to the wall we Btood at bay six to one, and in lesB time than it takes to pen these words one-half of my gallant com rades were down, covered with wounds, some dying, some dead-butchered by sheer odds- the remainder still doing battle, with savage, bulldog tenacity. At this critical moment the Yankee coporalund a score men, armed with fireitrms, appeared on the scene, and sent a volley into the Maori horde point blank. The rebels, fancying the place sur rounded with troops, attempted flight through the open doora. In vain the Maori chieftain tried to rally them. With a few ponderous strokes of his men, Te lluri cleared a passage to follow his panic-stricken warriors ; but I threw myself upon him, and wrenched the weapon from his hand. In the mSlce, my sabre had been cleft in twain, and I was, therefore, unarmed, | save for my revolver, which I could not ) reach. My desire was to capture the Maori leader; but in a moment I felt I was no match for him in point of strength, although active and strong, and being a pretty good | wrestler to boot My antagonist lifted, and twisted, and turned me round and round as if I had been no more in his bands than a ! girl. Allowing the savage to tire, I made a sudden effort, and threw him a heavy back fall, but he clung to me, and we rolled to gether out at the open doorway. The Maori, j with glaring eyeballs and a hoarse, exultant laugh, turned me under him in an instant, then, fixing his knees firmly upon my panting j breast, he felt for bis knife. I was utterly I powerless to defend myself from the mur derous weapon. I saw it gleam an instant athwart my eyes-the next it was buried in my side. For a moment I thought my hour bad come-a faintness seized me, the barn and the dark outline of the bills seemed to reel and dnnce before my ^aze. Then there came a sudden Hash of light, a report, and my gigantic assailant rolled from my prostrate body-dead. I was lifted up and borne through the scene of our struggle in a state of semi-conscious ness, I heard the cheers of my comrades, and saw a crowd of Maories huddled together, prisoners, who were being tied with ropes; then darkness and the cool night air for a time, and again the lights, with strange faces peeping at me over the shoulders of those who were carrying me. Oh, the eternal stillness that to me was most terrible in its intensity. Oh, the long sleepless liours of agony, tli&t; seemed wrench ing my poor anatomy asunder. Strange faces bent overmeand spoke words I could not comprehend ; strange thoughts-if thoughts of mine were capable of action-gathered in bodily shape and substance about my bed. The device on the wallpaper assumed, to my distorted vision, the faces of people I bad known when a boy. And the very curtains round my couch stretched into shadows that nodded, grinned, and jabbered at me in fell mockery. Over all this mental and bodily hell, came at length a change to painless ease and bliss by contrast Then a soft tearful voice "Dear mamma, will he live?" 