A WITTY SENTINEL. A. lieutenant recently met with a sad robuff. ;-.,The lieutenant was promenading in full uniform one day, and approached- a sentry who challenged him with '"Halt I who 'comes th'ere? '?'? :· 'The lieutenant, with" contempt in every lineament of..his face, expressed his feel ings with an indigrian,'" Ass ! " . The sentry'sreply, apt and quick came : ::r'-Advance, Ass, and give the counter sign I" Pennsylvania has an editor ninety-one years old. He attributes his long life and excellent health to the fact that he:never expected to please everybody and never tried., In a provinciul theatre, where " Mac beth " was being I layed by a clever actor, who was also a very great favourite with his audience, in the banquet scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Ban quo, " Hence, hence, hence?" when he dropped on his knee, covered his face with his robe and shuddered" convulsively. Just as the applause was over, a youth in the gallery, carried away with the inten sity of tliheacting, cried out, "it's all right now, Smith ; He's gone I " Fogg has said the meanest. thing any man ever was capable of saying. When Mrs. F. loft him, alone in the house the other evening, she remarked, "You won't be lonely, dear ??---" No," he replied, "I shan't miss you at all. .The parrot, you know, is here." " You say that women have no brains," said Mrs. Bagley, severely, "yet you ex peat tme to save enough out of 10 dollars a week to get a' silk dress every. 'three months. 'Doesti't that require brains 7 You' can't -save enoughf from your., cigar bill to buy a necktie." A reporter writing up a woman's -rights noting, says there was "very little bustle" Iring the meeting. This, no doubt, is suc Tiho womuen who participate ill They ctings don't, wear the big kind. fashion,' ~tncourage such frivolities of " "Y es,, .want the ballot, not bustles. 0'v cvenin, ',oniome again next Sun hussted. , hVhut-ut and she ,I ? ytou pain?" h2, darling? H ave manned tý nt. " You did. as she re sure, shi YOu lid please lo"dud, "obut>' "ptoI wpleaseth poinp"t one of to'?e times so." "e ultwards- they scra.. Whatever portios?y. tae Sun day is always the rest i le you take, Sun A Fronoh daumatist ma charadtors in a recent'play aone of his is "]holding up the trowsers'To that he with the brnaco of hope." " despair It is said that the whistling., mani". · ., . ' -. -.' - ai 