Australian Tales Adventures. No. 1 (Concluded.) A RACE FOR LIFE. CHAPTER IV. WHAT SICE NUGENT DIB. By R. P. WMtworth. As I have already said, Dick Nugent was an r.ffioer in the now defusct Cape Mounted Rifles, and that, after the dishandment of that gallant corps, he came out to Australia. So he did. But there remains between Grahams' Town at the Cape, and Australia, a hiatus of two years to be filled up, and this is the very mystery, a mystery about which yon could very rarely get Dick to say anything, for he was'as modest as he was brave, and his gallant deeds, although reaorded in the regimental orders oi the day, were seldom, if ever, allnded to by himself. The fact is that Diok, during the two years referred to, had been in New Zealand, where he had done good service with the troops under the command of the gallant and lamented Von Tempsky. Dick was as dashing a light dragoon as ever wielded a sabre, or wore a forage cap on three hairs, and soon attracted the attention of his brave leader, by whom he was signalled out for any deed requiring special smartness and daring. It was indeed a perilous time. The hill tribes of Maoris, under the astute Tamati unga Mann, and the ferocious Patarika his brother, had descended from the elopes aad fastnesses of Tongariro, Buapehn, and Kahitapanua, and had descended, breathing blood and slaughter on the peaceful settlements of Kakaramea, and the Patea Biver, and had joined the Pariatea natives under "the prophet" Te Whiti in what they looked upon as a holy war against British rule. The Maori is a strange compound of cunning, ferocity, cupidity, and generosity. Faithful as a friend, he is equally treaoherous as an enemy, and in his anger knows neither pity nor remorse. Instigated thereto by the fanatical leaders named, the wild savages of the interior came down in thousands to sweep the detested " Pakehas" from the face of the land, and it was to stay this torrent of human passion, to drive back this avalanohe of cruelty and rapine that Von Tempsky and his gallant band had penetrated so far inland as the Upper Wanganni river, the very thres hold of the Maori territory. They had been tolerably successful in repelling the advanoc of the savages, and had, at all events, contrived to keep the lower settlements free from attack, but, although the danger was in a great measure ignored and pooh- poohed at head quarters by the military authorities at a safe distance in Wellington, still those who know the Maori character best, saw that this was but Mi* smouldering of the fire that should presently burst forth like the sleeping volcano of Tongariro in the distance, and overwhelm the land in ruin and dismay. Von Tempsky's troops were stationed at block honse in a clearing on the edge of a clump of bush, which though tolerably open on its outskirts, grew gradually more dense inland, until at a mile or so from tha camp it waB almost totally impassable. To the North and West of the encampment the country was more open, and was dotted^ with numerous clearings and patches of cultivated land, the homesteads of well to do settlers, who were anxiously waiting the current of events, not knowing one day from another when the terrible Maoris might spread desolation in their midst. Diok Nugent and three others had been for more than ft week detached from the main body on outpest duty, as an advanoe picket or scooting party. They were stationed about four miles from th9 camp and occupied quarters at the farm of one of tne out- settlers. Everything was quiet, and although rumors were rife that the Maoris were rising in this or that direction, nothing definite could be seen or heard of the wily foe. Still there was a portent of trouble in the very air, and the silenoe and stillness was like that before a thunder-storm. The storm was, alas, to oome too soon. One fine morning in February Dick, who was in charge of the picket, divided his men into two parties with the object of paying a visit to two outlook spots whioh commanded a view of the surroanding eountry. There were two not very lofty hills close to the edge of a belt of forest, which stretched away to the lofty ranges to the eastward. It was the custom of the two parties after visiting these outlooks to meet half-way between them, and then to visit a ford in the river a mile or so further on. Diok and his comrade bad visited their station, and perceiving no cause for alarm, had passed along to the meating place to join the other party, But no one appeared. They waited until, becoming alarmed at the unwonted delay, they advanced slowly and oautioasly along the track. It was very strange. The country round was silent as the grave. Not a eight nor a eonnd that could betoken the presence of an enemy, and yet they felt a singular premonition of impending danger and disaster. Had the beginning of the end then arrived? The question was speedily answered, for, nearing the foot ot the hill, Dick, who was in advance,, suddenly dropped on his knees behind a bnsh, signing to his companion to do the same, as he perceived something moving through the bushes ahead. It was as he half thought, a party of Maori warriors, tatooed and painted, stealing on the silent lope which characterises their march. The terrible war dance bad been performed, the war canoe had been launched on lake Rotorura, and they had come forth frem their fastnesses breathing war and thirsting for slaughter, headed by the ferocious and bloodthirsty fanatic Patarika Nga Manu himself, than whom any one more diabolical in aspect or in character, it was impossible to conoeive. Too well they knew what had happened; the demon band, themselves concealed in the bush had seen the poor fellows unconscious of danger on the summit of the hill, and had stolen round and slaughtered them with the murderous meri. Diok and his companion had barely time to sink Out o! sight in the thick fern and undergrowth that skirted the road when they came into full *few. Led by the gigantic Patarika, ajn»y Hercules in size and strength whose p*S& still reeked with the blood of the troopers. they passed stealthily and rapidly rfing the track in the direction of the other hill evidently knowing the habits c'l he scouts, who had in all probability been watched, and intending to murder them likewise' and to make a raid cn the settlers round before the main body of troops should bear of it. The Maoris passed as silently as ghosts, they numbered about fifty, and were all fully armed and equipped with native weapons, and a few having fire arms. No time was to be lest. The Maoris would soon ditcovcr the cseape of their intended viotime, and would either search the bush for them, or what was more likely, Elake straight for the farm, and murder every soul, man, woman, and child, in it. Partly crawling therefore, partly running through the masses of dense undergrowth, the two troopers made a bee line for the house. But ere thay reached it they had half a mile of open country to cross, and before they had left the forest they heard the yell of disappointment from the Maoris at finding their victims gone. Dick well knew that their wonderful instinct for tracking would soon send them in hot pursuit, and he therefore urged his companion forward with all the speed he could. But the young fellow had neither the wind nor endurance Dick had, and scon began to lag behind. In vain Dick spurred him on, for his strength failed him, and at last, just as they reached the opan, and after a last effort, he tripped over & root, fell prone on the earth, and at the same time sprained his ankle. " Pat a bullet through my head, Dick, and leave me," said the poor fellow, in mortal anguish. " Yes, and through my own at the eametime. No Bob, not yet, While there's life there's hope, I'll drop a lew of 'em at any rate, and if they do catch us, I'll save the last twoshotB for you and myself." "Yes Dick, but I can't even walk, and they have guns." " Bah, guns, why they couldn't hit a haystack," and so saying he slung his comrade over his broad shoulders, and set off again at a rapid pace. But he bad barely got halt way over the open flat when the Maoris burst from the covert, with a loud yell of delight at seeing their quarry so near them, while he redoubled his eSorts to reach the house. It was indeed a race for liis, and he was too heavily handicapped to have much chance. Nevertheless he'struggled bravely on, nerved to desperation by the savage yells and taunts behind him. Of the Maoris, one, a famous runner, had for outstripped the other3, and was rapidly gaining on him, intending, when within distance, to hurl his spear at the flying foe. But Dick know better than that. Stopping suddenly short, when his comrade told him the Maori was within revolver range, he turned, took a quick aim at his advancing enemy, fired, and the savage, bounding forward, fell on his face coughing up blood, with a bullet through his chest. But this short pauso had, of course, given the pursuers some advantage, although the one or two who had the lead did not seem at all anxious to keep up that honorable distinction. Yet they did not abate their pace, and rapidly gained on him, &3 with his load his travelling was necessarily slow. Nearer and nearer the enemy, and nearer and nearer the house. Would he reach it. The white faces at the window were those of the settler's wife and daughter, while at the door, and ready to closo it behind the sorely beset man, stood the settler and his son. Would he ever win that friendly door ? A few steps more. He falters, staggers, pulls himself together for a last effort, and fairly falls through the open doorway into the middle of the apartment as a spear quivers in the door. Thank heaven 1 Quick rifles, crack, crack, two streams of fire, two puffs of smoke, and two more of the savages bite the dnst. Aye, yell, and scream, and blaspheme in the language of Mania, oh redoubtable Patarika nga Manu, but keep out of the reach of those venomous looking rifle barrels, or your Rangatiraship is sped. Of the gallant defence of the homestead by that little band until warned by the signal smoke agreed on, the main body of troops came up, and forced the Maoris back into tho bush, who, having been in that part of the country, has not heard, and who gained suoh honour both at head-quarters, and from_ his commander? He having held the ferocious savages at bay, and escaped with his life by something little short of a miracle, was looked upon as a kind of hero, and although he never talked about this feat of his, still his reputation clung to him, and, as a matter of course, made him a favourite with the ladies, even had his natural good humor and gaiety of heart not done so already. CHAPTER V. WHAT CAME OF IT. But there were other symptoms ot love making in our little party, and despite the watchfulness of Miss Forsyth, and although I laid a strict injunction on every one not to stray out of sight of the camping ground, under pain of being lost in that dense bash, still, when the baskets had been opened, and the good things therein discussed, all my care and watchfulness could not prevent the young folks straying off in pairs, professedly in search of ferns, bush flowers, or what not. Indeed, when lulled by the endless murmur of the waterfall, and soothed by the narcotic influences of the post prandial pipe, Mr Forsyth and myself dropped oS into that sweetest of all slumbers, the siesta by the camp fire, our flock wandered away altogether, Dick and Kate, of course, Tom Lippincott and Laura, and even the stately " Duchess," Miss Nugent, had been led away into the trifling pnrsuit of fem gathering in the dense undergrowth by the "newspaper chap." " Cooey " soon brought the stragglers back to camp however, and after a billy of tea, and the remnants of the main feast had been disposed of, we retraced our steps along the blazed track through the obscure forest, hot, foot-sore, weary, dusty, dirty and ragged enough in all conscience, but merry as crickets, and anticipating a refreshing dip in the briny on our arrival " home." Ah me ! twelve months have passed and gone since that pleasant picnic in the grand Otway Eanges, but in twelve mcnths have many changes, beenbronght about, not least of all, I fancy, or perhaps in a great measure by the exertions of my dear old wife, who is a most inveterate match maker. Dick and Kate are married, so are Tom Lippincott and I anrs, the wedding of Jack Thompson and the haughty Ciaia Nugent ia on the tapis, and Pierce Vaneittart called on me no longer since than yesterday, to ask my counsel in a delicate matter, in which a certain Miss Emma Boss, now in Hobartown, but with whom he has been for some time in correspondence, was concerned. Old Forsyth and myself meet occasionally, for he spends more of his time in Victoria than formerly, now his girls are married, and as the new year approaches, Mrs Bourke Collins begins to throw out mysterious hints about the sea-side, and to compare the relative merits aDd expense of Qaeenscliff, Portsea, Lome and other plaoes, all of which I pretend cither not to hear or not to understand, but which I know full well portends a visit to one or other of those places so favourable to her favorite pastime of match, making, 