£100 REWARD : OB, 32;b;:re.gi mental ghost. . By an ex dbrecxtvb Officer. part I. I- was sent' for hurriedly one evening to visit Jtha xeaideaca of Mr. Tauuwm, the bead of ihe'eraiuent banking firm of Taaatoa Bros. -ai.d'JCIliucc., of. Jjomoard-etreet. . T'! oH geutioman was nt altogether un- Tcno -va to me, ane ho had the repuranou ot being ac Clio same time one of the moat upright and jet one of the hardest of men. Ot this I soon had an opportunity ot judg ing.- I was received in a richly furnished but -particularly gloouav"»prsn»ei»t. There did not appear to beacnmiortable corner or chair . "In Vt. Tr.e tall old gentlauian aaked me to be Beared close -co toe large- cable at which he wis. placed, and thou- he passed. a elip; ol lavender Dauer acro-B to ma. - '.What do you call that? he asked.- - c ft appears to- he. a- cheque for one thou- Band pounds signed by W. Spencer Taunton,'. T ru.j:Oi. - " ' . ' It appears to be,' he repeated. .' Then yon de not think it genuine ?' ' I do not, was my answer. ' The eigne- -tute may be all right, but the figures ia the leishand comer and toe body of the docu- ine>ir. seem to have been tampered with.' 'You are right. Do you think the work has been «k ill ally done? 1 co nc:,' 1 replied. It ia the work ot a novice, and therefore there can oe little difficulty in finding , the culprit. The fact is, -my own nephew ia tne -guilty individual, and, air, after what has .passed between us two he can no longer be forgiven. He mu9t be found, laid by the lie— s, and prosecuted. I continued looking at the cheque, and the Idea saddenly dawned upou me tnat tne per petrator of this swindle was capable of doing ranch finer work.- It appeared to me that the alteration was intended to be palpable, and that some kind of mystery must be ncmchejl to the whole affair. c Will you kindly give me particulars?' I tasked. ' My nephew is a ..lieutenant in a cavalry .-regiment do w lying at H . After running »«- .oo&ioaalfi; h6 Sp- ' peaied to me, I paid bis dents and made bim a comfortable allowance. He seems to have Ho -lability of character. A few days 8go be cs.««. m tup an(i confessed that he was again embarrassed. I received him in this room, and' he made a clean breast of his shortcom ings. I gave him a severe lecture, but con- uiuueu uy writing uiui a c.oeque tor a nnuarea pounds as my last unwilling contribution to his extravagance. The unhappy youth has obliterated the word " hundred" by some chemical process and substituted "thousand." By udoiug a cipner to the numerals, the s viiidle he looked upou as being complete. He has cot actually forged my name, but the ct:mq is equally serious ; and much as the transgression and disgrace grieve me, I shall no! swerve from my duty in banding him over -for punishment to the authorities.' ' May 1 ask if the money was paid?' ' Fortunately it was not :The chief officials at the bank knew of my feelings towards my hephew.from his past fast living,, aud it was such ;a'plimb:e alteration that it was detected at'once.' ' AVho presented the cheque?" It war paid iu to the banking acconni of Captain Briscoe, of his own r<viaieuc, and doubtless was handed «v-,- in paymeut of gambling dems t'ne muuey nas not been .:i.iUoi.<o, but tne crime is none the less a crime. My people at the bank sent for the City police, and a private-clothes officer went -down to the quarters of the regiment but the culprit could not he found. I prefer a man of Whom I know something, and so I have sent for you. What do you think of the case?' . ' I cannot say yet. What kind of character does Captain Briscoe sustain ?' Excellent ! Irreproachable 1' returned the old gentleman, with more earnestness than he had hitherto displayed. Promising to do my beat in the peculiar case, I a3ked if M. Taunton had any portrait of his nephew. He rang the ball, and a foot- Tuan entering, be said : ' Go to your mistress and ask her for a por trait of Archi Mr. Carting ton.' A peculiarly faint carte-de vieite was Brought me in a few minuteB, and I was conducted from the room by the solemn ser vant. As I came out into the hall I caught a glimpse of one of the brightest-looking girls I ever saw in my life. She was just dis appearing within the threshold of a brilliantly- lit room opposite, the general aspect of which contrasted pleasantly with that I had just left. Upon reaching the street door, the footman eaid in a low tone : ' My mistress desired me to ask yon to wait a few moments.' -Almost the next instant a refined-looking maid came from the room I bad jnst noticed, and said : Would yon kindly leave yoar private. SduresB ? My mistress earnestly desires to see you on very particular business, and asks if to-nighfc would be convenient for a call." I had noticed that both servants had used the word9 ' my mistress' rather pointedly, and began to snspect that the female part of Mr. Taunton's household had a different kind of interest in the unhappy Mr. Archibald Car- lington to that entertained by that gentleman himself. I gave my card with my private address, savhi-x : ' Business will detain me at home gll this evening;' and as I spoke an unnoticed glance over my shoulder revealed the young lady I bad Been before looking anxiously from the door'of bar room. This wa9 not the simple matter it first appeared to be, I felt certain now. I proceeded home &fc; once and thought out the case before me. It did not take me long, considering the limited information I yet possessed, to come to a conclusion which proved, pretty accurate in the end. I was, however, somewhat anxious for the promised intervie v, and rather disappointed as hout after hour passed, and still no one appeared. About ten o'clock I thought about going our, bntjust then I remembered .hat in all pro bability nine o'clock would pass before dinner would' be over in snch a fashionable establishment as that of Mr. Taunton's. ' At half-paBt ten a cab drove up to the door, and two closely-veiled ladie9 rapidly alighted. They were about to knock, but I had been at the sitting-room window, and opened the door in time to admit them quietly. Asking them to be seated, I waited silently for whatever they proposed submitting to uie« The maid was the first to draw up. her veil, and she proceeded very intelligently to state the case aa I already knew it; but being fully aware of the value of time to the young lady present as well aa to myself, I said : ion will pardon my seeming abruptness, but we may as well understand esch other at- once. I conclude that you consider Mr Archibald Carrington innocent of the crime with which he is charged. If you wish me to be of any service to you — and him — you muBt confide in me completely. At the same time I hope you will understand that I do not -conrt your confidences.' There was a pause, and at last the lady ended it by suddenly raising her veil and die- playing a most beautiful face. Policmen are like othermenr-.aa -far as appreciation of beauty goeB. Miss Taunton was pale from excitement, and' her large dark eyes fairly glowed from the same cause, and from a different but equally unmistakable emotion. ' I will confide in you,' she said, decisively, n a low but wonderfully pleasant voice. ' My cousin ia incapable of committing the crime of which he has been accused.' She then, at considerable length, explained that the accused young officer was of a sunny and genial disposition . - that he had never been brought up to view life in a very serious way; and that if be played deeply and backed bsrses indiscreetly, it was more from thoughtlessness than innate extravagance and viciouaneas that he erred. ' In addition \- to this,' she proceeded, ' be has all along been led to believe that he would be, in a sense, the heir of his uncle, my father.' ' Pardon me,' I interrupted ; I know that Mr. Taunton has n«> sons, but I fail to under stand how Mr. Carrington conld expect to become his nncle'B heir while the latter had a daughter.' She bowed her fine head at this somewhat rude speech ; but it was necessary for the ends I bad in view, and I could not snare her and do my duty. Her fine face was deeply fiMhed when she raised her eyes to mine, and without another word I understood the secret clearly, which I had already balf- divined. ' The fact is,' I continued, 1 there existed, until some of Mr. Carringtou's excesses were discovered a kind of family understanding that he snonld ultimately marry you, Miss Taunton ?' Sue bowed. 1 Now we come near the point which I must have made clear if I am to prove this Young gentleman's innocence — if he is inno cent. Do you know if he has any enemies ?' ' I know of none. His nature is so open and sunny, that he can have formed no semies.' , ' Jnst so. I am pretty well satisfied on tnat pi.mc my-eif, itiui 1 regret that l ain once more compelled to enter upon delicate ground. 1 am sure you cannot feel offended atBimple official inquiries, which remain un known to all- the world but myself. Other gentlemen have doubtless aspired to the honour of an alliance with you. Miss Taun ton ?' i'-.Oh, yeB,' she replied, almost hurriedly; but no one, I feel certain, who conld descend to the terrible crime of endeavouring to ruin a' fellow creature for such a purpose.' ' Ah, Miss Taunton, you cannot know tmmr.n nuthia as Ikr.ow it,! But you'esn avoid the pain of a further pursuance of this suhject if you mention the names ot some of your more favoured suitors.' 'And submit them to the surveillance of the police?: -'Never !' 'As you please! Permit me to remind yea that it is the liberty — perhapB the life — of an innocent man that is at stake. That man is young — your own cousin ; and if -I am not mistaken he has a deeprr claim upon your affeciioDB than mere relationship ; wouid Bhritle him to.' , Misa Taunton hung her head again for a few seconds, and then said, in a low voice : v 1 My father has for some time favoured t.he suit of Captain Briscoe, and he has been much at our house lately.' ; ' Thank you,' I proceeded. ' And now when your father asked for a portrait of Mr. Carrington, you sent me the oldest and leaBt perfect of all you had in your possession; you did not. wish me . to arrest him. Ar. present it appears to be my duty to arreBt him; but we people" recognise a higher duty than arresting merely suspected persons. Our highest and first duty is to clear the innocent and find out the guilty. If I am to be of service to Mr. Carrington I muBt be able to find him. To find him easily I must have a better likeness of him than this and I handed the carte to her. ' I trust in you unreservedly,' she said, as she drew a heavy gold necklet and locket from her neck. Touching a spring in the latter, it opened and displayed the ' counter feit likeness' of one ot the brightest faces I ever saw. The expression was perfectly joyous, frank, and ingenuous. Being a beautiful work of art, I had the exact colour ot the bair and of the eyes. The former was bright golden- yellow; Wlifltr ebo latter were of a Otrabjje light-blue or grey hue that gave a peculiar appearance to the whole man. It seemed, even in the ' portrait," as if those joyous, transparent eyes could be wonderfully weird under a change of mood, and this prepared me in some degree for the remarkable occurrences that followed. Part 11. I was not surprised that Lieutenant Archi bald Carrington did not face bis accusers. The harsh treatment received from his uncle led him to believe, no doubt, that he would find no favour there. It waB, of course, very apparent to me that he was not only very boyish and easy-going in his way of living, but not yet blessed with any great strength of mind.' Before entering the police, I had been in the army.myself, and, as fortune wonld have it, ou more than one occasion my regiment and the regiment to which Mr. Carrington belonged ehared-the same quarters in different garrison towns. " Having been troop-sergeant- major of mv old corps, I had no difficulty in rennwi.i« old ncqnaincahins with tne sergeants' mess ut H . It, is needless to eay that I took no one into my confidence regarding my business or my new calling. I was 'engaged in a warehouse in the City, enjoying a very late holiday '—for October was far advanced. There was only one opinion regarding poor Carrington iu the regiment. He was loved and pitied, but believed guilty— in the sense that be was supposed to have succumbed to a sudden temptation. The younger officers, who_ were his more immediate companions, declined to credit that be ever tampered with the cheque, because he was nothing of a pen man, and had never been kuown to talk of the ingenuity of some people in connection with handwriting. I took up my quarters at the Wellington Inn, which was kept by an old companion in arms ; but a good deal of my time was spent in the biltiardroom of the Bergeanta' mess in the barracks. One night we were visited by a closeness of atmosphere that would not have been out of place in July. In addition to being hot generally, it became sultry to an intolerable degree. At BunBet I finished playing a game with a friend, and he was about to light the gas," when he. was called away. ' The gas will only make the place hotter,' I remarked. 1 Leave it until you return.' ' All right,' he cried, as he hurried out. I sat down on the window seat, and was soon nearly falling asleep. Presently, how ever, I was aroused by voices beneath me, audi soon realised that the speakers had come to that spot because a quiet receBS was created there by the demolition of a temporary shed. i tnink i ve got news ot your governor, the first Bpeaker said. You don't say so !' ' I do. That's the reason I axed you out o' the canteen. Look here. Ill bet you say that's hiB handwriting ;' and the speaker held out a letter to bis companion. ' It is. I'd know it in a thousand. The poor young fellow 1 Where can he he ? You haven't given it to the captain yet ? 1 No ; but I know where Lieutenant Car rington is for all that.' 1 Y»u do ?' 1 1 do. Can't you read the postmark f 1 Ah, of course ! Let's see. It's Kingston.', 1 Kingston's not far from here. I'll bet he's' written to the guv'nor to meet him there.' ' If he has you'll let me know as soon as you can ? If I could only manage I'd try to run over an' see him, for he's been a good master to me. ' The best master in the regiment,' returned Captain Briscoe's man. ' My devil is getting worse an' worse every day.' The speakers now slowly returned to tbA door of the canteen, and I clearly recognized the two men who had been pointed ont to me as the eervants of the suspected Carrington, and the gentleman to whom he had given the 'doctored- cheque.' I resolved to be present at the meeting of the gentlemen, if a meeting was what the letter proposed. Falling that, I should endeavour to .find Mr. Carrington myself in his new retreat. I had just come to this conclusion, when a great volume of fire seemed to burst out of the heart of the mass of leaden clouds hang ing overhead. This was followed by Bach a heavy peal of thunder ob I have seldom heard in England ; and then, aa the raiu came pouring down in torrents, I saw a dark figure steal from the very spot where the military servants had been standing and hurry towards the barrack gates Looking out, I beheld a deserted Bentry-box, behind which a man could easily have concealed him self. . Who could the third person be ? Was the City detective on the same track ? Nothing more likely. He knew nothing of Miss Taunton's belief, etc., and would doubt less arrest the runaway officer on sight. And then I began to aBk myself if that was not my duty also. The more I pondered the less easy I became in my mind. My duty plainly was to arrest the man upon whose track I had been set. I was not supposed to put myself up in the place of the judge who ahould Inevitably try him. It would be for the jury to eay 1 Guilty'- or ' Not guilty,' And yet, after all, I could not get Miss Taunton's face .ont of my mind, nor the pleading tones of her voice out of my ears. A fine officer I was becoming 1 Private policemen are specially warned to he cautions of female influence. Under the influence of theBe considerations i felt inclined to hurry at once to Kingston and arrest the culprit. Then I almost resolved to return to London at once and leave the whole matter in the hands of the City officer. No, I would be ' done by no rival, and so I concluded to follow my original platiB. An hour elapsed before the thunderstorm passed away, and, during the whole of the time, the lightning flashed and the thunder rolled in a manner that was truly appalling. The rain came down incessantly, and at times perpendicular layers or sheets of opaque water came sweeping across the barrack-yard. The wind began to howl in seemiog emula tion of the artillery of the heavens, and alto gether the night was each a stormy one that I felt satisfied no one would endeavour to go to Kingston that night. Next morning the gale was somewhat abated, but the rain still came down with a regularity that rendered epeedy cessation hopeless. The barrack-yard was washed perfectly bare ; tho streets were equally clean, but the sewers and the gutters were flooded, and the river was not only overflowing its banks, but rushing with fearful rapidity sea wards, bearing upon its clay-coloured surface all kiuds of wreckage, from carcases of bullocks down to cats and dogs, and from the framework of humble houses to numberless fragments of all kinds of timber and wicker- work, I spent the most of the morning with the sergeant in charge of the canteen, but nothing of interest to me occurred until noon, when I was thinking of approaching Captain Briscoe's servant in some more direct manner. Jnst the'i he I'-atno m with Mr. Carriugtou e uuu, and eaid : ' Just as I thought J The gov'nor's ordered his dogcart for half-past three. He says he's going if it thunders and lightens aa it did last night.' ' To the same place that we thought about ? ' Yes, the same.' ' ' Are you going with him ? . . ' 1 No ; he always takes his groom for Buch <ii«r.ai'oea ' ' I wish I could change with Bill.' . " No chance. The governor's temp9r ia unbearable. He smash,. his clock this morning because he forgot to wind it up last night.' I .lid not wait for more. My friend the landlord of the Wellington had a nice trap and a' smart cob, so -I went and -arranged to have them out that afternoon. I started .about a quarter-past, three, and wsut leisurely along the road, notwithstand ing the wet. I never travel far without my waterproofs, so I was quite comfortable, when I heard wheels in my rear. I kept jogging on, and presently glanced hehiml, (o find a tall dogcart, drawn by a fine horse, coming speedily along. Behind this high stepper eat a tall, dark gentleman, who held the reins in the moBt approved manner. I was anxious to hear whatever migbtbe aid, and was rather pleased to find that. Captain Briscoe was in the habit of speaking as if he was at the head of his troop in the heat of an engagement. As the dogcart crept steadily along, I heard him say to his groom : ' We will pull up at the Bowling Green Inn. You will leap down and order a glass of brandy and water for me, and when you have brought it, you will stroll into the frrfipn ' As the dogcart passed me at this point the captain panasd. Immediately he drew ahead he resumed : 'You will find an unused skittle alley at the end of the Green. The youngster was to wait for me there, but . circumstances might prevent hi9 coming or staying. Should you find him there, come back at once and let me know I could hear no more, hot I bad heard enough. As I increased my apood. I began to think bow I should get ahead of the captaiu. now. He would never permit anything to pass him on the road which he had once passed, so all I could do was to keep up fair speed and trust once more to what ia com monly called ' the chapter of accidents'— as if anything ever happened that had not a purpose ! I was agreeably surprised at the end of about three miles to find the captain draw up in front of a roadside inn. Since bis horse did not want water, it was evident that the captain himself required brandy. I took advantage of the delay to pass, and, once out of sight, put my cob to hiB best speed, and this I kept up until I reached the Bowling Green Inn, where I decided to etay, and, after very little trouble, I sucoeeded in getting into a fine open space between the fence and the wall of the thatched skittle alley, and immediately beneath an open window, ju. through which F could climb with the greatest ease were it necessary for me to intrude upon the gentlemen. Presently I heard the step of someone 3nur.d upon the wooden skittle alley. It waB no doubt the man whom I was engaged to capture, and yet I could not move until I had heard something of what occurred between him and this peculiarly saturnine captain. This delay caused me one of the greatest surprises of my whole career, and I very much doubt if ever another officer was so tnuch astounded in the same way. A'ter a brief delay a second person was heard. This was the groom. ' Glad to see you well, sir,' said the latter, ' Captaiu Briscoe is outside, and will be here immediately.' ' All right, William,' returned the fugitive, in a voice that seemed as interesting and unusual as his cousins. ' Drink my health, there's a good fellow, and tell Briscoe not to delay.' I heard the man depart, and presently a heavier, more regular tread was heard npon the gravel Then the rickety alley literally creaked under the heavy footsteps. ' Ah, Carrington, how are yon ? drawled the newcomer. ' Can I do anything for you V ' Can yon ask ?' cried the other, iu a broken voice. ' You, and you alone, can clear my name and honour of the foulest, most un natural, and meanest of crimes. Snrely yon can tell where that accursed piece of paper was from the time when I handed it to you on Sunday morning and the hoar you paid it into the bank?' I I scarcely see the object of your inquiry,' said Captain Briscoe. ' The cheque lay in my pocket,book all the time.' 'Impossible!' cried Carrington, almost fiercely. 1 You know the cheque I gave you was Bimply.for one hundred pounds. Some one must have tampered with it, since you are incapable of Buch an act yourBelf.' 1 Pardon me, I cannot see the object of such a Btatement, The cheque you gave me was for one thousand pounds, and by its payment you took up an 10 U of the same amount. Don't you see, if " some one," aB you say, had tampered with the cheque while it was in my possession that I would not be likely to pay in a slip of paper I thought worth only one hundred pounds for ten times the amonu ? ' Richard Brisooe. I was told by a dozen fellows to avoid you as I would avoid the devil. I see it alL I am your dupe — your victim— and too late I know the stake for which you have so boldly, so villainously played. Cowardly scoundrel, hypocrite, forger, and liar, heaven will yet avenge me 1' I was preparing to leap in and prevent a serious encounter, when I was amazed by hearing a strange voice say : ; . 1 No U9e using any violence, young sir. The case is clear enough, and I arrest yon in the. Queen's name.' I hesitated no longer, bnt of course was too late. I found Carrington in custody of Inspector Hamer, of the City, who shouted nnt 1 1 score this time, Lockhart !' The prisoner was deathly pale, and his light- coloured eyes had now the strange, weird ex pression in them I have spoken of before. Still, his face was a much more pleasant one than that of Captain Briscoe, who stood in the small door Bcowling, and grimly triumphant. I thought then, as I think now, that any Btndent of human nature would have judged the captain the guilty party, and the yellow- haired, boyish-looking prisoner as innocent of the crime as a child in arms. I felt very bitter about my defeat, but nevertheless determined toaccompany Hamer and the prisoner to London. When we reached London Bridge the storm had increased in violence again ; the river was flooded, filling the cellars of low-lying houses in South London, and, high water just being past, we conld see that the tide was running out with terrible force. The prisoner was not handcuffed, for he was the gentlest of men. Upon being arrested, he eaid he was glad the suspense was over ; that he was innocent, and that he was sure Heaven would prove it in its own time and way. The moon was shining fitfully through the heavy masses of careering, inky clouds when the cab reached London Bridge. Hamer would persist in my accompanying him to the police station to share in the responsibility of the arreBt, and after a little consideration I thought it would be wisest for me to do so. He was just telling me how he came to know of the meeting place at the Bowling Green Inn. It seems be had watched and avoided me since I had gone down to H . He had the servants of Briscoe and Carrington pointed out to him, and followed them closely about. He was iu the canteen with ' a frirnd ' when he heard the captain's man whisper to the other to go round to the end of the building. He had done so, and having hidden, as I supposed, behind the sentry- box, he had over heard all I bad heard from the billiardroom window. -Next morning, on seeing Captain Briscoe enter the mess, be boldly went to bis quarters, and, finding his servant in the sittingroom, asked him to go fur his master. He told him not to hurry, as he bad plenty of time, gave him a shilling for a big drink, and in his absence he found Carringtou's letter, naming the skittle alley as the place of appointment and the time aa five o'clock, or about that time — information which I luckily got ou the road from the captain's own month. Hamer was just telling me that he didn't wait for Briscoe's return, or for the return of the servant, when there cams a terrible crash and a most startling shockj The cab had collided with a heavily-laden omiiibuB. Our off forewheel had come off, and our hore was s'ruggling among the feet of the other two. Then came the most tragic occurrence right under the eyeB of over a ecore of people. Carrington was the first to disengage himself from the wreck of the fonr-wheeler, and I quickly followed, balf- stnnned. Imagine my horror and amazement when I saw him rapidly and deliberately cross the pavement leap upon the parapet from one of the seat9 of the recess, and then plurge head foremost into the swollen and rapidly- running river 1 The paBBengers on the 'bits shrieked. I ran to look over the bridge, but just uica ilia uiuou Was OUSCUtcd. VVhcU lC caaie oat again tbere was no sign of the un happy man, and those who knew the nature of the water best, said that if he escaped iieiug crusned against the barges moored just below, he would never be able to keep afloat farther down. TART III. A disfigured body of a young gentleman was found a few days afterwards ; but Mies Taunton, who bad heard the terrible story, was too ill to take any measures towards recognition. A senior clerk from the bank was sent ; but, although he believed he saw the remains of young Carrington, the whole thing was coDBideied unsatisfactory. Never theless, he was buried as tbe culprit; and death satisfied the law. . Six months passed, and I was once more surprised to receive a summons from Mr. Taunton. He was evidently near his end, and it would be impossible to affirm that he was in his right mind. He was seated as I found him before, butbm stout frame had be come gaunt and thin, his gray locks straggling and white, hiB pale skin shrunken and parch ment-looking. ' I have given orders to have thousands of bills printed and distributed, offering one hundred pounds reward for the apprehension of my nephew, Arobibard Carrington.' ' But he is dead, Bit, and the law is satis- fied. ' But I am not,' the old man said. I re tain you once more to find him. You will find money enough there for your expenses for B'x months ;' and he handed_me a cheque. 1 1 have written to the Commissioner for per- miesion to retain yon for tbe length of time named. I have asked him also to permit you to claim tbe reward of one hundred pounds ; for that you will find him I am certain — yes, as certain as that we both sit here.' Of course I reported all this to head quarters, and was instructed to act in no way, as doubtless the old gentleman had been driven insane by the tragic end of hiB nephew. The eearch was fated not to end here, however. Most people, no doubt, remember some paragraphs that went the round of the papers about the time of which I am speak ing. They were usually headed 1 The Regimental Ghost,' and spoke of some yonng officer who, having died tragically, was in the habit of visiting his old comrades in the form of a spirit. He was sometimes seen gaz'mg sadly in at the mesa-room window ; at others slowly descending the staircase of the quarters he once occupied himself in H — — ; and several times he was beheld out in the moon light in the barrack-yard. At last a new phase came over the story. The regiment was removed to Aldershot, and on the third night of their stay the apparition gazed in at the window of the meBs-hnt in the North Camp. His former comradea saw hie Bad, pale-blue eyes and waving yellow hair very distinctly, and the matter had a great effect upon alL One officer, however, Captain B , who sat right opposite the window, was so excited that he had an epi leptic fit, and wae now seriously ill. Miss Taunton, the ghost of her former radiant self, visited me that night, and drew my .attention' again to these paragraphs, ending with the assurance of her belief 'that' her cousin was still alive, and that it was he himself who wae haunting" his old regi ment. I then told her all that occurred between Mr. Carrington and Captain Briscoe in tbe skittle alley of the Kingston inn. I I know my cousin is innocent,' cried the yoang lady. ' Captain Briscoe thought to re move a rival for my hand, but the supposed death of my cousin gave me an excuse for not seeing htm again.' I took up the ca»e once more. I went down to Aldershot and found that Briscoe's papers h«d been sent in. The ' ghost' was attributed to be the cause of his resignation. I followed him to town that night, and saw him enter a gambling hell near Piccadilly, the owner of which had been ' An Expert in Handwriting" once connected with one of our metropolitan nolice- oourts. He had, however, gone to prison for a serious offence, and had lived ou gambling ever since his release. Captain Briscoe opened the private door with a pass-key. He and Da Morlienville were friends— perhaps partners. My ideas were rapidly formed and acted upon. I rang and asked for the proprietor. As Bonn as I was seated I said : ' I am a police officer, and if you desire leniency of treatment, you will make a cleau breast of what you know of the cheque that was altered here in laBt October.' The fellow began to bluster, butl slowly brew mv ' bracelets' from my pocket, Baying : ' We know you are not the principal in the ense, snd therefore gave you the opportunity of explaining.' '. Will you admit me to .Queen'a evidence, and I will tell' all V cried the scoundrel, cringing immediately before my random shots. I I promise you- nothing,' I returned, coldly. ' If you are not the principal, however, you have not much to fear.' That gave him confidence. He made a clean breast of it. Briscoe bribed him to alter the cheqne, assuring him that the offence would not be serious, since he never intended to draw the money. I called the policeman on the beat, who sent me his Bergesnt. We entered tbe chief saloon, where (.carte and baccarat were going on. Approaching Captain Briscoe I said that I should like to speak to him in the next room. He rose with a look of proud ancer on hi9 flushed face, but that immediately changed to fear, apprehension, and horror, and hoarsely shouting, Again — again !' fell to the floor, writhing in asiony, as foam, tinged plentifully with blood, issued from under his large black moustache. Turning, 1 Baw, not the apparition of Archibald Carrington, but Archibald Car rington himaelf-pale, thin, emaciated, and melancholy-looking. He had survived the leap into the river, having hung on to a mooring-buoy until a waterman, passing, ohBerved and drew him into hie boat. He nan memory enrugn to get into a cao atter rewarding the good man, and, driving to the bachelor chambers of a retired fellow-officer, he was heartily . welcomed and carefully nursed through a long .illness. It was thi3 friend's idea to haunt. Briscoe like a ghost, and the plan undoubtedly served its purpose. I took him to Miss Taunton's that night with Captain Edwardes, his friend. Captain Briscoe remained ' under, police care at St. George's Hospital for four days, when he recovered consciousness sufficiently long to confess his guilt and the mercenary object he had in view in getting Carrington out of the way. A broken constitution then suc cumbed. Bnd further notoriety was avoided. Miss Taunton and Carrington were soon quietly married, and as he assumed her name when they returned from a long tonr on the Continent, all the evil past was for gotten. I was permitted to accept the hundred pounds reward, and I am still known in some circles as the fellow who laid ' The Regimental GhoBt, 