Notes from Sydney- iFBOM OtJB OWN COBIIE3PONDENT.] Tbursdny. Tub outrageous Jomonstration of tbo Wnllsond minors ngainst tlio Premier on Saturday has booa taken up by tho city press, ond all tho pnpors unite in con- demning it iv unequivocal terms. Ninisn Melvillo ie declared to bo largely respon sible for tho form tho dietnrbaaco took, and, thongh bo endeavours to oxculpato himself, the ovidonco against hiru is almo?t overwhelming. Of couree. tho affair is highly coloured or oxtonttated according to political bias of tho one kind or tho other. Great sympathy wss shown with tho Premior and intoneo disgust evinced at the manner in which ha wae hounded out of tho ultra protoctioniet contro into which he would porsiet in going. It was thongbt that with reflection would come ro-netion and that this turn of tho tide woaldjoet aofQca to land Mr Downing, bnt later a feeling of quito another kind has grown up, and folks aro beginning to nek, what, after all, Bir Honry wanted dans celte galore. It ie of course urged tbat Sir Henry ob Premier, conld doliver ad dreeeoa where he ploasod, arid ac tk elector, had a right to spenk oa political affairs, and there seems no doubt that ho has kopt within tho law, and tbat ho has not technically interfered with tlio election of representatives, as somo seek to make out. But in co far an good tanto and oxpodioncy aro coucernod it is hold by very many that ho should havo stopped away. A body-guard of polices wae doomed to be necoseory for his protection and it goes without saying that n Premier had better not appear at all—especially . beforo a mining com munity—than with euch surroundings; Tho " protectionist" oleotione aro now coming on, in othor words nearly all tho oloctions which the freetraders absolutely dopendod on carrying aro over, and tho constituencies in which protectionists aro. strongoet have yet to spook. Tbo numbers up to Wednesday night were 04 to 20, and it ie a fair assumption that tho Ministerial side of tbo Honso will bo about 76 etiong. Thoro will probably bo less than half-a-dozon Opposition Freetraders and a sprinkling of Inde pendents. The protectionists trill possibly number 85, but with tho oxcep tion of Mcesre. Garvan end Flotcher include no man of moro than third-rate political ability. Tho leadership of tbo opposition will probably Ho botweon tho two gontlomon namod. Who shall havo the Bpoakerebip is one of tho most open C[uostions wo havo had for many ; a day, and it Booms that .<Utor all—unless Mr W. J. Fo?tor will lay down tho Attornoy- Generelahip and take it (in which ovont borne say Mr G. H. Reid would stop into his offioial ahooe)—tho most suit able parson for tho position wonld be Mr Angus Camoron. The proposal to nominate Mr J. W. Farucll ia not enthusiastically roooivod by any monne, end bo would bo eorely missod when tho long debatee over Mr Garrett's Amending Land Bill cotuo on. At tho snrao time tbo enioluuiout attaohod to tho office would only bo too welcome, and ho might bo willing to dismount hie artillary and accept tho " retiring" allowance of £1500 a yoar—whioh moans a groat denl to him. Amongst the few who havo " a show" are Mr Dibbs, yonr worthy mnrnbor Mr Gould, Mr Trickott and Mr Day, but tho last named has only the merest ghost of a chauco. The result of the elootione of Wednesday, by a coincidence, wbb to a man in favour of tho Opposition, and of the fonr members roturnod three wore protectionists. This onablod tho defeated party to pull up considerably, bnt it wae tbo gloam of tbe sotting rather than tho rising sun. Tbe list of now appointments to tho Legislative Council wae pnbliehod on Woilnosdaj and in opposition to what is usually tho caso, all tba nominations havo boen almost unanimonHly approvod of. Amongst tho now Ms.L.C. Ie Mr G. A. Lloyd of Newoaetlo. Dγ, Garran, tbo ox-editor of the S. M. Herald, in also among tho exalted, and this tribnto to ono of tho foremost of oar litorary men is hniiod with acclamation by all tba metropolitan journals and is vory accept able to tho public. Tho reduction of wogoa by the Hudson Bros, Company is explained ne owing to tho general depression and tbo shrinkage of Government orders, Tbo men were at first inclined to be stubborn, bnt tho wretched etato of tbo labour market and tho intimation of the com pany that it would havo no vory serious objection to sospond operations alto gether influenced tho employees, who ultimately accopted a reduction' of b por cent. Tho matter has thus boon BOttlod, fairly to tho satisfaction of tbo paTty directly concerned, and groatly to the satisfaction of tho public at large. Tho depression at Hudson's Iβ not a thing of to dny. It lias been moro orlosp felt during the last throe years or moro. Tho temporary water supply scbomo gave a fillip to the works—especially at Granville—but eventually tbo Hudsons, if is gonernlly believed, wero monoy out of pocket over tho affair. The bnsinoas in tho Law Courts is chock-a-block. The judges declare thoy mnst havo prompt and " liberal" assist ance. They apply for an increase of tbeir strength by two men, which wonld raifio tho " strength " of tbo Supremo Court to tho '? completes nntubor," aovnn. The recent legislation re the heoriDg of i appeals hae contributed not a littlo to tho troublo, as it is now unlawful for a judge to Bit to hoar nppealo from his own decisions. Certain things havo " con spired" to tnako tho situation moro om burrassing. For examplo tbo nominal tivo now in nutbority ore really four—aa Judgo Windoyer ia uway in KugiunJ on leavo of absence. Tho tew Chiff .Justice hsh bt'-.-n so uiixod up, n? u'lv.icate, with various* cest's now liclore tho Court, that profesfioual propriety—to n*y no:h!n< o( otLor reasons— lie -iiutiij not bit to in-ur t' o-e c.-.sos ;;<-7r. Another jti.li;.' In-* t.'c!i:-.i.--.i:y ::('.?:;?.; to dv \xit\i the iioar'.a-.; ?' .-.ii:;i'.i!-i : - i thtH Hi art* l-.'!t to t,-:o, a; at w,; t. !-u | ~Uie letter iwioj' tlis y.oyQB uu^ii^r —without ovon en " emergency man " in cmo of illness or press of bnsinoss. When our colony hnd but ono-third of its population wo had four jndges in tho Supromo Conrt Bouoh and tho applica tion for moro now eeoms a reasonable ono. Tho " uoornployod difficulty " hns boon diroctly brou?ht nudor the, notioo of tho Governor Liuiao'if, n delegation from those who haro no work to do hnv ing waited upon hie Excellnucy on Tuesday. It in not oosy to boo what their objoct was, oe they could liopo for nothing excopt through administrative arrangements, with which of conrso it is not tbe Governor's prorinco to doel. Lord Oatrington quit? improssed thodo pntation with n senso that ho keenly roalisod tho cad el ato of I ebon r mattors, but bo retreated behind hie entrench ments as ho did with the hiatorio dopn tntion from tbo indignation meetings of last year. Ho oonlil only ccc thinga throogb Constitutional spectacles. Ho had to doal eololy throngh the Ministry, which in its turn worked throngh Parlia ment. AH this ie very well, bnt at times a little iodopendonoe ond out spokenness en tbo port of tho Vice-Regal representative tolls fer vory mnob, as witness tho enterprises qnickonod by Sir Herculoe Robinson's fntnons doliver ancoh. Sir Henry Parkos vieitod Qooanboyan on Wodno?doy efternoon to dolivor an address in favour of tho frcetrado cand?.- dato and against Mr O'Snllivan. Ho was rather badly rccoived hero also, ond Mr O'SuVUvan had tho oxqaieito rovongo of being in a posicioa to offer to take him as it wero by tho hand and got a hearing for him. But Sir Henry j doelinod to epoak "by the grace of i O'Sollivan." Ultimatt-ly tho Promior J spofco in the Protoatant Hall, nnd got a good reception. Tho " Qaeonboyan yokels" phrase was forgiron and for gotten, and with ohoors for Parkcs tho meeting broko up. Tho eamo day tho public nomination took plaoo, whoa Mr Toropeitt, tho Ministerial oandidato, gained the show of hands. Tho actual rcsnltitis, however, impossible to predict, Tho nnueual eceno of on old and " sottlod" clergyman in polico oonrt, chargod with a criminal offonco is now to bo witno??ed nt Rydo (on tho Parra matto Rirer), wlioro tho incumbent of tho parish—tho Roy. H. H. Britton— has been brought before tho local Bench on a chnrgo of arson. Tho caso for tho prosecution is that he wilfully set firo to tho parsonage presumably to get tho atnonnt of insurance upon it. There is o decided division in tho parish, and Mr Britton is unpopular with perhaps tho majority of his parishioners. Dr. Barry, the Bishop of Sydney, wae a witnoes for tho dofonco, but could only testify as to tho obaraoter of tho neenead. It scome fairly well established that tho building was purpo?oly sot on firo, thongh by whom is another qnefitiou. Tbo Minister for Worke (tho Hou. John Suthorluod) has tnken docieivo stops towards pressing on publio works, with a viow to aflbrding occupation to tho anemployod, and it is notifiod that to this end tenders will immediately bo callod for the construction of sowerage works nntnorinod by Parlinment. 