mail mm. OUR LONDON LETTER. IVROM OL'll OWN COIir.ESrONDENr, LONDON, 8th Jolt. Mr. Bradlaugh initiated an interesting dis cussion oh Friday last, on a motion that the ownership of land should carry with it tho duty of cultivation, and that in all cases where lands capable of cultivation with profit, and not devoted to some purpose of public utility or enjoyment, is held in a waste or uncultivated state, tho local authorities ought to have the - power to compulsorily acquire such lands by payment to the owner for a limited term of an annual sum not exceeding tho then average net annual produce ' of the said lands, in order that such local authorities may, in their dis cretion, lot the said lands to tenant cultivators. Mr. Bradlaugh made au able speech in advocacy of his motion, and almost all tho speakers who followed admitted that under certain condi tions the power proposed by the motion could he very beneficially exercised ; but it was urged that instead of more land being required for cultivation, largo tracts were yearly being thrown into fallow and did not appear likely to ue again mica in consequence of tho unprofit ableness of farming, IVhat stronger argument could be advanced against the vauuted benefits of free- trade? Hero, 40 years alter Iho belauded system was established, and when, according to the : Cobdcnitc prophecies, tho farmer, the manufacturer and the people generally should bo almost rolling iu accumulated wealth, it is said that uiuru necu ue no irouoic auout cultivating wnste lands, for tho reason that the cultivation of tho land is not profitable. Sir. Goschen admits something of this sort, and he has stated that tho Government, contemplate reviewing the fiscal system to meet tho changed circum stances of the time. .This is such an important matter, and one in which the colonics are so intimately concerned, that it will perhaps be advisablo to quote tho exact words of the Chancellor of the Exchequer,' so that tlioro shall bo no misunderstanding of his meaning. He said : — I will make this admission to you— that hav ing askod for your contributions, having to impose taxes upon you, it is our bounden duty to sso that the revenue i3 collected in a manner most convenient to those who pay the taxes, most equitable among all tlio interests concerned, and in a manner the least damag ing to the industrial and agricultural interests of tbo country. I will raako a further admis sion, and say that with tho changed circum stances of tho timo, if there are groat changes in industry and in agriculture, it may not unfairly be contended that a primO, facie case is made out that the fiscal system ought to be reviewed. Vi'hen I speak of changed .circumstances, I would submit, for instance, that there is a groat change in the distribution of profits. There is great dwindling in profits on the one hand ; on the other hand there is a great fall in prices, there is a great fall ia the value of agricultural produce, there is a great difference in tho general distribution of the wealth of the country. As the'so matters may form tho grounds for.: examining onr fiscal system, and while I will olfoi- no opinion at this moment, I will frankly and freely say that no foro.tono conclusion, no received prejudices, shall prevent mo from bringing an independent judgment and open mind to all thoso great problems, social, industrial and commercial, which are jostling and competing for public attention. I feel tho responsibility of tho words which I have uttered. I feel that tbero is much work beforo mo. Even in tho House of Commpns tho Government have been discredited, and that in consequence of the blundering of ono of their number. The 'circumstances of the case are instructive in more ways than ono. Sec particulars of Mi»' C»'« "me iu another column. Tho ditliculty of uniting sound investments for capital in England is becoming greater and greater as the months roll by, and yet it seems never to havo occurred to the blinded free trader to attribute to his fetish tho blauo for this unsatisfactory stato of thiegs. Pro tectionist couutrics como to England and borrow money, upon which they are able not only to pay tho full rato of interest, but also to make considerable profits for themselves. Of course, it will bo urged that the lender must he richer than the borrower, but it may be safely contended that so long as tho British capitalist is willing to advance money at 3 or 34 per cent., which the borrower will be able to utilise in protectionist countries so as to earn 6 or 7 per cent., there will be borrowers, and it does not need a very vivid imagination to seo which of the two will soon be tho richer. Sinco tho commencement of the year over £50,000,000 lias been invested in companies and loans floated on tho London market, of which tho colonics have received rather more than their share. Last month was a very busy period, the figures for which will probably come as a revelation to colonists. During Juno the following companies were floated J .unci M-Evrmi antt Co. Mount Shamrock Gold Mining Company .. 280,000 Caatlcraaluo Gold Mining Company .. .. 100,000 Isis Investment Company MO, 000 Queensland Opal Mines Company .. .. 103, QUI uymple Golden Crown Geld Miulng Coal- Gvmpie Great Eastern 210,000 Australasian Exploration Company (mining and pastoral) .. 0,000 Australian Town and Country Loan and Mortgage Company .. J. M0, 000 Dralren lllll Consols Syndicate .. 10,000 Ems Bay and Mount lilacUotr Railway Com- Freehold Trust Company of Australia 1.000.000 Total capital £3.376,000 This, it must be remembered, represents eharo capital only, and does not includo deben tures nor colonial or corporation loans. Tho new Canadian tariff has been the causs of several questions and a short discussion or two iu both Houses, hut little has been proved beyond tin fact that tho Canadians arc per fectly satisfied with tho result of thor fiscal experiment, and that instead of being on tho verge of ruin, and obliged to fly once more to free- trade for deliverance from their troubles, they are more prosperous than ever before, and are dis posed to extend tho principle of protection in such directions as their experience has proved to be necessary. Of course, British exporters, being left entirely out in the cold, do not fail to accuse Cauada of unfilial conduct, and taunt her statesmen with having expressed friendship and loyalty at the Colonial Conference, and then imposing hostile duties. Bat the remedy is in Britain's own hands. Everybody's hand is against her. Then let her defend herself, and in so doing her children will flock to her assistance, We have failed to secure another "member for Australia," Admiral Sir George Tryou having been defeated for Spalding. Various reasons have been assigned for this reversal of tlio figures of tho last two elections, but it would seem to ho clearly attributable to the fact that Sir George was uaknown to most of the electors, whereas his opponent, Mr. Halley Stewart, was on speaking terms with almost every voter. It was tho man, and not the principle, that carried tho day. - LONDON, lorif July.- Lord Salisbury seems to he in no particular haste to releaso England from the humiliating position into which the prolonged negotiations by Sir Henry Wolff with the Sultan for the evacuation of Egypt havo placed her. Tho ultimatum was pronounced tlint the plenipo tentiary was to leavo Constantinople a iort- night ngo ; but he has lingered on, the Saltan prevailing upon the British Premier to grant a few days' delay, and at tho expiration of that time demanding a further post ponement. On Monday last it was' announced in tho House of Commons that Sir II. D. Wolff was absolutely to leavo Turkey to-day, whether tlio Convention had been ratified or not ; but now it is stated that lie' is to remain until to-morrow. And all this trouble is taken to try and iuducc Turkey to accept a favor from England. Lord Salisbury does not even appear disposed to treat the matter seriously, for when replying to a question by Lord Hoscbcry as to the progress of the negotiations, ho was understood to say that Sir Drummond Wolff was not iu a state of " suspended animation," as Lord Rosebery had suggested, but rather in a con dition of " animatciV expectancy." Both speakers have denied having used the words attributed to them, but whatever they said it was sufficiently facetious to set the nouse "in a roar," and was probably not so witty as the expressions they repudiate. Lord Randolph Churchill has received the lion's share of- the blame for having despatched Sir Henry Wolff on this mission ; but , lio - lias disclaimed any responsibility for the appointment, and : as the negotiations are understood to havo cost no less than £27,000, it is not diffi cult to conceive that Lord Randolph, in his zeal for economy, shudders at being accused of incurring such an expenditure with the sole result of rendering his country ridiculous in the eyes of tho world. A complicated crisis has overtaken the affairs of the Bulgarian Government. No soouer had the Sobrauje unanimously elected Prince Fer dinand than dissensions which had been long smouldering burst into flame, and occasioned first the abdication of tho Regents and then the resignation of the Ministry. The immediate cause of ' the disagreement was very, trivial, and it is to ho deplored that men who liavo proved their ability to guido ah oppressed people through a period of trouble and danger should havo descoudcd to dispute among them selves as to a mere punctilio. It appcni-3 that a parade of the troops was ordered on Saturday last and that ouo of tho Regents attended, and, having reviewed the men, dismissed them. Soon after M. Nicolaieff, tho Minister for War, ap peared on tho ground and became very angry when he found that the men had been dismissed in his absence, accusing the Regent, M. Iisdosla- voff, of a gross breach of discipline. High words ensued, and, tho other Rcgcuts support ing thciff colleague, while tho Ministry defended M. Nicolaieff, the rupture became complete. It is understood that the Sobrnnje have refused to accept tlio resignations ol tiie iiegcnts,. it being hoped that beforo long the Powers will have recognised Prince Ferdinand, and M. Stoiloff having formed a new Ministry, the crisis has been quickly surmounted. Rumors with refer ence to tho attitude of tho Powers towards Prince Ferdinand havo been plentiful daring the week, but it is gonorally holieved that only Russia and her jackal, France, will raise any objection to his election, and, as I fore shadowed last week, it is thought that tho Czar's opposition will bo overcome by somo pro forma concession. Several of the German papers have stated that Prince Ferdinand has made up . his miud to withdraw his acceptance of tho throne, hut tho fact that ho lias appointed to- day to receive a deputation who will formally offer hira tlio rulersbip proves that ho is determined to persevere with his candidature. By cable wo have learned that Princo Ferdinand has proceeded to Bulgaria. They have had a stillborn revolution iu Franco this week. Thursday, the anniversary of tho fall of tho Bastile, had for some timo boon looked forward to with groat anxiety on account of tlio fanatical enthusiasm of the Boulangists, and gravo apprehensions wero entcrtai ned that something approaching aroToln- tiou, if not an actual coup d'etat with General Beulangor proclaimed dictator, wonld ho attempted. Tlio file, however, passed off very, quietly, only some 2000 members of thcFafriotio League assembling to place wreaths before the statues of Strasburg and Joan of Arc. Genera Boulangcr's sympathisers in the Chamber have however, boen extremely unruly, and a com plaint by the Premier that tho President of the Chamber had not maintained order was fol lowed by the resignation of M. Floquct, the functionary in question. IIo was pacified, how ever, by a unanimous voto of confidence, and he consented to withdraw his resignation. The snarling at Germany still goes on, and it exemplifies the phlegmatic temperament of ths Teuton that no serious notice has beca taken of the continual covert attacks and insults. Substantial progress lias been made by 'tho British Parliament with the measures for the government of Ireland. On Friday last Mr. Gladstone's amendment for the rejection of tlio Criminal Law (Ireland) Amendment Bill was negatived by a majority of 87, and the third rending was carried without a division. This seems to show, as Lord Harrington very pertinently said last week, that all the debate or denunciation that has been indulged in by the Homo Hulcrs has not gained them a single' vote, -for Mr; Parnell's amendment to the address was lost by 108 votes, the motion to apply tho closure was carried by exactly tlio same number, aud-thcrc was a majority of 101 on the division for the second rending. Allow ing for the largo number of pairs and for tlio vnca'ucies caused by elevations to the peerage, tlio numbers are almost identical, the persistent obstruction of the past four months being so much absolutely wasted energy. In nil 45 nights were taken up with the Crimes Bill, to which may be added the three nights during which the House discussed the charges contained in the articles in the Times entitled Pnrnollisni and Crime, and the bill was before - tho committee for 20 nights before Mr. Extinguisher Smith interfered. . In the House of Lords the measure is making much more rapid' .progress ; it was read a first time on Monday, nud last night tlio second reading was agreed to without a division. The Irish Laud Bill has found iff way into the Commons, and has passed its first and second readings, not, however, without obvious symptoms of a determination on tho part of tho Home Rulers to -'attempt an obstruction ns determined in lti character as that raised against tho .-Crimes Bill. The provisions of this measure are, how ever, not altogether satisfactory to tho Liberal Unionists, and it is understood that the Govern ment have consented to' several 'important amendments, especially in the bankruptcy clauses. The session is expected to closo 0arly in August, and there seems little chanco of anything important beyond the Irish legislation being attacked. One, motion advocating fiscal reform was. to havo been debuted last Friday, and another had been granted a night next week, hut bothbave been burked by tho resolution giving up the whole of the time of the IIouso to Government business. This is n serious misfortune, but it is evident that a scttlcmont'of the Irish question is of the first importance, and it is only rcgrotable that so much valuable time has been wasted in use less obstruction.. Protection in' some form or other will assuredly ho a buruing question in the near future, and thoso who have the mattci in haad arc slowly but surely strcngtlicmug their forces, the logic of facts proving strougei than the deductions of theory. An .important' factor in the settlement of the Irish difficulty wilt undoubtedly - be the report of Monsignor Pcrsico, tho Pope's missioncr to Irclaud, whose instructions arc to the . effect that lie is to go throughout the length aud breadth of the land inspecting and inquiring so as to be ablo to' present to his Holiness, " ns plainly as if he saw it .with his own eyes," a faithful account of the condition of the people. Monsignor Pcrsico's history would seem to provo that lie is singularly eligible . for the position ho has been called upon to fill, and tho Pope's choice in this matter is generally admitted to havo been most judicious. Monsignor Pcrsico finished his studies at Rome at the age of 23, and siuco then he has been engaged in the most difficult and delicnto missions, and invariably with success. He bcloDgs to tho order of Capucincs, aud is a perfect English scholar. He has been in Tartary, Thibet aud Afghanistan.' At Dar- jecling lie founded and directed a college, anil was the Roman Catholic chaplain of the British troops. In the Indo-Portuguosc schism in 1853 he was chosen by the Oriental Tiisbop to repre sent them at the Iloly See as well ns with the English authorities. IIo succeeded ill healing the schism, and obtained many concessions from tho English Government. During tho Iudian mutiuy lie was made prisoner and confined in the fortress . of Agra. At the termination of the rebellion he returned to Europe and col lected large sums to repair as far as possible the losses the missions in India had sustained. In 1359 ho was again sent on a mission to London in connection with matters of Catholic interest, and iu 1863 Pius IX, scat him to South Caro lina to pacify Iho people, who wero ex cited by the war of secession. He took part in the (Ecumenical Council, going afterwards to Malabar to settlo a serious dispute. It will thus ho seen that tho Popo could scarcely have made a more judicious selection of an envoy, but the commencement of his proceedings has not been regarded at favorable to the formation of an unbiassed judg ment of the problem he has been sent to solve. On arriving in Dublin ho accoptcd the hospi tality of Archbishop Walsh, and has accompa nied that prelate on several excursions. Still it may prove that he possessM sufficient strength of character to n ct-f'Wi vj 1 "Ti -,nT 111X1- £ y"'- ismcx xnrrihair - ri dm ri mty Be 1XX Ic ihn si1 vx X'TXT earny xiiacen dx j/WEsesrixix to tbe vlevcs it XXJX -vx:- jinie xtfivo- ftg» yrr'Tr »1£X fintrib- SO ffini ii£ 3EE3" 3#£ to £ jianlriB is jais? vrishsr finjR i22E» es Alness Jrtfi a" xti. SE5 IE23XE25fiS 2IIIC fisEEOS EC die yesjSs. JuampmrPmcBjt fcnczr-$SB ixffiohneifiyls €ces& xariciisiL xms insispuai wj& lie 3BBSE Etritoasjr annates. A xnosi -»"'< episode ri Se ipnre Ssus . Egrinfios soxi jfiase si I£z- GTiaftsTnrff'f Lcmani: jjaaasaffisx Dxffiri FHE- tax Brr.nrtiur i.7 x-.- 'j jxgx. irimifejiteESoiartitoNewYarixrrmteExniOE thegaixi liberie leafier, xmi xscsfi iris esssjc- tsxart t sirieriitoKgTsiihsrribei ferrir t sarfber uf f --.—"i-J— „ X -myy- -to — »;gi!.-gg5nr EE ins ssncss ec xcaaa vrifir zsritesee so desriafi. lie foiro' s 3e the drim i£ a sntixei, 22 -imaiss- stmate «s fie. Sisst 3»S. 3 feto 5 a Bsis, xss -m&pz; - lesnz 3993 scnss. 3i3£Enna»2BtefiI»-.E intst; cf J2i SriSriKJt. x -rrscSi'SC fiisaciti: Seeves -riwXq-Wie «A-n-tf.»-T Qs Egg fififfi 3t E asSTm!" fiEgs waf.'T'gxgExjgaggaasgg; Baifirig on . Ttno V ..- -,,,. Tnt SIR-I .tmfl XSirig fi£ 4XXtST rm ias jerbsifi to she hash. Qe fie . ilBSX to fiiS S£H2I XI A ESffTVE1 irffitE EE Ffcr. S2efisiaas"E soat to tsana, crrS fie toner jb5se ice senESBzaeS vrifix toribanite firrn.rr"' The . dhjiEitorinAaffiESteSto 3£r.,7i65M2p-iSisc, to fie See Fb.-i: l£z. Ferry Sfianni, CSuanntEEf fie Hsnssfiicannfiss -bb Jurasc Estonia® to the trvrferv Congress j ton E. IS. "iTfiiect, C. C. Sitcjie jaa, P. JL. Galea £a2 T. C- Cct-cfirf. Jfic. EE 'nrrr C£K32fifill£L, MntS filti iD,535 jespis ee fiss isi -ifix c Aiasdst sfieS fie firifiSzen Bee'-btis in sssspi Sis . jse £2 ifisfiag fi fiiair fiiesssi us £ fiaaai fiislr peg-nia afmsEfiai eas xr t sdanie So lis gnat pfii5i ssrrisEE in fie . «ass «f ffijfi imi rfiigfiiss fceasm. In Qis ; . eoicse a£ ins sssfii nscsufinr fie wass-1 ISe. . Gjn2staaesanE — . TSere as yarfias o? n?ou;yzaa -yto, 3a fie fiiss lEenmn in -o-iifi: iag- iarre Exninr- "traESeSj" jessed fiesssehec, 5s st fie jeseant saaaieoE ecjeress sesstsia iesioainryfi Asesiessi amsitswss is tan, sisd njxts fitti JsiStmsj I nunc esxress An I to cssaode fiat iisaiesease ®ce isSass ie fie esgess- siss «4 sjasios «s fie sZssrs rf sssfiier is s fissg -nsjcsfileiae end fec,l.inife? 32 is is, fiie wsagiSci last sesteass w2! fs2 ss sesritr sgem aass si cjos Zssnd ssd fiis Zaiss jxcjSe. tessiiBS -ee idee sees iaSsriefisg is ZfarfisAr ctaosza <i2 orar fie wicii 3Tb x fcsre teas ixiiE,Tiaix-g s3 fie zaficaii Zripg »i« iie? dsgit to to ssd tow i toe osjnx is unadisef tbfir s£«an=. TV® iri-e use tiedrnia. Veiisd sw cas£snsd sjss figss cSHgeriass sriiito fiej ssksimlfeagei li si s sedf-tossas 2nast«m sriafii re tor® sasmfid sod fis- ifimad to qarOTri togs izfiilssiisg. SiA'. a£y Sbst, bttt I tiVir sss fie viols itos tie . gesecs! leixss. fie pters2isg sense SESSQg tses cjiss fits wtols, is fist or fist irseto is — fesiaje l' stosld esy ttoi Bosses — sre issre tote seta© to sstctisd. It is s greet tofi toa lite nsdsx fiess Esrsnsastsssas to abject to fie csndxist t! Asseicssi srieo tier Testers to sdrise si sjca tie Irish jjieEtios. It wxrald fcs tnusstead il ti«7 tod est to i$ it srocld be tssncfioss i! tiej tod set to si. scfi titer west yes tore tees, snd titer nitt y»s tore dtme, the gret IieSsgt ci im-s.-Hr rennire it st jeer bssdt Tie Tixtx, c9zaaen&» njca tie ttoicr, tsSdt— Aojtaustei as are are Sfifix. Its Gladstone's sttoeisi TtaUy, isssfisbje sjjetite iorSsitery, basrerer eear&e; or tonrerer daabtiul ss to writds, ssd casquenoas Udc oi the esrinif sesieoi bcxsdr, rre were bsriJjr prejtred to i see ijha szsce csiie tacii a toptorside er'nhi- ttos rf idsitoU. lie bfit dasgkd betore bits wostd sat bsre bees Kippas&d; to bare a cbanee o2 Jtinrtit; ac7 olier ! toss cecspjis a prszsisest . pafifiyn, bet : the alasnty irHa nitoh -fas rxae to it abssdantlj jaetidts' tie aodafit j of tie Ameri cas aogSec- ' la fie lower commercial strata : o! Sew r'or 3r thef btre. endeotly taxes the ; measore o£ oar old" Fariiazsentazy band wilb : retosrbable ezactcen.' Hr.GIaditose ixti bad ' ample warning el the -character rf tbe rKt ! cdfered bits oa gator day, and oi tbe maaofler- : i&g; lb . Tbe whole thing was shows, by letter ! pobllehed is oar oolomse a' month ago, to be one of thoie delightful combinations of raJgar political istrigse with aordid 'commercial spe- csiatlon wbicb are so exaetly to the taste of the Irub " patriot," Tbe 'j' lower commercial strata " mealiosed br the Timtx relert' lo tbe member? of tbe deputa tion, among wbota were an eoterpricmg auc tioneer, a, jaibing steamboat proprietor, and as adrertitiog for.' dealer. Tbe bnlb of tbe mosey; it it raid, was raised' by iueasi of as enfertaisr ment at apleatcte garden, and tbe attendance at the file WM aifdei to tie list of , lubscriben. Tbe 'general impression' is tbaf tbe affair is a rather smart piece of American enterprise is the way of ad adrertiseinent.fdr tbe f ' deputation." Tie papers do not teem to know quite what X) call tbe ezcoznmimicated priest M 'Glynn ; tome of them retain the " father," others ven ture on "Dri," while the cautions ones adopt " llr." Tie I'apsI ban appears to have taken M'Glynn by curpriH', though how that should be is not very clear, for ie must have known that no other course was' open to his Holiness. Borne of the excommunicated priest's utterances bare been very reckless. At a public meeting in Sew York on Sunday last he is reported to bare mid : — I learned under the very shadow of the Vati can that the man who sine against bis con science tins against the lioljr Ghost, and if any I'ovrer o:i earth, even though it be lie who sits enthroned in tbo Vatican, commands a man to do or aay aught against his conscience, to obey- even that power were to tin against tbe Holy Obost. If It were in their power as it was oneo— thank God it is no longer— they would imprison tbe truth in dungeons and martyr it at the stake in the persons of tbose who through no fault of their own read God's truth in tbe facts of society, in the strata of tbe cartb, and upon the skies. It is a notorious fact that religion is vanishing in every part of tbo woridL Ken are being alienated frorri tbe cbureh, particularly from the Catbollo Oburcb. Nowhere is tho church more bated than in the so-called Catholic countries.' The .effort to obtain a Papal representative at Washington ie quite in keep ing with tbe saute poller that has led tbe Pop \ Tt -sua ewe mnlinx wrehrts TO -TXi'—Ti - X : .-re.Tu?r zmZJ'lS EC ;anr !XCXl. XI: Em iroirx dxr_. as um.ut- t-rj iTaiesmn: EE 1X2 Erg— if. rj.Ei.n-j- Wa-ir-lgp Exit- E;EEK torn rirm lint merely hi ifir great mi i nSsntii m tor Znmnrm. 7 to weE -snimrm. ' i but n£ fit great totom to itt -t£ vtse to 'ZnitotnA. ;!Of tnwmsei is mmin ie nf jtosw rise, an - 'T-rhrtx to jtoor meSSy vrcidi ae vn-r-.b=wve can hbxy" 7>nris"c'iTTfrefT>r S-. -TT.'X1.-". ' wxy." im liTtgara fietosen fin ?ice a-Xii. toe ynrTivr i mtt, TVDtiin t« e.':r'-. — rt' fiffi: | totter, to wtniic ie mxcier to. ibeir . jofimsi to toey veers to ity fig torimat; Ijsmfitoc to fig toque even st toihih-taii) x.: |iea£. Trg rest -vrtw tn .gel" ttwfinngi itoms fiw HrrTTrrr -rT-TtrTrrrtf. to <mmr j-uig ' : y«geVv -rrf Crrr -I- --f- rfintgrSs-; iiiMjvxegjlfiaCrar'wnfiframnE fiig. Tiitoipi: iaS-tteKSBfi 13 & -rhgyy . th& zxrpb sag irrrsarrrlalisr- ss jdts v'at'=tr : "s-mrtc "yTnn-nr.wwr- s "m_rir -n 'TT— t» I vrisfi fig torgg. tofgytorvs mot rmtns tor cs |«fiansng3n£ juemrae. JCea vrfio fiavi ionfic 3ar Oefixnbdfim tosre lg$m X- -1.- fig toe to TxiEn,u-.u- eo fig<tofiid5eE 3at tie totnnBCtrnminB -to witomsSgBi?® to fig mrrs jgsngtssfito, > tout tmernme wto mg mnnttr to aresmn mm fig gGr- Trmj-.toriSSr im5 toansy > to'rtxi.ig EVm tie' jionxtoK figsnbsrtb ti 3e mch wnt to | any finginrvrimT > totgai gsfirsUm j YSffi gib tost to wnipftoiritati in fiie 'mpstor glcaSinst > mat lass jraiHriiet fito tbsc, mid jtartoiur tome zisas pritie me rrnin-i > tvi> m jfaxse I commsafiea. aaam m fite tori lis;.. | At. fig ieut ranger > nsam ins -£25,933 x tortfim - -tt— ft,e Ctonabd mtc |Zz3nin5ic, imn fig > A3933 srim: ar : H3LH. fig Sasse to W&s;, firrmgii , ild ywSuTffftTrrw; irs > ttoainsTgd to .nto. tottgrfigw. tomsasl- Tig' j Suiudtoai niss jtmiaSe AT333 > . by fig . SJusec, . nic twu eehs to Ae.5,932 rfcnm ir Ssrnn jSrvsn ni fiie > Mfiumyim to : Jtohpan. The Itoimmto amtoJy vii to, V'gE'g- Atonaw ; | fig > -smtenal-simssritomto £2Sbe figctoxmytoi | Igimai iortie TOvrnriitats licfi > to-A7f 2s. ls-,i ye: fig ZSfiaaaat -on atowere so tnse s tosw, ; i jii > tsnrtrmufiic being anx£$V7t. 7i ; The -Smin ; | oox-x pot seem to inve been > iestsn v'srii s-nrn-wh i 5 art smnem Kggsmercs rrnfl eaifatosometo toe J imet-to-wsrj ..the Sexto Gtrntos gnre tiEt A3; |l5i. 3i, vrhSe «mr A2 5s. 3i wee .exSetted ; jtmoxttia fine CartSne. H.lt.3. Sa£ow serr j i A1 13e, H3LS Txreorani A3.; 5s. . 23_, nnS ) I'd M.S. Canqnes. n fine jgcrnS. ;.3ai tbs.j j mx-sx remerimVle ieaicreto the liai to fig "-jws-J I Tfienee" a the namsi to those ppan wfiambEve j | been cxtoerrea 3fii3es aoaoE. . StEfir.fiie.ime | jto not fie corseqneoee .to _ the toher, .tbesgh |sxcne to, She newspepen inrve bad fig iiatSbsrod .is sty fisat -txyaae who womd jcastriinie AT033 to; the Insrituxe icigsf jreifim Epon reirmg aTxmgbxbooi SiiHfbe sudaen accession to loyalty winch induced I/xto j hltghemmome to give i.T-333 so soon tote |rec«ring hit peerage to remariaiie, and so sitewiseto tbe rtober .fiecp iSstiac&m; to a harxoetrr to bfrx Hiiitrd for AoI. "SirjNtiiard iloor, bowerer. seems to .' have made a sfiH better deal, tor bis iprxoticy exist idm oe3t 25 gtoneai; yet .Dan GoiireT cotoribsted 19: gtoaeax, and. «sdy got a Sstoenincy; is fig; Gnar-dE. ' . .-. . . ; . ilessrs. Ksfiing and firini. told 3933 boxes to Acsttzliaa manges on Wednezday last; and I bad the ctxriofify to attend and see tot what con dition they arrived and what juices they realised. Tie fruit was landed in first class condition, only four boxes being' at all inferior, and tig whole was marketable. The .great majority to the lores were classed as "angles," fhet to tbe " very best," There was evidently a good deal to interest among fig trader; in the " Australians," and. tbe different lots were csreitolr laapledl _ Tbe .boxsag. and packing was far auperier ;to . anything that .had pre viously beea doae in . Auriniiiv.. and lbe rasolt- tcg A1 coniiixon to the fruit proves that the care -.was,;; astr ' ill-beficwfi': : 'There- «tt, some AAetxxs', in-, lis .- - packing; that ot G. xHolper -being coaadered. ;tbe best by .those, 'able to judge, and this is borne csit by , the fact that bis lots contained not one inferior orange. Some to tbe - dealers objected to the pale color of tbe trait, and. when some of the lot.vrere bring offered a facetious ladder would ; aifc, " What have you done .with tb? paint J". .The very dark oringej' ere tbe; fa5biOBdble.a»t,;smd it to stod that blood oranges . are , . skilfuliy jinitated by tbe iypodermic injeeliou to a harmBts3 crim son fluid. - ;Tne' prices : realised were not nearly to high os tbe Orizaba shipment broagbt, though the latter frmt was inucb inferior. It is explained that the Orizaba shipment cams upon the market when it was comparatively bare; whereas just now tbe dealers have more soft frait — strawberries, currants, cherries, and so on — than can be sold oefore they deeav. The market for oranges, therefore, was slack, and tbe prices suffered. Tbe highest price was 10s. for boxes containing 239 fruit and 6j. 3d. for half bore?. The average all round was about 9s. per box. Tbe prices fetched by this shipment, hovrerer, cannot be taken as a criterion, and very much more would probably be received a few weeks later. The success of the shipment is in the excellent condition in which it arrived — as good as or belter than frait from Spain or Portugal — as it proves that Australian growers have a certain outlet for their produce, and that if tboy will only study the markets and land their fruit here between the European seasons very profitable prices will be realised. 