LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STOWE OF NEW CHURCH AT GERMANTON, (FROM A OOBBE8PONDENT.) Oil Wednesday, the Xlth of May, at 4 pm. verv interesting and attractive ceremony took place in our small township of Germanton-the lavine of the foundation-stone of the Church of England now in course of erection. There were n resent at the ceremony the incumbent of the parish (the Rev. Jalius Scott), the Revs. Canon Acocks and F. Bevan of Albury, besides a targe number of persons who had assembled to witness the proceedings. The ceremony was opened by an appropriate hymn, "This stone to Thefi in faith we lay." which was effectively sung by the church choir, who had gathered together for the occasion. The Rev. F. Bevan then read a chap, ter from the Bible, and was followed by the Rev J Scott, who read several passages selected from the Scriptures, the Rev. Canon Acocks finishing with the prayers. The incumbent then read to the congregation assembled the paper that had been prepared for placing under the foundation-stone, containing the date of the ceremony, the name of the Bishop of the diocese and of the incumbent of the district, the names of the memDers of the church committee and of the contractors for the building, and its estimated cost of £550. Ibis roll of paper was then placed in a bottle together with a few small coins, and deposited under the Btone in the cavity left for that.purpose Ancrum Heriot (acting on behalf of his father, Mr E Heriot of Carabob!a) was then presented by'the incumbent and the parishioners with a valuable trowel and mallet in a neat case, and uiscribed upon the trowel were the following words: —« Presented to Elliot Heriot, Esq., of Carabobla, on the occasion of the laying of the foundationstone of St. Paul's Church of England, German, ton, on Uth May, 1887." Mr. Ancrum Heriot then proceeded to lay the stone of the church (to be called the Church of St Paul) «• in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The stone having thus been laid, the assembled congregation then sang the wellknown hymn, " The Church's one Foundation is Jesus Christ our Lord." The Rev. JULIOS SCOTT then spoke of the pleasure he felt at being present to join with them in eo important and interesting a ceremony, and congratulated the members of the Church of England on the commencement of a work which they had every prospect of finishing •without any great or serious difficulties, seeing how liberally his parishioners had responded to the call made upon them for subscriptions. He alBO explained that the reasons the Church of England people had not previous to this time exerted themselves to build a church of their own, were twofold—first, because the members ot the congregation up to the present time had not sufficient wealth amongst them to justify such an expenditure j and secondly, because they had for so many years been able to use the Presbyterian Church, kindly lent by that denomination—a state of affairs that was highly satisfactory, as it afforded a convincing proof of the friendly relations existing between the two religious bodies ; and he was glad to be able to say that for many years past the ministers of the Presbyterian Church had (with one exception) freely and unreservedly made use of the church buildings belonging to the Church of England. The Rev. Canon A COCKS then gave a short address, speaking of his early recollections of the district, and the difficulties under which he labored in years past owing to the very few churches then existing; also referring to the interest he felt in the people of Germanton and the surrounding district owing to his having once had the privilege of being their minister. He warmly congratulated the members of the church on the veiy good and handsome building which they purposed erecting, and he hoped that they would prove their attachment to their church by a regular attendance at the services to be there held on the completion of the building. A collection was then made, and the sum of £56 was soon made up, £20 of which consisted of new subscriptions, the remaining portion hav. ing been previously promised. The Rev. Canon Acocks pronounced the Benediction, and The people then adjourned to the new Mechanics' Hall (net yet formally opened, but kindly granted by the committee of that institution) for the tea-meeting and concert, which now engaged the attention of the people. The persons present, estimated at about 300, were now welcomed to a very sumptuous feast of good things of the best quality, and all tastefully arranged upon the tables, from which it was evident that the ladies of the congregation had spared no painB in making their part of the entertainment a complete success. The ladies who provided for and arranged the tables were Mesdames Chapman, King, Smith, Tinker, Kendall, Godfrey, and the MisseB Heriot, Spurr, Dudgeon, and many others who kindly assisted and contributed the necessary articles of food. The tea being over, the tables were quickly cleared and arrangements made for the concert, which was greatly appreciated. The singers (residents of the district) were Mesdames Chapman, Mitchell, and Tinker ; the Misses Heriot, Spurr, Smyles, and Eeiff; and Messrs. Scarborough and Hartley, who ell shewed by their proficiency that we have local talent amongst us not to be despised. In addition to the above, Mr. Sims, choirmaster of 8t. Matthew's Church, Albury, who was also present, added greatly to the pleasure of the evening by his musical talent and amusing soags. A few recitations were given, the Rev. F. Bevan reciting "The Banner of England" with great effect; and two recitations were also given by Mr. Stewart, which were highly appreciated. A few short addresses were made by the Rev. Canon Acocks, the Rev. J. Scott, and the Rev. W. S. Wbittier. The National Anthem was then sung, which brought to a close the most successful entertainment of the kind that we have yet witnessed in our small but flourishing township, the net proceeds of the day realising about £50 over and above the money previously promised, so that it is estimated that when all promises have been paid up there will only be the sum of £160 to be raised to pay off the full cost of the building. 