LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. SoERENDER.-Georgo Joseph Webber, of West Maitland, tinsmith. Liabilities, £126 4s; assets, £213 10s 10ld. - ENGLIs?s OPERA.-M-r. Fnrley's opera class meets to-night at 7.15 in Mr. Thomas' Schoolroom. RosE or BUnawOOD LODGE hold an open meeting to-night, over which Mr. Creer, M.L.A., is acnounced to preside. InnRIGATroN.--Mr. Thlompson Ihas given notice of a motion in favour of thle Govern ment borrowing £10,000,000 for water con servation works. GoLD FINDS.-Good payable gold is now being obtained at thle Limestone diggings, about 12 miles from m udgec. There are over 200 miners on the field. G.U.O.O..-A meeting will be held at tie Black Diamond Hotel, Blane- street, to-mnight, in connection with the Widows' and Orphans' Fund, No. 1, G.U..OO.P. REGISTRATION. - Mnr. W. B. Brown, C.P.S., to be Assistant Registrar of Birthlls, Deaths, and Marriages for thle district of the Namoi, at Walgett, vice Wright. A SAWPIrSH, 15) feet long, was captured yesterday morning in Lake Macquarie. The fish was, by latest accounts, alive, and as comfortable as h:ossible, taking one considera tion with another. NorTWITnsTANDING the heavy rainfall of this year, the Hnunter River at Singleton is now lower than it hasbeen for many months, and in many places near the town may be forded with ease. ACOIDENT AT THE GLEnE PIT.-A boy named Thomas Loyden, working on the pit top, had hIis hand badly crushed between two skips on MIonday afternoon. Dr. Clarke was called in,'and it was found necessary to amputate one of the fingers of the left hand. THE RA?LITS.-Rabbit-inspetor Orichton, an oflicer of the rabbit branch of the Mines Department, left Sydney on Monday night en route. for Narrabri with instructions to make a thorough inspection of the country in that locality. It las been reported to the department that eight rabbits have been killed thereabouts lately. AFFAIns IN IRELAND.-The present time. appears to be a busy one in Ireland for soldiers, policemen, doctors, and members of Parliament. At the "proclaimed" meeting held at Woodford on Sunday not only was the chairman, Mr. Wilfred S. Blunt, arrested, but the police charged the crowd, and 30 persons were injured. ST. PETER'S CUiRCoHl, IIAaILTON.-We beg to remind our readers that thle anniver sary tea meeting in connection with the above church will take place in the IMechanics' Institute this afternoon, tea on the table from 5 to 7 o'clock, at the close of which a public mooeeting will take place, and which will be addressed by several prominent gentlemen. Songs and recitations will be given by well-known ladies and gentlemen. LOVELYT Summer Dresses, and all soeheap, at Scott and Aird's. 1705 Dr. Troloar may be consulted at his residence, Cottage Bridge, from 9 to 11.30, 2 till 3, 7 till 8, daily. Vaccination daily at 11 o'clock; Fridays excepted. 'Busses and trams pass every five minutes. 9401 IN order to hlave a rapid sale of our New Mantles just opened we have marlked tlhe prices very low indeed. Scott and Aird. 1714 ADVERTISERS are again requested to on dcavour to have orders intended for insertion in the Herald and ddrocate delivered at this oice not later than 9 o'clook p.m. Copy received by the aInto train and post cuannot be guamrantood insertion in the following issue. We are making a special show of New Mantles this week, all at -very low prices. Scott and Aird.i 1713 OUn piscatorial readers are reminded that the s.s. Ethol leaves the Mfarkot Wharf to-day, at 2 o'clock, weather permitting. PRESENTATIOx.--This evening, at half-past 7 o'clock, a testimonial will be presented to MIr. T. Oroudace, at the Lambton Council chambers, by the ratopayors and citizens of Lambton. LAND AT NAnRRAA.--Wo perceive that on Saturday week, November 5, Mr. S. Smith will sell by auction, at Narrara township, Iogan's Brush, two miles from Gosford, sundry allotments of land in that promising locality. The terms are of a most liberal character. A special train will leave Now castle on the day of sale, at 8.40. Par ticulars will be found in our advertising columns. EFrpeOTS OF SIOOK.-Tlbe DBallarat Courier states -The friends of Miss Smith, -vho, it will be remembered, was some tim ago seriously affected by a fright received by observing a blackguard dressed as a ghost, near the Eastern Oval, will regret to hear tlhat she has not yet recovered from the shock. On Friday night she relapsed into a series of hysterical fits, and was very weak on Saturday. FANcy FA?I.-.Our readers will be pleased to learn that a fancy fair will be opened this afternoon by the Rev. Father Meagher, in Mlr. Bonarius' Argyle Stores, Wolfe-street, at 4 o'clock, in aid of the funds of St. Peter's Church, Stockton. A good band will be in attendance, and, as the articles to be disposed of are of a very recherche description, we have no doubt that there will be a large at tendance. RAILwAY TO \VOLo.onr.-An influential meeting was held at Wollombi on Monday night to advocate a branch line of the rail way to Wollombi. It was decided to hold a public meeting on Novemnber 28 next, to which it is proposed to invite Mr. J. F. B3urns (Colonial Treasurer), Messrs. Steven son (MR.P. for Wollombi), J. N. Brunker, H. Levien, and R. WV. Thompson, M.'sP., besides other influential gentlemen interested in the proposed line. ATTErNTrION hals frequently been called to the delay occasioned by the non-appearance of parties in cases in the local police court, the cases very often being postponed for a short time to allow the suitors to appear. The P.s1. yesterday, however, upon receiving the intimation that there were no parties to a case, immediately and very properly ordered the cause to be struck out. A little pinctu ality- on the part of pl:aintiffs and defendants would be the means of obviating a good deal of trouble to themselves. BEwARE. --Weo have been informed that photographic £1 notes on thle Bank of New South Wales are now in circulation, and that two were on Tuesday passed off on tradesmen at Hamnilton. It behoves business people therefore to be very cautious when accepting notes, lest those very clever spurious notes may deceive them. 'IThle paper even is a re. nmrkably good imitationofthe genuisearticle. The matter is in the hands of the police, and it is to be hoped that the forger or forgers will be run to earth and dealt with severely. PnnLio LAVATORraS.-A movement is on foot in Sydney for providing public lavatories. It is urged that while public bars are thickly strewn over the metropolis, and people can wash out the dust from their throats all the day long, yet that at tile hotels there is hlittle or no accommodation for the public washing their faces and hands. If Sydney complains of this want, what shall be said in Newcastle ? In London and other large cities the establishment of lavatories has proved not only a great boon to the public, but lhas turned out a splendid commercial success for the promoters. How Nor TO Do IT.-The blighting effects of Government centralisation are not unknown even in progressive Victoria. A Ballarat contemporary narrates an incident which occurred in Ballarat East. At the town watchhouse the lock on the door got out of order, and instructions were given to send the article to Melbourne for repairs. It was returned a few days afterwards, but was found to be still out of order. The lock was again sent down by train to Melbourno to again get overhauled. The repairs could have been effected in Ballarat for a few pence. TnosE BOYs ! --The boat in which the two boys started upon a fishing excursion on Sun day afternoon, from whichl they did not re turn to the boat-shed, was found on Tuesday night at the top end of Mosquito'Idand, with all its gear complete, high and dry upon the beach. There was no sign of the boys, who had evidently decamnped for some reason or other best known to themselves. The occur rence of boys hiring boats, and neglecting to report or return them to their owners, has frequently been repeated of late, and there fore it is supposed that this is only another of the many instances of juvenile careless. ness, TiK ijG PREOAUTIONS.-Says the Ballarae Cbourier :-A most unprovoked assault took place in Mair-street on Saturday night oni a young msan named Georgo Cairns. Mr. Cairns was walking down the street named, when hlie was accosted by two young men, who spoke td him. He did uot take any notice of the remarks passed, when they immediately rushed at him, and knocked him down. Constable Corby appeared on the scene, and arrested one of the men, who. gave the Iname of Wmin. Prcst. At the lockup a printed label, as follows, was found in prisoner's pocket :-" I'm out for the night; when I'm boozed tie this label to mny but ton-hole and send me home." There was no address on the label where to take the young fellowv to, and he was lodged in the cells. CAw IT E P--Yesterday, at th~ie local Police Court, A. G. Edwards was summoned by the Newcastle Inspector of Nuisance for a breach of the by-laws. During tlie hearing of the case the defendant made a statement, which, if true, mnakes a most serious charge against the street ranger. The defendant said the official had " got up " the case against him "for spite " and for personal motives. While not in any way dnimadverting upon the street ranger, who usually performs hIis duties with courtesy, if not always with tact, it is to be sincerely hoped that this grave charge will not be allowed to drop, but that his innocence or his guile will be clearly de monstrated. It would be dangerous in the extreme if an official occupying the position of the street ranger should be in the Imbit of formulating cases against citizons "for spite." Therefore the matter should be cleared up in the interests of the public. THEn TIEATRB..--The Star Minstrol Com pany appeared in a change of programme last night, the most noticeable feature of which was Miss Kember's rendition of a very pretty song, "The cricket on the hearth," to which her rich voice did full justice.. Miss Ida Francis's contribution was a pretty .ballad, "No, Sir," which she sang very effectively, There were new fiunnlments by the end-mon, duets by the Bovis Brothers, and Roman Rings by the.St. Clairs. All the memnbers of the company seemed at their best. Owing to. the wodinig of the company's advertisement an impression is abroad that they gave, their final performance last night. Such is not the case as the season does not close til. Satur day; and as to-morrow is a half-holiday, and extra attramotions are promised for bthe rest of the week, the patronage ought to be good. PRsssnT Washing Prints for 4&d; per yard at Scott and Aird's. 1712 At the goods-shed, at 3 o'clock this afternoon, MIr. A. Sparko will submit to auction chaff, pota. toes, lueoorno, oaten, and wheaten hay, &C.; IIosssrs. Bruuker and Wolfe will bold an imluor. tant sale of 50 head of horses--draught, saddle, aid harness--at the Campoll's Hill sal.yards, WVest flaitlandn, to.day, at noon. The animals are in prime condihon, and ashould oaUliso good pcriesa 