NOTES FROM LILYDALE. BY A BILIOUS CONTRIBUTOR. Items from Anderson's Creek seem to be of an encouraging nature, judging from what a gentleman just told me. The Young Colonial company crushed 10 tons of stone the other day, which left a product of 59ozs. of the precious metal-considerably more than £200 worth of filthy lucre from ten tons weight of geological fragments is not so dusty, although no doubt the said fragments were rendered somewhat dusty before the aforesaid precious metal was extracted. 5½ ounces from the Whampoo and only 2 tons of stone manipulated to get it from shows that this almost pre-Adamite goldfield has not yet given up the ghost. My private opinion is that there is more gold yet left about Anderson's Creek than ever there was in the whole region of Teetupa. Distance lands enchantment to the view. If a speck of gold should even happen to be found on one of the frozen icebergs of the North Pole (or on the Pole itself for that matter) what an exodus there would be and wouldn't polar bears fatten. Our local contractors, I am glad to notice, seem able to hold their own. The city mag- nates, in mortar, bricks, and stone, seem to keep at a respectful distance. No protection here my friends. No protection. Free trade, and yet Lilydale holds her own. The new firm of Archibald Windsou and Co., house decorators and general contractors for artistic improvements to house property, are likely, I think to occupy a paying and satifactory position in our township. I have seen some really good work executed by these gentlemen, Lilydale has other artists of genuine skill and merit, still there is room for all, and I wish, these gentlemen every success in their undertaking. My old aide de champ, the ubiquitous Fastosus, supplies me kindly with the follow- ing curtain lecture a Ia Caudle. The scene is laid, say within a hundred miles of Lilydale. "Jack dear?" "Well." "Don't you think the Carrs are awfully stuck up ?" "Go to sleep." "lndeed, let me tell you l'm your lawful wedded wife, and the mother of your children that any man in this world ought to be proud of me. You've been on the harvest field and want to go to sleep do you. You always want to go to sleep. If l have any thing to say for your own good. I don't see you all the blessed day long. What am I driving at. Jack, dear, were as well off as the Carrs or the M'Tavishes, are not we?" " May be we are." " You know we are." " What matters that tonight." " I'II tell you what matters. Don't you ses how they are holdlng their heads above us sky high, with their barouches and their pony phaetons." 'li?.ot I they'voea right to.phaetozs Ittllhey like," "That's aeico way to talk. to.the wvifeof yocl bosom.and.tlle wife thatI've boeol," " Go to sleep." " No I wout, go to sleep.. I:vlwant a,pony ichacton," "Alright, geto.te,." " Y.cs;. btt JaIck love,. how about, the. po?nles ?' " Driv4e Bob." " Indete lanuihlwont- drive hua.; yJnacnaa drive litobsoouroel ta.your Jolitlccatious anld your jukettlitng ; youtmeal,klw w Ihow to ctify yoorselvp s whlsst we poor, womenU Iato tre tsamllht ald sollieg at osmeC." ".ttoud ncighi,"' "'a'l're tirted Icook hre l Jack, lear, I'se guoig to thie city lext, week. to get, ttle girls some autundresses, so I'll kill two hIlrds with, onu stols alld get a duck.ol anpoay haetonat Stclphenson and I ollot's,.ntd ,y bluy the Ironic*.. * * Lbl~yml say.lrlght.. n , ltta,dear. G g Jack" itals uodleesdo adid outythtlug to tiloe abavo, thie ladlies always do.succed if thcy. tot, their mind4 osauytlhiodg. itace Coursu I, Why shonldlthet good folks. of this iighly favorlI locality bg sgloing and psnting-for. n? rend~nlvous forttheir blo?l stock): Councillou beware.l I We require salnthiog at yourlhanldsa. Lilydale mst cptonedsawhthisrher,conuoillors do so ornot, lul, a, men.cacourse is. (oft courso only a nt?t.calpjutdgtC:taa lprcsperols coOamunity. 