LIKE AAYDN UNLIKE. :rl BI'Wlt E. . kDarnnow, ,' ,,iotl,OI ' Tads LadlgYeo .5, , ie," .ioii, l;.jm.-Tax Foauoea Horis Valentnoe Billfold walked to the £oZIIsu and of the platform ead stood there, gold sad ifek, lke a man I an age st; tall his train .ame ia brom Plymouth, add then he had to mnn 'aftner the 'train as It stesamed lat the staMen, sad scramble into a fireteass eom-. partuient panting sad breathles, and white to thelii. Toe ooghli'to rin tlnge oalosea hasts air, you don't look the kind of man who can stad It,' said an elderly parson, one of those amiable bay bodies whoare always Interestead in othe pSopl'a affalrs. Valentine scowled at him by way of .answert,'as thrw his deer-stalker into the nack' 'land moppd hIs forehead and hair, idl mpbIth fey sweat. " * Aohorlish personage,' thought the Wait * Counteqlo'ter. m eonitlng wrong with the heistsd a very irritable temper,' and the good man tried to interest himself in his newspaper. glanoing over the top of it every now and'than to see If there were any hope of coiversatlon.` Valentins put 6o his sap again, pulled it orvi his Inrehead, and clled hitself in a copiPe of il earriarge 'in oan attitude that m ate to tal iolation, He was trying to reoovnr hnerve satear that sodden appari tips pý Bb,. Austell.:: By---r, I was afraid of the man,' he sala to hlmel*f For the fres time in my life I have known what it is to fear the farce of a ma.' If a briee of oostables came 1o arrest me,' 'Caraftr ' add'headenffs complete, I wouldn't flihb; but hie' ace unnerved me. He lofed her. He would ask me, " What havi on done with that frail,. false, lovely girl whose heart wje mine ' Yes, hle, his not mine, It was his love I murdered. It in to him I am answerarble. It was hib life I epolied., She had seased to belong to me she was openly, avowedly, hip. And I qualled before him, torned siak with fear at eight of -the rillan who wronged me.' For, an hour or more he satl in hie corner, liiing ouar that brief oiooment of meetlag selag that passing .vison of a malignant faics, ;eling hi eelf. igain and again in bitterest moekerythat It was St. Austell who had lost by that fatal blow. At last. and with atremendonus effort, he dismissed thbls dark train of thoughts, end his mind recurrned to one of the objects of his journey to London. Eder inea th ltast meeting. with Madge Ifrley5he girl od ,aher mairslon lied been petaesM to his mll, ' aesIon was, dead in In him, orlied inder iheoriushling iweight of a great remorse, asebed and frome as the senee are in fgebtmare.. Therewas no re kindling of abold Fh'tit'; bitin the eehs of ble dbead lode-f6r that ilstrange girl there wase a alfarglow, a litthle spot of warmth remal. isgwhere bil etep ld grown sold. He felt that i there eoild' e comfort or hope for him anywhark' ujo thi earth, it would be withher,.. IE faltjd t if there were anyone to'whom he oqold onfeass his grime, it was Madge Darley, snd not s priest. -The Forlorn Hope, he repeated to himself as be sat In his corner, looking out at the Isandeospi' e very feld, and copse, and hill, aid' curvng tream, familler to him from biyhood'- bieheld again and pagain at all seasons, sometimes in listless vacuity, some imees in impatience. At last the train steamed into Paddlngton telation on' theedge 'of dusk. The susaet glowed darkly red athwart the London fog, as the train passed Harrow and Henswell. The great vaulted roof of the terminu looked ghastly and sepoutebral in the chilly light of -eletrio lamps, Valentine told a rorter to take his port. manteaux to the Great Western hotel, and then left the station on foot. ,He was going to Lsson Grove to look for the Refuge Soonded by Madge Darley. The long thorooghfare of the Grove was light with Templit shops, and fll of trafie. Valentine ioquired la.oe of the shops, and was directed to a side street, a. dismal looking strieet of liabby,, dilapdated houses, whibh mglifg have had erme pretension to respeelability half a eentory ago, but whloh had fallen to about the lowest staege in the history of bks, and mortar. Thcy wpge h6se i.eNofo Rabe esize, howrever, ai 'etred esommdeton to o aconslderable lopuntiion, as appeared by the various Ig wnladows, suggesting many domleiles Under oarof; -' Aeroes the front of one of these houses, of a somewhat better aspeet than its neighbours, appeared a long black board, on which the worde,.' The Frlorn Hope,' were painted in laegu'whft t. In irons of the fanlffht thee wase ao ,lmap with the words, Refuge for Women and Girls,' In black letters, on bthe glass. Tbre wie no possible mistake as to the motse and obhareter of thisinstitu tion. Theo door iwong open at Valentie's touooh, -ad, as hebe-e d.ththres.bold, a woman in a black gowbh'and'white-cp same out of the garlor next the presq, and met him in the passage, It6ws 6 x Dailey.. The shepherdess wis iwavqit y to6 reoastieo the' lit sheep,. Thi rold was humble n natreeive, hot it meant what it offred- Ibelter. She started at eight of a Itll man in a for bordered eat-started again on reeognislang Valentise. SKi. Beleld T ihe eaeltimed. , Ype. I told you I should come to you soatr. Hedge, and yoo promised not to abut 'your ddo in Ny. sa s s.' '' '" am not likely ii do IbTh.t .bhotI d o't 44~10§91 W agto gesy long is this hId tet"we!h Ibse pairne r, a plainly trfeishad roaem, Yigtd by a. sheep paraffin lamp, nde. me shad e,-e-. et 6 il eebM tlll, sewialls gbi do stiee or dae pite fno I o rsepied Vin we reuihe ThoeI tabk e wase d 4ihlhbe' ht; led' ;wells 'weessi whl wished, the dies wad 'inearpeted, sad half' ajeais irl bhdtletift aibiin' etoplited abe tnasetnre of the rooalq bS all wa: erpo Shllne spokei. gs als fltaog a nltlem lasly ne ieat l rnd a ,. A ýfies e hosed e rhe ly sill She ower, ao awn epanwstrkhrans eadater'edeoage-h of brightness In the p oetuc. A uges Ienl has wee sngiag en h old-fashioneda bob..... \- U' te dowte, l cedg ptpleaer to a haur t , I Ia isdi o ird be y oui har eama 'lose oro Reicy-to fled. out for yo~nrsli -whethe w ire 'if'~oloi arod work-la~ order lbr~atyou'esaybe with -Sha spoke. Iaesd~floerio a l~ttle more deep moved aclePqwheae i thrt plea s the hoe would hera fer tto ' own to hernsel. The hemaeof obql fi.r nerly hfour yeere had hae ii'Iifeaom of fa'rgetfulnsae'.; hut it as note et oleda Hae s vsoe, hi fee, hed etMl a the power .te ewken arprnee. -anresoning glednaes, to gtrs life a new .to-Hdge I ha re come on a no- sh stoh ni Dsrand.. .1 confess to aia veri .err that youe..a rk.noh wmoertbea's or arl. am her frompor sIfshmzees. I rasseatn up kg m y ow earns tin own blrudanintoo herlaryfr and of into, nIght -or day, I em devoured by one ihuaght, one .iorop~'drl, tookis it her with eyes th·laurtreae eeirbly bright in' his pals -and haggard frae, with one atroag hand 'elanshdopona ta table hetesen them. 5The Parlors Hops, Hedge,' be said in a 'lfws-ole., eftsr.e few morn~nts' ellence,'t hoper that iou. wll ~plty ma when 00.005 -ales in this: world, exeopt ,my t~other; 'ean jatty me, koowiag alL; ,Ye, that you, know. ~lgany sind, might st~lt ptt -'me-might setul love meiS~~ He flung hlmslf onhie koere at her feet. 'Be sofedei her hs.4, ad,cotrsrd it with 'had ever moved her~londty cc she bad loved lbs hgsaptav,..·; \- She suetoh hre handd fro'hlll'r~s fdi:. "natylWlaekinhitbDIssi 'ngr .rpeee1 I thought ynakns~~ pp bettor than O 'talkt(o me in the. 016. ptreio, s~he bald. 'I "thought I had shownyonm that I em not the bp %opsCalitrd~'niftri I woaseo, Dot y hiO hg hs'1 eae`rr~~lUtkhb 'orget that you ee manoher womenl'sbus Pbtso o epsuo ssrsog....oe wer as. soshor. t-4l.i-'-M rw'ea yos wares ales man Yost ntIsowwrp kktir,'I t:,., I1,., !' .n; "I9 waseatrtseeulYoki ipsoundrit' ppniouatedldie d knew that yope were the ao 'woman apod this earth who eold have made my ife bappy-who might have Isfanimeed me for good. I-wad hemmed is and bound round by petty prejudiee., by bigoted belief in birth sad poesiomr What are birth ad position when weighed aatet the mobility eof £e oature wa yours? I raw in yoe only a beautiful peanant, whom it wa my boulses, s a gestlemas,so redoes. And when I saw that your reiatance was real and earnest, I loes my temper, and feaeed myself In love with another woman. It was pique that made me Bales Deveril'e lover.' He shaddered a be prononuced his wlfe' name. ! That is all peet and done with.' mid Madge, gravely. * I am very sorry that yew marriage added unhappily; but there ii a long Ulf before you yet, I-hope, and there most he something for you to do in it. And nouw I mos see after my patients. It Is tee time. Shall Imake you a cup of teat' She went to one of the presses, opened It, and began to take out cope and eneer.s, and little rockery teapots, and tays, and plates. Everyhibg was of the ebeaspest, but the thinge had been ahosen for; their prettineelr, ndthe little trays had a neat, and dainty look as those alive hands arruged them, esoh with its spotless lines d'oyley,, ' Yes, please. Isbhoold relish a up of cold water from your hand. And m7 mouth is parched and tll of dust after my tourney. Think of mg an te worset of your patisate. Havre yomany in the hosen , , 'Bery beds fulltexcept one. Ther is a girl of nianetes lu the next room;dylng. If you oud, hear her Lstory yos would bknow what mieerymesanse.' Sbe was moving to and fro between the press and the dreplaee. tllng her little tea* poet from the big tire kettle as she talked to him. *I:need not welt for that,.I know the meanig of misery.' . ' Ab, but not of ach misery as she has sauffered,' agtirlbood that has been one long degradation. Think of what it wai for thas girl to awakes to the Brsat eonscilosuess of Wrfe in the midst of sueh foulnsurroundimge as decent lips dare not name; to have been so reared as nso to know tshe meaning of ein till she was steeped in i$, blackened by it, dying of It. That in her history.' ' She ie what you call an interestinog case, I suppose.' 'bhe ia one among many 'Old andyouog come here every day, pleading for a 'orner to die I. That LI about all we cangivel yet awhile.'' SYou have done a good deal, I think,.lt establishing sunh a refuge.' ; SPeople are so kind.; Th poor : have helped me a mooh as the rise. Those who have behad no money to gtve;have brought ma little preseot out of their household goods, at a stoulme. This Iron kettle was brought by a widtwwho goe out abaring. It was a lgay from a bstcher' wife whom abhebad served for years. "It is too good for me. elater,' she said. " Any litle sn teo-kettle wll do to make my csop of tea." She klesed the kettle before mba handed Isto me, for love of her dead mistress.' She net one of. the tea trays before, him, with a little plate of bread and hbutter, such ae she had bees op ting for her patients. She rang a .bell, and a woman of about forty came into te room, dressed in a grey merio gown and awhite cap and pron. She looked like lady, bout she was very thi and gaunt, with a pai pinoohed face and a sad smile. She locked surprised at finding a stranger mated by the hearth. ' Sister Angela, Mr. BetfiSeld,' said Madge, by way of ltroduetion. 'Mr. Boleld lde good enoough to he Inaterested nto our work, setter.' Angela bowed, hbut made no reply. The two women took half a dozen of the little trays between them, and went away to attend to their patients, leaving Valentine to stare. into the fire and brood over his past life. He thought of thon eareless days on the river, with boat, sod dog. and Ran; the mier Idleness of feroy wbhio had led him to Madge Darley cotllage ; the hold her beauty had taken of him, and bhil soornfaoldhbelief In her virtue. And he now, cameto ibs woman in bie agoay, as ehe tee womanwho could give him. help and. comfort, whose etreeg-erave souil -oeld lnspire him with. coarage to begtn iks asuew. And ba leg Dome aintotble bhoose of pain, hbe falt as u. it eld be bs of ali to stay hare for ever, to Sber, elokl her ally, her drudge, only to have the privilege oft belg near her. H alnmost forgod:his eebgeqe of distant travel, he was ready to grovel at her feetand plead to berallowed to atayltabber. BShe was abeatsor more tma es hoor. He emptied o tea pot, and looked at hin warehb a dorse timeSw: before she ame back. SAse you serprileed to .eeme herm etll,.h aeked. " Ye, Ithought you wouldthave gone baok to your besel. This is not a place for you.' I soppoee not, yet you told me if I were to great distress I might coma to you for shelter. I hoped to end the name of your bone was hoe altopetbet a delumion-Ihe Forlorn Hope. 1 bave- no other hope, Madge.' ' Thait neet be, tn.,. Yoo bhave your mother. who adoes you. ' My othert easset help me to beer my burdeu. -It would blast her dmolltulg yeare, bring her Itn auoleh to the grave, to know the naturon of my misery. I wanS mome etioug boeor tto feih upon; I wrat some herole pnt to 4aepire me with 'oor e. MsadsI hasveo nse So ous-to, yu, o .gthe only women wh pa rseh,da .aey, l.gt upon .1W. darkeued spkn. I, ems: vler Olser than any ao your tus eheep.. bve pity oa e if you as, Mad for I am the adef-elauer whomaoonie Atie. I ems mdiderer", e elspd ees hat ii boaSh hi air, a drew her a tre 1 ~6 aJo 'looking op at bar with " amaldg pie, an he stood looking down uposs him, epeekleem with honor. 'Oh. Qodl I I bed1b th cfeateeles a-er lahed Ia my band, her awn dellberite deealrites that she bed ossad toloveme, and that' eshe wa aiutelyilbriev wlth sadother mas-tat thewainavlqg e ito bi bhie, pistreev A hlaspoat httekoia btiebaisa rpqd,Md ads The feltwas we:opo:the paper,'*ad ohs toetbe nore, *I eeeeeb to the grone Is seaeuelyosa blow,i ha It kiled hc. -Be. hwee the reediag el that intter eud her death, tShm weabot Alt inaterval at hatlf. donea ieo6nde.' The lab we. wet mill, sad khyan ling at mny feet lookIng op qt me 'Itwas .horlbl~,' gdaspe Idedgai 'to awfiol. ~ijirgeprpahletalamt-ol n~otpreordr. 'I: willest per e mueb we tbet., I talokk I wmneed.t killI.hsere I. woold have killed 'herr edacebred hbeheet there-bht I wee earry the Ineseat she wasdead. The macmy of remnormebsega bieferatbe t 1Ik wa dry.' you ehoo itavbr d eS 'th trouth you o bravntoooneaqoeumee.' '.I thupld, Iyea g io)ard eata fobtl a even, rfotrom the. oooeequenea of ,my retb. -.1 bed rictatto,) e anry. 'I Pr got bow fril a tbhiewa eeo *w.. Shefe.ik Ilily-s talwitellily aipped in a atorm. One moment, my pseeiou had vented iteIf, end ehe weade :'- And then bm went oa to deedber thet ghaetly bhriml of-the dead, iS-She -lleore of the emmer I h e dwelt on evuer etaoe..oft q disotal seee had gistoiii Ii' sI)I virus bie memory. B: recilrd 'they thne ebtddarrlngly, e a men reatee a bea dream while be baa dreamed agaio and D idno one upeet too?' N* l it ok htasefend me oua. There le w; mcim .6 p*ebloi be lg91 m kind of eaves 4rob~pper eu' apy-na lemswh on a viett 10 her!f~q~Hsid4woo pseeee, for a geanle, SYo mutat nit ie an trout n 'to vtl Sope epes e de.seedett might be h . .lda .aA ,rae soo I'etiddeh ath Yoo must phl hi tbe dfof jiel ry yeo. Go to Livarpool to aglh by She mmil sl"tLerpoonlia hiporltand aslarttmorow * I' Id a6 polay.* m i m * * l 'Bob if youriseseet wee. nu ignnapete, to leanr Engladthee weald look like fight,and only oonena empiaoir. Go at, e0e, while you are free to go." I have half mnled to stay ad aehe my ehbanese.' he answered thoghtfully. * If you weold be kfod to me, Medg-l you would let me seed a bhobr titeroom someimeu, hear the sound of your wele, watob yeor seclag be sad golea cat, I woald ratheracay e Laondon then go be Absa to look for diamonds and haboot big gasse I am sot the man I was-before that night, Madgle. When -when I had done that dseed, my first thought was to save my seck-to hide my orime and go scoot free. I thought life would be the smee as it had bean-the hooting field-the raeeoourse-the battune- al the same. I thought I could forget. But when the seaoue came round agalt, aed the old sports, and the old people my Gd, what a change. All the ect sad flavour were gone. I went about as if I was b a dream, only halt soneeboas of my own existense or the life road me. Wherever .I went, the cams haunting thoughts went with he, and a ghost that would soo be laid. Oh, Madge, you are stronger then I-braver, sobler., Pity me if you cans, as the strong ehould pity the weak.' 'I do pity you, poor srool, with all my heart,' abe answered, softly. She boeat over hiem sand ed his burning forehead. For the fest time i their lives, her lips toSuched him in love, freely given. * Geod bless yo; Madge, for that klas,' he faltered. * It shows me that you san pity me. Oh, my loe, don't banish me. Lot me stay near you-always. Let me serve you as a ave ceoves his master. Letme get a sclt. lfustian end cordoroy, in Lieon Grove, and carry coals and clean windowsfor yoo-uantll you have tiled me by years of faithful service, if you like. God knows I will be patient, In oonasiderlion of the wretb I am, and the when you have fond that there Is some good li me, let me be your heusband, and let us go away together to the end of.the world. If there is happinse for me upon this earth it most be loand with you.' Shealooked at him In silence, with a slow. lad smile, for some moments before she answered. SThat Li all a dream, Mr. Belseld, 'a feverishb dresam of yor poor sok soul. I have my duty bare, which I shall never leave 'and you have your duty to yoorself, ad to your mother and brother. Thlk bow their lives would be' darkeed by griefst and shams if-you were brought to aamwerfor your crime. and made to appear that whlsh yon were not-a deliberate murderer.' For their sake yon' ought to get' away while the' cost Ie clear. Begin e new life' in a new country.. id new douties, as :1 toond' 'ae' when my life was most desolale; and in doing your duty and saving the sounls of sionners, you may ind a 'all aicuement for your own si. And 'then the shadows will be lifted, the borden will be lessened, the light will some.' *1 canonot lter wilthout you, Madge I have yearned for you in my misery. Thae khiss has sealed me as your own for ever.' 'If you persist in -saying these things, I will never see you .gabn. Mr. Belfleld. I have done with love, and all thoughts of love. I have planad out my path in life, and mess to keep to is. And now I moust wish yoo good night, and ask you to leave thbls boose. I bh a great deal to do before bedtime.' * OCannot other people do it for you? Cannot you give one evening n yor life to my despair-you who do so mueh for others I' 'I am the head of lour little organlsation, and have to me that all. a don rightly. There are three and twenty poor or ailing girls and women in the house, and:onlythree sisters besides myself to see so them. We are a sisterhood of twenty-two. I am the only permanent residean. The other twentyone eash give one day and nlghtin every week to the work. They some at eight one evening and go away at eight on she followolg evening. It is one day taken from the week of worldly bousiness for the work of mercy. We ld atheb p]n works bhtter than many resident sisterhoode. , The teters are more aobeerul, better tempered, and in better health;.. Their lives are not monotonous. There Is no weariness, nopobung for esoepe lnto the outer world. They, always. bring a sntals ameant of freshne sto their work; and it makes bham happy to know -that bowever worldly the rest of their lives may be, one day out of seven e spent in doinog good.' 'The plan i your Invention, I suppose 2' 'Yes, it min.:;e.' SClear brain; ' strongheart I Why did I not know ydur veis four years ago? Well Madge, you ban eresived ma hkindly, and I won' impos ops yoor kindaese. God. night. 'I soJ s' apl goin tomorrow eventag.' 'Thtak better of it, and go to IvUpool by the ight meal,' 'Good lght,' he repeated, IgnorIng her advise. Good nlght.'' . ' They cleeped heandsad parted,. earely hbed the oater door abshot opon him, when she overed her faWe with her heads and burst Into Searn. Oh. my lere; my slnetailned love I' she mormored; Ioars for you more In your abesemeat thanu'I ever oared for you. yet. I would givemy ImtyWe oleed yen bask to hsppiness, if I had-ay hope you sald ever be happy. But the some of bloodle Is aON your sool, and what hope can there he for you on ibis lide of the gram? .' (5o uDsrrenAD.) 