-•TDiTTED FROlt SATC?.DAY:3 153 "E.] GAME OF CHANGE. BY ELLA. i. CURTIS, (sfiisifct smith), 'Author of ■" The Fayocp.it2 o? Fortune, Ail for Herself," " His List Stake, Etc., etc. CHAPTER XLY. Saved. -ine marriage was arranged, to take place at half-past eleven as the bride Wid bride groom were to leave by an «&rly; train in the afternoon for London fcn route for Paris ; and aoon after tea the streets. of the little to'ffn were Tilted to overflowing with sight seers wfee flocked in from the neighbour ing -villages. The tenanta on the estate, with theit wives and danghters, mastered in force, as they were to be regaled with a big dinner in the afternoon in honour of the event. The high road leading from the cVorch to the Park gates was lined on each side with carious spectators, and soon after eleven the carriages of the neighbouring gentry who had received invitations to the ceremony and te the wedding breakfast, began to drive up to ' the church in rapid succession. Ellen Bal four was busy long before eleven marshalling her little flock of school girls < they all wore fresh white frocks and carried baskets filled with flowers. Ellen herself te&cd; pretty and modest in her sort gown i>f gray cashmeres and wWta bonnet, bat she was very pale and nervous, and her eyes were constantly straying to the pa-h across the church meadows along which Charles Rossitur would oome from the farm s'3ter in good time, and re ported that he was coming, but that he would not allow her to wait for him. He is worse than usual this morning I am afraid,' she raid. ' I listened at his door several times last night, and 1 could hear him talking to himself, and even laughing in a way that made my blood rua cold to hear, tor I was afraid he was going^ 'cut'his throat or ahoot himself. When he came out to breakfast he sard tas all right, but he did not taste a mottthfal and I am sure he will not be abte to play to-day. Ttftoie ahe was still talking of him he came looking so handsome, but oh, so vofiill'y ill, Ellen thought. But he was perfectly calm and collected; in good spirits, .a stranger would have thought, for he said a gay word or two to Ellen a3 he shook hands ; laughed and pked with the little girls,, and took a white flower from the fullest basket to fasten in the button hole of his black velvet coat. The villagers always said he was affected in his dress, and he certainly did not look very like the son of a farmer, in his loose velvet coatj low turned down collar and care lessly knotted neckerchief of dark crimson silk. Perhaps it was that picturesque Bohemian costume that firat caught Lady Judith's fancy when he went to the Park to give her lessons on the organ. As soon a3 he and Ellen Balfour had mounted to the organ loft, hi*3 moodchanged. ' I do not know how it will be when I feel my fingera on the keys,' he said as he un 1 >cked and opened the instrument, ' but I do not think I can. play a note. My head aches so ■ fearfully that I should just like to knock it against the wall yonder and qniet it for evermore ! There ! That i3 better," he added presently as he seated himself and began to play. ' There is nothing like musit for chasing away, or charming, the evil spirits and the ghosts of the past that wa* the present only the other day I I wasted to come down here last night to try a voluntary that came into my head as I was lying aw&ke.; It went something like this.' He began to play, but presently wandered off in a feeble aimless manner and finally stopped • I cannot do it,' he said at last. 4 The in - apiration went with the night. 'The choristers are coming in,' said Ellen, who was looking over tho curtain that hung in front of the loft. ' Do you want the music of the hymn ] ' Of the wedding hymn 1 The "Voice V he said. ' Oh no ! I could play it in my aleep. My sleep !' he said dreamily. 'I wonder if I shall ever aleep again 1 Yea ; soundly to-night when it is all over and she can never tempt me again, I ahall aleep. The words fell from him alowly, and in a half whisper, but Ellen heard them only too distinctly and a. great terror cams over her that he was going mad. 4 Were you ever tempted, little Ellen?' he asked presently, looking up -with his beautiful pathetic eyes. But there was something more than pathos in them that day ; they were full of inarticulate pain. ' Have you ever known what it was to have tho happiness you dreamed of, and longed for with mad longing, put temptingly before your eyes, but between you and it a slouch of mud and mire you would have to wade through before you could grasp it ? Not ycu girl! Temptation i3 a word in your dictionary, not in your life ; a thousand times a day I call myself c.n idiot and a fool for resisting, and yet the mire and dirt would surely have choked me soma day. But I did no: hesitate a moment, Ellen ; remember that to my credit by and by. I flung it from ma and rushed out into dark ness. madness and despair! ' I wish you would let me play for you, and go home and lie doirn,' she said per suasively. ' This dreadful pain is too much for you. ' Only half an hour mora, Ellen,' he answered ' and then I ahall lie down and re3t, and sleep too. But I mu3t play the wedding march a3 goes oat of church—a wife ! See ! I am all right now. My fingers are quite strong and steady. Let me have a peep at all the fine folk, ho added, getting up and looking over the curtain. ' What a lot of swells in pretty clothes ! Ellen, what would they do if they had to walk through a pool of blood down there to their carriages ; or if it dripped down upon them as they pi33ed out ! ' Oh, pray do not talk in that wild way •' cried Ellennow seriously alarmed. 'Where i3 Alice ■ I wish she was here. ' Xever mind Alice ; wo do not want her. She is not quiet like you, Ellen, and I am talking nonsense ! My head is light for want of sleep, and there is the signal for me to begin. Tell rne what you think of the bridegroom, Ellen ? He is too old for her ; but he is very kind and good. Now then.' Ho began the hymn 'The voice that breathed o'er Eden,' and the choir began to sing as soon as the bride was inside the church. Rossitur seemed calm now, and he asked no more questions. Ellen stood j looking over the curtain, admiring, girl like the brilliant throng, and the beautiful group formed by the bride and her train of bridesmaids. As 300n a3 the ceremony began, Rosaitur, left his seat and joined her; not a muscle of his face moved as he listened to the exhor tation; but when it mme to the bride's turn to plight her troth he turned away with a gesture incomprehensible to his companion, and seated himself again at the organ. 1 Come and stand by me with the prayer book. Ell-en,' h'<? trh'J^Ved ' that I may kn°— wlic-rt '.tij; 'arijeii' cornea in. Mter that he went through his part of the 52rrice -without a mistake; but when the wedding party went into the vestry to sign the register, he covered his eyea with hi3 left hand and sat motionless. Ellea stood watching him, and she noticed that his right hand waa hidden in the inside breast pocket of his coat. It was on that spot she kept her eyes; why fche hardly knew, but she faneied he was hiding something there. Presently she whispered. ' They are coming out. Can you play the March] For one moment he looked at her with a puzzled expression a3 if he did not under stand what she said, then he drew his hand from his pocket and began to play the well known Wedding March as it had nev&r; been played in that church before. It wa3 too fast and much too loud, and the reverberating chords echoed through the building. Lady Judith Mil banke looked up at .the curtained gallery and wondered, t/ b.t was alcrne there. "With A sudden break in the rnnsic the Starch ceased, and sAft and lew came a few bars of ' Wilh Verclafe Clad.' Bat that also broke o3 abruptly, and the exquisite melody 1 melody 'Oh, for the wings of a Dove,' floated out and thrilled every ear with its unexampled sweetness. ' What is the organist about? Is he mad this morning?' said one guest to another down below. Yes; what was he about, and waa he mad? Entranced with the music she loved, Elien forgot her fears; but she was recalled to her self by a shock so appalling that to her dying day she never forgot it. With the cunning of madness, and he waa mad, poor fellow,; that day Rossitur notified her preoccupation; ho continued to hold some chorda with hia ' left hand, and hia right glided again to the pocket of hia coat. The chords became discord, and, with her attention partially aroused, Ellen looked it him and, at first noticed nothing except that he waa pulling &t; his necktie as if it were choking him. The next moment, with a cry for help that rang through the building, she flung herself upon him,; and with all her strength fought with him for the open pen knife he held in hia hand. He had already given one wild gaah to hia throat, and if her slender fingers nerved with the force of horror and despair had not closed upon his, he would presently have lain dead at her feet. At laat, with one desperate effort, 3he wrenched the knife away; flung it high above the curtain, and heard it ring aa it fell into aisle below. {TobioontinurA.) 