t: rape Shot. Son rises 6.39 sets 5.21. Moon sets 9.54 to night, 10 53 Saturday, 11.55 Sunday night. Earthquakes are uowhere now. The North has got a ghost. Tu quoque retorts to that unparliamentary language charge. Coondambo is abort of five gallon buckets. All the Flinders boxes in but Yardea. Our Horn is exalted, though not to Buch an altitude asW&B; expected. An Adelaide Trades and Labor Councillor declares that a Chinaman is not a man. Our Governor convenes a meeting of Adelaide ladieB to arrange for a Women's Jubilee Fund and address. Mr Glynn, the new member for Light, interviews the C.P.W. on behalf of Eapunda unemployeds. Survey of the Silverton tram line complete. From Cockburn to Silverton 20 miles, Broken Hill 16 miles further. Stanley, one of the principal witnesses in the Mount Rennie outrage case, is missing. His life had been repeatedly threatened, Lad} Loch, Lady Carrington, and Lady Musgrave, respectively Governesses of Victoria, NS. Wale«?, and Queensland take up the Women's Jubilee Fund racket. Week's bicycle tournament in the Mel bourne Exhibition buildingB now on. Distance of principal event 750 miles, competitors to ride 10 hours a day for 6 days. Twelve started, but there were such a lot of spills aod smashes that all but five retired before the first 10 hours was up. Clarke's record was 147, and Bolfe's 146. •Annual meeting of A.M.P. members at Sydney last Tuesday. Pension to late Secretary disapproved. Anti-Chinese gold mining crusade started again, on the faith of a statement that some Chinamen and a Caucasian got l,100oz. of gold from 38 tons of stone at Eleanor Creek, N.T. Tasmanian Ministry decided, contrary to the advice of their Engineer-in-Chief, to construct the Derwent Valley railway by day labor instead of contract. The Associated Banks of NS. Wales inform the Treasurer of that colony, that its overdraft limit must be reduced from £2,350,000, to £1,650,000. The Victorian Government announce that they cannot find work for Sydney unemployeds. As the N.S.W. Assembly has decided that Government railway locomotives should be made in the colony, tenrlerB for 50 engines have been calle l, English and American tenders previously invited to be set aside. Adam Munro's tender lowest of five for the Coward Springs railway station buildings. Special prison to be built at Pentridge, Melbourne, for the accommodation of 200 female convicts. The Victorian Premier suggests that the Imperial Government should make Albany, Western Australia, a sanatorium for Indian troops, and thus garrison it on the cheap. The Victory quartz mine, Teetulpa, registered in Melbourne as a No-Liability Company in 24,000 shares at £1 each. The Brisbane publicans propose the formation of a Federal Australian Licensed Victuallers Association. Pourquoi ? It is suggested that the Queen's list of itles should be increased in this jubilee year of her reign by proclaiming her Empress of Australasia, Canada, and South Africa, as well as of India. Those Bussophile Bulgarian malcontents have actually tried to blow up Colonel Popoff, the Commandant of the So6a garrison. The gallant colonel's patTonymie is strongly suggestive of dynamite. The Under Secretary for India says that the Ameer of Afghanistan has now got those insurrectionary Ghilzais under the whip. The Queensland police have found a travelling saddler near Thelunga station with a bullet hole iu his head. His name was Frederick Hodges, and he was born in Adelaide. Tasmania promises to contribute her mite to the proposed Antarctic exploring expedition. Glasgow University has conferred the degree of D.D. on that arch-heretic Charles Strong, ex-pastor of Scots Church, Melbourne. What will the Melbourne Presbytery say ? Richard LeBlie, of Brighton, Victoria, has deceased, leaving £18,000 to the Anglioan Bishopric and Cathedral funds of Melbourne. The Melbourne Centennial Exhibition Commission have reduced their annex architect's commission to per cent. The co6t of the work will be about £70,000. It appears that the Territory's Parsons bas gone to Hong Kong, come back to Port Darwin, and is now en route for Adelaide, via Sydney. It's oilds that lie has said a fiual good bye to Port Darwin. The City Corporation have decided to celebrate the Queen's jubilee by illuminating Adelaide, giving the unemployeds a free feed, and proueehiug the City school children. The Australian Smelting and Refining Company has bought seven aires of ground at Dry Creek on which to erect smelting works. Wonder will the wet process be adopted. Man reported missing in the Eucla country. He carried a revolver, was believed to be cracked, and said he had walked from Port Augusta. As he bas bfaen lost seven weeks, it's hardly worth while hunting up his-remains. The Wimmera Shire Councils ask the Victorian Government to subsidise the money they spend on rabbit killing at the rate of £3 to £1. S. T. Douglass, a Melbourne builder and land speculator, bas failed for £200,000. He ought to have formed a " Syndicate," and thus distributed the liability. Tbe Victorian railway employes have subscribed £1,000 to the Buiii Relief Fund. The long- sentence prisoners in Darlinghurst Gaol (N.SAV.) petitioned to be let out this year, on account of the Jubilee. Modest request refused. Young Sydney barrister succumbed o chloroform inhaled by him to relieve asthma. Dr Allan Campbell suggests the provision of a Children's Sanatorium in the Adelaide hillp, to be worked in conjunction with the Children's Hospital, as a Jubilee memorial. James Service and Alfred Deakin have stirred up Lord Salisbury considerably over that Nvw Hebridean question. Graham Berry and Griffith took part in the assault ; even the beknighted Wisdom of New South Wales joined in ; and the Bell of New Zealand alone stood up for tbe Foreign Office. Victoria's Minister of Education proposes a new kind of intercolonial match —50 school children aside,to be examined by disinterested educational experts. N.S. Wales and South Australia invited to compete. 