[BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] An attempt was made on the part of the Selby police yesterday to seize a quantity of liquor at various unlicensed houses along the Scottsdale i all way. A good deal of sly-grog selling is still going on according to all accounts, but yesterday's foray was not very successful, the only sport obtained being about 10 gallons of beer and a few bottles of spirits from the Chester Club near the tunnel, the proprietor of which was recently fined for sly-grog selling. Some disappointment was experienced this afternoon from the non-arrival of the whole of the Derwent crew for the Ladies' Purse, as people here were looking forward to a big contest for this race. As yet only Messrs. Robinson and Todd have arrived, A great number of boats were out to-night for the finishing spins, and a successful day is expected to-morrow, provided only that the clerk of the weather is propitious. Mr. Locke Richardson, the celebrated reciter, gave his first recitation to- night at the Mechanics' to a good house. The subject chosen was " Dicken's Christmas carol," than which few more popular Samples of Dickens could have been chosen. Mr.' Richardson certainly represented it in a style which came up to Thackeray's conception of it as the grandest charity sermon ever preached. He is possessed of a voice well suited to the more tender and pathetic parts of the story, and has a happy sense of the humourous, which he is able to convoy in its entirety to his audience, while his dramatic action is quite up to the requisite pathos, and for fully enforcing the details of the lighter parts of the story. He identifies himself fully with the various characters in these portions of the recital, but in those in which a more intense passion is required his voice is hardly full and rich enough to give their full force to the passages calling for it, while the parenthetical transitions from grave to gay are hardly abrupt enough, and it seemed as if the impression of the more serious passages lasted too far into the lighter and more humorous pictures with which Dickens delights to relieve anything of too sombre a 'hue. His representation of Scrooge in fall of a grim kind of humour, but the characteristics of Sorooge's voice remain when he is imitating the rich and genial tone of Fuziwig for a time at all events, but once entered fully into the genial atmosphere of FizziwigV party the tone changed, and he is quite in his element. So also with "Bob Crabbe's Christmas Dinner," with which his audience was highly delighted in fact, the whole of graves, where Scrooge is accompanying the ghost of the Christmas present, was a highly realistic recital, which was appreciated at its due value. As a, dramatic representation the story does not give as much scope to a display of his powers as will Twelfth Night, which is in to-morrow's programme, but Mr. Richardson proved to-night that he is possessed of sufficient power to intensify in no small measure any of his recitals, and to ensure the unwearied attention of his audience for two or three hours to any popular work that can be compressed into a com- mensurate space. Every Englishwoman will remember now useful Hudson's Extract of Soap was in the Old Country for washing cleaning, and scouring everything. You can obtain a lb, packet from every storekeeper In the colony. Ask for it, and see that the trademark, 'Ann and Dolly," is on every packet -of AiWt A LADY'S WISH,-',' Oh, how I do wish my skin was as clear and fit it as yours !" said a lady to a friend, it You can easily make item;" answered the friend. "How" inquired the first lady. By using Dr. Soule's Hop Bitters, that makes pure rich blood and blooming health. It did it forms as you observe." stand. 