THE EASTERN QUESTION. jo the Editor of the Ovens and Murray Advertiser. MB, — In conclusion, are not these themes more worthy of beinar studied taught and expatiated upon by the clergy, than their often studiously elaborate analyses or single texts, a3 simply whiling away the brief Sabbath sermon periods and often thenceforth utterly forgotten '?" &c.; Such is the finishing paragraph of the writer on the " Eastern Question," whe has been, like Job and his comfort ers, " darkening counsel by words without knowledge" on the connection between the prophetic utterances contained in God's Word and the state of affairs in the East, past, present and future. I crave your permission, Mr Editor, for space to lift up my protest against any such misuse by the clergy of the high and holy position they have been called upon to occupy. What said the Saviour to his disciples, "Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptiz ing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teach ing them to observe all things, whatsoever I have commanded you." So testifies Matthew. " Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature." So testifies Mark. Luke testifies that Jesus said, " Thus it behoved Christ to -suffer, and to rise from the dead the third day, and that repentance and remission of sins should he preached in his name among all nations and further, in the Acts of the Apostles — the first chapter — we learn more of what the Saviour said just before he was removed from earth. The disciples, like our friend J.W.B., anxious to pry into the future, came to him with the question, "Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?" and he said unto them " It is not for yon to know the times or seasons which the Father hath put inHiaown power." What said Paul, "Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us, we pray you, in Christ's stead, he ye reconciled to God." And "farther, I would advise J.W.B. to read Paul's Epistles to Timothy and Titus, to find out what his ideas were as to the duty of a minister, the themes which ought to occupy his attention, and be the subjects of his teaching— also tlie prophetic warn ing he gives to Timothy, " that the time will come when men will not endure sound doctrine," having itching ears, &c.; I, in my innocence, and maybe ignorance. feel that the clergy should give more heed to the wishes and will of the Lord Jesus Christ and the teachings of the great apostle of the Gentiles than to the con clusion of the learned writer of the paper above referred to. Might not the words of Festus to Paul be used to our friend ? Is he Dot just a little beside himself, having so surrounded hijn- self with an atmosphere of coming events, the precessian of the equinoxes and other astronomical and geological facts, that he can see nothing else, sees not the sin and misery caused by sin which is about him, sees not the young growing up without a saving knowledge of God, eees not the ignorance in which multitudes are living, knowing not the great secret of how to live right by being at peace with God through Jesus Christ our Lord. No, he appareutly sees none of these things, . nor that it is the duty of the clergy to preach the Gospel — whether men will hear, or whether they will forbear to do their duty to' their Master — warn the wicked of their ways, and point them to a better way, that they may be made partakers of the good hope of immortality, and so live on earth as te make all who are around them better and happier, and make this world, so far as they can, more ready t« acknowledge the King Jesus, "King of Kings, and Lord of Lords." If our learned frio««i ««.«» A«» that preaching hy his method < will make men better than Christ's way and Paul's way, then we and the clergy might give heed to him and read bis utterances with respectful attention ; bnt this he cannot do. In conclusion, if the clergy are so remiss in their duty as he points out, why does he not come forward as the apostle of his cherished ideas 1 There is, doubt less, some building in the town which might be hired, and there he might carry on his peculiar mission, and supply the spiritual food the regularly ordained clergy refuse or are unable to supply. — I am, yours obediently, THOMAS. Beechworth, Aug. 26. 