? CEREMONIES. HOLT WEEK. The week before Easter, on account of the variety of its solemn ceremonies, has been called by some Pasnosa, from the painful sufferings which our Lord endured for the punishment of sin; by others Sehdomeda Indulgentice, or the week of pardon, because of the absolution anciently granted to the public penitents ; but St. John Chrysostom calls it the Great Week, which name it still retains in the Roman Missal and Breviary, because it is this week that the Church, according to her ancient custom, brings forth children to her heavenly Spouse by baptism—reconciles sinners to Him by penance—consecrates ministers for His altar, and invites all the faithful to His table, there to be fed with the same body that was slain for them. Moreover, we see that it is at this time she still blesses the materials for her greatest mysteries, viz., the water for baptism, and the oils for extreme unction, confirmation, ordination, and the consecration of altars and churches. It is no wonder, then, that this week is called Holy Week, when such holy mysteries and sacred ceremonies are the subject of its solemnities. PALM SUNDAT is so called in honour of the triumphant entry of Jesus Christ into Jerusalem, when many of the Jews cut off branches from the trees, and strewed them in the way through which he was to pass. It is in memory of this triumph that palms are blessed, distributed, and carried in solemn procession by the faithful, who hold them in their hands whilst the history of the Passion is read out of St. Matthew's Gospel, to signify that they are to partake of the triumph of Jesus Christ, by virtue of his death and passion. We may also observe that Christ enters into Jerusalem on the day that answers to the tenth of the moon, when the Jews brought the lambs that were to be killed and eaten on the passever to their houses (Exod. xxi.), in memory of their deliverance from the slavery of Egypt, and of their entrance into the land of promise by their miraculous passage through the Red Sea. Hence, in the procession of this day, the door of the church is opened when knocked at with thefootof thecross, signifying not only the triumphant entry into Jerusalem, but also that the gates of the celestial city were opened Eor us, by Christ, the true Paschal Lamb, who died on the cross to redeem us from the slavery of sin. THE TENEBB.E. On Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday evenings are sung the Office called Tenebrae; arranged under the titles of Matins and Lauds for Maunday Thursday, Good Friday, and Holy Saturday. It takes the name of Tenebrae from the ceremony of gradually extinguishing the candles, till at last the Office concludes in total darkness. On these three days the Church lays aside all the psalms and hymns of praise, etc., for the instruction of her children, etc., which she retains in her Office during the rest of the year; now there is no solemn invocation of God's assistance at the beginning of the Matins and Lauds; no Gloria Patri at the end of the psalms; no hymns of divine praise; ho blessing asked by the reader of the lessons; no little chapters read by the priest for the instruction of the people; no Dominus vobiscum, to bless the faithful ; no Oremus to desire their concurrence, or no Amen to express their consent. By all these omissions the Church expresses her concern, trouble, and confusion for her expiring Lord; and, therefore, the psalms and lessons, of which this Office is composed, scarcely breathe anything else but sighs ana lamentations for his sufferings and death. The six candles on the altar, and the fifteen placed on the epistle side, all burning at the beginning of the Office signify the light of faith preached by the prophets and Jesus Christ: the fundamental article of which is the mystery of the Blessed Trinity, represented by the triangular candlestick. At the end of each of the fourteen psalms, during the Matins and Lauds, the candles in the triangular candlestick are extinguished; and at the end of every second verse of the Benedictus, those on the altar are put out, one by one, to teach us that the Jews were totally deprived of the light of faith, when they put our Saviour to death. But the fifteenth candle, a white one, placed on the top angle, which represents the light of the world, Jesus Christ, is concealed for a time at the end of the altar, and afterwards brought out burning; to signify that, though Christ, according to bus humanity, died, and was laid in a sepulchre, yet he was always alive, according to his divinity, by which he aised his body again to life. The darkess while the Miserere and prayer Herpice are said, reminds us of the darkness which covered the whole earth at his death; and the noise made at the conclusion represents the convulsions of nature for the loss of its Author, when the earth trembled, the rocks were rent, the graves were opened, and the veil of the temple was torn from the top to the bottom. JIAUNDAY THURSDAY Is so called from the anthem, Mandatnm, sung during the ceremony of washing the feet. The Mass of this day, contrary to the Office, is of the Holy Eucharist, and therefore a subject of joy and thanksgiving, expressed by the ringing of bells, and the white colour of the vestments and ornaments of the altar. For though the Church be wholly taken up this week with the Passion of Christ, and for that reason ordained the least of Corpus Christi, a day of particular thanksgiving for the institution of that sacrament; yet she could not refrain from some expressions of her joy and gratitude, on the very day whereon our Lord was pleased to ordain so great a wonder of his love. But after singing the Gloria in Excelsis, the bells are silent, till the same angelical hymn is repeated at Mass on Holy Saturday, in honour of the wonderful silence of our blessed Saviour during his passion, as well as to express the silent mourning of the Church for the death of her Spouse. _ The Rubric prescribes the consecration of. two hosts: one for the Mass of this day, the other to be carried in solemn procession to a throne on another altar, which, according to a very ancient custom, is adorned with lights, flowers, jewellery, and tapestry, where it is kept with great splendour till the time of Mass to-morrow, the church door being kept open till late in the evening, to give the faithful an opportunity of returning thanks for this inestimable sacrament on the very day of its institution, by their frequent visits to this place, where it is reserved. The reason of removing the Blessed Sacrament to another place is, that the devotion of the Passion at the chief altar of the church, where it was begun the evening before, at the Tenebrae (and is continued these three days without any pomp or magnificence), might not be interrupted. After the Vespers, the priest, with his ministers, by taking away the linen cloths, with all their other ornaments, leaves the altar bare and naked. The antiphon, Dioiseriint, and the Psalm Dens, Dews mens are sung by the choir during this ceremony, which represents he stripping our Saviour of his garments, or which the soldiers cast lots, and ivided among themselves. And the akedness of the altar signifies that hrist in his passion lost all his beauty nd _ majesty, and was in a manner eprived or the glory of his divine ature. GOOD FHIDAY. On this day the church offers no acrifice, nor is there any consecration of he Holy Eucharist; the Priest receiving he Sacred Host which was consecrated he day before. So that in the Office erformed, instead of the Mass, she conents herself with the bare representation f the Passion of Jesus Christ. To this nd, she reads such lessons, tracts, etc., s contain predictions of his coming for heir redemption, and types immolation n the cross; and afterwards the history f his Passions as related by St. John, to show how the law and the prophets were verified by the gospel. By these lessons the faithful are instructed in the mystery of this day, and therefore beg with the priest that the fruit of the Passion may be applied to all sorts of persons, even schismatics, heretics, Jews and pagans. None are excluded from the suffrages of the Church on a day when Jesus Christ prayed for his persecutors, and offered his blood to his Father, even for the salvation of those by whom it was shed! Next, both priest and people express their adoration to Jesus Christ crucified, by kneeling thrice before they kiss the sacred wounds represented by his figure on the cross. By this ceremony, some Protestants think us guilty of idolatry, especially since the Rubric call it the Adoration of the Cross,- tind the choir at the same time sing, We adore the Cross, O Lord, Sfc. But we' presume they will give us leave to know the meaning of our own words and actions, and hope they will believe us, when we tell them, that our genuflexions, and kissing of the cross, are no more than exterior expressions of that love which we bear in our hearts towards JeBUS Christ crucified, and that the wordis adoration and adore, as applied to.the cross, only signify that respect and veheration which is due to things immediately relating to God and his service. 1 After this ceremony, the priest brings back the Blessed Sacrament from the throne to the altar, with" the same solemnity as it was carried from thence on Thursday, and finishes the Office by receiving the sacred Victim that was slain for the redemption of mankind. HOLT SATDBDAY. The word night used in the benediction of the Paschal Candle, the Collect, the Preface, and Communicantes, show that the Office "and Mass of this day were formerly said in the night, to honour the time of our Saviour's resurrection : and we may suppose the anticipation of this Office to be an indulgence granted by the Church to the faithful, rendered incapable of watching at midnight by the long penitential fast of Lent. The altars are again clothed with the ornaments of which they were divested on Maunday Thursday, and a new fire is blessed to illuminate them. The office begins by lighting a triple candle to signify that the faith of the Blessed Trinity proceeds from the light communicated to us by Christ, now arisen from the dead. The paschal candle, blessed in the next place by the deacon, is a figure of the body of Jesus Christ, and not being lighted at first, represents him as yet dead, as the five blessed grains of incense fixed therein denote the aromatic spices wherewith he was embalmed in the sepulchre; when lighted, it represents his rising again to life; and the subsequent lighting of the lamps and the rest of the candles, teaches the faithful that the resurrection of the members will follow that of the Head. After this ceremony, the Church, in order to dispose the catechumens for a worthy receiving of baptism, reads twelve lessons out of the Old Testament, called Prophecies, and after each lesson a solemn prayer; by which she not only instructs them in the effects of that Sacrament, but also begs for them, of i Almighty God, all its advantages. The reason why the Church appointed this time for the solemn administration of baptism, was on account of its being so lively a representation of the resurrection, which she now solemnises: for as Christ was laid in the sepulchre truly dead, and came out again truly alive, so is the sinner buried in the baptismal water, as in a mystical grave, and taken out again animated with a new life of grace. Before the administration of the Sacrament, the baptismal font is blessed with several mystical ceremonies:—1. The priest divides the water in the form of a cross, to teach us that it confers grace and sanctity by the means of Christ crucified. 2. He touches it with his hand, praying that it may be free from all impressions of evil spirits. 3. He ' signs it thrice with the sigu of the cross, i to bless it in the name of the Holy ' Trinity. 4. He parts it with his hand, } and casts out some of it towards the four ' parts of the world, to instruct us that the grace of baptism, like the rivers of Paradise, flows all over the earth. 5\. He blows thrice upon it in the form of a cross, beseeching God to bless it by the infusion j of His Holy Spirit, that it may receive the virtue of sanctifying the soul. 6\. He plunges the paschal candle thrice into it, praying that the Holy Ghost may descend upon it as He did at the baptism of Christ in the waters of the Jordan. 7\. He i mixes holy oil and chrism with it, to i signify that baptism consecrates us to • God, and gives us spiritual strength to I contend with and overcome all the enemies of our soul. After the benediction of the font, the sacrament is solemnly administered to such as are prepared to receive it, and j then the Litanies and Mass are sung, to obtain of God, through the intercession of the saints, that the newly baptized may persevere in the grace they have received. In the Mass incense is offered at the gospel, to represent the perfumes cairied by the women to our Saviour's monument; but no lights are borne as at other times, because neither they nor the apostles did as yet believe Hii resurrection, and for the same reason the creed is not said. The Offertory, the Kiss of Peace, and the Communion are also omitted, because the faithful did not receive the BlessedEucharistat this Mass, but waited till Easter-day, when, together with the newly baptized, all others who were prepared were admitted tocommunion 