I ST. STEPHEN'S CHURCH.PRESBYTERIAN The jubilee service at St. Stephon's, Phillip Street took placo in tho morning, and was well attended. In com- pliance with the express desire of her Mtijesty, a special prayer was offered up, and the hymns and lessons wore appropriate to the occasion. For the sermon tho Rev. Dr. Steel selected as the text tho 1st Book of Chronicles, 29th chapter, and 29th and SOtli versos-"Now the acts of David the King, first and last, bohold they aro writton in the history ot Samuel tho Soor, and the history of Nathan the Prophet, and in the history of Gad the Seer; with all his reign and his might, and the tinioa that went over him, and over Israel, and over all tho kingdoms of the countries." He said that it was 60 years since nor Majesty Queen Victoria began to reign, and it was therefore very appiopriate that she should request all her subjects 1o unite in thanksgiving to Almighty God for many mercies vouchsafed during her reign, and for tho loyalty of her faithful subjects throughout her dominions. In responding to this very raie request in a century, it was becoming to review the life of the Queen and the historv of her roign in a religious spirit. The text was on example of such religious review of a reign. It was dono by acknowledged religious teachers of tho age. iNo men were more capable, none stood higher in point of character, wisdom, and literary ability, than Samuel tho Seer, Nathan the Prophet and God the Seer. They wore con- temporaries during a portion of the roign, Samuel at tho beginning and tho others at the end. Contemporary litera turo was thus occupied in a religious record and estimate of the life and reign of the great Monarch of Israel. It was bocoming now, in order to make their thanksgiving service moro intelligent and hearty, to review the life and reign of the Queen during a period of 60 years. Alter referring to the personal history of the Queon and the advantages she derived from being born and bred in a home of purity and pioty, he passed on to tho period of her Majesty's elevation to the throne, her marriage with the Prince Consort, and the conspicuous virtue of their lives; their manifest devotion to tho publio good, and the effective discharge of their family and public dutios, which their position imposod. He said, using tho words of a well-known historian, that " Their example confirmed, and powerfully reinforced the influences which st that time ushered in a higher moral tone tuan hud distinguished previous reigns. The sorvice thus rendered to tho nation was valuable beyond all estimate." As a woman, wife, mother, and widow, her Majesty's character had been exemplary. The text suggested several linos in reference to the nation and other kingdoms dependent upon it, and there was no period moro remarkable m tho history of political reform in tho United Kingiom than that which was embraced within her Mojesty's reign. A few yeal s prior to the opening of hor roign tho British people were in a transition from the old government of a privi- leged class to government by the people themselves for their best interests. The Reform Bill was to that year tho greatest political event of the 19th century for tho British people, and bogan that expansion which had extended to the enfranchisement even of the agricultural labourers. Slavery had bfen abolished throughout the British do- minions, municipal government placed in tho hands of tho ratepayers, Roman Catholic disabilities had been romovod in relation to Parliament, and in tho reign of Victoria tho hours of labour in faetones wero greatly limited, and that of children regulated to allow timo for their education. The penal codo was extensively reformed, transportation ended, prison reform was promotod, and other important benefits woro conferred upon the nation, and at last an attempt was modo to reduce to ordor and jnstico tho chaos of Government in Ireland during centuries of wrong. Though not freo from wars-that sport of kings and curso of peoples-there had been grcator humanity in their course, and thoy had within the last half of tho Queen's reign been tempered by an exhibition of surgical and hospital attention, which had roflectod undying honour upon the modicul profession and the self-sacrificing nursing of devoted women. The re- verend gentlemen then proceeded to dilate upon the remark- able development of the colonies during her Majesty' reign the immense strides taken by trades, manufactures, and commerce throughout Great Britain, and tho wonderful ad- vancement of Science and the Useful arts. The progress ot literature and the uno arts was another characteristic of tho times in which the Queen had reigned ; and during the samo period there had been k revival of religion from tho carelessness of the Georgian era. Tho churches had been roused to zeal and activity, and a vast airayof spiritual forces had boen put into operation. In former cms religion depended largely upon the State ; in the Victorian era its now life had been developed by the Christian people in the extension of churches and the multiplication of efficient agents. Wherever they looked at presents-at the closo of 50 years of her Majesty's reign-the Jubilee aspect of Christian life and work throughout the Empire was eheoring and fruitfnl, and for the first time in 250 years the Bible hod boen revised by competent scholars. There had been many improvements in the established churches too. Great efforts had been mado by thoso de- pendent upon voluntary efforts to reach the neglected and diffuse the gospel. The increase had multiplied, and to-day great numbers of Christian congregations raised their thanksgivings to Almighty God for the blessings of Queon Victoria's reign. 1 he Presbyterian Church had made re- markable progress in the reign of the Queen. Thoy had had monarchs who affected to despise, and somo who openly persecuted thom. Queen Victoria had written far moro "gracious words regarding its services as engaging her mind and appealing to her heart nnd giving her comfort, than has beon recorded by her of tho national Church of England. It was true that hor published notes were con- fined to her lifo in the highlands. It had not boen by royal patronage that tho Presbyterian Church had flouri -.bed, but during tho lost 60 years tFio numbor oi congregations in Scotland had doubled, in England tiley had increased, and in Ireland thoy had united and extended. In Canada tho Presbyterian Church had increased sixfold. In Australia, in 1837, there were not 10 Presbyterian Churches, now there were 500. In 1837 the Presbyterian Churches of Great Brimin raised less than £5000 a yonr for foreign missions, the Church of Scotland with difficult)- raised £3000, and | now tho contributions were nearly £70,000. Tho prosent reign had also been an activo era in missionary enterprise, and the progross of social reform and philanthropic agenoy had beon remarkable. There had been many instruments raised np during the Victorian era to guido and uid tim progress of the people God had given them to tbo people in His holy Providence. Ho had shown what' efforts did most to promoto tho real welfare of mankind-not wars, which waste and destroy, but peaceful efforts to raiso and bless, restore "and save. Thoy might thoreforo gratefully own his hand in the life nnd reign of tho Queen, and in tbo times nnd contemporary events whioh had accompanied that reign. There wore many evils yet oxisting, many now in our very freedom coming moro fully out in mis- chievous forces, but if thoy wero true to thoir principles, thoir constitution and religion fhey might sfom tho tide and aid in making tho Socialistic movemonts moro in harmony with the Gospol of Christ and the government of the pooplo for moral and social benefit. That Gospol was for no privileged class, but for all mankind. It favoured ordor, good government, and justice, but it disapproved of nil tyranny, injustice, and wrong. Its design was to make sinful men holy by its message of forgiveness, and its sanctifying grace, and to mako all men brothors. to respect euch other's personal honour and rights. Ita law was righteousness nnd its sentiment lovo. Its life was moral purity and preparation for heaven. Tho kingdom of God was not meat and drink, but righteousness, pence, und joy in the Holy Ghost evon on earth, and heraldod and prepared the day when tho kingdoms of the earth should be kingdoms of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. The congregation then sang the 7th hymn (National Thunksgiving) to the tuno of the National Anthem, averse of which was also sung, and the service, which was throughout impressive, closod with the Benediction. In the afternoon a Volunteer church parade was held at St. Stophen's, the interior of which was decorated with flags and flowers for the occasion, and an appropriate sermon was delivered by the Rev. A. Osborno, military chaplain. The Rev. Dr. Steel again officiated in the eyoning, and praaohod upon the duties of Christian citizon ship. 