Miscellanea. Miss Mi:cxik Pai.mkii and eompmy opsn at, the Gaiety to-night in ' Pert.' They arrived safely in iirikbaiio yesterday per steamer Kano lagh. The company and tho scenery will bo the same as plteed before tho Sydney and Mol 1 ourao lmblic. Thu box plan ia bi'ing rapidly tilled up. At tho Theatre Koyal to-night a new play entitled ' Gniltlcfis,' will bu produced for tho first timo in Brisbane. This play had a ro markublu success in Londem, and it ulio.uuls with HtrikitiK i-ituntions and has a good plot. Mr. W. J. iiolloway and Miss JonyiiB sustain the lending characters. The Matron of the Diamantinii Orphanage, desires to acknowledge with thanks, tho follow ing gifts for the children ; A caso of oranges from Mrs. W. Graham, cakus from Mm. Stuart, clothing from Mrs. Corrigau, Sandgate, nnd lollies from Mrs. Thorn, Sandgntfl. g.Bv advertisement it will bo seen that Mr. Pain piomiBCS to give, on tho Queen's Birthday, tho largest displny of fireworks ever seen in Aus tralia. This pyrotechnist ib already so favour ably known that it is almost needless to remark that we have eveiy confidence that his promises will bo curried out to thu letter.' Those who wish to get an idea an to what a first-olasj fireworks display is like, and at the same time giyo thoir ohildren a treat, ought not to miss this 'opportunity. A LECTORI! on 'Folk Lore' -will bs givon to-night in tho Ann stroot Freo Mothodist Church by Mr. S. W. Brooks, M.L.A. Among other subjects mentioned in tho syllabus the lcctiuer will expatiate on the quaint fanoie3 nnd queer practices couuooted -with babyhood, baptism, nnd confirmation ; youth, oourtahip, ninrriiiKo, and death; ' blessed is tho bride tho sun dunes on;' Poggoty and Falst-.iff ; tho drowned Mormon proaohor ; Calphurnia's fore bodings; days and seasons, potonts nnd auguries; luok and unluok, oharms and spells ; tho Chihvell ghost ; do spirits rovisit the earth ? Longfellow and Paid ; matutinal . unanimity of tho cocks; dark spots on the moon's difo ao counted for, and whnt tho rainbow. is. These nro ' only a few of tho topics to be touched on, so that wo have no doubt that the lecture wil ho highly instructive nnd amusing. 