NAVIGATION OF SYDNEY COVE ,-? » as-? TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-Mr. Jeanneret having proposed in his letter appearing in your issue of to-day that I submit to you the plan? I recommended for the safe navigation of Sydney Cove, and that he should meet me at your office, and there endeavour to convince me that it would not work safely, I herewith send you the plan as suggested, but it rests with you to say whether Mr. Jeanneret in his proposal has not It reckoned without his host,'.' and can only add, that from the present moment I am at your command. In Mr.'Joarinorol's letter "He agrees with my first pro- position to augment the berthing accommodation, but dissents from my second, of allotting separate sets of wharfs for separate harbour trades, or lines, respectively, " Because it would be more difficult and dangerous to berth the larger Manly and down- harbour boats at the south-east end of the quay than at the south-west end." But this is mere assertion on his part, and I think the public are entitled to some proof or illustration of his reasons. The down-harbour steamers being larger than the up harbour ones does not make the cove any squatter to the former, which appears to he his reasoning. Nor is the water in the S.E. corner any thicker than in the S.W., but much sweeter, by-the-bye, which might as reasonably be advanced. He also dissents from my third proposition, that a Government officer should control the starting of the steamers, owing to the expense of maintaining a number of them, and at a time not being efficient in his opinion. I maintain one officer at a time, supported with efficient printed rules under the authority of the Marine Board, will prove sufficient ; of course he will require relief. But I do not propose to disturb the freedom of action of the owners and masters of these steamers, as he infers I do, further than handing them certain rules and regulations in regard to one another's movements in berthing and despatch- ing their vessels, which they themselves cannot enforce no matter how much they may approve of them and that the piermaster should assist in and see them carried out. So far from being a restraint upon the rightful action of the shipowner, my desire is that he should prove an important aid to their general good and wolf cure. Surely the transit officers at the corners of our streets cannot be said to injure the owners of the conveyances they regulate and in like way, if the piermaster from his elevated position saw some disarrangement of shipping in the Cove, and by- exposing his dagger signal delayed steamers for a little while at their wharfs, preventing their making confusion worse confused." I cannot see anything but advantage to both the public and the owners, by his authority being exercised. And as to expense, if we can afford transit officers ashore, we surely can afford two such officers to superintend this dangerous traffic afloat. And to my friend's latter objection to this proposal, " That the difficulties and dangers do not come at the starting, but when the steamers are well out in the event" I can only say that I am at utter and irreconcilable variance with him on this point, as long as I am to believe my own eyesight. Why sir, I have over and over again seen the whole navigation of the cove paralyzed by two small steam screw boats bucking out together, and occupying the head waters of the pool in their endeavour to turn against a nor'-easter, and it is just exactly off the pier heads where the confusion is created. I have no objection to one vessel at a time trying the manoeuvre should the piermaster see fit, whose decision must be governed by circumstances ; but two vessels at a time, at any time, or in any weather, the masters not working in unison, but possibly interested in getting away before the other, to try it, I must on public grounds protest against us a dangerous nuisance I will not press my fourth proposed, to swing the vessels on their hawsers at the wharfs, if it can be found safe to turn otherwise, as I know the wear and tear of home in doing so is fearfully rough on owners'' pockets, so let the matter aside for the present. As to my proposal No. 2, we are happily in unison, for it affords us a basis on which we can (feel with the particular point at issue, ?' where Mr. Jeanneret undertakes to convince me that my plan if adopted would only end in disaster." He now submits a verbal illustration of his views thereon, and the necessity for a Manly steamer on her course to the south-eastern berth I have allotted to her crossing twice the track of the North Shore boat. But his hypothesis is at fault in its very first position, in making the Manly boot come round the buoy off Fort Macquarie, showing her red light. This boat, in obedience to the bar boui\rejrula.tion.i, should come up the bay on its southern shore till striking Kirribili Point, and any skilled master knowing he had to north to the east ward would even go higher before turning in to the Cove, present- ing to shipping leaving it his three lights, The green being next the outward-bound ship, and her green light presented to him as they approached and down before they met the red light of the Manly boat would disappear, and they would pass in obedience to the Board of Trade regulations " green to go on, and find themselves forced upon the very lines I recommend to be followed in the Cove. Thus, my friend's ghost having presented a red eye instead of a green one off the Macquarie buoy, has mixed his ideas into greater- confusion than I should like to see Ititi steamers in the Cove, and caused this difference of opinion between us. I need hardly add, should any steamer present her red light at the buoy as represented by Mr. Jeanneret, and which I admit any steamer following certain courses inny lightly do, she will be dealt with in the usual way laid down by the rules referred to but I submit the matter of whiting, or position of the wharfs berthed at, has nothing whatever to do with this incident. The deep importance of this subject to the general public is my only apology for so fully trespassing on your space. I am, &c.;, FRED. H. TROUTON?. ' Cliff dule Hotel, Balmain, April 15. ' 