POINTS. Amusing. — John Ford, as a cricketer. Swell.— Tho dresses for the ' Mikado.' Mabybobouoii Races. — Shop will win the double, Comot next best. — ' Vernx.' Well Backed.— Silvermino for tho Caulfield Cup. So ho wns for tho Motrop. Cmiixa. — Tlio twn-vnjir-old Bruccdalc, from Sydney, will probably arrivo to-day. His Paihonaqe. — Tho Governor and suite ; will visit tho Gaiety to-night. Fact. — That the Theatro Royal will he turned „ into Undo Tom's Cubiu to-night. No Doubt, — Thnt tho Volunteer can boat the Thistle now. Try again. Lirsxi. — Tho murderor of Miriam Angel, confessed his crime, and was duly hanged. 'Samoan ATi'Ains.' — No, no; no moro Samoan affairs, only German affairs in Samoa. N011111 Glanjiiiie Shakes.^— Buyers on tho field to-day at 32s., with a rising teudoncy. Common Result. — A man hanged himself alter heavily drinking. Common Excuse. — Would not have done it had I10 not been drunk. Licked. — The Press by tlio stago. It is Eometimcs tho other way 011. Sailed. — Earl and Couutcss Carnarvon for Australia. Heirs. — The discussion about tho word heirs ditd away calmly 011 the breeze. Its vory ghost is 110 more. Estimates ? Advanced past Police Depart ment. Poor fcllowB discharged from Lands not paid ou Saturday. G OVEHNOR Buoome. — Says that Judge Onslow acts up to his lights, but that ho has a bad liver. Miss Amy Sherwin. — Sings a now song to night. You Bliould hear Amy; would make your eyes spurkle. A Great Score. — The Townsville Mercantile ? Club clevt 11 scored one run amongst thein 011 Saturday when playing a combined team. Balance op Gists. — T. W. Russell is named as a man whose mind is only of a second-rate order, but his voice is first-class. ScohED. — Georgo Carey Bcored 2 'according to tho statutes' in tho cricket match ou Satur day. Moue Suoaii. — Tho Geelong brought 070 bags from Townsvillo, aud 3,819 packages from. Mackay. SronT. — Some young gentlemen at Sandgate tried to turn over a boat with an oar. The ladies did not seem to mind it; Administeriko Discipline. — Tho Germans aro ia Samoa. They bum down houses in doing so. Supposo Samoa wero as largo as France, 0I1 f Always bully tho little follow. Reversed — At Melbourno on Saturday. Hard Times won the steeplechase with Roulette next. It is generally Roalctto first and Hard Times next. At Last. — In England they aro carrying education so far that horses arc taught to ring bells, tiro cannon, and carry lotters. Above dragging tho plough.' National Association.— Ordinary committee to-day, that is all, not annual meeting as some one said. That is to be by-aad-bye. AIL iu good time. ' Governor' Stephens. — A judge's clerk spoko of bis superior as tlio ' governor.' Tho judge is mightily offended. Ho is Sir James 'li'itvillTtiOtf Kllml.1,.1 I.' n li I' in- deed. Named. — Mr. Hunter has named a colt by Riotev — Queen of tho Forest, Tho Larrikin ; filly by Respite — Encore, Eveiaioro; filly by Respite — Ebony, Eau de Vie ; filly by Chevalier — Amethyst, Jiy Jewel. Mr. Scuey.— A member of tlio Now South Wales Parliament, and who, by tho way, is not at all shy, is going to move in liis place in Par liament that eight hours be a legal day. Why not make it a natural day ? It would greatly increase tho years of one's life, if not the length of life' itself. Langwohtiiy Found at Last. — Mr. Lang worthy nppeared in propria pernonu bofore an English court on Monday, August '22. Ho appeared, apologised, and disappeared. He was in court but a vtiy fow seconds, yet in that brief space of time ho contrived, ufter his wont, to emit a lio. Ho said : ' Tho contempt of which I havo been guilty has boon without my knowledgo. The letters written to nio never reached me.' Liberal Unionists. — Sir William Ilarcourt, J.P., addressing a crowded nnd enthusiastic meeting of Berksliiro Liberals in tho new Town Hall at Reading, 011 tho evening of August 24, said that in his opinion the Dissentient Liberal party was dwindling down to its true propor tions, and it was bosoming perfectly apparent that it was nothing but a petty cabal, animated chiefly by hostility to Mr. Gladstono. i-ROONOSTic. — Tiie proclamation ot the Irish National League, taken in conjunction with tho action of tho Government iu regard to tho Lords' amendments in tho Irish Land Bill, will severely strain tho rolatious existing between the government aud tho Liberal Unionists, tho mujority of whom wero opposed to the proclamation of tliolcagao at the present moment. Nasty- Jar. — It would seom that neither . Lord Salisbury nor tho London Times is aware that thero has been a change of Premier^ in New South Wales. A telegram published by tho Timet from. its Vienna correspondent says: Lord Salisbury lias informed tho Australian Government that New South Wales will bo re presented at tho Vienna Hygienic Congress by Sir Patrick Jennings, Primo Minister of tho colony. Where is the old man Parkcs ? A Tricycle Story.— A good story is afloat ancnt a certain, railway official not 100 milos from the Dugundan railway. This official ob tained leave from tho engineer to run a railway tricycle aiong tlio lino to facilitate tho carrying on of his work. Tho first day I10 wont out the ' trike' buoked him niuo times iu throe miles, after which I10 dismounted, bruised aud sore, and led the 'triko' into the nearest Btation with his braces serving as a bridle. He now wulks in preference to riding. Brief Record. — Two young men fought at duel in Paris on Saturday, August 20, aud ran each other through with tlieir swords. The uccount of the encounter, signed by tlio four seconds, is laconic: 'After a fow minutes engagement M. do Molvillo, attacking his ad versary vigorously, wounded him iu tho eliost near tlio right armpit. His Bword oamo out in tho upper part of tho baok, ufter piercing the right lung. Replying immediately, M. do Labruyero wounded M. do Melvillo full in the chest. His sword, which was twisted by the violence of tho thruBt, glanccd off tho first rib, and perforated M. do Mclvillo's loft lung.' A Fieler. — Tlio first proclamation against tho National Leaguo is in thoso words : By the Lord-Licuteuant and Privy Council in Ireland. A Special Proclamation. — Londonderry. — Whereas we aro satisfied that thero exists in Ireland an association known as the Irish National League, und that tho said association in parts of Ireland promotes and incites to acts of violenco and intimidation, and interferes ' with tho administration of the law — Now wo, tho 'Lord Lioutcnant-General and Gonoral Governor of Ireland, by and with tho advioo of tlie Privy Council in Ireland, by virtuo of seo tion C ot tho Criminal Law anaProcoduro (Iro laud) Act, 1887, and of overy powor and ? authority ou this bolialf, do by this, our spooial. proclamation, deolaro from tho dato lioreof tlio said association, known as tho Irish National Lcuguo, to bo dangotous. This proclamation shall bo promulgated by tho samo being pub lished 111 tho Dublin Ga;ctte, and by a printed copy thereof being posted at ovory polioo station or bnrruok and overy placo in wliioli divisional polico 01 urts or petty sessions aro hold respec tively iu Irolnnd. Tnnwifoof a retired army surgeon namod Cross died mysteriously at Cork. Tho body waH_ buried, in a few hours, tho husband attributing death to typhoid fovor. A fort night afterwards Cross married tho governess.. Maiicion being aroused, tho body of Mrs.-' C o:h waa flxhumcd, when it was found that, death was duo to poison. Cross is in custody. 