The Priest's Overcoat. "HCBEY on, thin, Molly, asthore, or his riverence will he gone, and we can't , get buckled this day," said Paddy Katferty to a buxom, rosy-checked girl, trudging beside him. " Sure, thin, Paddy, it's but nine and tinpenee ?we have got, and he'll never marry us under the pound. " Well, agra, we'll give him the chanceary way; and sure enough, here we are at the chapel." They entered, the man looking sheepish, and twirling his hat nervously, whilst the girl, now that the decisive moment had arrived, walked with a free, firm step into the sacristy. . ; . Father Doherty was just preparing to leave. " Hullo, Molly! what do you want? Paddy, my boy, it's not thinking of marryimr you are he shouted, in stentorian tones. : He was a burly man, red-faced and 'corpu lent. " Shnre, thin, it is just that, and nothing else. Would you believe it, your riverence, I have come here to get tied to Molly ? " "Hum-hum-have you the money?s' " Well, father, you see T could only scrape together nine and tinpenee. . We're poor folks, yer honour, sir, so perhaps you'll do it for that." _ '" " My fee is a pound, Paddy BafEerty; well you know it, you ruf&an.; Not a penny less." ..'Oh, tiiiii, father," here put in Molly, plaintively," X pawned me only other gown for three shillings, and sorra a < stitch I have, nor Paddy aither, except what we have got on us. Shure you won't be too hard oh us." . ? " Borrow1 it from some of your neighbours. Iwfllnot perform the ceremony for a penny less. There, now, don't cry, there's a good girl. I'll give you a quarter of an hour to raise the money; so be off with you." ; He seated himself in a comfortable chair, took out his breviary, and was soon deep in prayer After about 20 minutes the pair returned with radiant faces. > \- " Here, father, is the balance," cried Molly, as she triumphantly produced a bright half sovereign and two dirty coppers. The priest smiled benignly. . '.Well, well, my children, I am veiy pleased indeed to be the instrument, under Providence, of uniting you in I'dly matrimony." He went through the ceremony, and when it was over, Molly approached liim timidly, fingering something nervously. " 4 k Am I married fust and certain now, father:" she asked, anxiously. "As fast as Holy Church can tie yout mv child. . Even I could not undo what I have done. You'rePiiddy liaficrty's wife till death," he answered, benevolently patting her dark hair. "You're shure, father?" she demanded again. " Certain. I'll swear it if you like," jocosely. " I wijaK you joy, my children; and now I'll go." . " Stop a bit; I have something for you. We are married safe now, anyway, and here's the ' ticket for your honour." ! The ghost of a smile curled Molly's full lips, I and her black eyes twinkled mischievously us I she him thu paper she had been fiddling ! ' vith. . <. ... | "Whatthe-what is the meaning of this?'* , asked Father Doherty sternly. j Ho turned to Kafferty for an explanation. I " Shore* tiling father-\Vould you belioveit? -hut MoUy herb, toot"^etlhbnofur'fi overcoat, and brought it down^to ould Byrne, theptawn-; broker, round; tho corner, aiid, bo me sowl, aho. popp^.it for tin and tuppenco." j 