LESA. (BY MTHBI L. ABMKTBOHO.) Biot maul was known of hw when Jed Wilka brought her to Sand; Bottom, saying she eras his wife. He was one of those kind that never nermifcted nn«. tioos to be asked ; bat, by-sad-bye, the people learned that she was from New Orleans, and many a surmise was passed, and a knowing nod given, as Lesa refused to associate with Jed's old friends. It was evident to them that things were not jnst right' with the girl, and, one by one, they stopped going to see tbem ; and by the time antomn set in, r la 1 T v xtcam was iuihe »lOD6 JCQ W&6 One of those quiet, resolute sort of men, ignorant as a babe of the ways of the world. He had never been away from Sandy Bottom till one day in the spring, he loaded bis fiat-bottomed old scow with vegetables, and went to ' New Orleans to dispose of the staff. 'It was right smart lack, eh Less, that trip o mine, dee I never woald bad you'ons,' he often said to her daring the summer. It was more so for poor Less, for she had fallen in the river right where Jed had tied the old -scow, or as the by standers knew better, bad thrown herself in to escape the era el blow of Here Fen ton, who was following her. ' Let her drown, ' Mate exclaimed with an oath, ' she will be oat of the way then' Jed only heard the splash and scream, and as die rose he canght her and drew her aboard the scow, 'Poor gal,' he said tenderly, as he wiped her long, black bur with the sleeve of bis frock, ' she is mighty pert. I 'Low, I never saw her iilr<» 'afore. I wonder how she come to fall in f 1 He's a greeny,' yelled a bystander, as Jed wrung the water from her dripping garments. ' I am, eh,' said Jed, aa he jumped ashore and dealt him a well-aimed blow between the eyes, which landed him on his back. £ 'low I 'ain't Been mach o' the world, bat I 'aint one o' them sort to see a pert gal "like her drown, and nat grapple 'arter her/ ' Let him alone, he knows her,' was the ejaculation from the crowd, aod one by one they moved on, leaving him alone with the girl. Poor Leaa little dreamed as she threw herself into the river to escape misery, she woald rnsh into hand ban da It was one of those strange streaks of fate which was the turning point in her life. To the qaeBtion where he should take her, she replied 'She was alone in the world, and had no home. 'Then I reckon yon had better stay here,' said Jed, kindly. 'The blankets are better than nothin'. I ain't mach o' a hand to sleep any how, so yon jest lie down thar, and I'll look 'arter the staff.' Jed hardly knew what to do with her. She waa so. pretty, like an angel he thought, in her pretty white dress and bright ribbons ; he had a mind to take her back with him to Sandy Bottom. Why not, she had said she had not a friend in the world, and wanted to leave the city. He woald jnst take her home with him. 'I 'low I don't know much about women, bat she is sn angel, if thar ever was one,' he said often to himself, as he watched her whers she lay sleeping. By the time ehe awoke be had made ap his mind what to da She had no , one to care for her, and he would take her back with him. Ho one need to know how be fonnd her, andif they did, what difference did it make ! Every man has a right to marry who he chooses. She woald be each a sweet thing around the hoose, and it wea lonely up on the monntain, all by himself, so he would take her back with Um. ' Leaa,' Jed said, as soon as she opened her eyes, ' I have been thinkiu' a powerful lot, gal, once I drew yon ont o' the water, and it Under seems, Leaa, me having saved yon, I have a right smart claim on yon. I ain't pert like yoa be, for 1 sun t no edlcenon, oat is an honest man. Lees, and will be goad to yon. The house ain't very large,- but, Leaa, I reckon, it will hold two as wll as one. By-and-by, Lesa, we will build cue. The place is mine, every foot o it. So gal, if yon be wiilin', I will tab yon back with me for my wife. Hay be, lesa,' he said, seeing she . hesitated a little, you think I ain't good enough for yoa' 'No, no, Jed, not that, I waa thinking yon might regret It some day,' ' I ain't one o' them sort. I reckon I know whet I am about ; so, gal, if yon be wiilin' we will jest (tap around hare and git married. I 'low I have the best o' the bargain.' 'With God's help I will try end be worthy of yon, Jed, was ha calm rejoinder. . . And she sent up a fervent prayer that she might he worthy, of honest, simple Jad Wtikr. It was the first pray®1 die had jtaSeiSWliBt tnay be toe M»da heard toe needed iiiuiisteimi "tBtegwSrjHi llwufrlrf" bor the hert "wonted fe'WteWld, and it made .titow- Bnt di todkiw|j(i£ wplpktSa \wlfih a solemn vow to let #fi! tbe benning of a better life, and Jed In hie (Smple honesty. heW to to feel ehe was worthy of him. - 'You roe, Leee/ Jed asid, aa be crossed toe threshold of hie tone, 'it ain't conch o' a hoose, but I reckon, yon cut manajn to wit fb look eight smut- £11 be going to toe landing afore long, and what you need TO gst' Lesa paid little attention to toe tone or surroundings, bat stood gating t a picture on toe walk It was Mary ' Magdalene kneeling before toe Motor. It was nothing felt a riheap prfn tot told toe story of compassion ana Jw- gjbraness. , .. , , -J" v- 'I wonder if I can be forgiven,' too said under her bnato, whHe toe tears stole down her cheeks J « If He pen for- give ma' ' ; , : - -'.',1 « Eh, Leak" arid Jod, doming near her, ! feared yodwould betomerfck, fetter though I ain't pert Bto iyoo» TO. J»e good to faa. op, aadttTlbe motBasnnenm u«. ; onprir»»to whitii om- looked the country for miles. In front to® ® wide porch with its customary long bench. Jed had planted some hops before the door to keep the son out, winch made the house tool and inviting. Iiqsm would flit for boats under the great clusters of hops, thinking of her past, 'I wonder what Jed would say if I told him jnst what I was. It isn't right to go on deceiving him so, when he is so good. He has so much faith in me, toa If Sis can forgive I wonder why Jed can't,' she would say as she eat there alone. ' I can't let him go on saying I am so much better than he is, when I know I am not I wish I was. If I could only be as Jed is.' Every day she resolved to tell Jed all, but there would always something turn np to prevent it All sammer she went on trying to become good like Jed — striving hard to get oat of heboid self and reach the higher, purer state which comes from the peaceful assurance of Divine forgiveness. Jed was doing a good sork nnconsdoosly, and toe pic- tare, too, kept helping her np. So the eammer passed, and when the antomn came, Lesa felt that, she. was near reaching the greater perfection of the souL Peace began to dawn, and toe birds did not sing more merrily than Lesa. 'Oh, Lesa, I reckoned yon'd forgit the city. Yoa ain't cried much lately. knew yon would forgit your old life, op among the mountains hereabouts. I say, Less, yon never told me mach about yourself, I reckon, though, yon had a right smart bringing np, being so pert like.' 'Jed,' and Loss came very near him, ' it may be tome are things in my life — I do not care to mention the past.' She stood so he conld not see her face. ' It may be, Leaa, bat I reckon Jed Wilks knows a good woman when he eees her. If I bad thought yon bad, Lesa, I'd let you drowned.' ' Couldn't yon forgive me, Jed, if I wasn't good 1' She bent her head so it toadied his cheek. No, Lesa, I never could. I 'low I conld forgive a good deaf but never that.' '-But the Mastery Jed, He could for- give/ . , " .. Yes, Lesa, hut Jed Wilks usver could. Shoo, gal, I reckon we have joked enough. Xt- woaldn't be well for anyone to say such a thing agin you/ ' What would you do P Td shoot them, Lesa I'se pretty good at a mark, and Jed Wilks ain't that sort to be wronged by anyone. But, shoo, Less, I reckon it will be many'e the day 'afore anyone will say anything agin you/ ' Yoa love me, Jed f she asked, bend ing over him and kissing him. ' Yes, Less, that I da I knew I had toe best o' toe bargain, for a better wife can't be fonnd than ynn be.'. ' Thank yon, Jed ; it is a good deal to me to hear yon say so. I have tried to do right, and — be good like yoa' 'Lor bless yon, gal, it ain't much to be that ; I reckon anyone can be as good aa ma But, Lesa, never let me hear yon say ynn wern't good. I ain't seen mach a' the world, hat I low yoa are right pert, and many'e toe feller would been glad o' yoa' Lesa knew frill well It would never do to let Jed know from what a life he had taken ben She thought lees of her past than she had doue jformeriy, bnt wsnt on striving to be better. She 1st her misery in the past be a' safeguard against faltering in toe future. She never per mitted herself to waver In her duty, or think bat what she wonld reach the perfection she'songht after. Nothing is so fetal to Tinman h an pin ess as to permit the mind, to stagnate end believe we cannot.go on. It is toe rock which will -wreck every pnrpoee In life. Every morning as Lesa began her work' toe prayed earnestly that Jed mlght never know. She conld not bear to h&VB; nun turn trnm her. Be antomn - waa nearly at Its dose. Jed had done well daring the year! The crops had turned ont unusually large, and he had a snog sum laid up for a rainy day. The addition bed been pat ap, and one day what Jed returned from toe Landing, he broaghi a carpet, real Brussels at toa and fece cnrtalns for ttie windows. . - - - - — L - 'I 'low, Less, things do look mighty pert,' Jed said, as he stood looking at toe room; 'Yon am so good, Jed/saidLesa, slipping her arm through his, 'tore room does look nice.' ' Shoo, gal, I reckon ynn earned every cent o' them. Hie turkeys and chickens foffttioJ MApafn tfitom Mtot; AM Mlfl flftVI yoa' helped me with toe corn I 'low would double the price o" toe stuff' It wp« toe last day in November; Jed had been over the ridge hunting squirrels. He took particular pride In bring the best toot in toe county. On his way home he had met a revenue officer, bo he thought he wonld-jnet go roond.by toe ravine and give/the hoys warning s t the siffl.-- -It.was some ; two mSesout of Sis vray, but Jed was bite' of those kind that never thought of the . distance If it waa to serve fefend. He had jnst left toe bv-nato wad was about to enter toe mate .rosd, when he saw a stranger rid ing towards Urn. ->. «I reckon fhereBfe fan'riore long, HI jnst waltmnd see- which -way he's going,9 Tr Houdy, stranger/ said Jed, resting the butt of Us gun on toe groundasthe man rode up, fer from here £ 'Some twenty miles,' was the re joinder, ' Could yoa tell me how far it fefcoifc-WilblJr. -.nr-.:: 'Jed WiftaL, t reckon yon mean. Yea, hade the one. Jit most benear here, furliraa told at the landing fee lived In toff "locality/ iPO Jn WMBy wrangg. r ... WW hfinr = V- " „. : .. -Right smart/ Jed came neararto toe man andw ths pretence afersmin- Ini, dWee-hut in order to -infra bettor view of the stranger's fees. "/- fronte'teH me what ktndof a \- W» have bean nrottv \- la becrtw Heis married toey say; eome girl he picked np in the city — a pretty little Creole.' I 'low yoa are right 'here. She is as pert a woman as yoa can find here abouts.' 'Her name is Lesa,' inquired Marc Fenton, for he it waa ' Pears to me you are right smart in laming people's business. Ain't one of them . revenue officers or newepaper fellers, he yon 1' said Jed, eyeing Marc closely. ' Well, no, I am not in that line of basin ess.' ' May be yon know her, then F said Jed. ' I should say I did. She lived with me three years.' 'Jed Wfifcs is mighty mean in most o' things, but I reckon he will gin you a good grip, seeing you be Lesa's friend. Pe going past there, and may be you'd like to let your horse trot alongside o' me/ 'He can't live far from here,' said Marc. It is a right Binart chance and a go, bnt the animal seems fresh, so you won't mind the distance.' Jed chuckled to himself to think how he had sold the stranger. ' I wonder what he is to Lesa,' Jed stud to himself. ' A brother, may be. There ain't mach likeness, though. I Tow I don't like his looks ; bat, seeing Bhe lived with him, 'twoald be right mean not to offer the hoe cake. May be he is one of them revenue officers, and don't know Lesa arter alL If he's come for harm, I reckon he'd better stay away/ Lesa aaw Jed coming, end went down to the gate . to .meet him. It was about dark, still she could discern them plainly. I wonder who Jed can be bringing home with him — some of the boys, I suppose No, it isn't any I have seen before ; it Is — My God, it is Marc Fenton f she cried in despair, as she went bade to toe home in hopes to escape before they entered. But her limbs failed her aod she sank helpless on the floor. ' Why did Marc come here, when I have tried so hard to be good. Why couldn't God let me go on being good T Jed, no he never will forgive, she cried in the angnish of her sonl. \- ' Eh, Lesa, here's sn old friend o' youra/ said Jed, coming np the steps. Come out, gat, I 'low yon'd be glad to see him. That's right, stranger, come in. She's about somewhere ; PH find her ; and Jed went out to the kitchen where Lesa lay white and still. ' She may not care to see me,' said Marc with a villainous smile ; ' I hardly think she has forgotten me/ ' Ob, Jed,' moaned Lesa as he came near her, ' what did you bring him here for I' ' What's np, Leaa, be you sick ! Gat some water, stranger ; she's white aa a ghost. Lesa, tell me what happened to you / and he carried her tenderly in his arms, out on toe porch, so she wonld have more air. ' Let me die, Jed,' she pleaded. ' You said you would never forgive. Oh, Jed ! Jed? 'So you recognized me then, did yon,' aid Marc coming towards her. ' A pretty welcome for your old lover, isn't it. None of your fine airs, my dear ; it won't do yoa know, with me,' and he moved near to her. Bnt Jed stepped between them, which caused Marc to stand stiff He dare go no further. He saw Jed was not a man to be fooled with. ' No doubt yon thought never to see me again/ Marc Bald, sneeringiy, 1 bnt I am not one of these sort to let yon go so easy/ ' Lesa,' arid Jed bending over her, and pressing her hand to his lips, ' what does he mean. I 'low I don't understand it ' Oh Jed, don't, please don't ask me, I can't tell yon.' ' So you are Jed Wilks,' arid Marc, a little taken back. 1 reckon I fce. If you have any- tiring to say, yon'd belter be about ; for gJOTS W UW JUU akU b nvuwea abonta/ ' Why didn't yon tell me when I met you,' demanded Marc. I reckon yon don't know Jed Wilks.' Not you me, if you think Fm going to 1st you have her. She is mine.' Less, be yoa that man's wife I' Jed's powerful frame shook with amotion. - ' Wife, fiddlesticks II should say not! None bat a fool like yoa wonld many a woman like her. She was my— Bat what she was Jed did not let Marc say, bat dealt him a powerful blow which made b'm reel against toe porch. With a terrible oath Marc drew the rifle to his shoulder and aimed at Jed ' Oh, don't kill him,' acraamed Lesa, laelring between them jnst in time -to receive toe bullet that was meant for Jed. 'Do you see what yon have done,' cried Jed, rushing put Lesa and catch ing Marc by toe throat. ' Do yoa see that yoa have killed her— murderer that yonbef . ' Well, what if I have,' replied Marc with awnear. ' She ain't much loss.' ' 'She was my wife, toe only woman I era loved,' said Jed sternly. . 'In these parts we don't watt for judges® jury, we jnst deride toe case onrsdvne/ 'And arise ib — Death, interrupted Jed, and with a powerful grin he lifted Marc in hla arms and threw him down the ravine, where; be lay a mangled corpae. \- 'Jed/ called Lesa, faintly, 'Jed, did yon kill him f 'IiwionldidjLena. He went over the rocks. If he ain't dead he won't be much om the reat o'his days.' Jed took her gently in his arms and cried like a child. B was wn Bwfiri thing torio, Jed — to MP him,' . ' That may be, Leaa, hut he han killed yon— toa;wnman I HortHi'-. " : = Cheat tears iriitiicd down -iris cheeks, nVulriaaad her hand.- And yduTcive m4 Jjed, fter hearing everything about famjas lips, 'tooP ' ' - _ ' Vj : !' r 'Yes, Lesa, I love yea/ . f Iwotrid have toldyoiit/Je'continued Lena, with her fomkririm'fbreaa, ' but taiga? „ . ; 'Btt t innst, Jed. Yon know lam tdl you. lt mtrneray vrord he told you. I threw myself into toe river to | get rid of fcirn. I was tired of life, nd the river was my only esctpe. Yon thought, Jed, I waa asleep-wheo yoa sat beside me that night, bat I wasn't, X was ; praying — asking Gid to help ire to a better life. X don't know, Jed, as He hears such as me, bat when yoa offered to take me here, I felt He had beard, and I came. Ob bow good it seemed to get , away from my old life. You were so good I felt all the more unworthy. Bat X kept on praying to be better, and some times, Jed, I have thought He pitied me more than those who had nothing to be forgiven for. Yoa remember what the Elder said at the camp- meeting : That He had more mercy for snch as me, than for those who had always been good; and His mercy extended to as even to the dying hoar/ Maybe, Jed, it does, and He will let me in.' ' I am sure o' it, Xjesa,' was the solemn reply. 'Jed,' continued the dying women, ' I can't go until yon foigive me. I did wrong, I know, to deceive yon, bnt I did I want to be better so mncb. Can you foigive me sod love me now V She raised herself up and looked at him imploringly. ' Yes, Less, I can forgive and love you,' he replied, kissing her, as toe tears streamed down his cheekB, 1 Lesa, you mast live ; I can't let you go !' 'Yon could love me V she asked funtiy. ' More than ever. I reckon, Lesa, the Lord thinks yon better than me, else He wouldn't take you. I can't let yoa go, Lesa, I can't f ' It is good of you, Jed, to forgive me and love me. I am dying now. Maybe the angels wilt let me in. Jed, let me ley here, right in your arms ; it will be like going to sleep when He takes ma' And so she remained close to Jed's breast till the angels called ber in. And who dares say that the mercy of God will not extend to even each as toe was. 