CHAPTER XXIII.-VACATION RAMBLES. " The aeaaon is dead ! Long lire the season !" Its successor is getting ready to be crowned next year. The new season is an infant in the country, imbibing strength from moor and mountain. The old dead season had baen gay almost beyond precedent, though death had from time to time thrown across ita path the grimmest of shadows. But how defiantly the lively monarch of Vanity Fair has gone to his rest, drinking, dancing, singing, racing, gambling, flirt ing ! During ita last and perhaps its brightest hours the telegraph haa been busy bring ing us news of disasters innumerable, calamities on sea and land, hurricanes, massacres, earthquakes. No pen or pencil could ever hope to realise and perpetuate such a dance of death aB that which the papers have been chronicling side by side ?with cur festivities. Five thousand lost at Ischia ! Five thousand people, men, women, and children, many of them the noblest families of Borne and Naples. The majority of them pleasantly engaged when death fell upon them. Some at a theatre ; others dancing ; all more or less basking in the Italian sunBhine, the rays of which were tempered by the gentle breezes of the surrounding sea. One family was listening to the music of Chopin. Among all this favorite composer's workd nothing is more popular than his " Funeral March." A pianist had just begun to play the opening bars when the earthquake tore the beautiful island asunder. Thunder, darkness, and cries of death were the re sponse to the opening strains of the touch ing composition. A few visitors had put out in a boat to' enjoy the beauty of the evening and the starlight. They heard and saw that some frightful calamity had occurred ashore, and rowing frantically they Bteered for the open sea. Godfrey Jessop was full of all this when he called upon me to say good-bye. He was off to Germany. His vacation was to be devoted to some special scientific study in that country. He would be away until November. His sister thought I was hurt that he had not made a point of seeing me for so long a time. But hia slater was mistaken. He had, it is true, felt a little awkward and upset at that foolish soiree. Nonsense, he has not fallen in love at first sight. This, in response to my badinage. He was struck with the beauty of Miss Trevor he admitted. There waa some thing In her voice and manner which fascinated him. Would he like to meet her again ? Oh, yes, very much. But he had been up to his eyes in work, and had no time to think of-" parties." Besides he hated them. Very pathetic, he said, that incident of the girl beginning to play' I Chopin's March just as the earthquake ! swallowed them. Did I know this i calamity had been foretold ? No. Oh I yes, almost to the day. If; has been , calculated on a theory and investigation I | of recognised and definite phenomena by ; a scientist whose warnings had been un ; heeded. This led to an interesting dis . cUBBion, set up, I thought, a3 a diversion from the subject I had selected for con i veraation. Then I shifted the ground to j hia greater journey to the Eastern Seas. i Yes, he said,, he waa considering a pro posal to investigate the: scientific and economic features of the "Sunny Isles." I had never heard of them. No, he said, few people had. When the first mer [ chants not long ago went to the Govern ment about Sabah, the chief officials aBked where it was, what it was-an island, peninsula, or a savage chief. Bat he could not unfold his plans to me now. He wonld do so by; and- bye, and he begged me not to think him ungrateful. " For," said, he, "my dear. Yorke, I regard you as my one true dear friend outside that little house of my father in Regent's Park." And so we parted for the vacation, he for Germany, I for various places, bub more particularly for Dove Dale. Among the books which I find in tempting covers on the St. Pancraa stall while I am wait ing for the train is an amatuer angler's sketch of some pleasant days in that very happy valley to which I am journeying. I make a point of always being too early for trains. A railway-station, platform has- ever afforded me a fund of interest and amusement. I find a lazy delight in. rummaging over a bookstall for some volume I have never seen before and taking it for my companion on my jour Eey. A book has this advantage over a new acquaintance, or rather you have this advantage over it, that if you don't like it you can throw it aside and without offence. Foreigners scoff at ua for our habits of insularity ; the Americans par ticularly rail at us for shutting ourselves up in railway carriages, and if we cannot secure compartments for ourselves alone, shutting ourselves up within ourselves and resisting conversation with strangers. Well, I confess for my own part I heartily enjoy this so-called insularity in an Eng lish railway carriage. On this calm autumn day as the train glides out of the platform for the Derby shire dale where my Uncle Toby haa pitched hia tent, or to use the language of that service to which he belonged, cast anchor for life, I make my arrangements | for five hours of luxurious ease. A little influence at headquarters gives me a com partment entirely fco myself ; I am as free as if 1 were on an ocean, steamer. For five hours I need speak to no one, shall get neither letter nor telegram, and I can read my book and dream over my cigar. 1 do so, and on this occasion can commend both cigar and book, which gives me great satisfaction. Ever since-my uncle lived In the tobacco-growing districts of South America thirty yearn ago* he ha* always, he Bays, been making fruitless efforts to , procure green cigarB on thia aide of the j Atlantic. Latterly, however, I have found ' a merchant who has catered for him with more or les3 success, and Cam taking down to him what I may call a current Idox of Havannahs, direct from a tobacco farm. I am testing the latest supply, and find it remarkably tine in flavor and quality, ai.d at the same time I discover In the little volume which I have selected for my compagnon da voyage ju3t the kind of book 1 like. It Is a volume that throws me back upon my own thoughts, know ledge and resources. It is a modest book. I know more about the country it travels through than the author, which makes hia outside adventures and refltciiona all the more attractive. He does, however, know what he felt and thought as he lashed tha picturesque waters of the river that flow through the woodland Dale of Dove, and he has the faculty of interpretation. He can express his thoughts, and they ara frank and free. His reflections have there fore a special charm for me, all the mora that 1 supplement them as we journey oiiwaids, which is like an exchange of thoughts and experiences. Ha tills the valley with himself, hi3 holiday, his angling failures and successes, his thoughts of home (for he is a family man), while [ lean back in my seat and people the valley with illusionary ghosts. Derbyshire is full of pretty valley3, and Dove Dale is beyond all of them interest ing from a literary point of view, aud it will be famous for all time, for it is " The Happy Yalley of Rasgfelas." The iilu3fcriou3 Fleet- street hermit who said, "Sir, one green field is like another green field ; let us take a walk down Fleet-street," never theless wrote "Rasselas," and got his in spiration at Dove Dale. Kot long since railway managers sought to break its soli tude and despoil its charms with their prosaic lines of road and "that whistle," against which Professor Raskin inveighed when the iron horse first disturbed the peace of the English lakes. But happily for the present the project of the railway men has been abandoned. t; Once the fiery beaat comes into this anchorage," aays my ancle, the mariner, '' I slip my cabla and ateer for other waters." Izaak Walton was a constant visitor to this "happy valley of Dove Dale," whither his friend Charles Cotton often invited him. The river-Cotton apostro phises it as "Princess Dove"-was a favorite haant of the two friends. Their fishing house is still to be seen at Bares* ford, where the good old man discoursed to his "son Charles" of the pleasures of simple content and the delights of country life. Down the Dale one finds the cava that sheltered Cotton when late in life he sought a biding place from duns and bailiffs, and when he wrote Lord, would men let me alone, What an over-happy one Should I thiDk myself to be ! Might I, in this desert place, Which most men in discourse diagram, Live but undisturbed and free! Here in thiB despised recess Would I, maugre winter's cold And the summer's worst excess. Try to live out to sixty full years' old ! And all the while, Without an envious eye. Or aDy thriving under Fortune's smile. Contented live, and then-contented die. But Dove Dale has other associations than the memories of dear old Izaak and his friend Charles Cotton,the angler-poet; asBociationa that would render the Dale a literary shrine, the Dove a sacred stream, even though it wer9 shorn of its natural beauties. Longfellow says-" Even scenes unlovely in themselves become clothed in beauty when illuminated by the imagina tion, as faces in themselves become so by the expression of thought and feeling." And of this special interest that attaches to the association of great lives with par ticular places, how many examples might be quoted ! Imagine Sinai without tha Lawgiver ! Jerusalem without the memory of the Man of Sorrows! Think of Greeca without Homer, Rome without Horace, Iona without Colombo, Mull and Morveu with Osslan! Take Shakespeare from Avon, leave the Doon without the memory of Burns, the Tweed without Sir Walter Scott, the Ouae without Bunyan and Cowper, the Trant without Kirke Whit8 and Byron ; imagine Sheffield without; Ebenezer Elliott; the Lake Country with out Wordsworth, Wilson, Coleridge, Da Quincey, and Southey; Chelsea without Carlyle, Antwerp without Rubens. The human interest casts a \- Light that never was on sea or land, The consecration and the poet's dream. The banks of the "fair Dove" are crowded with famous figures. At Ash bourne lived Dr. Taylor, Johnson's schoolfellow at Litchfield, and, next to Boswell, the great man's most intimate friend. Taylor became Prebendary o£ Westminster, and read the funeral services over the mortal remains of his schoolfellow, who, had- he survived him, would have been consoled in his declining years by the comfortable estate of the divine. The two friends often walked by the rivertide together, followed by Langley disputing with Gilpin, the tourist, Boswell in attentive attendance. "He that has seen Dove Dale has no need to visit the Highlands of Scotland," says Johnson's mistress Boswell has eulogised, still swings in biographer, Ashbourne has hardly changed since those days. The sign of " The Green Man," the hostelry whose the middle of the roadway, though one is now served with more palatable beverages than when Cotton wrote - " For Ashbourne has, which is a kind of a riddle, always in its the best malt and the worst ale in England." Tom Moore dwelt at Mayfield Cottage, on the Staffordshire side: of the Dove, and wrote u Lalla Rookh" there. From Ashbourne steeple "the Prince of the Peak" ruDg out the "tuneful peal," whose music Moore has re echoed in his familiar poem, " Those Evening Bells." . And so 'twill be when I am gone That tuneful peal will still ring on: While other bards shall walk these dells, And sing your praise, sweet evening bella'! I have dreamed many a dream by tha peaceful waters of Dove Dale, under tha shadows of its forest trees in its moss grown retreats, have often thought that ib should be a rebuke to human vanity to think of the great men who have sought refuge here from the madding crowd, bub whoee footsteps leave no trace even for a I cultured man. such as the writer of tha I delightful little book of a vacation in these hills and dales, that are full of human association with the famous dead of the century, to say nothing of the great his toric characters of the romantic days before gunpowder. But my London author only cared to dream his own dreams of wife and child and of the busy town that awaited the end of his holiday to pin him to his desk again ; but he will happily find that the great city cannot efface the recollection of his trip. He will see the Derbyshire River aa he walks along the London streets, and hear tha sweet melody of its evening bells mingling with the plash of its miniature waterfalls in the hum of the busy town's everlasting jjjg liic« And now, let me supplement theaa holiday notes with, to me and I hope to you, the most important person of thiei vacation ramble, my uncle, Admiral Yorke, of "The Gables," Dove Dale. " Ah, my boy, glad to see you, just In time for dinner, too, that's hearty ; I like a fellow who drops in with the soup, that's hearty:" "Thank you, uncle, I thought I had timed yon beautifully." "So you have, so you have." The old fellow grasped my hand, ordered William to carry my portmanteau to the blue-room, conducted me to the lavatory in the billiard-room where I could wash (for he would not hear o£ me making any change for dinner, which was ready to ba served), and within ten minutes- of my arrival' we were sitting down to. dinner. It had been a bright' autumn day ; bub now the sun had .set. There was a tender twilight (wluoli the old fellow declined' (jo shutout) and the table was lighted with wax candles. The red light of the sun ?was dying away over the golden tree tops in the valley. We sat near the window. At my end of the table I saw through a mirror the ruddy-grey streaks of sunshine competing with the yellow leaves. My imcle faced me. "You are admiring the view, ' he said. " I put you there for the purpoae. Artists say they like it best through a glass ; I always add icith a g a«s, and pass them the bottle." My uncle pushes the decanter to me as he repeats his little j'jke, and recommends the fish. "Caught an hour ago, he saysj by William-sly chap, William, knows the ham.ts of the beat of them, and how to take them. I don't think Walton or Cotton could hold a candle to \\\ilham; he is a regular son of a sea-cook at it.' The fish was delicious, and so likewise weie tie brace of grouse, the first birds of the seaBiD, and I had to confess, and did so with much pleasure, that X had not eaten so good a dinner Bince my last visit to " The Gables." " Well, that's all right," said my uncle, " that's hearty ; it's a treat to give a dinner to a fellow who knows what a dinner is ; and now, Eric, a few wal Duta and a drop of the old sort, and then we'll try those new cigars, eh ?" " Yes, uncle, the programme suits me." " Good," he said, that's hearty." 7 hen turning to William he said, " Bo'een, I think you may close the ports." "Eight, your honor," said William, who was dressed in a man-of-war s uniform, and looked every inch a sailor. The blinds drawn the wax cindies seemed to give an extra light, and my uncle took especial pleasure in holding his glass before one of them to watch the beeswing as it floated in the ruddy liquor. " Not a bad glass of port," he re marked. " We'll try the Madeira to morrow." " It is superb," I said, repeating both of us very much the same conversation we had had any time these 10 years upon the same Bubject, and possibly on the same port, for I believe it was 'Si wine of a wonderful quality. " You are looking well, Eric. Bachelor life agrees with you as it does with me. Nothing like it, eh ?' " It has its advantages," I said. " Should think it ha3. Look at Wil liam, look at my coachman, look at my gardner. Anybody can see the gardener j is tied up, poor devil. He looks like a sheer hulk compared with the other chapB." " It wouldn't do for everybody to be of your opinion, uncle." .?Do, I Buppose not. Well, Eric, and how do you get along in that great ugly city of yours ? Your fine Prime Minister, I see, goes on making a tool of himself and his country ridiculous; when I read the papers sometimes it seemB to me a3 if 1 was reading about some other country, not about England ; and then I thank you for introducing me to Bo3well and Johnson, to Walton, and Cotton, and Moore, and the other clever fellows who used to come on leave down into thi3 pleasant anchorage and let the world drift by as I do." ^ "lam giving up politics altogether," I said, "Never cared much for party intrigue and that kind of thing, as you know." " As you know to your cost," said my . Uncle; "but I don't blame you. The diplomatic business is a dirty business after all. A man who gets on in that ! service has to despise himself a good deal now and then I expect." When he had indulged in a few other common-place reflections of this kind, ; allowing our dinner to digest under the Influence of small talk, like sensible men who do not spoil a feast with exciting topics of conversation, we took the UBual " whitewash" of dry old sherry and adjourned to coffee and billiards. It waB a cheery sight to see my old uncle, a Btalwart naval officer of 78, play billiards with the zest of five-and-twenty. He was a strong, straight, well-built man, ?with a bright blue eye, a heated com plexion heightened by thick white hair. He wore the old-fashioned blue dress coat and brasB buttons, and when he took his cue to play he stripped off coat and^ vest, and looked as tight and trim an admiral as ever stepped upon a quarter-deck. Ha played with tremendous earnestness, but with great good humor, and with a full ap preciation of his opponent's finest strokes, exclaiming (it wa3 a favorite expression of his) whenever I made an exceptionally for tunate break, " That's hearty." We took our night-cap in due course with a last cigar, and had a sober chat about my affairs, which presented no points for controversy or advice (he hinted that he had made a will in my favor, with conditions), and we compared notes about the new cigars. "They're as good as they can be out side the country," he said, ''but we don't know the true flavor of a cigar in England. When I was in Cuba, and also ia Havannah, they brought me my cigars fresh every day, a handful, wrapped in oilsilk or something of the kind, made for the day to be smoked during the day, and lay Jupiter they were fine, so green and soft you could twirl them round your finger; but this is a good cigar, Eric, and I am much obliged to you for thinking of "I spent a very happy time at "The Gables," fishing, riding, hunting, shoot ing (there is a capital moor a few miles away), eating good dinners, discussing the mistakes of the Government in Egypt, at the Cape, in Afghanistan, at Constanti nople, in Ireland, and at home ; for my dear old uncle would not give Ministers a spark of credit in any direction, and the only consolation he derived from the utter collapse of the old order of things was that the ship of state was drifting into such difficulties that the present command would have to be superseded, and that whoever came in the new admiral could not possibly be worse than the former landlubber, and might be a great deal better. _ eoi£3 " We shall get into awful difficulties, Ericj and then we shall get out of them as we always do, but at a terrible cost, mark my wordB ; you may live to see it." Now and then we strolled together with our fishing rodB (the Bo'sen in attendance with refreshments), and talked of plesanter things than politics, of the men whose memories haunt the Dade ; and one. afternoon a8 we climbed the valley in answer to the flag-signal of half an hour j before dinner time, we paused to listen to "Those Evening Bells" as their silver music came wandering through the wood lands. A white mist was rising from the river, the ghost of summer was abroad, the moon was rising-a new cold moon, and the bells seemed to whisper the tender re grets of the poet. My uncle felt the saddening influence of the moment, I know, because he referred to it at dinner, : and said, after all champagne was a good ' thing if you felt a trifle hipped. I was loth to leave the dear old fellow, but after a fortnight I grew restless to _ travel further afield where the sun shone, ' and where there were no " Evening Bells'' with such sad voices as tho3e In the Derbyshire valleys. In my time I have been all over the world during these vacation days-to Trouville, Homburg, Switzerland, Nor way, Sweden, Cannes, Nice, Mexico, the Rocky Mountains-everywhere; and I have come home again on the top of the first returning waves of society, with the first of the homeward-bound pilgrims, thus season after season; and I have lived to know that London is the best place !n the world for a man who is alone. - I have lived to feel that the first shake of the hand at one's club, when the tide of fashion has set In again on the town, that the Bmiling welcome of the two honest eoula who have charge of my rooms ; that the "How are you, old chap?" of my friend the editor, in his familiar office, Strandwaida, and the "Right you are, sir !" of the cabman who drives 1110 thither j that these are heavenly thing9 compared with the hollow courtesies of monsieur and madame, the cumbersome politeness of iutinheer? tha eloquent salaams of Eastern state, or the rough and-ready hoBpisality of tlio American union. (To be continued.) 