Grape Shot. Sun rises 5.23, sets 6.16. New moon on Monday. Rifle match to-morrow. Short ranges Military sports and races projected on November 9. Harbor looks strangely empty without those Bteamers. Shall we appreciate the Ferret better* now we have lost her? It is a significant sign of the season when citizens go Gulfwards at eventide with towels on their shoulders. Twelve of the shearers who struck at Mount Lyndhurst, were brought before tbe Beltana Police Court on Wednesday last, and were fined £2 each and costs for breach of agreement. The Treasurer says that it will be time enough to talk of extra grants for main road maintenance out of the surplus revenue, when be haB ascertained that there will be a surplus. Tlie Sultan of Morocco pays France an indemnity of £4,000 for some sort of " outrage" committed by bis Bubjects on a Frenchman. All the European Chancellors desire to abandon the beet sugar bounty system. They wait for each other to begin. The native potentate of Mysore (India), donates £5,000 to the Inperial Institute. The Frisco " wheat ring" have decided to corner 4,000 tons of wheat till the price improves. Gunboat Lizard, 670 tons, to be sent to the Australian naval station. Mr Copley urges the Government to get that grazing and cultivation lease land taken up and its vermin destroyed without delay, and vehemently declares tbat this cannot be expected while the rentB are at so high a rate (l£d. per acre), and the present charge for interest on improvements is maintained. The Hon. R. C. Baker has introduced to the Assembly a Bill designed to constitute tbe S. A. Wesleyan Church a part of tlio Wesleyan Church of Australasia, instead of an English branch of that denomination. Mr Kimber asks the Government to introduce a Bill to provide for the abolition of strikes, by establishing an Arbitration Board. Mr Nash is afraid that the " Eagle and tbe Bear" (by which he means France and Russia) will come along some day and deprive tbe playful Kangaroo of his tail, and consequently moves that a Select Committee of the Assembly be appointed to ascertain how many men South Australia could put into the field on an emergency, and how long it would take to get tbem together. On Wednesday last Mr Burgoyne moved that Teetulpa be declared a polling-plnce for Newcastle. Question postponed for a week. Canon Green wanis to know who is the monkey tbat is using the labor organizazations as bis catspaw in the shipping trouble. What are the chestnuts? Furner's motion, thrt the recommendations of the Stores Commission be adopted by tha Government, was carried without debate in the Assembly on Wednesday last. The Totalizator Bill No 2. was passed through Committee of the Assembly on Wednesday, tiie power of tbe Commissioner of Police to issue totalizator licences being restricted by the addition of the clause, " with the approval of the Chief Secretory." Caldwell spoke for two hours in the Assembly last Wednesday on his Government Bank motion. There were only nine members present when he finished. Pebate adjourned for a week. One of the LaunceBton small-pox pati< i)iK dead. Strict quarantine still itupoKi! on Taemanian vessels. The Council of the Melbourne Univer pity linvi- decided to provide a nL-parate <iiescctiri^ room and separate hospital instruction for female mtidical students. Extra cost £1,000 a year. The tariff racket is on in earnest now. Bie meetings at Kapunda and the Burra, and all over the country. Wandoarah has •even p«Hsed a want of confidence in Cutt resolution. Then why art thou silent, oh, Liverpool of S.A. ? Bulgarian general elections strongly in favor of Prince Ferdinand. The Sultan does not mean to interfere. Tbe Sydney Marine Board find that the collision between the steamers Gabo and Flora was due to the fault of Captain Pain, of the Gabo. Eight new members to be added to the Sydney Assembly. The Jews of Sydney have presented their Chief Rabbi with £500, in recognition of 25 years' service. Henniker Heaton, the Anglo-AuBtralian member of the House of CommonB, was banquetted in Sydney last Monday night. Major Atkinson finds it no such easy matter to form a new Ministry for New (Zealand His policy is said to be " drastic retrenchment." 1 Anybody _ j who owns a McDonnell Range j ru^,y j n the rough and wants to compare I j t t he genuine Burmese gem, can do j e0 by applying to the Executive Com- mi 88 i oner of the Adelaide Exhibition, w£th whom Colonel Burgess, of the Royal Artillery, has deposited some Burmese rabies, both rough and polished, The barque Fray BentoB, from Newcastle to Port Pirie with coke for Broken Hill, grounded off Plank Point on Sunday morning last. Three representatives wanted for country institutes on the Board of Governors of the Adelaide Public Library. Only candidates offering so far. Melbonrne men who run over to see our Jubilee Show have an eye to business, and hare bought several blocks of land in Adelaide at respectable prices. la8t Victoria spent £116,114 on her defences y ear - The population of Australasia at the end of 1886 was calculated at 3,496,000— an increase of 104,000 on the record for 1885\. Victoria heads the colonies with a population of 1,003,043, N.S. Wales is a g0od second with 1,001,961, New Zealand comes in third with 589,386, Queensland fourth with 342.614, and South Australia fifth with 312,758. British gunboat Wasp, overdue at Singapore, supposed to have foundered in a typhoon. Archbishop Barry, after enlightening the Adelaide University on " Education," left for Melbourne on Tuesday last. Miss Emerson, late of Kapunda, aged 17 years, has passed some sort of examination at Trinity College —Dublin or Cambridge ? Professor Watson has succeeded in importing some German rabbits infected with scab, and in communicating the disease to a number of South Australian bunnies. Altogether he has scabbed 150 rabbits to death, and calculates that in cold weather the disease will take three months to polish off an adult robust rabbit. Chuffey Bros- have bought the Murray steiuier Eliza Jane, for £2,000 worth of their (to be) irrigated Bookmark land. They want her simply to pump water out of the river into their reservoirs. The Colonial Surgeon reports that he has inspected the Teetulpa Hospital and found the Medical Officer in bed suffering from rheumatism and angina pectoris. He iiad been prescribing for himself, and was under the influence of the drugs he had taken ; the Colonial Surgean did not think the treatment judicious, and intimated to the Medical Officer that he had better discontinue duty. The Assistant Secretary of the French War Office has been arrested for selling military decorations and pocketing the proceeds. He is also suspected of seHing to foreign powers the War Department's plans of campaign in the event of a European row. Dhuleep Singh, tbe deposed Rajah of the Punjab, announces that he has gone over to Russia and meanB to devote his life to the subversion of British rule in India. Trickett, who is now a Rockhampton publican, challenges Hanlan to come up there and row him on the Filzroy for £500 a side, offering him a bonus of £100 and ex's paid. The new Anglican Bishop of Melbourne petitions tbe Victorian Assembly against the Divorce Extension Bill. The Seamen's Union failed to block the Port Lincoln mail steamer, Jessie Darling. She got off with her mails and cargo, and some emergency hands (two of Darling's clerks included) on Tuesday last. The Adelaide Tug Company give their masters the option of withdrawing from the Masters and Officers' Association or from the Company's employ. The Russian papers deny that the heir to the Muscovite throne has publicly orated in favor of a Russo-French alliance against Germany. General Gordon's statue has been cast in London, to be shipped to Melbourne next year. Battalion parade to be held at Laura on Tuesday, October 18. The European beet crop is estimated to be 125,000 tons short of the usnal yield, and sugar has consequently risen in the London market. Sir William Manning, Primary Judge of New South Wales, retires on a pension equal to his present screw. His medical advisers certify that his health iB too feeble to admit of the discharge of his judicial duties. The Bucephalus brought 330 tons of cargo from Calcutta into Port Adelaide on Tuesday last. The agent offered the Union the discharging, and failing acceptance, intimated that the crew of Iascars would do the work. They did it The stevedore who has tbe contract fo r loading the Phillis is liable to a penalty of £200 for inability to perform it; and the Working Men'B Association is expected to pay all such fines when it gets up a strike. The Victorian rabbit inspectors complain tbat nothing has been done for extermination on the S.A side of the border for tbe last 12 months, and that many large belt6 of scrub are mere breeding warrens. Queensland's Defence Force is 3,415 strong. Wl en Cuthbertson climbed Mount Obree, in the Owen Stanley Range, be had 300 Papuan niggers with him. When the clppds caipe down and veiled everything but the culminating peak of the range, the niggers bolted, being afraid of meeting the ghosts of tneir forefathers and tbe devils of the opposition tribe. Mount Obree is said to be 8,000ft. high. The Secretary for the Colonies has forwarded, through the Governor, three testimonials on vellum from tbe Royal Humane Society, for Alfred Freemau, C. V. Draper, and Angus McDougall, in recognition of their bravery in saving life. 