A MESSAGE FROM THE DEAD. [BY THOMAS HEWITSON, LL.B.] William Grigson, Esq., of Chancerylane, .Melbourne, splicitor and notary publiCj Was tat, middle-aged, and wealthy, a man .who combined within himself the inclination, capacity, and means of enjoying . life, : and did enjoy it accordingly. While other men worried in ,J business' treated their' daily meals as so many annoying and unavoidable interruptions of the daily routine of work, and bolted their food as they did their indigestion drops, Mr. prigson masticated his roast beef and lingered over his bottled stout with as much appreciation as though each meal were his last. He boasted that he had no nerves und did not understand worry, and as with meals so . with everything else : his philosophy was to get out of every occasion as much enjoyment as it was capable of affording. Yet he was neither a glutton nor a selfish voluptuary, for while he believed in pleasure his main source of happiness was in seeing those about him happy. Whether a life of single blessedness was a part of his philosophy is a point on which the reader will be able to draw his own conclusions, bnt as a fact, ho was a bachelor, and occupied " Select apartments for for eingle gentlemen," in South Yarra. Thither he waB being whirled by rail on a particular'Christmas Eve n -t many years ago, the Christmas Eve of a blazing Australian summer day ; and as the train, having disgorged its South Yarra contingent, rushed off with, a gasp and a shriek, as though in hot haste to keep nobody waiting for dinner, our friend might hav< been readily recognised emerging from the station on the shady side of the street in his cool duck suit, with grean-lined umbrella expanded overhead, moving along deliberately arid comfortably through the hot, dusty crowd. . While he is plodding homeward let us hasten ,'forward and make ourselves familiar 'witii his domestic surrbndings. On the pbuth side of the hill on which Government House now stands, cluster numerous pretty villas, commanding a cmplete panorama of suburban and .country scenery. The new comprehends on the west Albert Park,''with the gleaming bay beyond, jln, front a glittering; sea of roofs from South' Yarra over Prahan, Windsor, iand'St. Kilfra, fringed in the distance by the g^eett woodfc of BHghton, and to the ; east beautiful Tooirak, with the Malvern Hills undulating to" the horizon. Mr. Grigson's apartments occupied th'e front portion of one' cif these desirable residences. Each of his snug rooms opQndd''ph to the wide 1 verandah, wh'&r;&, shut in by hangings of evergreens, he lou'tiged 'onsummer evenings, the perfume of flowers combining with the' aroma of his atter-dinnercigar to, lull him in'a stiite of''sleepy delight. 1 ' His home Winis wfera/adriiinistered' to. by the brisk little lan(ilkdy,' who with'her crippled husband occupied the restoftbe house. In their case " Give us this day our daily bread " and spare our lodger to us were convertible petitions, and the obligation was recognised in a way which left him nothing to complain of. She is on the watch for him now as he turns in at the. front gate, and has the door opens before he reaches it. " Good-evening, ma'am. Christinas weather, isn't it ?" " It is indeed, sir; you must have found it very hot walking." Rather, but one enjoys it in the prospect of a cold bath and a good dinner to follow. Any letters, Mrs. Williams ?" " Only one, sir; you'll find it on the study table. Dinner will be ready in five minutes." "All li^ht. I'll be ready too. A regular old brick," he muttered, turning into his study. " She must have a Christmas box," and a stnile irradiated his jolly face as he picked up his letter with a glance at the dainty superscription. " Something useful," he continued, opening the envelope, but the smile faded into a look of blank bewilderment as he read:— "Dear William,—Comeaud see me (his evening without fail. I have received a message from the dead. I will explnin when you come. Many, many thanks for the parcel; it will make tomorrow's dawn a happy one for the children. With best love, yours for erer, Rosa MIDDLETON." " A message from the dead! What the deuce does it mean ? What message ? What dead f Not that poor devil Middleton, surely. If it is, then I say it is a after the trobule he was to her in life ne can't let her alone now he is dead," and for once Grigson sat down to dinner with a frown, which it took a full bottle of Guinness's to dispel. ! The last streaks of a fiery sunset were dying out of the sky as he again set forth % a cool starlight walk to St.J&lda.; It would be a figsre ot speech to say he went ih obedience to the curious summons he Had received, for considering that he usually walked the same' road to the same destination three times a week without special invitation, it is highly probable he would have doue the same on this auspijious evening, summons or no summons, i The fact is, he was in love—as violently n love as a sedate lawyer at fifty could ver hope to be. After pleading for 20 [ears on behalf of clients, he had filed a Daim on his own account, had closed his special pleadings without a single demurrer, sfnd won his suit. Mrs. Rose Middleton, tfae object of his mature regard, had herself dutlived the sentimental age in ladies—that it to say, she was over thirty, a widow, and the mother of two blooming children. ] She was of good family, and had known dnd respected her lover from childhood, Before years and jgood living had made him dstbmatical arid fat. i The history of her first marriage was a sad one. Frank Middleton was the son of a ijich broker, whose money he inherited, but ^either his prudence nor capacity. Commercial gambling (he called it speculation) in bogus mining aud land ah ares, and all the other false and alluring traps daily Spread for such prey, landed him ultimately ifr the insolvency court, from wlreh he merged a whitened sepulchre full of dead 3leu's bones—the dead hopes of wealth, but without a spark of res jluti-m' left to tal-m them into life again. Then Grigson, &ho; had advised and warned in vain, instated on his iusuring his life for tim 1 benefit of the family, and found him such employment as he could be trusted with. Tne truth of the aphorism that nothing ikies a man like adversity was never better exemplified than in Middleton's <kse. He was base metal and rapidly degenerated. Not even the patient love of llis wife or the winning pretty helpless* dees of his children, much as he loved them, Could save him from himself. $6 from dins of omission, as hitherto, he passed to dins of commission, arid daily beBotted himself with drunkenness and obscenity. He was'only saved from completely breaking poor Rose's heart by a terrible calamity, the'hewS"of which was gently brokenf;o het by 1 Grigson. ' i '-" x;l Middleton hai gone on a trial trip into tho' country for a wine and spirit firm, and a few eveuings after his departure an acquaintance drew Grigson's attention to a country telegram in the evening paper : "A commercial traveller named Frank Middleton was ran over here to-day by the down train and killed. 11 Full of pity for the wife's distress the sympathetic pld fellow started immediately for tHe&pbfc;,'and sadly verilind the news by ro'c-gnising^as far as possible)' tho-remain-* ail I it 1 visiting card which was found in the pocket, and al&> b^ other circumstances. Three jrears had passed awaythat time; and'the first'bitter sorrow of the widow bad by degrees given place to a calm content. The insurance money on her husband's life, judiciously invested by Grigson, amply supplied her few wants and left her at leisure to devote all her love and care to the training atod education of her beautiful little Rose and 6turdy Frank. : How proud she was of them, and justly too, hut not more proud than her old friend, lfe having stood by her husband and herse.lt through every reverse, naturally found an ever hearty welcome, and so the children became his pets and playthings, the objects of bis bounty and the resting place of his thoughts in all moments of loneliness. Happy children! what would home and the world be wi<ho.u your sweet influenced The day without its sun, the night without its stars, the earth without its flowers would not be more blank. What wonder that a lonely old bachelor, looking from the sparkling blue eyes of little Rose into the mother's, and seeing the same loveliness there, should open his inmost heart to her! what wonder that be should one day burst oufwith " God blass the children and you, too, my dear Rose. I love you al! as iriy own flesh and blood. Let me be a father co them and a husband to you, and you will make me an old fellow happy for life." And what could 6he do but put her hand in his and sav—"For their 6akes and yours, and for all your goodness, I love you and will be a true wife to you." And so the wedding day was fixed for the very New Year's Dav following the Christ mas Eve on which the history commences. " Down, Rover, good dog ;" and Rover, who made a point of coming to an understanding with every visitor on the door- step, went down and rolled; oyer several • times to express his pleasure, while Grigson knocked at the door. There was a stentorian shout within, and the patter of four little feet along the passage. Then he was pulled into Mrs. Middleton's sittingrobm, and after kissing the family all around he c'ollipsed into a seat with a child chattering and laughing on each knee. It had of course been a day big with eventful preparation for Christmas festivities. The little hands had been busy from early morning decorating the house with tiny wreaths and branches. Frank had also conceived a wonderful project for constructing a summer-house of boughs in the shrubbery behind the house, and although Susan, ihe servant, said it reminded her of a blacklellow's wurlie, it was ncvert.hele.33 ' delightfully shady, and in consequence much appreciated by Rover. Then the aft rnoan had been enliverei by a trip to the city and an enchanting ramble through Paddy's Market, with its mountains of fine vegetables and luscious fruit, its Christmas poultry, cheap jacks, and cries of babes. Everything had to be duly chronicled to Uncle Grigson, who, with the weight of that ghostly message on his mind, showed none of his usual interest in their cheerful prattle, and was glad to bid them good-night. Mrs. Middleton left the room with the children, and Grigson drew his chair near the Freuch window, which'opened into the verandah. There was another window in the room overlooking the side-walk, and shaded by a gig'ntic creeper. The blind and lower sash of the window were raised to admit the air. In a minute or two Mrs. Middleton returned. " I'm so glad you came," she commenced at once, unlocking a secretaire and taking out a slip of paper. " I have spent the day in a fever of anxiety and doubt, and I couldn't have slept to-night without unbur- dening myself to you." She paused for a minute, and the gentleman improved the opportunity by passing his arm around her and drawing her into a seat. " Do you believe in spiritualism ?" she asked suddenly; ' Well, 1 yes, in a general way," replied he, beginning ' to look uncomfortable. " I believe in a spiritual world; but as for spirits leaving 'their locus in qtid 1 arid' coming back as ghosts of material formsrapping otit conundrums, upsetting furniture, and writing' nonsense in bi'd English —I call it legferdemain and rubbish." "Then how do" you explain this?" handing' him the slip of paper she held iri her hand. 1 Grigson took it, and read aloud —" Ba warned; take no marriage vow before a year hence.—A message from the dead." • " I found that," continued she, almost whispering, " lying on my dressing-table wheii I got up'this morning. ' It was certainly not there when I went to bed. can't tOnceive how it could have been put there during the night. All the outer doors were locked, and though my window was left slightly open at the top, any attempt to raise the lower sash would have roused mo ; besides, Rover would certainly liave alarmed ihe house. It has quite shaken my nerves ; I seem to be in an atmosphere of the supernatural." " Nonsense, my dear," answered Grigson, whose" professional instincts were now aroused. " Let ui reason this out. Admitting, for argument's sake, the possibility of Bach a thing, that is either spirit writing or, what is more likely, a confoundedly impudent joke. .Now this piece of paper is appireutly a leaf torn out of a pocket-book, not torn out in au emergency, because it is sailed and creased bb though it had been folded and cariied about in somebody's pocket after being written on. It isn't reasonable to supprse that spirits carry [iockethouks, and if they did it is too much to believe they have pockets to put them in. I see your mind is running on poor Frank. With all reverence for his memory this isu't his handwriting, and there is no reason to suppose that if he writes at all from the other world he would have changed his style. Have you asked Susan about it ?" " Yes," said she, " and the children also. They all s ty they did not put or even see any such paper there." "Then, if Susan is truthful, the only reasonable explanation iB that some scoundrel has committed foigery, burglary, and sacrilege, and got in through your window without waking you." "But who on earth would do such a thing ? What motive wonld induce anybody to run the risk of being caught," she asked doubtingly. " Ah, what motive ? I give it up, little Woman. Titfnk what deucedly queer things are done every day without apparent motive, simply because the world is half full of rogues and fools, who act all their their lives from motives which never suggest themselves to sensible and honest people." " No doubt you are right," sighed she. It .was weak and silly of me to let my feelings control my reason; but, really, William, I have had such a horrible feeling •such a haunted feeling—all day." " Liver complaint," suggested he; " or nervousness. A little medicine and a good sleep will put you rights Come, cheer up! Thiuk no more about it. I'll take this paper, and if the police don't huut the sneaking housebreaker down I'll know why. In the meantime give no opportunity for further annoyance." "I certainly shall not. And now thai it is done with, take a glass of wine and have a smoke," and she filled a wineglass from the sideboard and handed it to him. " Thank you, Rose. Here's to the New Year, with its new hopes. May it be a happy one for us all." " Amen," replied the widow softly. At that instant there was a rustle amongst the shrubbery at the side window, as though a breath of wind had passed that way; but not a leaf stirred. Next fol lowed what sounded like a smothered groan. Grig.-on nearly swallowed his glass, while his companion clutched his arm, and her face grew white as she whispered— "What's that?" "The dog, I expect," he replied, instantly recovering himself, and walking to the window. "Rover! Rover I Here, boy. It's all right; the brute must have been dreaming." But Rover was at that moment sound asleep on the cool floor ot the lobby, and if Grigson was puzzled he kept it to himself, and reseating himself, lauuehed out into a description of his plans for making to-morrow the very jolliest of Christmas days for the youngsters. From the immediate present he glided in talk to the remote future, and discussed Frank's abilities and Rose's virtues, and his schemes for their education and success until the mother's face glowed with delight and he left her after a. tender good-night, cheerful and happy again. Next day was given up to tranquil repose. Uncle Grigson appeared in time for church in all the dazzling glory of a clean white suit, new puggaree, and green-lined umbrella, and ha 1 to receive the compliments of the season, and a vote of thanks (which little Rose conveyed with few words and many kisses) for his consignment of Christmas gifts, and then the family set off to All SaintB for morning service. The lawyer was not strictly orthodox. His Christianity consisted in forming his own standard of right, and having acted up to it he conceived he had discharged bis entire duty, but on this Christmas morn, with his bride elect, and his pet proteges by his side in church, and a new life opening before him, his heart responded fervently to the burden of the angels' song as it swelled forth in the. beautiful anthem, aud was echoed in the solemn thanksgiving— " Peace on earth, goodwill towards men." Aud a sense of gratitude, begotten of the season aud surroundings, aw»ke some regretful aspirations for a higher life and a closer sympathy with a crucified and risen Saviour, and sent hirii homo chastened and subdued. Then followed dinner. And such a dinner I It was, as Grigson, seated at the head of the table with his napkin tucke I under his chin, suggested, Imperial federation in a small way. The roast beef and plum puddtag of old England, and the wines aud fruits of Australia; John Bull presiding, nnd young Australia seated around , and never were either more worthily represented. Dinner over, Mr. Grigson, on the invitation of Frank (who assumed the duties of host), orept into the arbor, where, sitting on his haunches with his head in the roof, lie had an ice cream and laughed immensely. Other youthful friends having arrived the rest of the afternoon and evening was devoted to merry games, cake, and fruit, and it was 10 o'clock before Mrs. Middleton, having dispatched all their little visitors and laid htr children's weary heads on their pillows, sat down for a quiet talk with her lover. It was a hot, still night, and Grigson had taken his chair into the verandah, where, sitting in the light through the open French window he could catch whatever breeze was stirring. "Another Christmas day gone," he sighed. " Are you sorry to part with it ?" "Well, a little; these red-letter days come so seldom in a fellow's life. However, it's a day less to wait for the day, eh, Rose." "Yes," replied she laughingly, "and it'6 the last Christmas Day you'll 8] spend as a free man." " By Jove, so it is. It never struck me that way. No matter, I'll have a kind little master, and be a happy old slave. By the way, have you had any more spiritual manifestations on the subject ?" Pray, my dear, don't laugh at me," replied she. " It impressed me seriously indeed; even as a joke I consider it a serious matter." " I'll make it a serious matter for the joker if I ever get a chance," growled he in reply. " I'll cure him of his humorous tendencies." A minute of silence, and then she said, timidly, " William, I want you to do me a favor. Let our marriage be postponed for a time. Don't think my feelings for you have been influenced by this affair," she continued, interrupting an exclamation from Grigson, " or that I think it is anything more than a stupid trick, but still it has upset me, and I would like a little time to shake off my queer impressions. I don't want any shadows, real or imaginary, to cloud our wedding day." Before replying he reflectively took out and lit a cigar, and then turning his chair towards the widow, who was seated just inside the room, and partly facing the open side window previously mentioned, ho was about to speak when the dog started up with a suspicious growl and ran around the house corner and down the sidewalk, where he gave a loud bark or two, and then commenced to whine piteously. Grigaon had risen and was about to follow, but Mrs. Middleton in a hurried, frightened tone urged, " Come to me; don't go away," and turning to her he saw she was looking intently at the window. In that instant he saw her eyes dilate with a fearful terror, saw her arise automatically with both arms outstretched, and then before he could reach her she uttered one piercing scream and fell stricken and senseless to the floor. In a moment he had raised her, but not without a glance at the open window. It disclosed nothing but the green leaves glancing in the light from within and the black sky set with stars beyond. That dreadful alarm brought Susan running in at one door, and Rover at the other, and giving her fainting mistress into the girl's charge with a few directions for her restoration, Grigson called the dog and rushed outside. He went panting down the sidewalk to the back gate, then round the house, peering amongst the tres; thence to the front garden gate and into the street. Mrs. Middleton's house stood a few doors from the intersection of two streets, one of which the house faced, the back gate opening into a lane which communicated with the other. With the view of intercepting any prowlers escaping from the lane the lawyer was in full flight around the corner, when he wa3 pulled up breathless and perspiring by a constable. " Now thin, what's the maning of this ?" demanded the officer with asperity. " What are ye afther, or what's afther you ? " " I'm after a housebreaker," Grigson, leaning against the adjacent lamp post and mopping his face, " or a ghost." " Faith, you might be the same yourself, flitting aronnd in the dark in that toggery," retorted No. 92 coolly. "Confound your impudence," snarled Grigson. "Don't waste jokes on me. You're paid for your long legs and big hulking carcase, and not for your wit. Will you do your duty and look for the rascal?" " Look for a ghost 1 The divil a one o' me. Go home, or I'll lock you up; you're drunk, old man," and Bobby commenced to move on. " I tell you there's boon a huuso broken into, and the burglars are about that lane. If you don't go and look, by heaven?, I'll report you." " Why didn't you say so at first ?" and alter a little further explanation the con- stable turned back to make a search, and the other returned to the house. Here be found Mrs. Miidleton in the dining-room, recovered from her swoon, and sobbing hysterically. Motioning Susan to leave the room he tried to'soothe her. " What has frightened you, my poor little woman ?" " The face! the face at the window !"' she moaned, shaking with terror. " Whose face, Rose ?" he asked, while his heart seemed to stop its beating. "Frank's; my poor dear husband's! Oh, what shall I do ? What shall I do she continued, wringing her bands. Thoioughly alarmed at her condition, Grigson recalled Susan and suggested that she had better take her mistress to bed while he went for a doctor; but Mrs. Middleton said no, she would go to bed ; and Susan should stay by her. And assuring him that she would soon feel better, she retired. Not caring to return to the sitting-room, and sorely puzzled and perturbed, the man of law resorted to his inevitable cigar case for comfort, and had just succeeded in Ailing the room with smoke when Susan came back. Mrs Middleton was asleep under the influence of a draught which she had got from the doctor the previous day. And so, after terrifying the girl by giving her strict orders to lock every door and window in the house, he rose to go. At that moment came a low rap at the front door, and Susan having positively refused to stir the lawyer opened it, and found—not the ghost, but constable No. 92, who in somewhat ghostly manner beckoned him outside. Here a low conversation took place, which ended in both going away together. Next day was Boxing Day, and had nothing occurred it would have been spent by the family in a yachting excursion in tho bay; but Mrs. Middleton was too ill to go out, and Grigson did not arrive till nearly midday. He looked almost as worn and troubled as 6he did, and there was an air of suppressed excitement about him which even the widow noticed. She also observed that although lie was as tender and considerate as ever, yet thero was a formal politeness in his manner which was altogether new, and chilled her to her heart. Expecting he would ridicule ber ghost-seeing powers as an effect of imagination or indigestion, she was sur prised that he made no reference to it, Ho did remark, however, just before going, I have been thinking about what you said last night, and I agree with you that our marriage had bolter be postponed." And so it was. New Year's day came and went, and there was no wedding, and though her lover came and went alto, as heretofore, yet the widow felt that he came as a lover no longer, but rather as the friend of old day6. Not that he was kind, for during all that Christmas week, while 6he was suffering from low fever, he was constant in his sympathetic attentions driving her and the children about, and neglecting nothing which could minister to her comfort and the little ones' enjoyn but there were no longer any of those little familiarities which are the freemasonry of love amongst all ages and conditions of people. Sometimes he was moody and absent-minded, creeping into the house abruptly, and after watching the children at their play or the mother at her needlework for some minutes in melancholy silence, departing as suddenly as he came. Then one day—a few days after the new year—the postman brought a note from him, inti- mating that he was unavoidably detained at home, but would see them in a few days. The widow's perplexity had been growing day by day, and this brought it to a climax Fearing he was ill she resolved to go and see him, and at all events come to an understanding with him. Accordingly she set off the same afternoon for South 'Yarra, and, arriving at the house, uent purposely around to the back, and enquired for Mrs. Wiliums, with whom she had a slight acquaintance. The little housemaid who answered the door showed her into a small sitting room, and went to apprise the old lady ot her visitor. Seating herself, Mrs. Middleton noticed a second closed door in the room, leading apparently into one of the front rooms of the house, from which came a subdued murmur ol voices. Either the girl had forgotten her or Mrs. Williams was occupied in making herself presentable, for she did not come, and Mrs. Middleton was about to go in search of her when her attention was suddenly rivetted by a startling occurrence. To understand what that occurrence was we must look into the next room, where at that moment Grigson was seated, his gaze intently fixed on the face of a younger man who lay wearily on the opposite couch, ft was a pinched and emaciated face, with bright sunken eyes, a face which in spite of the deadly touches of mental suffering and bodily' disease, still retained the faint outlines of former grace. One glance was enough to show thai the man was dying. There were cooling drinks and medicine bottles on the table by his side, and the air of the room was heavy with the smell ot drugs. They had been in earnest conversation, and the invalid paused to moisten his dry lips from a wine- glass on the table, sinking back gaspingly after the effort " I'm choking for air," he panted, motioning to the door of the room in which Mrs Middleton was seated. " Open it." His companion rose, opened the door about half way, and returning to his seat resumed thecontersation. " I tell you, Frank, there is no time to be lost; you must let me go at once. It is a duty you owe to me, as well as to your wife and children. Your memory is as dear to her as ever, and all her remembrances of you have been stirred by your message and unlucky appearance. I'm not blaming you, my poor fellow. I say this to convince you that your reason Tor refusing to disclose yourself no longer exists. Her tranquillity is already disturbed, her sus picions already aroused. There was a slight sound in the next room, and Grigson stopped and looked sharply around. ~ It's nothing," said the other, noticing the look; "nobody could go in there without my seeing them." Could they have seen that form drooping against the wall with clasped hands, white face, and eager straining eyes 1 But they did not, and Grigson went on— However painful it may be to recover you only to lose you again, think of the "ifelong pain to her, and the reproach to me of the discovery that you died in my house without a word from her when you might have died in ler arms." " No more," groaned the other. " Bring her to me." There was a wild cry. "Frank, Frank, my husband; I am here. Oh, my darling, ray darling;" and Mrs. Middleton was on her knees by her husband, with both arms entwined about his neck, and his poor head on her breast, before Grigson ealized what had happened. Then he crept out of the room, and shutting the door behind him stole into the lobby, wiping his eyes and blowing his nose with l»reat vigor. Here he intercepted Mrs. Williams bustling along the passage. " Where's Mrs. Middleton ?" she began; then noticing her lodgar's face she started back with "Lor,sir, whatever's the matter?" " I want to speak to you," be whispered, drawing her into the study, and with solemn injunctions of secrecy he explained matters, while the old lady's eyes grew double -sized with amazement. " I'll tell yon all about it some time," he concluded, as she went out, " but now get the poor thing a cup of something or other ready, and let no ono go near them." And then he sat down to think and wait. The sun went down, and the fiery glow of day cooled into the twilight gloom before the invalid's bell rang. Then going into the room Grigson found wife and husband hand in hand, " I can die happy now," breathed the sick man. "I've told her all, and she has forgiven me" Mrs. Middleton stopped and kissed him obbingly; then piteously wailed, "Oh, William, can nothing be done to save him?" " Nothing," interposed her husband uickly, " but what has been done. Rose, ",ose, it's better to; I have wasted my life. If I lived I might waste yours. Grigson, my dear old fiiend, come near to me, I want things to go on between you after I am gone just as though I had never come back. Promise me this, or I shall feel that have only come like an old blight Now send for my children." Lights were brought and a messenger dispached to St Hilda Middleton having been taken to bed dropped off in a feverish sleep, and as his wife refused to leave his side for a moment Grigson sent for some refreshment, and then sat down to dinner in company with Mrs. Williams. The old ly's curiosity was sufficiently whetted to ,ke her company unp'eaEantly interrogative, and by passing from one artfully sympathetic question to another, she managed to piece together the following explanation of the whole mystery. The report of Middleton's death originated in a case of mistaken indentity. On the day of the accident he had met the man who really was killed at an hotel where they both put up. They exchanged cards and left the hotel together, but Middleton went by the up-train, while his companion, waiting about the station for the Melbourne train, was subsequently run over and so mutilated that recognition of the remains, except by dress and circumstances, was impossible. Middleton heard the report of lis own death at the next town he stopped , 0 w ® s dee P'y "i debt, hopeless of death might be believed, the iusur'ance money on his life paid, and his family provided for. Everything favoured him, and he contrived to escape recognition during the whole time he was working or tramping about the thinly settled parts of a neighboring colony, undergoing all the vicissitudes of a vagabond life, and by privation, exposure, and excess sowing the seeds ot the disease which was now killing him. As he got weaker and more despondent the ever-prespnt longing to see his wife and children again mastered every other feeling. He had gone too far to turn back, but he had fitful halfformed notions of getting his family away, and after reconciling his wife to the fraud he had practised, live on the results ot it. So he made his way back to Melbourne in disguise, and hiding in the daytime, and going about watching and enquiring at night, heard all about the intended marriage. His better feelings were touched by the sight of his wife's happiness, and advised that his own days were nearly told, he resolved, if possible, to delay the marriage, and then like a second Enoch Arden go away and die. He accordingly contrived with the connivance of Rover to get into the house and leave that mysterious message written in a disguised hand, and since Mrs. Middleton's information that the doors had all been locked depended on Susan's memory, which was unstable as water and treacherous withal, the reader will better understand his method of doing it than the motives which could suggest so stupid a method. Probably his mind was becoming morbid under the influence of his surroundings, for he was at the window the following evening, anxious not only to feast his eyes on the sight of his wife, "but also to hear some indication of the success of his trick. As will be remembered his emotion on that night nearly led to the discovery which followed his unlucky visit on the following evening, and it was only by crouching close to the wall that he escaped Grigson's observation. After involuntarily showing bis face at the window on Christmas night he crept under the shrubbery until Grigson got into the street, and then making his way into the lane he was met by the constable and detained. In the interview which followed with Grigson everything was explained. The astonished lawyer took him to South Yarra, called in a doctor, and nursed the prodigal like a ohild. What followed may be told briefly. Frank Middleton died a few weeks afterwards, and was quietly buried at St. Kilda; so quietly that not a whisper of his strange romance ever got abroad. At the widow's urgent request Grigson arranged with the society to refund the insurance money, and though some unpleasant enquiries were suggested the directors were for once easily satisfied, and took a cheque silently and thankfully. It is scarcely neoessary to say in conclusion that Mr. Grigson is no longer a bachelor, and it is only fair to Mrs. Grigson to add that he has been growing fatter and jollier every day since the wedding. 