The A. J. C. Summer Cup. Bt Nbmo. The A. J. C. handicapper lias given the weights for the Summer Cup, the Carrington Stakes, and Tat tersall's Cup without delay, and the fixtures for the three events will be found in your columns this week. Of course, Trenton is complimented with the top wejgHfih the Summer Cup, and;9st. I21b. has been deemSgdM^ portion. He is notoriously a moBt difficult ; hors&^b iarain, but that is a matter that must be left entirely to Ike FoUlsnam. Those that saw the great raceheran when he carried 9st. 61b. end ran stcond to Arsenal, 7ut. 61b., for the Melbourne Cup of last season, could not but be impressed that he is the best horse at present upon the Australian turf. At the same meeting he cantered horns for the Royal Park Stakes, and on the last day, with 9st. 61b. in the saddle, finished within a length of Trident, 7st. 31b., in the Canterbury Plate, when the three miles were covered in the wonderfully fast time of 5 minutes 25 J seconds. Such deeds show clearly that he has not received an ounce too much here ; and if he can be sent to the post dressed in his best suit, he will hare a great deal to say in the matter, for a terr pounds here or there make very little difference to a racehorse. The great mistake of the handicap follows, for we find Algerian at fist. 71b., and he is called upon to -give 21b. to gilrermine. Such a concession is hard to understand when it is remembered that Silveraune beat him at even -weights by a length in .the Melbourne Stakes, : and gave him 191b. and a most decided heating in the Melbourne Cup. Therefore, if figures are to be trusted, Algerian cannot have the ghost of a chance with the black .son of Napoleon. A mile and a-half is Honeydew's favourite distance. In the autumn of last season he astonished us by defeating Nelson at weight for age in the Autumn Stakes, and later on, at th« TattersaU's Grand National Meeting, Sst 41b. did not stop him from securing the 'Winter Stakes, 1£ mile, in 2 minutes 13 seconds. At the Spring Meeting of the A. J. C. he got third to Trident and Dunlop for the Spring Stakes; with 9st. 31b. failed to get*a place in the Squatters' Handicap won by Leichhardt, and also, finished* out of a place in the Waverley Handicap, with 8st. 121b.; won by Dunlop, 8st. 101b. When really well.- he is un doubtedly a great horse over this particular distance ; but, all things considered, he might have been let off a trine easier. 'Whatever Spade Guinea may have been in Maoriland she has signally failed to keep up her reputation, since her arrival in Australia, and, at a glance, 9st. would seem to be more than she can manage'; but, perchance, the handicapper knows best. Since last year's Melbourne Cup we know little of Arsenal; but he is every inch. a racehorse, and* although he has been jumped up a good deal on the score of weight, could hardly have received much less than the fist. 121b. which has been deemed his por tion. With the same weight, Pasha may also be well taken care of, for, after all, his Wagga Gup victory with Dst. should not carry too' much importance, for they were a very moderate lot behind, him,, and it is 'clear that his Yan Yean Stakes victory and his sub sequent running in the Veteran Stakes, when, with * 8st. 71b., he finished second to Silvennine, . 9st. 61b., and the mile and a-half was run in 2 minutes. 44 seconds, have caused him to come in for his present impost. That he is a good horse there cannot be a doubt ; but at even weights a student of public form must have most leaning towards Arsenal. It is neces sary to 'hark back ' a deal to strike the form of First Chester, for it was evident to everyone that he was not in anything like form at the Sydney Hunt Club, Tattersall's, or the other meetings where he has played a part since his return to the real business of life. His most impressive deeds in the past were accomplished- as a three years old, when he won the . Hawkesbury Guineas, a mile, in 1 minute 45£ seconds ; ran a brillian tthird to Nordenfeldt and Uralla for the A. J. C. Derby ; with 9st. 31b. won the Great Foal Stakes, 1* mile, from Eagte Grange, Lennox, andTTraUa, in 2 minutes 15* seconds; end ran Nordenfeldt to a*ead for the Victoria Darby. If he can be made to return to his Derby form he would be dangerous in any company, even with his present weight; but as the chances we rather against his ever being eo good as he was in the past, it is probable that the work would not have been spoiled had a little more consideration been shown him. Abner was well taken care of at the same ?weight ; but he has already left the list, and the Hon. W. A. Long has acted in*, sportsmanlike manner by drawing the pen through his name, at such an early date, for, although he had iiohfe the best of the weights, many of the public are such thorough believers in the son of St. Albans that they would have backed him at any weight Niagara beat The Australian Peer and ran second to Abercprn for our 'Blue Ribbon,' and showed improvement upon that form by running a dead heat with Abercorn for second place in the Victorian Derby ; and when it is con sidered that in the last-named event he had 31b. more than has f alien to his lot here and the mile and a-half ?was run in 2 minuteH40 seconds, he must be regarded as having an excellent chance. He has not been such a popular idol as Abercorn, but that he is quite as good a colt as the son of Chester must be admitted, and if Abercorn were here with 8st» 71b. it is more than likely that he would lea* e the paddock first favourite. Though few hold a better opinion of Melanion than I do, I cannot admit any great fondness for him when condemned to carry 8Bt. 4lb. over a mile and a-half m such a mixecT field. Until he left the Clarence River and joined Fielder's Chelsea-street string, he was a comparative stranger to the racing men of the metropolis, and he then first came into note by the stanch way in ?which he was backed for the A. J. C. Welter Jffandi cap but 8st. 81b. brought him trouble and he was never in the hunt. He ran with 8st. 31b. in the Shorts won by The Felon, but did not get a place ; but on the third day astonished his party, and probably himself, by carrying flst. to the front for the Suburban Handicap, 7 furlongs, in 1.30J; and on the last day with 8st. 31b., ran third to Teddy Yuille and Dividend for the Free Handicap. At the Sydney Hunt Club Meeting, held at Canterbury Park on October 22, he carried 8st. 71b., and won the Hunt flub Handicap, a mile, and a furlong, beating Whisper Lom (6st. 71b.), Belvoirina (6st. 121b.), and others in 1.68$. Now some of those performances had a fair ok*1* of merit» but 8U*ely they do not entitle him to be placed on a par ?with Cardigan, . who won the Hawkesbury, Grand Handicap and the Great Metropolitan States.:, If Cardigan and Melanion were to be matched ? tojftui:' a mile and a-half at even weights, the odds on the former would be something like those offered on the : Beach-Henlan mateh; and if Cardigan does not get home before the Clarence River chestnut, wherever, they may finish, I shall have fairly earned the repu tation of being a very bad Judge of the game. In the Metropolitan Stakes Cardigan received 201b. from Acolyte, and beat him by a short half-neck after a desperate struggle. Here Cardigan has to meet Acolyte on even terms, and so is made to give him 201b. for that triaing beating. Really 20lb. for a neck 'beating is something beyond a joke, and if Acolyte should strip as well as he was on Metropolitan day lie should get home alongwaybefore theheroof Balaclava. Ben Bolt hae a lot of good deeds to his creflit, not the least of which are running second to Tempe, 6st. 131b., with 6Bt. 61b., for Tattersall's Cup ; carrying6st. 111b. to the front for the Carrington Stakes, a mile and; three furlongs, in 2.26 ; and carrying 7st 61b. to the front for the Caulfield Cup, beating Suvermirie, 8st., Brltishe*. 8st. 2lb., arid a «obd field; and casting: the mile and a-half' behind in 2A2. Though a jgoed little fellow in any company, tt is queetionable'if he has any particular affection for anything above 8rt., and it may be that the extra couple of pounds will trouble him. Fit and well, Cairo would be one of the most difficult horses to beat, but there comes the trouble, for Alsopp, with all his care and attention, seems to be unable to keep him right, and, therefore, he should be left in peace until time settles the ques tion as to his soundness. Carlyon, Thunderbolt, ' and Yebba each have 8st. and at that one should have most leaning towards the first named, if only because he won the* V. R. C. Handicap, 1£ mile, with 7st. 71b., in 3.15J, beating the Caulfield Cup winner, Oakleigh, 8st., Keith, 7st. 61b., and a considerable field. Prior to that he had lowered the colours of Algerian in the Royal Park Stakes, but that race resolved itself not only into a match, but into a half-mile flutter. Had the pace been made pretty solid and true all the way, and not too fast, it was the pretty general opinion of those who saw it that the big son of Goldsbrough would have defeated the Hon. James White's colt Leioh hardt, Crossfire, andlnvennay have been aptly handi capped, and Volcano, Kitawa, and Phaon have no reason to be dissatisfied ; while Acme may be regarded as being particularly well in with 7st. 71b. Frisco has been very fairly used, ana Fraud appears to have been thrown in. Solo, Burrilda, Silver King, and Enigma would seem to be held safely by First Flaneur, 'Willeroo, T King's Own, and Upper Cut. : Last month First 'Flaneur won the Flying Handicap, *- furlongs ; and $0 yards, at Canterbury Park, with 7st.71b. up, in 1.22J, beating a smart field, including Rossiville 7st. 91b. and Sentence, 7st. 91b., and here he has the 71b. knocked off and about a mile further to go. Whether the length of the journey win affect him or not remains to be seen, but apart from that he is very well in, and that his friendB are of the same opinion is shown by the fact that he is now a decidedly better favourite than anything. Old Willeroo is one of those good, constant old parties that can always be relied upon to run « good race, and, with suck an easily managed impost as 7st., he may be classed amongst the dangerous division, With 121b. more than he carried into third place in the Metropolitan Stakes, Upper Cut should have a deal to say; and if ever The Queen, Bonnie Doon( and Rosebud are going to do a big thing, the pneent is their opportunity. Although I cannot quite agree with several of the fixtures, the handicapper must be complimented upon the result of his efforts, and I shall be fortunate if I have the winner in the follow ing half-dozen :— Acolyte, Carlyon, Cardigan, Acme, First Flaneur, and-Gtoesure. 