FICTION. Fro M Bn fit ib * Amarlcan, mod Other Par! «dt cali. THE ÜYSTERY. CHAPTER XXXIV.-(Continued.) I had reached the lower end of the avenue," con- tinued Reginald Stanford, "and was turning, when I saw two persons, a man and a woman enter. ' Who can they be, and what can they b» about here at this hour ?' I thought and stood still to watch. They carno nearer. In the starlight I saw the woman's face. In the stillness of the night I heard her words. She was telling the man how much she loved him, how much she should always love him, and then they were out of sight and hearing Kate, was that woman you?" She sat looking at him, her blue eyes dilated, her lips apart, her hands clasped in a sort of a | trance of terror. " Was it you, Kate ?" repeated her lover. " Am I to believe my oyes ?" She roused herself to speak, by an effort, " Oh, Reginald !" she cried, '?" what hare you dono ? Why-why did you go there P" There was dismay in her tone, consternation in in her face, but notKng else. No shame, no guilt, no confusion-nothing but that look of grief and regret. A conviction that had possessed him that it was all right, somehow or other, became stronger than ever now ; but his face did not show it ; perhaps unconsciously in his secret heart he was hoping it would not be all right. " Perhaps I was unfortunate in going there," ho said coldly ; " but I assure you I had very little idea of what I was to see and hear. Having heard and having seen, I am afraid I must insist on an ex- planation." " Which I cannot give you," said Kate, her colar rising and looking steadfastly ia his dark eyes. " You cannot give me?" said Reginald, haughtily, "Do I understand you aright, Miss Delaplaine?" She laid her hand on his with a gentle, caressing touch and bent forward. She loved him too deeply and tenderly to bear that cold, proud tone. " We have never quarrelled yet, Reginald," she said sweetly. " Let us not quarrel now. I cannot give you the explanation you asked ; but papa shall." , , , He lifted the beautiful hand to his lips reverently feeling somehow that he was unworthy to touch the hem of her garment. "You aro an angel, Kate-incapable of doing wrong. I ought to be content without an explana knowing you as I do j,but-" But you must have one nevertheless. Reginald, I am sorry you saw me last night." I He looked at her, hardly knowing what to say. She was gazing sadly out at the sunny prospect. " Poor iellow !" she said, half to herself j "poor follow ! Those midnights walks are almost all the comfort he has in this world, and now he will be afraid to venture out any more." Still Mr. Stanford sat silent. Kate smiled at him, and put away her work. " My poor Reginald !" she said, pushing back his rich dark hair oil his forehead, and blushing beauti- fully at her own caress. " What a perfect face ! Wait for me here. Papa is in his study. I will speak to him." She left the room, and Mr. Stanford sat and waited, and felt more uncomfortable than he had ever felt in his life. He was cuiiouB too. What family mystery was about to be revealed to him ? What secret was this hidden in Gower Hall ? " I have heard there is a skeleton in every house, he thought ; *' but I never dreamed there was one hidden away in this romantic old mansion. Per- haps I have seen the ghost of Gower Hall, as well as the rest. How calmly Kate took it !-no sign of guilt or wrong-doing in that exquisite face. If I ever turn out a villain, thera will be no excuse for my villainy on her part." Kate was absent nearly half an hour, but it seemed a little century to the impatent waiter. When she entered there were traces of tears on her face, but her manner was quite calm. " Papa is waiting for you," she said, " in his stuly." He arose, walked to the door, and stood there, irresolute. . " Wheie shall I find you when I return ?" " Here." She said it softly, and a little sadly. Mr. Stan- ford crossed to where she stood, and took her in his arms-a very unusual proceeding for him-and kissed her. "I have perfect confidence in your truth, my dearest," he said. " I am as sure of your goodness and innocence before your father's explanation as I can possibly be after it." There was a witness to this loving declaration that neither of them bargained for. Rose, gttting tired of her own company, had run down stairs to entertain herself with her own music. Mr. Stan- ford had left the door ajar when he returned; and Rose waB just in time to see the embrace and hear the tender speech. Just in time, t«o, to fly before Reginald left the drawing-room and took his way to the study. Rose played no piano that morning ; but, locked in her own room, made the most of what she had heard and seen. Kate had the drawing-room to herself, and sat, with elapsed hands, looking out at the bright March morning. The business of the day went on in the house ; doors opened and shut ; Grace and Evvy came in and went away again ; Doctor Delaplaine came up ¡ and, in the study» Reginald Stanford was hearing the story of Miss Delaplaine's midnight stroll. " You must have heard it sooner or later," Cap- tain Delaplaine said, " between this and next June. As well now as at any other time." Mr. S,tanford bowed and waited. i " You have not resided at Gower Hall so long without hearing of the invalid up stairs, whom Ogden attends, and who never appears in our midst, and about whom all the house are more or lew curious !" " Mr. Richards ?" said Mr. Stanford, surprised. "Yes, Mr. Richards; you have heard of him. It was Mr. Richards whom you saw with Kate last night." I Reginald Stanford dropped the paper-knife ho had boen drumming with, and stared blankly at Captain Delaplaine. ".Mr. Richards!" ho eohoed; "Mr. Richards, who is too ill to leave his room !" « jriNot now," said Captain Delaplaine, calmly; " he was when he first came here. You know what ailed Maobeth-a sickness physicians could not cure. That is Mr. Richards' complaint-a mind diseased. Remorse and terror are that unhappy young man's ailments and jailers." There was a dead pause. Reginald Stanford, still perplexed, gazed at his father-in-law-elect, and waited for something more satisfactory. J'It is. not a pleasant atpry to tell,"*- Captain De- laplaine went on, in 'a Bubdued voice ; " the story of a young man's folly, and madness and guilt ; but it must be told. The man you saw last night is barely twènty-three"yeârs of age, but all the promise of his life is'gone, henceforth he can be nothing but a haunted outcast on the earth, with the stain of murder on his soul." ' " Good heavens !" exclaimed his hearer, starting to his feet ; " and Kate walks with such a man, alone, and at midnight !" " Yes," said Kate's father, proudly, " and will again, please God. Poor boy! poor, unfortunate boy ! if Kate and I were to desert him, he would be lost indeed." > " This is all Greek to me," said Mr. Stanford, coldly, resuming hie seat. " If the man be what you say a murderer, nothing can excuse Miss Delaplaine's conduct." Listen, Reginald, my dear boy-almost my son listen and you will have nothing but pity for the poor man up stairs, and deeper love for my noble daughter. But, first I have your word of honor that what I tell you shall remain a secret ?" " Reginald bowed proudly, and listened as Captain Delaplaine, in a broken voice, rehearsed the whole of Harry's wretched story, suppressing only the fact that ho was his son. When he had finished there was a pause. Reginald Stanford looked at Captain Delaplaine's pale, agitated, face. " You have told mo a horrible story," he said. " I' can hardly blame this man for what he has done ; but what claim has he on you that you should feel for him and screen him as you do ? What claim has he on my future wife that she should take these nightly walks with him unknown to me ?" "The strongest claim that man can have," was the answer; he is my son-he is Kate's only I brother !" "My God! Captain Delaplaine, what are you saying?" "The truth," Captain Delaplaine said, in a broken ' voice. " Heaven help me- Heaven pity him ! The wretched man whose story you have heard, who dwells concealed under this roof, is my only son, Henry Delaplaine." He covered his face with his hands. Reginald Stanford sat confounded. " I never dreamed of this ! I never dreamed of this !" he said, aghast. " I thought your son waB dead JJ' \ "TÄey all think so," said the captain without looking up j." but you known the truth» Some day, ere long, you shall visit him, when I have prepared him for your coming. You understand all you heard and sa.v now ?" "My dear sir," said-Mr: Stanford, grasping the elder man's hand, " forgive me ! No matter what I saw, I must have been mnd to doubt Kate ! Your secret is as safe with me aB with yourself. I shall leave you now, I must see Kate." " Yes, poor child. Love her and trust her with your whole heart, Reginald, for she is worthy." Reginald Stanford went out, still bewildered by all he had heard, and returned to the drawing room. Kate sat as he had left her, looking dreamily out at the bright blue sky. "My dearest," he said, bending over her and touching the white brow, " can you ever forgive me for doubting you? You are the truest, the best, the bravest of women." She lifted her loving blue eyes, filled with tears, to the handsome face of her betrothed. " To those I love I hope I am-and more. Before I grow false or treacherous, I pray God that I may die !" {To be continued.) 