The Essayist. Alfred Domett. BY IRIS. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] Among the telegrams on the 4th of November was one announcing the death of a man of whom Browning is reported to have spoken as the greatest poet of his time. The fruxt of Alfred Domett's life has been yielded in the form of one poem, entitled " Ranolf and Amohia." The sole fault, so far as I am aware, that the critics have been able to discover in this flowering of the poet's genius is its length ; a whimsical objection surely, for why not read the same amount ol matter enclosed between two boards as one would read diffused throughout several volumes P The story is enthralling in ita interest; it is a heart felt individual expression of feeling in the form of a narrative, and the digressions are not less interesting than tho history of the lovers, one of whom was an Englishman and the other a Maori maiden. The long sweet dawning of their love, the account of the dangers from whioh each was fortunate enough to resoue the other in turn, their marriage and idyllio life in the woods, are presented with enohanting tender ness and lingering oare. Though an extraordinary rango of subjects has boon touchod upon throughout this mar vol lous poem, tlie stylo renders tho matter lumin ous, aud the simplost-minded reader need appre hend finding nothing too abstruso for easy com prehension, though he carries us with tho horo through all the fields of modern speculation, in the second and third cantos. Ranolf, though a wanderer on tho faoe of the earth, without any definite object in lifo beyond freeing his mind from the limitations of ** cramping creeds," was for from desiring to Send his existence in the pursuit of sensations, c aspired to choose and refine his experience, to cultivate and extend his receptive faculties; but he desired, also, to take has share of the common burdens. His enthusiasms were rich and manifold, not tangled; he dissected every subjeot of thought with the skill of an anato mist, following eaoh train of heaven* scaling speculation to its logical conclusion by the finest thread of argument. Liko all men of pure genius, Alfred Domett teaches us that poetry is an existence by itself, independent of tlie material organs needed lor its interpretation to our senses: the fountain whence it flows is intrinsically ideal and beau tiful. Every tench of nature thrilled him. He was so finely organised as to be able to penc* ***£ H?* 0 re«J ionfl wnePe the air is music, and oould faithfully report the oommunion he had held with the Spirit of the World. His thoughts were alive; ho saw tho body of naturo overflowed with life. His is not the talent that juggles and frolics, but tho genius whioh realises and adds. We hoar no ground-tone of conven tionality running through his poetry; he unlocks for us the secret of tho world, and admits us to realms where we Baw jacinth- downs, and topaz spurting streams, and up lands opaline, of -Jr*eted pearl with roey-greea rouections Bhot and mildest rainbow sheen. Where snow-drifts of blert angels spread and ewana, vr^r.J!^ tteJi oli *5° P"***** ***** Ho- aums-stam Uplifted—floated—borne away t In communing with the spirit ol the impene trable mystery and beholding the vast sub* limities of creation, hia corresponding faculty springs into lull activity and he knows that —- not for alow deductions—wrong or right— Thoae marvels gleam tnmsoewdent but to flood The soul with inspiration t There is neither looawness nor oonfusion of plan to be met with throughout the book. The mental processes of Ranolf are presented in the direotest way. His learning is deftly handled, giving evidenoe ol highly-trained faculties nnd brilliant literary capacity. Tho soliloquies of the different characters read liko the faithful reflection of the workings of real minds. Ranolf listens with rare tenderness and quiet reveretaee to the unfolding ol tbe Maori faith by Amohia •nd her women; with exquisite sympathy and insight he detects the element ol truth under lying their pagan dogmas. His own reflections noon the story of Hapac, told by Amohia, in the sixth canto, are full of individuality nnd fresh suggestions. The poet penetrates deeply into tbe nceenes ol maidens' minds, and reveals to us with tender playfulness what thoughts lurk there, in the exquisite pearls ol song uttered from time to time by Amohia. The poem, though in the main centring round the ethical conditions, which are the pro duct of life, presents abundance of objective interest, and might be read with pleasure and advantage by those whose senses me least easily penetrated by tbe -resonant beauty of the poetry. It is difficult to imagine any olass of reader to whom aome aspect of the book will not offer enjoyment. The narrative is of ex citing interest, and abounds in novel situations; the pages are peopled with real human beings, who would bleed if they were pricked; the lovers of Nature, whether merely delighting in so much of her beauty as is apparent to the senses, or those whoso finer insight reveals the universo to them as " thought precipitated," will here find agreeable and adequate expres sion of what they love an-1 praise. Where all his descriptions are marked hy suggestiveness and pregnancy of treatment, it difficult to mako illustrative selections from his brilliant and harmonius pictures; but per haps no better instance of the choice and charm of metaphor, his imaginative conceptions, hia extraordinary power of transmuting colour into sound, and his delicate manipulation of the laws of rhythm can be chosen than are dis played in the following lines from the fourth canto, descriptive of a tropical sunset— Down aa if wholly dropped from ont the sky The fallen sun's great iQso'would lolling lie Upou the narrowed Ocean a very rim, Awfully near * A hush of expectation almost grim Wrapt all the pore, blank, empty hemisphere ; While straight across tbe gleaming crimson floor, From the unraoving ship's black burnished side. There ran a golden pathway right into the core Of all that throbbing splendour violet-dyed; Whither it seemed an easy task to follow Tbe liquid ripples tremblingly o'erflowu-sr Into the intense and klindmc; tallow (M padpiUtms; purple, ihowu-ar The way as through an open door Into some world of bunung bliss undreamt of hereto fore. Here, too, is a passage presented to the imagination with all the accuracy of a photo graph, added te the untranslatable, incom municable, shimmering charm of a painting. But what a change 1 when suddenly we spy Apart from all that headlong revelry, Pencilled above the sky-line, like a spectre drear, A silent iceberg solemnly appear, Passing ghost-like our greeting to await. The crystal mountain, as we come anear And feel the Hirs that from it creep So chilling o'er the sunny deep, Discloses u wlii'e it slowly shifts. Now blue, faint glistening semi-lucent clifts, Now molanoholy peaks, dead- white and desolate. No more tenderly conceived and delicate pioture of happiness oan readily be imagined than that suggested by this new Adam and Eve, dwelling in a New Zealand Paradise; their harmonious intercourse in no way disturbed by the presence of Le Mann and the sweet littlo maid Miroa, who has fled from the Maoriea to join her beloved mistress, and who merged passing fancy for Ranolf into s more purely unselfish devotion to both. The poet's thought makes everything fit lor use, and we oould not spare the smallest detail from the account of their wanderings without experiencing a sense of loss. After a period of almost unclouded happiness the serpent is heard rustling among tho leaves emboworing this South-Sea Eden. A weariness o'er Banolf's spirit grew; Not of hoi- charms or her—lor none the less He loved his wonder of tho wilderness. But that the life ho led of savage caso, The more it was prolonged, seemed less to please. No great wonder that a man who had partaken largely of tho imaginative tumult of the time should pine for intellectual food ; poor Amohia observing his wandering thoughts felt her heart sink, and saw with failing courage and ever-increasing misgiving tlie failure of her timid attempts to arousa him from his gloom. Side by Bide tho once happy lovers lived, burdened with the weight of a new sorrow— he pining for the world of books and men, yet dreading tho result of transplanting Amohia into conventional life; Bhe, believing Ranolf had wearied of her, heart-siok and despairing. The story of her attempted self-sacrifice and disappearance, Ranolf's distracted search, his discovery "how great a purger of the soul is woe," and their final meeting, never again to part, must be read in tho poet's own words to be appreciated. Our last view of them is aa they set sail for England— So down and down beneath the borison's brink- Hull, sails, and masts—did that lone ve**sel sink, And melt into the flood of morning gold, The husband-lover and the lover-wife Dipped down into the chequered deep of Life! Domett's own vivid consciousness ol Inner growth and deepening power, the steady inorease ol hia insight, and his capacity lor grasping the problems ol existence are reflected lor our benefit with peculiar foroo. The result of his theories justifies the test of originality applied by Cariyle: " The believing man is tho original man!" nis testimony to the omni presence ol the Eternal Law is the dominant note of the poem. His hold upon the truths ol morality is vital and forcible. The emphasis and specialisation of his work, despite his minute paintings from Nature and the long rambles into the spiritual nrovinoes where he has received admonition ana delight, is in the direction of man. With the intelligence of his death fresh in our minds and the knowledge that he has, within tho last lew days, as we reckon the divisions of Eternity, passed beyond the portals of another life, these words, ooenrring near the end of the book, art deeply affecting to the imagination— Tea t In this mystery, though dark as night, Tet beautiful and wonderful beyond the scope Of utmost admiration; yet a Joy to mark And marvel at, exhaustlesa by all thirst For joy Thyself didst plant within us nrst: Thou hast therein writ thy decree It shall for man for ever be Inevitable to conclude Thee good aad iust; Most rational to hold a boundless Hope; Most tenderly ennoblin-*; utterly to trust In the omnipotence of Love and Tnte I 