Current Topics. (By Quis Qois.) It is a good thing that people have some thing to stir them up occasionally. Otherwise they might go to sleep and not wake up for many days. Gawler has been quite alive with a new sensation the past few days, the current topic of conversation being the police. No doubt there is something wrong some where, but so far there is nothing but rumor and tittle-tattle. What a muster of people there were at the Council Chamber on Monday night. I expect they were then expecting a nice little feast of scandal. They were disappointed, however, and not even the ghost of a sensation. All the speakers had heard of rumors, but not one would give utterance to them. Stay, there was one gentleman who nar rated what a policeman had told him in the presence of others. There is an old saying, ' save me from my friends.' If what he said should get known to the authorities I would not give much for that policeman's billet. It is quite time this tittle-tattling about this thing was stopped. It must be subversive of all discipline. If discipline is not maintained in the force it will soon go to the dogB. At the same time justice should be dealt out to all alike. There has been a sensational rumor that war was likely with America, Of course it is tLe old fisheries dispute that has caused the disturbance. I do not think that we need be alarmed. Both countries are too sensible and are- bound together by two strong ties. As in the Alabama case, I have no doubt they wil[ submit to arbitration and whatever way the verdict goes each country will abide by it. A union of the English speaking races means the command of the world, while disunion and war means dis credit and dishonor aud ultimate heavy loss to them. What is going to be done about our deficit ? Before Parliament met, when the prospec tive members were stumping the country, they were loud in what they were going to do. If we had believed them not only would they have wiped out the deficit, but left the Treasurer rejoicing with a full chest. Alas ! They have now been in session some months and the deficit is growing, not diminishing. Payment of members has passed, and now I suppose members are inclined to deal with the other matter at their ease. They will not sell the crown lands, they are not to do this or that and the result ia that nothing is done. I am afraid that the public spirit in Gawler is not very great. The elections are coming on very closely, and yet not a sign is made as to who is coming forward as Mayor, or who are to fill the vacancies in the Council. Some people say that it does not much matter now who stands. They contend that all the work — the main work of the town — is done and nothing remains but to keep the streets iu order. It is true that a good deal of the first work of the formation of the streets is over. There are, how ever, many streets yet unformed, and many roads unmetalled. Besides this the main tenance aud improvements of our town re quires care. If not exercised we shall soon Bee our plantations disappear and our Park Lands become a wilderness. One success hides a multitude of failures, and I fancy the good luck, as it is called, that has overtaken the Sydney policeman will lead many others to speculate iu the same line. That policeman drew the winner of the cup in a £10,000 sweep, and received a cheque for £4,500 as his winnings. He has resigned from the force, and I hope he will make a better use of it than many do who earn money in the same easy manner. People, however, forget how many have lost to make up his winnings, and bow many sad hearts there had to be to make up his one merry one. 