The Advertiser. POnIRiSHIfD EVERY TUESDAY, THURSDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. Bairnsdale, Tuesday, March 1, 1887. HAV?no recently mentioned several instances in which Bairnsdalo interests have been totally ignored, it may be just as well to add one further item to the list, namely the want of adequate provision for storing explosives,a sub ject we have touched upon on many previous occasions. It is trueo that some of the leading business firms invoked thebo aid of the shire council to endeavor to get such a want supplied, and correspondeneo passed betwoeen that body and the authorities, in which it was elicited that all the Government wore inclined to do in the matter was to licoenseo any privato individual or firm who would establish a powder magazino. If this were the general course pursued with respect to all localities, there would be but little complaint to make in the matter, but as it is not, we must most assuredly protest against a special evcoption being made to the detriment of Bairnsdalo. Mfany of those in torested in this subject will too well remember that, after the final reply had beeoon received from the Govern. nmot, we directed attention to the fact that tenders were called for the orec. lion of a magazine at Eaglohawk, and though we suggested it might be asked wily Eaglohawk could be favored thus and Bairnndalo ignored, ap. parently our oerechants woro too dis gusted to pursueo tho mnoventcet further. We, however, are totally ad verse to submitting thus quietly, and imagine that some steps should bo taken of eliciting through tihe moem bers for the district a reply asno to why Bai-asdale cannot be equally well treated in such matters as are other localities It is well known that busi ness firms can not legally keep more than 2001b of explosives at one time on their premises, and it is equally an open secret that such is done, the law notwithstandiug, much to the danger of the whole of the community, and much to the apprehension of fie"omen and others when a conflagra tion takes place. There cannot be the ledat doubt but that a very largo quantitv of powder and other ex plosives is used in this.district, and as the mines at Haunted Stream, Dept. ford, and other places are developed, the use of explosives will increase proportionately, and, as a consequence, far' larger quantities will be stored possibly in the very heart of the town. How the residents generally can contemplate the extreme danger .such a 3traotico entails, it is scarcely posible to conceive, and it would c'tainly be a most judicious step to take to agitate energetically and per sistently until the Government make provision for:the safe storage of the dangerous combustibles. On the other hand shipping agents might be placed in a very awkward predicament, and one which they should notrun the least risk of being placed in. What, we might ask, would be the result if, when a large consignment of powder an"ived by a schooner, the consignee declined to take delivery of more than the, orthodox 2001b ? Where would the powder be stored, or what would the shipping agent do? These are questions which should be carefully considered, and if they were, we have no hesitancy in affirming greater exer tion would be used to have a powder magazine established here. As in all other matters, there is a too percep. tible apathy prevailing regarding the neglect manifested towards the re q.irements of the place, an apathy wl,;ch perhaps all will rue some day. In other localities indignation meet ings are held till the attentive ear of the Government is reached, but not so with Bairnsdale. Mildness and inactivity are the prevailing epidemics of the district, and we presume the soft words and meaningless promises from i-ead.quarters are received so com placently, that the heads of depart. ments have become accustomed to simply reply to a communication or give an indefinite promise, and con s;der the case disposed of, that they will continue to do so for all time if an attempt be not made to alter such a procedure. Some definite action has been taken on other topics, so we trust no time will be lost in moving in the direction we have indicated, for it is surely time in the interests of shippers and merchants, and for the general safety, that a powder magazine should be established in Bairnedale. Parliament has been further pro rogued, from Thursday, the 3rd March, until Thursday, the 14th April. Thursday, the 17th March, has been proclaimed a public and bank holiday within the shire of Tambo. The Bairnsdale shire council will meet on Thursday, and there will be a large amount of important business to transact, including consideration of future steps in the Chapman case, and dealing with notices of motion for loan works. The ordinary meeting of the Tambo shire council will be held at Bruthen on Friday, when a rate of is in the £ will be struck. - - A sale of Crown lands in fee simple will be conducted to-morrow, at the courthouse, Bairnsdale, at eleven o'cloed, by Messrs. M. Goold and Co. We can imagine the surprise and consternation which will prevail when our Melbourne message is read, re cording the fact that there is prac tically nothing left of the prospecting vote to distribute. The department admits the soft impeachment, and such. being the case, must have been aware of the fact long ago. Why then the farce and expense of calling the prospecting boards into existance. A meeting of the ratepayers of the east riding will be held in the old schoolroom, Lucknow, this evening at eight o'clock, to take into considera tion the Broadlands road question. As this is an important subject, the con veners of the meeting particularly request all ratepayers of the riding to attend. To-morrow evening Pro. and Madam Rico will give an entertainment at Payne's Royal Assembly Hall, in aid of the funds of the hospital. The entertainment was postponed on Fri day last in consequence of the inele money of the weather, but as all then present elected to take tickets in lieu of having their cash returned, there will probably be a large attendance to night. Madame Rice will sing several ballads, and besides oehibiting his powers as a thought reader, the Pro fessor will introduce the Katie King mystery and the Ghost. It was at first decided tie entertainment should take place tiis evening, but it has been put back one day in conse quence of the Lucknow mooting. ' A meoting of the Avon Steamehip Company was hold yesterday, at which it was decided to only chargo shippere 10s per ton return freight from Port Albert, and not £1 per ton as previously agreed upon. It has also been determined to lay the steamer up until such timt as tihe bar ita proves, when she will at once run her weekly triles as previously "enounced. A ratelayor has made a suggestion to us, and ott we rocoeenonld to the considecation of the members for tie centre riding. It is that the lamp in front of the Fire Brigado Hall be kept lighted all nighe, except moon. light nights. Il case of a firo break ing out in thle neght tieo it wohle bho of great bonefit to anyone wishing to give tie alarm byringing the boll, and also to tie Brigade, and tiee oxpensess would be merely nominal. The sawmills at Boll's Point, whicht ] trove established by Messrs. Oarne-e eworthy ntel Smith when they cotn eneced their Lakes' Entranco contract, lave beent purchased by Messrs. Munro, the sale having been concluded on Saturday. The now 1 loprietors have a largo number of extensive con tracts on hand. The following addition has been made to schedule No. 51 of the regulations of tho Land Act, bearing dato 17th March, 1SS5 :-No tree, which is less than 24 inches in diamaetor two feeoot from the ground shall be cut down. The various stock and station agents report the following as the probable number of cattle for this week's sales : -A. M'Lean and Co. 100, Ettershauk, Egglestono and Mann 100, Powers, Rutherford and Co. 100, C. W. Gibson and Co. 50, Fiskon, Valentine and Co. 10, Dougharty, Son and Parker 400, King and Co.170, Ryan and Hammond 50, Pearson, Rowe and Co. 200, T. Mates and Co. 100, S. Strettlo and Co. 40, Peck, Hudson and Raynor 250, George Howat 20, R. Gibson and Co. 600. Probable numbers-cattle 1700, sheep 22,000 and lambs 2500. A meeting of the committee of the Bairnsdale Pastoral and Agricultural Society was held on Saturday, after noon, at Peterson's Victoria Hotel, Mr. R. Watson in the chair. An application was received from the St. Patrick's Sports committee, requesting the use of the society's ground for the 17th March, and it was decided to grant the application on the usual con ditions. The question of the advis ability of holding an autumn show this year was then introduced by the presi dent, and after some conversation it was agreed that a special meeting of the committee be held next Saturday to decide whether an autumn show should be held. The subject of in viting applications from persons de sirous of disposing of.suitable sites for show grounds, was then brought for ward, but was likewise postponed till the special meeting. The secretary reported that Mr. D. Davis had handed over the amount he obtained as prize money as a special donation to the society, and it was unanimously agreed that the heartiest thanks be recorded on- the minutes for Mr. Davis's donation. The tenders of the following have been accepted for the supply of forage at the undermentioned places, from 1st March, 1887 to the 29th February 1888:-Bairnsdale, H. M. Cousens, Jas. Brown, for both police station and post and telegraph office; Bendoc, Norman Cameron; Bruthen, J. Walsh, 3J. B. and H. Besley; Buchan, Mary M'Kio, Walter Gilmore; Dargo, Jeremiah Hurley, W. T. Cook; Omeo, Lewis Gill, Sam Gill; Orbost, J. A. Watt; Stratford, Henry Cousens, Donald Grant. To-morrow Messrs. M'Eacharn and Son will hold their weekly produce sale at their mart. We learn that there will be a much more extensive sale than last week. As the auction will start punctually at eleven, per sons desirous of purchasing will do well to be in attendance at that hour. On Thursday a large sale of drapery etc. will be conducted at Bruthen, at the Royal Mail Hotel, by Messrs. M. Goold and Co., under instructions from Mr. E. H. Moso, when they will submit to public competition the balance of that gentleman's stock left over from the Bruthen sale, being a large and assorted stock of general drapery. There will be no reserve, and the sale will commence at noon. Next Friday Messrs. A. Macarthur and Co. will conduct their usual monthly sale at Bruthen, commencing at two o'clock in the afternoon. This sale promises to be a large and animated one, as we are informed the entries already made are numerous, and very likely there will be several more on the day. Besides fat and store cattle, horses, furniture and general produce, there will be offered a tip dray and harness. Another of those social or'e-unions, under the auspices of the trustees of the Bruthen institute, towards clearing off the debt, will be held on Friday evening, and the general enjoyment which is experienced at these assemblages will most probably induce a crowded at tendance. On the 14th inst. Mr. John Decry, the well-known pedestrian, had the misfortune to have his bullock waggon pretty well smashed up. It appears, says the Tambo and Orbost Times, that when coming up the Buchan Hill the waggon by some means parted with the pole, and the hill being steep and the waggon heavily laden, it returned down the hill at a terrific speed, and finally came to a standstill by running into a bank of rocks. Had there been any teams following, which is usually tihe case, the results would undoubtedly have been disastrous. A telegram from Queensland under Friday's date relates tlhat steady soak. ing rains continue. In the Bur nott district an extraordinary rainfall is reported, the quantity registered at Mount Perry during 24 hours ending at 9 o'clock to.day being 10 inches. At Kilkivan the rainfall slightly ex ceeded that quantity, and at Gayundah 6 inches. A flood is expected, tie Burnett River rising at Mount Perry 2 inches per hour. Gympio reports 5 inches of rainfall. The Mary River is rising rapidly and a big flood is anticipated. The wet weather is ox tending ever the interior, central and west, and is general along the coast. The northern telegraph lines are in. terrupted beyond Bowen. A Hobart telegram under Friday's date reports a shocking domestic tragedy as having occurred that morn ing in Parker's lodging house, at the corner of Liverpool and Campboll streets. A foreigner, named Orlando, and Ilis wvie, were staving there and had been quarrelsome thleo night before, the woman striking her husband several times with a poker, and he also struck hor. On Friday morning Orlando came down stairs and.called for his breakfast, and being asked where his wife was, replied jokingly, " Oh, she's not to have any." The wifo heard this, and going ronid to where he was sitting, took up a knife from the table and stabbed him in the neclc at the back of the ear. Tile man lied 20 minutes afterwards, the knife having penetrated right through into thie cavity of thi mouth, andi thle blood ran down his throat into his lungs 1nd le died of suffocation. Tie wifo bears i very bad character, but deceased was a qulot and inoffensive man. At the inquest a verdict of manslaughter was returned. "The Man in the Street" in the "Mtercur7y writes :-1t was with a good deal of pain that I read of thu sad death of MIr. WTaxman. Thero aro many, 1 daresao, who simply looked upon him as usurer, with a fhnculty of extracting 410 per cent. out of the Gentile, and many others, no doubt, who connected him in some vague mnanner with the early death of poor Marcus Clarke. But Mr. Waxman was capable of no little generosity. An acqaintance of mine, who was deep in his books, and had not the faintest prospect of getting out of them, stood once in great need of £20. With characteristic cheek he repaired to his creditor and frankly told him that he wanted to borrow that sum, which he certainly would repay, though there was no chance of reducing the former debt. The money was forthcoming, and that without any security what ever, and in due course it was repaid. " And," said the obliged party, " what shall I pay you by way of interest ?" " Not a penny" was the reply. "This was a transaction between two geutelmen !" The astonished borrower found himself outside, with very vague ideas as to whether he ought to consider himself flattered or not, but upon the whole I think both came creditably out of the little " transac tion." G. IH. Cole prolongs people's lives. Think that bunkum, do you? Well, you'll admit that insomania sends people to their graves earlier than they would otherwise go. Now the beds sold by G. H. Cole cure insomania. Try one, and if a perfect cure is not effected the bed will be taken back. It would be unsafe to trust a person whose conscience is so bad with anything.-ADT. HURRAn Foa BAaRNNDALE?-- Our boys have covered themselves with glory in Melbourne. The telegram sent to the Little Blue House and posted in the win. dow, will tell you that our boys of the Bairnsdale Brass Band obtained second prize in the band contest,-a glorioius re sult. Again our boys of the Bairnsdale Fire Brigade have obtained fourth place in the firemen's competition, what a splendid result from so small a community. The reason is made obvious, they were all shaved, shampooed, and had their hair cut and trimn'med in the latest fashion at the Little Blue House, and, as was anticipated, looked the pink of perfection. They also impregnated the air at the contest with a beautiful aroma in consequence of their smoking Jimmy's Trade Union cigars and his fine cut tobacco, which they all pro vided themselves amply with prior to their departure from Bairnsdale. Come and see theo telegram and remember the Little Blue House, where all may learn the news of all the latest topics.-LADV.] Forewarned, Fo earn ec'.-Encourage loca1 industry and secure pe.'cot health by keep* Ing all yards, cesspits, etc., thoroughly cleaned and disinfected by T. E. Worgan. Order box at Mr. Butler's Little Blue House, Main street.- ADT. 