i HENRY WARD BEECHER. j J,.. -Daily .Hews,-March 0. . .' : "It must bo a terrible thing," wroto Mr. Bright on on occasion,' " to have to read or speak a sermon every weee oû tho samó topio, to the samo people- terriblo to th speaker, and. hardly less so to the hearers. I wondor tbs any man onn do it ! I often doubt if any man has eve dono it.-" Tho tostimony of tho lato Henry Ward Beochoi or that of his congregation, might hnvorolieved Mr. Brigh of his doubt. For all tho years of his working lifo Mi Beecher had to speak a' sermon every wook, an very often to delfvor a looture in the mean .while. Ono socrot of his- success was that ho di not speak on tho samo topic. Nothing carno amiss to him from tho oratory of abolitionism, with which ho bogan hi caroor, to tho religious logrolling in favour of a candidat for tho presidency, which was one of its dosing nots. Ii tho crisis of tho last contest, Mr. Cleveland found timo t write a pious lotter to Mrs. Bocohor, and Mr. Beecher too! caro that tho lotter should find its way into the papers American ohurches, though most of them aro without th machinory of bull or pastoral, aro very much liko otho churches in their wish to govern tho world They have their own way of doing it, that i all. Mr. Beecher, in fact, touched lifo at a] pointB; Hnd, for his own countrymen, ho was th great expositor of his time. Ho was ready for any Bubiecl and he oould always Bay something on it that was at loas now. Moro ho did not caro to attempt. Ho was no orgán isor, ho loaves no system behind him, either In theology o in Church Govornmont. His influence, except In so fa as it is a personal . icolleotion, ends with his life. He wa; a preacher, and noding butapreacher, and ho oncooxcusei himself on this ground for his nûglcot of what wo shouli call parochial work. His gifts did not lio tha way ; ho was most effective in the pulpit, nn< therefore, as ho conooived, moro usoful. It was his busing to mako religion interesting in a certain olovated sense. Hi preachod no creed in particular, hardly so much as a erect of his own. His tics to recognised dogma were of thc slenderest. Ho was not a champion of a system ; ho lougbJ for his own hand. In all this he was characteristically American. Even pulpit in tho United Stutes stands very much by itsolf. Il may bo one of a chain of posts in tho spiritual war, but it! ministrant expects no orders from heauquartors; and holds an indopendont command. It is tho competitive Byston applied to religion. Plymouth Church, with Mr. Beecher ii chnrgo of it, was matched against all tho other ohurches foi popularity and for results. When ho first went there h( began-a course of laborious preparation for tho new work Before that ho hod preached to tho farmers and tho countrj folk with success ; no had now to make himself entertain- ing- wo uso tho word in no offonsivo sonso-to tho keener witted congregations of town. Ha succeeded by becoming keener than bis hearors. Ho rend largely, particularly it current literature. He showed himself ns familiar with hil newspaper as with his bible. His dogma was1 but a kind ol fiootised philosophy; he was "personnl" and moden n the highest degree. His voico carno to' his flock or rather to his audience, only as tho voico of theil hotter sel ves. If thoy hod detected any strangeness in ii thoy might have gone clsowhere, and, for more reasons thai ono, n preacher iu Mr. Beecher's position could not aflore to lot them go. Many of his sermons read like tho flnesi table-talk of a cultivated lawyer, physician, or merchant who has seen tho world. Tho references nnd illustration! were of the timo, oftou of the day nnd hour. Ho wai anecdotic, vohoment, impassioned at will, but always fröre a literary rather than an essentially religious standpoint, Above all, he was emphatically independent. His munnci convoyed tho impression that ho would stand no nonsense, oven from St. Paul. All American preaching, tho worst as well as tho host, has this general character. Tho first duty of tho prcachoi is to interest. Mero fashion or custom will hardly servo to fill his church. The Sunday services' must only vary-hy other means, of course, and to other ends-the oxcitomont of tho woek. Ono preacher has to make Woll-streot listen every sovonth day, and he does it. His saying cnn scarcely be a hard ono, or Wall-street could not go back with comfort to tho work of tho other six. His pulpit methods, it must bo confessed, leavo much to bo desired.' Messrs. Moody and Sankey exhibit another result of the sumo inexorable law. Mr. Moody's is tho familiar method with common people, as Mr. Beechor's was tho familiar method with minds nf another cast. "You liked Mr. Moody, or vou did not liko him, but you never found him dull. Ho hold his tiof by service, and would huvfl lost it if ho had lost tho power to strike. His coadjutor was just as novel and impressive in his own way. Ho chose his hymns and his tunes with caro; he lcd tho singing ; his task had hy no mcaus ended when he had given out "No. 33 in tho book." This pair wero certainly liko no other pair. Othor American prenchirs havo to cultivât» tho same art of bcingliko nobodv but themselves. We hoard lately in those columns of a Row Pctor Cartwright, now gono to his rest, who formed a new variety-a sort of spiritual wild man of tho woods. In Lincoln's youth Petor Cartwright carried tho Methodist Evangel to tho West, it was said that in his innocence of material refinements ho onco bowed his way out of his room in backwoods fashion through tho gorgeous furniture of a New York hotol. It was not true, but ho was never obtrusive with his denials. It holpcd to individualise him, and that furthered his work. The late Father Taylor, tho "Boston Bothel Preacher," was a mau of very ditl'erent stnmp, but his in- dividuality was equally marked. Of nil eminent Americans, we aro told, ho was the most original and inimitablo in bis genius and stylo. Ho was tho only speaker, still to quoto his panogyrist in a recent Century, that could hold scholars and authors, farmers and sailors, under thc same spell. "O Lord," he once prayed for an old man, "tnkohimto Heavon if his friend Ce there; but, nt any rato, and in all events, take him where his friend is!" "When tho spirit has orbed itsolf in a man, what is there to add?" »aid Emerson, after Taylor's address to tho Boston Philosophic Club. According to Walt Whitman, a great amateur ot tho spoken word, no pridefif composure, nor rosistanco of intellect, could stand against him for 10 minutes. " Novcr havo I beard such impassioned pleading (as in his prayers), such human harassing rouroach (liko Hamlet to his niothor in tho closet), such probing to the very depths of tho latent conscienco and remorse which probably lio somowhero- in tho background of every lifo, every soul." Ono of the sailors, a class to which he mostly preached, said quito simply, as ho left tho church, " That must bo tho Holy Ghost wo read of in the Testament!" Taylor was a contemporary of Ward Beecher's father, Lymnn Beechor, another pulpit-oharaelor in his day. His ways and words were not always in tho best taste, but tbev were his own. There is, perhaps, nothing to imitato in ail this, only something to observe. Wo may bo content with our own quiotcr stylo, while yot trying to' understand how another stylo has become imperative olsowhere. American preaching is ono vast competitive examination with a whole Eeople os the distributor of tho awards. ; Tho preacher olds his own, as tho artist or writer elsowhoro, by the solo might bf. his own gifts, and that obligation tends to mako billi resemble tho writer or tho artist, lioth for good and for id. . . ._ 