Bri^hain Youngvand Pepper's Ghost Tho, other day, thwiT was a rather thin story told abou^ tho resurrection of Brigham Young,,. Tho, dear old fellow,, tbe inuch-nmrriod man died, so it was said, aboht 10 years .. ago. „ ft was commonly holiovod that he wns not half so comibrtablo in ? tho otlior world as he usod to bo in this, Notwithstanding that ho, had, so many wives. Hjb dfparture wade a opiisiderribjeiiifferenbe in ithp affairs, of the saint— almost inbre than ?did that of Joo Smith himsolf. The holy i brotherhood and sisterhood o( latter-day saints. (by tlio way, they would gain more credit by calling themselves early- day saints) have suffered great persecution at the hands of wicked Gentiles. The faith of many have -bqen:shaken; andtheir love, hasbecoipo cold. Something desperate had to be done to stop the threatened falling away,- and. so apparently it was determined to raise Brigham Young from the dead. He appeared, so the story runs, to some chosen witnesses who to aid believers or rather unbelievers, gave a too full account of how. Brigham now looks. Quite irinocontly they hare. described him as a voncrablelook ing man, exactly like Brigham with 10 years added on. This is the fatal line in the. description. To have had a good resurrec tion, Brigham should have come back exactly as. he went away.. To make him 10 years older in appearance is to show that if this venerable.raan is Brigham, ho has been, in hiding, and lias been loading a perfectly natural life. This little weakness in the arrangement was provided for, if we may' believe a writer in an American paper, who ?assures his readers that by tbe aid of the device which produced Professor Pepper's ghost the trick came near to being a great success. He says that it was- arranged that Brigham should appear to a great number of, the faithful. The tabernacle would nothavo been larjje enough, and so a spot. on a hill 'called MountNebb, npfcifar from Salt' Lake City,, was., selected. On a day,, appointed nnmbersof the faithful met at this place, and there by the aid of Pepper's ghost machinery the trick was tried; Some of the. apostles' appeared on a platform curiously formed, an ounced that Brigham was- coming; stepped aside, and lo, in a mysterious and ghostly fashion'tliefigure of-Brigham was before the vast and astonished assembly, 'Brethren and sisters,' said the figure. ' it has pleased the Most High, to quicken. me and restore me, unto you, that he may. be glorified in Zion andyein Him ; even as it is written in the doclrino of the covenants and commandments, section seven, paragraph; four : ' Now,, verily I say unto you, that .through, the redemption that is for you is brought to pass, the resurrection from tlib dead.' ' The follow who tells this yarn says :—-'' Tho figure itself, though ap parently corporeal'and.material,, seemed to be diaphanous as well, so that I could fancy I saw the outlines of the pines aad cedars at the back. of tho platform,, through its. most brightly illuminated'portion. All 'the tirao a conviction was gradually dawning, upon me, and a design springing from that conviction taking shape in my brain.. The conviction was nothing more nor less than that the figure of Brigutim Young before me was the phan tasm or spectrum of, a man concealed . in a cellar or pit below the. platform in a strong light, whose image was projected upon the stage above by that ingenious optical contri vance Known as Pepper's ghost, a . portion of the mechanism of which consists of a large sheet of ordinary transparent glass set at the back of tho stagearid suppbrtedf'at a certain angle, so as to cuBtra, reflection of tho person beneath, and at the samo time not to be visible to tbe spectator in front. My dbsign was to expose this fraud and' illusion by breaking this sheet of glass.' He prepared to do so by firing at it tho contents of an air pistol. The; beauty, of -it was to do thin;, at tho right moment. To show that he had beon in good company, Brigham promised to introduce Moses, and Elias. Whv he*, brought them again is not stated. Ho cfipnp pearod tdfotch'thein. Her, returned'.iloading two venerable looking figures. A cry wont np from the multitude and Brigham raised hie hand as if to speak when suddenly a orash of breaking glasg was heard upon the platform and the figures simultaneously disappeared, but the. next moment reappeared with frightened looks, and scampered in a de cidedly undignifind 'manner to tlio trees at the back of the platform. To say that conster nation seized upon the assemblage would bo a weak nay of expressing the truo stato of affairs.. The elders and apostles, who wero watching and superintending the business from 'each side of. fhe. platform, hishod: forward, apparently to ascertain whnt damage, was done, : and to. concoal the .1 stage trap door from tho spectators if any pt'i them, in their.exoilomorit should take it into , thoir hoads to rush in. Women shrieked nnd } fainted ; men looked at oach other wildly, and put thoir hamls to thoir w. apons ; whilo tho moon, which was by this tiino prbtly near its zenith, added new ghastliness to .the flceno, ' The fiiithful aro now much distrGssed, and [it shard to say who is most blamed, Biighaui Young or Professor' Pepper's ghost.' 