— 7 r AMUSEMENTS. I 0 I,- THE DRAMA, &C.; ! Struck Oil was revived at the Theatre Hoys! , on Saturday evening. Tho house was packed., and Mr. and Mrs. Williamson were accorded r. very flattering reception. Their frienij evidently mustered iu force, as the quantity d flowers in the sbape of bouquets, garianus such like devices, struck one as being neither more nor less thun tbe result of a good under standing between those before, and tbe artist behind the curtain. It is pleasant, no doubt,'-, to sec an actor and his audience enrappoit, it offends against good taste aud propriety havo private friendships ridiculously obtrude, upon the public in n theatre. This famiharif. is confined to tho gaff order of en.iy tainment. In the minor houses at homV it is not uncommon during a performs! for a late comer on entering to rise is inquire patronisingly of the leading actor u ' may Ihou ho pouring forth his soul at tho si of tho heroine What piece is this, boss/ " Tho Lost Heiress, or the Murderer's Doom Eir." respectfully replies the actor " Ah, vaj-. good, go ahead old man " rejoins his inter: loculor, and tho piny proceeds. The ualian of tho gaff, however, ecem foreign to i interior of a leading theatre like the Bo The footlights are supposed to present an passablo barrior between the actor and | audience. He is for tho timo an imaginafli being. His identity is snok in tho Pa.n , nlays : on entering ho may bo made the KCIP t of applause as a compliment to him penOT K but when Iho play begins he should shu I self up in tbo character he assumes and . t bo lost to those in front of the - house. . however, ho takes liberties with and treats them to more of lus snOivrd j i 'i r&Mi; perhaps, every One cares to acknowledge, tio forgets what is duo both to himself and his ((natrons. Professional claqners longer (tolerated in connection ;"''11 tbo Brl'13h (tas' It- would be as ,f «'« bou1not nu,sauc0 "4m also gi-oountenanced. No ono Bttaobes any \-- .sfgnifi-anco to these offerings. Tho samo Sjfowers are made sometimes to do double duty, . :-£nd in tho American theatres tho artists usually , 'pay for tho compliment out of their own ipockets. Mrs. Williamson's Lizzie Stofel on -gatufdoy night is not tho character she played . when Struck Oil was first presented to a BIcl- .. (bpurne audience some 12 years ago. It was 'then a quaint pleasing and strilnngly natural (and affecting character ; now it consists of littlo more than tomfoolery and affectation. This litis more particularly observable in tho opening scene, whero John Stofel and his daughter -itrodnco somo new business and go through \- ii variety of downright nonsonsicality to n chorus of laughter so boisterous and sustained .that tho audience at times seemed to wonder .where the joke really came in to provoke tho merriment. Lizzie presents herself in the Character of an inveterate hoyden, playing tomboy tricks with her indulgent parent such as: setting fire to his hair, placing cobbler's wax in his pipe, slipping the chair from under him, and similar pranks, winding up these somewhat stale eccentricities with a song. Mrs, -Williamson has a pleasing and well tuned .voice of the music hall standard, and she dances with agility and precision. Herein lies hqr forte, slih possosscs wonderful animal spirits and that muscular "go " which is not eclipsed oven by Miss Carrie Swaiu. Her style may not bo as highly refined as the more fastidious might desire, but there is a rollicking masculino healthy Gargantuan hftadlh and hoistorousnoss about it that might serve as a hint for another chapter .of; Rabelais. As au actress her friends cannot claim for her raoro than mediocrity. Her Lizzie Stofel, when first essayed in tho colonics, might claim a higher rank, bat as a stage character it has lost its peculiar charm bf;piquancy and ingenuousness. There were, . however, observablo on Saturday night occa sional glimpses of the admirable acting origi- ; rally exhibited in hor playing and which made one regret that popularity docs sometimes weaken the capacity of an artist. Tho part of . John Stofel is improved in some particu lars, hut has lost in others. Tho old Dutch man has a confident tone about him now like is man with a good account at his bankers. He acts like one who views himself as the brchitect of his own fortunes, and can snap his fingers at what is called peoplo's patronage. John was Blightly different when he first wooed the suffrages of the gentlo public. His laugh 'was then gonial, temperate and kindly. Now it is resonant and obstreperous jvith just a suspicion of insolent triumph about it' His humor is not very obvious, and his pathos requires tho subsidiary aid of tho . Orchestra to give it the semblance of natural ness. Old Stofel masquerading as a soldior must he accepted as mere burlesque, and as sick it is not without merit. In the last act, jhoiwovcr, Mr. Williamson reproduces, and is might ovon bo contended, improves upon .Jefferson's idea of ro-awakening to tho consciousness of surroundings after years of insensibility. Tho mental condition of Hip Van Winklo and of John Stofel ariso from :-Wlolly different causes. One is supposed to have slept during 20 years and experienced ail the deteriorating offects of time, which . rendered him simply imbecile. The Dutch man's mental equilibrium has been simply dis turbed by a wound in tho head producing ijjdlucinations, and temporary obliviousness of v$e past. That ho should bo violent is not incompatible with his subsequent amenablencss and that while ha Tccognised Mrs. Stofel ho . should not know Lizzie until sho sang her well : known song. Heroin, to our way of thinking, floes Mr. Williamson display not only con siderable power as an actor, hut the intelli gence which induces an artist to follow soicntific mothods rather than trust to mere stage traditions. The last act of Struck Oil Compensated for much of tho balderdash that v distinguished the acting in tho earlier scenes bf the play. Mr. Anson's Deacon Skinner was not specially noticeable for either origin- uuvj u « ««« v IUU9I3 tbney in tho matter of dulncss, and that is about as much as can ho said for it, Miss jenny Watt-Tanner played tho part of Mrs. Stofel with her characteristic ability, t . The Silver King' is ono of those dramas which Will always keep tho stage and remain popu lar. It was rovived ou Saturday night at tho Princess's Theatre with a considerable degrco of success. Tho liouso was comfortably filled, .and the andionco appeared to bo as keenly interested in tbo pcrformauco as though tho plaae had never been played before in BIcl- bonrae. Tho cast was, with only a fow excep tions, now. Mr. Titheridga appeared as pre- iwusly in tho titlo rule, aad Mr. Garner ns tho gpider. Tho part of Wilfred Denver is ono in which Mr. Tithcridgo excels. It is truo jjfcat in coriain parts ho docs not mako llio most pf his materials, hut as an all roahd study bo . must bo complimented upon liis efforts. He is seen to greatost advantage in eccentric -.comedy, and is weak in tho portrayal of the emotional and pathetic. Ho lacks tho soul Which can only ho infused into stago roprcscn- fattens by artists possessed of the highest gifts if not gonins. Mr. Titheridgo might bo said fo bave narrowly oscaped being an actor in \- the front rank of his profession. In ordinary -.leading business ho cannot, wo boliovo, bo \- Excelled on the English stage. Beyond stock jcting, however, he soems not to care to soar oven if ho had tho latent ability to pspiro to better things. He has got into a groove, and lacks the spur of necessity or ambi tion to got out of it. The colonial stage pays passing well to one of his standing, but it leads nowhere and confers no status, Mr. Garner plays the part of Captain Skinner with a truth fulness to nature, and a quiet, forceful incisivc- ness that, makes it stand out in bold relief amongst the many characters in tho play. In it lie indicates tho possession of genuine His trionic ability, which is not seen, at least to tho same extent, in any other character in which we have seen liim. Old Jaikes was piayea Dy Mr. Elton, and in several particu lars he surpassed Mr. Phil. Day, who might be said to have made the part. Mr. Day was absurdly prone to gag aud interpolate puns and humorous touches, which do not always im prove or strengthen the situations. Ou more than one occasion ho allowed Jaikes to degene rate into mere buffoonery. Mr. Elton renders it more seriously, and with greater feeling. Iu the bauds of a capable actor much can be made of it. The fidelity of the old servant, his self- sacrifices, his efforts to conceal his own suffer ings the better to cheer the woman he was anxious to serve, his dignified demeanor when fortune smiles upon the Denvcrs, and similar traits of character, go to mako up a part well worthy of any leading actor. Miss Isabol Morris appeared as Mary Denver, but did not evince special ability ; ou the coutrary, she seemed weak anid ineffective. Mr. Maltby, as Eliah Cootnbe, was satisfactory, but most of tho minor parts wore filled mechanically. The Cursicau Brothers has proved a marked success at the Bijou artistically aud finan cially. This is satisfactory, as perhaps than Siguoraud Siguora Majoronl no two artists deserve more at the bauds of the playgoiug public, xltcy are the oxpononts — almost tlic only exponents connected with tho stage of tho colonics — of high class acting aud of the classic drama. . Their season, which concludes this evening, has maintained their reputation as the most accomplished artists now before the public. At the Opera House tho Two Orphans has kept tho stago for the week to largo and ap - prcciativc audiences. St. Georgo's Hall and minor places of amusement continue to do good business, not withstanding the many powerful counter attrac tions at tho various theatres. Miss Minnie Palmer is still playing at the Opera House, Sydney. The Mail writes : — ' 'After a few pleasant weeks of Port and Her Step mother, this lady reverted to her old character of My Sweetheart, iu which to see her again is to renew a very agreeable experience. The opportunity of doing so lias evidently been a very welcome one to her numerous admirers. The spectacle nightly presented In front ot tho curtain is conclusive proof of that. Tho win ning vivacity of her performance is not indeed to be disputed, nor the graceful charm which distinguishes it as well. Not to speak of her other recommendations, the songs and dances of My Sweetheart should bo a sufficient passport to tho hearts of any audience. " On Monday next Miss Carrie Swaiu opens at the Alexandra Theatro in tho Minor's Daughter, a piece in which sho mado a groat success in Syduey. Au exchange furnishes tho following particulars of the livoly Currio : — " Humor says that 6hc will shortly appear as the horoluc of an opera bouffe composed by Henri Koivalski. Miss Swain can boast of being able to play in three languages, Euglisb, French and Gorman, and of a perhaps rarer accomplishment into the bargain — for she can swim like a mermaid, She has exercised it to some purpose in saving persons from drowning, for which service sho lias been presented with two medals by the Hurnauo Society. Miss Swaiu is a native of San Francisco, and made her first appearance in that city. Sho was successful thcro, aud also in tho cities of tho eastern States." A new play, with an osteological title, is shortly to be produced in London. It is an adaptation of a farcical comedy, by Von Moser, and it is to bo called Tho Skolotou. Unclo's Ghost, another forthcoming London production, is announced as a psychological farco. An interesting littlo hook on the stage, written by Dr. Osgood Mason, From the After-dinner Talk of Thomas Goodioin, has roccntly been published by Futnan's Sons, of New York and London. It contains many interesting musical and dramatic reminiscences. Amongst the rest are accounts ot Edwin Forest aud Macready, and of tho Astor-placo riots ; of Fanny Komble and lier father, Charles Konible; of Miss O'Neill and Miss Footo ; of Malibran aud Bruham, and of Charlotte Cushman, " Yaukeo " Hill, Hnckett, tho Seguins, Chau- frau, and " Jim Grow " Itico. Tho Now York papers had vory sarcastic critiques on a play in which Dion Boucicanlt rcceutly appeared iu the Star Theatre in that city. Fiu Mac Cool of Skibbcreen is tho title of it. A short time ago it was reported that Elleu Terry intended to introduce her daughter Edith on the stngo. Whatever truth there might have boon iu the rumor, tho idea has now been abandoned, and tho young lady will instead bo entered at Girton. Madamo Janauschek recently played Meg Merrilics, for tho first time, in Now York, It was considered a striking and picturosquo per formance, hut by no means equal to that of tho Into Chnrlotto Cushman. A Now York contemporary says that Miss Fortescuo's engagement in Araorica has not beon such a financial success as hor engagement with Lord Garmorle was. 