Humour. Why She Wanted a Kiss. " Kiss me again." Sybil Sartoris spoke these words in a grave, calm manner that betokened the serious import in which she held them, and as Herbert Holdfast bent tenderly forward and pressed his lips softly to hers, she looked up to him in the sly, cat-on ihc-back-fence fashion, that had so witched him in the golden-hued days of courtship. , There was no tint of deception in the pure nature of this girl, and her every act was the result of reflection, often pro found. Brought up in Boston, she had all her life been accustomed to put to its best use the power of discernment which a thoughtful mind gave her. Surrounded as she was by the mystic influences of Emerson, the Concord School of Philosphoy, and several large ware houses, where mackerel were sold, it is small wonder that when, standing on the threshold of womanhood, she beheld suit ors for her heart and hand approaching, she had analysed with critical care the hopes and fears of each—had subjected ike character of every wooer to the rigid scrutiny of a mind that, seated cross legged on the starry summit of psycholo gical, research, looked upon a man as only vivified protoplasm, and the deepest mo tions of the heart as merely the manifesta tions of a too active nerve centre. Herbert knew this. He knew that this girl, the rounded curves of whose figure and the dewy sweetness of whose lips would have made an anchorite leave his job without a pang, had naught of passion in her nature. And so when he had com plied—oh, so gladly—with her request, there stalks from out the banquet hall of his imagination, where they had so long been unwelcome guests, the sheeted ghosts of doubt and apprehension. He knew now that Sybil loved him with a love that would never falter or fail—a love that, securely built upon a founda tion of respect end admiration, was now crowned with the large, roomy, mansion roof of a deathless, never changing pas sion. Her words proved it. Never before had she even so much as hinted at a kiss, and when he had sought to take one she had submitted to his ca resses more as a dutiful than au ardent lover. But now all was changed, and it was she who sought the bliss—that a large well-regulated, three-Btorey-and-basement kiss' alone can give. The thought was testacy. " You love me better to-day, Sibyl," he said, " than yon did yesterday. Is it hotso, darling?" "No," she answers, standing there calm and pulseless as a clam at high tide. . " Then why," he says, did you ask me to kisB you ?" "Because," Sibyl replies, "I desired to ascertain whether or not you had been drinking rum." Bad spelling never looks 60 bad as when on fashionable note-paper. What is an autobiography ? It is what a biography ought to he. " This is a long tramp," said a police man as he ran in a six-foot vagrant. " Who shall decide when doctors dis agree 1" Alas! sometimes the under taker. When do a husband and wife change places ? When she comes down and blows ,him up. Mistress : " What! the cream all gone again? I really cannot understand it." Servant: " Please, mum, the cat!" Mis tress : " Nonsense ! when we haven't -one." Servant: "But, please, mum, you said as you was agoin' to get one." "It is quite appropriate that the villian of the opera should always be the bass man among the singers. The girls in some parts of Africa have to be six feet high before they can marry. The Africans probably think that a small woman cannot manage a - husband. A brief residence in this country would soon teach them better. 