EVENING MEETING. THE LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY. In the evening, in Pitt-street Church, there was a meeting in connection with the New South Wales Auxiliary to the London Missionary Society ; the Rev. Dr. Jefferis presided, and there was a large attendance. The CHAIRMAN, in opening, the proceedings, stated that this was not the annual meeting in connection with the London Missionary Society, but was a meeting which they hold once a year in connection with the Congregational Union. He took a fair degree of interest in the society and only wished that the church of which he was the pastor contributed more to its sacred funds. Because of its efforts, natives as savage as they could be painted had been brought under the influence of Christianity. Mr. Albert Spicer was the treasurer of the society in London, and it was a great thing that he had been chosen to such a high and honourable post. (Cheers.) Very recently he went right through India, visiting all the mission stations there in order that the society might have a correct statement concerning them, and he would doubtless be able to give an interesting account of the work of the society. (Applause). The Rev. J. P. SUNDERLAND moved,-"That this meeting, as adherents of the London Missionary Society, accord to the brethren, Mr. Albert Spicer and the Rev. Dr. Dale, a very cordial welcome." He said that if any church ought to take a deep interest in mission work, it Was Pitt-street Congregational Church. This was now a special time with them. That evening there would be no financial statement given. Suffice it to say that the income of the auxiliary this year would surpass that of previous years, notwithstanding the badness of the times. (Applause.) He contended that the society in London ought to share in the would of those great colonies, and it was satisfactory that many of our churches did contribute largely to its funds. He was glad to welcome their friends from England. They would understand whilst here that we had now learned to educate our own missionaries. Soon we should be able to allow the London Missionary Society to send its delegates into other parts of the world, and look after our own missionaries ourselves. He could only again give a hearty welcome to the delegates from England. (Applause.) The Rev. W. C. ROBINSON, in seconding the motion, gave a few figures with regard to the New South Wales Auxiliary of the London Missionary Society, which showed that it had made great progress. Four or five years ago their income was £616; the following year it was £065 ; then it was £745 ; the year after that, £831 and last year, £1081. (Applause.) So far there were nine months of this year gone by, and they had already received nearly £1000. The Zenana ladies' mission gave £200 ; so that they had now £1200, and expected at the end of the year that it would be £1300 an amount never before reached in connexion with the auxiliary. (Applause.) The motion was carried with acclamation. Mr. A. SPICER (who was received with prolonged cheers said he was thankful to be able to stand on the platform the platform of the Congregational Union of New South Wales and yet know that at the same time he was taking part in a meeting in connection with the London Missionary Society (Applause). This showed the great union there was between home and foreign missions. These two branches of mission work were given to them unitedly and united they should remain. He confessed he was proud to stand there that night the treasurer of an English home missionary society. He hoped the day would soon come when they would be able to work their missionary enter 9 rises together, instead of apart. That night he felt it his duty, as well as his privilege, to give a short account of his stewardship. (Applause.) He appeared in a representative position, and he would like from them a vote of confidence as regarded the past, and a promise of support with respect to the future. He would give an outline of the principles which guided the society in its foreign mission work. As regarded motives, it rested on every Christian man to do his utmost in carrying out the command of our Lord Jesus that we should go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. It was not that an obligation or favour was being bestowed by him on any society or on any Church; he was simply carrying out his bounden duty to Christ. He would speak first from a missionary point of view, and secondly from that of treasurer of the society. In the year 1805 the London society would complete the hundredth year of its existence. One feature of its work had been that it had been in the habit of sending from England, from time to time, special deputations to visit the different fields of missionary enterprise. By that practice it kept a closer touch with its missionaries and the missionaries with the church. This special deputation work had been somewhat lost sight of by the public, and yet it had been a source of real strength to the society. It commenced as early as 1827, and had been carried on at intervals ever since. Four years ago he had the privilege of being able to accept an invitation with Mr. Thompson to visit India, and Mr. Thompson afterwards continued his journey to China and to Africa. His visit to India had certainly left an impression which would long live in his memory. He found the society had a large stake in the missionary work in India. They occupied 23 main stations scattered over the empire. This scattered nature of the work was a great source of weakness to them, and it was conducted in nine different languages. Nearly all the missionaries had to learn two languages, and it was impossible to move men from one mission to another in a way that would mean additional strength to their work. The work was, he found, of a very complex and diverse nature. He could not, however, help recognising the influence of the missionaries' home. It was the centre of Christian influence, and Christian life. It was interesting to know, us no travelled from place to place whether one was in India or elsewhere the people whether they believed in Christian missions or not recognised the healthy influence that over came from the missionaries' home. (Cheers.) There was, he found a large educational work being carried on in India. In many of the schools the teaching was conducted in the English language, and in addition to the ordinary scholastic education, there was a great deal of Christian instruction. These schools were justifiable, because through them they could ' only reach the young men of a certain class whom otherwise they would miss altogether. India was of course different to Australia. In India Englishmen must necessarily be strangers in a strange land. We could no: colonise India as we were Australia, Canada, and South Africa. Therefore, they must lay the foundations of Christianity soundly and strongly, and must educate native teachers who would be able to go forth and teach Jesus Christ and His Gospel. Then they had, in addition, the work of sustaining the native churches. Some of these were very humble ones, but others were larger. In one he had sat down with 1100 native Christians. (Applause.) The native Christian people were mostly poor. Their wages ranged from 3d. to 6d. per day. In other cases women received 4s. and men 6s. a month. It might be said that food was cheap, but in times of drought they died in thousands. They were, in India, a very religious people. This was seen by a traveller on every side. But their religion was a false, one, and consisted only of idolatry. Its bad effects were seen in the system of' caste. This system began by being a social matter, but it was now a religious creed. It divided the people into arbitrary divisions, and was acting as a bar to all progress, loyalty, and love. Sometimes, in its working, it was almost absurd. In some parts, for instance, natives below a certain case must not wear a turban or carry an umbrella. The. second result of this false religion was the humble, position of women. There was no: surer index to the character of a nation than the way women îî'18 treats- Woman in India occupied a degraded position. From the moment she, was born it was felt there was your'e en- the household, and the curse followed her to the grave. But if would be asked what about their Christian work? Well, there were something like half a million native Christians there, and three thousand native male and, two thousand female Christian, agents. The work had been more < successful in some parts than others. But apart from numbers, there was a feeling of reality about it when one met men and woman, who showed that Christianity had really entered into their lives. He had met with many interesting, experiences. A Some of these Mr. Spicer narrated. In one instance a native priest left his temple and built a house to the service of Christ. (Ap- plause.) In another case . Christian boy suffered great hardships at the hands of his parents. Many of the man working in the plantations were willing to deny themselves maintain order to give to the Christian Church. There was certainly no need to be ashamed of the work that the London Society had done, and was doing, in India. The question was, would it be able to maintain this work The boys who were being educated in their schools would some day occupy some of the most influential national positions in the Government of India There were nearly 10,000 natives in the universities in India, and there were a large number in England in the temple alone there were 400 native Indians studying for the law At the last general election in England two natives offered themselves as candidates for Parliament, and it certainly would not be long before we should have in Parliament natives from India Another sign of the times was the rapid progress that was being made with regard to the education of Indian women Educated men would not of course, have unedu- cated women for their wives the result of it was therefore, that although the more rotten us many OF considered it unwise to educate a woman, still they were now given way on this point This showed holy A\ western civilisation and Christianity were undermining the foundations of the Indian idolatrous religion (Applause ) He wanted to ask them now what was the position they occupied as Australians with reference to the London Society of w ere they prepared, as Christian men and women, to do their part in laying the foundation of a purer and nobler religion in India a Remember, those Indians were members of the British Empire (Applause ) They were being educated and rendered fit to fill high positions in the land And they were going to allow thought they could get the qualification-to occupy seats in Parliament. He would ask them, as Christians, to lay this matter to their hearts, and y\ Just these people were being, educated let them also be taught the higher truths of Christianity He would remind them of their duty to Christ He had given the command that we should go forth and pro ich the Gospel, and he asked them to do their share in this great enterprise And now a few words as to the position he occupied as the treasurer of the society They were in London extremely grateful for the help rendered, but there was this w weakness, it was an in course the exact amount of which could not be foretold The mistake made in the past of asking them only to contribute to and not to share in work was in the future to be reme- died, as committees had been appointed here to select candidates for missionary pery ices (Cheers) The churches of Australasia would thus feel that they had some responsibility with regard to the great missionary enterprise Their expenditure was yearly increasing, and the churches at home were doing the best they could to help them, still he must confess that he looked forward to the future with a great deal of anxiety, and hoped that Australia would resolve upon giving them increased help Let each one present do his utmost to hasten the time when all the nations on earth should see the salvation of God (Cheers ) Dr. DALE, who was received with applause, said while listening to the address of his dear mond, Mr Albert Spicer, he regretted very much that Mr Spicer did not feel at liberty to occupy the whole of the time of the meeting, as he had stronger claims to speak on the subject than he had, and possessed an amount of knowledge in relation to the actual work of the London Missionary Society that comparatively few men possessed Although from time to time he had been permitted to render some slight service at home to the great missionary enterprise, he was conscious that in the presence of of Mr Albert Spicer he had no right to speak of it. He had listened to Mr Spicer's address with the profoundest interest, and his thoughts were perpetually travelling, while he listened, between that assembly and millions of their fellow-subjects in India, whom Mr Spicer visited only a few years ago And the more he thought of the millions yonder, and of the relationship to them assumed and implied by the address to which they had been listening, the more deeply was he impressed with the mystery and glory of that assembly He had been accustomed for many years to cease to travel far in order to discover miracle He had miracle at his very feet He was confronted with miracle in the common incidents of his personal life, and when talking to those to whom he had to speak of things eternal and divine, he had long forsaken the practice to which most young ministers were inclined-that of endeavouring to find his way into remote and unfamiliar trains of thought to discover something to impress them with. He discovered in those great truths which were the commonplaces of Christian thought that which was most august and that which was most dry one, and he wanted them to consider for a few moments how strange, how awful, how glorious a thing that meeting was they had come away from the commonest pursuits of secular life in which they had been engaged for the most of the day, and were there assembled entrusted, as their presence implied, with duties so sublime and so august in relation to millions of the human race, that angels and archangels might tremble at them All they had been listening to was that it depended in part upon them whether the mum to possibilities of righteousness, blessedness, and glory which God had lodged in the moral and spiritual life of millions of their fellow-men were to be fulfilled their presence there implied that it depended in part upon them whether the great object that drew the eternal Son from the heights of God in order that he might assume their nature, live their life, and die a cruel and shameful death for the sins of the yy old, should be fulfilled. Upon their personal fidelity to the trust which had fallen upon them, and of which they were reminded that evening, depended the satisfaction in part of the infinite mercy of God in relation to the human race, and of the craving of God to see His wandering children back at His feet their meeting meant all that, or it meant nothing at all It meant that this great responsibility rested not upon exceptional and elected persons among them, but upon the commonalty If Christian people Every one of them shared the responsibility, and must bear the shame of failing to discharge it as well as the glory of accomplishing it. He would entreat them to consider how strange and wonderful was the position with which they had been invested by the thought and purpose of the Eternal The found in the dignity and greatness of the responsibilities to which they were called the interpretation of truths in the teaching of Christ Why was it that they were mysteriously one with the eternal Son of God, Could not God have rescued them from eternal death and raised them to a life of righteousness and blessedness yy without drawing them into a union so intimate, mysterious, so wonderful as this, with the eternal Son of His love i But God had made them the life of Christ, and yy as it surprising, therefore, that he had called them to share the functions of Christ, and carry on and perfect the work which Christ came from heaven to accomplish!' Having received the life of Christ, must not that he had freedom of action in sublime dignity { That life that they had received from Christ must reveal itself in work that had a certain analogy m work that Christ himself came from heaven to perform They were partners with him, had communion with him in his life, and it was not surprising, therefore, that they should have communion with him in his work. He supposed they would never undertake the work with the seriousness, depth of conviction, and intensity of earnestness which it required until they had a far more vivid apprehension than they had at present of the reality of this union between themselves and Him who came to seek and to save the lost In some sort, the incarnation of Christ was prolonged in the personal life and history of all those who had received His salvation They had received the life of God, the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, not merely that they might be kept from flagrant vices and lead noble lives, satisfying the conscience and demands of society by which they were environed Those must be some mysterious functions to which they were called The answer was given in the meeting they were holding, and in which they are recognising the truth that God had lifted the humblest and obscurest of them into partnership with the Lord Jesus Christ in His great task of saving the human race from eternal destruction, He had accomplished alone the stone ment for the sin of the world But they had received the life that dwelt in Him that the atonement He had thus consummated be made known to mankind, that the hearts of men might be drawn to trust in the God who had thus revealed his money to the human race The greatness of the task to which God had called them, indicated the greatness of the powers with which God had endowed them so they had to pity the heathen people, and undertake work for their redemption in the spirit of Christ, who laid aside His glory and became man in order that the world might be redeemed It was just those considerations which it seemed to him would enable them to undertake work of Christian missions There were times when they were overwhelmed by the greatness of the task to which they were called, and their hearts had sometimes sunk within them in considering the condition of vast numbers of heathen people that it was impossible for them to undertake the work with cheerful- ness But they should think more of the good news they had to tell than the sadness of those to whom the good news was to be told He would not attempt to follow Mr Spicer into the economical and administrative questions which he raised at the close of his speech, but he would express sympathy and concurrence with him in his general position He did not believe the churches of New South Wales would over do their fair share of this missionary enterprise until they were directly responsible for some definite news sionary work they might consider what responsibility it would be most natural for them to assume, but so long as they were simply contributing funds to a society 12,000 miles away, on whose board of directors they had no direct representation, and in whose fortunes they only had indirect interest, so long as that was so they would never have brought home to them that sense of responsibility without which they could not accomplish that which lay within their power to accomplish the work to which God had called his people. He prayed that God would reveal to them their union with Christ that great work, so that they might take up the work with now earnestness, and be prepared to manifest more of the self-sacrifice of their Master in carrying it out (Applause ). The doxology was then rang, and the meeting terminated with the benediction 