. _ The Bulli Verdict. ... . A ritoiwxD feeling of relief will rest on. the inirids of all pei-sons interested in thp Bulli disaster on houring that a jury,- after a long' and patient inrcstigntion', have, ?fomulo;tolerably:definito yenlict. 'It is tliut :' Tlie jury are of opinion timfWilliiim Wade nndothers came 1jjt their death in th? .Bulli coalmine on 20rd* iliirch by a gas disregard of the - iBulli colliery special rules, and the Coalfields llegulati'on Act iri nllowingmen to ?\vorlc where gas existed.' ; . T-wo facts are lure distinctly enunciated ; namely, that the catastrophe was' the result.of-a: gus explosion, : and thiit tho explosion was caused hy disregard, of ?colliery , and Parlinmcntary regulations. After the. fiasco' Vat Lithgow .there -was ieason'tp fear that nothing so definite ns .thro ..first. finding in i this^vordiet would he arrived at. Gn that occasion some learned ^onsense ?was indulged in about 'cool; . (justj , falls i ;of earth,;; arid' air concussion.. The' explanation which ? sciunco vouchsafed to give .was noarly equal in its obscurity to that of the^iost famous' -ghost story,';' or of tales of super stition from' the dark1 ages.'' Thiise plain . mcji . at B.ulli hayq ...siiid ,,that (in 'the caso- ? befoi'e.them the, explosion :was .caused by ''gne. ?' Thoir\\-erdict'Rorfur. will command., uniyerfal belief. . There woro- 'all: the! .'previous, conditions;' and .'all' tho after-' fiignp.,'..vThb, district -vas always ;jino^yn aS 'tho .gas idistrict; and iire damp is 'a.'tjiiujf; common enough in mines to bo recognised, by (ill miners: 'Every man1 -belonging to; this -mine knew :that-^hq deudlie^tjonemy ?which the miner has,, to, bravo was? thcro':1 lie knew that tho gas wus cleared.' 'out day',1, hyilnybnly(by^eatcare7imd.thatifitwere! .not,- thero.inigh't^j'.at un.y,lm'onio'nt,Uiccur! .a toiible accident.-;, ltd Unevyt'.'iilso.i'that it -was tho' ' business fbfc the authorities to ' do tlifcif uttnost'tci piirifj-'th'at.partof the. working above aH'other paftsYandjii'uth . to;:tell;i most of vtho geepssary arrango-1 nicntB- for that 'purpose, appjour tofhavp exiiiled. ' 'VVhi'it led to afatal lessoning of,', vigilance tnay never be ? knbwri:' ?' (Fro'in^ ,tliqv litUp. .infoi- maticin' wliich, has; ,been.' -elicited on that point it- appears io'b'o the?' I!old'--Bttory — that familiarity : :breecla-,coni'; tempt. We regard it as. perfectly satis-' f actoiy'tl'iat the jury. hayb ' 'said 'iiiat tho fatal event was a gas explosion. There still lire to ibcirgceiii all the signs :of it.. , Not only were ihcibodics of mon and horses,, scorched, but props and beams of timber IPJbo i ywr? ^^uptVps) i£,tb.oy ;h^d.bcen ill : an ordinary fire. ' Jlostof the expert's found this proof too plain and demonstrative ; some ventured to doubt, and might have done, so if the top' of1- tho mountain had t een blown off. , So iar tho . inquiry has demonstrated the f ac't that' gas exists in the Hill;Ipn(Ldistrict of-.,this Bulli mine, and may in a short time accumulate in such : quantities that an' explosion' of ;it will .drag-death arid ruin behind it. : But tho most striking,, part 'pf this fi.-diag is, that the explosion, took place through .- -neglect on tho part of 'bothpro prictbrs'and workmen ns to both- colliery an'd legislative rogulatipris: ' Thoro is litttp, doubt on.. this point, and' 'tho .'fault of the.ownci'8 comes; first. ,-sli .they had not ; allowed -the gas to ? accumulate. 'rib amoiint of neglect on the1 part of miner? 'could ha.ye brought/ about. .a'h';6xp'losio'ri. iOpingiback' pvcr^thp oi*idencc,j thpvo.are three points of neglect on tho piirt of tho ownei-s. It is Btated'in thosnmmingupof 'the coroner that the company wcro'bound to pmj)lo}- a ? deputy: and a .back 'deputy inspector. They employed only-oae. If -this fact. can' be?f proved it will show that .the managnment was ; highly ? culpable. The next point is that ' thisjono deputy .rappears;tp have performed 'his , duty in- a ' very careless way.-.i; Through this., man,' sofar'ns 'we 6an: -judge; :it happened that ; the Government inspector ' -.was misled. The latter had no, business to bo so ;misled,.;-aud the fact, that ho took. this depiity's word on the state of the mine suggests that he :had done so ni(my times before. ! A yeiy groat clanger is diselosc'd by'tliisstiitoof. things.;. Surely there avo means of finding out when an in spector, ' ? on 'whoso vigilanco1 hundreds of lives depend, does his Work arid when he'.' docs., not. Words aro not strong enough tolcxpress tlie indignation that will be felt at this part of .this terrible -business. Here is a stage of tho management at which the presence of' at least three competent inspectors,, should bo 'met with— namely, tho deputy, ?, tho haelc deputy, and tho Govei'nnient or ;somo other official inspector:' And instead of two in the mine there was only one, :and this, one informs the formal inspector, who -was formal indeed, that he need not go into the mine. Thoro is cause seriously to 'doubt if ho; himself had been in.-.; Tho. last point of fault, and a very serious one it is, relates to the pro hibition .contairicd in the now regula tions under which the :-:mon;- have fe'cdmmcnc'ed work, to /the ^effost that miners should not for themselves in spect the mine, as by Act of Parliament they-ure entitled to do. Will tho verdict of the jury lead to the rescinding of that harsh rule? The fault 'laid at1 tho doors of the men appears to be 'inconsistently laid there. If it could be shown that the ? explosion was caused by naked lights, and that it was the fault of the miners that their lights were naked, a portion of tho , blame -could -.ho: shoeted home to them. Hut it is in evidence that the explosion was caused by ablast discharged by some men in the ordinary1 course: Surely it was riot their fault that they were pursuing their work-in tlie ordinary way. If a mine is not safe enough for a tihist, its air is not pure enough'' to breathe. ( It .is to be hoped thut this verdict will lead to a complete change in the management, and, if possible, to some thing else in . regard to those who have been guilty of such fata! neglect. ?''''?'' 