PRESIDENTIAL ADDRESS. Bishop BaUBY said: 'i Jly rev. breth ren and my brethren of the laity, — The lite of our church caunot be— and we. should he false, indeed, to the old traditions of the Ch-.ireh of Eogland if we ever conceived that it could be— separated irom the general life o: the whole community. The associations, tbereiore, which anark this year so strikingly for all Englishmen iu this colony mast reflect themselves not indistinctly npon our thoughts and feelings at this opening of our chnrch svnofl. " JLlilLEE AND tEXTF.XAP.l- CELEBRATIONS. It is the Jubilee year. In that respect it tonchei us as free citizens of the great British Empire1 and as loyal subjects of a sovereign to whom that Empire owes mors than it can ever fully know in respect of the marvellous growth, the scarcely-troubled peace, the large measure of material "prosperity, the progress ot intellec tual, moralj religious civilisation daring the last ob Tears. The synod will be glad to be informed" officially that before I left England, in oledience to the united request of all the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania, I submitted to Her Majesty the simple but emphatic ex pression of a loyalty strong in respect and quickened by affection. It is tho eve of the centenarv celebration, which concerns the cclonv as such in the independent, self- governed energy which coexists so well with membershio of the great body of the Empire ; and this celebration, though it inns: measure back tbe past in retrospect, tracing from humble beginnings a large and vigorous growth, ye: mainly, I think, suggests rather the looking forward to a greater' and maturer future. As in the individual -so in the eommumtv, the birthday of the young is always ringed with the bright light of hope. I trust that through the whole of the Christian church here in all its branches therewill be, either through combined or through concerted action, a resolution to hallow tho celebration uni versa Jv by solemn thought and by earnest thanksgiving and prayer. Nor should I fail to glauce, though it be but in passing, at that other centeaary, less exciting and yet not less instructive, which we have lately celebrated— the completion of the hundredth year, of the colonial episcopate, and tho growth from the one Nova Scotiau fiee of . 1-fi" o; the 1 1 bishoprics of our own day — marking the pro-ress oi our church in America, aod India, Australia' and New Zealand, Africa and the island-: of the grea' ocean. While we thank Go 1 for the past, we thin.: in : v.-i/Msr how great must bs tbe expansion here, I God's blessing, in tho tif»zt hundred j veiw/. And then, within the larger circle of thfes,- general associations, there.are some peed- liar to ourselves, having the same twofold J aspect, which we cannot pass br, tee new synod-hall. "Wo meet to-day in a new synod-hall — in architectural beauty and, I trust, in convenience more worthy of oar synod. As new. Upturns our thoughts onward in prayer that Gcd's blessing rnaj rest upon tho deliberations which shall hers be held "in the years to come. It sugg3'ita the newness of thought and action which is the essential token and condition of vitality. But it is pjso a memorial of one to whom I have gladly had more than one occasion to refer with deep respect, and who," I know, to many here is not a dead but a living memory. In that aspect it teaches the still higher lesson, not oniy of our continuity with the past history of the' church here, but aho o; our unity, spiritual and therefore imperishable, \vith those who hare labored in that past and are now at rest. Uuder these associations, we eater, with per haps even more than usual of ssriousaess and high resolution, on the deliberations of this year. RESIGNATION's. Some change?, some iojaea—t great, though hardly so great as those which last year I had to record— add a keener personal , enforce ment to these feelings of solemnity. Among the clergy wo most omit this year two "respected names — of the ReV. J. R. Blotntieicf, who through ill- health has retired irom active work ® long and faithful service to the church of SI years, aad the Rev. T. W. Unwin, fc'ho, having exchanged the parish of St. Luke for a cbap- laiucy at the Rookwood Cemetery, can no longer be a member of this syncd. Among the laity I know that we shall all, whatever our special phase of opinion may be, m:ss with deep regret the familiar presence of Mr. Sheohcrd Smith — that strong-minded and large- hearted churchman, always ready to aid good Christian work, Mway3 recognising by labor acd sacrifice the duty of every Christian to the Master whom he loved. Not less— though ia this case thero is no sorrow over death— shall we miss the aid and counsel of Mr. Thomas Robertson, the registrar of the diocese, and here our able and conscientious chairman of committees, even while we may rejoice to know that by his Change of residence he has beeu enabled, as the Biibop of liiverina informs me, to render inva luable service to the formatiou of the syncd of that new but (thank God !) floutisbiog diocese. Aud to one other loss I must refer — one which concerns ine especially, but which we shall all eel— the resignation of the chancellorship and with it, of his place iu the synod by him whom v.e now rejoice to know a3 Mr. Justice Stephen, and whom you will ntft think tnat I described here wronglv u year ago as a the dis tinguished inheritor of a distinguished name. Too short has been our otlicial connec tion, though long enough for valuable service whicu I gratefully acknowledge. > But the severance, as it leaves to mo the privilege of private friendship, 60 in the synod and in the church, I am sure docs not diminish our tribute to him of respect and esteem. tee history of tue past year. I turn from thi3 notice, brie: but far from perfunctory, of the changes which have passed over us— and it is singular ho.v great such changes have been even ia the short experience of rnv episcopate— to deni, as usual, first, with the details of toe year's outcry ana ot tas work proposed for this synod ; next, \o suggest to you certain principles which it is wed to remember in uealiug with some ot the more anxious problems which just now present them selves to us. Pardon me ir I have to trespass on your attention at a length which is to some. I am told, wearisome. The growing business, the increase of important questions, which are the sign and the penalty of progress, must plead my excuse. What points have tc be noted in the history of the past year First, let ino remind you that one old and vaiued member oi the synod we welcome thfcs year under a new title. Tbe Her. Canon Gunther has consented to give me his aid — and no cmtits episojti could be truer and more clear-sighted — iu the new Archdeaconry of Camden, i feel greatly the need of that tuiier organisation of The (Recede which archdeaconries .sap- oiv, and I trust that at no distant time here, as in other dioceses, such endowment mar be found for them us may set the holder?" free, wholly or partialiy, from the restraints oi parochial charge for iao:e general service bo the church. The value of this support to the bishop— in whose case the old Greek maxim, " No: hing without the bishop," is here sometimes carried out with an almost cracl luerality— has been brought especially home to me by my cuforced absence — longer thaa I wished," although 1 made it as short as might bs— during this past year. Even though I soeak in his presence, I must express no; only my own deep obligation, but also the debt of gratitude due from the whole diocese, to the Yen. the Archdeacon of Cumberland for bis loyal and earnest, methodical and unwearied discharge, during my aosence, of the du:ie3 of commissary. It is by his request that I acknowledge publicly the aid and sympathy in that somewhat difficult work which he has re ceived from his brother-archdeacons and rural deans, from the members of the standing com mittee and the many other committees who watch over our various church works ; and, last but not least, from oar assistant-registrar, Mr. Atkins, whose valuable services I raysslr know be grateful experience. The captain ot the ship iu which i ."ailed homewards told us that if he were disabled he had at least two or three officers who could equally well navigate the vessel. It is my happiness to Know that, if for anv reason I fail, there are arm and true hand3 who, under the guidance of the Divine compass, will grasp the helm. I trust that I may bs pardoned if I here exoress to my fcllow-churchmen and many of my fellow- citizens my her.rttelt gratitude for the sympathy which I have received, as in the sorrowful cause of my absence, so in the partial relief from its pressTire, which by God's mercy has been granted to us. "IONS OF VISIBLE PROGRESS. The usual signs of visible progress will come before you to-day. Two proposed new parishes, at Neutral Bay "and South Creek, will be sub mitted to this synod, making up tho number of 13 since I catne here in 184. Isew churches have been opsncd or foundation-stones laid at St. Savior's (Kedfyru), Burrawaug, Bowral, Bexiov, Kentral Bay, Broughton Greek, Fox- ground. Kenthurst," Oiford, Mossman'a Bay. Missions-room?, which I greatly value for freedom and elasticity as adjuncts to a pariah for its more evangelistic work, aud which I would gladly see multi plied in number, have been similarly inaugurated iu the pv.rbshes ot All Saint?' f Wooilahra), St. Barnabas' (Sydney), St. Luke's (Barwood), and Castle Hit!, aud have continued their useful work in St. P-ter'i (Woollootnooloo), Chriet Church and the cathedral district. I oaly regret that, in most cases, these new enterprises have been begun under burden of debt, some without what 1 tnunu to lis a matter or imperative tuny—a provision for the gradual discharge of that debt. To this subject i may haVs to recur to hereafter. But, in spite of this, I rejoice and you will rejoice- with me, iu these visible evi dences that our work grows, a? in this growing community it should grow, under the call and (as we trust) the blessing of God. THE CHURCH PROPERTY RILL. The report of the Standing Committee will huve informed yon of the passing of the Church Property BiU, by which- Parliament under cer tain conditions leaves to the synod, a3 the trustees of thechurch property, the right of turning it to new uses wherever, from any cause, the old purpose to which it was devcr.td hits ceased to be really valuable. The Act' will save the money of the church and the time of Parliament, while its elrect will be, i believe, the firmer and more sagacious guardianship or church property. Perhaps it has a farther value as a type of the general policy, which is, I thiuk, the'enly reasonable ond useful policy— of gaining unlettered liberty for tbr. Church in all that concerns her resources acd her organi sation. Under this Act, the aid of tbe s/aod will be sought in more than one case daring thu oresent session. Hlii HER CHURCH EDUCATION. I canMheartily congratulate the eynod on 'the generally flourishing condition of our institu tions for higher church education. St. Paul's College has entered on its new buildings free of debr, and by extension of it3 numbers has gone far towards filling them. Moore College, as its report will, show, though»its numbers are still below its accommodation, has increased con siderably since last year, and, but for in adequate preparation, or inadequate means of intending candidates, would be fuller still. The King's .School, under its new head-master, ha? more than doubled its numbers and shows the greatest vigor and promise. Thanks to the vote of last year's eession, the council have been able to" carry out extensive repairs, to add a new ho3pi:aJ and a residence for ina3tera and to provide new class-rooms. Tbe first stoae will speedily be laid of a school-chapel — that indispensable adjunct to the life of an English public school — although here the funds have been already largely contributed and will, I trust, bo completed by donations mainly from the old boys of the school, without trenching on the improvement funds still iu tho nands of the council. The Clergy Daughters' School at St. Catherine's has already filled to the utmost its enlarged accommodation. The number of foun dationers is uow double what it was when tho present lady principal bean her work, and tne number of non-foundationers, through whom the school is becoming self-sap- porting. is largely increased. The cathedral school, under the charge and by the unwearied energy of our good precentor, is flonrishing more "than ever. Its excellence is proved by the increase of non- foundationers from without, while to oar choristers it 13 simply iovaluable, not only for masical instruction bnt also for rhut intellectual and moral training without which boys cau hardly take an intelkgent and reverent part in the caily services of a cathe dral. Everywhere I can chronicle advance ; and you, who know and I believe sympathise with' my strong sense of the transcendent im portance of higher religious education, will understand with what deep thankfulness I taake thi? announcement to you. Two steps ordered by tho synod for the promotion of this great cause are, as reports will show you, still delayed. For the transference of Moore College to Sydney, the trustees have only been able to prepare by the purchase of an. admirable site in the immediate neighborhood of the University. As vet the scheme by tvhich the parochial authorities and inhabitants of Liver pool-propose to further the utilisation ot the building.? for a new Church Grammar school still lingers. Till it becomes effective, it is felt to be hardly safe to complete the trasferoncent the college. Before next year I trust that this cause of delay will be removed. The creation of the new Gramthar School in Sydney by the expenditure of the residue (about £80.000) of the compensation money for the site of tne old St. James's School cannot, in consequence o; the wording of the Act obtained since last ees- sion. be carried out till the synod has ejected a council of management. Meanwhile the church property trustee?, ia order to save time, have provisionally suggested a site at St. Phillip's School and ob tained some preliminary designs, which they will submit to the judgment and determination of the new council. The same educational work iu it? lower aud more popular branches still goes stcadilv on. Our own parochial cnurch ecuoo.s still maintain themselves iu spite of difficulties and the competition of schools far better equipped and organised, with a success which shows that there are still v«ry many who value the old and unfettered tyne of religious educa tion. The instruction in the public schools continues its large usefulness : although, again, I must tell vou, not without some sham3. that its advance has been this year stopped and even turned back by insufficiency of support. THE LAT HELPERS' ASSOCIATION. I pass to a brief notico of the one new organisation of the diocese of which I last year announced the inauguration. The Lay Helpers Association i3 already more than a tsousaud strong, promising, I think, much detailed use- f ulnes?. but perhaps having its chief value in/ its witness for unity ami largo conceptions ot church work. Each year deepens ia my mind the conviction, of which I spoke last session, that in this we are orbr-aarrowed, over- parochialisel. Ii (as has been, I think, the case in Lonciou) our Lay Helper?' Association brings out more clearly the universality cf Christian dr.tv, and the need of a wide brotherly co operation. it will more than justify our aspir ations and our hopes. XATTERj Or LEGISLATION. You will see that some matters of legislation of a not unimportant but formal kind are to be submitted to you. The syncd will be invited to consider, and, if it approve, to invest with legal force, the pension scheme which last rear it entrusted to the Church Society and to amend tbe I'resentation Ordinance in respect not o: principle but of some technical d -Rects which had been experienced in practice. There will be submitted also for acceptance two Determinations of the General Synod— the first so amending the constitution of the Board of Missions as to give more of needful independence to ita diocesan committees and make the executive ebieflv a central board of advice ; tho other modifying tho method of the election of metropolitans, but by u provision from which the case of Sydney is excepted. I may remark that these determinations by no means represent the most important work of the General Synod. On some weighty matters it resolved in its independent character, as re presenting the church in Australia and Tas mania— such a? the establishment of a central examination on the type of the now all bntuni- versauv rccogaiseu lacoiogieai England, which all candidate? for holy orders may have the opportunity of pass ing, the provision if possible of means for ob taining for onr clergy theological degress, the acceptance for general use of forms ci occa sional praver to be drawn up by the bishops, which will, I trust, bs ere long issued. Some ox it referred to the great Lambeth Conference of next year— the important question of the means of securing a freer legal use o: the Prayer-book and the addition to i; by authority of special services; the still more important question o: approach on the part ot' the Church of England toward some greater viable unity with those brethren who, on what seem to us secondary points, are separated from us ; the cotnpara- tivclv "slight question cf the attachment of tho title cf Archbishop to the Prituatial ries of this branch and nerhaps by consequence to corres ponding sees of othof orandhes of the colonial church. tkf. divorce extension bill. On one point the General Syr.cd confirmed by it? high authority the action of this s.vnod in its earnest though temperate protest against, the bill for extension ot divorce, now, as we tuink iuost nntiappily, passed by tn< Legisla ture cf tins colony and submitted to her Majesty for her royal assent. 1 cannot but here iu'passing allude emphatically to the deep debt of gratitude which what we hold to be the cause both o: Christian principle and of public morality and welfare owe® to that distinguished member of our synod, tbe Hon. Edward Knox, who so ably and so stedfaatly resisted this bill ia the Legislative Council and reduced the force which carried ic to the insignificant ma jority of one. The synod will, I cannot cioubt, approve the course which, in common with some of my brother-bishops of this province, I have taken, in petitioning the Queen to withhold heriassen: until at leas: the public opinion of this colony ha? been far more decisively pronounced on a change so momentous in itself ana its consequence? that it ought to be accepted only by a virtual con sensus or an overwhelming majority of the whole members of our Legislature. What may be tbe issue of this last protest wo cannot tell. But at least, before God and man, we shall have "delivered our souls.'' the constitution'S of the synods. From the General Synod, which is just passed, I tarn for a moment to tbe Provincial Synod, which is to uieet this year under the new con stitution framed in 14 and now accepted by all tue diocesan synods but one, which nas no: yet met. it i?, I think, not unlikely that it may consider the necessity of applying to Par liament for inch modification of the constitu tions as will remove all doubts a3 to the legal validity of it? new constitution, ar.d, in fact, leave the Provincial Synod itself free to modify its own organisation from time to time. It may he worth while for thi? synod to cou- aider whether ia that case it taay no, be well to apply for a similar freedom a? to the constitu- tioa'of .our own isynod. -Ko one, I believe, doubts that the growing number of our parishes is alrsydyjaakiog t'ai> synod too large, for ic has (yen uow mere riian twice the number of thmmbers of the Legislative Assembly of our whole colony. 2»o oue cm bo blind to the misfortune of befog precluded from summoning to our synod even our highest church digni taries, odr dean and our archdeacon?, if they chance to be without parochial charge. It seem? but reasonable that, a? in the dloceso of Melbourne, it should be free to dml in this respect with its own affairs. Who can supped that Parliament ha- oiriwr right or desire to regulate ibe composition cf an ecclesiastical assemble ? the csrnru act. Another irnporiant matter will, £ know, come before tne rrovmcuu ."lyuou on waicu it may please ibis synod tc make some reference to it. I zaeau the position of our present Gaurch Act. That tlus Act was wise ia the first instance and »ha; it has bean useful in the pn..t I can well believe. But it presupposes a conditiou o; things now largely obsolete : it cannot be applied and is not applied to i.iuuv of our churches, especially our tree aud open churches. Yet at this moment it seems to supply the only legal status of a church and parish, and when I ' am irom time to time consulted as tb the legal right? o: churchwardens, trustee?, cougrogation1, in the churche? not under it. I am obliged, after obtaining the best advice, to reply with come humiliation that I can give no sufiicicut r.uv.ver at ali. There are, I believe, various ways proposed of dealing with ihia difficulty. But it concerns the good order ot the church aud the right position of its authorities that it should be in some way deal: with. FULL or INTEREST and ENCOURAGEMENT. The view which I am thus enabled to give of xke actual growth e: the church ia the pas: year aud of the piaeiical work to which this synod will b: eaheu i-», ou the whole, full of interest and encouragement. There is in i: .achievement for which we may thank God ; out of that achievement open, as usual, call and promise for tbe future. I can see but two hindrance? which can mar our advance— co existent though they seem inconsistent, for the ; maxim that " extremes meet," under guise . of paradox, expresses a fundamental and ! intelligible Jaw— the undue development of extreme? of opinion and patty spirit, in some, which is a serious evil, and (what is to my iniaa infinitely more dangerous) a ciJrtain tendency to iudolent acquiescence and a shrinking from any active work which may seem likely to imply conflict in others. It would be, I think, out of place for me, ou the one hand, to deal with any points of the present controversy, or, on the other, siinoly to reiterate complaints, which may well be thought to have become hackneyed and conventional. But, it is, I think, not in consistent with my duty to suggest to you principles which underlie all these considera tions, and which ought to help both to form opinion and to guide action. It mav seem over simple, but J believe itfg true to say that tka key to the whole position — udder of course the higher guidance of Christian faith and duty — is thoughtful study of the principle? of tbe church to which we belong— a chnrch in solne points unique, undoubtedly complex in its pe culiar character, aud for that reason, to my mind, adapted to the complexity of human nature. THE dividing SCHOOLS OF THOUGHT. What tbe Church of England is in point of doctrine, and how impossible it is to include tho whole of its doctrine under the formulte of any of the schools— High Church, Low Church, Broad Church — which divide it, I have, on previous occasions, suggested to you, and I nesd not try to deal exhaustively with this subject, all important a? it undoubtedly ia, yet it cannot be passed wholly by. Let me but point you to the exhibition of this truth, as it is plainly visible Li our articles, which, if they are an authoritative guidance only to the clergy, must have some instruction to our educated laity, and if, as is historically the case, they bear the characteristic impress of the thought of the l'Jfh century, and aid not at the time of their composition claim completeness and per manence, ye: have, so far as I may judge, achieved a measure of both by their own intrinsic merit and exemplify to us the law of u the survival of the fittest." WHAT THE 8!' ARTICLES INDICATE. Tbev at least determine what our church In tended to be as emphatically a reformed church. Like other confessions of that 18th ceutury, they were designed to be positive even more than negative — to declare not merely what tue | adherents of the great Reformation rejected but also what they believed. Pardon me if 1 thuB point you to what men may think a true and familiar document. Without the faioiCat idea of satire, I cannot but think, that of many who talk of our articles 30tne have never studied them at all, and etill more have never studied them as a whole. Look then, at the first five Articles ; you will find that they siroolv reiterate— with some peculiarities o. expression, and with some additions character istic of western theology generally and oi the 18:h century in particular — the old Catholic iaith of. Christendom." from which the English Reformation authoritatively declared' th.at it had no intention to depart. They traverse, again, tho lines of the ancient creeds, iu the belief in the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. Pass to tho next group of three Articles (M.— viii.), aud you shall fiud that in them tbe Chnrch of England definitely casts iu its lot with the Reformation, by asserting what under all phases was its primary doctrine— the sufficiency of Holy Scripture, as "con taining all things necessary to salva tion," while, as common sense and obedi ence to the order of God's Providence dictate, she accepts a? in the creeds the interpretation of the Church of Christ— the accumulated teaching oi historical Christianity— as an authoritative, though not infallible, interpreta tion, making the church fas is aftervrards said) not a ct)-ordiuate authoritv, but a "witness and keener of Holy Writ." Sext. study that long series of Article? (IX.— xviliri on what we now call subjective Christianity — the appli cation to human nature, as fallen nud redeemed, oi the great objective trnths and powers of revelation. It is thi? group which bears most plaioly the impress of the age. It views the two great Reformations of tho Continent the German (or Lutheran) and Swiss (or Calvtnis- tic) reformations — what men then called ais- tinctly the "Protectant" and "Evangelical .movements— and deals independently with the great principles giving life to both. On "Jus tification bv Faith," the great watchword of Luther, it largelv sympathises with the soberer aud moro guarded form of La- theranism, which emerged in the Augsberg Confession. On the mystery of pre destination and election, it rigidly confiuesl itself to unsystematic aad purely scrlptura, language, which would have failed to satisfy the iron logic of Calvin as historically if uid fail to satisfy those who understood and loved the hard symmetry of hi3 system. But on both the Church of England took uj> an attitude of discriminating independence. It sympathised more or less with, but it aid not follow abso lutely, the great movements of Continental i Reformation. Yet more strongly is thi? inde pendence stamped on the stLl longer series which follow (XIX.— xxxvi.), dwelling on the church aud the sacraments, am.1 — some times by implication, sometimes in vehement denunciation — protesting against Rpmish per versions oi both. Of all the Articles these are most distinctly Anglican. By the points in which they agree with and hi- Vir:cn in tvVGMi thnr mtfnr from the many other confessions pouring in from all quarters in that century, they bring out that independent spirit in which (a? the famous challenge of Bishop Tench showed) the Church of England went back for herself to Holy Scripture and the teaching of the Primitive Church. Even if they be takon alone, without the interpretation of'our Prayer-book and our Catechism, you will see how Impossible it is to include theru under any one formula. They have been said, as you know, to keep the via media. But observe — for this is of infinite im portance—that they seek to find it not by balancing batween'cxtremes but by searching after tho true way, which is apt to be tliu middle way simply because it u the charac teristic of "error in various forms to diverge from it on either hand. Kor is this les? true of the short fiDal group of Articles (xxwit.-xxxix.), which touch on the relation of church and .State, ana especially on what the Royal supremacy was and was not in thcorv — what it ought aad ought not to have been "in oractice. In another form, that truth is important now. The Royai supremacy meant really the assertion of the ultimate power of the whole church, of which the Sovereign was the representative and supreme governor, and iu this the assertion of the rights of tbe laity, which had long been overborne. In church, a? in State, sovereignty has passed from the one to the many. It is important to see what the Church of England hoids as to the reality aud limitation of that sovereignty and what are the full meaniug andj necessary consequences of the declaration that aho gives not to it "the miniaturing either of God's Word or eff the sacraments." The object of tbi3 bviei survey— which I have tried to make a3 far as possible purely descriptive, and which I williugly leave to the critical and thonghtfnl judgment of men — is not to maintain either the perfection of the Articles or the tri»th of the position of the Church of Eogland as they set it forth. I do not deny that, for myself, I re joice in the line taken up — comprehensive, be cause in the true sense moderate, moderate because scriptural. I prefer the irregularity of a natural growth to a dead artificial symmetry. 1 prefer.'tdtke clearness of a narrow simplicity, the balance — branded by some as " compro mise" — which seems to iiie indisputably the law of human nature and therefore o; truth, as viewed by and applied to that nature. But my object is to show that which so tnaay, who, ia thi? party or in that, speak of tbe principle? of the Church of England, claiming them a3 exclusively their own, seem to me to fail of dis'cerning— to show, in fact, not what these principles ought to be, but what they are. A? with the Articles themselves so with the priucipies they embody ; some would no doubt read into them or read out of them statements, positive ov negative, which they contain : some- would greatly simplify them or get rid of then: a? authoritative expositions altogether. But, meanwhile they are what tk?y are. and within them I believe that dif ferent schools ot thought can find abundant room it only tucy will think mainly of pressing on side by side — each flying, if it will, its own colors under the common standard— in conflict with siu aud the unbelief which rejects Chris tianity altogether instead orjostiing and driving ou: one another. CHURCH CONSTITUTION AND GOVERNMENT. But, while I cannot but refer to the principles, of the Church of England iu respect of doctrine, my chief desire is to turn your thought? to them as they bear upon church constitution and government. hat i.s the true position of the Church of England here ? Now, all conceptions of the church must, I think, take for granted, if they rely not on theory but on actual history irom the earliest i.mes, me existence oi a ministry lawiuuy called aud sent" (I use the thoughtful, Pimple word? of our Article) " to execute the office of public preaching of the Word, aud ministering the Sacraments" — so called aud sent "by men who have public authority given them in the church" — set apart by some form of solemn ordination and benedict Ion — bound by vows which, rot according to the will of the congre gation! out according ,to their own conscience in tbe sight of God, and to the truth which they have solemnly accepted, they must fulfil. Thi? conception ot" the ministry of the church lies beyond all ordinary controversies ; it is accepted in the inaiu by the great mas3, of Christendom. Its full recognition has historically kept pace with tbe vitality and ! unity of the church : aU attempts to overbear directly or indirectly, have iujured both. It must bs, of course, controlled by law; but openly to deny ft or practically to undermine it is to revolutionise the Church of Christ. But, accepting this fundamental fact, there are, it seems, two theories of the church — tbe one corresponding to absolute, the other to consti tutional, government iu the State. The one iwsigns to the ministry in whatever form — the body of Presbyters, the collective Episcopate, the Pope with or without his council — the abso lute right of legislation, judicial function, exe cutive power — at any rate, in things spiritual, possibly (for it U hard to separate tbe two) in thing3 temporal also. This is the theory brought to a formidable perfection, as it appears to one wholookson from without, in the Roman Catholic system, especially as we gee it in the present day. It has much of the iron strength and close organisation of all absolutism, bought though they bo at a fatal price. Under it in this colony, as elsewhere, the Roman Church is putting forth nn energy, bringing out a wealth of resource, commanding from her people large sacrifices, which must tell powerfully on the future. So far as her work i.s work for Christ, against, the common foes of sin, ignorance of God, unbelier, I admire it ; so far as it i3 bouud up with what seem to me faUehoods, usurpa tion, corruption, I look upon it with anxiety. But even in this aspect, I feel convinced that ii cannot be rightly dealt with by oppression or injustice, it cannot be effectually dealt with by mere denunciation and barren pro test. No doubt it may need to be opposed by argument aud witness for Scriptural truth. But mainly it must be excelled— "out-worked and out-prayed " — in wIau we believo to be a freer aud a more excel lent way. The other theory is what I would call the "constitutional." It believes that, us the promises of Christ and His indwelling presence are given to the whole body of tbe church, so to that body belong, in things spiritual as well as temporal, law, judgment, executive authority. Clergy and laity alike have ia nil these things their duties and their rights. No man, no order, no class, is absolute. Tnis was undoubtedly the principle of the Church of Englaud in the Reformation of the lCsh century ; it was this which, not without much exaggeration and tyranny, >vaa intended to be embodied in the Royal supremacy ; in the throwing off of obedience to Roxne, in the establishment of our Prayer - book, in the enforcement of our Articles, King, Convocation, Parliament (then an assembly of la.v churchmen) all claimed and had their Bhare. This principle is still more plainly recognised in the church here. Our synod? arc tho governing bodies of our branch of the Church of England, and in them clergy and laity have their place side by side. In the diocesan synod, the bishop holds the place of a constitutional ruler. In I the larger synod?, the bishops collectively seem j to occupy substantially tbe same position. Here, as In so many other points, the Chnrch ( oi Ehgiand has grown up in the closest likeness , to the whole State of England. In both, there ; i? the strength of the inherent vitality and irnth of constitutional government. Iu both, ; these nre ourchased— cheaply purchased, as we j think— at the price of some inevitable ' drawbacks. It must be our? to cherish ; the one, and to minimise the other. This fundamental principle of church constitu tion we must all. willingly or reluctantly, . acknowledge 03 plainly embodied in our syftesa. I, for one, not oaly acknowledge it, but also | accept it heartily : that I do so I have shown : already by deferring on some points where I might have acted- independently to the ex- j pressed opinion of the synod even when it con- i flictcd with my own. I believe the whole body of our clergy are equally ready to recognise ungrudcinglv lav libcrtv and lay rights. Bnt, from this conception of the church, there follow certaju consequences — not always so universally acknowledged— without which it can never work in vigor of life and power. It ia to these that. I would pray your attention, and the attention of the churchmen wboia you represent. "LIBERTY WITHIN THE LIMITS OF TUE lav,. The ideal of constitutional tystern is the suprcniacv over alliof law and the free develop ment of "that "Ubertv within the limit? oi law" which was the watchword of some impor tant addresses of clergy and laity presented to the House of Bishop? during the late scssiou of the General Synod— "the supremacy oi law," not' airaply submitted to in it? hard, literal and coercive form, but freely ; nd loyally recognised, in spirit as well a3 in tetter, na the guard of 'liberty because the guard _ against license. Only so can that be true of hutnan law. which Hooker so eloquently declared of all law — that " her seat is in tbe bosom of God, her voiee the harmony of the world ; all things in heaven ffnd earth do her homage, the very least ae feeling her care, the greatest as not exempted from her power. « all, with one uniform consent, admiring her as the mother o.f their peace aud joy." That supremacy of law — S3 de clared by this aVncd, under the guidance of those constitution? which, on all fundamental mat ters, accept for us the law of the Church of Rugland as a whole— I would gladly ?ee «riil more fully and practically recognised over biebop, clergy aud laity, over ministers and parishes alike, in order to secure to all right independence, to guard in all case? against the toqflicts of. arbitrary privilege aud power. So far. as my experience has yet gone, nine-tenths of the difficulties aud quarrei? which are the chief weariness of a bishop's life would be pieveated by the more effective supremacy of law. We sometime? feel this, as citizen?, for our whole coiamunUy ; v,a must feel th:? still more keenly — for religious matter? are those which touch the soul most closely — fop our own church.- "'Liberty within the limits of law," in respect of doctrine, worship, life— impfting necessarily a large measure of variety — not only concerns the vitality, but I? also a necessary condition of .that comprehensiveness which some think the defect, but which to my mind is the giory, of the Church of England. Liberty to individual souls iu the condition? of church membership — liberty to the clergy in conscientious fulfilment of their duty — liberty to uarisbc3 and congregations in minor deve- lopments of ritual and practice— these things canuot now be destroyed or impaired by actiou of law. But they ought to be equally saved against the forces of arbitrary pressure and of iatolerauce of opinion, wasting rime aad energy on the infiuitely Utile, instead of trusting mainly to the positive declaration of truth, even our own special aspect of truth, as the power which mus"; prevail against falsehood and error. No doubt, all liberty must be usd With self- restraint — tender ot tbe consciences, feeling?, even honest prejudices of others— caring above all things, except truth and duty, for the peace and welfare of the whole body. But its existence ia/cven its occasional vagaries are, the condition of vitality. At all cost? — within, be it observed, and not beyond the w ide limits oi our law — it roust be frankly recognised. what tiie bishop intends to do. Let me say plainly that I myself shall always endeavor so to recognise it. Wherever my attention i? drawn to breachos of law under the regulations which our synod has wisely laid down— wherever, ' even without such infor mation, 1 think it well to inquiti? into such breaches of law motu jropna— I shall hope to do my duty unflinchingly as the guardian of law. tyherever my advice is asked, or wherever I may feel it right to tender it unasked, for the good of a charch and parish, even at the risk (which is no imaginary one) that it will be lightly regarded, I shall not omit to giro it with such authority as I may. I shall certainly ia my own practice and ia'my public teaching try to set forth what on these matters seems to me iright and accordant with the spirit of the Church of England.' But it is my fixed purpose, while I thus carry out what is I conceive toy boundea duty, to .reaped liberty even where it manifests itself in ways of which personally I do not approve; for I conceive that this is not -only accordant with the principles of the church, but is the only method by which vitality, sincerity, progress can be secured. THE DEVELOPMENT OF PARTY SPIRIT. Closely connected with this manifestation of true constitutional principle in the church is the limitation which it should impose on the developments of patty spirit. I ain not about ; to engage in the idle task of denouncing parties as such. That there will be parties in auy com munity, ecclesiastical or cirri, which has a free constitution and a representative system is shown by all experience ; that where) men are in earnest these parties must to some extent come into conflict, and that in view of such conflict their members mast partially merge their own individuality in them, is to be lamented, but it will never be avoided. But these parties become what the world calls factious, and what the New Testament notes as schismatic, only avhen they seek to overbear responsible authority, assume a spirit of in tolerance towards ail witnou: their pale, and indue® practical forgetfulness of that true harmdny of law with liberty which I have sought to indicate. That the formation within the church of party organisations tend? at least to this exaggeration and perversion of party spirit I caunot doubt. I have seen this plainly in tho church at home, which has — wbTfc wo have not— th? excuse of the want ofacompiete representative system through which the will of the whole body may expires itself. I should fail in iny duty if I uttered no warning on the subject here. The great corrective force which v/ili prevent or mitigate such evil? is, first, no doubt, the liirge-heartedoe?? of Christina charity, to which brotherhood is a liviug reality, and next the largerfdndedcess of right proportion in thought which can wisely esti mate the much in wnich wo agree aud the com paratively little ia which we diner. But, after these, I repeat, thero will be great povftr for gooa in uie true constitutional spine waicu l content to see the whole variety of opinion and feeling within the limtte of law express itself in church government and church life. "Within our synod, for example, such a spirit will show us clearly that our committees and organs of government ought to be truly representative of all sections of the majority and minority in duo proportion, and so to include the men of all parties who are best fitted to do the special work which to each delegated body is assigned. Qutsidt our synod it will keep party action aud even tbe asWcion of special truths and the protest against special errors, whicu is for each party its raUon d'etre, in their right secondary place — infinitely below tbe geueral energy of church work "and the proclamation of- the great fundamental Gospel truths which all of us hold as the life of our life. I confess to some impatience, not so much of indignation as of sorrow, that, at a rimo when the war of opinion is between religion and utter - Godless paganism, coarse or refined— when the question is not of this or that Christian pchool or church, but of the existence of Christianity' in its broadest simplicity— when we have to fight a battle of life and death against gigantic forces of sin— we . should be spending so much of our energy on the most- trivial party questions of opinion or practice, as if the shibboleth of party was the main Confession of Jesus Christ. It has been my experience throughout my life to be unable to enrol myself in any party, not because I sympathise with none, bat beca'use I cannot help finding- points of sympathy with all. I must not recommend the position to anyone who wants an easy life. Those who hold it may perhaps sometimes iose some means of practical power and will certainly bo attacked in turn from all sides and strongly defended by none. But what has been always the choice of temperament is now, I conceive, laid upon me as a sacred, duty. So far as God giv5? me light and strength, I mast be tbe bishop, not of . any party, but of the whole church. , If ever I hod that I can no longer do my best to feel with and to work with all true work for Christ which, within the limit? of our Church principle?, is going on under any form. I must lay down my trust, because I should feel myself unable to discbarge it rightly. THE SACRED DUTY OF WORK ANI) SACRIFICE. Let me pasB to another consequence of this free conception of the chnrch— tbe sacred dutv of work aad sacrifice which it lays upon all. The solid strength of absolutism is in the obedience of its subjects, the more clastic strength of a free community in the glad co-operation of its member?. Around us, in .States and churches, we see plainly the former kind of strength. The time i3 perhaps coining when the English people at large and our own Church of England will be forced by trial to show the superiority of the other. There is no prayer in our whole service more beautiful, more in structive than that which asks of Iliui by Whos$ Spirit "the whole bodv" — mark the phrase. " the whole body" — " of the church is governed acd sanctified that every member of the same, iu his vocation and ministry, mav serve llim." "In hi? vocation"— to "which every member of our church is called bv God in virtue, not only of the fundamental motives of Christianity 'itself, but of the " special character of the church membership which is his. "In his ministry" — a service of love, ready, gratuitous, uus tinted and no: ! a matter of ta3te or a matter of generosity. The longer I have experience of doty j here the more I feel the greatness of glorious opportunity given us, which will bear its fruit nc: so c u:h in the present as in the greater i future : vA I am bound to add the more I tcel that it v.ih be absolutely impossible to grasp it J vnlen r.o: a few of us bat all f titer lauic 1 thcrcwb'y :nto tbe responsibility imposed by our ciiU:ca freedom and tho diffusion among us oi chorea power. Take the cumruou. lough is.: e: rr.uv„v contribution. It is to me au absolute Mia'to dwell on it : but yet it i, as 1 have sail' ivfore. the tribute to Godot dormant pyv-cr, (.bleb cau f.urtly ioster and party give ic.p? to living energy. I hiiidSy know pka«e of church pvoere?? iu whicu ircra tiV.e to time I am c:\iled to >eek for advaaci tb.it is uot ccutiuually cramped by the want of Kcun s. I can hardly briuq myself to teli yeu, for example, year alter year how the | work of r/.igiou? education or the duty o: i church miisloti languishes for want of a few : hundreds cr thousand of pound?. l'voLubly i the vzoc-rhucv not exceptional ; it may t o 1 p.tral-o'.ed in other times and iu other churches. i But i> net ou thut account the less real or ! the his SLcuiflcant. Nor must I, in honesty, | conceal th.Yvct that cf thi? contribution there Si? much which i? not freely and gratuitously I given. Whit would a Christian of the Apostolic I Church think of the coutinual begging imposed I upon the clergy, uot least cn the ti?Lop, tor what ought to rcur in unasked ? Row con- 1 stnnrlv dcis St. Tul's injunction fiuumi lo a bishop nuw-a-davs ns a thing too good to hope i for— That there be no gathering:- whoa I corn: !' What are we to snv of the devices— always cnwelcomc, often miserable devices — i tc which naridhes seem tobe driven — thebaznais, the enferMiament.. the iuevitable collection at every rawing, creu the picnic aui tho cake fair? Vfe nre so familiar with the preva lence—is i: an increasing prevalence ?— of those thing? that we fail to estimate their sicniicacce — the terrible light which they throw oa the langouc of Christian duty am! '.rarity— foe Bcanurd which they c:ui?e in the eyei of that popular judgment which, if it dais r.o: go deep, is mostly ;rue-:be hin drances which, as I believe, tbuy throw in the way of gaining for Christianity the allegiance of tbe ere.it mas? of the working-people. Nor can Ireiraiafromtonching on auotheF phase of this same evil— tbe tendency to make contribu tion not a free gift of service but a barter for arbitrary rower. As I have said. 1 rejoicuia the constitutional power of the laity. 1 view without ui?5attsfr.cnon the free expression of conscientious feeling of the whole congrega tion. rich and poor, on the right footing of Christian e.mality. But tbu presence of pluto cracy in cur churches— the estimate oi the vaiue o: a irrun's adhesion, not by tbe strength cr wisdom of his Christian churacter | but "lr? the length of his purse — this j i.s not onlv a degradation of church, life, but a serious danger aud another fatal hindrance to the Christianity of working men. No support of tbe church is so goou a? voluntary c jiitri button on tire right principle ; better, fiir better, should I esteem it than the richest endowment. But I do no: know anything worse or more demoralising than the idea of buying spiritual thing? bv temporal— aa though (he faithful preaching yf Christ and the grace by which alone it can be Ours could be purchased by money. There is a power which may be too dearly purchased : for it kills that which it attempts to rule. What the chnrch needs i? the universal support on principle ot all her member? — not support given or withheld according a? a clergyman or a bisnop is liked or disliked — not support which ii a matter of chance or temporary impulse. I hear everywhere ju?t ntfw, iu our own church ami in others, of a serious defect in church resources this year because wc have had a succassion of wet Simdav?, and tbe curious thing is that men regret it bat speak of it as inevitable, just a? thev would speak, of a harvest spoilt by the rain. Yet doe? it ever occur to them to think f what it really means ? It means that the old Auo3tolic command, 4,'On the ilr3t day of the week let everyone of you lay iu store accord ing a? God has prospered hiiu," ia largely a dead letter :wnougua— tbat-ihany members of the church only give when they are solicited by the plate or alas-bag gofogits rounds and forget the duty when tliey'are kept from chutch by a shower of raiul Till this prccariotls insufli- ciencv o: discharge of duty is shamed by some sounder and nobler principle — till we rise at least to what the old 'tithe signified, or rather to the higher level state of free tribute to God of which tho epistles of the Now Testament are full — offr church cannot in worfcbo worthy of it? glorious traditions, andthe irccdom of its coosiitatiou may be practically a weakness instead of a strength. I have spoken oi money contribution because it is, ;as I have said, a rough unmistakable test before Abe eyes of the world. "But, though I c£n but glance at if, let me here say once more how much more valuable ia the contribution of work aud counsel— 11 not of jours, but of you." Ab solutism has its conscription ; a free commu nity must have its volunteers. The very coarse of events, political and ecclesiastical, tends to this— that behind the regular force there must be a people in arms. Must this bo by con straint? Can it hot bo willingly, at least in the army of Christ Himself? Of one thing,! am sure, that we shall never advance, perhaps hnrcllv bold our own, against the growing force? of antagonism, unless all our churchmen, and especially those who fill high places in the world, who have the privilege and vesponsi- bilitv of large influence and education, come forward in our parishes, our societies, our svrocIs, to offer to God the sacrifice of time oud thought aud trouble. With some, thank God. thi? is so. My experience here, as com pare! even with experience at Ifome, increases tfverv day icy deep respect for them, my sense of the iQraiuahle service Which they render to the church and the cheering helpVluch they give to iu ministere. But is it so to the right extent among us ? Is it even increasingly so as the work grows upofius.aud its issues deepen in Importance? Do not think this the !hn- puage oi complaint. I have neither right por wish to complain. I have had much help acd sympathy here. Evtfh were it not so, i' must be for those who are called to the ministry a ditty and a happiuess to spend aud be speat iu a service in which they ire never abut. But I feel bound to tell you in all sober earnestness what, a? it seems to me, the call of God requires of ali Christians, and what tbe free constitution of the church de mand? o: Euglioh Churchmen. A WiUdF'S J'OWER AND INFLUENCE. On one hit consequence of our constitutional | 3vstem I hesitate to touch lest it should personal. But I speak for my office, not for nivself. Tito head of. a constitutional system ha? little legal power, but may have immense influence oa one condition— the condition ot a iovalty 'of confidence and. support. Where can wc see a nobler .aud a more Signal instance of this this in our own beloved Queen ? Com pared with many of her predecessors in old day? her legal power is greatly diminished, hut what sovereign ever reigned with a more effec tive sway over the hearts of the people ? Your bljhop is something of a constitutional head. ills itj'h I'uiivi m ouian tiuu, x. auvum iuiui., curtailed irom what it once w5s. You know that he cacnot remove an unfit clergyman; he cannot enforce right duty -on a defaulting parish or even a ncglectfuUtrustee. The jnhver lies not with htm but with the Andd to creato a new parish. To all the chief pafochial charges he 'u unable to present or even, as in some dioceses, to give to the board of nominators the help of bis presidency aud advice : and I may "-dd that in the parishes to which he i? called Qpon to present, there is a frequent (Mire to relieve him from the re sponsibility under form of petition. Often, iheteiorc, cannot enlist men who offer them selves to him for the diocese, even if he knows and trusts thchi tind ia sure that they would do good ferrice. Now of this, once more, I do not desire to cdinplaiu. Whether it Is good for the church or not, thi? is ndt the place to inquire. So long as a bishop's properly spiritual ffiuc- tioas are hi? own before God, he may well be content to exchange power for influence else where. Bat the condition of things makes it more essential that die should received—what, uule?? it be his own fault, I donlR not that he always will receive— tbe support of a cordial "loyalty ahd even (I 'roust ,not shrink ffttn adding it) of a right measure of respect acd deference, if he is to discharge his duty to any purpose. An absolute ruler mify stand in cold solidity of strength, though he be isolated ia the loneliness which is natural tmhis position. Bat this caunot be in one who h&3 to dir?dt the progress of a free community. No doubt personal qualities will have their effect — and in this lies the heavy responsibility- of leadership in a sacred cause. But there Vrns something of a true ring in the loyalty which declared that it would fifeht for the crown, ff it ban? on a bush." In the church, still more than 'in the Stihe, it is the ea'cred office, not ita imperfect holder, which has a right to command reverence. But, again, one thing is certain—1 that if (which God fotbid) afoishop here ever Joscs the confi dence and loyalty of his fellow-churcbmeb, he cannot hold his place with any advantage to the church. Only by these— given fully and generously, even La spite of inevitable errors and diifercoces of opinion— can he do the work, for God to which he has been called. CONCLUSION. Pardon ms that I have perforce made thi? dc- pjand on your time aud attention. Even now I roust add one word in conclusion. Tbe year ISdd is the centenary "year Cf our church as well as of the colony. As you will see hereafter, it ba9 been pressed on mc'to attempt the formation of a great centenary fund for church work, and on this matter the approval of the synod will be .asked. It is » thing, which, I believe, we can do; it ia a tiling iu wbich, if we begin it, we must not faff. But thcro is a nobler offer ing still which, looking on to that celebration, we can make : it is to put away all hindrances, all divisions, by mutual forbearance, by r. hearty loyalty tol our church, by a higher unitv'in the love of our common Master, so to roake peace— the peace not of deadness to principle and zeal but of a deep sense of brother hood in the communion of Saints and in the enthusiasm common work and common puiver in the grSat battlo for Go>i. .and Truth. Earnestly do I long and pray for approach fo an "even Larger unity among tboje who call themselves Christians. May common religious celebration of the coming centenary draw tbeiu close together, and may the praver of oar general synod to the great «9flfereacs of our own comiauuion at Lambeth | in th:? respect be nd; in vhiul But if we ara to help vn the slightest, degrte la this greater work. We must Lave alrladv. bv God's blessing, | conquered tn the lesser. Let ui join in this, out > synod and m our church at large, not is .mere i 1:1 :l intensity of prayer, that God way keep a? ;u the unitr of the Spirit and tbe bond of jeace." During it? delivery the address was fr quo.v.ly applauded. UWERS. I The President laid upon the .table a letter trom .Mr. Kenr.vtii r?:iurt, acknowledging ou . tie part or Lady Stuart tho resolution passed I ay :-,e . rAsv, S-1 wnh reference tc Sir j .alnxituuer . tiurt; cctvrainations of the i geuerru ; copy of a letter from the Arch- , bishop of Canterbury ia reference to colonial ' c.ergy otuciating in Enplaud. j ... UU.TtTI >N. I Pf1'/'.011 :n ,!0 selection of a , KjirerenUSive o. is:. Ueorgej, Kogarab, was i ri'ie.\r. j 'J c'-0jnnt:ee oi elegflona and I qu;Mi:n;a:i033. j COHMIivUIY. Tho Preskien: rnreoiincei that he had ap. | P01"'-'''' Archdeacon King as commissary, j j.cai.r.w:\ and chairman or committees. The R'-'V. A. G. .Stoddart was elected secre tary. and cir J. U. L. iiiues chairman of ,com mi'.itv:.?. ' i u:kgy. widows' and onritANs fund. The U jr. Canon KemmU Laid upon the labia a statement oi receipts nud expenditure of tba Clergy. Widows' and Orphans' Fund. He ex- plained that the receipt? since tba formation of the fund had been £17, -Mi lo?. Sd; on tixfed d- posit and interest was £14,23 S lie. 7d. ; pensioners received since the formation of tho lund £272fl 2s. ldM and j'tmsimers for the past rvar £;!0s 7s. The income received for the past year was a? follows Clergy, £207 10s.: parishes, £2ff0 t's. ; parishes irrespective or clergy, £7>G KG. 4d.; .nbscviptions, £38 lVs. 3d.; interest, £707 lUs. Total, £1283 13s, 2d. The statement was received and ordered to bo printed. CnURCH BUILDIN03 LOAN FUND. In laving tbe church buildings loan fond on the table, Mr. T. A. Dibbs stated that lince tho commencement of the fund £18,572 15s. 7d. had been lent to churches and parsonages. REPORT, «kC. A number of report, 'returns and accounts were laid upon the table and ordered to b'o printed. ITR8T READINGS. The following ordiu:uice6 aud rules wera read n first time and ordered to be printed Pre sentation amendment ordinance, 1877, ordinance accepting aud adopting determination of general synod with reference to amended rules for con« stitution of a board of missions'; ordinance ac« cepting and adopting determination ot' gener synod with regard to election of Metropolitans; Vales for filling .vacancies iu synod ; rule td extend the objects of the Church Society ; rula to enable the general committee of the Church. Srfciety to amend the objects and rules of parochial or district associations ; ordinance authoriring .=ale of lands in Henry-street, Pen-1 nth, aud Golden Grove, Darlington : ordinance authorising lease o( laud in Regent-street. Sydney ; ordinance to increase the number ol 'laymen in the chapter of St. Andrew's Cathe« drai. ELECTION OK TRUSTEES, i'C. Clerical aud lay trustees of various funds were appointed. new parishes. The asseut of the synod was given to tbe formation of tbe new parishes of St. Augustine, Neutral Bay : and St. Mary's, South Creek, endowment ok palus&fs.; Rov. J. D. Langley moved,— ' That all moneys received by the Charch Society for the endowment of parishes shall, with the couseut of the legally- , constituted trustees, forthwith be placed in tho hand? ot tho Church of Englund' Property Trust, Diocese of Sydney, fflr invest ment. That the interest arising from such in vestment shall i>o paid to the Church Society by the trustees and shall be expended by thr societyas the donors may have directed." Agreed to. kltee sittings. Rev. II. L. Jaukhon moved— " That, in the opinion of this synod, a strong! effort should be made throughout the diocese to abolish the practice of letting pews nnd sittings, and to establish the principle that every seat in the House of God iu every parish should be free and open to all." Rev. .T. Clarke seconded the motion. The debat'o was adjourned until the following day. the church act. The debate on a motion by the Rev. Canon King with regard to the reference to the pro vincial synod 'it its next session of the ques tion of amending the Church Act was ad journed until t'o-day. At five minutes past 10 ths synod adjourned until 4 o'clock on the following afternoon. 