D7?. BEVAN'S ADDRESS TO BUSINESS MEN. Tlio usual midday service for business men was held nt'th'o Congregational Church, Col lins street ,oir Thursday, last. Dr. Bcvnn "preached" from, Psalm xxiii, I.—1 "The Lord is my shepherd. 1 shall not want. jiu rnakcth mo to lie down in green pastures. Ho lcadcth mo beside tho still waters." . The Rev gentleman raid For tie1 porepp- ' tionoftliespiritunl beauty ami the appropriation of thu rehgiouH inlhumoo of tho psalm, it is not necessary that \vu should dutermluo its author and the oirouinslancoH of its composing. Ib is called by tho titlo a Psalm of David, but wo know tliac theso titles arc nob part of tlio original structure of tho noem, and are only conjectures, added probably by compilers and editors of tho various books which mako up thu entiro psalter. It Ih interesting, however, tq think of thu authorship as that of Israel's shepherd king— perhaps composed in tho early days of his life, when ho kept his father's flocks upon the hills of Bethlehem. Unstained then by the violence and passions of his after career, fresh ami blooming in tho beauty of his youth, wo mny well imagine to ourselves the figure of the lad, Hlho and graceful, with face upturned towards Heaven, aud tho light of his young faith illumining his countenance with a radiance brighter oven than that which was shod around by a Syrian sun. lie Btrikoa his riintio harp. Whilo tho flocks nro browsing peacefully nroumta ho _ meditates his holy verse, and leaves this lyric for ovcry succeed ing age, tho lesson of childhood, tho solneo ot the old, a song that surely, sometimes, will bo sung even in the heavenly places. Or it may ho refer red to some period of bt« royal life, when tho conflicts und a antagonisms wliicli marked tho curly years of ruign woro over, when tho treason and rebellion of his family had been put down, nnd when over a united and happy people ho reigned as tho chopcu of Jehovah, and thu loved of the nation. Then, in thu leisure and calm of Ids declining years, the old Psalmist onco again take? up tho sweet companion of his voice, nnd attunes tho song of peaceful gladness, quiet trust, and rest in God. It has been well culled tho Song of Christ's Fleck, for tho believer lakes tlui words and makes them altogether hi? own. They aro as rich and true as when first they were chanted, and when wo sing or ray them with the mem ory of Hun who called Himself tho Good Shepherd, aud all thu blessed relationship into which He has entered with our souls, then, indeed, do they bear up upon their hwucUicsh tho fullest experiences of Christian life, ami help us to forecast even tlio.su leadings which we are told shall lie ours in the heavenly fluids, ami 'by tho side of tho streams of tho river of God. Wu surely can follow no better order than thu words themselves suggest. Tin: Summit n, Tub Suiti.v, Thk Rest, Tun Jouuskyjnu. 1\. Tho Shepherd, — " Tho Lord is my Shep herd.' J need hardly remind you of tho frequent reference iu Scripture to the relation between God nnd tho believer under this figure. Ill thu 80th 1 Nairn wo havo tho prayer : "Givo ear, O Shepherd of Israel. Thou that lcadest Joseph like a flock, Thou thnfe dwullcst between the ehmibims shine forth." "He Bhull feed His ilock like a shepherd," chants the Prophet, "He shall gather tho lambs unto His arms, and carry them in His bosom, and shall gently lend thoso that aro with young." K/.olriel often uses tho figure, notably in these lino words : "To them saith the Lord God, behold I, even I, will both search my sheep and seek them out. As a shepherd scckcth out his flock un tho day that ho is among his sheep that aro scattered, so will I seek out iny sheep, and will deliver them out of nil places where they have been scattered in tho cloudy and dark clay. And I will bring them out from tho peoplo and gather ihetn from the countrien, and will bring them to their own land, and feed them u|to» the mountains uf Israel, by die rivers, and in all the iuhabitcd places of thu country. 1 will feud ilium in n good pasture aud upon thu high mountains of Israel shall their fold he; thoro shall they he in a good fold, and in a fat itjumiro shall they feed upon tho mimnf.iin.s of srael. I will feud my flock, and I will cause thum to hu driven, saith the Lord G id." But why need I multiply passages? Tlio whole of the Seriptuvo is lull of the idea, and thu Now Testament echoes thu Old, nob only in tho words ot Jesus Himso.f, bub also in tho apostolic writings when tliuy speak of the Lord Jesus, that Great Shepherd of tho sheep, or the rutflru of Ai>ostatu man to Him who is thu Shepherd and Bishop of our souls. It in a favorite figure, beautiful ami touching. That it should be so was natural from Iho habitB of tho lMKiple, niul especially their his tory. They were originally a pastoral race. Tho Patriarchs weru shepherds, Tho story of their lives is thu story of the wanderings of n lumitul tribe, whoso wealth nnd whoso occupa tion consisted chiefly iu their flocks. The, journey of tho Israelites m thn wilderness only deepened thu pastoral feelings of tho race, themselves now becoming thu llock whom thu Divinn Shepherd led, whilu all tho character, folic of thu land of Canaan lent themselves to the imagery of this Psalm and tho spirit of its conception. And how is tho Lord a shepherd, may wo not iuquiro? It is tho shepherd's business first to guard the sheep— an animal that needs watching, gentle ami mild, and easily dealt with, yet helplcs if nUmo, easily seized by enemies, easily frighted to straying, without defeneo for itself, with little wisdom of instinct to fiud its own shelter, protection and food. And so tho need of the (shepherd is manifestly pressing and constant. And so must thu shepherd feed the sheep. It wa» a country of diversified Boil. Here the rock, and there tho thin grass; much of it sterile aud bare and severe. Unless the flocks uro nun wuiuuuu uuu wuuuu uiey wouiti easily perish. hi the East, too, thoKhephcrd always leads the sheep. There is no driving of tho flock. A >ccuhnrly personal relation seems to bo, formed between the shepherd and tho sheep. They know him nnd ho knows them. Each individual in recognised nnd called. Tho voice of tho shepherd is familiar and dear, und by this tho flock is led from pasture to pasturo into place of safety and in the green oases and by tho side of tho still water?. Aud besides all this the enemies of the sheep nro many and cruel. Hordes -of violent men prowl to rob nnd to destroy. Beasts of prey abound, 'and from them, - no less than the human foe, must the shepherd protect his sheep. Thus "thu Lord is my Shepherd. Ho mukcth mo to lio down in green pastures. Hq lendeth mo beside tlio still waters. " First then, Jiu guards Hi people. Tho. Christian, liko thu sheep, is-a jioor creature, it left to himself. Tho religious lUo will not prosper by ' anything found in man. It does not go on by mere natural law, by tho meru orderly cqusequenco of cau30 and effect, n sort of clockwork that is wound up and then run oti by inacluuicnl devices. Religion must bo divinely fostered, .ns it is divinely born. Every moment tho kouI must be watched and helped. All alpng our way from earth: to Heaven God must guard and keep and tend His people. Aud what supply, what ndcquatn prepara tion Ho lias mado fur this perpetual, this ceasolesa euro ? Tho ordinances of His word, His house, His Sabbath, theso uro part of the' constant shepherding of tho faithful. All tlio tuimHtric.s of Providence and Gospel teaching teud in the ramo way. And abovo nil lie' has poured upon J lis church tho royal gift of tho lloly Ghost, who is to be tlio constant and tlio unceasing, strength and upholding of ' tlio believer, , By ' His spirit Christ perpetually keeps tho 'sheep of Ilis flock. Ho is their ex-, tcrnal and internal defence. . Ho drives away . tho unseen foes, tho spirits of evil, who prowl about ever ready to break in and destroy. Ho protects from, tho greedy and remorseless robber, who would spoil the flock. . Aro. you over tempted to lose heartnnd fear, my friouds, because tho placo is a wilderness, and tho way seems ucset witii terrors and with dangers 7 Havo no fear, for tho Lord is your .Shepherd. Roundabout you aro. tho defences of.tha Mighty God. His eye never closes, His arm never grows weak, and Ho who. is your shop- licrdiwill guard and keep you to tlio end. .. . But tho Lord not only guards His flock, no also supplies thoir need, "I shall not want," says tho Psalmist, and our soul responds as wo remember tho feeding of tbo Lord., "This is my bodv," said tuo Good Shepherd, who gave His'lifo'for.tho Rheep,nnd, ; miracle aud woudor of loving love, wo . roverao tho ordor of nature, for- tho sheep livo. upon tho Shepherd, and tlio Shepherd is food for the sheep. , '(lib that eatothMy flesh, shall, »invi»r ImntTAp'" It in iiivm'tlint. Imnvoiilv fiuul tlmtjWo caii'cver feed. What aro tho wants ? / Pardon, Then behold it is freoty oflcred by the blood of Jesus Christ; Peace for tho troubled con science? It is Christ who gives it, leaving His owu peace to His troubled and disturbed people,' Does tlio soul need rest, rest from itself, and . rest from its distresses ? " Como unco me," speaks tho Good Shepherd's voice, "and I, will givo you rest". Aro wo fearful.and need the comforts of tho promises; "Io ! I am with you alway, even unto tlio end. My grace r|ia11 bo sufficient for thee. I am thosamo yesterdny and to-day and for over Jesus Christ, who saves unto the uttermost, and will even accept and keep the castaway. Theso are tho precious herbage of tho Word. Theso aro the rich provender of God, mid it is these that the Shophoul gives us that we may not want. f Why seek to ratiriy yourselves wim iiiu oreaci mat perisncs? Why even content yourselves with tho husks of tho woid? Why perish of hunger uj>on tlio barren wages of worldliuess, a formality of mere creed religion, of moro external confor mity t') tho servico of God, whilo tho Good Shepherd is waiting to feed you with tho very food of Heaven. Thu Shepherd guards and feeds tho sheep. Ho gives them rest. "Jlo mnketli me to lio down m green pastures." It is not merely that there is tho place of food, but there also is the roft, thick grass upon which tho flock may rest. Tho evangelist Mark adds a very significant remark wlieu relating tlio miraclu of focditig tho multitudes. Ho tells uh that the Lord commanded tho disciples to bid tho people sit down, und then ho says thoro. was much gnu's in the place. Docs it not raem to iudicalo that tho Master was careful to con sult even the physical caro and well-being of tho people, The little circumstance of tho fitting character of the place ho chose did not appear too trivial for tho divine charactor to notu. And what is this but a beautiful, although unintentional, commentary upon tho Good bhepherd's caro in making tlio itock to lio down in green pastures? Does lio not, indeed, bring His i>coplo to thoso pleasant places of rest ? Beneath tho shelter of His door is ono such restiug place, and thero tho long search - for i >nrdon and for a Batfoliud conscience is nought to an ciuj. There wo lio down aud roposo m tho forgivonness and thu grnco oL God. Tho Mercy Seat in another placo wheru tho Hook can vest. It in sprinkled with Ihot precious blood of tho Divino Sacrifice. ; Tho choritbhns bond thoir wings over it, and behind it nngoln hover to miqister to man. Abovo . it shinus tho Sjiuchiimh,, It is . tho I'aco of God turned in pity nnd compassion with tho smilo of favor und tlio expression of welcome. Thoro wo rent nnd find our cares niul sorrow cease, lio . leads us to the mountain of His transfiguration, and wo boliold our Saviour, our friend, our brother, change into tlio form and glory of thu Sou of God. Wo contemplate, nnd gaze, and womlov, ami in rapturous delight rest iu that placo of light. Or, may be, Hu lead? us to such resting places as may bo found upon Uio loivor levels of„ our earthly life.- Which, amongst them nil, is a moro blessed hcouo of sweet rupnso than tho season and tho labia of communion. ,Oncu again Ho numbers Ilia sheep mid calls them Kick by mime, aud wo know with a new assurance that wu aro tlio accepted in tho beloved. Jlo takes the blessed symbols, mid faith lends her nid to right, nnd wo gnzo again upon thn broken body and tlio spilled blood. In that very agony of sorrow wo find our joy, for wo know it was all for us, wmilton that wo might ho free, bruised that wo might bo healed, dying that wo might live, and then nt Inst accepted mid victorious that wo might bo accepted and triumphant too. O. blessed rust ing placo of tliu llock of God 1 May ib bo to us nt this timo thu very rovelaiinu of the Sliophcrd nnd tho stowing to each ami all our blcracd Lord. And theso places whithor tho shcop go nro not only green pastures, but also they lie hard by tliohtill waters. 3 tnmttundittlo whether, with some, wo understand by still waters thestrennm which go gently in contrast with tho rushing torrents that leap adown tho shaggy rocks unmi the mountain side, or tho waters of refresh ment, pools that tho shepherd knows, round ah mt which tho pasture is rich and soft, ami whoro the llock may slake their thirst when thoy como to rest. Tho ramo iden lies through all of gentleness and quiet satisfaction and con tent. Ami does tho flock of Christ know nothing of these still waters ? Tim Jjnko of Galilee, whereon when storms arc nfciH tho Master teaches from a fishing boat tho matters of in struction whero wo learn tho lessons from tlio Word and Life. Tlio overflowing reaches of tlio Jordan, whero m tho liolv flood wo nro bap tised unto a blessed servico of consecration iu the ministry of tho Lord, accepted by Him, notwithstanding our poor power, our small worth, nnd reckoned ns If is tenants enrolled in His cause. Siioam, nuft, and shady rill— thu stream tlmt Hows hard by tho city of God. Do wo never find ourselves besido that water, and tluiro with eyes washed wo hcc. Wo see man as wu novor saw him before— man for whom Christ died, man our brother, man for whom wu, too. might givo our livqf. Wo sou ourselves, aud whilst wu behold our deformity, our worthlcssness, wo seo also the gracious work that Ch-ist has wrought, tho acceptance of our unwnrthiness iu 'Him who is all worth. Wo look up ami seo God, God iu Christ, our reconciled Father, our gracious Saviour, our friend, our refuge, our eternal portion and everlasting home. Or is it. hard by Ik'thesda'a waters tlmt wo rest. Mysterious water of healing— our weakness, our s-nul- mcknesH, our dccrupitudu am) halt mid withered state are all removed iu that utruani. and wo aro strong and young, and swift ami full of hopo and life, nnd labor for the Lord, Who was Iho angel that came and troubled tlm water, not for mo only, but for all who plmico into tlio depth and feel tho power of llis blessed woid? What aro yon, my hearers? Theso sheep who lio in Iho pleasant pasture and rujoieo by thu side uf theso still waters. And observe in all this relation of thn Shepherd, and tho sheen that tlio Shunherd leads tho shcop. Wo have nlreadj- mentioned this- Let us now consider what it implies. "Itogooth before His sheep," saith the Lord Himself, as if ho would havo His peoplo ponder litis thought nnd loam all its meaning. Whatever way the sheep of tho HcavenVv Shepherd havo to travel will first bo travullctl by tho Lord Himself. Is that no strength, no encouragement, t:« added inspiration ? Every path of life to us is unknown ; but it is nob unknown to Christ. Hu goes bofuro aud leads us oil. Is itstnneynnd precipitous? He will go slowly and givo us timo to follow. Aro there enemies to bu met ? Ho will meet thum aud conquer thorn and drive them away. Aro there floods to ho crossed? Jlo will go forth nnd show the stop ping stone. Are thero dark and sombre forests whoro there is no light of sun or stars or pale moouhram straggling faintly through V Christ Himself will bo tlio light, and na we behold tho form of streaming glory pre cede up, wo can follow aud never loae our way. Yes, Ho coos before along tho path of duty, and duty becomes delight, ami service changes into song. Yes, Ho goes before along thu way. of sorrow, nnd when wu know that iln 1ms borne it first and endured it alt, sorrow will be Rucml delight, and pnm will have tho attendant of patience, ami misery its ministry of joy. Yea i He goes before, and even down into tbo darkness of death He precedes us. Ho ' has preceded up, and to- tho faithful' of His flock death can have no dismay, for already it lias been overcome, and all its sliflrpnessbrokcn, and all its bitterness destroyed ; for when Christ ijassed tliroueli it, Hu changed it for all who will Hollow Him, . into tlio portal of eternal life. Ho gnu th before ! O ! llock of Jesus, follow close, nnd follow bravely, for it is thu Son of God who lead you, aud Ho leads you unto God Himself. Ono other thought will close nnr medita tion Thu Lord in my Shepherd sings the Psalmist. Whence comes thia personality the property of tho sheep ? .Someone hns well said tlmt tho lonely life of the sliephetd tends to identify him peculiarly with tho sheep. A deep union of attachment nnd tenderness springs up between tho pastor -and .tho flock. Thus the Lord telfo .us that Ho -known His - sheep niffi is known of Ilis. Their solitary walks, their all-day wanderings, and thuir all- night lyings upou the hills, tho senses of both shepherd and sheep nil intent to catch tlia sound of tiio coming fop, and both responsive ono to tho other nt the faintest sign perceived by cither one, tho stun, thu geatiiro.tlm tone of voice all learned and become familiar, significant iu a moment. Tito lead ing Shepherd, tho following Hlteep. Thuir trusting iuqilicitly, blindly ih thuir Guide, and Ho braving every danger, facing every risk for thum, sharing the rocky steep, tho suit down,, thu green liaslmu, tho still water with His flock. All these circumstances bring tho Shephord and tlio sheep very near to each other. And though tlio ono bo hitman and tho other only a sheep, thero is a bond of 'almost friendship and kinduhip, which . is formed between them. My sheep! My Shepherd 1 How natural ! how tender ' And thou tho bold imagory of tho Psalm allows uh to us to' say, the Lord is my Shepherd. Does not a deep attachment, a clcra sympathy spring up between thu believer and his Lord ? Must is not bo so ? Does the Shepherd step down from the heights of his olovatiou to tho levclof thu sheemandlid not tho blessed Lord como down iff llis pity and grnco nnd caro aud service for us until wo ami Ho are brought into a closer union of sympathy and affection? Or rather does not the shepherd in soino sort raise his sheep -to bo companions nnd friends ; and ;hns it not been so that Christ lifts uh ' when Ho makes u Hi own, and gives to ua tlio dignity of union and fellowship with lXiinseH ? My Shepherd, for Ho (lied for mo. My Shepherd, 'for lie enmo to earth and shared tuy nature, and . endured tho penalty of my guilt. My Shepherd, for Ho leads mo ever, and at last will bring nm safu and bloKscd to tbo exceeding, joy and highJelicity of His own eternal lifo with His God, iny God, His Father, my Father. 