ODDFELLOWS AND FORESTERS PICNIC. The friendly societies of Gladstone have been accustomed to hold a picnic and sports meetiug annually at easter. Last easter however, the picnic was not held, so the societies arranged to hold it on 28th. December. To make the picnic as attractive as possible both foot and horseracing was introduced, and a mixed pro gramme was provided. Athletic sports do not seem to attract much attention at Gladstone, and in consequence of insufficient entries the Handicap of £11 had to be omitted. More ; interest was taken in the horseraces. There were fair fields for most of the events and some good races took place. Arrangements were made with the Traffic Superintendent for trains to stop at the crossing opposite the ground, aud several pessons. availed themselves of this means of transit. The members of the Oddfellows and Foresters Lodges hea led by the Military Band marched in full regalia to the train from the Institute at 9. 30 p.m. The day was very hot aud this coupled with the fact of the farmers being so busy militated against the attendance, but there was a good master on the ground during the afternoon. About 400 persons were present which must be considered very satisfactory. An unpleasant incidsnt occurred after the last race , (half- mile-heats) Mr Oke's mare "Midnight" beihg in too high condition for running and being pushed too hard iu the last heat was taken ill and lay down after comiug in. The mare appeared to be done for, and the usual crowd collected all being profuse in their advice as to the treatment of the animal. Strong comments were made on the brntal conduct of the jockey, Cowell, who persisted iu flogging the poor beast after it was apparent that she was blown, and had not the ghost of a ch luce of winning. The military band under the leadership of Pro fessor Geyer, band-master gave various selec tions during the day which helped very much to enliven the proceedings. The members of the committee were busy on the ground arranging, matters, and there was no hitch to mar the proceedings. Messrs. O'Loghlin and Higgins acted as secretaries. Messrs Creber and Allen as Judge's ; Mr G. Fathow, Starter ; Mr T. F. Jones as Clerk of Course ; Mr P. Murrie, Junr., as Haudicapper ; Mr Adderley attended . to the tilting. Mr \V. Muller hail a booth on the ground, and as it was a dry day he was well patronized. Special mention should be made of Mr T. F. Jones' exertions, both in collecting and arranging matters. To his energy and industry the success of the picnic is in a great measure due. The following are the events and prizetakers : — Maidens, 100 yards — First 10s cash and pair E.S. boot3 value 12s 6 J, presented by S. Altschuler ; W. Boweu, first ; S. Cobb, second. Six started. Juvenile Race, 100 yards, for members of Juvenile Lodges auy Friendly Society ; A. Chandler, (Laura,) first 7s 6.1; O. Livesey, second 33 6d. Eight started. Hack Race, 1 mile— First £4 ; second £1. Catch weights. Mr M. Higgins "Sting" 1. Mr D. Eldridge's "Frieudless" 2 Mr Crosby's " Stella " 3 Won easily. Six starred. Members' Race, (handicap), open to members of any frieudjy society — First 21s, H. McDonald (Ualtowie) ; second, Fat Sheep, W. Bowen. Eight started. ' \- Hurdles 1£ miles, over 6 jumps, 10 stone up. First £4 ; second I 1. Mr J. Atkins' "Sylvia" I Mr T. F. Jones' " Dick " 2 Mr H. Sampson's ' Larry " 3 Two others started. "Sylvia" led from the post and won easily. Quarter-mile Footrace — Fii-3t £3 3s, R. Bush; second, II. McDonald 20s; third T. Sexton 10s 6d. Bush who had 9 yards start won. easily-. Obstacle Race — First 10s cash and prize value 15s, (presented by A. G. Catt,) H. McDonald; second 7s 61, T. Sexton. Five started. Novel Hurdle Race % mile — First £3 ; second 20s. F. Jones' " Dick," 1 H. Sampson's " Andy'' 2 F. Jones' " Stella" 3 The competitors had, to saddle up after the pistol was fired, ride over hurdle, unsaddle, re- saddle again, remount over next jump, pick up a parcel and ride. home. Handicap Hurdles, 220 yards — 1st 40s, and hal f- dozen wine, presented by Mr B. J. fCuigh.t. 2nd, Box Cigars, presented by Mr W. Muller. K. Robinson, 15 yards L H. McDonald, 8 yards, 2. T, Sexton, scratch & Five started. Half-mile heats horse, race — 1st £3 ; 2nd £1 . D. Eldridge's " Friendless" 1 Oke Bro's. " Midnight" 2 Higgins' "Melody" 3 When the flag fell " Midnight" and "Melody" went away but "Friendless" did not startand had subsequently to canter round to qualify for the second heat which he won easily. The third heat resolved itself into a match between " Friendless" aud " Midnight," but the latter was completely done being too fat for racing condition and nearly expired on comiug in. Consolation Race, 150 yards — 20s, G. A. Kearney won easily, Kyloh second, Wilson third. MILITARY CONCERT. Advantage was taken by the Gladstone Com pany V.F. of the holiday and picnic on the 28th to hold an entertainment in the evening in aid of the Band fuud. His Worship the Mayor presided aud there was a good attendance— the hall being comfortably tilled. A long programme was gone through in good style. The Military Band under the leadership of the bandmaster Mr J. C. Geyer, gave three selections all of which were well rendered and received. The Gladstone Quartette consisting of Mr A. Clark violin, J. C. Geyer cornet, H. Clark piano, and T. F. Jeffery piccolo also gave two pieces in their usual finished style. The vocalists were Mrs and Miss Livesey, Mrs K. Sampson, Miss Stewart, Miss Ada Marriott, Messrs Livesey, Sims, Clark and F.-C. Smith. The comic, songs of the latter gentleman were given in pro fessional style and were vociferously encored. He also sang a sentimental piece with much feeling. Mr Sims acquitted hiinsell very well in his two sougs. Miss Stewart received an encore for her rendition of " We'd Better Bide awee." Miss Ada Marriott was fairly success ful in her singing aud also received an encore. Mis and Miss Livesey sang in a most pleasing manner the piece entrusted to them ; both ladies have capital voices and sing with good effect. Iu our opinion the besji piece of the evening was the duet " Gathering Flowers" by Mrs R. Sampson and Miss Livesey, each lady sang her part very nicely and the voices blended most harmoniously. Mr Maley contributed a humorous recitation iu fair style. In two of the pieces given by the Baud a good, effect was produced by some of the members siuging while the others played. Considering the short practice the Military Banil have had thpy have really made wonderful progress. Might we give a hint to some of our vocalists, particularly the ladies. If they would come more to, the front of the stage and address themselves to the audience instead of to the piano or their music their sing-, iiig would be much moreeffective and they would do themselves more justice. During the inter val the Chairman, Mr Kuight distributed the prizes won at the picnic sports. 