Cliihlvru's (Column. SAVED BY THEIE FRECKLES. My sister Kate and I were very nearly of an age, bnt we were not alike in any way except that we were both tall, and both bad freckles ! These troubled as, and many were the experiments we tried to remove from our faces the objectionable effects of the open-air life we led. To one of these experiments wo owed & great deal— perhaps life itself. ' Father was a fanner, and we lived nine miles from the county town. Of coarse we saw little company, and should have been somewhat lonely but for our books and pets among the horses, calves, and poultry. Mother was a systematic and careful house* beeper, and so engrossed in her kitchen and dairy duties that she seldom made calls on her neighbours, and never went to town unless she was obliged to do so. She was, therefore, a little annoyed when father ssid at breakfast on- morning that she Nevertheless, she got ready after a little demur, and took her seat in the dog-cart an hour later, with an air of resignation that made us all smile. ' We shall be home by sir o'clock, girls,' she said, ' and you can have rapper all ready. Don't set the boose on fire, and be sore to skim the right milk.' We had the beds to make, the breakfast dishes to wash, and the whole house to put in order ; bo we were as busy as bees until twelve o'clock, and had no time to think of being lonely. Bat we found tbe afternoon quite long, and I was beginning to feel that it would be pleasant to sse mother's face again when a newspaper caugkt my eye that I had placed behind the cluck on tbe kitchen 'lBpiyl. This turned my thoughts into a different channel. '* Kate,' I said, ' suppose we make some of that complexion compound we read about the other day ? We ehall never get a better opportunity. Mother may not be away again for weeks.' ?' By all means,' said Kate. ' When I looked in the glass this morning, it seemed to me that my freckles were thicker than __'My face is the colour of the gravel path, anrr*i«*B«f *«te tojook at it. If there is ? remedy, I would gx veSn raj- pocketmoney to obtain it. Let's look over the pres*cripUun In the paper. Here it is :— ' * Ladies who are troubled with freckles will be glad to learn that a few applications of a mixture of glycerine, cascarilla powder, tar, lemon juice, and olive oil wBl effectually remove them, and leave the skin soft, smooth, and tinted like an infant's.' ' ' Vm willing to try it,' said Kate. 'Bnt we haven't tbe ingredients !' ' Yes, we have,' I answered ; for, on known to her, I had one day during the prcrious week, when father had taken me to town, obtained them* from, the druggist and the grocer. We were soon at the kitchen stove dili gently mixing and stirring the decoction, and it was a Borry -looking mess when at last we took it from the store. We had, however, faith in its efficacy, and with great satisfaction we poured it into a large bottle which we hid behind the wardrobe in our room to await use at bed-time. While we were getting eupper we were startled by a terrific peal of thunder, the fore runner of one of the most violent storms that ever raged in oar district. For two hours the rain poured in sheets, flooding the yard from the house to the stable, and turning the little brook by the barn into a roaring river. The dock struck nine. ' Don't yon think we had better go to bed ?' said Kate, folding up her apron. ** I do not think there is any use in our sitting up.*1 ' Mother will be dreadfully worried about us,' I said, as we went upstairs. 'There's nothing to be afraid of,' said Kate. ' I should not be frightened if they stayed away all night.' With much laughter we got ont our big bottle of ' complexion varnish,' as Kate called it. Taking a piece of rag, we gave to our faces a thick coating, which resembled nothing else I bad ever seen before or have '? I suppose we shall have to sit up to let it dry in,' I said, as I contemplated myself in the glass. ?* It won't do for ua to ruin the pillow-cases. ' ' I'm too tired to sit up,' taid Kate. '* Why .can't we make cloth masks ? Where's that old pique cloth you were cnttuic ud yesterday P P I produced it from the lower ehe'f of tbe wasnstand, and the masks were soon made. They were simply long pieces of white cloth reaching from the tops of oar foreheads to tbe collars of our night-dresses, with wmall holes for the eyes and nostrils. We attached strings to them, and tied them on. ' We look just like ghosts,' said Kate, just before she blew ont tbe light and jumped into bed. We both, booh fell asleep. It must have been near midnight when I was awakened by a noise in the dining-room, which was directly below the one we occupied. It souoded as if someone was moving abont stealthily — or something, rather, for I decided at once that it was the dog. I waked Kate by giving her a vigorous punch in the back. ' Rate,' I said, ' we most have shut old Tiger np in the dining-room. Very likely he hid in the cupboard when the storm came on, and fell asleep there. We most go down and let him ont.' ' Haven't father and mother come ?' asked Kate, sleepily. 'I think not,' Ianswered; 'I haven't heard them.' We did not stop to put on our shoes or light a candle, but stole down, just ae we woe, and entered the sitting-room, which communicated with the dining-room by a folding door. Advancing to this door, we pushed it open, expecting to be greeted by Tige's familiar whine. What was oar surprise and horror to Bee the back of one man in the cupboard directly opposite us, and another busily engaged by the light of a lantern in preparing to take tbe silver and linen from the' dining-t&ble;, in what seemed to be a stout canvas bag. Paralysed with fear, we stood m the door way, not able to speak or stir, scarcely to breathe. Tbe sound made by tbe opening of tbe door, however, caused the nun at the table to look np. For one moment be gazed at as with dropped jaw, and eyes almost starting from their sockets, then, giving a yea which might have been heard halfa-mile off, he let fall the silver be was holding, and witb one bound was ont of the open window. His companion, startled by his outcry, roshed out of the cupboard in alarm. Pen conld not describe his abject terror, as his eyes fell on us, and his yell as he sprung toward the window was even louder than that which had been given by bis com panion. We could hear the sound of their laboured breathing, as they both rushed away in the darkness. For a moment I was at a loss to account for their strange terror ; but a glance at Kate made it clear. In our long white night dresses snd white masks we certainly looked like veritable ghosts. Burglars are naturally nervous, and these men, I am sure, supposed we were un quiet spirits come from the graveyard not far away, to rebuke them for the crime in which they were engaged. We spent the rest of the night in a state of nervous terror, which made us heartily glad when at eight o'clock we heard tbe sound of wheels, and aaw bur parents drive np to the door. Owing to the washing away of a bridge, they had been unable to get home tbe pre vious night, and had accepted the hospitality of a fanner living near W ? , who had pro vided them witb supper and a bed. ' And we were in Buch a hurry to find out if you girls were all right that we came off before breakfast,' said father, ' Did yon miss ns ? Were yon frightened ?' Tube, with shuddering and tears, we told our story, and were alternately kissed and and cried orer by mother, who declared toat never, never would she leave us alone again. \- a^-te.that '...iujil.ri«T. varnish,' one ap plication showed no favourable results, and we never felt like trying it again. 