THE NOVELIST. A SHADOW OF A CRIME TWO NEW YEAR'S DAYS, AND WHAT THERE WAS BETWEEN. by edwin h. trafTon, I. " No, it is hot painful fob me to tell yon tlie story now, It is not fear or nervous ness that makes me start- — I'm long past that — it is simply habit. But to think you've killed a man in cold blood — no matter who or how or why — is enough to shake the nerves of any human being. Day and night the awful fact never leaves you for an instant. It is in your thoughts awake, it is m your dreams asleep- — if you can sleep. Go where you will, do what you will, that one thing is still there, dominating your whole being, paralyzing every effort, swallowing up your past, present and future. The hideous Thing will never leave your side — it cannot be exercised. Behind you, it is a grisly ghost — before you, it is a de vouring demon. I do hot wonder that murderers and homicides go mad and seek in death an end to their tortures. I am only sui'prised that any of them live to be hanged or, more frightful yet, live on and on and on through an eternity of days, and weeks and months, to serve out a life sentence in prison. Then, when it is a friend that is killed though by accident — well, I know of no way to picture the exquisite, agony of it. If I could have put my heart into your body, if I could have exchanged my quiver ing nerves for your steady nerves, if I could have replaced your calm thoughts with my seething thoughts — if I could have photographed my soul, tortured, trembling, so that you could have seen it in its naked agony — then could yon know, could understand by feeling, what I felt. But I'm telling you nothing of what you wished to hear. Pardon me — I'll go at it in a plain, matter-of-fact way, directly. II. When I was a boy on my father's plan tation in Virginia, my chum, my constant companion, my only confidant, was Alar tin Chase, whose father's estate joined ours. There was no day that did not bring us together — to see one of us was to know that the other was not far away. In all our sports — riding, boating, fish ing and hunting — we were inseparable. Later on we studied the same books, in the same classes, at school. Finally, when we were young men, just home from col lege, we both fell in love with the same woman — Kate Kenyon. That caused the first break in our life long intimacy. It is not the first time a woman has come between two men, but our friend ship stood the strain of this test. She treated us so nearly alike, was so even- handed in her favors, that neither could claim the advantage. Of her strong- liking for each — for both — there was no concealment, nor attempt at concealment. But which, if either, she loved as a man would be loved by the only woman in the world to him — that was quite another, and more difficult matter to discover. She was not a coquette. — neither of us could accuse her of that. As time went on the situation grew galling, then unbearable. I told her, in the hot, impetuous man ner of vonth, of my love and asked her to marry me. She hesitated and asked for time before giving me an answer. " That is answer enough for me," I cried, " You love Mrrtin and do not care for me." As I was hastily leaving the room she called me back but I angrily passed out, without heeding her further. A few months later I was surprised to receive a message from Martin Chase to meet him in London. I went. " Kate is married to Jack Waldron," was the first thing he said, as he held out his hand. I grasped it heartily. The old friend ship whs resumed-— rather it went on as though there had been no break, but the name of Kate Kenyon, now Mrs Waldron, was never mentioned between us. After that we did Europe together, till we knew it better than 1 ever expect to know the United States. One clay I received a marked copy of a Richmond paper containing the death notice of Jack Waldron. The paper was some moriths old. I had hepn away from home five years. Kate was now a widow. The old love was not only alive, but stronger than ever. The news I had received made me sus picious of my bosom friend. Did he know it, also? He did not mention it if he did, and I did not tell him. I was afraid if he knew he would go to her and try to win her. How could I get away without awakening his suspicion— lie was now visiting me at my first uncle's place out of London, . Quite unexpectedly he relieved me by paving that he must return to town at once \- — lie didn't say what business called him. , — and that he would not be abe to see me again until some weeks later, I followed the train he took for London by taking the next train for Liverpool, Ten days later F was on the old plantation in Virginia. Mrs. Kate Waldron, as I took occasion to find out with as little delay as possible, was visiting friends in a distant part of the State, but would return to her home, a short distance from ours, on New Year's Day, The time was so near at hand that 1 decided to wait till then, rather than r ish off to f'nd her at once, as I was at first inclined to do. Bright and earlv on New Year's morning, I had my horse Bfiildjed and rode over to Kate's Lome, The air was deliriously bracing — more like October than January, and there was no snow on the ground. I sang as I rode along. Somehow I felt sure of success this time. " All things come to him who waits," I said, and I felt that my time of waiting was about to end. I was disappointed on being told that Airs Waldron had not yet returned, but she would surely be there by noon. I said I would drive over again later in the day, but as I was passing down the carriage way that led through a noble grove to the road, I met the woman my heart was hungry to see. She was in a carriage and two or three friends were with her. On horseback was a man with whom she was gayly chatting. That man was Alartin Chase ! They both saw and recognised me at tlie same instant. She with a beaming smile — he, rather astonished, perhaps a little crestfallen, but still looking me square in the face, with a not unfriendly gaze. Hot with wrath, with the blood rushing into my face and a muttered curse on my lips, I called out, paying no heed to the woman or her friends, and seeing only the friend who had thus deceived me, dashing down the avenue as I spoke : — "Alartin Chase, never let me see you again as long as I live, or I'll not answer for the consequences !" I heard him call my name after I was some distance away, but I did not turn my head. There wasn't a dry hair on my horse when I reached home. III. I was in a furious temper, as the ser vants and whole household discovered to their discomfort. " That he should treat me thus, the treacherous cur !" I said over and over to myself, never once stopping to think that he had simply done to me what I myself had done to him — only that he had some how outwitted me, had managed to see Kate first. But disappointed love, mingled with jealousy, knows neither reason nor common sense. I wanted time to think, to grow cooler, to decide what to do. I took my old gun and game-bag and soon found myself in the woods. I recall now, with a shudder, that as I stalked fiercely along, that the thought came into my mind that it would be a pleasant sen sation, a real relief to my savage humor, to kill something, though that something was no more than a few innocent birds. As bird after bird came fluttering to the ground, just once I said to myself — " God forgive me ! — Aly aim is sure every time — what if I had a chance to try it on another kind of game !" At last I grew tired of this sport. I was calmer now, and ready to go home. I even allowed myself to consider that I had been altogether too hasty, and wonder if I had better not make it up with Alartin. Just then a brace of birds rose together close to a large tree. The report of my gun was followed by a cry that made my heart stand still. At the same instant I saw Alartin Chase throw up his hands, then, with his right, clutch at his side. He had been approaching- me, with the tree between us, and I had not discovered him before. "Oh, Alartin," 1 cried, "I didn't hit you — say you are not hurt !" springing forward as I spoke. "I know you didn't see me — you didn't mean to," he gasped, as with a groan he totterod and then fell on his face, limp and lifeless. I turned him over and tore open his clothes. There was a ghastly wound near the heart which -looked as though the whole charge — a heavy one — had entered there. I did what I could to stanch the flow of blood — I tried to force some brandy into his mouth from my flask. His breathing, painfully rapid at first, was now hardly perceptible — then it and his pulse could no longer be discovered. Then the truth suddenly confronted me — I had hilled my friend ! accidentally — there was no blood-guiltiness on my soul — but he lay dead there before me ! All upset by what had come before on that day, this new shock was too much for me. In a frenzy of grief I called on him to speak to me, to say he forgave me, to say he knew I loved him better than my life — and all the while I knew he could not speak — that his ears were deaf, that the cold, white lips were forever silent, while the red blood slowly oozed and dripped down into the ground. Now the sound of my voice made me shudder, and I could not tell which was the moi'e unendurable, my voice that sounded so strange to me, or the grim silence of the body at my feet. Should I carry it home — or should I go and bring others to help with the task % This question bi-ouglit me face to face with the supreme shock, as my conscious ness recalled how we had jiarted that morning, what my last words in the pres ence of witnesses had been. I had warned him to keep out of my way — he had disregarded the warning — he was dead — they would say I hilled him — that I was a murderer ! How could I prove that I did not kill him intentionally, with murder in my heart 1 I could not prove it. Who would believe my story, true though it was 1 Would I have believed such a story in the case of another man 1 He, too, was un armed. They would say it was a cowardly, brutal murder, in which 1 had not given my friend a chance for his life 1 Of course, I would be tried. On the evidence there could be but one verdict. That verdict would mean death on the gallows — my death on the gallows. Even now, if there had been the most remote chance — one chance in a thousand, in a million — that my friend was not dead, that he could be saved by my taking him home and facing all, even the gallows, I would have done so. There was not that chance. It only re mained for nip to choose between the ' | gallows and flight. I felt that I had reasoned it out in the only way it could be reasoned out. Shaken and torn as I was by the death of my friend, by the hopeless horror of it all, the instinct of self-preservation was strong within me. For one instant I thought of suicide — then as quickly dis missed it as more cowardly than flight. I even felt it my duty to cheat the gallows in such a case. As I watched the body I thought I saw it move — there seemed to be a horrid leer on the face. No more than ten minutes had passed since my friend had fallen to the ground, yet the time seemed interminable. I felt that in another ten minutes I should lose my reason. Forcing myself to press a kiss on the Avhite, chill forehead, with a shudder I turned and rushed headlong from the spot. I somehow pulled myself together suffi ciently to appear somewhat like myself by the time I reached the house. " Have you seen Alar's Chase 1 He's gone lookin' for you," one of the servants said. I mumbled a reply, went to my rooms, packed a handbag, took what ready money I had — and wrote this letter to Airs Kate Waldron : — "Send some men after Martin Chase's body, near the oaks, at the edge of the woods, He was accidentally shot, as God is my witness. But the people will not believe it, and I'm going away. If I could know you believe it, there would he one pang the less, the greatest pang of all. I came home to tell you agaiu what I told you once before — which I can never tell you now. Pity me— and believe me. " Robert Hardy." I sent this letter in haste by one of the ser vants. Then I went quietly away from the old home — leaving it and the old life behind me forever. IY. How I managed it, so that when they came to look for me, there was no trace of me, there is no need to say. Botert Hardy had disappeared as utterly and entirely from among men as though such a person bad never lived. In one sense his place was taken by R. T. Harding, who existed —I can't say lived— in a small western town. I had read or heard somewhere that . when a criminal tries to hide his identity under an alias, he frequently selects as a name that in its construction somewhat resembles his real name. I could understand this now. I thought that if by accident I should be startled by some one calling me Hardy, it was so much like Harding I could make a reason able explanation. To myself the " R," still stood for " Robert," although, to any curious person I should have said it was for " Ralf." The twin companions of my thoughts were my dead friend, killed by my hand — and the gallows. Many a night in my dreams, have I beheld that dead body under the trees, only to see the gray old oak close by turn to a gallows with a noose dangling from it — then to awake with a cold sweat like a death damp on me. I knew that my description must have been sent to every chief of police in this country, as well as to Europe. I knew that detectives must be looking for me — where I could not know. The sight of a policeman, for the first time in my life, was more than distasteful. I was afraid of everybody I did not know that came in my way — at the same time must appear natural and easy in meeting strangers. Aly appearance I had changed as much as possible, without resorting to any of the puerile tricks that only serve to in crease the danger of one in hiding. Con stantly on the alert, always fearing arrest the strain was at times almost insupport able. How I longed for old friends, old faces, familiar scenes — longed with the painful intensity that accompanies the knowledge that henceforth none of these could be mine. At the same time I dreaded, with an intensity no less, the consequences that must follow the chance meeting and recognition by one of these old friends or acquaintances. Aly small supply of money did not last long, and I was soon obliged to apply for work ot some sort. There was no one to whom I could apply for money, although a comfortable income belonged to me. At first I avoided the newspapers. I could not endure to read what I felt sure I should find in some of them — details of the murder — that was not a murder. If I had really intended to kill my friend, I should have committed suicide or given myself up within a month. As it was, I could only go on as I had begun. The past was black, the present bitter hard, the future stretched away dreary and hopeless. One day I saw a man at the hotel that I had known in Virginia. I was sure his coming was connected with me. The next morning on some pretext, I resigned my clerkship, and was again a wanderer. After a while I settled down in a frontier town, where I was reasonably sure — not wholly sure, that I could never be — I should not be discovered. Here I had hard work with my hands, such as 1 was wholly unaccustomed to ; but it was in a sense a blessing, for some times physically worn out, I managed to sleep. This was all that saved me from a lunatic asylum. After I had been here a year, or more, one of the men with whom I was working casually asked : — " Have you seen that tenderfoot at the hotel that came to-day ? He's a sort of a swell chap — I heard some of the boys says he's asking after a fellow by the name of Hardy, or something like that.' I managed to say I hadn't seen the " tenderfoot," in such a way that my emotion was not noticed. The night I was in a delirium — I thought ' a detective was in my room and I begged him not to hang me — so they told me afterward. The tension had been too great — the delirium ran into a brain fever. Finally, in my ravings, I though I was dead, and that the ghost of Alartin Chase was re lentlessly pursuing me. It was New Year's morning — a year ago to-day— that the fever left me. For the first in weeks I was conscious, but miserably weak. At first 1 did not know where I was then I remem bered with a sigh. Presently I felt a cool, soft hand on my head. I looked up, and Kate was bending over me. It was she, then, who nursed me back to life ! She kissed me — it seemed as though an angel had touched my lips — then put her finger warningly on her lips to show I mustn't speak. " You've been very sick — you are out of danger now— you will live — that is enough to know now." Enough, indeed ! I would live — for her sake. Later in the day after giving me a strengthening portion, she said : — " Robert, I have a New Year's present for you. Are you strong enough to bear it dear!" " I can bear anything — with you here," I feebly said. A moment later the door softly opened and a man entered, " Alartin V' I cried. Alartin Chase, my friend, alive and well, with his strong arms about me, cry ing like a child ! "Well, you see, there's not much more to tell. I had not killed him, after all. The wound had, indeed, been a bad one, but with the best of skill and tender care, they had won him back fiom death's door. Since then he had haunted the country over for me, only to find me, by chance, at last, in a raging fever. It was only the shadow of a crime, after all, from which I had suffered ; but that New Year's day present — -at the be ginning of a new year and a new life — made recompense for all I had suffered. When he came to the woods that almost fatal day, he had come to tell me that it was I, and not himself that Kate loved. That was why she came to me in the rude frontier town — that is why she is Airs Kate Hardy to-day. the end. 