ENGLISH STATESMEN ON THE IRISH QUESTION. [From our Special Correspondent. London, October 28,1837. Although Mr. Gladstone went through the extraordinary labors of last week ap-<*> parently without Injury or very great fatigue at the time, they told on him sub- sequently, and he suffered from cold and prostration so much as to be obliged to excuse himself from receiving a deputa tion, who had watted upon him by invita tation of his host to present him with an address, Fortunately, however, his in disposition soon gave way to the influence of rest and care, and on Taesday last the old man eloquent was able to speak at the Leeds rail way-station in acknowledge ment of the enthusiasm of his admirers, and subsequently at a meeting of Liberals at Ripon, where he showed that he did not appreciate being called a "Separa tist." On Monday Lord Hartington went down to Nottingham to address a meeting of Liberal Unionists, and of course he proceeded to reply to the speeches made by Mr. Gladstone on the government |of Ireland during the previous week In that same town. He was severe on the National Liberal Federation which had, he said, made Nottingham the home of the caucus in place of disgraced Birmingham. It was not to be supposed that the caucus which came to Nottingham, however, was the came or a similar association as that which dwelt in that " political quagmire" Birmingham. It was a new, a renovated and a purified caucus. It had escaped the one man domination of Air. Chamber lain, and it was free. So said its friends. But said Lord Hartington— "to me, at all events, it seems that the contention of the National Liberal Fede ration as it exist? to-day—or, for the matter of that, the Liberal Home Rule party in this country—to assert, I say, that this federation and this party are anything else but a one-man association and a one man party is to assert that which la in the extreme ridiculous and absurd." He referred to Me. Gladstone's announcement of a domestic Liberal programme as an evidence that the steam on the Irish question was getting low, and made a decided hit in reference to his statements about the question of disestablishment of the Church in Wales being ripe, by remarking that he (Lord Hartington) was waiting to hear Mr. Gladstone's reply to his own speech in the House of Commons, In which some 15 years ago he argued that it was im possible to separate disestablishment in Wales from disestablishment in England. Of course he represented the speeches of Mr. Gladstone, and especially the language held by him in reference to resistance of the law and outrages against the police and others, as calculated to foment dis turbance, to encourage lawlessness, and to incite to crime. This is now a well-worn Idea, and does duty at almost every gathering of the Unionists. It is a quid pro quo for the eternal repetition by the Separatists of the charge of responsi bility of the Ministry and the Unionists for all the murders and outrages that have been committed in Ireland since the passing of the Crimes Act. "You are guilty of bloodshed and murder," shout the Gladstonians and Pamellites, "by reason of your vile coercion." " The speeches you an making, and the personal encouragement yon are giving," retort the Unionists, "are the direct cause of all the resistance to authority, and the throwing of boiling water and vitriol, the shooting and <J??? head cracking that are disgracing our civilisation in Ireland." Lord Hartington was emphatic in his assertion that the "enfranchised democracy" was not to be overawed and frightened by that sort of thing, and would yield nothing to violence and open disregard for law. He en dorsed the speeches that had been w?ti?^ recently in Ireland by Mr. Cham beriain, and pointed to the fact of the adhesion of Ulster, the most prosperous, intelligent, and loyal portion of Ireland, to the Unionist cause as significant and instructive. It is amusing with what confidence the speakers on bath tides assure their audiences that the great majority of the people of Great Britain are in favor of their own views. Mr. Gladstone ajwajs sees the tide of public opinion rising to bear him and his mea *ures irresistibly to victory, while Sir W. Haroourt becomes jubilantly hysterical at the thought of the same thing. It was only fitting therefore that Lord Harting ton should adopt the same role, and assure his Nottingham audience that England was with them, and would let the other fellows know the reason why. At H?Hf?T on the following day Mr. John Motley made a speech in which the Gladstonian case was presented. He completely traversed the position set up by Lord Hartington, whose address Mr. Morley had mastered in the course of a brief railway journey. Some of Mr. Morley's points were decidedly effective. As regarded Lord Hartington's complaint, which I have already noticed, he shows that the Liberal party after the defection of Lord Harting ton, was in no greater degree under the one-man domination of Mr. Gladstone than it was when Lord Hartington him self served under the great Liberal leader. Then again, in answer to the taunts of the Liberal dissentients, and especially of Lord Harting ten, that Mr. Gladstone had declined to indicate his policy, Mr. Morley quoted the following remarks by Lord Harting ton himself: —" I have never thought that as regards any scheme for the better go vernment of Ireland any mere modifica tion and alteration in the Bill of last year would suffice." What does Mr. Morley say? ("If it is bo," he says, triumphantly—" if Lord Hartington never hoped that there could be any modification of the Bill of last year which would meet Unionist ob jections and difficulties, what Is the use of all the parleying that we have been carrying on?' Mr. Morley's peroration evoked considerable enthusiasm. "I be lieve," he said, " that if the Irish peasant is firmly placed in his holding, if changes are made In some of the western districts which need peculiar treatment, we shall have in the Irish peasantry a force making for law and order as strong as any in Europe." Mr. Chamberlain made a speech at Islington which must be regarded as a kind of parting shot prior to his speedily approaching departure to America. It was keen and telling. He spoke of the Nottingham programme as consisting of the ghosts of Liberal measures formerly advocated by Mr. Gladstone, but now slain by his action in favor of a Home Bute policy in Ireland. It must be disagreeable to Mr. Gladstone to find himself constantly bracketed with Mr, Parnell, and Mr. Chamberlain is an adept at the kind of attack implied in that sort of thing. The alliance, he said, was calculated to make the govern ment of Ireland impossible. And as Mr. Gladstone has recently charged die Unionists with pursuing a policy tending to arrest the liberties of the people in England as well as in Ireland, so Mr. Chamberlain charged the Giadstone-cum- Parnell tactics as sapping the very foun dations of all government, and bringing about disaffection and confusion in other parts of the kingdom besides Ireland. Lord Randolph Churchill has no obiec tion to be brought into comparison with any living statesman. Perhaps It is gratifying to his vanity to find that in a single week, for example, he has been before public audiences as frequently as Mr. Gladstone, and of course he does not hesitate to reply to the speeches of Mr. Gladstone—not merely as though he were of quite as much importance as the Liberal ex-Premier, but as though he had liberty to speak for his party as authori tatively as the Prime Minister. Alt this is very amusing, and there are those who ridicule Lord Bandolph Churchill's pre tensions ; but he is a power that has to be reckoned with—whether by Conservatives or Liberals. Last week, at Chester-le etreet, and this week at New castle and Stockton-on-Tees ha has been brandishing his weapons perhaps a little too Indiscriminately, but nevertheless with considerable effect He defended Lord Londonderry's rule in Ireland, and desired to associate fiim??lf with the Chancellor of the Exchequer in the eulogy that he recently pronounced on the Chief Secretary. One might think from the language of Mr. Gladstone that the go vernment of Ireland was in the hands of an irresponsible, an arbitrary, and a cruel body of men whore conduct resembled that of Turkish pachas, or the action of a revolu tionary tribunal. Then in his own auda cious style he proceeded to say that the government of Ireland was composed of some half dozen highly honorable gentlemen—"quite as re spectable and honorable as Mr. Glad stone himself." Combatting the idea that the present Government are acting differently from other Governments as to the enforcement of law, and have adopted a new and strange set of laws for Ireland, he held that the law in Ireland was the same as that nnder which the people in England live and move and have their being. True, for the observance of the law in Ireland it had been found neces sary to pass a, special code of criminal procedure, bat that code is not, as Mr. Gladstone represented at Nottingham, a permanent code. The Government had been unable to fix the termination of the code of procedure, but that was eimply from the want of that knowledge which they could not bg any possibility possess. Lord Bandolph also once more insisted on the necessity for economy in national expenditure, and claimed that he had made the greatest sacrifices he could make to bring the question before the minds of the people, and he urged the electors to irritate, vex, and worry 'their members abont it until they were forced to believe they were in earnest. At New castle Lord fiandolph Churchill under took a careful and detailed reply to Mr. Gladstone's Nottingham orations, per haps too detailed to be as effective as * popuar effort as some others of his ad dresses, but neveithless effective as a criticism of the attitude assumed by Mr. Gladstone, and the view taken by turn oE current events. 