the Jrotejltail ikniarl THE KITS' PERPLEXITY ON THE PRESENCE. ' ' ; Amid the perplexed and discordant attempts at explaining away their super stitious views of the Lord's Supper, it ' seems almost doubtful whetber Ritualists, have arrived at any fixed opinion on the subject. "A glorified presence in the elements;" "a real because a spiritual presence in the holy sacrament;" "the natural body and blood;" "a presence supralocal ! " "W hich of these presents the ritualistic creed on the Lord's presence at the communion ? . The truth appears to be, that having abandoned the only view which is consistent with reason and Scripture candidly interpreted, they have utterly lost their way in intricacies of their own making. For the present they appear to he halting at the middle notion ot the body glorified ; hut,' forced out of that, as they muBt be, if philosophy and reason he any guides, 'they will seek a\melancholy resting-place in the most monstrous and revolting of all super stitions opinions. "We can no more assign' the Lord a place in the creatures which lie on the table, than, at the insti tution of the supper, we could grant that atthe Bame moment He presided at the banquet, and lay in the bread which He placed in the bands of His apostles to be eat®; Transuhstantiation in those .cir cumstances is tco monstrous for1 belief, for; the visible presence of- Christ was theisito contradict it; and that1 which we coullpot concede theh,.we dapAn6t con cede in any Bense now. ' ' Tlty notorious Mr. Machonochie, m an addrtBS to the parishioners of St.. Alhan'b gave/be following ritualistic creed which iB generally received by the sect1!— " Ipelieve, and therefore have taught, that in the Holy Communion the body and bloodUf Christ are present 'really and essen tially,, sb is by inference asserted in the Declaration at the end of the Communion Service; are 'verily, and indeed (i.e., not figuratively, but ah an existing reality) taken i and reoeived by the faithful (i.e„ according ; to the theological;. meaning of. the word, all , baptized Christians) in the Lord's ; Supper : ' (|therefore, that they are present there as an existingreality. I believe, andtherefore have ''always taught you, that the. 'body and blood fof Christ .are ' objectively ' given ' by the Driest, objectively ' taken ' by every commu- : meant, and subjectively ' received and eaten ;hy faith' unto Balvation by such as come to the Lord's Supper with right dispositions. I believe that (inasmuch as our Lord is one person, and incapable of division) this pre sence is the presence of God the Word Incar- 1 nate, not after a material or local, or corporeal,' or earthly mode of existence, but after a fashion supralocal, supernatural, 'heavenly :and spiritual,' yet "real and essential — not the less ' real and essential ' because ' hea venly and spiritual,' nor the less ' heavenly and spiritual ' because 'real and essential.' The presence of the Godhead in the mortal body of the Son of Mary was not merely local, but infinite. It might improperly be said to .be local, but the human body was a thing of space, and so local, but properly the presence of God was, infinite, supernatural, spiritual. So in regard to the Holy Eucharist : I believe him to be locally , present only in beaven, which He has localized by his ascen sion in the flesh : but supralocally (as haB been already said by most thoughtful theolo gians) He is present, both in bis Godhead and, in bis manhood — which He has taken into his Godhead, though without making it like the Godhead ubiquitous — according to bis own will, wherever and whenever the sacramental conditions which He haB 'laid down are fulfilled. This presence I believe to be conferred by the word of Christ, as spoken by the priest, through tbe operation of God the Holy Ghost, irrespective of faith or any . personal qualifications either in' the consecrator or receiver." Now, .let us examine how far these statements be reconcilable with common sense, or that which Ritualists will respect .more— the definitions of their Church. l.It is affirmed that the body, and blood of Christ are verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful " that is, according to the theological meaning of the,, word, all baptized Christians," Surely a reference to the Articles and /formularies of the Church, as well as to. the use: of the word in the times of early' Christianity, ought to have told the ex- ponent mat tne worn raitniui means no such, thing. There is a faith of pro fession (1 Tim. v. 8), and there is a faith which is a spiritual quality of the soul (2 ' Thess. iii. 2), and the convenient equivo-. cation lies in confounding the one of these, with, the, other. That the " faithful " in , the Catechism are the morally believing —not simply the professing, is clear from this, that it is used . in that sense in the :same documents, , " faith whereby they , steadfastly believe," etc.; "a lively faith ; in God's . mercy, through. Christ!',' . (2.) That the. 28th Article! declares, that "the means whereby the , body of Christ is received and eaten in. the supper is faith." (3 ) That "the wicked, and such as be void, of a lively, faith; in no wise are partakers of Christ." (4.) That the acknowledged title of confirmed believers in early times (from which the technical word is borrowed) was "Fideles" (" Bingham's Antiquities," b. i., c, iv.) In fact, the; word is borrowed from "Nowell's CatechiBt," and there clearly denotes the spiritually faithful. "An ergo soli fideles . corpore et sanguine ChriBti pascuntur? Soli omino ; cum quibus enim corpus suum, cum iisdem et vitam eternam, ut dixi, communicat." But it. would not , suit the exponent to adopt this, the obvious sense of the termj for, then he . could not s have., written the words, "ifrespecj;iye,;of./aith, in\the„ re ceiver." , , (!,' , 2., It jBiaffiijmd jthat, "this,, body arid, blood of Christ| ai;e p.hjectiyely ,, taken ..by ,«>flv;icp'mcan(!!"' v '/By ' eyery : , ' .com- ; municant ! then is<i;be;20tty for fit .expressly .declares tli;a!t'(,the)wicked: (an.d.thqy come.uijder tbe'phrase (|',every. communicant') in no wise iare. partakers, ;of christ.":. . , '. J;', 3. It is affirmed that ", this' presence, ,is; the .presence'of God. the Word jncarnaie,. not after, a. material, local or corporeal, fit. earthly mode , of 'exiBtencje.,'..'., confesp. we cannot see the distinction : between ; " Incarnation'''.ahd!" Cprporealiiiy,'' '."! Tke W ord; incarnate" ;is "„tie .W!ord becoming, flesh ;" . and becoming" flesh' r is."!. surely equivalent. to VA body, bast Thou prepared me." How Christ can" be1 the "Word incarnate, and' yet incorporeal, we are unable to comprehend. > 4\. It is affirmed that " Christ is locally present only in Heaven, but ' supralocally He is present both - in his Godhead and his manhood; wherever and whenever the . sacramental conditions which He has laid are fulfilled." ' What'cau a supralocal presence means as contrasted with : the "only local pre sence in heaven." If only locally present, there, it is difficult to see how locally or supralocally (in reference to his manhood) He can be present : in the supper. Whether suprapresent or intrapresent or transnbstantially present, He is said to be present. Yet saith the Prayer Book " it is against the truth of Christ's natural body to be at one time in more places than one." 5\. It is affirmed that " this presence is conferred by the word of Christ as spoken by the priest, through the operation of God the Holy Ghost, irrespective of faith or any personal qualification either in the consecrator or receiver." ; This is again the doctrine of " Tract 86 ;" but it appears difficult to reconcile the state ment with the declaration of the Church that the " body of Christ is given, taken, and eaten : only after a- heavenly and spiritual manner, and the mean whereby the body of Christ is received and 1 eaten in the supper is faith." It is mournful to see such obscure and contradictory statements oh a ' subject so awfully, mysteriously presented to an ordinary congregation in a popular address. These are the things which shock the men of reason and intelligence, give occasion to the indifferent to Btand aloof from all dogmatic religion, and put weapons of force into the hands of the infidel. But some will ruBh in where angels fear to thread, and, in the impossible1 attempt to find solid footingwhen the direct path has been forsaken; allow themselves to darken counsel. We repeat with sorrow but with conviction, that we see arising out of expulsion from untenable, subtile positions, no escape for the holders of them, but in thei i gross materiality of ' transiibstantia- ( 'tion. i ''imv.'i tu «»;<>: :ijiq vl >v/ 1>; ; !' 