mvbourne, satubdat. \ 19m FEBEDiar. Dabblees Supernatural, who aro also diligent r eiders of the newspapers, most hare had th1e'r attention attracted to two ghost stories, \at present going the- round of them, of the Pennine old fashioned sort, that used to delight or affright our grandfathers and grandioers before the modern medium taught to raise their Shades at will in' our parlor.. Vnd the Psy chological Society underU 'Ok- to tell us how it is done. OL;V is tho account of a haunted ship lading to- Norway, from which two ' au:05861® crews have been driven by the goctral pranks of a figure that claims to phantom of a former captain known 4 have been murdered in his cabin a fe\N years sinae ; and the- other comes to us > nearer home, from Miidgee, in New South Wales, aud relates how a fdrmer and his family residing in the neighborhood have been literally pelted out of houso-and home by mysterious showers of stones, of various weights, that came in through door and window, and even through the ceiling, in a way that no human agency could account for. At least, all attempts to acconnt for the phenomenon havo failed so far. The neighbors formed- themselves into a committee of observa-- tion, and the police came to their aid, without solving the riddle. The vagrant missiles continued to fiy about in defiance- of the laws of trajectories, and, what gave rise to no little surprise, some of the watchers were struck and received no- hurt. That in neither of the cases men tioned will any explanation be arrived at- which will satisfy all inquirers almost goes . without saying, for although there will bo always a large number of people to whom manifestations of this kind present no difficulties of belief, there are still more who meet the phenomena with a peremptory increduhts odi, and will not' be- convinced by any amount of evidence short of that which they find in their- Sacred Books. For while they have nothing to .say against tbe necromantic, incantations of the witch who called up Samuel to gratify Saul, and readily acquiesce in the story of Eliphaz, the Temanito, who saw a spectre pass beforo his face and felt the hair of his flesh stand up, they turn with disdain from any of tho modern examples which tho in dustry of Jung Stilling or Mrs. Crowe has collected for them, as an insult to their intelligence, notwithstanding that the tes timony in their favor is as strong and as-, verifiable as that upon which many of tho> facts of history rest for acceptance. Of course, it is open to be said that the facts of history do not outrage human experience, and that the narrations of the ghost-Beer do, or in other words that the one group of facts is natural and the other supernatural. But, after all, human ex perience is enlarging its limits every day, and the supernatural of one epoch ia the natural of the other. How many of the mysteries of the Dark Ages have not lost all that was mysterious about them by the aid of the microscope and the telescope? An astronomer of the Dark would havo been laughed at as a visionary or condemned to the stake as a heretic, who predicted that . a time would come 'when his successors would be able to disctei the physical features of the planet Mara, or map out the surface of the Moon ; y»Vt Mr. Ellery does it eveiy night, without saVprifiing anyone. People who argue againrtt-ghosts on the ground that they violate he known laws of nature go on the assutaption that there can. ha no law3 of nature -which they do not .know, or . in of&er; words that there are no more discovers to be made in the domain of the invisible and remote. They praitically go furttW and assume that the limits of the«. senses are the limits of the intellWtual life, that we cannot perceive Wnless we per ceive with the eye, md that the eye is- constructed to perovaive only the material aud not the spirited world. This is not o'nly an unphilosopl&cal; mode of reasoning, for it begs the qudation in dis pute, but it is untrue and cap.xhle of dis proof. Anyone who has witnessed the movements of the clairvoyant v or the somnambulist — any hospital doct<xr, in other words— can disprove it. Tua ex periments of the clairvoyant have p"S»t it beyond doubt that the visual organs\are not i necessary for seeing with, and tAat there is a supersensuous sense that is inv> dependent of them, and is vastly more sensitive and more acute. Ancient and modern thinkers alike admit &3 much.' Lucretius had the fact in view when he wrote the well known lines — , Quamjaat dettiterunt ea sauib ut unuiare. ReUquat tame n eete trttu in 1 write patentee. Qua pot nut eatkvi rerum simulacra centre. Sir William Hamilton's dictum on th same subject is almost a translation, namely, " However astonishing, ltisnowprovedbe- " yond all rational doubt that in certain " abnormal states of the nervous organism 4 1 perceptions ara posuble through other. v 44 than the ordinary channels 'of tlx ' "senses." It may be replied that the people who profess to see ghosts aro' ii tlieir normal state, and do not come undei this category. But the auswer to this is, if wc admit the existence of a super- sensuous sense, wc arc uot justified in limiting tho sphero of its activity or pre: scribing its modes. If wo havo a sense that can sco without the ordinary oig.iii3 of sight, it is not moro wonderful that it 6hould bo also able td see with them. Onco admit that it is id dependent of |tliem, and their pres&nco; or absence is really a matter of indifference. Tliey may be left out- of tho question alto gether. The supporters of the ghodt theory are entitled to argue thnt (ha greater includes the lesser, and may super sede it. After all that ha3 been said, however, the question is, and will be in all probability for a long time to come, ono of evidence, at least with the majority of the world. The evidence in favor of any phenomena that are in conflict with our experience or, what is the samo thing, with ofir knowledge of nature and natural lawd, must be very much greater in btilk and quality than the evidence which we re quire for the truth of occurrences that do not run counter to that knowledge. A, man who says he has seen a dead body will be believed sooner than a dozen men who profess to have seen the spirit that inhabited it, and the ratio will increase in proportion to the improbability of tho event to be attested. Dr. Johnson said be wa3 inclined to believe in ghosts be cause so many people of every age and country averred they had seen them, but the value of their united testimony de pends upon, the value of their testimony (taken individually. The number of cases of reputed ghoBt seeing proves nothing ii each individual caso is weak of itself, 'while, on the other hand, a single in- -dividual case may be so strongly attested as at once to heighten the .credibility of -all the rest. The quality of- the evidence, is of more importance than -its quantity A haunted house that has passed the in vestigation of a dozen qualified observer of repute will weigh more-in the argu ment- than a. dozen houses which are al leged to be haunted by a posse of inexpert witnesses to whom the laws of evidence are a perfectly new experience, whethei they are farmers in Mudgee or fishennes in Norway. Thb cause of Protection in New Soutk Wales has evidently a staunch strong hold in the mining district of Northumber land. Of the six candidates who went to the poll the Free-traders ventured to nominate only one, who obtained little Ignore than half as many votes as the Xjndidato above him, Mr. John Qit&orne;, although the latter did not secire sufficient to place him among the three Successful ones. As we anticipated .in our ti&ticle; on Thursday, the two former members- Messrs. Melville and Crcer, were agaifit\elected, and associated with them is Mr. '1.' ho mas Walker. The return of this well-k>»o'wn apostle of free-thought is likely to .tkrust bn the attention of the New y South Wales Parlia ment the troubMwm® question which kept the House of i."®'mmona in a stat® intermittent fever f'w nearly six years. The law among our .xnrighbors, as with ourselves, requires of Parliament to be sworn before taking "Ntheir seats, and it is more than likely th Mr- Walker may, for many reasons, plac® obstacles in the way of complying with thV regulation. The relieving act permitting an '-idfirmation to be substituted for an oathV. n cases where the latter is deemed objec tk enable, applies merely to witnesses in ct19 ' justice. As the statutes 6tand, me.v-'bdt of Parliament cannot be legally exemj from taking the oath of allegiance, Parliament is put inapositionof consideA\ able embarrassment if any duly elected\ member declines to be sworn, or, prior to: being sworn, publicly declares thai he has no belief in the existence of a God. A member sitting and voting without having taken the oath is liable to heavy penalties, so that the course Mr. Walker will probably adopt is that of making it publicly known that he does not believe in the essential part of the oath, and then proffering to take.it. It was something of this nature, it will be remembered, that occurred in England in the case of Mr. Charles Bradlaugh. When Mr, Bradlaugh was returned to Parliament in 1880, he was under the apprehension that ho would be enabled, by virtue of the Evidence Amendment - Acts 1&G9; and 1870, to make an affirmation in place of being sworn, and he applied to be allowed tc do so. When the Select Committee to which the application was relegated re ported against this concession being allowed him, Mr. Bradlaugh presented himself at the table to be sworne having first written a letter to the Times, in which he declared that the concluding words of the oath had no meaning in his eyes. A majority of the House of Commons there upon declined to have the name of God taken in vain by one who contemned it, and an unseemly struggle commenced, which only terminated at the beginning oi last year, and ended in Mr. Bradlaugh's doing what the previous . Parliament had over and over ugniri declared it would not allow him to do, namely, going through the form of taking an oath. It will be a pity if similar proceeding are in prospect for the Legislative Assembly of New Sooth Wales, bat the return of a demonstrative atheist makes them extremely likely. The colony of New Zealand haa aet an excellent example to the other colonies in dealing with this sub ject. In view of the contingency of men being returned to the local Parlia ment who might imitate the action of Mr. Bradlaugh in England, Sir George Grey, . two years ago, succeeded- in passing a short Act which puts the matter on a sensible footing. This statute consists of one clause only, legalising the substitution of an affirmation for an oath, in all case where oaths are at present required, at the option of the person immediately interested. Sir George Grey very wisely contended that it was better to deal with the question at a time when there was no personal conflict involved than to wait until heat- and passion were evoked over \some specific altercation. New Zealand has, therefore, rendered impossible any difficulties of this nature interfering with thti.ordinary processes 'of legislation, and the .most fanatical secularist might take, his sWt in either House of Parliament withoLth encountering a chance of posing as a martyr for conscience' sake. Would. it not be good thing if, in the next ses- sion of ouvown Parliament, a similar- tit could be aiVpted.? . Men of all shade# of religious or-itxriigioua belief .oro eiivitled to suficit toe'iiffriiieB.of the eleiilsri. yd ' r i - there is no reason for supposing that con stituencies are more likely to confine their selection to church members here than in 'Other parts of the British dominions. 'tMen of broad, liberal views will readily mdtnit that nothing is to be gained by pnt- iting an absurd religious bar across tbe door of Parliament after conceding to con stituencies choice of representatives, limited only by the express terms of the electoral enactment; wliilo those dis posed to allow their religion to do minate over their politics, as they cannot possibly ensuro tho election of u pions Parliament, should discern tlio mischief of attempting to force religious forms upon politicians bereft of religious faith,. From tho latter point of view, few things could be more unseemly than tor persona who proclaim their infidelity to be coerced into tho performance of rite's which they ostentatiously ridicule. Had tho House of Commons acceded to Mr. Gladstone's proposal, and permitted the passage of an Affirmation Bill, it would not have been subjected to the humility of witnessing an avowed Atheist invoking a God he denies, and kissing a book which he affirms to possess so more inspiration than the dictionary. The true Liberal agrees with Mr. Glad stone, that the time has come when religious freedom ought to be dealt out, not in frac tions, but in its entirety, and that no citizen ought to be placed under any dis ability on account of his belief ; and even Conservatives Who would fain cling to a little coercion should realise the futility of offering the notoriety of a mild martyrdom to opponents of theology. Before very long it is probable the whole question of- legalised adjuration will present itself for public discussion, as there is a growing conviction that it has a tendency to impair rather than conserve truthfulness. One of the foremost men of the day in England, Mr. John Bright, has expressed his strong conviction that the distinction which the present sys tem causes to be drawn in the com mon judgment between ordinary asser tions and assertions given under oatb is responsible for much of the reckless lying prevalent in social and commercial life. He contends that instead of society being trained, as it should be, to a sacred regard for truth telling at all times, it is taught to discriminate between an inferior and a superior necessity for truth telling, aud just as the latter is elevated will the former be lightly regarded, until the constant prac tice - of falsehood saps the conscience, and ready waya-are found of escaping even from the rigour of an oath. People will be best trained to a reverence for truth by the constant expectation of finding it in every deliberate assertion, without need of an oath to emphasise it. But a conside ration of this phase of the subject Would carry us, as Lord Salisbury phrases it, " outside of tho do- main of practical politics." All. that Is needed, at present, is that the colony ihould follow the lead of New Zealand, and enable those who object to oath taking 'io make affirmation at their pleasure, sub ject, of course, if they affirm falsely, to Ihe legal penalties which attach to perjury. Until this is done the assailants of religion Will be constantly afforded opportunities cf posturing as champions of freedom. NEWS OF TEE DAY. The subject of the tenders for the Australian scean mail service was informally considered at the Cabinet meeting yesterday afternoon, when the Government decided to leave the matter in the hands of the Postmaster-General. Mr. XJerham will commnnicato with the postal authorities of the other colonics, and endeavor to obtain a joint agreement as to what action (ball be taken. The decision will then he cabled to England for the information and guidance of the several Agents-General. The opinion expressed by the New Zealand Government as to the necessity of the Imperial .authorities taking some immediate steps towards 'the annexation of the island of Tonga, in the Friendly Group, or the establishment of a pro tectorate there, is endorsed by the various Aus- troUaa. Premiers. Mr. Gillies baa token means cf informing the Governments of the neigh boring colonies as to the suggestions made by !3ir fiobert Stont, and tho action taken by his Government in urging upon Admiral Tryon to send a vessel to Tonga in view of the compli cations that may at any moment arise. In the replies which the. Premier has received thorough sympathy with the desires of Now Zealand is expressed, hut as that colony has already dono all that conld be undertaken in the matter it is thought unnecessary to suggest the adoption of. any further action of a practical character. The gentlemen who are to act on the com mission for tho purpose of inquiring into the working of the Trading Companies' Statute were formally appointed at a meeting of the Executive Council yesterday. Mr. M. H. Eavies, M.L.A., will discharge the duties of president of the commission, the -other members (Being Messrs. B. D. Beid, Bobert Harper, J. JLanrens and E. L. Zox, M.L.A.'s, Mr. James. ElMfoiir, M.L.C., and Messrs. David Beath, Ari.Vir B Blackwood and H. G.' Tamer. Mcsb.v.\ Beath and Blackwood have been. selecteifV in the merchants and shipping interests, \ whilst Mr. Turner, who is tho. manager tof the Commercial Bank, may. be regardeit as having been appointed in recog nition of his \great experience in the working of hanking .institutions. The duty of tho Commission wMl he to inqniro generally into, the operation oiMhe various charters granted to tho financial institutions of the colony, andit is believed a vast quitotity of information will bo obtained' calcnlatea\ to guide the Government in framing on anriending bill for presen tation daring tho "next session of Par liament. The question of note issuo is one which mu.it receive special attention. The general principles sought to he adopted in the amended act which; it will, be remembered, Mr. LorimW introduced into the Legislative Council last session, but which was struck out in the Assembler, were that no banking company issuing nokas in Victoria should be entitled, so far as its n\\)te issue was concerned, to limited liability, thaftin the event of failure notes should be paid outof.ihe gene ral assets of the company, and if tbeaewere in sufficient to meet the total liabilities She share holders should bo called upon to pay the balance doe on account of the. .notes. Another important subject upou' whicfr the commission will direct inquiry is fibat of com pelling trading to provideea fnndvior the purposcsof a " reserve liabiHty,"lso thst'ju cases of failure creditors will be protected Mr.\ E. C. Martin has been appointed secretary to) the commission. The- steamship Orient, bringing English, mails to the 14th nit., arrived in the Bay early yesterday morning, after a very pleasant trip of- 42 days. Tbe Orient still remains in charge of Captain Bidler, who is well known to 'this port. The Orient brought a large Dumber of passengers, amoDgst whom, were several returned colonists. The voyage was quite -uneventful, one death, ifbmeiy that of a second-class passenger named Holt, a resident of Prahran, being the only incident considered worthy of note during the trip. Since the Orient was here last she baa been redecorated, aud arrives in the usual yachtlike condition peculiar to vessels of the Orient line. She brought 401 bags of mails and 11 packages by parcels post, all of which 'were sent overland "from Adelaide. The mails were distributed as follow: — Adelaide, 41 bags; Geelong, 15 ; . Melbourne, 114; Laun- ceston, 12 Hobart, 11; Sydney, 116 ; Queensland, 68 ; Noumea, 4 ; H.M. fleet, 4 ; Auckland, 5 ; Christchurch, 2 ;' Wellington, 2 ;_Invercargill;;4 ; tbe Bluff, 2. . The commissioners of the Melbourne Harbor Trust yesterday forwarded to the Minister of Trade and Customs a letter, in which the former asked that a conference might be held »r gentlemen representing the Casfanns depart- ment-aud the Harbor Trust, with the object of arranging— for- --joint- action to- be taken for.; ensuring. a . rapid ... circulation .of . - gnfis- , landed "torn tos-- chipping Hirffsiih . 1ho transit sHeda, and flic prcTcnlion of Ibe whotTcs bcins unduly WofkeS by ciro which j has hosn unclaimed or t;:irc:ncrfd I v cca ' Zfciiysi u-i that the rectii of! tho Harbor Trust Act ccaWe? that My totr/hc possession cf tmciumtcu or not icno\ed within a rcasouaUo tUnj ; oud jfnr Lc- oomicg vcspqttiUc to tho Cusfottis dopathuuut for the pay or duly Ihcscou, to sell the property and reimburse their outlnr from the proceeds. Tho Trast is, however, loth to excrcire these powers until it Iihs souic UHinntec that the Customs ttuthofiticu will act with them, he- cause, although indcpcuduiitof thcdopftttiuent in the matter, it is rcrogoiscd to 1 e nd>iral»ie that hoth agencies of the Government should he in unison as to the propriety of tubing such action. But tho commissioners iccl.lh&l; tlio obiructiuu to traflie bythe delay of cdlisiRiicis iii clearing tho wharves aud sheds of coeds is su serious that if the. Customs .authorities decline to co operate with them it will be lieedfnl for them to enforce' the 93rd section. The 'Trnst has commissioned an officer to specially report on the conditions of storage in the sheds and on tho wharves, and tho mathod of landing goods, with Hie view that the proposed conference shall have something deQcito to deal with on its first sitting. Tho Trust has lately issued over 300 notices to consignees peremptorily calling upon them to remove their goods within a reasonable time, and the department has likewiso issued similar notices. Up to the present Mr. Walker has not dealt with the Harbor Trust's letter, . The Government Inspector of Telephones pro ceeded to Sandhurst on Thursday evening for the purpose of testing two miles of wires which have jost been laid in that city as an extension of the telephonic system there. Altogether slightly more than 4 miles of wires are now laid down in Sandhurst and its subarbs, and the service is giving the greatest satisfaction. All the lines are thoroughly well isolated, aud are carried underground. The Speaker, who, we regret to say, is still in a very unsatisfactory state of health, left this week on a visit to New . Zealand, having been directed by his medical adviser to seek immediato change ot air. Mr. Lai or will be absent from the colony for some time, but he has orTaugcd that oil letters addressed , to him at the Parliament House will be attended to by his private secretary. a An application was mado to ihe Minister of- Lands yesterday for a hathing site licence on behalf of a company, who propose erecting an elaborate bathing establishment at the Wilnam- stown back beach. The site is between the present ladies' baths and a place known as Han- nam farm, the frontage applied tor being 300 foet. It was stated that the company proposed expending a sum of £3000 on the undertaking, and that it would contain ladies' baths as well. Mr. Dow granted the licence, and it is probable that when the buildings are erected a lease will ho issued to the company. It was yesterday decided by the Steam Navigation Beard that Captain J. F. Bichard- son, of the steamer Lonsdale, and Captain E. Williams, who was recently temporarily in commnnd of tho steamer Edina, should be called upon to show cause on Monday next why their certificates should not he cancelled or suspended in consequence of their al leged _ (lefuult on the evening of the 10th Both steamers were performing their usual trips with passengers on that day, and in tho evening, tho weather being rather hazy and the tide low, they each ran aground ; the Lonsdale in Ccrio Bay, and the Edina near Point Gellibrand Neither steamer sustained any serious damage, hut both were dotained somo hours, and the opinion of the Steam Navigation Beard, after holding an inquiry iu each case, was that a proper amount of care in ihe navigation of the steamers had not been exercised on the night in question. A deputation from St. Hilda, representing the Prince Alfred Bowling Club, waited npon the Minister of Lands y rater day with respect to the notice received by tbeui from the trus tees ' of , tho Albert Park requiring the-elub to Tacate by the end of the month the reserve which they occupy in that enclosure. It was stated that the club hrul been in possession of tho ground upwards of ZO years, and had spent somo .£500 or £600 in improving it. Mr. Dow said ho was powerless to help-them in tho matter, as ho was only ono of seven- trus tees. There was no desire to torn them oat of the place, tha notices having been sent for the purpose of patting a stop to the system of gate money adopted by some of tho clubs. No complaint on that score had been mode with regard to ihe Prince AlfredBowUng Club, and he did not anticipate that they would he affected in any way by the notice. The Trades Hall Council was engaged last night in discussing the best means of quickly bringing to an issue the dispute which has for nearly 12 months existed between them and the trustees. Tho secretary (Mr. D. Bonnet) staied that tho trustees had, through their sec, rotary f Mr. Bawlings) expressed their willing ness to meet tho council in confe rence on tbe matter to endeavor to bring about on amicable settlement. Tbe only diffienity, hitherto, had been as to which should tako the first step. This was proposed to ho overcome by passing a resolution regard ing tho desirability of a conference simul taneously at tho respective meetings by each body, which are both held on tho some nights. Acting on this information, the ccnucil affirmed their desire to adopt such a course. A message was then received from tho secre tary by the trustees to tbe effect that.tlio latter would be ready to meet tho council at any time after delegates bad been appointed, end the council accordingly appointed nine representa tives for that purpose. Mr. Moore, the district traffic superintendent of the Railway department at Sandhurst, has: concluded his investigation into the circum stances attending the recent collision between- a passenger and a goods train at Kangaroo Fiat Station, whereby the engine of tho former was sorionsly damaged It seems, from the evidence forwarded, that when the passenger train alluded to was entering tho station. on the way to Sarfdhurst, tho driver of a goods train, which was shunting on a siding, pro pelled some trucks in front of tho engine, and thus caused tbe disastrous contact which is the subject of complaint Mr. Moore holds the driver of tbe goods train culpable for " kick ing" the tracks across the down line when he knew the passenger train to be due; imd he con siders the stationmasierat Kangaroo Flat to he also blameworthy for allowing the shunting to be done at such a time. Mr. Mooro's report, together with tho evidence taken by him, will be dealt wiih by the Bailway Commis sioners. Three Hindoos waited npon the officials at the General Post Office yesterday for the pnr- poso of laying boforethem a complaint as to an alleged postal irregularity. They complained that a snort time back one of their camber for warded through the post cffice at Fitzroy a registered letter and fonr registered parcels. All of these were addressed to a correspondent in New Zealand, but only tho letter reached him. Tha spokesman of the party said that he delivered the letter mid parcels personally- to an. employe at the Fitzroy Post Office, who gave him a receipt for the registered letter, bat re marked, when he applied for an acceptance far tho registered parcels, that it was not neces sary to famish one. Inquiries were made by the General Post Office authorities yesterday, with the result that it was found Hurt, on.the dote given by the Hindoos, no registered parcels wore received from the Fitzroy office for trans mission to New Zealand, although the regis tered letter' alluded to came to hand. The deputation was promised that the -postmaster at Fitzroy would be asked for a report npon the subject, and that tho New Zealand authorities, would also be consulted. about the matter. New past offices will he opened wittrin tho next few days at the following places : — Fair field receiving -house, near Alphington, on. Monday next, daily mails closing at post town tit half-past 9 n.m. and 6 run. ; Buffalo Brver, near Myrtleford, mails close on Wednesdays and. Saturdays, at a quarter to 6 a-m. in Mel bourne, and an the tame days at 4 p.m. at the poif>town. A new money order office has been opened at Brace, in South Australia ; and the post office at Abbey, New South Wales, has been closed. Beturm. tickets at holiday excursion fares will be issued to Melbourne in connection with the United Fire. Brigades' Tournament and V.B.C. Ant iimn Meeting, by all trains on 23rd, 24tb and 2Sth February, and by the first train on tbe 26th February, from all stations ; also by the last through trains on Wednesday, 2nd Msrch,and Friday, 4th, March, from all sta tions, and by the first np trains on Thursday, 3rd, and Saturday, 5th March, from Kyneton, Sandhurst, Maryborough via Cestlemoine, Maldon, Laneefield,Daylesford, Bacchus Marsh, Queenscliff, Camperdown, Ballarat, Lillydaie, Wanagul, Franks ton, Sejmonr, and all other stations, (suburban excepted)' intermediate thereto. The tickets will be available for re turn from Melbourne np to Monday, 7th March, inelnaive. The Bailway Commissioners yesterday com municated with the secretary to the depart ment, Mr. P. P. Labertouche, by telegram, aud informed hum that they had decided to accept the tender of Messrs. Shaw, Mome and Co. for the construction of the proposed new rail way line from Sale to Stratford, a description of,. which. hw xccentiy appearsdimJie Lli The 'nmbdnfoT thd'6ff«r ir£24,7D4 6(. 2WT; and arrangements are being made for the sign ing of tho contract immediately, i. Tho following new appointments have been ! made in the Cutiucs department : — Mr. A. A. | Bouvray,' deputy superintendent of Hie Mer- I caatilo. Marino Office, Melbourne, to bo col lector of imposts daring tho temporary absence of tha superintendent. Mr. G. T. Maddison, in spector of atoctr, at' Swanllili, to bo also officer cf Customs at that place and collector of imposts. Mr. C. Roberts,' cnginerr surveyor for the Pott of E«huca,"td he also shipwright surveyor. Tor the purposes of port 4 of Act 28 Vict. is'a. 255, and also of clause 3 ,of Act 31 Vict. No. 312. Six cases of typhoid .'ever wero reported to tho Central Bn-atd of- Health yesterday, via., 2 from. Fitzroy, 1 from Templeslowo, 1 from Cambcrwcii, 1 from Upper Hawthorn, -and 1 from Jeffcott (St. Arnand rhire). A return has been proparedgshowing the number of cases reported to tlio hoard sinco the 1st January last up to the I7.th February inst The out breaks numbered 6G9rout of which 118 ter minated fatally. Ia Melbourne there were 75 cases and 13 deaths, in Collingwood 17 cases and 1 death, in Fitzroy 20 ca?e3 and 9 deaths, in Prnhran 24 cases and' 4 deaths, in Richmond 22 cases and 5 deaths, in South Melbourne 51 cases and 8 ' deaths, and in Hotham 22 cases and 3 deaths, la the' metropolitan area the deaths were eight in excess of those that occurred during the corresponding period of last year. Information was published a few days ago con cerning an assault committed upon some -ladies travelling in tbeexpress train from Melbonrnc to Adelaide, when journeying between Winder mere and Bnrrnmbeot, a few miles beyond Bal larat. At first there was some dcuht'as to tho nature of the offence, hut it was afterwards shown thai the assault consisted of a forcible attempt on the part of a man to kiss some of tho indies. Tbe victims having lodged no in formation against their assailant in Victoria, both lie and they wero allowed to proceed to their journey' a end in sopnrute carriages, and, nothing more being heard of the matter, the traffic branch of the Baihvny department com municated with the South Australian depart- ment to inquire whether any further steps wero to be taken. A rcpljr was received yesterday to the effect that on arrival of tho parties at the Adelaide terminus, tho ladies had agreed to ac cept an apology from the male individual, and declined to give him into custody. -It appears' that ail concerned in the affair were members of a theatrical troupe, a Tho establishment of a riflo clnb at Thorp- dalo, and of a cadet corps at State school 1542, Brighton," was" approved of yesterday at the meeting of the Executive Council. Lient. W. A. E. Clendinnen was transferred from tho Field Artillery Brigade to the unattached list, and Mr. W. L. Mullen was appointed surgeon of tho forcos lof _the Victorian Militia on the unattached list. Tho hoard of examiners for mining engine 'drivers -'concluded their half yearly examina tions at the office of Mines, Melbourne, yester day, when 24 candidates were dealt with. Two others failed to put in an appearance. Nino "service" certificates wore issued — five first class and four second claBs. Three second class "competency" certificates were also granted. Two candidates presented testimonials, which did not refer to , mining . engine driving, . Six wore requested to supply rooro definite testi mony as to their having driven engines, and ' tho examination of four others was postponed for six months. A deptitaticn from the Central Board of Ad vice yesterday wajtod upon tho Minister of Education, regarding the site of a now school at South Melbourne. Tho choirmau of tho beard stated that tho site which had been origin ally fixed upon was in Montngue-strect, ou the west side of the line of railway, hut it was con sidered that it would he moro advantageous to have Hio site on the opposite or east side of the line, and it was desiicd to seenre the sanc tion of tho Minister of Education to the proposed change. The school wns to he a second class one and would accommodate about 750 pupils, and as there wero Crown lands iu the neighbor hood i t was taught that there would he no diffi culty in obtaining a site, even although an ex change had to be made. The Minister ex pressed himself favorable to the request, and negotiations will be at once entered into for securing the desired site. The Bailway Commissioners will 'return to. Melbourne this morning at a quarter to 11 o'clock, after completing thoir tour of the western lines. During their absence a largo amount of business has accumulated, which they will be fully occupied for tho rest of the morning in transacting. On Monday every working hoar is altotted to deputations and special engagements. A very voluminous report was yesterday pre- sented to the Central Board of Health by Mr. Taylor, tho newly, appointed market inspector, the contents of which speak a great deal for the- energy he has exhibited in the discliargc of his duties. Mr, Taylor has visited a largo number of places where noxious trades are carried on, and his remarks coucerning the state in which he found most of them certainly deserve the im mediate attention or his department. The state ments contained ia a recent article published in The Ape concerning the uncleanly condition of several suburban dairies are unmistakably borne out by the visits ot the inspector. In his report that officer allndes to a case in Palmer- street, Fitzroy, -where ho found the cow shed filthy and a large accumulation of m&nnre;, and no dairy to receive the milk. In another ho found tho utensils uninviting and emitting a bad smell. . A dairy in another port of the dis trict was also found to be deficient in accom modation, the milk being apparently kept in a sitting room. Butchers' shops innumer able, Mr. Taylor says, he also inspected, with the result of finding them kept in a highly ob jectionable condition. Certain bono miils at Footscray . he . described as most vile and abominable, and he recommends that they shonld be removed many miles from populous localities. The proprietors, he said, kept 60 drays constantly at work collecting all the dead horses and bringing in the decomposed meat from butchers and others. At the Melbourne abattoirs be was shown a beef carcase that had been condemned for tuberculosis, Here tho burial of refuse was very objectionably con ducted,, andtho. result of the inspection led him - to think that the abattoirs should ho abolished, and a new establishment built on a more suit able site. In every instance where he found it. necessary to order sanitary improvements Mr. Taylor did so, and tho board has decided that if on his return visit tho same condition of Ihings - is noted the proprietors shall be prosecuted. Several matters of sanitary importance wcre.- dealt with at tho meeting of the Central Board -of Health yesterday. A report from the lllpdira ofBceria- chflrgAfif i-nntninwi infnrmnH. Ujat tho plaCO Would: soon be free-ot patients. There were now only eight persons (excluding attendants) re maining in" No. 5 hospital, and all of these, ex cept one who -was suffering from, consumption, might within a few days be Eafely discharged. No action was; howevra, taken in tho matter, .pending further recommendations from the mcdieaLofficers.at tho station. Some objection was -taken- et the-toeoting of tho committee of management of the Alfred Hospital yesterday to the chairman, along with other two ol the members, entering into on agreement with the Central Board of Health for. the erection of typhoid tents in tho gromids of the institution. Whilo all were -pre pared to endorse tho action of theso gentlemen, it was considered that a special, meeting cf the committee ought to have, been called to consider the matter. ."Uliimatoly Bowevetjthe agreement was unanimously ratified. It was stated in the. course of the discussion,, that there were now sixteen tents" cn the- grouud, and that the work would be carried, on by the-present hospital staff.- The honorary medical, staff. having written to the Central Boafd of Health,' without consulting tho managers, stating that an extra medical officer would not be required, it was agreed to, ask for an explanation concerning this course of action. . The. returns . presented showed that there was a decrease in the number of typhoid patients The: improvement' of Melbourne by the erection of beautiful and commodious buildings in the chief thoroughfares of thecity, «n.i more particularly atthe corners of Wling streets, has heeri very noticeable during tho past few years. A commencement ' has now been mode' . to : dear the way with the view of . building handsome premises at the corner of Collins and Swanston streets, opposite - the ' Town' Hall. This important corner has, for the past 35 years, been occupied by rather frail and dilapidated business premises, which are how rapidly being demolished. In Collins-street there was the Argns Hotel, with several offices and shops which extended round tbe corner and seme distance along Swanston- street. The. original office of the Bank of Victoria in Melbourne was one of the bnildings now being palled down. The property was some time ago ac quired by the Freehold Investment and Bank ing Company.' It has a frontage of 99 feet to Collins-street, aDfi 156 feet to Swanston-street. The depth j varies, hot it is chiefly 132 feet On this block.af ground a pile of buddings con- tainiog a corner arcade, somo thirty shops, the owuwa- hanitingjieuuies (.which will beau tha eorner) and n number of offices on the second, - third and top floor, will.be erected. The edi . fico will bo built of brick, with ornamental stone aud stucco work oa the front portions. It will ho four tloiie' high, and will have a very fine uppeur.inc-' from the street. TLe arcade, which will have shops ou each side, will load from Collins to Sxsnstou sttu-ts, and tlio main oatrance to tho offices willtio in the thoroughfare last named. Opposito the Swan- itou-strcet ontrauco to the arca.de it is in- intcuded to build uu auction room with a num ber of small offices attached, so as to serve tho purpose of a land exchange. Tenders have already heea invited, and the bnildings will bo commenced without unnecessary lapso of time. Milk, and tlio methods by which it can bo most truthfully analysed, fonned tho subject of a lecture, which was delivered before tho mem bers of the Melbourne and Suburban Master Dairymen's Association at Shccban's New Treasury Hotel, Spring-street, last evening, by Mr. W. E. Ftold, analytical chemist. Thero was an attendance at about 30, and Mr. G. A. Brown, of the Gippsland Dairy, presided. Mr. Field commenced by referring to the action taken by tho Central Board of Health in endeavoring to protect the milk- consuming public by appointing inspectors who were instructed to prosecute persons found sell ing inferior or adulterated samples. Ho com mended tho spirit which prompted this action,, bat then proceeded to argne that the method of analysis aflopted was all in favor of the inspector getting a con viction against the milk vendor, owing to the the systems of analvsis being various. Thus, one might give results which wonld cause the conviction of the milk seller, while another wonld show that the sample was up to the re quired standard. Wamklyn's muthod was most generally used, but tbe lecturer strongly advo cated that a new standatd to be used iu all eases, should ho adopted. . It was not fair to accuso a man of selling adulterated milk until it was known what good milk was. After explaining his subject in an exhaustive manner Mr Meld contended that it was de- sirablo to reduce the standard by which milk was tested . from a high to a me dium cue. The lecture was illustrated by views of globules of milt highly mag- nified, which wero shown from a scioptican by Mr. Moody. At the conclusion of the lec ture a cordial vote of thanks was passed to tho lecturer, on the motion of Mr. F. J. E. Morgan, sccondod by Mr. Walter Dobcll, the hope being expressed that the useful information contained in tho lecture would be more widely disseminated by its re-delivery or its publication in pamphlet form. The members of tho Tramways Trust, at their mooting yesterday, were informed by letter from the Tramway and Omnibus Company that tho last named body were agreeable to the Bathdovne-strcet tram line being constructed on the cable principle instead of being made for horse traction, as was originally proposed. The company also asked the Trust to lot the contract for the St. Kiida-road tram lines so that they may be finished simultaneously with tho new Princes-bridge. It is understood to be the Trust's intention to adopt this sugges tion. Tho legislative committee were autho rised to take the necessary preliminary stops towards drafting a bill providing for giving the Trust increased borrowing powers, which will be necessary if several of the tram lines origin ally planned for horse traction should be carried oat for the cable system. There are still two municipalities, Melbourne and Hawthorn, who have not yet given tlicir assent to the pro posed . alterations. Alderman O'Grady was yesterday rc-electcd_ chairman of tho Trust for the ensuing year. Tho hearing of the divorce case Weeding v. Woeding and Eose was resumed yesterday, before Mr, Justice Webb. Long before the time appointed for the case being called ou the corridors leading to the Divorce Court Were crowded with persons anxious to gain admis sion. When the doors were opened tho court wns quickly crowded, and it was found neces sary to station police constables in a position to prevent more persons from pushing their way into tho court tliau conld he accommodated. At half-past 10 o'clock Mr. Justice Webb took his scat .ou the bench, and the examination in chief of the petitioner was confirmed by his counsel, Mr, Forlongo. Some of the evidence was of a character utterly unfit for pnblioation, even snpposing the judicial prohibition against its publication had not beon made, and during tho recital of the details of one particularly indelioate scene Mrs. Weeding was visibly affected, At the close of Mr. Forlonge's exami nation of the petitioner the latter was token in hand by Mr. Pnrves, and the listeners in conrt fairly revelled in the cross-examination. At one time, when tho petitioner's answers were not aatisfactory to Mr. Forvcs, the latter drew his attention to the fact that Mrs. Weeding had warned him that if her husband went on with the divorce suit it would result in his get ting into gnoh Mr. Pnrves remarked to the petitioner that ho wonld bring about tho fulfil ment of this prediction, and put him iu gaol, if he did not take cere. The other witnesses examined wero Maud Weeding, Bged 13 years, and Mary Louise, Weeding, 15 yours of age, .daughters, of tho petitioner Bobert Dickinson, a former employe of Weeding, and Fanny Adams, the nnrse who attended Mrs. Weeding during her confinement in 1884. At tbe con clusion of the evidence of the last witness the conrt adjourned until Monday next. A motion for tin injunction was made to Mr. Justice Williams in Chambers j-esterday morning in tho case of Fitts v. Lloyd. The plaintiff, Charles A, Fitts, is a glue manufac turer at Kensington, and the defendant, Thos. W. Lloyd,; carries on a private detective office in Little Collins-street. The plaintiff, accord ing to his Statement, originally held a licence- from tho Crown for a piece of land on the Yarra hank, upon which ho conducted his business, hut the ground being required by the Harbor Trust he was 'obliged io give them possession, receiving £1150 compensation. It being necessary for him to o'otnin lund olse- whero in order that he might he enabled to con tinue liis business, aud being without the neces sary funds, ho applied to the defendant for as sistance. Tho latter advanced him the money, the land was bought and the title mado oat in Lloyd's name. He contended, however, that Lloyd was merely mortgagee. In December last Lloyd for the first time assumed the position of proprietor, and claimed rent from ihe plaintiff as his lessee under an agreement executed in December, 1834. The plaintiff now made a motion to restrain the defendant from selling or dealing with the land,. and also from applying to justices for a Warrant of summary ejectment or distraining upon his goods for rent. The defendant alleged that he was absolute owner, hut dis claimed any intention of dealing with tho land at present. Assmning that he was ' only a mortgagee, ho urged that the court could not interfere with him iu tlio exercise of his rights. Tho motion was dismissed, tho defendant undertaking not to soil, mortgage or otherwise deal with or encumber the laud until further order, and also not to take proceedings by way of summary ejectment under the Landlord, and Tenants Statute. Mr. Goldsmith and Mr. Topp appeared for tho plaintiff ; Mr. Higgins and Mr. Isaacs for tho defendant. An action was brought against tho shire of Bairnsdalo in thq Eint Nisi Prius Court yester day, before Mr. Justice Holroyd and a special jury of six, _ by Charles Frcdk. Chapmau and his wife Elizabeth Ly dia Chapman, for £1000 damages. Tbe plaintiffs aro possessed of cer tain iand and houses in Bairnsdalo, situated in Park and MacLeod streets, and tho defendants are alleged to bare constructed and assumed the control of a drain running through a swamp in tho neighborhood. Owing to their negligence, however, the channel had fre quently overflowed, and deposited sewage imd other filth in the immediate vicinity of the plaintiffs' property. The consequence was that tho buildings wero depreciated in value, and (he plaintiffs lost the rent of some six imncpi, for which they could not obtain tenants. The defendants denied that they had been gcilty of any negligence. The case was part heard, and adjourned until Monday. Mr. Hood and Mr. Isaacs appeared for the plaintiffs.; Mr. Partes, Q.C., and Dr. Madden for the de fendants. The criminal sittings of tho Supreme Court were resumed yesterday before Mr. Justice Ker- ferd and juries of 12. Mr. Bobert Walsh prosecuted for the Crown. John DobeU was charged with committing an indecent as sault upon Christina Nicbplls, a girl under the age of 12 years, at her mother's houEe in Thompson-street, Willi am stown, on the 10th Jannaiy. Mr. Donovau defended tho prisoner, and he was acquitted, Emma Nelson, a mar ried woman of middle age, was charged on two counts with abandoning a femclo child, and thereby endangering its life, and also with ex posing it in such a manner that its health was likely to be permanently injured. Evidence was given by a domestic servant named Char lotte Shirley, that she gave the prisoner her in fant to adopt, and paid for its keep. On the evening of the 14th September, the accused, who was living in Arnold-place, off Bourerie- street, Carlton, was seen to take tbe child oat, and returned withont it. It was discovered next morning in the Botanical Gardens, after bemmexixKed tlis whole mgkL " Ilie prisoner was fond guilty oa both ooaats, aad nraW for. sentence. "A'meoting of tho Montefioie Memorial com mittee was held at Gunsler's CaM on Thursday last, Mr. E. L. Zux. ILL. A., being ia tho choir, Mr. Nahutn Barnot, tho hon. architect, submitted tho plan of tho proposed home, which he hod prupured.ia accordance with instructions from tho committee, and which he cxplaiued at coma length. The style adopted is tho domestic Gothic, eclectically Heated. The material usod in the constouclion of the fagodo is Barrahcol Hill (Gcclong) stone of dull brown color, rubble faced, with Oainarn (New Zealand) or Stawoll (Victoria) freestone dressings. Tha plinth coarse is of bluestone, There are two large rooms in tbe main portion, onodeaotad to the refectory and tho other to the asaemtdy room or halt, which is convertible into a syna gogue. The matron's quarters axe situated in tho attics, and the dormitories, kitchen, &c.;, arc ranged at the rear. On the motion of Mr. L. L. Smith, seconded by Mr. M. E. Ben jamin, it was resolved that Ihe plau submitted by tho hon. architect he adopted, and that an appeal be made to the public for the bakaeeof £800 required to complete the building in ac cordance with the architect's plan. A special meeting of tho subscribers is io ho ccuvcncd for on early date, to devise means to bring the movement to a successful issue. Tha annual meeting of tho British and Foreiga Bible Society was held yesterday, the Bev. Mr. Waugh being in the chair. The report, which was adopted, showed "that contributions had been received from many places which had hitherto done little or nothing towerds assisting the society. Tho latest idea wasjto distribute copies of the New Testament in every Stale school in the colony on tho occasion of her Majesty's Jnbilee Celebration, - and ia order to carry this ont, a petition wns sent to her Majesty, requesting her to grant her autograph and a text, which it was proposed to print in facsimila on the cover cf each Testament. The money would be raised by a special fund and appeals through the churches to the Christian public of Victoria. A proposal to place copies of ihe same book in the bedrooms of the Mel bourne Hotels was under consideration, -but there ware difficulties in the way which bad not yet been ovetcoinc. The income of the parent society for tlio year ending 31st March, 1886, wus £132,771 Is. 9d. ; on purchase account £105,517 14s. 3d.; tho JRoxburg Fund for colportage in Bengal, £103 2s. 6d; total, £238,391 18s. 6d. The expenditure was £240,728 15s. 5d. Issues, 4,123,904 ; total since 1804, 108,320,869 Bibles, Testaments and portions. The balance-sheet c-f the local branch showed the receipts to bo £1677 4s. 4d. and the expenditure! £1620 4s. 9d., leaving a balanco of £56 19s. 7d. The follow ing | officers wero elected: — Patron, Sir Henry Loch, K.C.B.; president, Dean Macart ney. Vice-presidents, G. W. Stawell and the Bev. J. S. Waugh ; treasurer, H. Cornell ; hon. secretaries, Revs. W. S. Holland, G. G. Howden and W. M. Comas ; committee, Messrs. W. Bates, D. Booth, J. H. Cole, Thos. Cwrdon, J. and T. Kitchen, J. A. Marsdon, A. Scott, W. Haugbton, C. Webb, B. Gilles pie and Dr. Singleton, and all the Protestant Evangelical ministers who ore annual sub scribers of 10s. Od. A variety programme has been provided for this evening People's Concert, in the Tem perance Hall, Unssell-street, when several novelties will he produced. A concert will he given on Monday evening, in the Alexandra Theatre, by the Metiopolitan Licdertafel, assisted by several of the principal artists of the Italian Opera Company and a full orchestra, conducted by Mr. Juliu9 tierz. ' The attendance at the Victoria Hall during the week has been of a satisfactory character, the contributions of the Faust Family greatly adding to the atiractiveness of the entertain ment. This evening a change of programme will bo mado. Siberia, the drama now being performed at the Theatre Boyal, continues to attract a fair measure of public patrouage, the impersona tions of Mr, Bignold and of Miss Kate Bishop contributing principally to that result. The drama is to be repeated this evening, and will no doubt be retained until the production of The Tempest, preparations for which are now being made. Messrs. Brock and Co. have made a great change of programme for their fireworks dis play to he given on tho Melbourne cricket ground on Monday next. The piece of the evening will ho Mount Vesuvius and the desHuction of Pompeii, on a scale hitherto not attempted in Melbourne. The ontcrtain- ment will be supplemented by numerous other devices, salvos of shells and monster rockets, &c.; St. . Joseph's Tasmauian band has been secured for the occasion. The programme appears in another colnmn, Mr. David Lee's benefit concert is announced to take place this evening iu the Town Hall. The artists taking part iu it are Madame Boema, Mrs. Palmer, Miss Frederica Mitcholl, Messrs. Bobert Kennedy, Parkinson, Gordon Goceh and Lamblc as vocalists, Messrs. Ede- son, Peoke and Vogt as organists, Signor Stef- fani as solo violinist, aud Messrs. Alired Cel- lier, Zelman, Siede, and David Lee as conductors. The Melbourne Philharmonic Society and.St. Joseph's Military Band, from Tasmania, will each render several numbers. Tho plan of seats is open at Messrs Allah and Co.'s music warehouse. Mr. John Gourlay, well known to the Aus tralian theatre going public as a clever aud prominent member of Salisbury's "Trouba dours," is back again in Melbourne. Since he was last here Mr. Gourlay has been engaged in tho pursuit of his profession in England and America, and has earned a reputation that places him in the front rank of "'specialty comedians." Arrangements are uow pending for his reappearance in oue of the principal theatres at an early dale. Mr. Gourlay has brought with him several novelties, including on entertain ment now being performed with great success in America, entitled A Skip by the Light of the Moon. The performance at the Princess's Theatre last night was for tho benefit of Mr. W. H. Woodfidd, a prominent and popular member of the comic opera company. There was a good attendance, and tho benefidairt on his appearance as Pooh Bail, the 5 character of which ho is the . original in tho colony, was loudly applauded. Mr. Woodfield's imper sonation of the Japanese minister of unlimited portfolios is a very clever and artistic effbrt, and when the opera was.first produced in Mel bourne certainly ranked as oue of tho best played parts. The character of Ynm Yam was entrusted to bliss Osborne, who both acted and song with commendable skill. Thiaeveuing tbe opera will be repeated ' The Irish Detective, a drama affording op portunities for the display of the special abilities of Mr. Gratian Biggs, the well-known and always popular comedian, is to bo produced at the Bijou Theatre to-night. Iu the play Mr. Biggs assumes qnite a number of different and wholly dissimilar characters — on effort that certainly illustrates bis versatility, and one which he has before accomplished with the most gratifying results. The dram is to be mounted with every possible core, new" scenery having been specially painted , for it, and tho characters entrusted to artists who are already identified with the piece. Aa Mr. Biggs has not appeared in Melbourne for the past three years, he is sore to be welcomed by a crowded house. Miss Alice Barnett will take a benefit' at the Princess's Theatre «n Friday, 25th February, that hcing the last night of the preaeut season of the Boyal Comic Opera Company. The works Miss Barnett has selected on this ocea-- sion are Patience, and Mr. Alfred Collier's operetta, Charity Begins at Home. Miss Bar nett. played Lady Jane when the opera was pro duced in London in 1881, and has since appeared in that character over 700 times. Hiss Barnett is new in the second year of her engagement with Mesara. "Williamson, Gamer and Masgrove. and has played the principal contralto part .in all the operas without failing a single appearance. The mpportera of eomio opera win, no doubt, teriify, by their presence in numbers, their appreciation of her artistic and conscientious rendering of all her repre sentations in the Gilbert and Sullivan repertoire. There was an excellent attendano at the Alexandra Theatre last evening to witness the first performance of Lnerezia Borgia. Tho opera is well known, and its tunefulness makes it a general favorite. Signora Ciuti repre sented the title role very successfully, exhibit ing dramatic power and rendering the music effectively. She obtained much applause for tho singing of the aria, Com'e beiio, hut omitted the cabaletta . which should fol low it. Siguorina Cavalleri appeared as Mnffeo Orsini, and her spirited rendering of' the brindisi Ii Segreto obtained for her the only encore of the evening. As Gennaro Signor Lazzarini acted appropriately, and gaye a good interpretation of the mnsic. The part of Dnke Alfonso was entrusted to Signor lie Alba, and appeared to he a new study with him. He, however, gained applause for his solo numbers, which displayed the good quality «md of his voice, -though combined -with a rather boisterous style of singing. Several small porta were rendered br Siiraor Becncci, Mesara, Mergaa, Jehaaon-and oihezs. Tha chcssua' were occasionally rather unsteady. The or chestra was less noisy than usual, and the pleasantness of the effect proportionately in- 1 creased. Lucrezia Borgia will be repeated this evening. ' At tho Opera Ilouse tho successful extrava ganza of Jack Sheppaid is quite as popular 'as ever, and succeeds nightly in attracting large attendances. The efforts of Miss Bobica, Mr. Brongh and Mr. lioycc lose nothing of lfcoii original sparkle andoncrgy, and the characters which these artists sustain ore still rendered with tho vcrcf that has contributed so much to the success of the production. Tho lost nights of thoboieaqae.are, however, now announced. Tho next production is to bo tho Forty Thiovot, for which new arioutol scenery is being printed by Sir. W. Spang. A recital ot uio tragedy of Macbeth, was givan in tho Upper Hall of the Atlieuesm building last evening by Mr..B. Hoaro, a gentleman occupying the honorary position of secretary to the Geek/ng Shakespeare Society, - There was a meagre attendance. The task of illustrating n work -whidh is 'tanked as one of tho most sublime of the great dramatist's creations is surrounded with no amah degree of difficulty, and in attempting it Mr. Hoare's warmest admirers must have woodarcd at his temerity. Without doubt lio is tbe possessor of a voice well Adeptcd'to ttio requirements of a reciter, and had tho gentleman contented him self simply with rendering a tew of the principal passages in tlio play the result would' have been more successful. Mr. Honre, however, attempted to impersonate, to the extent of ac tion and variation of voice, tho several promi nent characters in the drama, a task in which through awkwardness 011 tko piatlorm, resulting possibly from lack of experience, he . nttorly foiled. As it happened Mr. Hoarcs , recital turned the " Grand, Weird and : Sahlimo Poem of Buincd Souls " as the tragedy was described on the programme, to a great extent into a burlesque. The Tonic Sol Fa Association will hold Its annual me c: ill;,' st Tlilstie Cu.'e rooms, ih'to evening, at 6 1 lie ueual Bine Idbton meeting will bo held to-night, in Die Friendly Socfciw)'- llali, Qcectsbcrry-street, Kortb Mclbuurnc. : An open air temperance meeting, for tho advocacy of the principles of tola) abstinence, will be held ou tbe quccn'a Wharf to-morow. A public meeting of tho Australian Natives' Associa tion will In held In the Tumt'erauce Hall, Kae-sirect, Kortll Fitzroy. at S p.m., ou Tuesday I leaf. A amrrriiiii'or.r aud trait sofrie In connection with the Clifton Hill Weslejsn Fliuual Improvement Axocla- tion will bo held ou Monday creulngjicxt. .Harvest thanksgiving services eru" to bo held In St Silas's Church, Albeit Fail:, tb- morrow. wben speclsl sntbemn, Ac. , will be snng at both morning and even ing services. . The new trending in connection with the Faritvllln Snndny school, will be opened to-morrow altoinoon st 3 o'clock, when addresses will be delivered by the Herd. A. Yule, A. llcrdtu and John Ffutthetv. In last Saturday's Issue of this paper the data of tho Telford Estate land 6a'e. at Kew. wan wrongly printed. 1 ho mistake lias been rcctitlcd, und tire corrected sd- vertlaereent appears in another column of to-day's Issue. The lion, treasurer of Use Melbourne Hoipltul for Sick ChUdrca acknowledges with thanks receipt of cheque for £60 0s. 2d, from Airs. Atteuborougli, Dlngtey Grange, Ubeltcuham, being net proceeds of cake fair and entertainment at Cheltenham ou the 12th lush lids evening a variety entertainment aud assault at arms will be given at St. George's nail. A host of trdent will sp|icar In Torn Crlbb's Tartar, and Jem Stowurt, the well known hoxer, is to appear. Tha pro gramme la nllke long and varied. The Tramway. Company notify by, advertisement In another column that the llrst care on tkclr tram lines will leave live minutes earlier In the morning, an alteration which, no doubt, will bo appreciated by these whose business necessitates the catching of early tralos fi cm Spencer- street. The Saddlers' ninth annual picnic will bo held at the llrklgo Hotel, Mordialloc, to-day. An excollent pro- granime of amusements has been prepared, and u plea sant outing is anticipated. 'Flic spetdul train to convey the party will leave i'rlnces-brldgo Station st 0.35 this morning, and retain at 7.33 p.m. It hat .been arranged to hold a tiasonic ball In the Collhis-atrcot hall on ThdVadny, 10th March, to welcome Sir William aud Lady Clarke ou their return from Europe. A very lullueutial committee has been secured, < and tbu arrangements are to bo ou on elaborate scale. Tbe number of tickets Is limited to 600. Wo bare received from Messrs. Ormiston and Glass a ssiuplo of Hewitt's patent boll-pointed pens- and tho Federation penholder. It Is. claimed for the new pens that they aro free from tlio tendency to scratch and spurt, mid a trial of them proves that tbe claim is fully wsrrantcq, q u A new Christian Chapel will bo opened on Sunday, 20th p'ebruary, at Glllles-street, Fairfield Park, when Gospel addresses will be delivered by Messrs. llling- worth aud Eotvia, and ou Tuesday next a grand ten and public meeting will bo held to celebrate the open ing. A large tnustcr of friends Is expected. 