THE REYIYAL OF THE NORTH EASTERN MUNICIPAL ASSO- " GIATION. A circular from the council of the Shire of Mansfield has raised the question whether it? would not be advisable to revive - the Norlh-East6rn Municipal Association, which was once, although onlv for a very short time, a powerful and influential body. Our readers may remember that the whole of the munici- palities of the colony, with, we believe, a few rare exceptions, formed themselves nto " groups," with a contral body \- Bitting in Melbourne, composed of dele gates from each gronp. The groups themselves held periodical meetings of delegates from each of the councils of which they consisted, to discuss the previous propositions of each, or rather, We should say, to record lite opinion of a majority.' of those councils upon any nivan noint. It would hnve been better " "if these .-group meetings had been de liberative assemblies instead of mere courts of record ; so that each delegate, while announcing the opinion so far held by his own council, might be guided by any new- light which could be thrown npon any particular question, and might Vote accordingly, although it was in opposition to the views he had been authorised to bring forward. His conncil would not be necessarily bound by bis conversion, if he had found reason fo alter his own opinion on uuy particular IBsne ; but he would have an opporlunily to give his reasons for the change, and the arguments which had convinced him that ho had bepn,. in error might have ?. similar effect upon tile - body Which ho oad represented. They might then confirm . his vote,, r and have it so. recorded as'adoptad by them. This, however, is only by the way, and is a .detail which wer merely ; throw hut . for Subsequent consideration. We _ may, nevertheless, remark that the very eg- j I „f Hnch combinations is that r'taal Motion sbocU » -dat on any subject, after ft hi? Unexamined from every possible 5 a «oint and under every conce vable fitand-poin. tQ thc re8uscitation oMhese municipal groups, and, suppos- tae th" act "r? nwn nropositions, record .ta n on proposals made by other bodies in the group, and then resolve to bodies in u s t concelTe any act m concert, we c wQnld baV0 ior greater influence. We of asserting and enforcing the ideas, the requirements tion. Th ...j by their scattered are heavily weightea ay v on,! their isolation, botn in position and their r()m the metr0. . - ;ta suburban municipalities, £"ig o.tntiJgroapod together, S til fame ft"? concentrated in a conn y invading and which is unable to mass its for-ee The invading army— and truly the" capital does ,?ren6nt,Tcnnn incursions into our ill-protecl ted com itry places — is thus enabled, not only to Faugh at our claims, but to attack our scattered corps in detail, and t ea our puny efforts to obtain even simple justice And yet, dispersed as we are, and divorced by distance, we have the neces sity, as well as the desire, for some kind of union, and we have, m at least one instance, proved that we have the means. When Councillor Parfitt started the idea of a reduction in the railway gram freights he was bat one man. He. however, speedily induced the North Ovens Shire Conncil to endorse his views, and this conncil soon enlisted other similar bodies in these districts, until they became a very formidable power. Tbey wore then hacked up by a North western combination, which adopted the same views and the same plan of campaign. The Government became really alarmed at the threatened attack, and set Mr Service to the task of snuff ing- them ont, but they refused to under go that operation, nnd renewed the assault with such vigor and confidence that the Premier found it necessary not only to entirely change his tone, bat to yield the demands of the assailants. Now we contend that such a force should be kept, on foot not necessarily always in the field, but always ready to take the field when the occasion arose. It may be said'that such combinations of bodies created for a certain purpose with a view fo carry out other purposes are unfair if not illegal. Notiung onue kiuu. j-uoj- are Bicuply implements — or weapons if you like — which we find ready to onr hand to resist unfairness. on the part of our natural enemies, the centralisers of Melbourne, and our own representatives in Parliament, who, when they find themselves comfortably seated in the Honse, someway manage to forget, or rather to shelve, their constituencies until a general election is coming round. We should therefore strongly recommend Ibe idea of a revival of the North-Eastern Municipal Association to the councils of this district, to the ratepayers and the public generally. The Chinese Commissioners. — The Chinese Commissioners, who are on route to Sydney, arrived iu Wangaratta on Thursday evening, and ivere welcomed by the mayor of the borough (Mr M. Brash) and a number of Chineso. On arrival at the Royal Victoria Hotel, the health ef the Commissioners was proposed by the mayor, and the following day they were banquetled by their countrymen. On Friday evening they visited Beecliworth, where they will remain till Monday. An account of their reception on the latter occasion is published in another column. Parliamentary. — In the Legislative Assembly on Tou'sday Mr Tuthill re marked, with regard to the Imperial Con ference, iha'.it was not necessary loconsider it in derail, for what bad been done would come before the House in good iime. He had found it necessary at times to speak adversely to the Government, but on the present occasion ho could not do so, because he believed tho right course had been pursued. He trusted that careful thought would bo given before Parliament committed itself to contributing to the maintexauce of a naval force, for if they did it meant increased taxation, which was not desirable. He thought that a portion of the fleet should always be kept in Vic torian waters. The conference kept them in touch with the world at a very little cost of prestige. It had not interfered with the friendly feeling existing between the colonies. However, he was sorrv that tho Chief Secretary had made the state ment that it was expedient that- these conferences should be continued. But what the effect of that conference would be in the far future was very difficult to imagine. It would not affect the fiscal policy of the colony as regards the rest of the world, but it might do so in the way of establishing fiscal union amongst the colonies themselves. He was certain of this, that Victoria would continue pro tectionist, as it would be bound to prosper if it did. The Chief Secretary deserved the greatest credit for tho manner in which, along with others, he represented the colony at the conference. Store Cattle. — Mr A. T. Bolton advertises the sale at Wagga Wagga on the 20th inat. of two thousand head of superior store cattle. Wanoaratta Market Report. — Mr Alex. Tone reports about 1100 head of cattle yarded on Thursday. A fair pro portion, were. fat. Prices for all kinds of stock were slightly easier than at previous sale. Milch cows, recently calved, were inquired after, hut there were none brought forward ; a reasonable number of such would find a ready sale at satisfactory prices. 'A few horses, light draughts and saddle hacks were offered, but the majority were mssed. I sold for various owners as follows : — Fat bullocks, from £5 17s 6d to £7 ; fat cows, from £5 to £7 2s 6d ; | veak-rj, from £2 to £3 03 ; forward store bullocks,5 from £5 2s 6d to £5 los ; store steers, from £3 to £4 153 ; store cows, from £3' 10s to £4 ; store heifers, to £3 17s fiti ; springers, to £5 ; calves, from £1 17s 6d to £2 5s. The University Council. — The "Right Dr Goe.j Biahop' off Melbourne, "was . on Tuesday eleqtei'a,, member "of .tlie jiilel-. bourne Uiiivetsity Council, Vliy a 'large maioritv. IV'STf-TIT: S/TtM uu-Ti'T&Z;"'.. Probate.""— (Probate - was! ! on" ' ' Thu i lay granted to the willo J tfrelateMrs Annie Higgins, o£jBeech woith, the(j amount . of the estate|being Bworn at:£492, I £R H 5 - CONCEltT and Ball at tarrawingee. — The Tarrawingee amateurs gave a very pleasant entertainment at Nolan'B Hall on Wednesday evening, in aid of the Wan garatta and Ovens District Hospitals. > The house was crowded to the doors. The proceedings commenced with an opening chorus, " Razors in the Air," by the fol lowing amateurs: — Messrs M. A. Kay (interlocutor), A. Clements (tamborine), W. McGregor (bones), T. Thompson (con certina), J. Johnson (concertina), G. McKenzie (triangle), J. V. Cook (banjo), and Mr J. Cunningham, Beechworth (piano). The following songs suc ceeded : — "Come ye Darkies all," T; Thompson ; " The Gal with the Blue Dress on," Mr W. McGregor; "DatsMe, Martha Ann," Mr A. Clements ; " King-; dom Come," Mr J. V. Cook; " Go and Put. your Bonnet on, ; Betsy," Mr G.. McKenzie ; " Johny Boker," Mr Johnson — interspersed with wit, humor, and sar casm. All the performers acquitted them-; selves excellently and provoked great ap plause. The grand finale, "Birthday Festivals," Messrs G. McKenzie as (Sig ner Frangipanni), Mr W. McGregor (French conductor), Mr A. Clements (big drummer), was well performed, and rap turously applauded. After an interval of ten minntes, the second part was opened with an overture (piano and violin) by Mr. J. Brown and Miss Scott, pupils of Mr -J. M. Scctt, of Milawa, which they gave with great taste and precision. Misses Cun- ninghan (Beechworth), sang " Whispering Hope" with much spirit and accuracy. A comic song, " I place it in the hands of my Solicitors," by Mr L. Barker, Whorouly, received an encore and was re sponded to. Miss Pemberton, Beech worth, has favored the Tarrawingee amateurs with her valuable assistance on previous occasions, and is always an agree able -and painataking vocalist. Her two song's were sung in her usual captivating manner ; the dirtinctiveB-ss of er foundation and the pleasant quality of aer voice, especially in the song "A weet Face at the Window," were very "oticeable. Mr E. L. Barker next gave ' Sailing" in excellent style, after which the Misses Cunningham sang a duet, with much sweetness. Mr A. Clements was the next performer, dressed in a " black velvet knickerbocker suit with red and white cap," he Bang "She's .so Sweet," with dance. The audience insisted upon an encore which was responded with the last verse a»d danee. Miss Scott, Milawa, sang, "Bread and Cheese and Kisses," and was much appreciated. Mr E. L. Barker gave a comic song, ' ' When I'm on my Beat," causing much merriment. The farce, " Grandmother's Ghost," which terminated the entertainment, was in it self sufficient to dismiss any audience in the best of humor, the characters being well sustained by Messrs H. Nolan, G. McKenzie, D. Bedford and J, YU Cook. Mr T. Spink, on behalf of the dramatic club- thanked the audience for their patronage, not forgetting the ladies and gentlemen who had, at the invitation of tho committee, kindly assisted. The ac companiments were played by MrCunning- ham ou a piano kindiy lent for the occasion by Mrs Ryan, music- teacher, of Milawa. Arter a short interval, the dance com menced, and was kept up till 4 a.m. The refreshments were of excellent quality, and good music . was supplied by Mr J. Cunningham, Mr J. Connors acting as M.C. Sale of Thoroughdred. — Mr Jas. Maginnis, of Wooragee, has purchased, for a large sum, the thoroughbred horse Applause, -from Mr Jas. Cowan, of Oxley. The horse, which is a favorite and highly- brod sire," will bo advertised by hisncw owner in the course of next month. Mining Mew. — Messrs Rue and Brown crushed 14 tons ivf quartz from their claim, Pipeclay reef, near the Botanical Reserve, Rutherglen, which yielded 26oz Sdwts. Yine Stakes. — Messrs Graham Bros., of Netherby Vineyard, Rutherglen, desire us to state, for the information of success ful tenderers, that they have accepted I he tenders of Garlick Bros., Chiltern, ana L. J. Cooper, Black Dog Creek, for 40,000 vine stakes, the price being £4 los and £4 10s per 1000 respectively, delivered on the ground. Lecture. — A most interesting and instructive lecture, in "Abraham Lin coln," wr.3 delivered on the Presbyterian School Hall on Wednesday evening by the Rev. Arthur J. Wade, Weslcyau minister, of Wangaratta. Tho rev. lecturer dealt exhaustively with his subject, sketchily describing the life of Lincoln, from his infancy to his lamented dcat.li, through being shot by sin assassin. The scrupu lous honesty of purpose and determination of will that characterised the subject of the lecture were very prominently brought out, and as in the case of many men who have risen from the .smallest to the highest sphere in life, the rev. lecturer's opinion was that the minute and apparently insig nificant traits of character that exhibited themselves in the earliest years of Lincoln were to ba specially regarded la order to account for the high success that attended his later years. The audience were also reminded of the factthat Abraham Lincoln, though ho made no great show of the fact, had a deeply religions side to his nature. He was a man who had implicit confidence in God. Many instances of this were given. The lecturo was replete with information and instruction, and wa3 listened to with the utmost nftnnti'mi throughout. The audience was a good one the hall being fairly full— and enthusiastic rounds of applause rewarded the speaker as from time to time he finished the various points in tho portraiture of Lin coln's life. The Rev. H. Swan, minister of tho Presbyterian Church, occupied the chair, and expressed his high approval of the lecture at its close. A most cordial vote of thanks to the Rev. A. J. Wade was awarded, on the motion of Mr Donald Fletcher, seconded by the Rev. J. Wilson (Congregational minister), and a similar vote to tho Rev. H. Swan for presiding, on the motiou of Mr H. Williams, brought the proceedings to a close. 1 Three Mile. — Our Three Mile corres pondent writes : — The annual general meeting of the subscribers to the Three Mile Public Library, was- held last" Tues day evening. Frcm the report of the treasurer it seems the library has a credit balance of £16, out of which sum £14, is as soon as arrangements can bo effected, to he expended in obtaining new books. Votes of thanks were unanimously passed to the retiring committee for their exer tions on behalf of tho library during the nast venr : to Messrs OnlnliniioV ., „ ,1 Gillies, for acting so energetically as honorary joint curators ; to Mr Hatch, for his kindness in continuing to supply ":Harper's Weekly" to the library ; and to Mr Sinclair, for various contributions. A new committee was elected .for the 'ensuing year ; the office-bearers being, Mr Sinclair, president ; Mr H. Gatehouse, treasurer, and -Mr T. Gillies, secretary; Contrary to any other class' of ' people in the community, the sluicars have been enjoying; quietly a jubilate over the wet ; weather. . Their claims are now working liii'full swing. Mr Pund informs me that at'present he has 32 men at wcrk in his claim— a greater number , than he / has employed at any time during the last nine years;'"-"- i"'''1;. ! Entertainment. — The Gordon Gem Company gave, an entertainment in the Oddfellows' Hail, Beechworth, on Friday evening, and presented a very good pro gramme, which met with warm appreci ation. This (Saturday) eveniug they per form in the same hall, when the sensa tional drama, " The Miser," will be pro duced. The Chinese-Commissioners have promised their patronage to the entertain ment. A Child Suffocated. — A child, son of Mr John James, of' Monara, was found dead in bed on Wednesday morning/states an Albury telegram. Medical testimony at the inquest subsequently. held showed that death was caused by suffocation, the child having vomited during the night. The Prospecting Vote. — The Secre tary for Mines has issued the following circular to all participants in the prospect ing vote of last year : — " To, enable this department to. prepare an estimate of the probable amount which will have to -bo provided from the prospecting vote of 1887-88 to meet claims- for unexpected grants from the prospecting vote 18SG-87, I have the honor to request you ; to be 30 good as to render vouchers for work exe cuted up to and including the 30th June ; the vouchers, certificate and . statutory declaration to be forwarded to me as soon as possible after the end, of June. Vouch ers for . work executed from and after the 1st J uly should form the subject of sepa rate accounts." A.O.F. — -At. the half-yearly meeting of Court Robin Hood, 4004, held on Tuesday evening, the following brethren were elected to fill the various offices for the ensuing months : — C.R. Bro. McConechy; S.C.R, Bro. Bacon ; 8.W.. Bro. J. Kennedy ; J. W., Bro. Harper; S.B., Bro. Gilbert; J. B. , Bro. J. Asbury ; treasurer, Bro. J. R. Newey. (re-elected) ; secretary, Bro. G. Farley (re-elected.) The balance- sheet, which was read' and adopted, ahowed a continued steady increase in tho funds, which now amounted to £1125. The passing of accounts for payment, and a vote of thanks to the retiring officers brought the proceedings to a close, j A Successful Entertainment. — At a meeting of the committee connected with the tea- meeting recently held on the oc casion of the visit of Bishop Goe to Wangaratta, on Monday evening, a bal ance-sheet was submitted, showing: the receipts to have been £46 2s, and the expenditure £7 lis, leaving a nett profit of £38 lis.-- Yates of thanks were passed to the ladies and others who. had contri buted to the success of the gathering. Proposed Change of Name. — On Wednesday . Sir Alfred Stephen tabled a resolution in the New South Wales Legis lative Council that the " present. cumbrous title" of. the parent colony should be changed to "Eastern Australia," or some other appropriate and euphonious name. Thb English Mail. — The R.M.S. Pocosi, with English mails to the 3rd June, reached Hobson's Bay ou Friday morning. The mails, which were brought on; to Melbourne from Adelaide by train on Thursday, were delivered in these districts the following morning. Ladies Journal. — The ''Young Ladies Journal" for July is an admirable number, beiug rich in fashion illustrations, tales, music nnd miscellaneous reading. Shire of Yackandandah. — Tenders for roadworks at Redbanb, Barnawartha and Kiewa are invited by the Yackandandah Shire Council, to be in by the 14th inst. Beechworth Building Society. — At the monthly moetiug of the above society on Thnvsday evening, Mr A. M. Morrison (president) in tho chair, the receipts for June were announced to amount to £195 14s 3d. Groceries and Produce. — On Monday next a branch of Mr R. McKenzie's family stores, at Beechworth, Newtown and Milawa, will be opened in Ford-street, with a fresh stock of groceries, oilmen's stores and farm and dairy produce, the latter o: which will be received three times a week from the best dairies in Oxley. Particulars are uiven in another column Oddfellowship. — Tho fourth half, yearly meeting of tho Loyal Corryong Lodge, M.U.I. G.O.F., was held in the lodge-room on Thursday, June 23rd, when (he following bretlirou were appointed to fill the various offices for the ensuing Bix months: — G.M., Bro. John Waters ; N.G., Bro. A. Playle; Y.G. , Bro. A. E. Cawsey ; Secretary, Bro. O. K. Tomlins ; Warder, Bro. E. Figuares ; Guardian, Bro. L. Meurant. O'Connor v the Bank of New South Males. — With reference to a statement publicly made, to tho effect that Judge a- Beckett had refused to change the venue from Melbourne to Beechworth, that he had refused a postponement of the trial and had fixed the 18th July, in Me!!:..-m-ue' we learn that no such application has been made. The matter lias not been before any judge .13 yet, and nothing has been done, with the exception that the prothonotary ha3 given the ordinary 21 days' notice of trial, which would brim' it on on the 18th inst. An application for change of venue was to have been made this week to a judge in chambers, but, at the request of plaintiff's solicitor, it has been postponed till Monday next. The Order of St. Michael and St. George. — Wo notice by the last " Home News" that the Queen has been graciously pleased to create His Excellency Sir Henry Brougham Loch, K.C.B., Governor of Victoria, an ordinary member of the first class, or Knights Grand Cross, of tho Order of. St. Michael and St. George.1 Death at Stanley.— We regret to notice the death of MrThos. Alex. Fraser, son oE Mr T. A. Fraser, of Stanley, at the agp of 27 years. . Ho had for some time been living on a sheep-station near Hay, New South Wales, but being at tacked ;by disease of the lungs lie was compelled to return home to Stanley, where, , after lingering for about - five months, he died at h»lf-past six o'clock on Thursday evening. Deceased was a young oian much liked and respected, and his untimely death is greatly deplored.' Beechworth Grammar School. — we would direct the attention of. parents and guardians to the advertisement in another coin mn relating to the above school. The success of pupils edncated in this excellent " seat of learning'.' at matriculation,- Civil service and Public service examinations no feweil than fifty-five-having passed; of which number twenty- three " got through" the matriculation — affords 'an ample "proof of the value of the education imparted by Mr Goldjsworthy, the principal, and his assistants. In addition to souna instcuc tion in English, necessary to fitboya for a commercial life, extra subjects, such as languages and drawing/ are taught and the physical training of. the scholars 'is also well looked after, a cadet corps having been established in connection, with the school, which has been selected by the; Minister of Education as one at which holders of State scholarships may be received, j The third term- of 1887.. oom= ateBoes on the 20th inst. Organ Recital.— The Rev. Dr Tor rance, 'assisted by Mrs Mahtoh, the church' choir, and other, ladies and gentlemen, will give an organ recital in Christ Church, Beechworth, on Tuesday, evening, 12th mat; Dr Torrance," who has arrived in the Swi.'-will' also preach in the; church to morrow (Sunday). . . ? Property Sale. — On Thursday, 14th inst., Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. will sell by auction the late Mr Higgins's property at the corner of Camp and Finch streets, Beechworth, comprising brick dwelling- bouse and store, together with household furnitiire and effects, including a pianoforte bv Allison and Allison. The Bulli Relief Fund. — The Mayor of Molbourne acknowledges with thanks the receipt from the president of the Shire of Chiltern of the sum of £3 4s 6d; being the balance of local contributions towards the above fund. The . public schools throughout New South Wales subscribed £2300 towards the fund. Shot by his Son.— A tragic affair hap pened' in Redfern, near Sydney on Wednesday. , A young man named Thos- Finney, who was only married three weeks ago, shot his father in the leg, three bullets taking1 effect. It is stated that the wounded. man bears a bad character, and led his family a life of misery, and that his son, being driven desperate by the ill-treatment of his father," quarrelled with his wife this morning, and on his father leaving the house, fired at him. The son escaped,' but' has since been arrested. His mother states that her hus band's conduct for years has been syste matic brutality to her and her children ; that four years ago her son, a butcher boy then, ran _ away from home owing to his fathers's illtreatment, worked for his livelihood in Melbourne until about two months since, when she induced him to retnrn and take a butcher's shop. Hardly had he returned when the quarrelling between father and son recommenced. So frequently did the father threaten the lad's life that he was compelled, for his own safety, to take out a warrant against him. The father answered to the charge, and was bound over in £100 to keep the peace for six months, with an alternative of three months', for saying he would cut his son's throat. As no sureties were forthcoming, Finney the elder went to gaol, where his family allowed htm to re main until the effects of drink had time to wear off him, wheu they got him out. This lesson did not improve him. : The New Teas.— The s.b. Ghingtu left-Foo Ghow on 2nd July for Sydney and Melbourne with teas. ; Queensland Cattle.— The first lot ef a large purchase of cattle arrived front Queensland on Sunday, fer the stations of Messrs Paton Bros. , on the Mitta Mitta. This firm have bought about 2000 head in all this season, from the northern colony, and some 200 of them passed Tallangatia on Sunday. Bank Discount and Interest. — It Is understood that the Melbourne banks have practically agreed to reduce both the rates of discouut and interest, provided the Sydney banks agree. The reduction will probable be one per cent. The Scotch banks, which are usually held up as models or banking, remarks the "Herald," always allow a margin of two per cent, between what they pay for money and what they get for it. But in this colony there is always an agitation when the bank limit of profit exceeds one per cent. Marriage. — A fashionable marri-igc was celebrated in the Roman Catholic Church, Chiltern, by the Rev. Father M'Carty, on the 29 th June, the happy pair being Thomas, only sou of Mr J. Doolan, Gooramadda, to Mary Elizabeth, eldest daughter of Mr J. O'Neill, Chiltern. After the ceremony the wedding party proceeded to the resi dence of the bride's father, where a "re cherche" breakfast was sorved, after which the happy couple left, amid showers of rice, for Melbourne, where they intend spending 'heir li neyinoon. The wedding presents were bo h numerous and costiv. Mining at Bethanga.— The Bc-thance correspondent of the Upper .Murray "Herold" writes :'— I notice it is reported in Saturday's "Age" that operations have 'ieen suspended at the Wallace- Bethanga Company's mine. This I am happy "to say is not the case, and the Lord forbid that it should be. Thc report is entirely incorrect. There are ch>se on 600 siuls dependent on the company, and if the works were stopped, even if only for a short time, great hardship would be caused. New Trial. —A new trial was on Thurs day ordered by the Full Court in the case of Yagg v Bright. William Henry Va»g storekeeper, of Tungamah, acted as the agent for Gib'ns, Bright and Co. iu buyino- wheat, and was prosecuted by them on a charge of larceny as ti bailee. The case was dismissed, and Yagg brought an action for malicious prosecution. An Infant's Body Found in a Fire.— On Thursday morning the body of a newly born infant was found in a fire in the back yard of a boarding-liouse known as Wilkinson's dining-rcoms, at Numurkah. The police wore at once communicated with, and ascertained that a young ciri named Emily Williams, alias Johnston, had given birth to a child at about 4 o'clock that morning, and wa3 attended by a woman named Mrs Gherardin. The woman had placed the body in. the fire, as she did not think it was sufficiently de veloped to be worthy of mention. Tile girl came from Shepparton about a month ago. Dr Stacpoole took the charred re mains on Thursday afternoon to make an examination for the purpose of deciding whether the child breathed or not. 'The police meantime have both women under surveillanco. Football. — The Beechworth football team journey to Milawa, this afternoon to try conclusions with the Oxlev club. The Beechworth team .will be chosen from the following :— Pagev(capt.),, Ansel), Haimes, Dobie, Perry, Harper, Rielly, O'Brien, Todd, Bray (2), Mateer, Murray, Ingram, Ohannon, Bundle, Cook, Jackson,. Nolan, McGregor, O'Rafferty," Lee, Porritt (2), Fyfe, Yoxall : and Conlon. The. players are requested to: meet -the drags at Post- office atT2 o'clock sharp.':! The Albury LanDtOffice.— The public indignation in .Albury ."with regard to the changes in the'land-office is somewhat appeased by a telegfhtn; from the Minister for Lands received oh; Wednesday, stating that the district surveyor, Mr Woods, and a staff sufficient to r attend to the require- ments or selectors, will be allowed to re main in iAlbury. The .council, however, intend strenuously opposing the removal of the draftsmen to Wagga- A Coincident. .— .Yesterday -afternoon the Chinese Commissioners'1' arrivAd in Beechworth, and'at the Bame time spine bf the best |valnevinidrapery, consigned to one. of the leadih'g/drapersv 'ra?thjj"vtb'wn, wiis opened up, consisting of special lines in dress niaterials, ulsters, gent's hats and searfs, shJaeting-,7ind::lfoisery,:;-'-thev; 'are now on sale at J. P. Wilson's, o Camp- street, v iQtqndingqrehMenjshjrainiske an early selection, othefwise/the CommisT 'sioners may' buy "up the jlotTto 'thke Ihe'tn back to Cijiha.— , 