; Night Prowlers in the British : - ??? Isles. ' ? Almost all tho nativo animals of prey hunt try night. Tho wild cat in particular does bo. 'It haunts tho eides of rivers and lochs in hops of a meal on eomo disahled fowl or fish. We Lnvo seen its tracks next morning in such localities as tlio sandbanks of Loch Craigio in Sutherland. Even in tins' largo county tho wild cat is not a very common animal. Uaino preservers almost universally set a prioo upon its head, as it is a moat destructive creature. Tho badger, again, tho last surviving mombor ' among us of tho boar family, is almost wholly ' a nocturnal animal. Boots aud succulent stems 1 f 01 m the staple of its food, although it cannot be absolved irom a fondness f Jr oggs. Frogs, insects, and honey are also much to its mind. Mr. A. Ellis, who has carefully studied badgers, writes that they caress each other in | tlio same grotesque manner aB tho boar, whilo ; whilo they gambol and play, and at times they i ut'.er a ory to loud us to startle anyono ! ignorant of its source. It is not unliko tho chatter of the stoat, but many times louder. On fine evenings wo can watch them, dreas their fur-like coats, or do kind offices for oach othor, | and search for parasites after tho mnniier of i monkeys. No creature is nioro cleanly in its habits. Over their earth hangs a birch tree, . from which grows a horizontal bough 18 inches from the- ground. On this they scrape their feet in diity weather.' I''oxc3 and badgers dwell together in amity. Indeed, foxhuntcrs like to have badgers in. their covert, as they make earths for what is reputed tho nobler ? animal. Badgers arc not much seen, being j very timid, and ought to bo always protected, partly from their singular habits, partly from their barnlessness. Luckily its own nocturnal habits protect the badger from persecution. Gilbert White was an enthusiastic and trust worthy observer of Nature, but ho was not fond of rambling by night. He might indeed ' fling a ballad to the moon ' from tho inside of his window, but to threud tlio wot fields during the dark held out no inducement to his home-loving nature. We can fancy hiin night after night writing those admirable letters to Barrington or Pennant, or copying out his diurnal observations upon the hirundiuidie, his favourito family of birds, in that little chamber which is still shown to tho pilgrim at Selborne; but he would have dreaded the dark vapours and been unwilling to break in upon hia set tled hours of repose had a brother naturalist invited him to a nocturnal walk. How dif ferent was it with Edward, tho Scotch naturalist ! Night, ebpeciully from opening summer to tho end of August, waB his beat ' time for observation. Many were the crea tures and their singular habits with which he thus made acquaintance. ' During that Eombro time,' says Mr. Smiles, ' when not asleep, he teldora failed to hear the sounds or voices, near or at a distance, of midnight wan derers prowling about. In the course of a few years ho learnt to know all tho beasts and birds of the district frequonted by him. He know tho former by their noises and greetings, and the hitter by the Bound of- their wings when flying. Although ho contrived to make him self acquainted with objects of many of these midnight cries and noises, others coat him n great dta'. of time and labour as well as some dexterous manoeuvring.' Tho recital of his experiences is very strik ing. In them tho doggeduess of tho man who is determined to nequiro knowledge ia conspi cuous. Ho found that night-wuuderers were invuiiably more numerous during tho earlier part of tho year, aud soon learnt to discriminate between the bark of the red deer as it wandered at night, and the bleak- bleak of the hare while feeding. Rabbits, ho discovered, wero not to SU' ??!?nt' ''glit roomers. Among tho animals oi iruiy nocturnal habits are uie iox, ui? ottor, tho polccut, stoat, and weasel, the hedgehog, the rat, aud almost the whole family of mico. 'All theEO animals, like the deer and tho hare, have their peculiar and individual calls, ?which they utter at night.' Tho weasel family are not pleasant creatures to mako acquaintance with in the darkness. They are bold, fearless, and vicious, and thought nothing of attacking Edward whilo he was lying down and Jhoping that sleep would visit his tired eyelids. The otter is much more often out of tho wator than in it at night. The bat feeds chiefly on day insects which have not gono to their night's retirement. Indeed, most readers muBt have noticed tho bat abroad in dull but warm days of winter quite early in the after noon. Homer was a capital observer. Ho had noticed the shrill his.-ing of this creature, and beautifully attributes their thin orieB to the voiees of the ghosts in Hades. Tho rook, Edward noticed (as have many others who have lived near a rookery), is often very noisy during the nights of summer. TLo hedgehog begins his travels at dusk, and makes a curious grunting noise aB it almost silently forces Us way through tho Iubu grass of summer. In winter it iB, of course, fast asleep under a heap of leaves at the foot of ' come tree, where the warm spring Bunshiro may fall upon it and awake it to new life. No creaturo is moro easily observed than the hedge hog.- All tho naturalist has to do is to stand perfectly still. The harmless creature will then often walk within a yard of him before he sus pects an enemy, or rather a human being, for no naturalist, no humane person would over harm a hedgehog. The otter is most usuully seen in the moonlight. Ho, too, by day coUa himself up in some favourito ditch or drain. The dormouse is another nocturnal rambler, very seldom seen because of its small size, but doubtless killed frequently by owls. It finds . prcteotion in thick hedges, ju6t as pigeons atd other birds when pursued by hawks always make for trees and hedgerows, as they know that their enen»y dare not run thorivk of injur ing hiB wing feathers among the twigs. These remarks may show tho wanderer during the hours of darkness that if he be a naturalist he will find plenty to note above and around him. Some of the pleusantest and moat profitable- hours which wo havo spent at night havo thus been n'hiled away by tho crieB and sights of birds and quadrupeds ; and- many a long milo has been shortened by the absorbing occupation of thus noticing the ways of our nocturnal prowlers. They love the country, and none else, who seek ? For their own Bake its silence and its shade Delights which who would leave that bus a heart Susctptible of pity, or a mind Cultured and eapublo of sober thoiiRlita. — Cowper, ' The Tusk,' HI. Wild lifo is everywhere, often most abundant at night where least suspected. Thus tho lover of nature may both by day and night, if he ? will, be among his friends. And tho moro ho knows of them tho moro ho will find still . remains to be known. Curious contrivance and . prodigality of beauty are everywhere Nature's outward expression. — M. G. Watkins, . in tho 41 Gentleman's Magazine.' 