turf topics and anticipations. Bx Asjiodeus. Tlio Victoria Amateur Turf Club were favored ou Saturday with a fairly numerous atten dance, good fields and some intorosting racing, and therefore it followed that tho Caulfleld May meeting was a succoss. Speculation onenod very mildly on tho Trial Handicap, which evidently presented a problem too pro found for baokers generally to unravel, and though Honora pulled tho books through iu most oasos unscathed, their winuiugs, as a rule, wore inoonsiderablo. The defeat of Dufforin and The Levito being followed by the downfall of such pronounced favorites as Huntsman, Atlas, Ringmaster and Rosowood, with others which wero well supported, the ring at tho close of the day must havo had con siderably tho best of the deal In tho opening event Duiterin and The Levito were in almost equal favor, though tho former had perhaps tho more numerous followiug. Captain Haimes'a ooltbouyod up the hopes of his supporters almost from end to endi but the erratic South Australian was never dangerous. Willinm Tell, under his 10 et burden and on hoavy going, by no means dis graced his'reputation, rnnning in a prominent position throughout, but when once Rammage loosened Honora's head tho other 17 might as well havo pulled up. The victory of tho Mor- dialloc maro was accomplished with ridiculous ease, and it will bo interesting to know how many more handicaps this daughter of Haw- thornden may win before emerging from the middle weight division. Nobody grudges au owner like Mr. IVhittingham bis fre quent victories, but cortaiu it is that his smart littlo maro has had success literally thrust upon her, and it ia not surprising that less favored owners indulge in an occasional growl at tho vagaries of hnndicappars. Whalebone accomplished his victory in the HurdleRace with almost equaloase, foralthough ISO yards from homo Roy made a determined endeavor to repeat hiB Sale victory over the consistent son of old Swordflsb, Williams had soarcely to move on the lattor to bring Uim homo a comfortable winner. Huntsman again disappointed a numorous body of supporters who naturally followed the Ballarat lead, and though the favorite, as usual whon fancied by his party, ran into a place, I have lost (ailh in his ability to pace with anything good iu tho final pinch. Those who had boon induced to rush on to tbe Queensland horse Friction, were left lamenting, as after these inconsiderate persons had accepted 4 to 1, they had the pleasure of hearing "eights" offered without leading to business. Everybody, I think, admits that Friction's northern running entitled him to more than 9 st. 7 lb., but ho is not the first horse that has failed amongst our cracks with two or threo stono less than they have successfully carried iu inferior company ; and thoee who were foolishly induced to rush in on Saturday wiil next time, probably, exercise a little more discretion. Stafford, or rather Fidde3, cleverly landed the odds laid on Mr. Maitland's gelding for tho Selling Raco, though with a less accomplished horseman on tho favorite Success might have justified his name, for it was only by a splendidly timed run that Stafford got homo hy a neck. The popular goramum jacket of Mr. J. Gv Reid has been out of luck since Gadfly's Bracelet victory, and iu this race, with two starters in a field of five, he was only just able to get a place, tho barren honor fnlliog to The Gho.st, who, though ho gallops in his old determined way in taking a preliminary, seems to have lost his pace. The withdrawal of Lady Ashton left exactly a dozen in the Steeplechase, and the form shown by Atlas on his previous appearanco at Oaul- field naturally installed him as favorite. Fer guson, however, had the greatest difficulty in keeping him on his feet, and, striking continu ally, his chance was extiuguished before half the race was over. In withdrawing the top woight, Mr. Pearson had trusted to a good ouo in Royal Oak, who was well ridden by Oupitt, fenced admirably and won at the end cloverely by a length. Ruby ran tho good game mare she has always been, and since taking to tho big fences she has certainly no causa to be grateful to the handicappcrs, who have in her case strictly followed tho Admiral's diotura and handicapped on " best form." Promotion finished withia a head of Ruby, Corrigan thus occupying third place in each of the jnmping races." As' soon as tho money went on to Ring master in earnest ho jumped to first favorite, although the reoent success whioh has attended Cracknoll on Bosmond caused Jellett's colt to press tlie " slippery" son of First King closely. The hurdle racer Encore demoralised the field at tho post by his bad behavior, and tbo result of a long wait was that Bosmond got off very badly, whilst Achmet, Ringmaster and Menotti slipped away in front. Moore always had the fpvorite in a good position, and probably depended on Menotti coming back ; but -the latter, when the crucial tost came, proved to bo a worthy son of his famous sire aud equally illustrious dam, and stayed long enough ' to defeat the terrific runs of both Motoor and Ringmaster, though tbero was little jpore than a head botweon first and third. Dick Swivellor, a smart eon of Mr. Lloyd's old favonto Swivellor, wound up a capital day's racing by defeating Albert Loddon, Rosewood and others in the Two-year-Old Plate, for which I understand, ho had boon specially brought from tlio country. It was hard lines for Captain Haimes to run second in the first and last ovc-nts, but lho owners of Dick Swtvellcr made no secret of tho colt's ability to win, and as ho was in front nearly all tho way their confidence was evidently well jus tified. Tho oablo brings news that my old friend Bondigo, whom I soleoted to win tbe Eclipso "Stakes, of 10,000 govs., has added the Jubilee' Stakes to bis list of viotorios. Tho last named event was run for at Kampton Park on Satur day, ovor a mile of ground. It was a handicap of 3000 aovg., by subscription of 10 guineas each if declared, if left in a f nrthor subscription of 20 guineas, with an additional 20 guineas for starters. There were originally 78 subscribers, 33 of whom paid 10 guineas forfoit. That Bendigo's more recent triumph will take pre- oedeuco over all his previous performances, brilliant though they he, may bo judged from tbo faot that his viotory was aohieved under the maximum impost of 9 st. 7 lb., thus con ceding tho wholesale allowance of 4 st. to tho more leniently treated of his opponents. Mart- ley, 3 years, 0 st, 12 lb., gained second place, with Tyrone, 4 years, 7 st. 9 lb., third. Tho latest quotation against tho winner was 10 to 1. Bondigo, by Bon Battle— Hasty Girl, is owned by the; well known Loudon brewer, Mr. n. T. Barclay, and ia trained by Jousiffe. Ho is 7 years old, aud, 60 far as I can ascertain, did not run as a 2-year old. At 3 years, howover, he oreated ono of tho sensations of tho year, winning the Cambridgeshire, for which he started at 50 to 1, and beating, amongst 23 others, Mr. W. A. Long's Tonans, who ran second, and Medians, who started at 7 to 4 and ran third. From that time until the next New market October meeting be ran twice un- plaood in handicaps, but in 1884 very nearly repeated bis 3-year-old triumph by running Florence to a head for the Cambridgeshire, nearly spoiling Mr. Jack Hammond's big double, St. Gatien (Florence's stable com panion) having won tho Cosarcwitch earlier in the month. It was, howevor, Bendigo's 5-year- old running that, in my opinon, showed him to bo as good a horse up to a certain distance as even St. Gatien. He only started threo times at 5 years, with the following results : — Won tho Lincolnshire Handicap, carrying 8 st. 51b. and beating a splendid field, including Mac- heath, Bird of Freedom, St. Blaise, Blue Grass, Sweetbread, Despair, MacMnbon, Toast- master and several others, and also won tho valuable Hardwicke Stakes very easily by fonr lengths. His crowning triumph up to that period, however, was in the Cambridgeshire of 1885, for which raco ho faced tbo starter for tho third time, having previously run oneo first andonco second. As overybody knows, tho flying French filly, Flaisanterie, ran away with the race, but Bendigo (9 st. 8 lb.) ran second, defeating 25 others, including St. Gatien, who was only conceding him 2 lb. , and who started a red hot favorite at 2 to 1 and finished fifth, the race boing run in nearly 6 see. lees time than when Bendigo with 6 st. 101b, won it as a 3-year-old. The fact of 45 horses declining to pay forfeit for the Royal Stakes and 42 surviving the same ordeal m the Queen's Birthday Cup, omens favorably for the fields likely to dispute the two principal events at Randwick on the 24th inst. The Victorian horses which have retired from the Royal Stakes are Mozart, New Fashion, Chicago and Master John, while Hog manay, Bonnie Doon and Sunshade still remain in. In the Queen's Birthday Cap Ringmaster, Bohemian, Ben Bolt, All Gold and Emerald, are among those who have not dropped out, so that there is every prospect o£ this colony having a fair stake at issue at tho approaching mooting across the border. Tho Victorians will, however, meet with strong opposition from the local contingent, and perhaps it would bo too much to anticipate a viotory in either of the ovents named. Honey- dew and Spade Guinea having retired, Abner is left at the head of affairs in the short distance race, and he has proved himself cuch a great horse ovor the journey that he willtake a lot of beating even with 9 St. 5 lb. in the saddle. I prefer him to Hogmanay, 8 st. 10 lb. , who will, I fancy, also be held Bafo by the New Zealand mare Mitraillouse, 8 st. 8 lb., who has been very idle since I selected her to win tbe Bourke Handicap. It is, nevertheless, improbable that the Maorilander will tarry in the sister colony to no pur pose. Mr. Long is represented by Cross fire, in addition to Abner and Yellow Jacket, and tho selected of tho trio will command becoming respect on the day. If he proves in the vein, Blairgowrie will require to be reckonod with at 8 st. 2 lb., this being 4 lb. loss than he carried in the Newmarket Handi cap. There has been such a long standing threat on the part of Bonnie Doon that people have grown well nigh tired of looking forward to tho fulfilment of the same. There can be no denying the fact that she is well handioappod at 7 st. 3 lb., and if Fonisham finally decides to taks her ovor she may prove worth follow ing. On all preceding occasions she has gone amiss just as Foulsham expected her to dis tinguish herself. The Caulfleld trainer has been so frequently disappointed In thiB respect that nobody will begrudge him a victory with tho unlucky chestnut. Sunshade, 6 st. 31b., should also stem a long tide of ill luck, ex perienced by her owner, provided she can be brough back to her spring form, whioh is doubtful. Yetman, 6 St. 12 lb., and Deva, 6 st., are also favorably positioned, and per haps ono or the other may prove equal to over throwing the older division. Tho Queen's Birthday Cup has always been a difficult race to pick, and, I faff to know that Mr. Scarr has rendered matters easier than on previous occasions. Tom Brown can bo depended upon to ran a good raco with 9 st, and in his host form ho should bo capable of conceding 5 lb. to Ring master. I would also look to The Jewel to silence. tho last named at level terms, but at the weights Crossfire, 7 st 111b., may bo preferable to either. I entertain a notion, however, that the last named will not be oherry ripe until tho spring, when I fully expect to seo her win one or more of tho important handioaps to be decided in this or tho adjoining colony. Possibly Yellow Jackot, 7 st 12 lb., will bo selected for dnty on tho approaoh- ing occasion, in which case ho can he rolied on to worthily acquit himself. Blair gowrie, Invader, and Sorella are all niooly weighted at 7 st. 2 lb., and lower down Emorald 6 st 12 lb., Lanoor G st. 12 lb., and Gipsy's Warning G st. 7 lb., stand out from the others. No littlo surprise was caused to those who presume to belong to the cognoscenti as Meteor was soen to just " do" Ringmaster in the Glen- huntly Handicap, eaoh making a bold but unsuccessful attempt to catoli Menotti. The respeotivo stables are not generally supposed to run counter to each other, and with Ring master first farorito, and Meteor a comparative" outsider, nothing appeared less probable than that Meteor should boat Ringmaster on the post. The ways of stables are, however, not always cloarly apparent, even to those who think they know, and it may be that, as tho golden result of Ringmaster's Place Handicap viotory at Randwiok waa confinod to a circumscribed coterie, Meteor at Caulfleld was intended as a woll piokled rod for purposes of retaliation by tboso who at Randwick might have been loft out in the cold in favor of a Sydnoy leviathan. But for the gameness with whioh Sir William Clarko's colt hung on to tho load tho revenge of tho Kingston party would havo boon complete, but as it turned out Monotti, by tho length of just half his good look ing hoad, upsot the arrangement, and tho defeated Ringmaster party had at least the satisfaction of knowing that Motcor's exhibition of form had failed to rako in more than the 40 sovs. given by tho club to tha second horset This afternoon raoing will be provided at Moonea Voile v. on which oonrso several im- portant improvements, have Leon executed since tho last mooting, and which will meet with due appreciation from thoso for whoso benefit they have heen carried ont. The course and its pleasant surroundings never appeared to greater advantage, and as tho programme of events presents a well filled appearance, it only roquires tho assistance of tho weather to render the meeting thoroughly enjoyable in every particular. Racing will commence with tha Maiden Selling Race, which may bo won by Brinkman, with'. Bugler as at attendant, la the West Bourko Handicap it would not sur prise me to seo Branchiopoda turn tho tido of affairs in favor of Mr. S. Gardiner, whose purple jnckot and gold cap have never oner beou seen to tho fore this season. Next ts Branchiopoda, Sunshade and Agatha imprest mo as being a nicely handicapped pair. Of tho 23 candidates for tho Hurdle Race, I like Sir John Moore, Whisperer and Clarendon in the order named. The Charmor is fairly turned loose in the May Handicap at 7 St. 7 lb. , and it is only in the event oi hor not putting in an appearance that I would look to Surprise or Snip to provide tho winner. Stafford, Surprise and Sorcerer should fill the places in the Selling Rnce, and "Vaecosa or Fair Saxon may prove victorious in the Broadmeadows Handicap. It is stated in Sydney that a recent noblo visitor to that city laid Lord Carrington £10,000 to £100 that Mr. James'White would not win tho Epsom Derby inside 10 years. Tha report may or may not bo true, but the wager is not an unreasonable one on either side, although th6 figures are, in my opinion, favor able to the taker of the odds. Even against tha two youngsters foaled last January and intended to compete at Epsom in 1890, a hundred to one "couplod" would ba a pretty fair prica whon once thoy reach (if they ever do) English shores. Should Mr. Whit'es first attempt in England, which as I recently pointed out has eo far been attended by bad luck, prove unsuccess- ful, he will no doubt remember how long ha was trying to win a Champion Race, and by continued perseverance may possibly meet with similar success at Epsom to that whioh he ultimately achieved at Flemington with Match- look. It is certainly not unreasonable to sup pose that either Chester, Martini-Henry or Tri dent had they been engaged in tho Epsom Derby of their respective years might have sprung a surprise on John Buff, although some of our recent English visitors would doubtless smile at such a pre sumptive suggestion. Tho same Yisitors have had a staggerer or two before now, how ever, though the inclination to sneer at anything outside the dear lit tie island is still unrestrained. I have, on a previous oooaeion, alluded to the countless difficulties which must meet the master of Kirkham in his enterprising endea vor, but those awfelly Merer Englishmen who ridicalo the mero idea of the Epsom Blue Riband coming to Australia would not be un wise to remember the unexpected feats per formed by Murdoch, Oortis, Spofforth, Trickett, Beach and Laycook 'on the land and water ot Old England, and " 'waro White." The Melbourne Hunt Club entries closed 01 Monday, and whilst generally satisfactory twf of the events— the Hnrdle Raoe and Birthday Handicap — have filled far beyond expectation, tbo former race having attracted 30 and the latter no less than 62. A glance at tho offioial list disolosss tho faot that quality as well as quantity will be well represented, the Hurdle Raoe entries including Lothair, Glenduart, Aristides, Vanderbilt, Moolgai, Re venge, Marron, Ace, Enoore, Spartan, Roy, Trent and The Ghost. Amongst tho 13bngaged in the Selling Raoe are sach flyers as Stafford, Umbra and Soroerer, and though the Steeple chase entry of 14 is disappointing, there will be no lack of a good field -should Lady Ashton, Ruby, Bob Coopor, Kulkyne, Royal Oak, The Irishman and Promotion 1 come to tho post. The Birthday Handicap list is full of winning talent, includlngWilliatn Tell, TheLevito, Menotti, TheNun, Vision, Damooles, Julian Grey, Tho Forsaken, Honora, Gadfly, Casuist, Surprise, Jocular, Sunshade and others suifioient to ensure a good contest over the Newmarket Handioap course, and the Sell ing Hurdle Race closed with 15 entries. Tho weights are te be declared on Monday, the 16th inst., therefore I shall doal with the anticipa tion of resnlts next week. Mr. Haydon has every reason to be satisfied with the entries received for the Eisternwiok Park mooting to be held on the 21st inst. The Maiden Plato has induced 23 to entor, and owners are evidently well disposed to- the chances of hurdle racing, the small sticks con test having attracted 34. There are 33 engaged in the Victoria Handicap, including a large proportion of good performers. The Selling Steeplechase has 12, the Handioap Trot 39, the BoUiog Fiat Raoa 6 and' the Eisternwiok Park Handioap 30. The weights for this meotinrare also dne on Monday next. - Boort general entries and acceptanaes close to-day, and similar businoss requires attention in connection with tho Ivanhoe (N.S.W.) meeting. Victorian stables aro well represented in the Sydney Tattersall's Grand National entries, amongst which I notico tbo names of Hazard, Glenduart, The Irishman, Studley, Spartan, Viotor, Goodwood and Vanderbilt in tho G. N. Hurdle Race ; Kenneth, Hogmanay, Lando and Bonnio Doon in tho Flying Handioap ; Mormion, Sweetmeat, Tho Irishman, Studley, Pheno menon, Goodwood and Wymlet in tho G. N. Steeplechase ; and Bohemian and Bonnie Doon in the Winter Stakes. Tho meeting, which is to bo hold .at Randwick on tho 4th of June, should ho more than usually interesting on account of the intercolonial nature of: the various contests. Robert Batty, tho woll known steeplechase rider and tralnor, met with a most unfortunate accident on Sandajr through tho bursting oi a sodawator bottle, ono of bin eyos being so badly cut by the broken glass that it ia feared tho sight has been permanently destroyed. Batty, I am told, bore his injury manfully, and soino time after tho ooonrrenca remarked to a follow knight of tho pigskin,, who callod to ex- orass his sympathy, " They'll be able to get up . .J"' . ; to. the blind side of mo now." Should thb light nofc bo restored, Batty will feel the. loss : ihore severely on account of having recently 'taken to pigeon shooting, a sport at which bo bas in a remarkably short time developed ex- . traordinary. proficiency. I need hardly say ' 'that the injured jockey has the sympathy of a -large circle of friends, who have always ad- 'mired his'blunt straightforwardness and ex- < -ceptional skill. Elsewhere will be found particulars of the \- 'programme which will ongage attention at Caulfield on 25th June. Thoevonts enumerated therein ore the Handicap Hurdle Race, of 150 \- - aovs. added to a sweopstakos of 3 sovs. .each ; -the Victoria Gold Cup, value 100 sovs. (a han dicap steeplechase) ; the Ladies' Trophy, value 100 sovs. ; Open Steeplechaso, of 200 sovs., : added to a sweepstake of 3 sovs. each ; and the Richmond Handicap, of 100 sovs. Nomina tions close at 4 p.m. on Monday, 13th Juno, and the weights will appear on Monday, 20th June. The tempting offers of Victorian gold made for the two- year-old colt Silverton, by The Assyrian — -Silverlhroad, have at last proved irresistible; and the Tasmanian candidate for . -the Victorian Derby has been sold to Mr. Wil liam Bailey, of Ballarat. ' Merlin, of the Tas manian, says that Jamos Scobie, who was deputed- by Mr. Bailey to take delivery of the colt, was delighted with his appearance. The i i-prioe paid for Silverton was £800, to be sup- plemented by a further sum of £200 contin- -gent upon his winning the Victoria Derby. 'Everybody will wish Mr. Bailey better luck than he had with anotbor Tasmanian, the -grand looking Stockwell, brother to Malua, and very probably - the lattdr's equal, whose untimely death, however, loft this an open Question for ever. During "the' settlement 'of wagers over 4ho Rosehill Bulli Belief Fund meeting, a \- pood deal of genuine wagering was done On - the Sydney Turf . Club Royal Stakes, which promises to be a great medium for speculation. Plutarch was most in request, £3000 being written in -his favor at' 100 to 5 and 6, and similar -business was done in connection with Mitrail- laupA IrtA fn R-frt wJr» WAA tnlrATl fijicll felairgowrie," Abnor and Straight Shot Aristo crat, Centaur and Deva each had friends for about £1500, at the same figure. _ Mitrailleuse and The Jovrci, Mitrailleuso and Keith, and B lutaroh coupled with the same were the fancy selections in doubles at 1000 to 10. The Sydney Turf Ciub have received splendid acceptances for. the Royal Stake9 and Queen's -Birthday Cup, to be run at Randwiok on the -24th insr. ,45 beiug left in the ehort race and -42 in the Cap. In tho Hurdle Race to be run at the same meeting this colony is represented by- Goodwood, The Irishman, Spartan and ' Glenduart.ahdin the Steeplechase by Marmion, -Goodwood. Irishman, Marquis of IVaterford, \- Btudley, Sweetmeat and Wymlet. The day's raciug for amateurs to hs held at \- Randwiok on the 28th inst., under the auspices bi the Sydney Turf Club,- is likely to be a great; 0UCOS88, as I note that 40 have entered for the Flying Handicap, 21 for the Amateur Cup, 30 foi the Ladies' Bracelet, 30 for tho Veteran IStakes, and 12 for the Corinthian Cup. The Queensland Racing Calendar lot May is' 'to hand, containing a record of racing in the : Northern colony during last month, pro- .jgrammes of meetings to come, and other mat- tors pertaining to the turf. Bookmaking in "Queensland is apparently conducted with loss competition than any other industry in the . colonies, the registered bookmakers numbering iwelee, whilst tho Y.R.O. list contains the names M two hundred and ninetyrone. Mr. T. Haydon notifios that all riders or drivers in the Elsternwick Fark Trot nest Saturday must bo dressed in jockey costume. ' .The committee of the Victorian Trotting Club -|iave granted the use of the Elstornwick course for the trotting match for 200 sovs. , one mile, -between Mr. J. Leek's pony All Fours- and -Mr. B. Davis's Dolly (U.S.W;), which takes qplace on Saturday, the 21st inst. The well known trainor and driverof trotting diorscj, A. Mulholland, died at Elsternwick on -the 6th inst. The deceased, who passed his novitiate in tho homo of trotting, the United States, was well and favorably known to iiabituds of the (rack in this colony, aud at Elsternwick especially, where he lived in closo proximity to the course, his familiar figure will ibe missed by a large number of friends. It was (generally admitted in trotting circles that no oolonial driver could manage a horse more skil fully than Mulholland, who died after a short -illness from general weakness of the system. Starting borses in front of posts and at wrong distanoes is not confined to olthor Rand wiok or Melbourno, for the mail brings news -of a similar'c&so; to the Molton inoldent, which -Recently oocurred over the Northamptonshire Bhire Stakes. The race wa9 ran at the proper time, and Middlethorpe won. The distance is dssorlbecl as about a mile and throe-quarters. -A quibble arose as to tho distance being incor- reotly measured, nnd on a rough survey being instituted, it was found to bo SS0 yards too long. This was held to bo outside the. limit of the about one milo and tbroo-quarters, and the raco was ordered to berunover again, bets to stand. . .The result was that Middlethorpe again came in .first. How are the mighty fallen ! Favo, who thrco pears ago won. the Sydnoy Cup, beating a field . .of 20, containing such celebrities as Lo Grand, .Martini-Hsnry, Morpeth, Pell Mel I, Sardonyx, (Sweet William, First Demon and Normanby '(who won the same race in in the following (rear), ran last in a field of five for (hs Selling Race at Caulfield on Saturday. Tho death is announced of tho well known /English sire The Miser, and the causo of his sudden demise was stone in the bladder. He . .dropped down dead while at exorcise, having covered a Bend Or maro just previously. He. .was purchased as a foal for 120 guioeas, and Jnjured himself badly as a yearling in jumping £ fence, and consnquentiy could not be trained. He was brod by the late Lord Ailesbury in 1877, nd was got by Hermit out of La Belio Iftiltao, by St. Albans out of Toterrima, by Voltigeur, I and showed very great promise at tiie. atud, in fact, just before the departure of tho mail Vol cano, one of his offspring, won the Brocklesby Stakes at Lincoln,-, and another two-year-old, oilled Golden Love, was successful at Liver pool. . The postponement of tho Mordialloe .meeting from tho 30th ult. to Thursday last turned out most unfortunately for Mr. Bradslraw, as the meeting, was held in bleak and miserable weather accompanied by rain, which turned the whole place into a morass and contributed to the general discomfortof all present. Crown Brand won tho Trial Stakes, followed by Brink- man and Fly;ng Fish ; and tho places in tho Hurdlo Race were filled by Landseor, Norman and Sir Johu Moore. St. Michael heat Miss Jessie and Frattlcr. cleverly in the Richfield Stakes, and Carnival easily beat nine others in tho Selling . Race, including Mertonn and Leporello, who were second and third. Agatha just won the Mordialloe Handicap, beatiug Crown Brand literally on tho post, Miss Jessie being third. In tho Youthful Stakes Carnival repeated her previous victory, beating St. Michael and Frot09 Grand. Mr. Bradshaw hail the bad luck to inako nothing out of tho Selling Race, as Carnival was bought in at the upset price, and Loporello, on being claimed, only cost his owner £1 to keep him. Opio was fined £5 for not going to tho post for the Hurdle Race after weighing out for Hector. At the Paris spring meeting tho police wore present in forao, and several arrests wore mado in tho ring. Among those to secure tho atten tion of the police was Mr. " Johnnie" Gideon, who was "runin;" aftor tho second race, and detained until the end of the day, and the sum of £200 found ou him was confiscated for tho poor. Beforo tiio dcoision of the Prix du Cadran " Dicky" Gideon shared the same fate as his father, but in his case the authorities securod no money. Both of them, with others, were liberated after the races. The adverse influence exercised by the crusade against hot ting was plainly manifested in the gate money, tho receipts amounting to only 37,000 f., as compared with the 71,000 f. received on tho opening day of tho Paris spring meeting last year. 