Austrilian Tales and, Adventures. \---**----· THE TRIPLE- GOS?? ST 'By Alexandeir; Iontgomory. w" "What..d'ye think, - iough,' ofa a't?ile It was Jack Marlinn who put the qaotion, as be leant over the fence of the horne paddook at Karamilla station," one 'blazing Busdny forenoon in Deeember. - Jack--his loscal capacity of stookman to the contrary notwithstanding-was a gentleman;; there could be no doubt of that. Good'eduoac tion-good manners- good heart--butjrneo that important something which is sotersely •yelept "Deatect," ?d fe.or bnlo of whioh-to. .arry the fliuro further-the argosy 6f Jaok'o* existence had suffered greivous and repeated damage, if.not actual shipwreck. But, by a natural compensation, it is not sekldom given to these flighty souls to tnak the' world more easily than their felloweiaond thus it was that Mr. John Martin, " yarning" there, that morning, with an old blue shirt on his back and an archaic " ?abbage.t'ree" over his .good.natured coontenance, was-as cheerful as if he had not been the son of an aristocratio Lincolnshire reator, and brother to halifa.dozen high-bred young women in far.away England. It Jack was cheerful, however, his story wao not, and the smile of incredulity. upon the facesothis listeners soon gave way to'thbat look of breathless fxity which'tells of',the power of the born rre,oteur.' All thbis:was: ack, and, as I was myself one of th .liste?er, aforesaid, Ican testify that the'story mdd.a deep impression an me at tho.time. - Imiiay not likewise affect you, but at anyrsao here it '"It was six years ago," said Martin, and just after I'd had that cropper over the wire feneoo at Carmiohael's on the'Goulburn. ; As I've told you before, I waspretty well smashed up on that occasion, and ans soon as I could be moved I was sent down to the hospital in Sydney. Here I pulled round at a rate that 'astonished the doctors-who, between our. selves, don't know everything yet, and so in less than a month 1 was able to got about again pretty well. Then I bethought me of a fellow.~ho had come into a bit of money while he was working with me on Carms. habel'astattone. Either a- Swdo or._a.Nor. wegian he was-with'IIalk Bjorren for bis name.. A decidedly queer tish he was, too, but not a bad sort in the main, andso, as he and I had been pretty friendly, I thought.I'd. look him up and pay him a visit. Ikoewhis place was on the coast, and I thought a spell in the sea-air would be just the thing for me. "Well, to out matters short, another week found me about a hundred miles up to the northward, at a place called-I think Whandamo. That's something like it" any. -how; and it don't matter much, for it pas a miserable dog-hole enough -stuok. In the 'middle of a scrub.covered flat, bordered on .one side by low sandhills. Beyond these sandhills was the sea, anid, about;ar milo o'ff along the coast, Mr. Halk Bjorren was domi.' oiled in a but that looked as if it had 'been built from the timbers of a wreck;' Ai inr deed, perhaps it had, for there :had been a .good few ships driven ashore -thereabouts, from time to time, and thoWhandamo people had some curious tales about the ghosts of the drownod, and so forth. At these, of course, I laughed-but not for long I "I'm not nervous, and I'm not supersti. tious, but before a week went over my head I got the biggest fright that over befell me in my life.. "-Well, ', oasicked. Bjorren out,- and though he omittedthe trifling formality of . saying that I was welcome,' he made -mefeel it, whicl was better. Indeed, he was'a man' 'aho~neveresaid:muel:at nay tima--aslereng,. tall, lanky, long.nosed, wade.eyed ercaloro, who always suggested to me a sort of Scan. dinavian version of Lytton'e Biecabocea, and who was not without a fair share oflllicea. bocca's learning either. I know he was well read in the classics, for one thing. Indeed if it had not been for his books, I dont know what he'd have done with himeelf.. IIdidn't seem to employ himself in anything but mooning about the shore, and, as ho' didn't volunteer any information on the p~int, 1: didn't ask him any questions. " A dreary shore it wasn; nothing but sand and eorub as far as the eye could reach. Put me a good deal in mind of old Lincoloshire; but, as you may guess, I didn't like'it any the worse for that, and so for a couple of -dalys I wandered about, thinking of bid times, and trying to fancy that if I topped the and. 'hills I shouladee the npire of Linaeoln'Cathe. dral loomiog lar acroes the fens. , ' " Well, I think it was the fourth night I'd been at the place, there was a full moon. I was wandering about with Bjorren's gun on my armwhoen I saw her rising out of tho sea, like- but that's what everybody' guhees about, so I'll just let it alone. I a~ill say, though, that when she was fairly up. it was easy to see that she was no Lineolnshiro moon, or wasn't shining through Lincoln. shire air at anyrate. I was always fond of speculating about the- moon, and as I strolled slowly along, I was gazing eteadily at her big red orb, wbhen there selddenly rang out behind me a shriek so blood.curdling. that I started violently and dropped the gun into a pool of sea-water. Nor did I think opiacking it p, for when I turned round, I saw a sight that drove everything else clean out olf my head, Within aboutthrto hundred yards oe me. and running in my direction, was a woman. A ematl,'.t;sligiht. framed woman, she seemed, with long, dark clothes and naked feet, I could sat them twinkle white along the esand as abe ran. Nol --she was a tall woman, with a white dross, and what seemed to he a knife in her hand. No I I said to myself a second time wondering with a swift flash of the mind if my senses were leaving me-as I now saw no woman at all, but a man, within a hundred yards of me and still running n., A tall roughly.dressed man, with what appeared to be a tomahawk in his lft hand-I raw his face distinctly- white as death and fringed with a ragged beard that blew over his shoulder as he came. ",Helplessly I gazed at him, until when he was, or seemed to be, about fifty yards from me, he quickly shifted the tomahawk from his left hand to his right. That broke the spell 1 ' There was somelbthing so natural and human in the action that my wits came back to me in a moment, and down I stooped for the gun. I oouldn't shoot with it now. I knew, but I could uneo it as a club. Well, boys, I didn't have to use it at all. When I stood up with ilt grasped by the muzzle in both hands-the man was gone I"--and Jasck, withtrue dramatic art, came here to a dead panse and began slowly to out up tobacco. S"Gone ?" I asked. "lIun away again, do you meanol" "No, air I Gone --disappeared I-- van. ished I" "Clome, come, Jaekl" I said, laughing, ' That's the stereotyped sort of 'thing, you know I You should have finolshed things off with more originality I" ' ; " Dn't it strike you'! sald ian. gravely, that it's jsat because I'm telling the truth that I htvn't finished off, as you say, in a less stereotyped manner r > .Wre I stsaiog you as we say heretboutet, nothlnB,.would have beon easier than to glee matters a more ;original turn." "Psrhape you had some ' hard stuff'with you, and saw double?' acid Billy Anderson, the rod nosed little cook, who wasa thirsty soul, and spoke aoording to his lights. "Saw treble, you mean I" put in the store. man, who was the wit of the station " though thast', but a ,are insieuotion." -Martin bhook hisohead. "No boye,"ho said. " Strange to say, I hadn't at that time tasted any I'quororo er or ourmonths. If I wasn't downright out oi my mind for about thirty seconds-lor it all. passed in that time \- BI saw txotly what I tell you, andeoactlyas I te'l yo.' " "Wao there nothing that could have con oeal d the fi3oro?" I anktd. "Nothing. Flat as the palm of yourhand for half a mile on evcly side of moe. Dut hear me out'l" and, having lighted his pipe, Jack hitahed himoellolurthr_uanonthoe fene_ and-went on " "I cannot doacrihb to you how I felt. It seemed to me as if the whole saeon around mo had euddenly turned unreal and ghastly. The very moon seemed to have changed into some awful tbiog-oumo tearuol personality, it you understand mu-that kept glaring downwards on me as I made the beet of my way back to the but, ' Ho'reO I saw something that wasn't at all ocalculatedl to steady my ncrves. Bjorrcn was asleep, and ,epatrently dreamino-somo awful dream, by the look of him. 1is hair-very long and shaggy it was-was t-sed all about the pillow, and lie tIn was etreaming with perpiration. ItI kicked about, too, and struggled, and at last he cried out something. that made me start oneo more. ' The axe I' he said-' the tomnbawk I My God I sha's down I I went over and ahook him till he woke. ''What's the matter, old moon?' I said. 'l avo you been dreaming?' Ie sat up, shud dering and wiping the damp from his faee. ')Dreamingl' he said. 'Yes, thank God it was only'a dream '. Then, when he had come round a bit,-he told me ilia dream; and-you may believe me or not, lad, said Jack, slowly and deliberately-" but this is what he told me." " . "He thought first, he said, that he saw far hack into the cearly times of the colony,, and that three persono, a man and:two women, cocupied the very hut we were in. It seemed to be known to him at the same time that these were the sole survivors of a shipwreck, and that the man had built the hut out of. wreckage. The man, too, he reemed to know, had formed an attachment to the younger of the two women, and thus aroused the deadly jealousy of the other, who was his wife. And now, as the dreamer saw them, a quarrl arose. A quarrel which grow more and more ravage, until the Injured wife snatched up a knife and attacked her rival, who rushed aeroaming out of the hut. Aorons the moonlit sands she fled-after. her the maddened avenger with a knife, and after her in turn thefaitbless husband with a tomahawk." "Rtpidly the second gained upon the first, and the third upon both, until the hunted woman was overtaken, and threw herself down upon her knees, screaming wildly for mercy. She did not receive it l The fury with the knife flung herself upon her rival, and, holding her down by main strength-oueat her throat I It was the work of a moment, but, boleforo the murderess could rise to her feet again, the husband arrived upon the spot, and, shifting the tomahawk from his left hand to hbl right, he drove it fiercely into hieswife's skull. -'Down she wcut bsoide her victim, and lay tlinre as. motionlese-and as dead-as a log. The man, too, remained as .motionless, after he had strocl the blow, as it he had been turned into stone. For a few moments, that is; then ho flung the tume. hawk far away across the sand, and, turning round; made for the bhut like a madman. Arrived there, he lost not a moment, but, frantic with horror and remorse, climbed upon the roof, made a line last to tbohe rude chimney, and hung bimeelf 1 " Such was Bjorren's dream," went on Jack, after a panuse, "and I leave you to guess what effect it had upon me, coming after what I'd seen. And what was more, lads, when morn. Ing came we examined the outside of the chimney, and found, sure enough, a picce of rotten old quarter.inch made fast around it. the murderer hanged himself with, or it S not. You can form your own opinion; altI know is that I've described the matterexaatly as it occurred, and that I cleared out of the accursed place that very day,. As for Bljrren, concludod Jsdok, getting down off the fence to depart, " he may be there yet, for all I know. He was just the sort cf chap to suit such ghostly work, but one such fright in a life time's enough for this individual. Why, to this day, I can't bear the sight of the full moon. SThis was true enough. We had all noticed and laughed at the peculiarity in question, though whether it had its origin in the manner described is a point which I have never whatever you, reader, may do-been able to settle to my own satisfaction. A subsequent occurrence, however, induced me to think it posalble that the whole story was the morbid emanation of a brain trembling-though we know it not-on the verge of insanity. Not is this supposition invalidated by the art with which the tale was told, oinoe. It is a matter of common experience that lunatics will sometimes exhibit, in soma particular mental direction, a skill and address almost beyond the capabilities of the sane. In the month of February '75, or about fourteen months after hearing the story I have here toproduced, I was on my way. to the Wannamilla country, in Queensland, and had got as tar as Jelligap, on the Macdonald River. Just before dark, I was snioing my pipo at the door of the little hotel, when two troopers galloped into the township and polled up for a drink. Their horses showed the marks of a hard ride, and there was soon a little crowd round the hotel door, to know what was the matter. The general opinion inclined to busbrangere, and it was with some. thing like disgust that the Jelligapianelearned it was only a lunatio the troopers were after. . A man on Colonel ,Msterman's Varona station had, it appeared, suddenly gone out of his mind, ant. after flrico twice at the overseer, had mounted his hores and taken to the bush. " We're bound to have him before morning, though," sal4?one of the constables. "He was seen taking the track toDonnelly's Fork and that's as good as a rat trap to him." And so it proved. About eight next morn iong the troopers rode into the township again with the lunatic-still on his own horse, but bound andnd handouffed-between them. Some thing in the poor creature'afeeo struck me as being familiar, I went roloer. Good God I -it was Jack Martin I "Jackl" I cried. "Jaolek Martin-you know me, don't you, old fellow ?" Ho telaughed cheerfully. "Oh, yes," he said, "I know you quite well. You're the Angel Gabriel. What have you done with your wings, though? Excueo my notraisig ' my bat, but you sce"-with a glance at his bonds-" there cro serione mechanioal di1. oulties in the way I" "Whero me you taking him '" I asked the troopers. JIagistrate and doctors, first, al--then' I suppose, to Brisbane Asylum ?" And to Brisbano Asylum poor -Jack went; but ho didn't stay them long. Three weeks afterwards I was in Drleabane, and ealled to see him. " Mactini " saoid the clerk, turnlngoer the leaves of the book. " Martin, John.'Ah, hero it-isl: Admitted, 23 Februarycdled, 27th. Four days altterwards, yon.ae se." .I did see; and saw, too, that it was bettos 80o,. . '" 