LOCAL ANO GENERAL. AN Oto DODGE llemvtvius.-A friend of ours, residing not many miles from Wind sor Post Office, was waited upon one day last week by a polished individual, who, in a most plausible manner, conveyed the sur prising news that his wife knew a sister of our friend's residing in a Lindon suburb ; that his wife saw this sister two years ago in very poor circumstances-so much so that she (the plausible one's wife) lent her £10. Our friend-who, by the bye, is a man of good family connections, and his held ia several parts of the world very honourable and important positions, was considerably excited at this news-it was so new tu him to hear from a complete stranger that a very dear sister was hard up-and gave this retailer of news some encouragement to proceed further with his narrative. He did sn ; and in the course of his recital, men tioned the fact of his wife being an accom plished woman and an excellent linguist ; concluding by asking our friend for the loan of £100, and extending an invite to hts country reside&oe; away ap "on the hills whether the Himalayas, the Pyrenees, or the Australian Alps, is immaterial. Our fruvnd was feverish with a desire to know more of his sister, and to hear from the accomplished lady's own lip« more particularly ol the circumstances under which they had met in London; and he, therefore, got himself behind two well trained nags, used to climb :ng hills, and made for the direction of the plausible one's country mansion. He found it. The polished plausible one met him at the gate, and the greeting he gave the mau from the lowlands was limp and sid indeed. 41is face had not the expression of exuberant joy-hardly of welcome : it was pale green, flecked with yellow (those «ho have been in the East and have seen the first symptoms of cholera will understand the tint)-he looked as if he suffered from un maladie de foi. The fact is he aas slightly indisposed-his visitor's apparition " was so sudden and "promiscuous like." The accomplished lady was interviewed ; and receiving en couragement from a casual remark, our friend \- who, by the bye, knows more languages than most men know of their own, began a conversation in the language of Li Belle France. Madame did not, however, com prehend-her Preach was rusty-it was so many years ago since she was in " Paree" ; she could parle* vous rauch better a la Anglais. " Very well then, we'll put our French aside," said our friend, " we'll have our corrobbarre in le langue d' Espagne (it will be observed that two strangers were also pres ent, and it was on that account, as weli ns to spare the lady, that he suggested those languages in which, he had been informed, she was proficient). Alas ! matters wero even worse, for Madame couldn't get up even a ghost of a decent sentence in the sonorous, liquid language of Cervantes-a language ia which, of all others, our friend excels. It was pitiable ! and the confusion that followed was such that we had better draw the curtain over the sad 6Cene. It was a bad case of " try on," and our friend, and his two eom I panioUB, descended the hills to leveller country-too fuli to say much ; and he, at any rate, a wiser-and, let us hope, a shrewder man. At any rate, his opinion of his fellow mst) has not been greatly elevated ; and no doubt when the next polished Stranger comes along and asks him fora loan of£100 on the strength ni his wife's linguistic attain ments, he will politely, but firmly, give him a heave offering, and consign him to the abode of iuiposters and liars. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES cures Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis. Medical testimony states that no other medicine is S3 effectual in the cure of these dangerous maladies. One Lozenge alo je gives ease, one or two at bedtime ensures rest. For relieving difficulty of breathing they are invaluable. They contain no opium nor any violent drug. Sold uv all chemists, in tins, ls Hd «nd 2s 9d each". " BUCHU-PAIBA."-Quick, complete cure, all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases. Al chemists and druggists. Moses Moss& Co., Agents, Sydney. WELLS' HAIR BALSAM.-If gray, restores to original color. An elegant dressing, softens and beautifies. Ko oil nor gtease. A tonic Restorative. Stops hair earning out ; strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. r-} i J per day to be made by per -%- I TO *T" ^ "ons ot" citli'-rsex. in tiicir c^'-L A own localities, at work for 'J?. New bssiuess. Al! meet «¡til wonderful suc c..-0. Aav one can do the work. C'.ip'tal not iv.p;¡ie¿. ' We will start yea. Outfit woith £1 M.-.:leJ f.-ee. The employment is particularly GÚriptod to the region in which tb!= pu&iciUoa; eire1-linter. Boys and girls carn nearly as much aa nun. Kuli particulars lind instructions niailud tree. Now is thc time-don't delay, but write to rs oues. Adúiess- SrlNSiW ii Co, I'orttaud Manic, Uidted States. PvBiic Mei!W*o-i-S'r»ö'AT"'r SOB -Sm* WESRV PARKES.-On Tuesday evening some thing ovi-r a drjsen townsmen mei at »he Odd ' fellows' Hall, Macquarie-street, to consider « hat steps should taken to assist Sir Henty Parkes in his financial difficulties. The Mayor, Mr. Ff J, Wortley, took the chair, and prefaced the speeches in e. few, in troductory remarks. ' fhe resolutions «ere moved and seconded by Messrs. J. B. John ston, J,P.,J«hnlAñe. W. Walker, ÍW, H. Dean, Smith T. Greenwell* and lt Mck, I.V. ; and the speeches made were laudatory uf Sir Henry's charaoier and ability at a poli tician-most of the speakers dwtdjing par» ticnlarly upon tb¿ great benefit« 'bat has ac crued to the colony th ough hit Education Act, which in itself was sufficient to endear the people of the colony to him.. They ail regretted the circumstance of the Premier's affairs being such as to render it necessary for un appeal to the people ; and they be lieved that had he been less unselfish, and at tended to his own private affairs as other politicians had done, the sad spectacle of a grand old man being in mell straightened cir cumstances would not have been seen. Mr. Walker referred especially to his personal ac quaintance with Sir Henry Parkes, and the part be had taken (when a membi-r nf the Assembly) to hiing about n coalition between Sir Henry and the late Sir James Martin. He also referred to Sir Henry's Municipal and E ector d Acts ; and, although not con çut ring with much that Sir Henry hud done, he must admit that he was far and away the greatest politician we had. He was a self male maitland se f.-y'uc.tted ; and it was owing tn his force of intellect and energy tba Le had held the premier position as Australia's statesman for so many years. Thc resoluto is were-as follows:-(1) "That this meeting deeply empathises with Sir Henry Parkes in the exceptional position in which he has been placed by his unfortunate circumstances." (2) "That this meeting, considering the long and patriotic services rendered to the colony by Sir Henry Parkes, and as a national tribute to his worth, resolves to co- operate with the Central Committee in Sydney in assisting to raise a fund to relieve him from future financial anxieties." (3) " That the following gentlemen, with power to add to their number, be appointed to carry into effect the previous resolution : The M»vor, Alderman Dean, Messrs. W. Walker, J, li. Johnston, J.P., John Lane, Robert Dick, J.P., W. Primrose, W. Beard (Treas urer), and S. T, Greenwell (Secretary)." The resolutions were carried ncm. con- A vote af thanks was accorded the Mayor by ac clamation. The gentlemen present were the Moyor, Alderman Dean, Messrs, S. T. Greenwell, G. Greenwell, W. Beard, R. Dick, J.P , J. B, Johnston, J.P., J. Gallo way, John Lane, W. Howley, F. H. M. Nor ton, O. A. S. Fitzpatrick, and the reporters of thc local papers. About £30 was the amount subscribed in the room JUDGE Owen vice Judge Manning, REV. C. H. Spurgeon has withdrawn frcm the Baptist Union. . ApsiBAttAN mutton 4Jd per lb., in Lon don. Better tell it in Windsor. MR. Garrett is trying totpleose all p r ies in the matter of land. Will he do it I that's the question. Miss Clara Knight, pupil-teacher at Free ? man's Reach Public School, has been pro moted to Class 1, by examination. LADY Brassey died at sea on the 14th nltimo, at 10 22 a.m., and her body was Committed to the deep at 5*30 p.m. same day \--in latitude 15-5.0 couth, and longitude tO'45 east. MCELHONE says that if Tiger Inglis was in the Southern States of America be would be s " carpet-bagger" and " soaHawag" j ht Was a " notorious cbatacter anyhow," MR.. Herbert Gladstone. M.P., told some Scotch people, th» other day, that the Gov. rrnment had given \|je Irish people jusi cause for H.revolution.. IT is said that five millions of n*nev ])v changed hands over thc Melbourne' çUp, 85 OOO persons were present on the occas.,,, nf Duntop's win. A Sydr.ey policemar named Jones (r.ot Brown this, time-no Moriarty), drew Dunlop, and thereby woi *4,500. He has retired from the u foorce." Sm Henry Parkes asked for £7,000 for i big Centennial banquet, backed up by »a ex hibition of live stock, aad a regatta (just ti take the down off). He got k- 48-agreeing *ithhim, and only 7 against ^ Hie gloriou minority being Messrs. Chanter, Creer Levien, Fitzïerald, Abbott, Lakeman Gormley-all honour to these brave men wi say, also to those who paired against, Messrs Melville, Walker, Toohey, and fletcher. . CRICKET.-The first mitch played by Mt V egon's team of Encüshmen ir. the colonie proved a victory for thîrn : Vernon's E evei -1st innings 104, 2nd 304, total 408 South Australians- 1st U8, 2nd 203, tots 324\. The highest scores were Giffen (S.A. 81, Abel (Eng.) 93. " LIEUTENANT Charles Septimus Guest t ht captain of the Richmond corps. Sernn Lieutenant D<vid Mitchell to he Firi Lieutenant....Mr. William Finlay McMahoi telegraph messenger at Windsor, to V operator at Denilrquin."-Government Gazet CONTRACTS.-James McMahon, contrai lo, cutting np Colo Rock, £305. WiHim Leah, mid mund Gasper's Ro.ck at U|>|>< Colo,'£224 Ss. Mn. Tem Walker's little bill fer the abo ition r f dieren; for rent was, as a matter < cours*-, dofer. ei. Mr. Wise said it nl»a; had b-cn s \ and must be so. Propputl must bi protected, you know I 