Opening of Vacy Church. Thursday last was a red letter day in the village of Vacy, when was completed a work that, owing to the very wet weather that had been experienced has been long delayed, namely the completion of of the new church. For many years the inhabitants of Vacy have worshipped in a wooden structure which had become far behind what was considered suitable in the present times, and efforts were made to erect a building more in accordance with the purposes for which it was used. We have now to record the entire success of the effort, and the whole of the inhabitants of the village and many friends higher up the district assembled to celebrate the event, and to take part in the solemn service of dedication to the service of Almighty God. The new church is called St. John's, and is erected by the side of the main road opposite the public school. It is erected on land the gift of the Cory family whose liberalty is also noticed in other respects. The style adopted is early Gothic, the material used being red bricks on a concrete foundation, and shingled roof. The west front has a louvred bell turret and finishes 27 feet above the ground. The treatment of the apse, porch and vestry, forms a feature which makes the building though small a thorough country church, and it has a very pretty effect. The seating accommodation equals 140, the inside measurement being 50 feet by 22 feet 6 inches. This space includes the chancel which is formed by carrying up piers to the end principal, and by curved spandrils forming an arch, the space above being filled in. This forms a separate chan- cel though under one roof. The floor of the chancel is raised two steps above the floor of the church, and is of concrete prepared for tiling, with which it will no doubt be covered at some future time. The entrance to the church is on the south side through an open porch 9 feet by 6 feet, with tiled floor, and also opening into the porch is the vestry 9 feet by 9 feet which is lighted by two windows. The building is well lighted. In the Chancel there are four windows, on the north side three, on the south two, and two similar ones in the western end, with a circular one above, and a louvred opening in the gable above it. Those in the chancel are the gift of the Cory family in memory of their mother. They are of stained glass, each representing one of the Evangelists, the full length of the windows, and contain underneath stained in the glass the words—" In memory of Jeannette Georgnia Cory. Born 18th May, 1815. Died 27th October 1854." All the other windows are of cathedral glass tinted in various colours. The lower portions are iron casements and open for ventilation, which is also amply provided for by circular openings above the wall plate. The apse at the eastern end is finished with an ornamental cross covered with, lead. The bell turret is occupied with a bell the gift of Mrs. Horn, Mr. A. C. Lee, architect of West Maitland, was the designer of the building, and is to be congratulated upon what he has suc- ceeded in doing with the limited funds available. Mr. James Richardson, builder of West Maitland, was the contractor, and has carried out his work well in the face of great difficulties. The weather was all against him, as during the earlier time he was constantly delayed by the wet, and on one occasion lost 32,000 bricks which were ready for burning, when they were swept away by flood waters. The amount of contract was £650, but we understand the whole cost, including furniture, will amount to about £800. The furniture, seats required, &c.;, were the work of Mr. W. R. Norman, but most of the seats used in the old building are being made use of at present. The people of Vacy are to be congratulated on possessing a very neat church, which reflects credit on all, concerned. A very large number of people assembled to take part in the dedication service, which is a very beautiful one, the residents of Vacy being joined by a large number of their co-religionists from higher up the river. The new building was crowded, and still a great many were unable to find room within the walls. The following clergy were present : —The Very Rev. Canon Selwyn, Vicar General, the Revs. Canon Tyrrell, S. Simm, F. D. Bode, C. Walsh, T. D. Warner, W. Tollis, R. E. Goddard, A. J. H. Priest, and W. Swindlehurst (incumbent of the parish.) There was nothing at- tempted in the way of decoration beyond the sus- pension of some wreaths on the walls of the chancel above the holy table. The clergy having come in from the vestry in the porch and proceeded to their places in the chancel, the service was commenced with the singing of the hymn "The Church's one foundation." The churchwardens, Mr. F. W. Cann, J. Puxty, and Cory, advanced to the rails, and the former read and presented to the Vicar General a petition praying for the consecration of the church. Canon Selwyn replied that he would have much pleasure in acceding to the prayer of their petition. Psalm xxiv was then read by the Rev. Canon and the people, and some versicles and responses followed. A short address followed, pointing out that both under the law and under the Gospel houses have been erected and separated from common uses for the service of God; they should not doubt but that God would approve of their purpose, and they should devoutly beg His blessing on their undertaking. A prayer followed in which God was asked to be present at their service of dedication of that building to His service, for the reading of His Holy Word, for cele brating His Holy Sacraments, for offering to His Glorious Majesty the sacrifice of praise and thanks- giving, for blessing the people in His name, and for the performance of all other holy ordinances. The blessing and acceptance of each person in the Godhead was then asked each in His province, and God was asked to accept, hallow, and bless the place, to the end whereunto it was separated that day. Psalm cxxii was then read as before. Separate intercessions were made for those who should be baptised, for those who should be confirmed, for communicants, for hearers, for those who should be married, for those who should make offerings, and for all who should worship. The Rev. Canon, who had conducted the service all through, then declared that Church of St. John to be dedicated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. The hymn " Christ is the one foundation " was then sung. The ante-communion service was then proceeded with by the Rev. Canon Tyrrell, the epistle, Ephesians III, 8, being read by the Rev. C. Walsh, and the gospel, St. John II, 12, by the Rev. S. Simm ; and the Rev. Canon Selwyn leading with the Nicene Creed. The hymn before the sermon was " The King of Clouds my Shepherd is." The Rev. Canon Selwyn preached an impressive discourse from Ephesians III., 20, 21. "Now unto him that is able to do exceedingly abundantly, above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us, unto Him be glory in the Church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen." The preacher asked them to con- sider why they were met there that day. They were met to dedicate to the service of God, and for theirs, especially for those who dwelt in that place, and for all who came after them —to dedicate to Almighty God that house. They should not doubt but that God would accept it. It should be a cause of thankfulness to those who were able to give of their substance for the erection of the building. He thought the man who was able to say that he had given out of the fulness of his heart, and according to his ability, to build, in the place in which his lot was cast, a house to God, was so far a happy man. The man who could not do so was a very unhappy man if he could tee his condition. St. Paul set before them the great truth that they were all one family —all brothers and sisters, sons and daughters— that God was their father in heaven, and had placed them there to learn on earth lessons for all eternity. What service did he require ? The Lord God of heaven and earth, before Whom the angels in heaven veiled their faces, they did not need their service, but He needed themselves. The only way in which they could serve Him was to love Him, learn to obey His every command. Every command of God was for the one sole purpose—their own good. Many persons suffered bitterly because of not recognising this. He ventured to say that when a man or woman makes it the first duty of their life, to keeping the Lord's Day holy, and sets apart some portion of it for His worship, he said he was a happy man—he was walking in the way in which God would have him walk, and in the end that man would be found ready to depart to the eternal dwelling place that God had prepared for all that love Him. Because of the great truth that they were all the one family, it was their duty to set one another a good example—to inspire, help, and comfort one another. So it was that all through the ages that they might best serve God that they had built houses such as that—where the whole family of God, all who were signed with the cross in baptism, all named with His holy name, may meet every Lord's Day, He thanked God that it had been put into their hearts and that they had carried the work out. Tho Lord and the Apostles had taught them that, being all one family, all had the same object in view, the same means of grace, that they should be a help and not a hindrance to one another. It was their business to see that none fell away. If they saw one falling away it was their duty as far as they could, in humbleness of spirit, to help that one to correct the error, and above all to set a good example. Some of them might think that it did not matter attending church. It did matter to themselves, to their brethern, and to God Almighty. He hoped and trusted that they would feel and realise the infinite importance it was for them to use that house of God for the purpose for which it was built. It would delight the heart of their Minister to find it every Lord's Day, or as often as it was used, as full as it was that day. They all felt the wonder- ful power there was in the sympathy of numbers, and it was very depressing to have an empty church —it would daunt and make miserable the most earnest servant of God. The Apostle set before them the fact that it was no idle service, owing to the fact that Christ was their King, their Lord, and their Master, and that wherever two or three were gathered in His name there was He to bless them. He pointed out the great difference there was between a gathering in church, and any other meeting together. He pointed out the words of the text—"Now unto Him that is able to do exceed- ingly abundantly above all that we ask or think." They could not think of words that were able more fully to express His great power. No one knew the secrets of their hearts, all their infirmities, all the past sins of their lives, but themselves and God, and that God asked them to come to Him and ask His forgiveness. It was that faith in God that made man so 3trong. They should assemble there to ask continually for what they needed-for them- selves, for their neighbours, for their friends, aye for their enemies, for their country. There was one thing they should also do in addition to that. It was a miserable thing to be always asking and giving nothing in return—they should render back heartfelt service, for that alone was pleasing to God —they should give Him the love of their hearts. It was to secure that that Christ left his throne in heaven, came down to earth, and suffered afflictions and poverty, and at last died upon the cross. He wanted them all to love Him—to know Him and love Him. They could show they loved Him by doing what He bid them do. They could not do anything acceptable to Him without love. There was one command which He had given them to do. There was spread His holy table, and He bade them come and partake of the bread and wine in remembrance of His body broken and his blood poured out for their sakes, and yet, strange to say, so few were willing to do that command. By turn- ing their backs upon that holy table they were dishonouring God. He warned them of the danger of neglecting to come to that feast, and entreated all to partake of it, and to come more and more in simple obedience to Christ's words. Great respon- sibility rested upon them, especially those who had the command of children, and they should endea- vour to teach by example. The concluding hymn was " Blessed city, heavenly Salem," during the singing of which the offertory was taken, to be devoted to the Church Building Fund. The hand- some sum of £38 12s. 10d. was collected. An administration of the Holy Communion followed, which concluded the religious service. THE LUNCHEON. The members of the Church of England at Vacy were determined that nothing should be spared in welcoming those who came to share in their joy, and after the service all present were invited to a luncheon. A large booth had been erected in the church ground, in which two tables were placed the full length, providing accommodation for about 120 persons. An abundant spread was provided by the ladies of the congregation, and their efforts were amply appreciated by those present, many of whom came from a distance. Abundance of all sorts of provisions and delicacies were provided, the tables were tastely decorated, and the numerous matrons and maids were most assiduous in seeing that their guests were well supplied. The chair was occupied by the incumbent of the parish, the Rev. W. Swindlehurst, who was supported by the Very Rev. Canon Selwyn, Vicar-General, and the Rev. Canon Tyrrell. After dinner had been partaken of Mr. G. J. FRANKLAND, acting as the deputy of his old friend, Mr. Gilbert Cory, called upon the company to charge their glasses and in a happy speech proposed "The Queen." He concluded by calling upon the company to give three hearty cheers for her Majesty under the leadership of his old friend. The cheers were heartily given, and the toast loyally drunk. The Rev. CHAIRMAN said the toast he had to propose caused sad feelings. The work they were engaged in that day would have given the subject of it the greatest pleasure to be present with them. That matter was to his mind one of great im- portance. He looked upon it with feeling of deep interest. He (the Chairman) remembered that when he (Mr. Swindlehurst) took charge of the parish, and this was one of the things the Bishop urged upon him—the work of erecting a new church. The Bishop had the work much at heart, and he would have been gratified with their suc- cess. It would be a bad taste, almost impertinent for him to discourse to them on the qualities of their good Bishop. They all knew him, and the more they knew of him the more they loved him. He proposed the "Health of the Bishop of New- castle." The toast was drunk in silence out of respect to the condition in which the Bishop at present is. Mr. GILBERT CORY had very great pleasure in proposing: "The health of the Vicar-General, the Very Rev. Canon Selwyn." He had to thank him for coming there that day, and giving them such a good discourse, which he hoped would have a proper effect. The Very Rev. CANON SELWYN said he might be allowed to Bay a very few words after what he had said to them. He had delivered his soul to them on important matters. He thanked them for the way in which his health had boon proposed and drunk. Had anyone told him twenty-five years ago that he would have occupied that position he would have looked at him in blank astonishment. It was about that time ago that their late Bishop, Dr. Tyrrell, asked him to take work in that parish. It occurred at Colstoun at the table of his old friend, Mr. Brown. A little time afterwards he took up work, and if anyone had told him that he should live by God's providence to occupy as it were the Bishop's place, in the absence of their dearly loved Bishop, he could not have credited it. He heartily wished that their prayers might go up before the throne of God for him. He occupied a place of many anxieties, and needed great forbear- ance. He was very fallible, but he could assure them that as long as he filled the position he at present occupied, it was his earnest desire to bring about the best results for God in the various parishes in the diocese. Mr. W. W. BUCKNELL proposed "The Clerical Visitors," coupling with it the name of the Rev. Canon Tyrrell. Canon TYRRELL responded. He thanked them for the toast on behalf of himself and his brother clergy, though no doubt some of them would also respond. He congratulated them upon the erection I of such a church as they had there. It was a credit to the neighbourhood, and a credit to the architect. He wished they had the whole bush studded with such churches. (Hear, hear.) He contrasted the building to churches he had worshipped in 30 years ago in the bush. He knew that they were not a rich community there, being mostly tenant farmers, but the result proved that their hearts were in the work. The church was now dedicated. That meant devoted to the service of God. He hoped they would keep it for the service of God. He hoped they would never use it for tea meetings, lectures, concerts, and all those sort of things. He thought those things were a desecration of the house of God. He deprecated even the holding of Sunday schools in churches, for children would laugh and talk, audit took away the solemn impression that churches of God ought to have. That was an age antagonistic to reverence—against the introduction of reverence, and he could not speak too strongly of keeping reverence in the house of God. He con- gratulated them very much on the erection of their handsome church; and thanked them for drinking his health. The Rev. C. WALSH also responded. He offered his congratulations upon the cause that had brought them together. He referred to his own con- nection with the parish as locum tenens while the Rev. Mr. Addams was in England, and to his departure to another parish. The people were not now content with the little wooden churches that they once worshipped in, but required buildings more correct in style, and more in harmony with the purposes for which they were required. He thought it would be a good thing if a movement was started for improving the clergyman's remuner- ation. The clergy ought not to be required to start all financial schemes for parochial work. It would be a very good plan if they had nothing at all to do with the money part of the work. He reminded the people of Vacy that it would be a good thing, if they had an incubus of debt large or small, to get out of it. The same principle applied to communities as to individuals—it was a bad thing to be in debt. He referred to the improvement that had taken place in church matters in the district, and the friendly feeling evinced that day, when they had Gresford and Paterson shaking hands over Vacy. The great thing that was going to make that country a great nation was the cohesion of the Protestant bodies. He referred to an extract from the Times published in the Herald which said the Church was gradually becoming a great power in England—and he had no doubt it would in Australia—and by its liberality and charity was gradually absorbing and gathering into its fold many of the bodies around. The Rev. CHAIRMAN could not allow the toast to pass without expressing his gratitude to Canon Tyrrell and the other clergy. He had been closely associated with Canon Tyrrell for seven years, three years of which he had worked with him shoulder to shoulder, and there was never a dis- agreement or contention between them. He was his mentor and tutor for those three years, and he owed a great deal to Canon Tyrrell's sagacity and judgment. He would say no more than that he appeared to him and would always be a sincere Christian gentleman (applause), and true servant of God. He was grateful for his comming there that day. He was grate- ful to his brother clergy in giving their countenance and assistance, and especially to Canon Tyrrell. Mr. F. W. CANN proposed "The lay visitors." He was deeply grateful to all who came. He was only expressing the feelings of the whole con- gregation at Vacy when he said they aimed at giving a welcome to all and were only sorry that their abilities did not allow them to seat every one present at the one time. The other toasts also duly honored were :—" The architect and contractor," proposed by Mr. Puxty ; "The building committee" by the Rev. Mr. Swindlehurst; "The Ladies," by Mr. A. CORY ; and " the chairman," by Mr. GILBERT CORY. The whole proceedings were carried out in a most successful manner. 