I CHAPTEBXIV. OILBSBT COH8IDBRS' HIS POSITION. When a man baa to decide upon an abstract cmeation of eight and wrong, justice or injustice, he it doubtlesa wise to claim a little time for consideration, and the outcome thereof is, npon the whole, rather more likely than not to he favourable to the interests of right and justice j bat where self-interest has aojrahare in ibe Issue decision can. hardly be pcotoounoed too eooto. In each , a case argnmeat is dancerqwi advocaltu diaboh t&kesupstroaggrouod;, ecd if the deoate re sol te in a viotoor lorioatice at the expenseo£ .tU. it wnMlwt A* I debater is no very ordin&rr; mortal. Of this Mr. Potter, a man of wide experience, waa well aware $ and although he hadljfe^noleas^d to applaud Gilbert's cauiiogb words! He WW fully persuaded, the moment that be heard them, that the question wife fcireadyaa good. as settled. / P .': , Such, however, was by no means Gilbert's own belief. He did not at the outset feel at all certain that he coald keep both Beckton and his self-respect, and be was exceedingly unwilling to part with either. Therefore, when be retired for the night and seated himself before the fire which he had ordered to be lighted in his bedroom, he set to work to see whether a calm survey of all the cir cumstances might not justify him in doing as he wished. It was honest of him to admit to himself what his wishes were; but unfor tunately his honesty did not get much be yond that initial stage. First he took the chapter of general desirability, and had very little hesitation about scoring one for himself there. No impartial person, acquainted with himself and with his brother, conld doubt which of them would make the better squire. Of his brother's business capacities he had the lowest possible opinion. That Brian, if put in possession of Beckton, would be in volved in a maze of difficulties before two years were out was next door to a certainty, whereas he himself had ideas with regard to the estate which, to be sure, were not those of his father, but which were none the worse for that, and which, should they ever be carried into execution, would 'prove of un questionable benefit to quite a large number of deserving persons. Next he asked him self, candidly and disinterestedly, whether it would indeed be for Brian's own good that he Bhould be placed in a position for which he was manifestly unfit? Now, how can it be for any man's good that be should be placed in a position for which he is unfit ? The question will hardly bear discussion. No; for a man of Brian's dreamy, indolent nature and desultory musical tastes it was surely better far that he should be relieved from the worries and responsibilities of every day life-placed upon an allowance-a hand some allowance-by a kindly younger-elder brother, and made welcome either to go on living in his old home, or, Bhould he prefer it, to settle down in the Manor-house, which was now his own. However, in view of cer tain contingencies, it would, perhaps, be a wiser plan that he should sell the Manor house ; and Gilbert resolved that he would pay him a good price for it It will be perceived that the mind of this dispassionate reasoner was pretty well made up when he got as far as that; bat he did not think BO. On the contrary, he unflinchingly faced a third question, that, namely, of the true wishes ot the testator, whose wil 1 had been made known some hours before ; and really this was rather a hard nut to crack. Never theless. be managed to crack it without quite breaking his teeth. He persuaded himself that it was open to very serious doubt whether, if his tather had lived, that will would ever have been revoked at all. A man who turns his back upon himself twice in a week may very well do so three times in a fortnight, and if poor Sir Brian's reasons for disinheriting his elder son in the first in stance had seemed a trifle inadequate, his reasons for reinstating him had undoubtedly been even more so. it was hardly too much to assume that a little further thought, a little mora consideration of future probabili ties, would have led to the maintenance of the status quo. litis closed Gilbert's soliloquy, which in truth hod lasted somewhat too long for en joyment He meant to keep Beckton; he told himself also that he would be able to keep his self-respect But, fortunately or unfortunately, it is not by means of casuistry that that intangible possession is to be grasped, and for all his dialectic skill, the new owner of Beckton and its appurtenances went down to breakfast the next morning looking and feeling very much like a dog with his tail between his legs. He disposed of that meal with such appe tite as he could command, which was not much, and, Brian having retired, requested Mr. Potter, who was to leave for London presently, to give him a few minutes in the library. He fancied that he saw the ghost of a demure, satirical smile upon the lips of the lawyer as he complied, and this made him in wardly determine that he would tolerate no liberties from Mr. Potter. Taking up his stand upon the hearthrug, he proceeded straight to the point " 1 wish yoa to know," said be, " that, after giving the matter careful though^ I have concluded that 1 ought not to set aside my father's will in deference to any Bupposed change of intention on his .part'* " 1 was sure you would arrive at that con clusion," remarked Mr. Potter blandly. Gilbert frowned. " I hardly see," returned he, with some sharpness of intonation, " how you can have been sure of what was so full of doubt to me ; but probably yoa have very great prescience. I have decided in the sense that I have named for reasons which seem to me sufficient, but which it is perhaps hardly necessary that I should enumerate. "Quite unnecessary," agreed Mr. Potter, more blandly than ever. You have, as you say, decided, and that is all that your lawyer -if I am to have the privilege of so calling myaelf-requires to be told. . There are a few matters of business connected with the eBtate which you may like to go into with me before I leave." u Presently, Mr. Potter, I shall be glad to do so, bat first I should like to ask your opinion, as a friend, about Brian, -and what m to become of him. I am most anxious "" " Pardon me, Mr. Segrave," interrupted Mr. Potteb "Business ib business, and it will give me much satisfaction to continue to act as your family lawyer, and to serve yoa to the best of my humble ability, but as for my private friendship, that is what I have never been accustomed to bestow in a h»rry, and I trust that so reasonable a man as yoa are will not be offended with me for saying that you don't possess it as yet" Gilbert started and reddened. "I accent the rebuke," said he. " I gather-and I an sorry for it-that yoa disapprove- of' my action with regard to my brother. I suppose I mast be prepared lor some disapproval, and I shall certainly make no attempt to lessen it I was about to mention teat I propose to provide for Brian aa liberally as my means will allow me" "As roar lawyer," replied Hr. Potter, ** I shall be very happy to tell yoa, U yoa do not know, exactly what yoar means are." " If yoa please," said Gilbert, raging in wardly, bat preserving a calm exterior. ? The conversation which followed was ex ceedingly unpleasant to hint-unpleasant not so macn because he found that tbe Beckton ren troll was a good deal less, than be bad always imagined it to' be, as becanse J£t. Potter, while answering questions and civing information quite politely and even deform, tially, continued to make it aa clear aacould be that bis client did not stand high inlua esteem. . "I see," said Gilbert at the doae of the interview, "thai; 1 shall have t» live care fully, and I am afraid it will hardly belli ma' power to make Brian kuga atotUowaw* tut I should wish*" i "JPomU&T; swnKkeft tte Ufjsc. may hot have to make him an 'allowance at all. Possibly be will decline to accept any from yon." .... "As be possesses absolutely nothing in the work! except an empty house, a grand piano4 and bis clothes, I take it that he will be compelled to do so," returned Gilbert, with a little display of temper. To this Mr. Potter made no rejoinder, ana shortly afterwards took his leave, begging Gilbert to Bay good-bye to Brian for him. IZis host was unfeignedly clad to get rid of him, and he was not less glad to get away. To most people the ordeal which Gilbert had now to lace would have seemed infinitely more formidable than that through which he had just passed; but it did not so present itself to his mind. He had a good-humoured, affectionate contempt for his brother ; he knew that Brian's way was to accept accom plished facts, and he by no means despaired of convincing him tbat things were best aa they were, though, of course, there might be an awkward moment at the outset. So he repaired to the sanctum before alluded to, and there found the object of his search, seated at the piano, pipe in mouth, and try ing over sundry variations of a composition of his own. Brian looked up and said, "One ought tc be taught counterpoint as a boy. The nuisance of technicalities is that unless they have become a second nature by the time one reaches man's estate one gets impatient and forgetful of them. I shall have to teai up this score." "I don't know what counterpoint is; but I'm glad to see you at the piano again/' answered Gilbert. " Depend upon it, there is nothing like having regplar occupations to fall back upon when one iB in trouble." Brian rose, sighed, and walked slowly towards the fireplace. " Yes," said he, " that's the stock consolation, isn't it? All consolation amounts to advice to forget your trouble as soon as you can." " Well, there might be worse advice," Gilbert observed. He was silent for a moment, then laying his hand on bis brother's Bhoulder, " I'm afraid this matter of my father's will is something of a trouble to you too, old man," said he. " How do you mean asked Brian quickly. " I mean that every one-even you, who are about as indifferent to this world's goods as anybody I ever met-must rather dislike the sensation of being passed over in favour of his junior. However! in the present in stance there are compensations, and " Gilbert," exclaimed Brian, " you can't be going to play this dirty trick! I won't be lieve it of you!" Gilbert shrugged his shoulders, and spread out hiB hands with the air of a patient man, prepared to bear with human unreasonable ness. "Mydear fellow,"said he, "will yon For one moment try to piace yourself in my position ? Do you suppose by any chance that this inheritance will bring me wealth > or ease, or any other particularly pleasant thing ? Don't you see that it condemns me to obscurity, and deprives me of a career in which I might fairly have hoped to gain money and distinction ? And can't you under stand that I should scarcely have accepted it from anything except a sense of - of duty r It was a pity that the last word should have stuck in his throat; but that he could not help. By-and-by, aa Brian only looked wondermgly at him, without saying a word he resumed "I have thought it all out, and I am per suaded that I ought not to make -any change in the present state of affairs. What oar father's real wishes were we can never know now ** " Bat we do know !" internxpted Brian. " Yon know them as well as I do." "Exactly so. my dear fellow; just abonl as welL The nice of the matter is that he himself did not know them. One day he wished one thing, the next something else. It seems to me that he was less voder the influence ot impulse and excitement when be made that .will than he was afterwards; and I fancy that if he had lived lie would have maintained It Naturally he did not like to disinherit you, and naturally you do not like to be disinherited; but in his calmer moments he saw that you were not fitted to manage a property which requires constant and careful lookinsr after, and really, my dear Brian, I don't think it is any disparagement of you to say that he was right" Brian took two steps forward and stood look>mr straight into his brother's eyes, who, to his chagrin, found himself unable to re turn that steady gaze. "Gilbert," said he, "do yon know yon make me feel sick. Y011 can't really suppose that you deceive me by talking like that. I would a great deal rather have beard you say that you wanted the place, and that, as the law had given it to you, you meant to hold on to it" " I will not quarrel with you, Brian. Oni of respect for our father's memory," began Gilbert "For Heaven's sake," interrupted his brother, "let our father's memoir alone I I never knew you to take up this canting tone before, and I hope yoti'U never do it with me again. I wish you would go away ! I don't want to say anything more to you at present" " A good deal more will have to be said, however," returned Gilbert, flushing slightly; " but of course there is ho hurry. Perhapt when we next meet you may be in a ratbiei less unfair and unjust temper, and perhapt you will thai condescend to listen, to tnc plana which I have been thinking of for your own future. You will moat likely find that you will have more ready money to spend than 1 shall; for I need hardly Bay that I recognise your claim to be provided lotw Thereupon he retired, taking with him & most uncomfortable sensation ot having been kicked out of the room. ' .1.1 ? 