A DREAM, OR WHAT? [Br SCBKEY.l Dear reader, being myself a praotical nn romantio merchant's clerk, I have been greatly puzzled to aocount tor the strange cironmBtance I am aboat to relate you. It may interest yon to work ont some tBeory of your own concerning it, or perohance tend to confirm and strengthen you in a larking love Jou may cherish for the mysterious; anyhow orave yonr attention for awhile, so " put on yoar considering cap" or " light up" (as yonr sex may determine) whilst I spin yon the strangest yarn it has ever been my lot to be connected with, and may be yonrs to unraveL It was in December, aboat tea years ago, when I was bookkeeper in a coffee merchant's office in London, that 1 received an invitation to spend Christmas week with a distant relative in the country. Miss Hope (I avoid giving her real name) eaid she was very lonely and longed to see some one of her family at Christmas; she remembered that I was her godson, and moreover she thought a change from city life might be weloome to me, hence her oner of hospitality. I wrote accepting her invitation, bat said that as I was uncertain aa to what day I could be spared from my office duties, I wonld walk the two or three miles from the station to Tyleoote Hall, so she need not, as she had suggested, send to meet me. It so happened that I oould not leave my office until Christmas Jive, and that this par ticular Christmas Eve chose to be as foggy in London aa it was possible for it to- be. Every train in the fog area was delayed, and conse quently I did not reach Cloverford until nearly midnight. Once there I found the station bright with lights and spruce with decorations; the waiting-room fire was as cheerful as the drop "o'sum'ut ot" (whioh the good-hearted stationmaster preBsed on me) was welcome, and I was loth to leave the glow of genial comfort to step out on my journey into the bieak unknown country, The porter was, however, putting out the station lights, and there were other evidences of shutting up, BO with " A Merry Christmas" to all I strode briskly on my way. The silence of the country-broken only by the orunch crunch of my footsteps on the crisp snow, or their metallio ring on the bare patches of frostbound road- was to me almost unearthly after th6 continuous noise and bustle of London, Sometimes the wind would gather in a copse over the fields, moaning like men in agony, then with a shriek would come tearing towards me, and whisk the snow off the hedge-tops into my face. Well do I remember myself trudging along is that strange and unaccustomed loneliness, a solitude which might well conjure up and lend a reality to weird stories of ghosts and haunted houses that it was impossible to in vest them with in the praotical city life. No wonder that I recalled the BtraDge legend connected with the houBe I was visiting, whioh had been refloated to me more than once. Some generations since the squire who lived at Tyleoote married a very beautiful woman, as lovely, they said, as a statue of Venus, and alas! as cold. Squire Hope was a man who interested himself in the welfare of the farmers round about him, and was always busy with agricultural experiments or schemes for the better housing of his tenants, He was happy in the dry details of Church wardenBhip, his faoe beamed a quiet satisfac tion from his seat as Justioe of the Peaoe, and looked the picture of jollity at the annual harvest home; beyond such lines his tastes declined to be trained, and he was quite out of hiB element at hiB wife's elaborate dinner parties, With inclinations dissimilar on every point, and with the wife's naturally unsym pathetio disposition, it is scarcely to be wondered that each lapsed into a feeling of perfect indifference as to the other's existence. This was the position of affairs when one day Squire Hope was taken suddenly ill; then his wife exhibited the greatest anxiety, she insisted on waiting on him with her own hands, and seemed jealous of the BlighteBt interference or suggestion. She would not even send for a doctor, for said she, " it is only a slight cold, I, his wife, can do all that is need." A day or two passed when she came to her housekeeper with a face pale as stone and gasped, "Oh! please come at once; my husband looks so strange 1 Can it be death ?" Some of them went and found the Squire on the bed, his life quite extinct, a horrible look on his face, and bis right arm stretched ont stiff and rigid, with one finger pointing to a chair in the room. Such a sight as he presented, so frightfully distorted was his once BO peaceful countenance, so unac countably suggestive was the pointing finger, that none dared to re-enter the room; the servants seemed terror-stricken. It is said that the undertakers had to break his arm before they could get the body into the coffin' The story was of course the topio of con versation for a long time afterwards; but this was before the age of newspapers, rail ways, and telegraphs, so it is not surprising that spite of the strangeness of the scandal no enquiry was made concerning it. A year passed hy, and the squire's death was as " a tale that is told," when one day a servant who was cleaning one of the rooms found a small phial concealed behind the wainscoting. On examination it turned out to be half-filled with poison. This disoovery restarted the suBpioiouB theories concerning the squire's mysterious end, and resulted in a judicial enquiry. The case came before .Judge Fop well, all the evidence pointing to the guilt of the squire's widow, BO that it was a matter oi astonishment to every one when the oase was dismissed, and Mrs, Hope deolared to be entirely above sutpioion; stranger still did people deem it when Judge Popwell married her but a tew months after the trial. Time went on, and the Fopwells were blesBed with two sons, fine promising lads, on whom their mother lavished her long pent up affections. Her former ioy coldness seemed dispelled by an intense love for her boys, her very isolation (for Bhe was now shunned by her former acquaintance) accen tuating her determination to win their regard. To them she was as unselfish and yieldingaa she had been to others proud and cold. The two eldest went to Oxford to gether and distinguished themselves in learning and athletics. So time went on, when one day, without warning, their mother was deprived of both of them, never to meet them more. They had quarrelled, and one struck the other, killing him on the spot, The Burvivor fled the country, and was never again heard of. With but one son remaining to her the broken-hearted mother, stricken with grief and with age creeping on apaoe, wonld never let bim leave her Bide, but her care was in vain, for he died of consumption at the early age of 20. From that day to this a Nemesis seems to have followed the family. The heir to the estate has died jnst on entering early man hood, or, as is the case with the present heir, has been hopelessly imbecile. A cluster of graves in the nearest Churchyard is in evi dence to this strange fatality. Such was the dismal story that pursued my thought* as I hurried through my joarnevi and welcome, indeed, were the lodge lights at the gates of Tyleeote. There I found that a straight drive through an avenue of beeches led to the house, which was also ap proached by way of two semicircular foot paths on either side of the avenue; the paths were between hedges of laurel whioh had grown about 12 feet high, and the one I took had been swept free from snow for the use of pedestrian. This brought me to the front of the house, whiob, bathed in a flood of moon light, presented a grand old-time appear ance. Tyleooto Hall was built in the form of three sides of a square ; in the centre was a belfry over the massive doorway, and a wide flight of stepB led up to the entranoe. Many of the windows were bright with the orange glow of lights, and the house was covered with snow-flecked ivy, showing a deep oontrast of intense black and dazzling white. My ring waB immediately answered, and my aunt (for so she wished me to call her) came to welcome me. She was a grand old lady, such as might have stepped from one of the many portraits in her house, her face beaming with the magio glow of heartfelt pleasure, her hair of a pure white in large curls on her forehead, both her hands held out to grasp mine. She drew me into a snug sitting-room, where a supper was ready for me, and explained that she was prepared for my coming, having heard of the delay of the trains. She then asked me to excuse her retiring, as she was feeling unwell, and said she would have a long talk with me next which was the picture of comfort. In the old-fashioned fireplace burned a glorious fire of logs. The ceiling was of riohly panelled oak, as were aho the wainscoting ana doors. The bed in the centre of the room was canopied and surrounded by oartains, slightly drawn on one side and at the foot. Facing the bed was an oriel window, into the recess of which the moonlight fitreamed through tinted glasB. There were oeveral portraits in the room, all with background of that RloB&y; blackness peculiar to old oil paintings of this description, and with an almost lifelike expression in the faoes that seemed to look at me. I noticed these details as I sat in a ohintz-covered armchair drawn np by the fire, and also that there was a small table and reading-lamp, with some books and papers by my bedside. Once in Ded I tried to read, but the story of Squiie Hope's death forced itself on my consideration, so after extinguishing ihe lamp 1 went to sleep, still thinking over the strange legend. I must have been asleep some time, when I woke with that peculiar sensation which many have experienced-a feeling that some one waa looking at me, and that I must look to see who it was. This irresistible impulse 16d me to fix my gaze on the oriel window, still bright with moon light, and with shadow branches 01' ivy waving here and there across it. Whilst I was looking the moon was gradually hidden by a cloud. As the light faded slowly into darkness I seemed to see a pair of eyes staring straight into mine, and by degrees I thought I could distinguish a face; then a body robed in white slowly formed in that dimly-illumined recess, and I no longer doubted but that I was not alone in the room. I seemed paralyzed and spell bound by the horrible look fixed on me; utterly unable was I to move or BDeak. Although I had never seen death before 1 felt that I was in the presence of the dead; brightness; then I became conscious that the form waB gradually moving towards me. It was now bidden by the bed-hauginga; still a magnetic influence seemed to have seized on my will, and compelled me to turn to the opening in the curtains, where the table was plaoed. There 1 saw now longer the lamp and books, but on the table in the dim reflection of the firelight were a small phial and a glass. My whole body trembled with a horrible dread. I was utterly unable to shriek as I strove to do, and when the form took its place by the table, with eyes rivetted to mine, and with its loose icy robes hanging over me, I prayed that even death itself might shut out the terrible vision. Slowly the rigid corpselike fingers clutched the phial, and raising it, poured out some drops into the glass. I felt that I had no power to reBist swallowing the poison, for such I guessed it to be, when I saw my aunt come suddenly behind the unearthly visitant and strike the glass and bottle from its hands. I remembered no more; it appears that I lay senseless for two or three days, and when I recovered consciousness my mother was bending over me, and stopped my bewildered enquiries as to what had happened. I was afterwards told that my aunt had been found dead in her bed that Christmas morning. Was my strange experience the dream of delirium, happening together with mysterious coincidences, or did I really see the Ghost of Tyleeote, who can tell? shown to my room, 