LADIE'S LONDON GOSSIt. -.- I LONDON, Jan 28. j What a good life was that of Lord Iddes- leigh. The Press is foll of anecdotes of the ronch-loved statesman. Breadth, breadth and strength seems the jast rendering of Lord Iddesleigh's character. As a politician he was selfless. In Church matters he was moderate, though his sympathies were with the High Church party, or, I should say his principles were. In social matters he was the best representative possible of a fine spirited, high-toned, genial English squire, entering into the sports of the county of which of late he was Lord Lieutenant, and into the feelings and habits of those with whom he came j into daily converse. Of coarse we shall have a biography of the genial statesman-the boredom of libraries is biography ; not but I I that a consecutive narrative of Lord Iddes ' leigh, his work, his compeers, and himself j will be welcomed, if only it does not extend to three ponderous, heavily- written tomes as witness the life of the greatly beloved and great Lord Shaftesbury. I think there ought to be a society for the suppression of com- mon biographies. The life of S/ielley, by Professor Dowden, stands out alone asa book of the keenest individuality, acumen, and in- teresting matter. Yes, there are biographies and biographies ; let only great men be me- morialised siiitab'y. On Wednesday night, the 19th nst., I made my bow to the Lady Mayoress, on the occasion of her fancy dress ball of juveniles, held in honour of her little daughter's birth- day. The great rooms were brilliantly light- ed, and very soon a strange and motley crowd of little ones filled every available apace. There were clowns and " bobbies," excellently carried out ; matadors, gorgeous in crimson velvet and cream satin, every de- tail perfect ; a quaint little " He and She," who looked as if they had escaped out of grandmama's bric-a-brac cabinet to tread a minuet in the Civic Hall. The white peruke of tho little " He," and the snowy wig of the tiny " She," with a patch on cheek and fan in hand, pink brocaded satin, and buckled sboon, made a delicious picture of fanciful realism. At eight o'clock a procession of Kings and Queens of English history was formed, and to the strains of ascirring march the pageant wound roond the suite of gilded chambers, and past admiring walls of friends and slangers. The central figure was the little daughter of the Lord Mayor, who, habited as Quoon Elisabeth, walked alone, her trained held up by a little page. Her dress was white satin, with a stand-up collar, wig, and all the rest of the virgin Queen's well-known ceremonial toilette. Each court as it filed past was attended by personages of its day-Shakespeare, with pointed beard, Boger Asoham beside Lady Jane Grey, my Lord Strafford in the wake oi Charles I., Nell Gwynne close to Old Bowley, bluff Harry the Eighth with hie galaxy of spouses, Sir Thomas More, and Cardinal Wolsey. * " In every land I saw, wherever light illumineth, Beauty and Angaish, walking hand in hand The downward slope to Death." I saw with roy mind's eye the roll of triumpl story-bitter wrong, revenge, love, cruelty! winding in grotesque circumstance and pup. pet form through the representatives of thc world's widest commerce and some few of its highest cult, to the strains of a modern band In a little the train scattered, to gather ii the great ball-room, where, marshalled ant directed by masters of the ceremony, all th« little mummers footed it to the merry lan eera. There were two mashers, brother ant sister of fourteen and fifteen, a lovely she glip of fifteen in Greek costume, exquisitely carried ont. a little Punch and Judy, a Jubi les lady of George HI.'s day flrting witl Mephistopheles, the Fairy Queen whirlini round with a cowled monk, and a not bash fal nan setting to my Lord Bochester I thought of a crazy quilt, and leaninj against a steady pillar, wondered dream ily if all was the phantasmagoria of a wander ing brain-if I should suddenly wake to fine the goodly company vanished, the maid witl hot water at my door, and the cuckoo clod telling me it was eight of the clock. But tb soene changed. A Btage had been improvised and Alice in Wonderland took the boards and the Rabbit and its sylvan companion disported themselves in mimic jest and song I wandered on, and came upon a Punch am Judy show, just in time for the final tragedy and in time too to pat the jolliest little Tob; I ever saw. A few more steps brought ra to a conjuror, but I hate tricks, so I turnei my steps to the performing dogs, and the: looking at my card for " Supper-10 o'clock, I found my partner and was soon satisfac torily engaged with pheasant galantin, Menu Champagne, creams, jellies, and a jolly tuc! in altogether. I felt valiant then, and descend ed from the grand sapper room to the chara ber below, and the Lady Mayoress to have good 'stare. Her civic ladyship is a might fine woman, clear cut features, and ROO presence-her husband, relatively speaking is greatly le6S, but his chain of offioe impresse me " awfully," and I felt I was in the preseno of a very great dignitary^- jThe company wei gorgeously apparelled, and^the men lacke the courtly présenos and mjlitity bearing < anguBt assemblages of othfr soenos, land tb women the tournure and'phio air of ti <. upper súéklÁ,*! still, my ^ntles, the sho was «.very m$*hp^,¡$Áú^m^^Ae u fdr Quality. Theprau^^ was simply dreadful.;;.?<!£m0 jN^*inytíua Worse managed. *aiéê'M^mÊ^f o£ ^ tendant», bat they did ^|l|^work badi] with no observance of order. I found n for cloak fit one*nd.of the »oin, my f'Jtsab i Hood" ia another lady's boodle, and lost my cloud-wrap entirely. " Loat.yoor wrap," said a lady near me, " someone else has got it then -help yourself, yon must have something !" This is a fair specimen of the average morality of a crowded cloak-room. I had my ticket all safe, but it seemed to have no relation to my wraps. I might have carried off most valuable furs, much better "clouds" than my own-in short, have comfortably replenished my winter wardrobe-but I didn't. I daresay I was a great fool, bat you see it is not always foolish to be a fooL The exits at the outside of the Civic Palace had a large covering for those waiting for their carriages, but there was a regular deluge-a clear, cold, light night, with rain in torrents, making mirrors of the streets, and shining ghosts of the white-mackintoshed coachmen and footmen. I felt sorry for the little mummers. Their doting parents brought them out in bales. Very uneasy lay the little heads of many who wore crowns-"nz" had done its wicked best to de throne the juvenile monarhs. One or two fairies were half asleep as they were carried out under a big umbrella, and the robes of the Court dames looked like their wearers, as if their day's work was over-supper had been too muoh for many. I meant to have mentioned my disappointment ia the display of diamonds. I saw nothing very telling in that Une, nothing to compare with what I have seen in private houses. In America diamonds are at a social discount, the "silver queens" wear them in profusion. Mrs. Mackay's emerald necklace, and her pearl one as well, are absolutely matchless outside the mines of Golconda. She has also acquired the very finest set of matchless coral, literally encrusted with diamonds. The colour of the .>ral is the rarest shade of rose-pink. I hear that Mr. Bruce Joy has receiv- ed a commission to execute the Btatne of Sir Matthew Wilson, Bart, for Bradford. The figure is to be in bronze, and will be placed well to the front in Bradford. The "Balfour" memorial statue is also in the hands of the same artist, also to be executed in bronze. I promise myself a visit to Mr. Joy's studio soon. I was at an " At Home " in a bachelor barrister's rooms on Saturday, in his cham- bers in one of the old Inns off the Strand, and heard some excellent male singing, had some wonderful old pert, and met very good company all round. But the rooms them- selves were unique-a marvel of art collec- tions of the rarest and most valuable de- scription. Old cabinets, Italian and French, magnificent old Italian brocades lining the walls, thicker than leather, of exquisite de- sign and colouring, tapestries, and rare embroideries from Persia, gold embroideries, and cashmeres. Then thc china, the bronzes the emeralds ! I have seen many renowned collections of art objects, but for the size of space filled, none so valuable. The pas sion of collecting euch articles is intense ; it becomes a fever which demands to be fed. We got up to the chambers by two flights of venerable wosden stairs, and this was our reward. The Prize Competition craze is now inten- sified by having a journal all to itself. I will not give the name of this exploiting paper until I see how it runs. At present five pages out of twelve are devoted to adver- tisements of various competitions, for which prizes, varying from .£400 to one guinea, are offered-most of them swindles I should say. You pay your money-no doubt about ihat but whether your successful solution ever gets one of her gracious Majesty's present- ments I very much doubt. There is a way of arranging " priées." The "Co" may have guessed the solution, in which case there is no need for the money to leave the payer. There will be some smart little actions about this jobbing. In the meantime here are a few of the inducements to draw shillings, half-crowns, and sovereigns out of the pockets of dupes. ¿£20, in various sams, for a sentenoe of ten words contain- ing the most A's-must be sense. A seven roomed boase 2s. 6d. ; 80 years* lease unex- pired, ground rent £5; garden and green- house. Then follows a combination of let- ters ont of which one word is to be formed. The first five correct answers (2s. 6d. en- closed) to be entitled first to the house, then to various other sums. One thousand pounds cash prizes as follows ; £500 £200 £50, and lesser sums; You are to send 2s. Gd. when a specific will be returned to you, also a com- petition .form for above. The chance of a lifetime-a freehold house for 2s. 6d. Aiarge bouse in a large manufacturing town, value '£400, given to the lucky guesser of a certain competition, the terms only to be obtained by sending 2s. 6d. Prizes for most A's in ten English words, for best writing ont a oertain Psalm, and for sundry Biblical puzzles, and lastly, for the solution of the following con- undrum« Porm'd long ago, but made to-day, Employed whilst others sleep, What none would wish to throw away, Yet few would wish to keep ? " Bed " of course, say I. Now this sort of thing ie just the lottery business all over again-a sort of ingenious swindle. You pay your shilling or half -orown, and there's an end of it. But the world's made up of dupes and rogues. I must in justice add that the paper from which I have quoted, intends to open a guarantee column-that is, the said parer will, under given conditions, see fairplay done. Among the various properties preparing for the Queen's Jubilee, is au oßtrich feather robe to be presented to her Majesty, who will bB, of course, in very high feather. The plumes will be of the most perfeot quality. This hails from South Afrioa, India ie pre? yaring a magnificent gift. By the way, three of Goldsmith'* works, She Stoops to Opaquer* .. ?'? ,'? V ?i'tiiVr-iii.t ..... ;>.,.( '{Cicjt^ .« r ! ?? Edwin, and Angelina, and Hie Lonely Hermit, have been rendered into Hinda for native reader«. One can hardly imagine She Stoops, ¿c., as presenting any exact quantity to the gentle Hindoo. Talking of plays, fire has not been se fatal with theatres this year, only nine altogether all over the world having fallen victims to the devouring element. I attended a lecture at St. James's Hall, last week, on table decoration. The glass, &c;, was supplied by Osier, of Oxford Street. The lecturer was Mr. Edmund Hassell, the Delsartean apostle. There was not the ex- pected display of ornament, as Mr. Osier wished to reserve bis efforts until after Easter, when a larjre table will be set out in various devices, and with the newest designs in glass and china. On this occasion Mr. Bussell confined his rsmarks to device and form in the articles used for food, condemn- ing the most exquisite Sèvre Dresden for that purpose as inappropriate. This week the lecturer takes for his subject " Sculpture and Bronzes." We onghi to have artistic houses and perfect arrangements, so much has been said and illustrated on the subject of home art, that is, art as applied to the home. Bat it was left for the editor of j Babyhood, Mr. M. J. Stihnan, an American 1 printer and editor, to teach " babies" how to paint A child still in tottering babyhood is to be given plenty of clean paper and a box 1 of good water-colours, not more than half a dozen colours. He must be taught to dis- solve the paint and how to wash simple tints, and to mix greens, grays, and browns. He is to evolve from his inner consciousness, not to copy nature. What a mess the nursery will be in if this idea gains favour with parents. AU Buch extravagances come from America. Not but what the idea of very early training is a good one ; only in this case it would be a troublesome one. Oar Boyalties generally are so respectable. The Duke of Connaught has invented some little contrivance he urges the Army and Navy Stores to exploit, but business is busin- ess, and that immaculate corporation do not yet see their way to issue a double royalty. Prince Albert Victor is a constant visitor to the same mart, with many little inventive fads which he also wants " taken up." He has not succeeded yet. Then the Princess Christian, who edited her lamented sister's "Letters and Life," is now engaged ona translation of the famors ".Memoirs of Wil- helmina, Margravine of Bairenth,"the favour- ite sister of Frederick the Great, and I un- derstand that ehe will be able to supply much new and interesting information concerning the personal relations between the King and his sister, derived from the private archives at Potsdam. These old memoirs give many queer stories. I delight in them. "It is like listening at doors," said a lady to me one day after lay- ing down an early volume of the " Greville Memoirs." In those of Count Beast there is a grim story of how Count Brnnnow conceal- ed his wife's death for three days, keeping meanwhile the body in ice, in order that the festivities of the Duke of Edinburgh's mar 'riage should not be abandoned. It is not generally known that for similar reasons the death of the late Prince Albrecht of Prussia, Kaiser Wilhelm's brother, was kept conceal- ed for a longer period. The Prince actually died oa the eve of the visit to Berlin of the Czar and the Emperor of Austria in the Autumn of 1872. That visit lasted for a week, and it was not until the potentates had quitted Prussian soil, and the echo of the festivities had died away, that Prince Al- brecht was proclaimed dead, and the mourn- ing for bim began. One remembers, too, how the Cornish parson who wrote "And shall Trelawney die," found a pickled corpse in the bunker of his bedroom, on the occasion of his visit to a farmer's house in Spring to marry his host to a bloemingllass. Thé pre- sence of the unsightly object was coolly ex- plained by the host himself, who said he had forgotten all about " her !" The body wat that of bis late wife, dead some months. She had been pickled to keep, as snow was ot¡ the ground when she died, and she could no1 be buried conveniently. What a centra] character that old parson was, churchy oi the churchiest; but so matter of fact in sc many-things. He was tinged with occultism But I did not fancy 7ii« chnrchism woulc have lent itself to the following : A numbei of people 'at Clapham are endeavouring tc get up a kind of Moralité, or mediaeval pas sion play, with St. Augustine as its central figure. The vicar of a local church, the Rev Mr. Morris, who is heading the movement intends to play the title character, and onlj communicants will be allowed to appear ii the cast. To crown all, a " special blessing ' will be asked on the performance. The name of E. Nesbit is familiar t< readers and lovers of the many exquisit trifles which sprinkle the pages of our peri odical literature, many of which bear thi signature. I see Longmans has published i collection of poems with this affix. Th writer is of the feminine gender, a fact whicl does not reveal itself in her work, beoaus perhaps so many of the stronger (?) sex writ such weak verses, which they and the print« style " poetry," but no one else. Lays aw Legende oontain many gems. The most t be noted is " Absolution. A girl reveals t [ her handsome father confessor that she love him. He absolves ber. But the leave: i unconsciously works in his eoul. He is changed man, and strives by penance an mortification to keep " Nature " down. Bs I Nature triumphs, and he goes in search < I the girl whoBO love has roused his. Bnt sh absolved by the. Church, has found neithc peaee to her conscience, nor balm to hi spirit-«he hoe courted death, and so h< lover finds her, even as Lancelot fou» Bttetohed on a bier ; she had found love, ni of this clime, I like the plot, I advil novelists to study Mr. Alexander 'Stewart Oar Tempemmente, (Crosby, Lockwood, ai Co.). Temperament ia answerable fer most of the virtue and vira in this queer world of ours. " Most," I- say-but I think " all ! " Every now and then, in speaking of Lord Salisbury, one hears wonders -of his early literary career. What sums he and his chosen wife made, and how hard he worked" and well he lived. Exaggeration all. Lord Salisbury, as Lord Robert Cecil, married Miss. Alderson, as all the world knows, at which, union his marquis father cat up rough, so tho youthful pair fell back on their prolific allow- ance of brain power, and made a fair living oat of the Saturday Review, the Quarterly, and Lord Robert by leaders in the Tune«. Besides these the free lances contributed to all and sundries. We of the craft, though, know too well the limit of production, and Lord and Lady Robert Cecil were unknown to fame. " Names " alone bring in highest figures, becanse of their advertising quality. The B.P will read drivel with ap- petite if by what it calls a celebrity, but it cannot see the bloom of the flower born to blush unseen. Things are, however, even in this direction squaring round, and publishers are getting wary of the " One Book " writer. Here, as in other things, stay, and not start, is telling at last. I see that a well-known illustrated Weekly states that Lord Randolph Churchill is going on the Turf. Now, I notice that when a society Beauty makes a, faux poe, and gets down-trodden in the crowd, it is im- mediately given out that she is going on the stage-which seems a sort of Adullam Cave for this sort of thing-and so whén a states- man fails he is landed on the Turf. In Lord Kandy's case the announcement is stale. His erratic lordship has ran horses some time now he will have more leisure to mind his paces, and look to palling up in time, and so avoid-for the future- croppers ! I heard of Lady Colin Campbell the other day as lunching with Mrs. Jeune, the notable leohuntor of the day, in company with Bret Harte, Anstey, and Mrs, Campbell Prod This distinguished company afterwards ad- journed to the Langham, where they had tea with Onida, a celebrity at present hanging out at the sign of the Stars and Stripes ! Strange that she should choose the rallying point in Inns of oar Transatlantic cousins, as she detests the Americans cordially, and being a woman as frank with her tongue as with her pen speaks out her sentiments very plainly. I thought what excellent copy she must make ont of the particular section of society through which she flashes. Onida ia the subject of my intense admiration, for eloquence-and hard-hitting. I am vexed to . hear she is the reverse of beautiful, so in op- position to her books. She is short and fat, has a long nose a receding chin, and dresses not according to Hoyle. A correspondent of the New York Critic tells of a portrait ot Robert Louis Stevenson painted from the life. " I came," he Bays, " unexpectedly upon it in an artist's studio, and fairly started backward aa my -eyes fell upon it. The word weird ÍB ia much abused word, but I can find no other that so well describes this singular face. When yon first look at it you think it is thin, but it is not. It is long, and so is the hair ¿which hangs be- side it in thin, damp looks, as though the head had just been -dragged np out of the water. The eycB are -larpe, sunken, ghost seeing ; the nose ÍB long and narrow. A moustache of a few damp hairs grows over the mouth, but the cheeks and chin are beardless, and have never felt the edge of a razor. This strange, fascinating head rests upon a long, thin, bony hand, which holds it np, not that you may see it, but that those deep-set eyes may peer ont into the world in restless quest of the prototypes of those sin- gular beings one meets in this romancier's tales." I see that Allsopp's brewery is following the encouraging example of Guinness's resolving itself into a limited company. In this case could one read beer-bear-ask on the Stocks. Of making of companies there ie no end. A company is to clear off the ranks the time-dishonoured growler, with its substitute a vehicle to hold four inside, to take luggage on the roof, and to run on two wheels. Thu new delight in cabs has been licensed by the police authorities, and approved of by the London managers of the great railway companies. In a few days wa shall be able to hail one. Now what is to become of the old cabs. 1 beg to sug- gest that they be sent to the troublous Isle, for use in evic- tion straits, 60 that the evicted may not have the added pl«a of houseless to roofless. They will escape taxes, and by a little management can make two cabs into quite a mansion from the cabin point of view. Void of wheels, ; and under the lea of a knoll or broken wall, a growler would be good housing. I onco saw an old brougham turned to this use, and occupied by an old woman. She had the roof covered with creepers, and a plot of garden ground in front. I have seen woree dwellings. It is said that the Prince of Wales has in- vented a new evening dress, whioh is a compromise between morning and evening attire, consisting of a shorhlaok coat, a white waistcoat, and braided trousers. A few seasons ago Kerslake invented a white satin waistcoat for evening wear, bat thoagh un- doubtedly becoming, it never got muon into favour. A prejudice exists against black ties, whereas they are equally with white de rigour , the cravate blanclie being only indiepensabla I to dancing, for all other purposes the black tie is worn by the best club men, who ought : to know, you know. Some years ago I re- member a dub of young mashers, before that term had been coined-the thing always ex- isted-who bound themselves by a solemn oath to wear nothing but a suit of black vel- vet knickerbockers in society. For evening wear costly lace was added. But they had to forswear themselves, they were oooen trloities, and had no following. 