OUR NEW YORK LETTER. , [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] TliJEO who have read my letters for the < rmst few years, and who remember m". account 0f Jir# Stow»--^!» >Ar<»r« and tho disposition us mado of his vast estate, will not be at all surprised that the heirs at last havo called on Judge Hilton for an accounting. The skoleton so successfully hid behind the door is at last to bo dragged forth, and among other curious facts it will now bo made public if an empty mausoleum occupies tho orypt of tho splendid cathedral at Garden City, or whether the bones of Alex- ander Turnoy Stewart reposo bosido tho ashes of his wife. What a feast for tho lawyers ; what a precious morsel for ' tlij millions who love a little bit of scandal batter than they love their prayers ! Both of the co-respondents whose colossal possessions aro the cause of this unseemly war aro beyond the'reach of praise or Marne ' "Jfor steel, nor poison, mallett, Domestic or foreign levy Nothlng can touch them farther." But on tho trial the secret history of dead and buried years will bo dragged into the light of open day. Scandals, only hinted at in past years, will be headed in cold print with leaded lines, as choico items of tho latest nowa. Characters that have hitherto been sus- tained by the length of their rent rolls and tbo strength of their bank accounts may bo blasted beyond reclaim. Not a pleasant prospect, yon say ; perhaps not ; but what could you oxpoct from auch a life ! And with tho nows of the suit against Judge Hilton comes the intelli- gence that all of the late Mrs. Stewart's wardrobo is to bo disposed of to the highest bidder by auction. The only restriction being that no one will be ad- mitted to the sale but relatives and friends-of which, however, there ore several hundred. I don't know how it may affect those who are in the habit of making merchandise of the doadjbut to me there ia something in- expressibly shockingin this sale. Imagine the auctioneer roaring out the price of the golden puff-box from which abo rouged and powdered her faded charm», and dangling from his ooaree fingers the dainty golden curls in which abo was arrayed by her faithful maid two days before her death, and with which the faded and de- crepit old woman of 80 years tried to re- store the beautiful Cornelia Finch of CO years before-her pocket -handkerchiefs, her stockings, and all the little tri- ikots th»t were dear to hsr heart - Goin<», going -gono ! i " Vanity of vanities, taith the preacher ; All I« vanity.,' Fifty wigs, not one with a grey hair in, all of them of that soft golden colour in which her heart did so much delight Three hundred gowns, all of them rich and costly ; shawls from Indian looms and laces of fabulous value, and even the underclothing of the dead woman under the hammer—Going, going—gone ! New York has heard much of Stewart's thrift for the last 50 years, but it was un- prepared for anything like this. A man who has been such a beneficiary of the Stewart estate as Judge Hilton has, and having the whole matter in his discretion, might have called the dis- contented heirs together and by appraisal have set a money value on the goods and kept them from the public eye ; but he has chosen the other course, and in so doing he has shocked the better sense of this entire community, and I shall not be surprised any day to see an advertisement in the Now York World, addressed to the keepers of Dime Museums throughout the country, offering for sale the bones of the dead millionaire, with satisfactory certificates duly authenticating their genuineness. That they would bring a good round sum I have not the least doubt ; and in the hands of Barnum or Buffalo Bill they might be made to add some thousands to the princely Stewart estate. Garden City is to be dismem- bered and sold, and this is the ending of Alexander Turney Stewart's life work. Fifty millions, and—nothing ! Mrs. Maginnia is dead. Who is she? you ask. Tho youngest daughter of the late Wm. M. Tweed, of Ring memory, and the heroine of the Diamond Wedding. Women have been married and given in marriage before, but never on this conti- nent was seen anything like the nuptials of this dead woman. At the time of her marriage her father was as virtually the autocrat of New York us the Czar is auto- crat of the Ruasias. Nothing like her trousseau had ever been seen here pre- vious to that time. It seemod as if all New York hastened to do honour to the new Princess. Tradesmen and politicians poured in their gifts, and men of the highest character were not ashamed to be found among the donors. Tom Fields sent a diamond necklace and earrings that cost 5,000dol., and W. E. King, jewels that cost 5,000 more. It took ono ¡mruenso room to hold tho bridal gifts, mid the money va'uo wai estimated at 150,000dol. On tho day of the. woddiu» all official busi- ness was suspended throughout tha city and mniy of tho great stores closed early iu the afternoon. The beautiful young bride wore big diamonds ss buttons for her whito satin gaitera", and the jewels on her person roproseitod SO.ODOJols. Tho heros and horoincs of that proud nijht havo dowrn to hopeless ruin. Tho happy fathordied in prison ; Tom Fiel Is died tn cxüo ; Connelly mid Sweoncy were fugitives from justico ; Jim Fisk was a'sassinatod ; Itigcrsoll and Gar- vey went to States Prison ¡ Princo Harry Genett did time at Blackwells Island ; another diod in the States prison ¡ two died in lunatic asylums, aid one proudi beauty-the wife of TomFields-perished in tho gutter in front of the p'incely] mansion on Fifth Avanuo,where formerly i sho had presided as a Queen. And BO they; pass away. Notwithstanding his ill gotten millions, the father of, this dead woman passed awoy looking ,through, prison bars ; and righthereIamromindod| that this week nlso passed away Tweod'sj private leoretary, Foster S. Dewoy., Mr. Dowey may not have- been a groat man nor an especially good man, but ho wai marked as the possessor of that uncommon quality among men-gratitudo-which after all is ono of humanity's brightostandi rarest jewels. Foster Dawey, ai the private secretary, of Tweed, knew all the villainy of tho' ringi but, so skilfully did ho guide his hand, that when j us tica liko an avalanche' carne down on tho guilty crow,, Fostor Dewey eecaped without a sear, Ho had profited by his opportunities for plun- der, but kopt out of the clutohos of the law, and when the thousands who had profited by the bounty of tho mastor fled, affrightonod at the fierce cries of his enemies, Foster Dewey stood by his old chief to tho last, and spent hi? fortuno freely in trying to secure his release. Ho never deserted the man who had be- friended him, and when the end came lie stood by the dying couch and soothed his last hours with his friendship and love, which even death and disgrace could not shake. ' Larry O'Brien was laid to reBt this week and he was buried with all the pomp of the Catholic Church, a special high mass being celebrated at St. Stephen's, which was Father McGlynn's old church. Thousands turned out to Larry's funeral, for he was ona of the best known men in town. He was a gambier by profession and a fighter of consider- able renown. A couple of years ago he got into a fight with another gambler who literally cut him to pieces with a huge bowie knife. As he fell on the aide walk soma onerushedup,andseeinghiacon dition, cried out, " Send for a doctor !" Oh, nevor mind the doctor, gasped Larry, send for a priest. With careful nursing Larry pulled through, but he never was the »arno man again-ho wan- dered about from place to place like a ghost, and finally died in Nassau a couplo of wnoka ntro. . After a bitter struggle tlw Women SuffragiBte have finally triunvaed >«i tlio Senate of Now York. Nowtor the Lower House and then for the «overnor. So far the women have doiu well i they, have Btoadily battled Or their rights and thoy have won tfoir way, stop by step, from darkness t "daylight.The man who are BO afraid pf womon'a voting ought to take a tuA down through the lower wards of Ne. York and Brooklyn. Look at the bruUf, drunken material that decides our llunicipal, Stato, and National EUvtioDB 1 Look at the vile . nrnw.íli.-'vrunt Tim Campbell to OongresB Bnd helped to moke Fatty Walsh the guardian of the Tombs. The moat rospoct nbleand intelligent olubin Now York to-day is a women's club Some of the best work in journalism and art is done by women, lu medicine there aro dozens of women hore who hold their own with the best of our medical faculty, and whom- ever an avenue has boon oponed for her ahe has improved it and done well. It is but a poor compliment to our mothers, our wives, our sisters, and our daughters to say that wo are not willing to give the same privileges to them that we accord to the ignorant rabble who crowd our groat cities, and decide our elections. One roman like Catherine Woolf, or Jennie Juno, or Mrs. Dr. Lozier is worth a mil- lion of such rascals, whose ouly idea of American suffrage is, how much it can be sold for at the polia. A lively sensation occurred early in the week in a suburb of Brooklyn. A rich gentleman named Woolsey had a fine country seat, and employed a coachman who handled the ribbons to perfection. Tho coachman had a nice wife and two children, and as he seemed to lead a life above reproach and had a fine baritone voice, he soon distinguished himself ia the village choir, and he was proposed for one of the deacons. He complained to Mr. Woolsey that the moral character of his assistant shocked him, whereupon the footman was discharged, and the coach- man was c >mmissioned to hire another, which ho did ; lie soon foaud a footman, a pleasant young chap who became quite a favourite with everybody, and with no one more than the coachman. Wherever the biy went the coachman weat, and wherever tho coachman went the boy went. They took long evouing ridas together, and on two or throe occasions they were detained all night on business. Lut week an avenging husband appeared on the j scene with a shot gul hunting a runa * ay wifo, and looking for a coach- man who had lured her away from his home. The coachman and the boy dis- appeared that night and have not been hoard of since. Moral-Keep you weather eye on the coachman and your Ice eye on the croom. In the mattor of wills thoro are few c mes more romantic than the case of Patrick Cauldwell of Brooklyn Patrick was mar- ried three times. By his first wife he had two children, a Bon and a daughter. By the second hriiad six, evenly divided us to sex. By the 'third "wife he had nono ¡ but dying two years ago he left by his will all his property to his third wife,' whostraiuht a-vay offered hisT'will for probate This, 'was no sooner done than the children of the'sccond wife appeared with a will made two years ¡lfior the third wife's, which loft all of his property to bo divided among the children of the second wife. Then wife No. 3 produced proofs that -when Cauldw 11 married the widow Ryan wife No. 2, that Michael Ryan, her husband, was living j consequently the' was not the~lawful wifrof Patrick Cauld- well. Then the second wife's children produced, proofs that'when Michael Rjan married their mother ho had another wife living, .consequently she was not the wife of Ryan, and the marriage with Cauld- well was valid. Just as they were about to enter into possession the son of the first wife appeared on the ground with an absolute deed for all the real esta'o gtvou to him and his sister by his father many yea-s before, doubtles to keep it out of I the hands of his creditors, and which h¡vd long beon forwttco. Tho claim was acknowledged, and tho son wa3 about to tike pors ssion when a ne(V claimant appoaro-i, in the person of a poor hod carriur, tvho had married the st'ter, and who died giving b'i'th to her first child tho child being supposed to be dea ' at its birth, as it was buried with its mother. As the sister died without leaving issue tho proper'y nil wont to the brother, but BOiiio «ilfl onmes who were present on the occasion remembered that baby nroathod for a half hour bafoio it died, and on this voy s ight coiitlnaoucy hung fifty thou- sand dollars ; for if tno baoy was alivo vvven horn -the mother having died, ho would ho the heir to the pi- pert-, and if ho d ed, bin property would go to his father, and EO it wan. That little half hour's lifo was worth 50,000dol. to B'lrnoy Flynn, who will carry the hod no more. The i>ackbone, ribs, and skull of the strike is brokon, and Assembly 49, which has been engineering this affair, hauled "down it« flag on Saturday nftor a des- perate effort, to induce all .the. engineers in the city to strike so ns to paralyse all tho indultrics, throw thousand:^ out of employment and bury tho city in dark- ness. Thoy ca'lod out all tho browors, but th.t-ik fortuno thoy ware dealing with a different class of men from tho 'long- shoremen, freight handlers and coal heavers, Tho browors aro mostly Ger- mana, and the, ongineora tarpoly Amo ri- cin a, and thoy did not proposo to lend thomsolves to Masher Workman Qainn's desporato tactics-and thoy refused. Next day tho striko collapsed, nud now tho poor dupes who gave up good situations, where they had fair wagos and rogilla employment, are left destitute in mid- winter, stospod in dobt, no work, nor prospects of work, for the steamship com- panies will not laico thom back, nor auy of tho placos which thoy so rooklossly and foolishly left. Tho poor of Now York havo suffered by this striko, and thoy aro the only ones thal hive sufl'orod. If these men over get' baok_ to work again, he will bo a Bmirt walking delegato who ever got» them to give up a good situation to go on n strike. , Thoy thought tho Knights of Labor would make' their employers take them' all back whou thoy gol joady to go, but the employers refused to do it, and tho1 final result is that tho -j groat body of strikers aro ruined. : Another, Alderman in Sing Sing ! This is pleasant reading. For yoars this gang1* of ignorant Thugs had us by the throat, and nearly strangled tho hfo out of this great city with all of its vast revenues. To hive caged throo of our city fathers, with a very fair prospoot of gotting four moro at least, is somothiug. Then wo ¡havo tho two big boodlora in sight-tho men who provided tho million to buy - our municipal rasca's. If wo can put thom i safely under hatches wo can then sing, "Tho day of Jubilee has come." Sam Jones, at the Young Men's Christian Association, and seats to hear him Idol, a head. What was it crowded this vorv respectable and orthodox hall almoBt ti sufFocati m 1 It waa not to hear a logical and grammatical analysis of the Biblo, f»r Mr. Jones does not believe that either grammar or logic has anything to do witt the Gospel. Some of his bib- lical tiopeB and figures sent cold chills lown the backs of half tho audience, and to many it looked and siimdod like good old-üshioned profanity. I do not profess to be over orthod« or inordinately pious-it may be old-fasaioued prejudice that I ought to have feot over long ago-but it does seem to mo as if a man speaking of Deity and Eoaven should treat the subject a little Inore reverentially than as if he was oddreiaing a man at the corner grocery. To miny his metaphors wero shocking, to few «Ufying-a version of the gospel whicl, in the language of Shakespeare, may uako the unskilful laugh, but cannot but nnke the judicious grieve. 