CHAPTER XXXIII. When Fred Foster went to call upon Mrs. Fairservice in Jermyn-street, it was not without studied preparation; his hat and boots and gloves were all new and neat; and he had taken the greatest care of his geaeral appearance. As she came into the room, and carelessly gave him her hand, her sharp eyes noticed this at once, and she laughed a little. " What, then ?" he said, rather resentfully; for no one likeB to be sorntinizsd in that | fashion. " We're str.art, ain't We? "What did sou expect?" he said. 'Did yon want me to come in a fancy dress, like a ready-money fielder f" " 1 was thinking of Scarborough, she said, good-naturedly. Oh, don't you think I am objecting. Quite the contrary. I think your 1 appearance now wouldjbe much more likely 1 to inspire the confidence of the betting public. And 1 hope it's a sign of a change ofluck—I do, indeed." She was putting aside the window curtains to let a little more of the afternoon light into the dusky apartment, .while he put his hat and gloves on a small side-table hard by. ■ But when she turned to him again she seemed to be struckJiwith something in Mb look. " Hallo," she Bsaid, what s the matter with your eyeB? I "There's nothing the matter with my j eyes," he said, with still further subdued re sentment. " There Beems to be with yours, though. They're remarkably inquisitive this evening." " You don't drink," she said. "No, you were always too wide-awake for that. What have you been doing ?" He was both impatient and angry, but did not dare to ehow it. He muttered something in an apologetie way of his having Buffered severely from toothache of late, and of his having tried cMoral to procure him a little rest. He did not choose to tell her that it was the sleeplesB nights of agony and remorse following hie mother's death that had driven him to this dangerous resource. " Then you'd better stop," Mrs. Fairservice said, plainly. "If you and I are going to do anything together yoa'll want a level head. I suppose you understand?" " Don't you be afraid," he said. " I can't eee how an attack of toothache is going to interfere." " Come, sit down, and tell me how your affaire are," Bhe said, in a friendly fashion, but still regarding him with a watchful eye. " At any rate you are in Loudon—that's a hopeful sign. Got everything squared up yet ? Let me see, who was it who was coming in as peacemaker ?" "Oh, I am all right," he said, with an assumption of easy confidence. " That is to say everything wants a little time; but I see how it is to be managed. You mean Baby. No thanks to him. No; he played me a shabby trick, though Johnny Bussell swears it was only carelessness or indifferenoe. Well, it does not matter much, HubboU has turned out a brick. And yet it does not seem such a great deal for a fellow with all his money to hold out a helping hand." "You see, Master Fred, that depends," Mrs. Fairservice remarked, coolly. "One does not like in any case to throw good money after bad. I am glad your young friend thinkB better of your prospects. What's his little game ?'• " I don't know what you mean," he said. " Why, what is his reason for coming for ward in this magnanimous way, and hauling you out of the ditch? It isn't often done. What is his inducement?" "Well, I call it pure good-fellowship friendship if you like." She shook her head. " No," she said, with a smile, " That won't do. Tnat's too thin. Or else he's an awful softie." " Women's views of friendship may be dif ferent from men's," he said. " I don't know. However, it does not matter. The fact re mains that I hope, with Jack Russell's help, to have everything fair and square in a very short time. And now the question is—what about Bernard?" It waB curious to notice the Bharp and sudden alteration of her look. She had been quite pleasant and debonnaire; even her scanning of his appearance was not un friendly ; her cynical confidences were uttered in perfect good nature. But the mere men tion of Bernard's name sufficed to change all that in an instant. When next Bhe spoke there was a baleful fire in her eyes, and her mouth was drawn and hard. "I had half forgotten," she said, with a kind of laugh. "Seeing you so smart, I fancied you had come to take me to the theatre. I had almost forgotten Mr. Ber nard. One will forget one's best friends sometimes." She went to the sideboard, opened a drawer, took out a photograph, and bringing it back, threw it on the table before Foster. "There, do yon know who that is?" she said, with another ironical laugh. It was a portrait of a thin, wizened, prema turely-old-looking young man, who was dressed as if he was going to a wedding, with a large " buttonhole in Mb frock-coat. " Well, you might call Mm a swell, now, if you like," Foster said. "Bought this out of a shop window, IsuppoBe ? You see what itlis to be famous. Cabinet Ministers, Arch bishops, and jockeys; I suppoBe Joe Cantly was in excellent company." " You may Bnppose anything you like," she retorted, " but don't yon imagine I bought that out of any Bhop window. Oh, no, that is a present from Mr. Joe himself. And that is the footing we are on now." " You've seen him ?" he said quickly. "Very much," was the collected answer. " Charlie Bernard was over at Redcar. Joe was quite pleased to see an old friend. And you should have heard Mm swear on Ms honour as a gentleman—Ms honour as a gentleman—that not a living soul should know I had spoken to him. Now what do yon suppose a jockey's 1 honour as a gentle man' is worth? Can you put a price on it? No; I don't want to say anything againBtthe young man; he was very friendly with me, very grateful; I believe I could bring tears to bis eyes by appealing to his noble sentiments. Wouldn't you like to see that? I should. Fancy a jock with tears in his eyes—his hand clasped on his heart" "Yes, bnt did he say anything?" Foster interrupted, " Ses," she said, slowly, "he told me that the rumours they have been putting abont that Jackson will never be able to bring Roscrawn thoroughly sound to the post are all gammon. The horse is as fit as a fiddle. That might be a good thing for you, eh ? Bnt I suppose you're not doing much business with the pencillers at present?" " You know that is not what I asked yon," he said, peevishly. " Well," she said, " you and I must under stand each other, Master Fred, I should want to see you in a rather more secure posi tion before chancing anything. How much time do yon want? I confess I am in no great hurry. If I go for Charlie Bernard at all it will be a thorough thing I can tell yon, and I can bide my time. Indeed, there's nothing else to be done at present. With Goodwood, Brighton, and Lewes over there's nosning worth mentioning now till the Leger, except the 15bor Handicap, and Cantly says that Bernard has no great faith in Red Manual." "He's not going to back Red Manual?" Foster exclaimed—bnt this was really in tended to give her the notion that informa tion of the kind was becoming valuable to him. " To no great extent, anyway, if the imma cnlate Joe u to be believed. So that's not to be thonght of. No, no; a81 say, I'm going to take my time; Joe and I are far, far, far from being sufficiently friendly as yet; and as for yon—you're no use to me as you are." It was plain speaking, bat he did not wince, " You want time for yourself. Give me the same," he said; and then he added, " I suppose you have some engagement for this evening. "I? Not L I only came to tows this morning." "You spoke of the theatre," he said, rather nervously. "What do yon say, now, to coming and dining with me at a restaurant, and then I will send up a commissionaire to one of the Bond-street agencies to secure a box?" She was inclined to look upon this as a Siece of bravado, but guessed that perhapB e had fallen in with a little money some where. And he had, for the £50 had, some what unexpectedly, arrived from Bucking hamshire, and Foster was determined to make this go as far as possible in showing evidence of his bettering condition. How muoh would Mrs. Fairservice imagine lay behind that little offer of a dinner and a box at the theatre ? " No, we'll divide that programme into two halves," Bhe said. "You may go and see about the box now; I will order a bit of dinner for us here. What o'clock is it ?" Perhaps this was sarcasm; Bhe could see that his watch pocket was empty. " I have left my watch at home," he said. " But I should fancy it must be close on six." "Then go and get the box," she said. " And I will order dinner for six-thirty. We may as well see the farce, if there is one : and I have good, healthy, old- fashioned tastes." Now not only did Mr. Foster go and secure for himself an expensive box at one of the best theatres, but also he went round by Covent Garden and purchased for Mrs. Fair service; a very beantifnl bouquet. He him self carried it back with him to the hotel; and when he presented it there was no appa rent cynicism in the smile of thanks with which she received it. Perhaps she was a little bit impressed by this display of i affluence, despite her habitual shrewdness. At all events, here he was in London; and with so little fear of being laid by the heels, or otherwise interfered with, that he waB proposing to go to a public theatre. Indeed, as tbey sat at dinner, she became much more frank with him about her rela tions with Cantly, and her plans for working upon tbese, Once or twice, too, she seemed to imply that she was counting upon his— that is, npon Foster's confederacy; aud so anxious was he to assure her of his being a person worthy of trust that he would not, at hrst, touch a drop of wine. " What's up now ?" she said, when he re fused. "I don't wiBh to provoke any more com plimentary remarks, he answered. "Oh, abont the look of your eyes?" she said. " If it comes to that, I would sooner see you drinking wine than dragging yourself with chloral. How long have you been at it ?" " How long have I been at it," he repeated. "How long does a fit of toothache last? About a century, I suppose?" " Well, it must have keen a pretty long fit to have altered your appearance so," she said, shrewdly. "I fancied you looked rather white about the gills when we met at Scar orough. And that's not like you. You bsed to keep yourself in pretty fit condition." u " I am as well as ever 1 was in my life," he said bluntly. " And I will take some wine— I would rather do that than be picked to pieces." " Ob, 1 didn't mean to offend," she said, good-naturedly. "It was only a little friendly enquiry. And by the way, Master Fred, it has occurred to me that, in view of certain possibilities in the future, it would be as well for you and me not to be seen together at that theatre to-night. One or other of us must keep in a safe corner in the box." "1 quite agree with you," he said, quickly. "And as I haven't evening dress on, 3/11 keep in the background." In due course of time Mrs. Fairservice's carriage was summoned, and they drove to the theatre, where, if he remained discreetly withdrawn from the public gaze, she was very much en Evidence indeed, with her opera-glass, and fan, and bouquet. It is to be feared tbat he did not pay great heed to the performances tbat followed. He had learned a good deal that evening. It was abundantly clear that, whoever might help him out of present Btraits. that person was not Mrs. Fairservice. Further than that, it waBjust as clear that she would have him present a pecuniary clean bill of health before accept ing him as her coadjutor. On the other hand, she still seemed to count on his assistance; there was some little time yet in which to prove himself eligible for the honourable poBt; and the more he studied the possibili ties of the Bcheme she was planning, the more he saw what a splendid coup it would prove for himself, if properly managed. But in the meanwhile the paramount need was money. Money must be got at all or any hazards—if only to stay the mouths of the wolves who were hunting him. When he had safely escorted Mrs. Fair service back to her hotel, and made an appointment to see her that day week, he walked away up Regent-street to the Rochambeau Club, and asked if Mr. John Russell were within. The Rochambeau was a small club, of Bomewhat shady reputation, and chiefly devoted to baccarat, dcarted, poker, and billiards. At this hour—a little after XX—it seemed deserted; looking through the glass panels of the inner doors, Foster could only see one or two young men dawdling about, in evening dress and crush hatB, and apparently just arrived from the theatre. However, one of these did happen to be Mr. Johnny Russell, who, when summoned by the waiter, came leisurely along into the outer hall, chewing a toothpick, and looking at once surprised and amused. " Well, this is a fair piece of bluff, this is," he said. " I had to chance it—there was no help for it," was Foster's answer. "No, no," the flabby and white-cheeked young man said, facetiously, " I can hardly believe it. What do you hold in your hand ? Three aces and a pair, I'll be bound. Or a straight flush? You've got something to show." " I wish I had," Foster said bitterly. " I've ODme to town to aBk you to do for me what Raby sneaked out of. A shabbier trick was never played. Your excuses for him only make it worse; for he never need have undertaken it at all, if he didn't mean it." "Have a drink," said Mr. RnsBell, coolly. "That is one of the advantages of a proprie tary club; you can have anything, at any time, and for anybody, that will put a penny .u n» „ v.;t in the manager's pocket. Or a hit of supper ? The fellows haven't come in yet; there's nothing doing." " No, I would rather not go into the club." RuBsell laughed. " The cavalier in hiding—good subject for a picture," . • Foster considered the pleasantry rather ill- ! t'med: bnt was glad enongh to find Johnny j Russell in good humonr. "Come out for a bit of a stroll," he said. "Wecan talk without risk of being over-1 heard." * Russell pnt on a light overcoat, and together they went out; the dusky through fares around Hanover-square gave them ample opportunity of uninterrupted converse-1 tion. I "Are you going to stand my friend, Jack ?" was Foster's plain question. "To what tune?" was the equally plain answer. "Well, if yon mil lend me £300—if I can show it—I can put my hand on another £200; and that together enrely should pacify them in the meantime " " £300!" the; other said in lesB friendly j fashion. " Why, Raby never suggested any thing so much as that." "No, becanse he didn't know what a chance I had," Foster said, eagerly. "He thought it was merely to pnt me on my legs again, But it isn't that. I daren t tell you what the chance is—but it's a very big thing—" "Oh, yes, it's always that," the younger man said, evidently disliking the whole situa tion. "And perhaps it is a good chanoe. Bnt, you know, Foster, I don't quite see why I should pay in order to let you have another gamble." "It isn't gambling at all," Foster protested —and he was earnest enough on this occasion —" it is giving me a helping hand to let me get my head above water—and juet when there is a fresh start offered me. Besides, } man, yon will be paid—every farthing," " It's easy to say that," the other grumbled. " Oh, but this time it really 1b all right. As soon as Sir Anthony Zembra comes back from Antwerp my wife is going to him to get him to increase her allowance—there's the .grand son to be considered you see—and out of that increase she will pay you back the whole of the £300, if you only give her time. I need not appear in it at alL The instalments monthly or quarterly, as you please—will be forwarded by her. It is as safe as the Bank." | " How do you know that Sir Anthony will give your wife what she asks?" the other said, | still suspicious. " Why, he's bound to. But I'll tell you what—wait and see. I am content to abide by the result." " Who is to let me know ?" Johnny RusBell said, rather coldly. This was so plain an intimation that Foster's word might not be considered as all Bufficient, that for a second or two he was rather at a loss. But presently he said, I " Why, it's very simple. Will you be con tent with thiB? If my wife writes to you and says she is in a position to pay you so much a quarter, and will do so, will that satisfy you ?" " Yea, certainly." " And you will let me have the money !" " Yes." "It's a bargain, then," Foster said, with evident relief. "Mind you, old fellow, I haven't said much about gratitnde and all that, but I don't forget euch things. It's when a fellow iB down that he feels them most. Come," he said presently, " there's a public-house down there. Let's have a brandy and soda on the strength of this, I've been at the theatre this evening—with a Mrs. Fair service—and doing propriety, I should like a drink." " Public-house brandy," said_ Johnny Rus sell, rather gloomily. " Why didn't yon have it at the club ?" " Ob, it's all the same—it's all corn and potato spirit," Foster said, cheerfully. " It will be quite a new sensation for me to stand treat at a counter—a remembrance of old days when you had got hold of a thirsty bookie and wanted him to jpve you some thing like Christian prices. The worst of these places is that their spirits are so diluted that you can hardly taste them; the only way is to have a donble doBe." So Foster and his friend went into the private bar and had their drinks there, though Johnny RubsbII did not seem to like the look of thiB unfamiliar place. "And how long are von going to face it la!" ont in London?" the latter asked. "It's pretty cheeky, you know." "Yes, I believe you," Foster said—to whom a deep draught of the brown brandy and sodawater seemed to have imparted a new animation. " But I am quite aware that the atmosphere of the metropolis of England is much too sultry for my constitution; I'm off to-morrow or next day. I shall vanish like a ghost—until I hear it's all right about the £300, and then I'll get you £200 and give you a list of people—the Jennings, and Jim Deane, and a lot of them, and you'll have to do your beat to bring them to reason. I know you will do it far better than Raby. They would euspect him. He's too keen a file all the way round. But they must know you have nothing to gain; shan't we have a jolly little dinner, old maD, when I can come back clear and safe—at the Bristol, eh ?—the old room ?" There was a kind of incoherence about his talk and manner, though that could hardly be attributed to drink, for he had taken very little wine at dinner, and had since touched nothing till now. "Where are you off to, then?" hie com panion said. "Oh, I'll find some safe quarters somewhere —where I can see a morning gallop or two. Not in Yorkshire, though, I hope; just you believe me, I had a baddish time of it when I was there. I never was so down on my luck" "You're not looking very well after it, anyway," Russell said, regarding him with his pale, lack-lustre eyes, "Ho, by Jove, you're not looking up to the mark." " Neither would you be, I dare say," Foster rejoined, with simulated cheerfulness. " Well, old man, you're off back to the Club, 1 suppose. I m going down home to try and get some sleep. Fve had Borne bad nights lately," Outside the public-house there were a few final words of undertaking and direction, and then they parted, and went their several ways. 