Oddities in Wills. Simple a matter as it really is, lawyers have not always been successful in drawing their owniwills. Lord St. Leonards, High Chan cellor of England, who as, Edward Sugden, was the most eminent chancery lawyer in England, and who, with a Dumber of law books, one particularly with a very elaborate chapter on drawing wills, drew his own will, and it required an expensive lawsuit and a decision of a oonrt of chancery to give it pro per effect. The will of Lord Westbnry, another Lord High Chancellor, drawn by him self, met with the same fate. I oould give many similar instances.) There have been devises to animalB or for their benefit whioh have been valid to eats, dogs, horses, and even parrots. Not un- frequently people have undertaken to show their Bpite and hatred, and sometimes their humor, in wills. The will of Lord Pembroke in the seven teenth eentnry has several items of that kind — for instance: " I give nothing to my Lord Saye, and I do make this legaoy willingly because I know that he will faithfully dis charge it unto the poor. Item— I givejup the ghost." \ Lord Baeon had no property to leave, but he left a regular exeouted will, in whioh he bequeathed his name and memory " to men's charitable speeches, to foreign nations and the next ages." Shakespeare loft an elaborate will, which contains a clause that has puzzled the Shakspeareans not a little. " I give nnto my wife my second best bed, ffith the furniture." Why did he only give Ann Hathaway his second best, and not his best bed ? Nothing else did sho get, and the world has sought in vain to know the reason why. Lord Nelson left a will, drawn just before the battle of Trafalgar, by which he be queathed Lady Hamilton and her daughter to his king and country, but neither king nor country accepted the legacy, and they both came to want, Lady Hamilton dying in abject poverty. Napoleon in his will left a handsome legacy to a wretoh named Chatillon, who had at tempted to assassinate Wellington. The will of Rabelais has this olause : " I owe a great deal; the rest I give to the poor." His last words when dying were: " I go to see the great Perhaps." A famous French abbe had this pithy clanse in his will: " To my steward I leave nothing, because he has been in my service for eighteen years." It is not unusual for a man to leave all his property to his wife, with the proviso that if she marrieB again she is to have only what the law allows her. I have drawn a number of suoh wills. Gov. Morris, the celebrated American statesman, did not treat his wife so. He had married very late in life Ann Randolph, a cousin of John, of Roanoke, a woman muoh younger thanhimself, and with whom he lived very happily. He bequeathed a very handsome income to her, and then provided that in ease Bhe married again the inoome should ba)doubled. A soldier or a sailor is allowed to make a nuncupative will — that is, a will by word of mouth, by whioh personal estate may be dis posed of, but you, beingaoivilian, must make yours in writing. It don't matter much what the writing is on— it may be on a slate, or a table top, or even a wall, though it is advisable that it is advisable that it should be on paper orparohment. Yon may write it and sign yonr name in pencil if you like, but it is bet ter to do it ink. You may make your will in Choctaw, if yon happen to nnderstand that language, or it may, as Hamlet sayB: " be writ in the choic- est ltalian"; you may write it in shorthand, or in abreviations, or in cipher, so long as you leave the key behind yon. Courts are not martinets as to the spelling, and if yonr orthography is not perfectly ultra, they will not mind it, if they can make it out. If you wish to drop into poetry, even that is permit ted, as the following oase of a valid will shows: I give and bequeath, When I'm laid underneath, To my loving sisters most dear, The whole of my store, Were it twice as much more, Which God's goodness has granted to me And that none may prevent ThiB, my will and intent, Or occasion the least of law raoket, With a solemn appeal, I confirm sign and seal, This, the true act and deed of Will Jacket. It seems strange that in so small a coun try as England, and one which has been civi lized so long, there should be found any new plants at this late day ; yet a species of lichen, hitherto ,'nnknown to occur in Britain, waB recently discovered in Westmoreland. Cali- oiom Rosoidiom is its Botanioal name.jj A French )physiologist has ascertained that very poisonous extracts may be abtained from edible mushrooms, by treating them with chloroform or various ethers. He oalla these poisons, cryptomaines. To their pre sence may be attnbuted the fatal effcota which sometimes result from eating fungi whioh are ordinarily perleotly wholesome. 