MR. BIBBS'S COSWSSSXQH. Undoubtedly, since the persecuting Saul on the road to Damascus, there have been few such remarkable instances of sudden conversion as that of Mr. G-. E-. Dibbs, the ' freetrader of freetraders,' on the eve oil starting for Brisbane, to protection. The celebrated Colonel Gardiner, the one hero of Prestonpans, was converted from the error „ C 1. ? ? i ? ? j ? ? ? 1 ii ? ujl iiis ways oy an appumioii, auu inero are several well-authenticated instances where similar ghostly warnings, immi nent present peril, or strong future promise, have had the effect of turn ing, if not men's hair 'white in a single night,' at any rate at very short notice their principles, their practices, or their coats. But there does not seem to have been anything supernatural about Mr. Dibbs's sudden conversion. He has seen no ghost, unless it may be of his own lost office, nor any vision of the future, unless it be of his country ruined through free-trade, or of himself its saviour as a Protectionist Premier. In his ease it must have come through sheer, honest, hard hammered- out, or in, conviction, and how hard the process must have been may be judged from the fact that it involves the reversal of the raiment of a life time and the absolute rejection of what admittedly has been his ' daily food for forty years,' the political pabulum of the Sydxet Mobbing Herald. Food meet for babes, he now calls it, and his babyhood has been a long one, but his forty years' fasting in that dire wilderness are over, and in the ' fresh woods and pastures new ' of protection he hopes to find a land of promise, with that fitter food, strong meat for men — a new Protectionist paper. There must be something in a cause which in such a man, born and suckled in a creed, by no means ' outworn,' but still the pre vailing, popular creed of the day, to work such a revolution, and, we need hardly say, there is. There has been much heavy fun attempted to be made out of the assumed ' coming' of protection, and the idle fancy of those who saw or thought they saw in the mere frothing of the foam the sure sign of the rising of the tide. Well, there doubt less has been some frothing, and the scum may have come first, but that the tide is rising there cannot be a doubt, and all the surer that it may seem to the scoffers some what slow. It is not the rushing tidal wave, such as at the last general election was spirited up from the vasty deep to sweep the country, and carried in on its crest or cling ing to the coat-tails of the Prospero-like raiser of the storm, so many strange political waifs, but the steady in-coming tide, when, as the poet has it — ? — while the tired waves, vainly breaking, Seem here no painful niche to gain, Far back, through creeks and inlets making, Comes silent, flooding in, the main. Such progress, slow but sure, still but far spread, is making the good cause of fair protection amongst us, the ' tired waves vainly breaking ' well represented by the Opposition in the House, but without, as well the steady, if not the silent, ' flooding in,' as old landmark after landmark is reached and disappears. Many of these, once vaunted bulwarks of free-trade, have already gone under, topped by the rising tide, and now here another in the person of this long ' freetrader amongst freetraders,' for years a very sign and tall pillar in the land of the political creed which he now publicly dis cards. That there will be many more such ' converts' as the tide floods in yet further, there can be no question, but the difference with Mr. Dibbsisthathe, seeing the inevitable, has had the courage to go forward to meet it, not afraid of getting his feet wet, and heed less of the pebbles and mud flung after him from the fast-dwindling beach. Whether the new daily paper is started or not — and we hope it will be, if only to avoid the necessity for that daily Hansaed with which we are threatened — there may be dated from this remarkable conversion, a new political departure — the starting of a new political party which, avoiding the mad ex tremes of both freetraders and protec tionists, may give us a financial policy founded, not on this or that political school or tradition, but on the actual needs and opportunities, wants and capacities of the country. 