POLITICAL NOTES. Our sterile-brained protectionists have shown themselves to be absolutely dumfoundered by the unanswerable freetrade argument drawn from the steady influx of arrivals of all classes from protectionist Vtrtr.ria tn tr.v»r.idn New South Wales. But though they are unable to answer this argument themselves, and have not even attempted to do so, they seetn inclined to try to make something of an answer which they think they have found in a .Melbourne paper. This paper, the Argus, aliinns. it appears," thai a less populated area naturally drains a more populated one." It does ir y And natur ally and inevitably ? Why, then, does not the Melbourne paper demonstrate its ea so by showing bow many immigrants the very much " loss populated" areas of We=tcrn Australia an-i Smith Australia "drain " from Victoria ant! especially from New South Wales ? But we need nut follow an argument which rests on an impudent mis statement. New South Wales is the only Australian colony which has during the last 10 years grown hy contribution from the ponula- ticn of its neighbors generally, and which had drawn people at once from a more populated area" as in Victoria and from a "less popu lated area" as in Queensland. The fact is that, this kind of talk is of rather old date, aud it is a wonder that our protec tionists ucver resorted to it before. It is bused upon an absolute ignoring of all of the facts of the case, and therefore ought to harmonise with their ordinary logic. Wc have been told that it Is on account of the " va«t undeveloped natural resources of New South Wales" that workingmen come hero from other colonies, and more than all the rest from Vic toria. Bot we must not, in considering a practical matter such as this, pay ourscives, as the French say, with words. We all know quite well that the laboring man who wants work never thinks of " vast undeveloped re sources," " less populated area-'," arid so forth. He only asks where he can get the host wages, and thither lie goes. The attraction which has any effect on him is the attraction of wages. That he goes in large numbers to another country is not conciu.ffvc proof that w aires are biguer there. But it is proof that he believes them to be higher. And if he remains in the country the proof is complete that be finds them to he so. And no twaddle about " less populated areas " ur "undeveloped resources" can in auy way effect this ptuiu aspect of the case. It ia positively distressing to hear of a candi date so respectable in the ordinary walks of lifo as Mr. it. B. W ilkinpon occupying tne time of the electors by denouncing 'tho obstructive tactics of the Upposiiiou" iu the late Parlia ment. Such worse thau puerile prattle causes one to despair of the general crowd of the politi cians of New South Wales ever learning their political A. B.C. " Obstructive tactics," yea ; but against what were they directed Against the viie conspiracy by which the Government sought to feloniously strangle the policy of the couutrywhich they had piedged themselves to protect. Surely .Mr. Wukiuson cannot he blind to the significance ot what has happened siuce ' then and of what U happeuing now. However little he may know of polities, he must see that the electors of the colony are now rallving in an enormous majority to the maintenance of that policy of freetrade which he with others was ready to sell for a small mcis of pastoral pottige. He cannot help seeing that the vote of the electors now is a confirmation and en dorsement by the supreme authority of the action of tho Opposition against which he is wasting his time in futile protests. Surely there ts something comical, ami to political minds unaccountable, in the view of Mr. Forsyth pathetically refusing to recognise the dissolution, iu Mr. Bibbs pining in unavailing regrets over the resignation of the Ministry and in Mr. \\\ iikinsou uttering well-bred regrets over the obstructive policy of tne Opposition last session, a policy which, we say it deliberately, was tne only bright spot risible and the only possible basis of hope in the darkest hour of the political fortunes of .Yew Botiih Wales. Mr. Wilkinson went cm to declare himself "a pronounced freetrader!'' Jt is well to know this, inasmuch as any curious psychological anomalies are interesting to tho student of human nature. J hough he is a pronounced freetrader, It is only six mouths ago when Air. Wilkinson was taking a .silent part in a per fidious attempt to smuggle in protection. He was doing this in what wc all know now, as some of undeclared then, was dirert opposition to the will of the country. .Ur. Wilkinson is one of the many politicians who can reconcile pronounced freetrade principles with equally pronounced protectionist practice. And he even now has nothing but condemnation foriha-e truer and more earnest freetraders than himself whose heroic resistance to a malevolent political in trigue helped to arouse the country to its pre sent state of activity and decision. It at times tends to fill the observer of our political life with a feeling of hopelessness when he sees how few even of the educated arul well- meaning part of our politicians have taken the trouble to understand trie simplest rudiments of the political systcrh which they volunteer to ad minister. Another instance of the gros3 ignorance of the most clcmeuUfy political principles shown hy some of our so-called public men comes from Kiandra, where that constitutional lumi nary, Air. Harold Stephen, delivered himself of sotcc very odd opinions and declarations. We need not attempt to unravel the poor man's talk about " Sir Patrick Jennings doing wrong to dissolve Parliament without consulting the Ministry." But he went ou to intimate that iu the improbable event of his getting into Parlia ment " a vole of censure ou the Governor would be proposed ior granting a dissolution to Sir Henry Parkes." Air. Harold Stephen and Mr. Wilkinson are in the most complete accord in nttcrly ignoring the voice oi the country. Lt means nothing to either of them. There teems no reason why, if they are both returned, Atr. Wilkinson- Air. Forsyth, unhappily, being preven ted from being present — should not second Air. Stephen's vote of censure ou tbe Governor. If obstruction was wrong last sea- «ion, so undoubtedly was the dissolution. But the people of New South Wales ore affirtn- ing, by the results of every day's elec tions, that obstruction was not ouly not wrong but was an absolute duty, add that tbe dissolution wai an absolute neces sity to tho establishment of representative Government iu this colony. Of course, Air. Wilkinson and Air. Stephen are much better authorities than tho people : at the same time they rau?t admit thai they do not count for us much in the decision. We are glad to see that Mr. Want la auxloua to make his position clear and distinct as a de cided freetrader. We gladly accept such a declaration, while at the same time we must point ont that the candidate can readily recog nise in bis close association with Jenniugsisw a taint wld :!i exposed his ambiguous state ments to receive the most unfavorable con struction. Even now he says he is " a staunch freetrader, but not a rabid one." Well, tho question is not whether or not Air. Want is rabid, but what arc bia opinions ? Ilia answer is equivalent to saying that he is a believer in tbe multiplication-table, but not a rabid one. We don't wish Mr. Want or any other candi date to be rabid, but only that he should be faithful and honest. However, we are glad to welcome Mr. Want into the freetrade ranks, and are quite willing to believe that after the present lesson be will feel no disposition to take part in any attempt to sneak in the policy diametrically opposed to his declared opinions. Excepting the pronounced support accorded AIessr9. M'Calloch and Parkes, no definite idea can be formed of tbe intentions of this vast electorate to-day. Central Cumberland is so divided against itself, and the interests of the various corners are so diametrically opposed, that there is no possibility of ganging the general concensus of the electors. There ap pears to be no reason to donbt the re-election .of Alessrs. M'Culloch and Parkes, who have been well received throughout the country, but there exists a great deal of uncertainty as to which of tho others will gain tho third aedU Messrs. Nobbs, Farnell and Bull have met with varied receptions at each place, and each will poll well in bis favored district. The contest is really one between the southern, northern and central portions of the electorate. As it local man of enterprise and energy, Air. Nobbs will receive a pretty general support, and the fruitgrowers wiU stick to him to a tnan ) but his weakness will be found at Liverpool and Hyde — in fact, at the former place on Thursday evening he was " rotten-egged/' so incensed are the people of that place at the removal of the hustings from there. Mr. Farnell'S stronghold is Ryde and the immediate district, and a? he is receiving the support of Messta Af'Cnlloch and Parkes, his prospects of return are particularly good. Mr. Bull is undoubtedly the least popular, hut plnmpiag will bo resorted to considerably on his behalf. All his hopes of success are based upon the sec tarian vote. One of ihe luckiest escapees out of the pro tectionist rout is Mr. Garvan. Themati In pur suit of hifn was smitten by illness at the critical moment, and could not be nominated. So Mr. Garvan makes good his escape irom the promis cuous slaughter to which his party is being sub jected. Taking breath, he views the situation with a disparing eye. He admits that " therd will be only a small handful" of protectionists left politically alive after tho rout is over. Qnite trne. And that few is doomed to irredeemable bondage. This is a woeful dfunuwent for the man who undertook to " sweep the country" in lieu of Air. Abbott, who, after singing out Jacla alea est ! in the Domain, took second thought and, hastily picking up his stake, made a clean boll to the wildernGSfl. Air. Garvan attributes the carnage in which be finds himself overwhelmed to the concerted action of tbe merchant princes and importers of Bydney combining with all the resources of wealth aud inherited power to ciush the budding growth of protection. When Mr. Garvan settles dowu a bit and looks matters fairly iu tho face, he will fiud a much simpler way of expressing the cause of his unexampled overthrow. The naked fact is that protection has perished because tho overwhelming masses have voted straight lor free- trade. There can be nothing plainer than that. Whatever the resources of wealth could do wa3 hone on the other side. The union's purse must have been pretty well lined, considering the constant dctuauds it has been able to meet on account of lost deposits and political funeral expenses for martyred candi dates. At Argyle yesterday Mr 'Thomas I»o46, tbe secretary of the Protectionist Union, suffered au exceedingly careful and scientific wiping out.Tho Argyle freetraders went into the thing in the coid-blooded, deliberate manner of men who had one duty to perform irrespective of cost. The question was freetrade versus protection, and until that was settled every other matter was laid aside. Thus it is that, Out of close on a thousand votes each polled by the two free- trade candidates there was only u difference of four iu the totals. Plumpiug was evidently unknown and .a vote given whicll reflects the- highest credit ou the unselfishness of the Argvie constituency. Bad Fait Sydney, where Air. Garvan's " merchant princes and Importers" record their votes, been as true lo freetrade A3 Argvlc, whore the farmers and laborers hold sway, the ballot-box would have told a some what different tale from what it did. Cainden returns Mr. Garrett and Mj. M'Court. Air. Kidd was found sitting on the rail, and on the. off- chance of hi being a protectionist the farmers "potted" hiui. Serve him right will be the general verdict. Mr. ; AFCourt, a Moss Yale newspaper man defeated Mr. Kidd once before. The name u: his paper was the t)fos/ I 'ate Scnui'irer and while he was iu Parliament a local Shakes peare— iu the pay of tho enemy, no doubt- summed up Mr, APCourt's senatorial and jour nalistic qualifications as follows Your paper's now before me, Bill, Prom which it does appear You ttlu't tit for a uiemocr, Dill Nor ior a Scrutineer. This criticism seems to have made such an Im pression ou Air. Al'Court that at the next election be became neither a caudidatc nor a scrutineer. Air. Kidd then bobbed up again and got re-elected. Now, however, " Bill" thinkshe is fit to be a member, and judgingfrom the result of the poll his constituents have thought so till along. Hence, Air. Kidd again goes below. Mr. M'Court is a staunch free trader and a generally capable and trustworthy representative. At last tbe protectionists can claim a victory over a freetrader. They slew Mr. J. M. Purves yesterday at tho Clarence. Mr. Purves, although a freetrader, supported Jennings-Dibbsisin, and us his loss happily docs not count it is not much to be regretted that Nemesis has over taken him. Air. Day also gut in at Albury, bnt that cuu hardly be called the return of a New Bouth Wale? protectionist. He contracts the virus from Victoria, just through the consti tuency he represents not being sufficiently ven tilated by the air of New South Wales public opinion. Poor ALr. Crick was amongst those who met hift fate yesterday. He fell at East Macquarle, and his political ghost stalks abroad unavenged. Here is the Laud and Industrial Alliance com ing to Bydney and getting him to act as its secretary by leading the guileless yottth to believe that it will make him a member of Parliament right away. AU right. If there is any grit in Flaccus, this will have to be atoned for. We sbonld not wonder to see the alliance in smithereens within a week. Air. Bull's turn conies to-day. He is the sole protectionist victim to be led out for slaughter at Central Cumberland. It will not be the fault of the freetrade candidates, however, if he dues not succeed in making good his escape at the last moment. Four of them are bitterly fighting with each other- for the three seats just as if Air. Ball was not in the question. The man that caused this division should be treated as Air. Bull's confederate by freetraders when in the ballot-box to- day. Both names ought to be relentlessly scratched out. 