The Totalizator Sill. There is always a rush of private Bills in the first session of a Parliament, for hon. members generally, and new ones particularly, come from their constituents eager to astonish the colony with their " advanced ideas," and to air their special fads and hobbies. Already quite a respectable harvest of such measures has been reaped and consigned — not to the Statute Book—but to the Parliamentary waste paper room ; and it was not to be expected that Mr Rowland Rees would be able to refrain from posturing as a popular champion and an inveterate enemy of "goody-goodyism." Last Thursday week he announced that he had incubated a Totalizator Bill, and when asked what it consisted of, replied with profound sapience that it contained provisions which would conciliate opponents of the previously rejected Bills of the same general character. The Attorney - Genera^ remarked that the Ministry would leave the Bill an open question; it was ordered to be printed, and the second reading is to be taken on the 17 th of this month. Of course there is now no secret about the sweetening mixture which the ingenious Mr Rees has rolled up with his Totalizator pill to disguise the bitter flavor which the nostrum undoubtedly imparts to the moral palates of a considerable number of the Assembly members, and to a majority of those of the Council. Broadly speaking, the conciliatory proposal of Mr Rees is that the State should authorise a gambling monopoly, on condition that one third of tbe profits go to Adelaide charities and public institutions. Of course country institutions must stand on their own bottoms, or are considered to be too high-minded to participate in gambling gains. Perhaps Mr Rees will explain which of these two views he takes, when the Bill gets into committee; but at present the matter is doubtful, though the destination of the onethird profits is rigorously guarded by a clause empowering Societies to recover from racing clubs, and is moreover specified by schedule. The Adelaide Art Gallery, Hospital, Blind Deaf and Dumb Institution, Cottage and Orphan Homes, Children's Hospital, House of Mercy, Female Reformatory and Refuge, the Home for Incurables, the Sailors' Home, the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, and the Hebrew Ladies' Benevolent and Philanthropic Societies — all of the metropolis — are duly scheduled as as entitled to Totalizator subsidy. To deal with the provisions of the Bill seriatim—in the first place the Commissioner of Police is empowered to issue licences for the use of the totalizator, or any kindred contrivance, and everything connected therewith is exempted from the operation of the Police, Lottery and Gaming, and Totalizator Repeal Acts. A totalizator licence may be issued on the application of the secretary, treasurer, or committee of any "recognised" racing club, on payment, in advance, of a fee of a guinea for every day on which the " machine" is proposed to be used. It is laid down that a " recognised" racing club, if its office is within three miles of the Adelaide post office, must consist of 50 members paying an annual subscription ol two guineas each; anywhere else in the colony, 50 members at a guinea a piece will qualify. It is next provided that no dub shall be licensed for more than four days a year, and that the machine shall not be used more than 12 days in the year on any racecourse within 10 miles of the Adelaide post office, or more than 8 days per annum on any coarse outside that limit. The clubs when licensed, must not deduct from the money which passes through the machine more than per cent, commission, and one third of this commission must be paid over to one of the Adelaide institutions cited above, the particular one to which- the profit is to go being mentioned in the licence. Within three weeks of the issue of such a licence the club must forward to the Commissioner of Police a certified balance sheet of the receipts from the totalizator, and if this be no forthcoming in time, the secretary, treasurer, and committeemen of the defaulting club are liable to a penalty ol not less than or more than ;£io for every day's default. When this balance-sheet has been deposited with the Commissioner, the one-third share of the profits shown becomes a debt due by the club to the institution mentioned in the licence, and may be recovered at law from the secretary, treasurer, or any member of the club's committee. So much for the Bill—as to its fate there may be some uncertainty, though if it passes at all it will be in a mutilated form. The idea of sacrificing a principle lor a petty bribe to charities out of legalised gambling profits, is one which may commend itself to Mr Rees, but is far more likely to disgust than to conciliate any who object to the Totalizator on moral grounds. The question was given an absurd prominence during the late general elections, and the present Premier owed in part his rejection by tbe East Torrens electors to his determination not to support a legalised form of gambling. The Gaming Act of 1883, which was to suppress all forms of betting, has, however, proved a miserable failure so far as the " ring" is concerned, and while it has succeeded in burking the Totalizator, a rope ring (at the Woodside meeting laid on the bare ground) has proved sufficient legal protection for the professional layers of odds. The inequality of the present law is generally admitted; but while it is repugnant to English principles of fair play to make fish of one and fowl of another gambling practice, it is also opposed to English principles to legalise any form of betting. The experience of the continental nations shows that the State must draw a line somewhere between the liberty of th subject and the exercise of his gambling instincts—and nowhere but in the little principality of Monaco is a public gaming house now allowed. Here, in South Australia, when the totalizator was first legalised, the Bill which accomplished that work professed in its preamble to be intended "for the discouragement of gambling"—and a curious sort of discouragement it offered. Race meetings were got up and bogus clubs were formed for the express purpose of "running the machine," and the gambling mania infected hundreds of people who never would have thought of " backing their fancies" until that course was made safe, easy, and respectable by Act of Parliament. The Act was repealed in consequence; evil times for South Australia followed; racing, like every other expensive form of amusement, fell off; stakes dwindled, race horses went to other colonies where the people could afford to support the Turf handsomely without the Totalizator—and a great howl has been raised that racing in South Australia has been ruined by the abolition of the machine. If the Turf cannot exist in this colony without such adventitious aid as special legislation—foreign to the general spirit of its laws—in favor, not merely of gambling, but of a privileged monopoly in gambling, then racing in South Australia is in such a very bad way that its existence is not worth preserving. At the same time the inequalities of the present law should be removed, and if the Bill now under review does succeed in passing both Houses, it will probably be in such a form that its author will hardly be able to recognise it. The compromise which is most widely favored, and which will be generally acceptable, is the repeal of the Gaming Act of 1883, and the relegation of the ring and the totalizator to the operation of the Police Act THE SHEARERS' UNION.—A meeting of shearers was held at the Wharf Hotel, Port Augusta West, on Monday evening to discuss business relating to the Shearers' Union. About 30 shearers were present, and also a travelling agent of tbe Union, who had come from Port Lincoln, through the Gawler Ranges. Dissatisfaction having been freely expressed at tbe local Union agency being at Kauffman & Co's, it was unanimously resolved tbat Mr Harry White be appointed the Port Augusta agent of the Union. The Union rules were discussed, and it was agreed tbat tbe clause providing for tbe appointment of a committee on the shearing board had been very wisely struck out. The feeling of the meeting was then taken on tbe question of signing under private agreement for £1 per 100, or of engaging only through the Union and its agencies. It was unanimously decided to stick to the Union and its rules, and to sign only agreements through its agencies. THE SHEARER'S STRIKE.—A Yarrandale correspondent sends the following :—A meeting of shearers connected with the Amalgamated Shearers Union wae held at Yarrandale on August 1, and was well attended. Copies of telegrams sent to the committee at Port Lincoln were read, causing great excitement, and it was unanimously agreed to stick to the Union as long as there was a majority. Several non-union men were invited to attend, but positively declined, choosing rather to shear for 15s. per hundied. IMPOUNDINGS. — South Blinman — One bay filly, aged about three years, blaze down face, off hind foot white, branded like J; one chestnut filly, about four years, small star on forehead, branded like c9o on near shoulder; one chestnut mare, aged, branded like 000 with 9 under, or three blotches with 9 under, near shoulder. If cot claimed, will be sold August 13. Hawker—One brown draught horse, four years old, branded like 158 near shoulder. If not claimed will be sold August 25. THE MARINE BOARD.—At the Marine Board's meeting on Thursday last it was decided, on the report of the Port Augusta harbor master, to have the buoys and t beacons in the Port Augusta channel repainted and overhauled. It was reported that £8 la. worth of silt had been sold during July; and Warden Neil called attention to the fact that the Board's revenue during the financial year ended June 30 bad exceeded its expenditure by £283, whereas in the previous year expenditure exceeded revenue by £8,173. A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN MEDICAL GRADU- ATE.—From the Evening Journal we learn that the mail steamer Valetta brought wor>i that Mr Alfred W. Hill, L.R.C.P., M.R.C.S., Eng., of Adelaide, having passed " with distinction" the necessary examinations at Brussels, has received the degree of M-D. from the University of that city. Dr Hill, who iB again in London, having completed his term at the Royal London Ophthalmic Institution, Moorfielde, and is at present engaged at the Ear and Throat Hospital, has signified hie intention of returning to Adelaide per Orient steamer Liguria in the course of a few weeks. He is brother to the Rev. J. C. Hill, of Port Augusta. THE COLONIAL MUTUAL LIFE ASSOCIA- TION SOCIETY.—We have received the annual report of the Directors of this 8ociety for the year ended March 31, 1887\. It states that during the 12 months 3,994 policies, for a total amount of £1,305,000, were issued ; 732 policies, for £235,712, were in various stages of completion ; and 829, for £328,565, were declined, withdrawn, or abandoned. Tue increase in annual income from new policies was £37,138, aod tbe total annua! income from premiums and interest exceeded £250,000. During the 12 months 178 policies matured, by death or otherwise, and £57,158 was paid on their socount. The balance-sheet Bhows the amount of the funds at the beginning of the y>ar at £566,084, and at its end as £666,342—an increase of over £100,000 ADELAIDE STOCK SALES.—Wm. Dean and Son report of last week's live stock markets, as follows :—Fat sheep—10,600 were yarded, of which a large portion were only fair quality mutton. There was only a moderate trade demand, and graziers bought but few. Consequently some 3,200 sheep, mostly of inferior quality, remained unsold. Prices about the earns as last week. We sold 2,837 ewes and wethers at rates as follows— Prime merino wethers, for L. G. Browne, Esq., of Buckland Park, at 14s., and good crossbreds 15s. 6d.; for Messrs Fitzgerald, MeConville, Wallace, and others, merino wether*, good, lis. to 12s., others, fair to good, 9s. to 10s., inferior at less, best merino ewes 8s. to 9s, others 7s. 6J. e Fat lambs—Lot were forward, meeting a ready sale, at for best, prime, and well grown, 10s. to 10s. 6d., good 8s. 6d to 9B. 6d., medium to 8s. We Bold 74. Cattle—657 penned, 748 sold, all from Queensland and the North, with the exception of 47 from New South Wales. Quality fair to good. Country buyers purchased freely. Prices showed a slight improvement on last week. We quote beBt beef 17s. to 18s. per 100 lb., others to 15s. Calves—About 77 formed the supply. Sales throughout were quite equal to last week's good prices. Pigs— 350, the greater portion being stores. Ail Bold well, good porkers being in especial demand. We sold 54 at full market rates. A SEVERE CASTIGATION.—The " unruly member" of the new representative for Yorke'e Peninsula has several times already betrayed him into statements which, if made outside Parliamentary precincts wou'dprobably have resulted in libel suits. Generally, however, he has had the discretion to confine his attacks to Civil Servants, who have not the privilege of replying through the Press. However, the pragmatical Bartlett " put his foot in it" very deeply when he tackled Mr J. H. Symon, Q.C. Tbat sarcastic ex-legislator has forwarded the following letter to both of the city dailies, which have promptly published as handsome a scarification as ever appeared in their "open columns." It runs thus : — A distinguished legislator named Bartlett has the impertinence to put on the records of the House of Assembly a question for Tuesday next, asserting that the gates on my property at Upper Sturt were "transferred" from the Riilway Department, and inquiring, amongst other things, upon whose recommendation this was done. Now, if this ignorant slanderer had asked me personally where I got my gates and whether I had paid for them, I should probably have adopted the familiar formula of telling him to ; well, to make his inquiries elsewhere. If he had contented hiiPBelf with asking in Parlia ment whether any railway gates had ever been supplied to me, I should have left him and his question to my friend the Commissioner (Mr Catt); but when sheltering himself, like any vulgar assassin, behind the privileges of the House he so greatly adorns, he assumes a fact which is untrue, and imputes scandalous conduct to honorable men in the railway service, I think it my duty to quench, as far aB I can,I his thirst for information. His assertion is an infamouB fabrication. No railway gates were ever " transferred" to my property at the Upper Sturt, nor did the railway, or any other department, ever supply ire with gates of any kind whatever. The iron gates on my land never belonged to the railway or any other department. Being desirous of encouraging local industry out of my own pocket, and not by taxing other people, I ordered my gates in 1884 from those very excellent tradesmen, Messrs James Newbery & Sons, of the Parade, Norwood, who made them for me, and delivered them on my property, where they were duly put up, and where this person, Bartlett, on some occasion when prowling round my premises, has no doubt seen them, Would it be unreasonable if under these circumstances the honorable member for Yorke'e Peninsula were expected to apologise for his wanton and unjust insinuations against the Railway Department and its officials? I have a high respect for the House of Assembly as a constituent body, for itB Speaker, and for many of its individual members. I hope to see its traditional tone and character maintained; bnt it is a hope mingled with doubt, if a member like this product of Yorke'e Peninsula is encouraged s or permitted to make with impunity groundless charges of improper oondpet against public servants.—I am, &o.;, J. H. SimN\ CHESS CLUB.—The annual meeting of 1 the Port Aujinsla Chees Club, which was ' to have takum pUce !nst Wednesday evening, was postponed owing to the paucity of the att^n lance and the engagement of the Clnb room for other purposes. The meeting will b..~h- Id to-night, in the Club R-min, at 7 oVo<:k, v.hen it is to bo hoped that tJi«re will lie u good muster of members. THE RAILWAY MANAGEMENT BILL.— Tb j discususiou of ibis tneaBuro in Committee of the At=s-inbly was resumed last WedneBday, but though there was a great deal of talk, little was done. The postponed clause^ constituting the Railway Commissioners a Supply and Tender Board, was passed without a division ; but amendments poured in to clause 65, which makes £300 the limit of the Commissioners' liability for compensation to any one for a railway accident. The Attorney-General proposed to restrict tbe operation of the clause to actual passengers, and the amendment was acccpted after it had been expanded so as to put railway employes on the same footing as passengers. Mr Burgoyne proposed to add to the clause provision for the issue of accident insurance tickets to passengers; and Mr Gilbert moved to make tbe compensation limit £500 instead of £300. The Government then proposed to dispense with compensation altogether, except under an insurance ticket. Mr Burgoyne's amendment was finally carried, and the clause was passed pro forma, to be reconsidered this afternoon, as hon. members had got mixed over the clause and wanted a clean reprint. The Attorney-General handed in new clauses for consideration, one providing for the issue of accident insurance tickets at all railway'etatione, and tbe other fixing the maximum amount of insurance in any one risk at £3000. THE DISTRICT COUNCILS BILL.—In the Assembly on Thursday last the Premier moved the second reading of this measure in a lengthy and lucid explanatory speech. There was no discussion afterwards, Mr Krichauff merely expressing hearty approval of the Bill, and the adjournment of the debate being immediately moved by Sir John Downer. We have already dealt with the detailB of the measure, and consequently need now only r*fer to points upon which the Premier's speech has thrown additional light. He said that the Bill was intended to do away with the dual control of mads, to place all the settled districts under local government, nod to relieve the State of the cost of management under Local Road Boards, At present the latter cost amounted to £9,000 p could be saved under the Bill this year, and the whole of it during next year, Then it had cost £12,000 last year for the maintenance of roads outside of District Councils; thiB amount could not be saved during the current year, because the new Councils would not get into work ing order in time, but it could be saved in 1888-9, and from £2,000 to £5,000 a year expended on scrub roads would be saved, also the subsidy of 5s. in tbe £1 to be paid this year. As a compensa tion for local rating the District Councils would receive auctioneers' and publicans' licence fees and fines, and they would have the expenditure of the £50,000 voted for Main Roads, distributed among them proportionately to the length of the roads within their bounds and the amount of traffic on them. A Bill would be introduced next session amending the Corporations Act, giving municipalities the same right to licence fees as District Councils, as soon as the subsidies were entirely aoolished, and the police rate would also be considered in connection with the Corporations Bill. The Premier warned hon. members not to intefere with the schedule of districts, as they could not alter the bounds of one district without disturbing those of others, and ample power was given under the Bill for the enlargement or alteration of tbe districts. Altogether six districts were abolished, 38 enlarged, and 16 new ones created, by the Bill. THE QUORN INSTITUTE.—The first annual meeting of the members of the Quorn Institute was called for Thursday, July 28, but immediately after the President (Mr W. C. Barton) had formally opened tbe meeting, a motion was carried to adjourn till next evening. On Friday night there was a fair attendance, but the members did cot muster nearly so strongly as had been anticipated, though once the m«rc mooting of " Sunday opening" would have ensured a full meeting The annual report congratulated the members on the satisfactory financial position of the Institute. The year's receipts had been £112 19s. 3d., of which members' subscriptions amounted to £33 3s. 4d., and Government subsidy for the half- year ended December 31, to £14 5s. The total expenditure was £116 13s. 8d, and of tl-is Bum £9319s. lid. was paid for furniture,fittings, books, and periodicals; and outstanding liabilities were fully counterbalanced by by rentB and subscriptions still uncollected. The library contained 430 volumes, about 60 of which had been presented by the late Quorn Book Club, and Mr E. Gilbert had also presented several of the late John Timbs' most interesting works on Historic London. It wae confidently expected that considerable additions would soon be made to the library. During the year 45 members had joined at full, and 17 at lower rates. According to the Librarian's books, 2,404 volumes had been iBsoed, and good care had been taken of the books. The public readingroom had been well patronised, but some unprincipled persons had, on Beveral occasions, stolen newspapers and periodicals, and many of the papers bore decided marks of rough usage. The report went on to say that " perhaps the reference thus publicly made to this unpleasant subject might reach the ears of the culprits, and deter them from a repetition of such contemptible conduct." (Several copies of the Dispatch, with accounts of the Cradock ghost scare, were taken without permission, interesting paragraphs were cut out of the dailies, and several numbers of Chamber's Journal were myBteriously spirited away, probably by the ghoBt's alter ego ) When discovered the guilty parties will be immediately prosecuted. A dramatic entertainment, organised by Mr H. J. B. Carbery, realized £9 15s. Though no classes had been formed, a determined effort wonld soon be made to do so. The report concluded by hoping that with greatly improved finances, the Institute might be able during the ensuing year to materially enlarge the sphere of its usefulness, and be no mean factor in helping thoughtful men and women to grapple more intelligently with the many grave problems confronting the age. The reports and balance-sheets were received and adopted mem. con. Mr A. B. Moncrieff was elected President; Messrs J. Mansom and W. C. Barton, Vice Presidents ; Mr F. Smith, Treasurer ; Mr F. F. Wbololmu, Secretary ; Messrs Juffrey and Curhery, Auditors ; and Messrs Cameron, Foster, Hewitson, Messenger, and the Rev. W. F. Marshall, Committeemen. After an animated discussion Mr W. F. Marshall withdrew his motion that a small charge should be made to all non members who used the reading room, excepting only bonajide visitors. The great question of the evening should have been the " Sunday opening" debate, but after some brief but sensible remarks from the proposer, Mr H. N. Lindschau, the motion was put and only loBt by tbe casting vote of the Chairman. Votes of thanks to the retiring officers and to the Chairman concluded the meeting. 