ANNUAL SBMONBY THE.PEV. F The following it th® sermon delivered by the Be. £> Dle at the eloae of the sittings rf&e; OoBRregatioual Union i—,: V WE THUS POSITION AND WORK OF THE CHRISTIAN MINISTRY, „ r a man so account of us as ministers f Christ and stewards of the mysteries of iiad I. Cor. iv.. 1. ah I a® speaking to the members »»o TeDteEentatives of the Congrtgational !hnrcb6B of this colony, it seems eloper Vision for considering the true position and inTkoftbe Christian ministry. Paul's eon- Motion of the Christian ministry is illustrated with characteristic vividness in the early chapters of this epistle, and it is expressed brFeflv but impressively m the worda of the jj6t a man so account of us as ministers Christ snd stewards of the mysteries of Clod. If I were speaking to a congregation con- «i»tinE exclusively of ministers, I could find in tJese words the law which should control both thfienbstanoe and the manner of their preach IT and which should regulate the disci- time and conduct of their intellectual life. I could bibo find in it motives of supreme energy to sustain the most strenuous fidelity to their trust in the presence of a hostile I temper, whether in the church or in general society. This conception of the ministry fhonld re-invigorate the courage and hope of Christian ministers in times of despondenoy, and rs- kindle the fires of their enthusiasm. Eat I want to speak principally to those in this congregation who are not ministers. I Eael was not addressing ministers alone, and I tailing them how they ought to regard their I office and their work. He was addreBBing the I whole church, and he w&b; telling the church I hbw it ought to regard himself, and Apollos I sad Peter, and the other xeligiouB teachers. I he evidently believed that it was of grave I piau'ical importance that ordinary Christian I people Bhould have clear and just thoughts I concerning the place and work of Christian I ministers in the cburoh, and sbotild he able to I form a true judgment concerning what con- I Etituted the worx and power and glory of their I ministry. Indeed it iB apparent from tbis I epistle that a false conception of the I Corisiian ministry aggravated, some of I the most flagrant evils and disorders I of the Corinthian Church; and »t would be I essy to ebow by an appeal to the history and I present condition of the great churches, both I of the East and the West, that in later agf S I the general prevalence of a conception of the I Christian ministry still more falee has been I the cause of evils still more flagrant. I Bat dif missing all bistorioal illustrations of I the importance of a true conception of Abe I work of the mieistry, let me ask you to I consider tbe great, the almost , decisive, I influence which any conception of the Obris- I tian ministry generally prevalent among our- selves muBt exert on the life of onr own churches in our own times. THE BEST TRADITIONS OF CONGREGATIONALISM I We have lost some of the b6st traditions of Congregationalism. When our eccle&i;&etio;&l; I ancestors broke away from tbe English I Establishment three hundred years ago, and H attemp'ed to restore tbe true ideal of the H Christian church as " an august society of saints"— a Eociety every member of which has received tbe life of God and is under the continuous inspiration of the Holy Ghost— they never dreamt of attributing to the chief pastor of the church the large responsibilities which now belong to the Congregational minister. He shared tbe spiritual SUperin- tendence of tbe church with < everal elderB, whose duty it was to watch, with inoesaanfi and affectionate vigilance, the : moral conduct and spiritual fidelity of every church member ; to visit the sick, to give advice to those who were in difficulty, to warn tbose whose zeal for Christ was losing I !!' ferVcur' 8nd to eDcourege and Btrengtben by hearty avmpatby the devout, the earnest, sod the loyal, fa the ordinary services of the church he was not left alone, ft was not sup- I rTn at 006 mau could ever receive from ujd all those varied powers which are neoes- I rW" ade(luate instruction of tbe ohuroh 1 I! , sdan truth, and for the discipline of its 0Ial 8nd spiritual perfection. In addition to tbe pastor, who was expected to have a special Qer fr earnest and impressive exhortations, I j-o special wisdom enabling him to give the I ,Q.l we counsels in relation to the o induct I tunln 6l>lritnal and moral life, there waB & teacher — or, as be was sometimes I tmf a ocfr— a learned man, who conld I Ji.!m l Scriptures, and who could dis I Igiu!6 c1©"q®8» snd large know- In iu . Chr!8tian doctrine. Nor was this ail. I wm a\We£honld call the church meetings, ic I to ni! t f,0r me membeta of the cburoh I belif«H lu other. Whatever any man 1 thonoh? , r. b&d; iearnt ooncerniog the I od he was at liberty to make 8 w&sijw; assembly. If one man's heart B lor Wlt|k 'f16 fire f s«» unusual love B to Irinii Btood DPiQ the church and tried I ethren TfB 8ame 0V8 to the hearts of hia I had j t0 anther some Divine promise B to aumfted a wealth of meaning; or if I bfiwliffht 6ou -1,vfDe Precept hod thrown B t&nehr; irn tlstian duty ; if another bad I tt,a8'?„p8e' ot W glory on com. I their di ct»ne— they endeavoured to share I n teams Jveri.e® with tbe chorch. And so B uroh thlr,Bplt a&l; fre flowed into the fl bue, D0 channels. It is still fl from ? J f at n every church what fl wbv to icdividusl members finds 1 -«> am "S6"' ""V « « o« twenty fl ?01nen teeaitm « a or f?ur— own and fl hght and on II ocession of spiritnal ; fl iheir wbole chnrch may share fl Station' th! accrdiD8 to our present 'bowledoft .pxactloal righteousnese, toe I 0(6 church fwJS7' an(1 tbe earneetneee ? fl >ttbst»0pead nv-ou the Pt6r to an H Cotolecat; a® never intended by the early fl ve& jag, PMtor ahould ! fl 'n4 thould havfi ti nafcute bis works. \- fl conteDtLn r "16811' th8 clearest, and fl Utbe faith&i; ? ! nnner in whioh he I la? hl8 trU3fcv fl atom. EPTI0N OF THE MDJIBTBX, io I oTfiP8' amonCoDgregationaUete-"jmore fl other descriptions 2 1 «Mch option of the gj lues tho Prevail a in the chnrK | fl f t ministry vrieh % 1 «iKte,8themMlvM' Before mm aid % \Ate s ikjfl tw ct)Qtch abonttE.6 ltle. common thocght mm si&tohonbt; -WM W ministera 1» churches ; but after ffll Shbns with on-. at? 8pt in the closest mm, ft«btiwu5 2£fP There is less of wm element among RB thto - I - ' 1 11 .i.i. -ii among toe ministers of most other oburdbba. w« 'jciim no sacerdotal prerbgatives and We«o not stiiid apart people. We do noiJ COnstitute a sacred oaBte S / f «e wear no distinctive areas. S )me of us decline a distinctive title, i j«5 re/?li,n en in bur rpirit and habits) f life. Owasionslly we have mcetibgs cf bur 0#0, and tberh l8 no doubt a teoee of brother, hood binding us very olosdy to ell who abate our ministerial work. But we breathe the common aw, end we are not controlled by the traditions of a4 highly organised profession, r oouoaption .of the ministry will, in the Bubsfeance of it, be oars. f And furtber, the responsibility of appointing ministers to vacant pastorates lies with the church itself ; and churches will tint elect diff;r vety widely firom their own. If dfour conception of tbe ministry is false And in- adequate, yoiu are ' likely to choose for your ministers men wh<>Ee conception of it is; equally false and equally inadequate. , : It is, therefore, of exception al importance that < he members of Oorgreg&fional; ohnrcbes: should sometimes consider what a Christian minister ought to bei, what is his trne worth, and from what sources hie ministry derives its charm, ita worth, ana its real power. the ideal of the ministry. Listen then to Bahl— ' Let a man Bo aocount of as as of ministers of' Christ and stewards of the mysteries of God." ThiB is to be your ideal of tbe ministry. This is to govern your, judgments of individual ministers.' The words require very little explanation. We are ministers— servants of Christ— not your servants, first of all. but His. He is. onr true Master and Lord,' - If we have any ' right to be. ministers of tbe church, it is because we have been called to tbe ministry 'by Him, kcd qualified for its cesponsibilities by the inspira tion of tbeSpirit. You appointed ua to the pastorate begauaa you found in us the signs that it was the will of Christ -that we ehou d be your pastorB. It is to Christ that we are responsible. We muet be -faithful to Him, and only as we are faithhil to Bim are we faithful to you. It ie the true Congregational theory of the ministry. The minister receives bis vooation and his powers from Christ, The church, if loyal to its ' Lord, endeavours to discover to whom the vocation and these powers have been given. It does not act according to its own taBtes and preferences, but endeavours to learn the will of Christ. We are servants of Ohtist, and " stewards of the mysteries of God." With these Divine mysteries we are entrusted. Tbey constitute tbe treasure which we have to distribute, ana to distribute wisely among you. By the myBteries of God Paul does not mean the Christian sacraments. Christ sent me, says Paul, not to baptise, but to preach the Gospel. If the supernatural j grace con ferred on baptism were among toe mysteries of God of which the apostle was a steward, be oculd not have ased that language. His re ferences to the Lord's Supoer oontained in some of the later chapters of this epistle are equally inconsistent with the supposition that themyeteree are the sacraments. By a mystery of God Paul means a Divine thought or purpose, which man could not discover for himself, bnt whioh God had revealed. In Komans xvi., 25, he says : " Now unto Him that is able to stablish you according to my gospel, and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the mystery which hath been kept in silence through time eternal, but now is manifested." Io Epheaians L, 9, he says that God haB made known unto us tbe mystery of His will according to His good pleasure wbiob He pur posed in Him unto a dispensation of tbe fulness of tbe timeB to sum up all" things in Christ. ' Io the second chapter of this epistle, he epeaka of "Gd'a wisdom in a mystery — even toe wisdom that hath been hidden," but which was now revealed to the church, The mysteries of God, of which Paul says that the ministers of Christ are the stewards, are therefore those great manifestations of the life and thought and purposes of God whioh have ccme to ns through the Lord Jesus Christ — truths which no man couid discover for himself, Divine revelations Riven in Christ, in the nature of Christ; the words Christ, the history of Christ, the death of Christ, the resurrection of Christ, the ascension of Obris t, the glory of .Christ. These mysteries are an august, an awful trust, It should be the obief endeavour of the Christian minister to master them himself by the illumination of the Spirit of God, and to make them known to otberB, These constitute the central forces of hie ministry. Apart from these he is powerless io relation to the chief purposes for which he is made a minister ; tbeaeoohetitnte the supreme work of bis ministry ; without these he cannot distribute to the cburoh the treasure of which he ought to be the steward ; he has no trea sure to distribute. This conception of the ministry sweeps away, cuts up by tbe roots, a conception of the ministry which here and there began to make ita appearance in our churches some twenty or thirty years ago, and which has not wholly disappeared. doubters bhould not be teachers. There are people who have a deep sym pathy with honest doubt — and so have I — who say that with great uncertainty about the intellectual forms under which the truths of the Cbrietian faith Bhould be oonoeived, and with great uncertainty at to theeubetanoe of many of the trnthB which have a place in the traditional creed of the church, there may be a real faith in God and a real love for Christ. So do I. But then tbey go on to eay that such men— excellent, devout men "—who are honestly said humbly searching for truth, but who as yet haya made sure of very little, are proper persons to become the pastors and teachers of churches. There I differ from them. While men haye nearly everything to ldam — no matte J:h?w gpc>d and devont they ace— their tree -plSMto is amoDg the learners, not among the . teachers. Before a man becomes a teacher)? should know something, and be sure thatLekcowsit. And before a man becomeB toOtefl«|Of a Christian cburoh be should consmoUalyV&oBseBB; those mysteries of God which it is his office to distribute to the people. " . - - I say toat before a man teaches he should know something— not everything. To auy iian whb' htereaily seen the glory and the majesty of; God in Christ, that wonder ful viba will become more dazriiug and more glorious, as years go on. To any mui who is wider r the teaching of tifce Holy Ghost, that teacbing trill dis close, yteT: after jrear,';mw,- .wi&wider; regious of Divine truth, and will so illu minate truths with which be . jim been iotig familiar that it will often ewm ss if be bad never known them bOfoie. But begin to tesch tbe oharcb, the churcti which oousistB mipa women woo have found in Christ tbe forgive ness oL sin, access to God, the power of the Holy Ghost enabling them to keep Gteft9 com" mandments, the -hope of eternal glory— I say that tofoto a man wns to titetli thhchttKdb» \- ; '> - 5 'j" A'."y&S; i " 3 be- should bave soroetbine to toaohj And it is hot enough that be knows something and can teach spmetblng. Be must know for.him 8dfo ynerih of God hrbich Jb a ve s; the inaprtration And the power 6f . all ChriBtian teaching from apostolic-- times "lo Our btro. Whatever else be knows, though it mky liave itB ue, leaves bim unprepared, unfit for' his work. - ! the . servant not the oritio of christ. ' And be must be a servant of Chrlsii, hot the critic of ChriBt ; not the critic of Christ's teaching, or of His methods, but Christ's servant, To bim CbriBt'e will must be final ; and he mustj have, some dear knowledge of what Christ's' will is; for if be is hot sure of the will of Christ, bow can he do it himself, or tesoh others to doit? Nor will there merely be an hbneBt desire, as far as. the will of Christ is knowu, to do it, and wW as tbe teaching of Christ is known, to illustrate acd enforce it. The servants of Christ in every age have had a great devotion to Him, This has been tbe strength of their righteousness This has Riveo intensity to their joy in God, and to their power for serving man. It Is one of the most obvious and elementary con ditioDB of a vigorous and noble life in the church that tbis devotion should exist in tbe minister. To him ChriBfc should be infi nitely great and infinitely dear. He&rt; and imagination should be filled with Christ; tbe intellectual life should be penetrated, transformed by the thoughts of Christ ; there should be absolute, unreserved, exulting surrender of the life to Christ. His greatness should fill the soul -with awe and reverence, should often Bubdue it to silence, and almost paralyse its strength. His authority should be supreme, and no iiferior pretensions, whatever their splendour or their fascination — however venerable they may be, whatever recognition tbey may enforce from other men —should have power to move him. It ehonld be apparent to all that for him ChriBt is fiiBt — always, everywhere, and in all things. I want to know whether that is tbe preva lent conception and ideal of the Christian ministry among you, and among the Congrega tional churches, of ibis country generally. If not, breathe no complaint that tne ministry is less effective than it should be. You make your ministers, as the heathens made their gods, in your own likeness ; and even if they sometimes have glimpses of a fairer, nobler, diviner idea), it will be bard for them to make it real, unlesB it is yours &b; well as theirs. what is the essential in a minister? I read a great many letters and articles in religious newspapers about tbe ministry, and about what the ministry ought to be if it is t<> exert any powerful influence on the thoughts and life of our own age I read occasionally letters aud artiolea on the same subject in tbe secular newspapers. And what troubles me is that all tbe articles and tbe letters in both descriptions of newspapers are very much alike. Tbey make the same complaints ; they propose to us similar changes they seem to have very much tbe same ideal. Neither the secular sews- papers nor the rel gions newspapers seem to be chit fly anxious that ministers thonld be servants of Christ and stewards of tbe mys teries of God, I sometimes listen to conver sations about the ministry, and about the reasons why one man tails and why another man succeeds— why one man has a large con gregation and another a small cne, I s ldom find that the inquiry goes to the root of tbe matter ; tbe diBcuseions do not show that Paul's conception of what the Christian minister ought to be bss taken possession of tbe thought and is controlling tbe judgment of tbose who have taken part in the discus sion. Now and then I read descriptions of myself, and of my own preaching. They are nearly always kindly — indeed, I cannot re member seeing any unkindly description for many years. Sometimes tbey are very clever. They have beau of use to me. Tbey are always too generons in their praise, and their friendly criticism of an adverse Bort nearly always seems to me to bit real limits But the praise is for things that Paul would have regarded as very un important, and t e cr t'tciem is suggested by defects whioh be would have 'hooght equally unimportant. When y< ur ministers are away from home you J'sten to otber preachers. I dare say that you discuss their merits very freely. Perhaps you sometimes forget the words oi Christ — 11 Judge not, that ye be Dot judged," But your discus sions show what are the points which first occur to you when thinking of a minister aud of tbe way in which he preaches. It might often be well to check the expression of the criticisms, and to ask whether what yen were abont to say showed that your thoughts about what the ministry ought to be are time and Christian. eloquence not the great merit of preaching. There are people who evidently think tbat the great merit of preaching lies in its eloquence, or- what is regarded as its eloquence Tbey are rapturous in -heir admiration if a man is interesting, picl uresque, imaginative, pathetic ; if sometimes ha rites to passion, and is sometimes Blightly humorous ; if he has a pleasant voice, speaks naturally, and if his English is clear, bright, graceful, and vigorous, I do not undei-estimate tbe worth of these qualities— perhaps, like many others, I have thought too much of them. It iB clear that the Corinthian Christians were of this way of thinking. Some of them cared more -for those of their own teachers who had hardly any knowledge of the central glorieB of the ChriBtian revelation, but who were charm ing, brilliant speakers, than for Paul bimseif. And this was one of the signs that toey were oarnal men, babes in Christ, with no lofty and generous conception of Christian morality, and were actually incapable of jMing taught the higher truths of the Ghriatiau gospeL Eloquence ! Yes. it is a glorious power;- bnt tbe eloquence -charac tefistic of the Christian preacher is not to be About suns and Btars, storms and sunsets mountains and oceans, or tbe mastery of man bver nature, or his intellectual triumphs, or the Common tragedies of human life. These may dome in by the way, almost because we cannot help it ; his true eloquence lies in illustrating the transcendent glory of Christ, toe greatnesB . pf the love tbat moved Him to descend from tbe eternal throne that our ruined race might have its home with God, ihh awf illness of the Divine sovereignty, the infinite contrast between' righteousness and tin, A preaoher is eloquent— good ; but what is be eloquent about ? a knowledge of. human nature not the " | " one Thing indispensable. w There are other people who think that a knowledge of human nature is toe ohie charm of a preacher. Tbey like bim to tell them about themeelves— still more, perhaps, ' abont »h«r neighbours. If be knows a great daf bout men and women and children; ab ut the humonrs and eccentricity of old people ; about thef ardours, the dreams, the gftteroAe impulses oi tbe young, and also their mtetS , self-distrust or their pleasant con cei CjJHHfiJ self confidence ; about the folltes of life azdMjfll «Tii ways of tirade; if be touchee dESPVP fit ese 'binge wi h a kindly pity; others with sympathy which shows that be is human,; ted denounce others with a wbolesome indigDH- tion-r-tbey -say j ( i" Ah. boW practical he is t He )4no dreaming my s tip— no dry theologian. " True./ T » fpek to meu and womec wejaonst know aud sometimes ( tbe preaoher mut t speak to i hem about tbemrolves. But, after all, than is hot his charscteristi busmen You tell me that a preacher has a wonderful knowledge of human. nature, That is. good as far bb it yoe $ bot-hae he a knowledge of the mysteries of God? If An Eoglish ambassador is living in Paris it is very desirable that he should have a knowledge of the people of France; but what is first of all necessary is that he should have a knowledge of the temper arid will of the people of England, and that be should know tbe mind of the Government he represents. He might be able to write charming books on the life and the manners of the Frsiich ; but if he did not read the despatches that came to him Iroin home, if be was not fully possessed of the policy, the mysteries, of the English Cabmeh, he would be a very poor ambassador. scholarship not she summum bonum There are other people, again, who beyond all otber things desire that Christian ministers should have a more generous learning and a more vigorous intellectual discipline. I agree with them. It is time tbat we bad more cf that massive scholarship which in our Puritan and Nonconformist ancestors was osneie tent with a glorious fervour of de votion — more of that keen and mascu line intellect which in them was consistent with tbe humblest and most childlike faith. It may be that men who have no faith wi:l regard with a certain deference a Christian minister who is their intellectual equal, or their intellectual superior; but he ought to care very little for the deference with which they regard himself — his supreme concern should be to induce them to receive the Gospel. And in the church it ought never to be forgotten that a minister's general learning — no matter how precious in itself— is worthless for the ends of his ministry apart from his knowledge of divine and eternal tenth. If a physician is master of his own art, you may like him the better because he is familiar with the general literature of his own and foreign countries ; can talk to you about the Elizabethan poets, and about Italian painters, and about the philosophy of Kane and Hegel ; but if he knows very little about medicine he is a poor physician, and you do not care to consult him, whatever he may know about literature and art. And if a preaoher knows very little about the mysteries of God, a church makes a great and fatal mistake in electing him to the pastorate, whatever his knowledge of the sciences or of what is called modern thought. the importance of theological knowledge. There is one great science, however, with which every man that is to become a teacher of the church should give a large measure of his time and strength. I mean the science of theology, which, indeed, is not so much a science as a group of sciences. He ought to learn the true nature of the Revelation which God has given to the human race, and the true nature of the books which record it. He ought to learn the content of that Revelation, to grasp for himself uto divine facts and those divine ideas which are made known to men under the imperfect form of human his tory and of human speech. He onght to discover the mutual relations of these sur- prising mysteries and their relations to human thought, conduct, and destiny. He ought to know which of them are central, vital, supreme, and to verify for himself the connec tions between these and all the rest. He ought to have some organised and coherent intel lectual conception of them all And this is what is meant by the science of theology. It is the intellectual interpretation of tha mysteries of God. It assists the spiritual as well as tbe speculative apprehensions of those mysteries, It keeps the mind and heart i.i their neighbourhood and nnder their influence It leads to the discovery of some that might have been overlooked. To a man's preaching this great science gives firmness, variety, and vigour; it saves him from agitation and alarm when the tempests of unbelief beat heavily on the faith ; it saves him from being driven to and fro by every vagrant wind and current of thought in the church itself. But for a generation or two at least our churches have cared very little for theology, and therefore ministers have cared too little for it. The churches are suffering the penalty of their mistake, for preaching— so men tell me — is wanting in the masculine energy, the intellectual richness, which only theology can give it. . There is another and still graver and moro false mistake about tbe ministry which Paul condemns by implication in these words, and which he directly attacks with vigour and overwhelms with scorn in other parts of his epistle. THE WISDOM OF ADVANCED THOUGHT. There are people— I trust they are not very numerous, but they are very persistent in making themselves heard — who tell us that between the thought of the Church and the thought of what they call the age — by which they mean the thought of the world — there is a lamentable schism ; and that if the Christian preacher desires to get a hearing from large classes of the community he must revise and re-construct the very sub- stance of his faith. He must appropriate and make his own the freer, larger, more liberal thought of those who have not received the Christian Gospel. He must blend it with as much as he can of the old faith; and he mus make it plain tbat he has shared in the general intellectual development of the time. He will then obtain a respectful bearing from those who now refuse to listen to him, and who have come to regard the traditions of the church as wholly incredible. I dare say some of you have heard a policy of that kind recom mended as- the ..only policy that can save the chnrch; and perhaps you may. know of some preaobers who have tried, but with no bril liant success, to follow it. This policy is not a new one. It is eighteen hundred yean old— rather more- Ic was very popular in the church at Corinth. There weie teaohers of this sort — men who brought the wisdom — what would now be called the ad vanced thought— of the world over to that brilliant, disorderly, religious community. Paul gave them, in sharp words, a very plain and very humiliating advice—' If any man thinketh that he is wise among you in this world' —(wise in the wisdom of the age) ; and is on this ground, he desires to be a teacher in the church—" let him become a fool that he may become wise." These teachers and their followers wanted to stand well with the people outside the church— to retain the intel lectual respect of their friends and neighbours who had not become Christians; and they seem to have succeeded. How Paul scoffs at them!— We apostles are fools for Christ's sake ; but we are wise in Christ ; we are weak, but ye ate strong; ye have glory, but we have dishonour. " The temptation under which these Corin thian Christians fell has not passed away. Perhaps in their weakness and sin some of us can see our own. Ohristian people ' were regarded by cultivated Greeks with in- tellectual contempt. The Christians at Corinth wanted to make it apparent that they were not so ignorant or so weak-minded as their Christian brethren that they shared the best thought of their country men. Men might regard the Christian Gospel with intellectual scorn, but although they were Christians, they claimed to be regarded with intellectual respect. Has that ignoble, and cowardly temper altogether disappeared ? But would it be possible for us to yield to it, if we had true and passionate devotion to our Lord? Ah, no; if we were His true servants, we should shrink as at the touch of hot iron from com pliments paid to our own intellectual vigour at the expense of the Gospel of Christ. , We Christian ministers— servants of Christ —stewards of tbe mysteries of God— should receive with heartv delight any fresh discovery concerning the structure, the laws, the evolution of the visible universe, for the universe was created through Christ, and we learn something mom of this when we learn something' more of His work. The super- natural revelation of which we are the trustees was not intended to make known the laws and tbe history of the visible earth and keavene. bnt the glory of that invisible and eternal kingdom by which we are already environed, and which is onr trne home. To implicate the fortunes of that supernatural revelation in tbe transient scientific theories, either of Jewish or Christian time, is to depreciate the gre«tne?s of onr trust. the spirit of the age. We Christian ministers — servants 6f . Christ — stewards of the mysteries of God— should also reoeive with hearty delight whatever c!eaier iutellecual apprehension of tbe con tents of tbe Christian revelation may be reached by the cbnrcb of our own time. For we distinguish between the mysteries of God and tbe intellectuals interpretation of tbem. Tbo mysteries are unchangeable, eternal ; the intellectual interpretation of them changes with the changes in tbe intelleotual life of Christeodom. And, further, we also believe that the Spirit of God is with tbe churoh in every age, and leads it into a deeper and deeper knowledge of Diviae things. What our fathers knew, we too should know ; but we should koow more. I refose to sit at tbe feet of the Spirit of toe Age in order to learn how I am to speak of God and of bis relation to tbe bnman raoe. The Spirit of the Age — tbe spirit tbat now worketh in tbe children of disobedience— whei her it come as angel of light or angel of darkness, I bave to fight it in Christ's name until the whole world submits to tbe sovereignty of Christ and rejoices in His redemption. the spirit of the church. But the Spirit tbat is in the church— &b; ! to Him we bave to listen. We bave too much forgotten Him. Should we not now, with devout aud humble heart, invoke the revelation of Gi< light snd power? He revealB Christ sod tbe contents of those great discoveries concerning God and concerning man which are piven in CnriBt. The mysteries of God — i f which we are tbe stewards — it is only the illumination of the Spirit tbat can enable us to epprehend them. How wonderful are these mysteries ! How eublioie ! Their in tellectual grandeur transcends that of the boldest generalisation of science, and tbeir moral and spiritnal energy, sustained by tbe power of the Spirit of God. will regenerate the world. We sometimes complain that tbe ancient Gospel has lost something of itB force, and tbat tbe church is not exerting an imperial authority over the life of Christian nations. But is the complaint juBt ? I appeal to those of you wbo are the members and representative of the Congregational churches of this colony. Do you btood over the central, uncbangu g substance of the revelation given you i Christ? Brood ovr it till your intellect is filled with its majesty ; till your heart is melted by its infinite pato10; till your con science discovers in it D v:»e ideals of righteousm fs ; til! your will is fortifie d by the power of God ; till your hearts kindle with a passion of joy and love. 