TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Kindly allow me space in your valuable paper to reply to your correspondent " Mr. Kirkham Evans." Your correspondent supposes that the people of Cradock, Yanyarie, and Biackrock were under the impression that the Devil had made hiB appearance in their midst. Now, I have not heard any one intimate anything of the kind, the only realization of that personage being, in my opinion, onr own evil nature more or less as the case may be. I am also of the opinion that for any persons to make conclusive investigation into any matter it is absolutely necessary for them to be unbiassed to prevent any preconceived notion or wish from furthering the belief as to result. Can Mr. Evans say conscientiously that he was unprejudiced? I understand Mr. K. Evans is thoroughly versed in legerdemain, and has rendered good service to the pnblic in the exposure of spiritualistic frauds'; jut with due deference to his superior experience in and knowledge of the " black art," I submit that the very frequent outcome of his investigations being thediscovery of fraud, he approaches the examination of this case with biasBed opinion, which landed him on conclusions earlier than it should have done and without the exhaustive test the case deserved. He did not see the child knocking, he did not prove the child was not asleep. He makes the bald assertion that the child is a cunning trickster but does not offer proof. Before he is justified in denouncing the girl and thereby casting a slur upon her character and that of some of her friends he should have proof beyond doubt. Of conrse, in the potralar mind the whole affair readily and simply resolveB itself into either fraud or a ghost—i.e., visitation of a disembodied deceased person—and the mere suggestion of fraud by an exposer of such so well known as Mr. Evans would be quite convincing to the vast majority who accept the opinions of thoEe who do think and most readily accept an opinion which requires no further menial effort; but, Sir, has not physical research discovered phenomena which offers an ex- )lanation between the two above extremes ? in the report of the Proceedings of the P.R. Society for 1886, the personnel of which is above suspicion, a case of knocking is described which in many respects closely resembles the case of SiBsy Schutz, and Professor Barrett concludes the description of his investigations thus— "I was then and am still morally certain that the phenomena (of the knockings) had a real existence outside oneself, and they were not produced by trickery or by known causes, hence I confess I could come to no other conclusion than that we had here a class of phenomena wholly new to science." The cnockingB continued to be heard for some time, but Professor Barrett quotes from a letter received last year from the parents, where they say," We have never had a return of her mediumship since 1875." It died a sudden death there and then, the writer expressing satisfaction at the discontinuance of the phenomenon, for fear of its development exercising an unfavourable influence on her. It would appear, therefore, that a form of phenomena exists, the fact of which has only recently been grasped by science, and not yet resolved into a theory. I may say for my own part that I was sceptical of these things, but when I went to investigate the matter I tried to do it con scientiously, and believe I did so. As I pre' viouBly stated, on my first viBit the lamp was bnrning, though not full, I shonld say about 3 candlepower, and the fire was also burning brightly. I held the child's arms and Mr. Richardson her feet, and the knocks were distinctly heard in the flagsof the floor, about 18 inches in front of UB. I am positive I was not deceived in th lccality of the sounds. In justice to myself I must say that I am not a spiritualist, neither have I any desire to become one, neither am I a professor of any particular creed, but hold truth and justice amongst the most sacred things in God's earth, which should be supported without fear or favour. I am. Sir, &c;,, ALPH. MITCHELL. Cradock, June 13. 