LECTURE. r,T ttISS EDITH o'GOUMV.i. THE ESCAPED SUX. Jjife in a Convent—The Romish School System —The Romish Priesthood. On .Monday evening, May 2nd, EdiLli O'Gorman, known as the Escaped Nun. began a course of lectures at the Town Hall, Adelaide. There was a large audience the Hall being nearly filled. Mr. M. Wood Green presided, and the liev. W. E. Rice offered prayer. Mr. Green, in introducing Edith O'Gorman, mentioned some incidents connected with her work in Kew Zealand, where she had achieved a complete victory over a man who had circulated slanderous statements respecting her character. He reminded the audience that this was a British colony, and claimed for Mrs. Auffray freedom of speech. If her statements were not true they had the same opportunity to refute them. He asked for her a patient hearing. Mrs. Auffray, who was warmly received, then delivered her lecture. She spoke for two hours, enchaining the close attention of her audience during the whole of that time, sometimes indulging in humour and sarcasm and at others rising into pathos and true eloquence, She said: Christian friends. I am very much pleased to he here to-night to testify to you in honor of the great mercies God lias shown to me, and especially to describe to you the conventual teachings of the Romish Church, whose followers to attain a perfect life are taught to pass their own lives in direct opposition to the laws of nature ; consequently, the divine laws are trampled on, and the -ivill made subservient to the will of such blind fanatics .-is Ignatius, Vincent de Paul, and many other deluded enthusiasts'. Embracing this life we behold impulsive young creatures, sacrificing wealth, position, and all the blessings that this life can give them for what indeed proves a virtual crucifixion. In the fervour of enthusiasm a young girl, endowed witli all the strong maternal instincts of a -woman's nature, embracing the conventual life, and promising to observe its unnatural discipline, must make perpetual vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience. These are the nails which, tliey tell her, bind her to the cross, and in her first fervour she resolves to remain upon the cross. But soon she awakes to the reality tliat she is human. Poor slave ! In her blind delusion she does not know that the merits of Christ are sufficient to save her, independent of selfmipo posod merits. To make sure of my eternal salvation, and at the earnest advice and recommendation of my father confessor—to whom like all loyal Roman Catholics I c.onfidcd the inmost secrets of my soul, and who assured me that unless I entered a convent it would be impossible to save my soul. He was my spiritual director, so his words to me appeared as coming direct from God. He assured me that Almighty God,-from the very ages of eternity had destined me to fill the highest vocation in this life—that lie had bestowed upon me the greatest of all earthly grace—that was the vocation of a bride of Christ, not a bride of any human sinful creature, but that I was to be espoused to Him whom angels served, anil so forth. He also assured me that if I should allow any obstacle to prevent me making the sacrifices accessary to the attainment of that life, niv soul would be eternally lost. Those sacrifices were that I should die to the world and all I loved in it, and should enter a convent. He assured me likewise that within the convent walls I would be safe from all the temptations of the wicked world, where the devil goes about like a roaring lion seeking whom lie may devour. "Well, I have never yet found the devil roar half so loud in the world as I found him roaring in a convent. (Laughter.) And, therefore, in order to obtain the salvation of my immortal soul I made the terrible sacrifice my religion demanded, and 011 the 2nd October. 18(12, entered the Convent of the Sisters of Charity. in Madison, New Jersey, United States of America. I11 the fresh zeal of a young candidate, I was prepared to look upon ever3'thing with. a. pure, admiring eye. Aias, this illusion was soon dispelled. The rosy liglit with winch I came prepared to regard everything soon gave place to the sombre hue of the reality. M3- great anticipations one by 011c were falsified, and the enthusiasm with -which I had sacrificed my home and the world soon left me, and gave place to that reaction which naturally followed such a step. Many others of my companions have experienced the same feelings. But among the nuns there prevails so much superstition, weakness, and idolatry as cannot fail to shock an enlightened and educated mind. The ceremony of taking the veil I will now briefly describe. After the candidate lias been brought under the control of her superiors, her hair is shorn off her head, and she is made to trample it under foot, saying, " Thus do I trample under feet all earthly vanit3 ." But notwithstanding that her hair is trampled r under foot as vanity, it will be sold in a few days after for so many dollars, to deck the head of somebody else. (Laughter.) Then the bishop places on her head a black veil, saying " Receive the sacred veil whereby thou wilt be known to have left the world and pledged thyself as the bride of Jesus Christ for ever." Then the bishop, taking her hand in his and placing a plain sliver ring on her ring finger, espouses her to Christ, saying, " Receive this ring, the seal of the Holy Ghost, that thou be nowwedded to Christ. These brides of Chri6t are toldjthat if they look on that ring and repeat the words, " Oli Heavenly Spouse, have mercy upon me,'' they will gain an indulgence of GOO da3 s. Now these indulgences save them GOO day's suffering r in purgatory ; and, if they do not need it themselves, they can apply it for the benefit of their relatives, dead or alive, who need it more than they do. (Loud laughter.) Afterwards the bishop commands the nun to represent death, which part of the ceremony I will more particularly illustrate to you in my own case. When the bishop said to mo, " Edith, I command thee to prostrate thyself on the earth as one dead,'' I therefore prostrated myself on the floor of the sanctua^-, and remained motionless for 10 to 15 minutes, while the bishop read the Latin service of the dead over me, which being ended he said, Sister Teresa, I command thee to rise to a new life." All the nuns receive a new name the day they are professed, for they have no choice of their own, one of their duties being to crucify ever3 imaginable desire of their own hearts. Then the nun r pronounces the solemn vowb of povert3 , chastity, and obedience, after which the bishop gives r a short benediction. He then stands up and public^' pronounces an anethema, cursing anyone in this world, either standing, sitting, eating, or drinking, in all conditions of life, cursed down to eternal perdition,who shall try to entice or lure these nuns away from that life they have chosen ; much more if they leave of their own accord. I will now briefly refer 'to the vows of poverty, chastity and obedience. By the vow of so-called hol3' poverty a nun renounces all the wealth she possesses. Her money 6be is obliged to bring to the convent is given to the Superior the day she enters, and for ever she remains in ignorance of its disposal. A > oung lady ma3' bring hundreds of thousands of dollars or r pounds into it, but etae must give up all claim to her money from the day 8be pronounces the vow of poverty, so completely is ehe stripped of everything. She belongs soul and body to the sprvice of that coinnmnit}-and the will of her superiors. She cannot make use of the pronouns my or mine as appropriating anything to herself after taking the vow of poverty without being guilty of mortal sin. Now the Romish Church divides sin into different classes. They have original and actual sin ; and. according to the teaching of the Romish Chrurch, no one is cleansed from original sin unless they arc baptized : therefore, if any baby should die without being sprinkled, it never can enter heaven, and the Roman priests will not baptise an infant for less than 5 dols. in the United States. Actual sins are those committed after attaining reason, which the Roman Catholic Church teaches to be at seven years of age, and Roman Catholic parents are strictly bound to prepare their children to go to confession at seven years of age. These actual sins are divided again into two other classes, mortal and venial. Mortal sin is one that kills the soul and deserves hell ; and if a Roman Catholic shonld die with only^one mortal sin un.absolved lie must go to hell for eternity, therefore a few Latin words pronounced in the confessional are of more importance to the deluded Roman Catholic than the blood of Christ. With regard to venial sins, if Roman Catholics should die with them un-absolved by the priest, they go to purgatory, and there they stay until their relatives pay for masses to get them out of it. A nun cannot dispose of a crust of bread to the starving children of poverty without first going 011 her knees to ask permission from the Superior, which is rarely granted. In all the six years of my convent life I never received permission from the Superior to relieve the sufferings of the poor, with two exceptions, when I was allowed to give a little cold victuals to two beggars. Now, that was one of the many cruel disappointments that I received in the convent. One great reason why I entered a convent of Sisters of Charity in preference to any other other order of nuns in the Romish Church was because I believed that my life would be spent in carrving out the natural impulses of my heart by relieving the sufferings of the poor. Before I entered the convent I knew nothing of nuns except what I had heard and read ; and the only knowledge I had of the Sisters of Charity was that at the advice of my confessor I had corresponded with the Reverend Mother Superior before I entered the convent, in order to be instructed by her as to the many expensive preparations necessary to my entry into convent life. I never Sister of Charity in my life until the day I entered the convent to become one myself. Then I ^ f ( ) w n h o m e " j n P r o v i d c n c e, ™Rhode J Island, 1 0 g 300 o miles y away. We hear so much S about these Roman Catholic Sisters of Charity in the newspaper paragraphs and sentimental novels of the day referring to their labours on their battle-field, to " the soft toucli of their lily white hands," &c.; All these things arc paraded to the world as the so-called great deeds of the Roman Catholic Sister? of Charity. Their very dress sets them apart to be observed by all the world as sisters of charity, as if there were no other sisters of charity in the world. The true sisters of charity are com- posed of the mail}' Protestant benevolent societies I throughout the land, and the mam- Christian women, who, 'from charitable motives, of their own free will, I labour on the battlefield, in 1 ho home of the afflicted, or wherever charity calls them. They are the true sisters of charity who never let the left hand know the | good which the right performs, and whose good works are rewarded by their Master. Bofore I entered the j convent I did not know that which I knew when too late that there is not a Roman Catholic Sister of Charity in the world who can go out into the battlefield or into I the home of the afflicted of her own free will. She een do nothing of her own will when she has taken the solemn l ow of blind obedience, which of the three -v ows lias the supremacy. The vow of obedience is so exalted in the convent, that if the other two vows of poverty or ehastitv should happen to clash with that of obedience, everything must, give way to that perfect blind and unquestioning obedience to superiors of which there are always three grades. First of all there are the priests. They are called Holy Father Superiors, anil are first in the grade. Then the Reverend Mother Superior herself. Then the Sister Superior appointed by the Reverend Mother to represent her in the different convents throughout the State. These are the three grades of Superiors to whom the nuns have to bow down in blind obedience. One of the strictest rules of convent life is that the nuns shall make a confession every week of their lives to their priests, wherein, like all Roman Catholics, they are boun^to confess to him every sin of thought, word, deed, or omission ; not only the sins themselves, but the number of times they have been committed, and the most minute circumstances relating to them—when, where, how ?—in fact the inmost secrets of the heart must be confessed by a Roman Catholic penitent to receive the priest's pardon or absolution for the sins committed. Then again they are to make another confession, or, as they call it, a manifestation of conscience, to the Mother or the Sister Superior in the convent once a week, confessing to her every natural desire, inclination, and affection of the heart, in order that the Superior might know of and crucify the natural inclinations and desires of her subjects. She could not thwart them if she did not know of them. Therefore a nun who lias a natural desire to relieve povert3' and want will not be allowed to perform such duties. It is the nun who has a sort of natural repugnance to witness poverty and misery of any sort that is chosen to perform duties which are odious to her. Before I entered the convent I did not know that; therefore though I had brought several thousand dollars into the convent I was bound band and foot by the vow of poverty, and was never allowed to relieve the terrible suffering to be witnessed around me. I had not known there could be so much poverty, misery, suffering, and ignorance existing in this life as I found existing in the last four 3'ears of my life in St. Joseph's Convent in Jersey city. In St. Joseph's parish I witnessed such terrible poverty and misery, especially during the cholera in 18GG. After I had gone down on my knees and begged of the Sister Superior to grant me permission to visit the people in that terrible sickness, I prayed God to let me take the cholera and die. It was- the one prayer upon my lips, as it was the prayer of evcr3 true sincere woman in the convent. From the first week r of my life in it to the day I fled from it ni3" first prayer in the morning was that I might not live to see another night, and in the night that I might not live to see another morning, always praying to God for death as the only escape I ever looked forward to from that living dedth upon earth, believing in ray blind delusion that if God would take me out of that life that my penances, sacrifices, and meritorious actions would gain for me not onl3 Heaven, but a high degree of sanctification. The Church _ of Rome teaches that the merits of Christ profit nothing at all except through good works, which they call works of supererogation, they work out their salvation. The Sister Superior granted my request, and, accompanied by an orphan girl, I was the only Sister of Charity who visited the people of St. Joseph's parish, Jersey city, during the cholera of 18G5. I have known whole families lying dead around me. Many times in some cases I thought their lives might have been saved if I had been allowed to give them what had been ordered by the physician) but I could give them nothing, Sometimes they would go to the convent and ask for an ounce of tea, a little sugar, some wine, or something of that sort, and many times I have pleaded on my knees that the Superior would grant me permission to relieve the people in these little things. Her answer was invariably the same to every nun in the convent, and she was obliged to make it according to the vow of poverty. It was, " Tell them that we are bound b} a vow of poverty that strips us of all things, that we have r consecrated ourselves and all that we possess to the Lord, Therefore we have nothing at all of our own, and can give nothing at all away except our prayers. For eveiything else they would be sent to the relief societies, for the humane charities of Protestant people whom Roman Catholics are taught to believe are condemned to eternal damnation. How maii3 Roman Catholics would die of starvation but for them r ! Applause,) How main' of their Sisters of Charity can help them, or how many of their priests will help them ? Their priests are not bound by any vow of poverty, that is, the secular priests of the Romish Church. By secular priests I mean all Roman Catholic priests outside of monasteries. They take two vows, a vow of obedience and a vow of celibacy. Therefore as they don't take the voir of povert}-, they could, if the3' onlj- would relieve the sufferings of their poor- It is a painful statement to make, but it is one that is within my knowledge, which is not a limited one by any means, that I never knew a single case in which a Romish priest has ever given £1 towards relieving the sufferings of the poor, but I have known innumerable instances in which tliey have extorted from them the last dollar in their possession. This fact is borne out by Mr. O'Farrell's exposure of the priesthood in Melbourne. (Applause.) I will relate another circumstance which is yet more unkind, when 3-ou look at it from a Roman Catholic standpoint, i.e., I have never known a Romish priest in the United States who would say a mass for the repose of the soul or anj-one in purgatory or out of it for less than 1 dol., which is equal to 4s, I remember the time when tliey would net say it for less than 2 dols., but when the hard times of 1873 occurred and the Roman Catholics refused to give 2, tliey had to lower it to 1 dol. (Laughter.) At that price it remained when I left the United States, but since then I have learned the3- have raised it to 3 dols. Over in England it is 2s. G., in France 1 franc (lOd.) ; and in Italy, the verj' heart of Romanism, where there are so many priests, tliey say mass for 5d. (Laughter.) In New Zealand the charge is 5s., and in New South Wales 10s., and they will not say it for less for anyone, Victoria 10s. and £1. I do not know what the charge is in this colom . but no doubt I will soon find out (Laughter.J If - a Roman Catholic in the United States gave tne priest a dollar he might say the mass, but if he did not give it the souls of the relatives of the person might remain in purgatory until the day of judgment before the priest would say a mass to get the soul out of it. (Laughter.) I do believe there are some naturally good noble men among the Romish priests, who are good in spite of their religion, just as 1 believe there are naturally good men among the heathens, but I have never had experience with the noble good ones. (Laughter.) My experience was the reverse. Hume it is I have to make swell painful statements. I11 speaking about the mass I have often known parish priests to be paid for more masses 111 one year than they could say in three or four years together. I will illustrate this. Supposing Mr. M'Xulty should •jive Father Maguire ,"»0 dols. (f'\ 0J. and say, Fathe I want you to say .»0 mass, -' for the repose of tin; soul of my mother, wiio is dead and gone to purgatory, or for the repose of my own soul." A good muuv Roman Catholics who can afford it have masses said for themselves while they are aim thai: wheri 11 icy die they i"e masses sai< will not have to stay so I 11 purgatory waiting for their relatives to pray them out. (Laughter.) Now Father Maguire might h:ive many such applications in a month. Evcrv application he receives lie enters in a book of intentions, as he calls it. Therefore he will enter Mr. M'Xulty 50 masses ; next applicant 25 masses, next one 10 masses, and so 011. A priest can onlv say one mass a day. ami as there are but 3t>5 days in the vear. 3'ou will see that the parish priest will be paid for more masses in one \ ear than he could say in three or four years altogether. But if he be .111 honest priest he will sell what masses he cannot say himself to some young curate who has not quite so many applications. (Laughter.) But. friends, what guarantee lias the poor applicant that the masses are ever said at all? In speaking about the mass, according to Romish theolog3 . it is the holiest sacrifice on the face of the earth. - It is the daily unbloodj' oblation of Calvary, and according to the doctrine of transubstantiation, promulgated by the Council of Lateran, in the j-ear 1215, the Romish priest has the power given him, every dav he says a mass, to perform a most stupendous miracle, for when the priest at his daily mass, at the moment termed the consecration, pronounces the Latin words, " Hoc est eniin'curpus incuni,'' which mean. " tliis is my body," instantly the wafers are changed into the bodv, blood, soul, and divinity of Jesus Christ, true God anil man, really and substantially as He was Hpon earth, and as He is now in heaven. Roman Catholics must believe, or else be condemned to damnation as heretics, that when the priest gives them the consecrated wafer the3'are eating not only the flesh and blood but the soul and diving- of their living God. Oh, Christian friends, you read of heathens making gods out of all sorts of things, but 3-ou never read of them degrading their gods to such an extent as eating them as Roman Catholics do their wafer gods. (Laughter.) But it is always to be observed that the priests never give the people any wine. He consecrates the chalice full and drinks it all himself. (Laughter.) And according to the dogma of transubstantiation, when the communicant receives the consecrated wafer lie has the bodj , blood, soul, and divinity of Christ altogether in the - wafer. However, the nuns are not to be so much condemned in the way of illiberality as the priests. Many nuns are liberally disposed at heart, but find it as I found it to be, a cruel cross of their life to be tied ; under the vow of poverty and unable to alleviate the sufferings of their fellow creatures. If it is known I that a nun saw a pin or a needle on the ground, or an} trifling thing, and in disobedience toiler vow of poverty r I should take care of it, she would commit a sin against ! her vow. Or if she look at herself in the looking-glass, j that being prohibited as an unnecessary luxury and ; against the vow of poverty. I never saw the reflection i of my face in a looking-glass for six years, and that was quite a sacrifice for a woman. (Laughter J As to i the vow of chastity, I will repeat the words of the rule to you verbatim just as they read :---" If a nun should happen to fall in love with a priest, she is bound to tell him of it, and obtain his advice about it." (Loud laughter.) Oh, the infamous craft of these regulations, which thus enable the priest to take advantage of her confession; and the great power he possesses of encompassing the moral destruction of that 3'oungnun. Sucii is the outrageously loosa morale to which a young girl is exposed who gives herself entirely to the guidance of corrupt priests, the authority of the confessional, and the lying wonders of tradition, If a nun should kiss a little innocent babe, for fear the maternal instinct6 should take possession of her and tempt her | ! | ! away and make her abhor her unnatural vocation she is deemed to be guilty of another sin. For these ardent, impulsive women cannot always observe these regulations. I11 fact they do the very reverse and often have their lovers, especially among the priests. I have known six nuns to be in love with one priest at once, and he was the ugliest man I ever saw, (Laughter.) In regard to the vow of blind obedience, that vowrequires the nun to sacrifice iier will, her judgment, her reason, and her conscience as well to the commands of Superiors. Now, in requiring a nun to sacrifice her conscience as well as her intelligence, that vow of blind obedience readies the very extreme of evil, for in the convent as in the world there are women of all characters. The 200 women who composed the entire order in the State of New Jersey when I belonged to it were just like 200 gathered together promiscusously even-where. They were composed of eve^y nation, of every character, every disposition ; and while there were nuns in the convent just as pure as purity itself, and who w ere daily martyrs to their purity of character, and often driven to an early grave or the insane asylum, yet, on the other hand, about a half of them were the very reverse, and you will not be surprised to hear that, when I describe to 3-011 that vow of blind obedience which compels nuns to sacrifice their conscience into the hands of their Superiors. If a nun should receive a command from her Superior which she knows to be wicked and criminal in itself, and remonstrates with the said Superior against the performance of such an action, she is told in the very words of her solemn rules, and ever3' one of you here to-night may if 3-ou choose prove it for yourselves by purchasing at any Roman Catholic book store the treatise of the Roman theologian St. Alplionsus Liguori, " The True Spouse of Christ, or the Nun Sanctified by her State." On page 83 section 3 of that book you will find the sentence imposed upon the nun when she receives a command contrary to her conscience, and that sentenee reads thus, " The responsibility of the crime of the action commanded rests upon the Superior who gave the command, and not upon the subject, who in her holy blind obedience will sacrifice her conscience to the commands of her Superiors." Not only St. Alplionsus Liguori, but all theologians of Rome teach that in order to be perfect in obedience they must become in the hands of their Superiors like clay in the hands of the potter, to be moulded just as their Superiors please, having souls without a will, and a will without an intellect. As her rules express it, she must become in the hands of the Superiors like a staff in the hands of the persons who carry it, to be disposed of as they please. Now such teachings as this in the convent in the case of weak, superstitious women, cause them to be too read3' to throw the responsibility of their actions upon the commands of their Superiors. And if a nun should violate any of these commands, she is subjected to such treatment as often results in iier death, or if not death, in her insanity. How many girls I have known enter the convent between the ages of sixteen and twenty, strong in health and wealth, who within five years afterwards have found an early grave or have become inmates of the insane asylum ! While I was in the convent four nuns were sent annutilly to the Maryland asylum, hopelessly insane, and yet every young girl who enters a convent to become a nun is told by her confessor, as I was, that it is a vocation given to her by heaven. At seventeen 3-ears of age I left school, and like most, r, veiling girls, about to enter society, looked forward to enjoy myself with the' vanities of the world, but after one ve:ir and a half of a worldly fashionable life I was satiated with it. I felt that I had my immortal soul to save, but that 1 eoui.l not save that soul and partake of the vanities of the world at tin- same time. That would have meant true eonver>;on to me at that time if I had been allowed to let Cod's grace operate ill my heart without the intervention of the confessional. But when one day I confessed to my confessor that desire of my heart to live for the salvation of my soul, lie assured me that that was the true sign of 1113- vocation, because God had weaned my 3-oung heart awwyfrom the vanities and follies of the world in order to prepare me for that exalted life, the one chosen for the elect of God, a bride of Christ. When this change takes place in the hearts of young Roman Catholic girls it would be a change of heart with them as with other young Christian girls, if they had not to confess to their priests ; hut when they confess to that change, and the father confessor knows how many thousands of dollars or pounds tliey are able to bring into the convent, tliey are then told it is the true sign of their vocation, for God has weaned their hearts away from the world, and they must enter a convent. And when having formed a conscientious desire to save their souls they do enter a convent, the3 realize the first week of their lives in it as I realized, r that instead of being a paradise, the place of rest portrayed to me, 1113- life therein would be a living death, a neverending crucifixion of the nature God had given me, a hell upon earth. These are the onl3 words that - For can convey to your minds the idea of life in a convent. (Applause.) But in the conscientious desire to save 1113- immortal soul, I felt that once I had placed my hand to the plough there must be no turning back. I had to persevere to the bitter end if I wished to save my soul. But I prayed that each day might be that end. And now friends, I wish you to remember that in the Roman Catholic Church they divide their nuns into two kinds. They have the cloistered and the active nuns. There are very few cloistered nuns comparatively. There are about 20 different orders of cloistered nuns. They have 110 communication whatever with the world. Once they have entered their convent the3" never see the outside of its walls, nor can they converse with anyone except through grated bars. But the active nuns, of whom there are several hundred different orders, and who are called the shining lights of the Roman Catholic Church, and are held in great respect by Romanists because they engage in teaching,, visiting the sick and so forth, and in the performance of such duties thc3' are frequently thrown amongst the temptations of the world. Yet they are bound byjtlie same solemn vows, rules and obligations as the cloistered nuns and must be as completely dead to the world, and as detached from all earthly things as the cloistered nuns, who are not thrown into the temptations of the world once they enter the convent. If an active nun should. meet upon the street her own father, mother, sister, or brother, she must pass them by as if she knew them not. Then again, these active nuns in the performance of their duty are frequently in the streets and have opportunities to escape as far as bolts and bars are concerned. But let us look at the awful, actual difficulties placed in their way. They are always two together; there is never one alone. The3' are always clad in the nun's dress, and in the habit of the order to which they belong ; the3" have nothing else to wear. A nun has uotonc farthing of money in her possession. She may have brought .1 hundred thousand dollars into the convent 011 the day she entered it but after having taken the vow of poverty, she has nothing to call her own. How is a nun to escape without money and in a nun's dress ? Tliey dare not. They cannot appeal to 1'roMstants, whom they call heretics, and whom they are taught to look upon as condemned to eternal damnation. If they cannot appeal to Protestants, the}- cannot appeal to Roman Catholics. If they went 142 back to their own homes they would.be guilty of that which the Roman Church calls the unpardonable crime and sin which cries to heaven for vengeance--- tlie bringing of scandal upon the Romaa Catholic Church. Why, if any Roman Catholic were the cause of scandal coming to tlieir church, better for him that a millstone bad been tied round his neck, and that he had been cast into the sea than that he should live to bring scandal upon the so-called holy infallible church which call6 herself the pillar and ground of truth, that never errs in her teaching. That self-styled pillar and ground of truth tenches in her theology that perjury is permissible for the glorious end of saving the church from scandal---as the Jesuitical maxim has it, "The end sanctifies the means." Now, according to that teaching. Roman Catholics are not only justified in telling "falsehoods, but, even in committing perjury if the glorious end of saving their church from scandal demands it. Therefore if it is such an unpardonable crime fur any Roman Catholic to bring scandal upon the church, it is doubly so for a nun. She not only scandalises the church and convent from which she escaped, but if she should return again to her own home she is guilty of that terrible sin of scandalising and disgracing her family. No matter how much opposed any Roman Catholic parents may be at the outset to their children embracing the so-called religious life, either as monk, nun, or priest, when once they have embraced that life, and bound themselves by solemn vows to the church, Roman Catholic parents •would see tlieir children in their graves, a hundredfold if possible, than that they should live ta bring scandal upon the church—to violate their solemn vows and disgrace their families. These are some of the difficulties in the way of the nuns escaping. Let me assure you from experience that they are just as great if not greater than any bolt or bar ever invented. (To be continued.) 