fflpvelist. DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARSOF SUFFERING " . An APTODioanAruy, Beprinted flrom ." The Australasian" of ,V l8OTi1iy.8peclal;pBrmiiiaion) " . ; CHAPTER XXIX.— ('Continued) "But _ enterpriso? bogets competition, \- and; originality lebds to: imitation? Thus t- it waa that a follow namod Rouglr, undor \-- sontonco to two years', took it; into liis' head to do n little ' agorioy business for a mora, ordinary turnkey, ? and was fast pockoting all Fenton's cash j and what was moro emuarrnsbing still, was gotting quite familiar with tho 'mysteries' of tho oata- blis!)ment. .--It tlioroforo bsoamo im- \- . peratiro to remove Rough, and Rough . was accordingly removed to another gaol. Spmo-fow.'days after -Rough's removal, very early ono morning a lottor was brought to tlio gaol gates, addressed to tho shoriff. Tho lottor was brought into tho . gdol office. I took it frenn tho turnkey who handed, it in, and its > soon as I glanced at tho Buperaoription I walked 'over with it to Mr. Palmor's .desk '"and said— ' Rough's writing— dangoroui)'.' Air. Polmor mado no ; reply. Ho looked at. tho. lottor for <i minute or two, and thbn, 'plaoing it before mo, walked out of the. office.. I knew well enough without being told wliat I had to do, and so, witli- ouo-;ony hesitation, I opened tho lottor , 'and road it. ; As I oxpootod, it contained a tirado of nbuso against mysolf, and n long . statement in.reforenop toFonton's monoy. I oopied' the heads of tho lottor, aud thoii , onclosod'it again quite artistically. . Air." Palmpr'shpftly roturnod to tho. office, and . I plabpd ipy extracts before him. Ho was quito.'bpwildorod as to tho stops to bo takqn, and suggested tho advisability of burning the lottor. I saw this would not answor, for if Rough hoard nothing more of-lusoommunioationiio would bo apt to . spoak to the slieriif on his first visit, and this might lead to awkward inquiries. I \- ' therofpr'o advised that tho lottor should bo loft it tlio shoriff's offioo, along with a lot . of other papers, boforo tho Bheriff arrived, and then tho sheriff .would not bo in tho lost awnro,thdt it had ovor boon soon in gaol at slj,.; - As I q'.ways protended to tho tttiaonflM '.lti -ihaJcihf .linnTfiiim' w5f.1i f.linm that, tho ntpq'qy .was kopt in an iron safo in the oflico, ofwiiioli I possossbd a dupli; cato ,koy, and that it was I who was .run ning a dqsjperatq risk in taking it out, Mr. Palmer's name was never mentionod in any bargain that I mado with Fonton. If, thon,. Fonton Bhould bo callod and ex amined by tho shoriff', I .saw oloarly . . enough that if ovon ho told the truth (aa the truth Boomed to him), tho shoriff would dotoot a liq upon the vory faoo of the story. - Tho bmanoo of monoy pro perly due to tho man was ontored in the prisonora' cashbook, and Air. Palmer : would of courso say that ho stiU held . it, to bo disposed of as tho Government might direct.1 ' Just what I had anti- qipated roally ' happened. Tho sheriff, in thq cours'o'.of tho morning, enme. down . to tho offico, and told mo to go out for a few minutoB, as ha wanted to speak to tho gaolor. Out I walked accordingly, and in a fow rainutcB Fonton was sent for. Ho was in .with the shoriff for somo minutos, and thon. tha shoriff wont himsolf away, and Fonton wna looked up. Fenton's statomont was (to all appoaranco) so ovi- dontly a fabrication that tho ohoriff wouldn't listen to it. I am not euro, but I boliovo Rough was puniahad for making amolioious statomont. Tho only ovil ro-. . oultlhg from this follow's offioiousnoss was tho loss of tbo monoy. " I am happy; how.ovor, to' bo ablo. to „ assure tho reader that, through my adinirahlq arrangomonts and vory judi- oioue maiingomont that theso lossos ocourrod but seldom. Pardon this solf- laudntiog it is really my duo, i " I boliovo Chiirics Lamb ivas not only a very good autlior, but a very, good olorlt into tho bargain. But, nevertheless, -as.n rule, literary aspirations andclerioal dutios don't vory well harmonise! I do not assort that a literary clerk has of necessity a tondonoy 'to pen's Btanza whon ho should ongross,' but I-know from my own oxporienco that it is vory difficult to bo oorrocb in making out aooounts when thoro exists in tho mind, any tondonoy to' tho pootio. Evorybody knows that I have mathomatioa cnoUgii to pass an exami nation, and yet aomohow in: that Tipton Gaol I novor could bo correct. . "It was tho praotico of tho gaolor to purohnso' on boluilf of tlio Government, forthouso of tlio catahlishmorit, wood, linio, & c. Tho vondora of tiieso com modities, so long sis thoy got tho monoy for which thoy Bold, wore porfoctly willing to sign anything. IqnnnotBay liowithapponod tlmt I was always oxtromoly busy -when ever any purohnso of this kind was mado, and, whon tho| vondora ontored tlio offico tb aigii tho vouchor which had to bb for warded fo tho treasury, I used (boing in a- hurry) to say, ' Iloro, just aigu it blank ; I'll fill it in aftorwurds.' . "Wliutfatal mistakes I: used afterward to.makd, to ho euro. If it was a common cart-load of wood that cost thirty shillings, whon I canto to mako out tho account I was almost certain to rbmombor it as a waggon-load, for which thrco.pounda had boon paid. If twonty . bushels of limo wore purohnaod nt fivo shillings a bushel, undor tho iuiiuonco of somo chronio dis- ordor of tlio mind tho transaction figured in thq account as thirty bushels' at savon andsixponco. Tho receipts appended to thtao accounts hnd to bo witnessed, but as it was so vory troublcsonto to bo culling sqmcono into tho oflico ovory now and tliou for tlio purposo I alloivcd thorn to re main until thoro wore sovornl which re quired witnessing, anil then Mr. Palmor introduced a turnkey, who was unable to road, but who could writo his own namo, to witness, tho payniont of tho monoy — not tho actual payment, but just what happened to bo written down, and thon, after obtaining tho BlioriiFs signature to tho accounts, Air. Paimor wnlkcu off to tho treasury aud rccoivod tlio monoy. " All Government business, as far as I am acquainted with it, appears to bo dono in a mamior which aboms to'dbolaro plainly onough that ovory officor in tho sotyico has a tondonoy to ho dislionost. What a vast amount of ciorical dotajl, what dupliosto and triplicato returns, .what signing and emmtor-signing, what auditing in this oflico and chocking again in that, and yet how really impotent are all theso oxpen- sivo safeguards to guard against rosoality whon rascality is rosolvod upon. I should liko to kHow who, among tho host of offi cials" through whoso hands Mr. Palmor's accounts passod, ovor discovered tho fact that Mr. Palmer was doing tho Govern- mout brown. " " Another profitable, sourco of inoomo was tlio transfer of prisonora to othor estab lishments. Thoro wora somo places to .which the prisoners liked to bo sont,- and .others which thoy were anxious to bo kept aivny from. Thq poivor.of selooting the men was in n groat measure in Mr. Pal mer's hands, and I muBt say that' this power was always exorcised with the nioes,t discrimination, for the right' indnlwas sure to go to tho right place, wliich assertion simply signifios that the man who could pay was sent to she plaoo doemed good, Mid tho man who. could not "pay to the plaoo.roputod to bo bad. " In connection with tji'eso paymonts I havo to declare a fact and to relate An nnocdoto. ' ' ' First for tho foot. .It was often assorted by certain maiovolont-mihded persons tlqic llr. Palmor was a proud man. This I dony. It is truo that he had' an air of dignity poculiar to himself in the manner in wliioh ho transferred to his waistcoat pocket tho JEu-notes which I was accustomed' to plsco upon his desk ; but I declare most solemnly, that so liumblo was ho in the estimate ho formed of his own value; that he always rccoivod with a thankful spirit tho modast offering of half-a-orown. It was with foar and trembling that I qt first ven tured to present so insignificant a sum for his acceptance ; but the great good man smiled benignly upon tho gift, and proved his morit by his modesty. Am I not right, than, in doolaring that Mr. Palmor was not a proud man ? " Now for tho anocdoto. Thoro was a now establishment to bo opened in the vicinity of Tipton, and Tipton" Gaol was to trnusfor to it so;no thirty or forty pri soners. Through my agent, tlio "barber, this news was vary quickly disseminated through tho prison ; nnd on tlio day aftor its promulgation I proaontod mysolf in tlio labor-yard fbr tho purposo of reooiviug tondors. I asked one if ho could oook,"bn- otlior if ho could look after a horso, a third if ho understood waiting at table, and thus, -without any direct assertion of 'mine, it was understood that I was" Booking for men to fill tlio billots in tho ; new! 'prison. Candidates innumerablo presented thoin- boIvos, but I told them tiioy wore mis taken ; all I could promiso was that tlioy should bo sont, and as to boing placed in a billot, wily thoy must talro thoir chanco, though, as a mattor of courso, thoso who wont first would doubtloss bo selootod. I was in tho yard .something loss than -Ml hour, and on loaving it I had tho hamos bf . twonty applicants, and tho sum of £46 in my pocket. Tho mou were all sont, and ton other' namos wero also inserted on the list. Among theso ten nanaos was tho namo of Aaron Dutch. This namo was seen by tho bnrbor, who usod to swoop tho offico out, and ho vory nnturally told tlio man ho was going. Aaron' was a outo follow, and so ho thought ho might bo ablo tp work a dodge: Ho sont to mo. to say that ho wisliod to Bpoak to mo. I accord ingly wont to tho iron-rniloil gate of tlio yard in wliioh ho was confined, and calling him to it naked him what he wantod. . He said ho wantod mo to sond him with tho othor men to tho other placo, and that ho would givo mo £3. Ho took a £5-not0 out of his pookot and asked mo if I had throo sovoroigns to give him. I directed hint to wait a minuto, and back I wont to the offico and obtained tlio monoy. On re turning to tlio gato Aaron still had in Iub hand tho £5, and as I passed tho thrbo sovoroigns to him ho passed tho iioto to mo. Without looking at tlio noto I placed it boforo Air. Palmor, who was 'sitting1 nt his desk, but wlion ho oatno to look at it ho found it was only a worthless flash noto. I wns torribly voxod at boing out witted, nnd altliou"h Aaron's name was in tlio returns, I daterpiincd to mako thorn out again and substitute anotlior namo for his. 1 first wont to him.niid told him that stones wero being broken at n shilling a yard in tho gaol, and that unless ho handed mo baok tlio monoy ha would bo detained in Tipton Gaol until ho had broken sixty ynrds of stdno. He. only laughed at ino, and said lie kiiqw vory wdli jlintffns namo was second on! tlio list, , and that lib was jgoing without pay mout at all." : The balance of my friond's Tipton Gaol expediences I muBt resprvo for, another Chaptor. " j CHAPTER XXX, " PRISON 3IYSXERIE3 (CONTINUED.) "I roturjied to Mr. Palmer, and re-, luted to hini what tho follow had said, and I roproaonted that it would, in a busincspoint of view, bo vory impolitio .to fluffor Aaron. to go, as it .would load other men to think thati'aftor all, paying didn't soom in tho loost noocssary. With Air. Palmors' concurrence I oat up. that , night and made out a fresh return, in which tho namo of Aaron Dutoh did not appear. " Thq very day tho mon wore called out it so happonod that tho sheriff visited tho yard, and Aaron, exasperated at his dis appointment, complained to tho sheriff that I had threatened to koop Iiiiii in tho gaol unless lib paid mo £5 to bo sont else- whore. Air. Palmor was present, nnd ho informed tho shoriff that I had nothing to do with tho soloetion of tho mon, as ho always mado tho list out himself. Tlio shoriff took.no notico of tho complaint, and Dgtch was not sont away for somo wooks. " I Itavo now to spoak of an ovont which frioyod mo vogr much. ' It soon boenmo now to tho prisonora that all business had to bo dono through tho 'dark.' If n uau wanted's Visit from a friond, tho. 'dark' was appealed to. If a billot was required it was tlio ' dark ' who was feo'd. If thoro was any monoy in tho offico it was tho ' olnfk' who was spokon to about it. Iu briof, ovory kind of erosswork tllat was required to bo dono hod to pass through tho hands of tho ' olark.' " Ono day n incssago camo to mo from a man named Batty, informing mo that ho ipuld give mo llvo pounds tosond him to nnochor station. I immediately wont to tho man and assured him that on rocoipt of thq monoy ho' should bo transferred. Ho told mo that ho had no monoy with him in tho prison, but-thab ho would sond word out and got it. IIo accordingly sont a noto to somo girl with whom ho had boon living, directing her to givo tho ' dark' of tho gaol A3 to havo him (llatty) sont to Bomo bottor placo. This noto was delivered byndiacliargcdpriaonor; and tho house at which it was delivered was a, brothel. Tho girl, aftor rending tho noto, throw it down upon tho tnblo. A few minutes .afterwards tlio dotcctivo polico lmd occasion to pay a visit to tlio brothol, and ono of thorn took up tho noto anil road it. Booing in it that tho gaol dark' had to bo bribed, thoy dotormincd to_ mako tlio experiment thoinsolvos. ;With this view thoy got a porson who 'was not known at tho gaol to atop tho free clerk of Tipton Gaol as ho wna leaving for homo, and mano him thb offer of £5 if ho would sond Bntty to anothor os- tablislimoiit. : ) ' \- " The hoxt morning tho frcoclerk asked mo (ho know vqry littlo of the business, himsjli) it thoro was a man of tho ifaino of Arthur Batty in tho gaul. I told him that thoro was, lind lie then askod me if I could oblige him' by inserting liis name in tlio next list'of transfers: 1 nn- pwerod' that I' could easily do it . if lio wished it. "No more was said, I thought in my own mind that Baftv'afrionds had arranged witli the freo olork in thb niattbr, and I was roally glad, as thb man bud a largo family, that ho had tho opportunity of obtaining a trifio. He was a very gontlo- raanly man, and was not in any way con cerned in the. doings of Messrs, Pulmor, Sawyer, nnd Co., although, boing shrewd, he judged that things. were not exaotly on tho Bq'unre. Tho next morning tlio freo olork ontored tho gaol offices as pale as a ghost. Ho. was very much excited, and walked backwards and forwards in tlio offioo without speaking a word. At last, turning to iiio, lio oaid— ' 1 am completely ruinod ; what mypoorfaraily will doldon t know? God help mo 1 I'm an unfortunate man.' .' ' ' .. ' ' ' " Ho then wont . on : to. toll mo that on tbo proqediug ovenipg lie iiad.accbptod a. £5-noto from a porson who represented himsolf to bo related to tlio prisoner, ''Arthur Batty, which sum was givou him witli tbo understanding that he was to bond tBatty away as soon as possiblo to soino othor station ; that tho porson who handed thb inonoy to him was in reality a polico 'agent, acting with' 'tho ehcrifFs con currence,' and that tho sheriff had himself witnessed, from sbmo window, tho tran saction.' " ' I havo boon sont for by tho sheriff this.morning,' said tlio poor clork ; 'nnd thoro is a noto in his possession wliioh, officially roferring to mo as tho gaol olork, leads him to tho conolusiou that I am acoubtomod to accopt, bribes. IIo would not listonto my protostations of innoconoe, but told mo he liad "no' alternation but to dismiss mo at ouco.' ' ".ludood, indeed, I wasjioantily sorry for tho poor gentleman, ns bo .stobdbofbro mo so ovidontly distressed in mind at his position. Ho was well connected ; liad boen onco a morchant in Bolfasl. I pitied Mm munli linnnimn T L-nmv well enough that ho had never rccoivod a six pence from nnyono hbforo by way of a bribe. In fact, ho had no power whnt- ovor in Tipton Gaol to mako it worth any body's while to bribo him.. Ho lived in an atmosphoro of corruption, and ha know it ; and though, perhaps, not venal by disposition, liis surroundings scrvod to prepare bim to yiold to tho tomptation, wlion" tho' tomptaiioii was sot boforo hiin. "I soon disoovoiod that tho samo wcaknoss of oharaotor which- had led thb frob clqrk io accept tho bribe had also allowed 'Iiirii to makb iisopf monoyB which ho had officially reeoivod, and I confess that I than oommisbratcd his misfortuho loss. i " It 'was tho 20th day of tho month (I romcnibor it woll) whon hiu dismissal took placo, and ho then had in iiis possession all the money ho had rccoivod from prisoners and other sources during tlio month, as it was his praotico to settlo with Mr. Palmer on tlio last day of- oaoli month. Tho amount that, at the tiino of His dismissal, ho was 'in-, dobted to. the gaol" was upwards of £50 and ho had not a sixpenco to pay it with. ' ' "'Air. Palmor was not in a position to quarrel with hiin, so ho : acobptcd a promiasovy-noto for tho sum, nnd signed tho accounts ns if ho' had actually rocoivod the money, I saw tlio free olork somo. timo uftcrwards,'whon ho was carrying on business for himsolf, nnd ho. thon (old mo that ho had novel paid Air. Palmor a six-, ponce, and novor intended to do so. . ',Tl)o,|,fbrqq,qf..qxn.inplq is grpat aii!dt. !therq;ic?ibiqtiT!Gbtt(i;ii (|iatltlib tiirnkpyB , oi 5C.ip.ten , Gaol wore "niany ' io- moves from. boipgitnmaoulato. v Tlioy had; notj it.is trup, by :any moans a thorough knowledge of: Air. Palmor's clmrooter? but Ihoy know something of his procqe'dings,' 'gnd susjioqtcd 'A: groat; deal more. ! No ;wondby"th'bn thai thoy wore anxio'uB to do a li'ttlp'.b'uBinbss' qn thoir own' aboount,; without ' any ' dlitrbssiiig' qualms of bon- 'spioncoasto' whothpr it were 'legitimate' or not. , " Mr.. . Palmor, liowovor, aimed at a monopoly ; and no ono could havo studied more to keop his subordinates in tho path of rectitude' than ho did. Secure him self, ho mado a point of hunting down o'th'cra tlio instant Iio.bocamo aware that thoy 'wore trespassing on his domain. Two; coBes of dismissal I' woll recollect. ' " 'Tlio first W03 that of a man namod Worth. Ho was attaohed to tho lahor- yard of tho pripon, and for somo timo liad managed -to carry oh a vory profitable businoaa with the- prisunors. On' Air. Palmor's bolialf l'solu tobacco at 18s. tlio pound ; but Worth, as far as tho labor- yard was concerned, drove mo out of tho markot by soiling a pound of tobacco nnd a box of matchos for 15. Could this be tolerated ? Air. Palmor declared not. 'That man,' said Air. Palmer, with aglow of virtuous inuigiratiou, ' tlmt man must bo detected.' " That man was a married man with a family, and I was not so callous-liea'rtcd as to fancy tho job which Air. Palmor's omphatic ' that mail must bo dotoctod' pointed out fo.r mo 1" perform. I inti mated my disinclination to tlio task qf dotocting Air. Worth, utid so Mr. Piduier said ho would teko thojnattor into his own hands. " Two days afterwards tho head turnkoy was called into tho offico, and Air. Palmer told him that Turnknoy Worth (according .to information given) was in tho habit of taking away from tho gaol nnyportablo articlo of Government property that camo within liis reach, nnd that on tlint vory night he was going to sinugglooutacouplo of quarts of lamp oil,- And again Air. Palmer pronounced tho fatal words, ' that man must bo detected.' ' "And detected ho wns. As ho was loaving tho corridor of "tho gaol ho wna stopped by tho head turnkoy, nnd two bottlos of tha Govornmont 'lainp oil wore found in tho pockats of ilia over-coat. Air. Palmer rccommetldcd liis dismissal, and dismissed ho was. Tho samo wcok I dis posed of thirty pounds of tobacco to tho inon in tho labor yard 1 "But I havo not quito dono with Air. Worth yot. A fow days aftor his dismis- snUio presented himsolf at tho gaol, wns introduced to Air. Palmor's parlor, and on loaving it took with him'a recommenda tion to tho. corporation of Tipton, nnd through it was appointed as an ovorsocr by somo municipal officer. " Tho othor coso of dismissal wns alto gether of my doin'g. Tlio work wns cut out for mo byff-AIr. Palmer, and I was atimulatod to its porformanco by a per sonal animus. "Tlio turnkoy's namo was Blackbird. I hnd knowirfor a long tiino that ho' was engaged in ' oross-woric,' and I hnd soffio- timos employed him myself, to "do little orrandB for mo, always paying him libor- ally for liis trouble. On ono occasion I happened to see a gold watoli advertised for Bale, and as I had some few pounds by ins, which I had earned froni tho thief- advocato, Air. Sawyer, I got Blackbird to call and boo the , watch in. order that I might purchase itif it wore -a good one,- and cheap. Blackbird's report being favor able, I handed him £12 to pay for it, that being the price demanded. Tho day aftor Blaokbird told me that he had boon drinking at a public-house aud had lost' the monoy out of-his pookot. This, story I did riot boliovo, and I gave him to un derstand that ho must either bring me tho watoh or tho money. He doolarod that h (would do neither, and dared me to' speak about it.. Six weeks passed. away and Blackbird still, had the money. So long had I boon passive; but if wins time to act. ' ? ? "I got to find out,,tlirough my agents,- that thoro was a innn in tho yard for whom Blackbird was in the habit of carry ing out notes. It so happened that it wiib one' of those agoiits who wrote the notes, and so I" sent word to liim'to say that I Bhould liko to sbe the next noto boforo: 'it was! 'civon tb tlib turnkey to tako it out.'1 "Tlio noto was accordingly sent to mb;.nnd wiis to tlio following ef fect. I don't, pqbtend, tb give the oxaob words, but merely the purport V— " 'Dear friond,—1 The stuff camo to mo safoly, .arid I now want a fin and'soinp striket'.; Tlio bloat -aots on the' square, an'd 'yoii mus't Blihfe him'woll for mo. He tolls me thut.Tom will mount for me, but I am Afraid, to Iinyo him. I'ni giillid he'd settlo mo' instqhd of turning me up.' Givo tlib fin and the strikbs to. the bloak, and toll liinx all jbnrbicularai \ ! ' ! ' ' t' '' " I distinofcly i'omombor that tho. noto wnff signod with n cross, but'thp ria'mo of thb porson. to, whom it- was addressed I cannot recollect. ' It was,' hoivbvbri nB I learned ! from my "agent, to bo' given tb thb barman of tlio- Shin Inn !in tlio first instaiico. , . , "I mado Air. Palmor acquainted with tlio oiroumstancos of tbo'cano, rind ho pro posed having thb turnkey bbarehbd as ho was loaving tho gaol. I objebtcd to this, as, after rill, tho noto mightnot bo found, and Blackbird would in that case bb rilwaya on his guard. . I suggoatod that tho hoad turnkoy should- go to tho Ship Inn in plain clothes, and toll tho barman that' ho was inBtniotcd to call for thb noto, and that ho wisliod to know where ho could find tho porson by who'mit wris loft. I pointed out that hia .aftor. prb'coodings would' havo to bo dotprminod by tho bar man's nnswor. It might -happen that tho party namod aotuolly. lived At tho Ship Inn, or, porhaps, would, bo roally thoro whon tho head turnkoy callod, and in suoii "a coso a dilemma would arise. But I told Air. Palmor that ' I was pretty cortAin, from nil I had hoard,' that tlio pnrty to whom lho rioto wari jiddrosspd would onll thorb in tho courso of thb avoning t o moot tho turnkoy, wiio conducted the businoss for liis imprlsonod friend. If this wore tho coso, tlio barman -would merely say- ho had reeoivod no note, and tho head turnkoy would reply, .' Oh, thon, I'll atop into tho parlor, atidMvhon tho note is brought yen cau bring it to nib, and toll tho: bcarqi' to .wait in tlio bar till I como . out.' - . . ' "Afy auggestion was adopted, and to tho Ship Inn tlio' lioad turnkoy repnired in. tho evoning ns soon as . tlio lock-up in tho prison' was ovor. / . ' " ; '.' Evcfy thing happonod prooisoly ns I expected, Tho bona turnkey took- a seat in the parlor, arid Blaokbird, h'alf-nn-Iioiir aftbrwnrds, presontod tlio "npto1 at tho bar, 'and there remained uritil-to bts'. ionpttie'&eiid;: %nk'lc'ontqid(e: parlbbr, and said to' tho bnrmnnV'Hi'-tmsT tlio , 'gontlbmari , who brought (tie note I'l Tho bqrmari ropliod in the n(Hrmati,vO,and Blaokbird, with, I've no doubt, ri very slioepish lopk; said that he iVasi'sold.;. ! "Tho 'head turnkey roportrid progress' to Mb-, Palmer, and Air. Palmer, wliPn'" Elacltbird appeared at, the gaol; gates tlio nqxt'riiqrning; refuWd'to adniithitri? '! ' ' \- '"It wiw,H dato'say.'a mysto'iy'to somq, peoplo liQiv I managed to droop mysolf, in" so qxponsivo. a stylo'; Hany inatciil of, having op iron ohriin upon my logs, I sported a gold one round my nock ; how, in jilnoo of having: a watoli over mo, I .carried' a gold ono in my pookot; how, too, the usual ordorof things was so -re versed, 'that \vhcii turnkoyo addressod mo' tliov called mo Air. GrCon, and that I in' adaressing thorn oxhibitbd more brevity and less politeness. ' It wris a niyBtory to tho prisoners liow somo niori who novor sec'inod to work at all wero llboralcd, on tho reward labor-systoin, wooks boforo tho complotion of thoir. aontonccs. It was a mystory to mo how tho Iiighor oflioors of Jho Govorumont could possibly bo ignorant of Air. Palmor's .character, and that -no searching investigation was ovor mado into tho system (known to hnlf tlio world) which prevailed nt his ostab-. lishmint. Lastly, it is still a mystory to mo how, with such surroundings andpuuh examples, it can bo oxpocte.il that a prisoner confined for any longth of timo in ouch an institution as Tipton Gaol cau bo roturnod to tho world othorwiso than twonty degrees worso than ho ontored it." Such wore tho experiences of David- Greon. I have heard it stated, that shortly after tho publication of NicIwlai Nidkby, Air. Dickens received a host of romon- atrancos from Yorkshire schoolmasters, who insisted on-recognising in Dothoboys- iinll thoir own particular establishment, and in Whackford Squoers a, portrait of themselves, I should not bo surprised if nibro limn ono or two gnoiors should fit tho cap on thoir own heads, but thoy are not liltoly lo commit tlio indiscretion of woaring it in publio. CHAPTER XXXI, FAME AND INFAMV. I havo n .conviction tlmt thoro is in human unturo n sort of magnetism by which tho opposito poles of fooling attract oach othor. "This history owos its origin' to such a boliof. Had I boon pious and virtuous, would- you, my good rondori havo cared about my experiences ? No ; of courso you wouldn't I You havo quite a redundancy of piety and virtuoi of your own, and being perfectly familiar with the stnto of feeling whioli is ovor tho concomi tant of. thoso attributes of tho soul, you wouldn't give sixpenco for oil that I could say on Ino subject. But, being what nm, my experiences are a different thing.- You are quito sure that thoy are sonic'-' .thing altogether bxotio to anything you' have known yourself ; and thus, obedient, to the mngnotio principle above referred tpryou nre, forcibly attracted by the title of riay : reminiscences;', arid long.. for V glimpse of a phase of life so very dis- . similar to those, through whioh you. have youraolf.pasBcd. : . ; Now the.aotion of tho inoral idiosyn- orney, if-suoh-it may be termed, might: be traced in a . variety of forms. It 1b ap-' parent in tho -'eager interest "displayed- in Hie perusal qf every . incident' odnneolpd with sensational' criino ; it is-' made mini-! fpst in the morbid curiosity relative to the gallows-doomed ; it qarrios thbusinds! to the . gallows' foot to witness -tho dying agonies of a law-strangled wroloh.; ana it. is this— something in the snme manner as corrosive sublimate is used to preserve wood from perishing — wliioh ; embalms each notorious oriminal in the very orimes that should lender him an objeot only of' cxeorntiori; ', In 'the' old days in classic lands tho temple of fome "was placed 'behind ' the' temple of 'virtue. ' But, to sriy nothing of a'more enlightened ago, ivo live iii a part of ! the. world where flora, ; fauna, - and- morality are alike .antipodean. To bo famous it is necessary firat,xboneath an A.UBtrnlian sky, to bocomo!- infamous., Travel far. rind fast on the'road of dare devil villainy, and thocrowd'a acclaim shrill follow on your path. But alas for the nothingness of fnm'o, bo it thrit of tho world's victor or tho -world's villain, tho laurelled bairi or the pistollod brigand. V Yoararigo I .was riiyself in a email way a colcbrity ;"hut toy glory Boori grow dim, and the ungrateful; publio forgot mo in my prison darkness. Thon 'another hero; of the road urosri' to dozzlo the' world with tlio brilliancy of his exploits, and Captniii ; Melvillo heorimo great in tlio' .land. Thq Black Forest pohded with' his rqriqwn, and" the" poppled city and -lonely horiiostead,!. aliko paid' tribute to his rule, tuoky gold-diggor and money-making stpre-kopp'pr,' wo'alSiy sottlors'and plothorio publicans, had coioli'. rind all a tale to toll of Molvillo. But in tlio vory zenith of:, his famo tho. stong hand of tho law crushod him tp nothing, arid the otar of his glory sadly sot in tho darknosa of tho hulk shadbwn nnvnr mnrn ' to vise. ' .' ' Thon -camo the fap'-famod Grirdirior, who inado for himself, 'a wido reputation. Robbing mujls, stopping! gold . oscorte', defying tho police, hore, there, rind every-- where, rid day/passed without a otory of hiB reckless daring. But this knight of tho road; liko tha knights of eldon timo, must nood havo a lady-lovo, and no— . j " With ono fair spirit for his minister," lio sought' a' "do'sort" place, nnd' no longer dazzled tlio would- ho Alachoaths of the ' rising genoratiori with his dabds of SrmB. But tho dcBtiny that had boori so kind- to hini during his udvontqrous cavoor frowned oii hun iviion ho 'withdraw' to to- glorious retirement. Justiod soon had hiin in its grasp ; rind although tho court-house of Sydney resound with tho ncolamatiori.s of his admirers on his being acquitted for tho crimo for whioh ho waa first tried, in tho second cane lie was loss fortunato, and a ponal sottlomont now claims liim for tho noxt thirty ycrirs. ' Morgan iB lord of tho ascendant whilo I writo, and his famo is- of a reddor dyo than that of his prodctfossors. . He is tqo sanguinniy 'to ho popular, qitd is forooious rathor than bravo. Ho is not tlio Oharlomngno of the, bandit-kings, but tho Alaric, and destitute of all ohivalrio tool ings, ho will at lnflt walk -to tho. gallowe more cutecd than pitiod. . It is in tho prison;' geiiorally apealtiug, that crimo in nil .its grddoS id first riaon tlu'ougl? tho litilo of. roiiiaiice. A fml introduotion to theaql may result . Irom tho prenenoo of povorty, riri iriipnlaivo act of. wrong, or an isolated doparturo.from. ;tlie.!priiujildri''qj rectitudo? Subsomioht 'fqi, 5 irimq"cqm'iiitto . in' tlio idiri' "of \ rompptio aruojir. x onth— ahdntrqiigofco ,say,., joutli?in:pnteieiilarteriPP ;fAjlpjl,;.ia:crimo-dop.med for-lifo. Iiam by. jno raoaris.tlioorising; in making thia : state- ' rndnt; but I spoak from' my! oxporienco— speak from a knowledge of tho rintocedents .of'rietres' of thqsb'?rirouud':m'e.!, Tako' thq1 ibpstteffuijgte'd dnd'biglidst-pririoipled bby JthnFphn .88 f quhd'lriMtlb'qumd', rittd pladq' 'liim' ih'riii a'ssqcxatdd Wol for h year; 'and' hp duM'.vepy. soon' riftor, his 'rolcasq,lip foun witl; a . rovolvpr in his hqlt ripa a good liorsp bpneath him, 'galloping through the bush, quite, a .hero; in his own opinion, and.deiightedl'antici- liis profcssionftl' pbiormijjpcos. " The tondqney bf' education ' Wh'ori oncd 'prisqn- . tainted, to load' up torn driniinal "oaraoia owing,'.! suppose,' to thb ritrorigor jfdwer of imaginatioil'n'itli which' It 'ii b'ndowecl, and tlio redUn3'rin'oy.bf spiritewWeh;it"poa-' sossos? _ Tfio 6ib'mvpste.'cHmb with;osi)rt. qf H'orqte grrindOuri and tl('q'qthe'f ; renders its proaooster lcss patibnt to control, arid more eagbrfor tlio lawlessness of a. bush: ranging existence. What youthful novico walking tho prison-yard for tho first time, as ho listens to tho narratives pf criminal recklessness and adventure; thinks of crimo for a moment as the 'evil thing it really is t _Ho is a boy, Mid not a philoso pher. " His imagination is chrinncd, and his reason is inactive. His\yisiori pene trates riot to tho back-ground, whoro sadly, was tobo .soon tho despoiled victims bf his infatuation. Gonorous inhiri disposition,, bb stops not to rcflobt unoh tho utter selfishness of a robber's lifo, and con stitutionally daring, ho dooms not that his attacks upon tho unarmed and do- toncoloss riro tho doinge.of a coward. Noitlior stays ho to calculate conscqiion ccs ; ho recks not of years of prison lifo, nor is ho deterred by tho reflection tiiat his carcor may torminato in a murdored victim and a gallows- death. Fascinatod by tho romancu of crime, ho is blind io its fearful reality, and it is only after years of suffering havo taught soma donrly purchased lessons .that ho recognises crimo to bo tha grim and unsightly thing it is. I havo mysolf entortainod ell thoso' imaginative notions with regard to tho mpro daring kind of criminal pursuits, and tho years are not far distant in tho past when I looked upon a higwaymnn as identical with a hero, and thought thrit guilt and glory wore convertible terms? In possession of tho confidoncoof many of thoso around me at this momont, I am quito justified, in viow; of thoir confessions, in declaring that half of tho dating crimes committed brie thoir' origin to their' so- callc'd rqmriiicp.' , " ' ; Aly own grayer dqpds.pf ill eommpncqd in a auflqieriily teqloramatia' hiritihor? At'tlte tjb toiphr rbtor l was living pt'Gpolo'ng. This.wao.somb months after my roleqse.from Cockatoo, Island. I had token aprirtmenta in a rospoetablo houso in a auourbs of tho town! Thbao l had furnished in n maim or. corresponding with iny'tastos. ' Oiihp' wrillSwAreblegnnteri- graviHgaVa_ vaabbfthbbhojcpsl'flQrioral could' obtairi '"Over 'graced'"' tho "-table. Pqwper's' pbeiris. (the . reiiffiiig of ;. which" ought to' fovq'teade" mb qhpttor man), tho riorks ' p( ! Byrb'ri j Moore, rind . Sqptt, , Bacori'sLVsai/s, Smith 'MWftilihbfNM'oiu, Writto'a>£oyi'c, and. a Treatise . upon. Miaoi - constituted my library. .- Tho moat bxpsrienced .'.detective would' have been' quite at fault in judging of my pursuits by my Burrouridinjgs.' In'faot,' the'&hdlady.of; the' house': subsequently declared " to' the publio tbat l was so steady arid so studious,' that she 'thought Iwns in some way: con nected with'thb ohurphv r ! v ' Now I-Had furnished these apartments with,, irioiiey ;'hbhsstly! Acquired; arid "iii' them I ; totamericed leaairig ri ntrictly horitet lifo. .1? obtained ' situation in! .a storb.'rit G oblong, ah'd'rbbbi.rbd; a salary! of ' 162' per wbpk",a sum? amply' riufiibib'rit;fbr ill' my wants? ?At' tho expiration of a teontn, without any. reason being smsignbd mb, l! wis iriforined, that riiy aorVices'wbre. no longor required: ' I' airi!'. igiiorririt' ?rit this! day of thq causo of riiy. dismissal, and; at thb tiine poasossod .too juriny Billy notions aboflt indopondouco to care to in quire;"'..' J ; Ono evening, "shout a week- after my- loss of omploymeni'J was. gazing from my window out; upon thb street: ! Suddenly a' passer-by looked up;- stopped, - and; ex- olaimed, " Thb' very fellow; I want; to see ; how rire you 1" -'' ' ''' ' ' "i ' I looked doivri, and. there beneath me! stood an old t09p>kai;)csbmjani<A'riJmm«>d .Ohristyj ri ' yqiiixg itian ronownod ;on the? islarid .for his Hstio ,'spienop, I was;in,rio nioo'd.tb ropel his' advances; arid! I at orioq, rient down to him. . !- !? ;':" !" :? ! ! ,.f ' Just cemo overland! frpm Sydney," said Christy, " Harry Dowling is riitlt the, and we're going To do a little busiriessi on this "Bldb, of the Alurrriy?. ,How: glad" Harry '11 bb to soo you 1" ; ' Now Harhy.Dowlirig was, in ivory way,, ;a!remnrkablq' oharaotor. '.His: fn(hrir had roriohod Sydney at' the Government ex- jiprisp,: having boon expatriated for His caligraphio abilities',;.-: Ho had; liowoyerj, liko many othora who had loft their qbuulry for thoir. country's good, got on woudorfully well, and had become a cattle bivnbr.of soni'o;woriUh. ;Ho lind'sonfhis son'Harry to one of tho boBt schools in SydribyJ and Harrjr, in thocouroo of yoairs; bocamo a' very fair 'classical' and iriathe:1 matioril scholar: Ho wrote verses into thb baTgairi ;' and, os'A hecessary'adjunot tb Ilia talorit, ho was ondowO'd with' a most romrintio imagination,' I first met hiiu in Cockatoo Island, ' whero ho was Undergoing, a sontonco of aix months for tho luxury bf Iiorsbwliipping n_ mngistrato who liad oorirsoly alliiucd to liiofrithor'o antecedents, Listoning there, liko mysolf, .to thb slbries told of advonlurouo dopredation, he-, too-, was fusoinnted by the romance of crime..' !"3',!:'!?'.'" ''- '?,: . Ho and Christy left the island together ; and Hnriy commenced professional opera tions by writing out forged ohequoB' for his companion to utter. Of courso thoso loomed in such matters- will in this at oncb recogniso the dovolopment of horodi- tarq talent? I acoompaniod Christy to a puhlip-hpuso in Ashby (a sort bf buburb ; to GcolpiiK), and was .thoro heartily ; wolcompd 'by the blnsBioal nndromrintic Hnrry? Bowling! 1 Thb following story, givori nsnoar-as l can remember iu Harry's own words, will convey to tlio . reader some idea of tlio poculiar tact and ingenuity ditplnyed by this young gontleman in "his professional carcor. "'!''; . , Slid Harry in tlio .courso of tho oren- ing,; "1 havo recently had quite all ad- vcntnro, nothing loss tlinn . rescuing our friond-'' .'-Christy.' from' tlio' grasp' of tho l'hiliBtines.?': ?' , ! Of courso 1 was curious to: learn. tlio ,l)Artibulai;s, and Harry was just as eager '-c jtq?'c(Hniah!rate,'..'tbi;i%' .!. Tlb story is so ,wraiitc(M.tha8.'it'inuqt bayea chapter, tb itself. . " j ' .?!: ! (.. (7 ode continued.) : . ; 