Sales ant} Sketches. Lost in the Jungle. Bt P. Boyee. [from: "camp notes."] You were nigh lest to-day," said Van sten to me one night. " I don't know as -any of ns, barrin' the Kingman, would have found his way back more cool an' clever than you did. It needs right down pluck to keep the wits together when one's lost." " This was not the first time with me," I said ; " but I don't know that the ex perience becomes more agreeable by repe tition." " There's no man could describe what it is to feel lost who hadn't tried it for himself," said Beasley. " I've been lost in many ways: once on the Texan prairie; once on the Pampas; twice on the gold mountains past Libertad; an' I'd blush to know how many times on Schnapps ; but I never were lost in green wood yet, an' thank God 1 for that's an .experience I kind o' don't seem to value. It's scaring enough when you can see yer Way ^before an' as on them lonely moun tains of ChontaleB ; but there's few would keep their senses twenty-four hours in the forest.'' " As to keepin' one's senses, I don't .speak," said Vansten; " but I kept my life in for seventeen days behind Castillo Wiejo, an' in that time I hadn't fa bite to -eat, barrin' pinuela leaves an' pig-apples. ^Seventeen days they tell me it were, an' 410 doubt their reckoning was right; 1 *weres°t likely to be mindful. When I "9as getting fepty againj it somewhiles seems to have been ten years, an' some whileB only a few houra. I've heerd doc \--tors say a man couldn't live more'n a week without icood, but law bless yer ; them sumphs ai^uo and argue amongst themselves for yeai'Sj going on what they call intarnal evidence an' sound reason, •when they might havi1 fixed the matter an a minute by asking ios, who've made their experiments wiliye nJ^ye- * guess we four round this here fire could pass most doctors a key or two they alu'^'kely to find round about their parlours, Dor yet to discover by intarnal evidence. ^ lived on pinuela pith an' pig-apples seventeen days, an' the scientific folk in New Tork told me to my face it were downright impossible. Says the boss of (them : ' Pinuela pith of no wild kind air capable of supporting life by itself, an' of ipig-appleB you say you could scarce find cix in a day.' ' Tarnal thunder,' says I, * I did it!'' Must be mistaken, my good mats; you must have been deceived.' ** Wall' I said, 'I don't mostly like to •call a man bad in his own house, but if I -was to meet you in an asylum for incur [^■ablb idiots I should express no rude as 'iomshment.' ' An' if I were providen tially to encounter you,' said he grinning, 'arm-in-arm with the late Ananias and Sapphira his wife, I should call it quite a -family party !' So I pitied him, an' left, ■for he wur a poor little cuss to handle." "Wal, I should a kind o' risen agin the •notion myself, if I hadn't heard of it afore," said Beasley. "You was the man waB you 1 There must be a likely pile o' twist in your inside, if you lived -on pinuelas for seventeen days. But I've iieard of that tale, an' you was the man ? I thought the ants had knawed yer nose off, What's the story I also had heard, as who had not in those parts, of the man who had lived seventeen days in the forest, and I knew She tale to be true. \ " It's not much to tell," said Vansten after a long pull at the Schnapps bottle, "(but it was awful enough to feel. Ours >s almost the earliest passage across agua to California. We embarked Iw York, some fifty of us, steamed to town, an' there chartered every go about the place to take us up the er, for there was no Transit Company in. "It was a reg'lar little fleet; and a fine time we had as far as Castillo—the liveliest time ever I see. There was lashins o' drink aboard, an' cards, an' some on 'em made a very pretty plunder ■going up. We were a wild lot, boys, an' that's a fact. Them was the days for ad venture on the transit! It's lively now •sometimes, but the San Juan is like the :iiver of the New Jerusalem beside of ■vrhat it once was. Half the party was -allurs down in the horrors, an' the other •half was up in the same; from one min •nte to another a man could not call his 'life his own; every pistol was filed in >the lock, so that it nigh went off by look ing at it! The fighting was right down •free:; we lost three men betwixt Grey town -and Castillo." u But was there no attempt to keep •order ? The natives must have suffered badly in those times," I asked. " The Greasers daren't say much now a-days, I guess, when the miners are on ithe river, and they were even. higher /handed in the days before Walker. Be sides, your bigb-moral Queen of Eng land undertook the police business of the rSan Juan at that time, an' a happy mesB ■she made of it! There was one policeman •at Greytown to keep order among a thou sand San Francisco rowdies, an' that lovely official was allurs down with fever. 'The English seemed to think their etarnal 'Union Jack was a warrant to discount the -milleninm. No ! no one meddled with •us much in thoBe days, an' I don't think ■we can fairly bluster now. Where's the •man who shot those two men nnder the balcony of the Union Hotel, last trip 1 You saw that murder only ten days ago, tn' I tell you the mas as did it '11 be 'bund in New York when passengers are discharged next month. U_We reached Castillo at Sundown, an' lty quiet all night at the foot of the xpids. In the morning the bongos were liuled up ; but it was a long job, for one oily could be taken at a time, and that eipty. We loafed about on the bank witching the boats, and lending a hand nor an' then, but it was slow work and -etcnal hot, so most of as soon fell to gyoaTt and rjnte in the shade. I saw there was little chance of getting off for the next three hours, so I strolled off by myself, for I was young and new to the tropicB, and natur' kind o' interested me. i Fd walked half-an-hour maybe through the bush, admirin' the flowers, an' leaveB, an' birds, when suddenly a tortus- rabbit (armadillo) crossed in front of my track, feedin' an' rootin' about. He was nigh big as a sheep, the heaviest sort, in fact, an' I'd heard what good eating such are; so I thought I'd go back quietly, borrow a rifle, an' come for him agin. " Accordingly, I turned in my track, an' slipped through the bush, mighty clever, as I thought, without scaring the cretur. Maybe an hundred yards I'd got along, aoing as innocent as an addled egg,. when suddenly I came to a big rubber tree, scored about like a cork-screw. ' Guess I didn't pass that afore," thought I, an' looked round. I tried right an' I tried left, but couldn't strike the trail— for there was no trail to strike ! I'd gone into that unpeopled forest as if there waB roads and sign-boards in it; I hadn't blazed a tree nor taken sights, and if ever a man deserved to be lost from right down carelessness an' folly, I was that man. But it's a awful penalty to pay, sir, for a bit of boyish stupidity. I wan dered right and left round the rubber tree until them thoughts came in my mind an' my heart turned sickly. ' Let's try back on the rabbit,' I said out loud, an' my voice sounded strange aud lonely in the hot stillness of the wood. So 1 tried back. I went out on the trail I thought I'd come by ; but after half an hour I'd. not reached the glade. ' Lost < lost!' kept buzzing in my ears; an' I prayed, I fought to keep cool, but that was unpossible for a boy like me. After | a while the mad flt came od, so' I dashed through the bush shoutin' and, raving' till my throat bled. The sweat poured down like a cold rain, an' I knew my wits were going. Every instant I was down headlong, but I held on still, till the fit pas?ed away, leaving me weak an' helpless. ' Good Lord !' I prayed then, ' let me get back to the rubber tree.' Somehow the thought was in me I'd be saved if I could get to any spot I knew. More'n two hoars I was creeping through the bush, au' at last by simple chance, I reajdied the trunk and sat down there. "Lo."d 3 jord J it was a lovely scene around. The day was just at noon, an' the straight s<_'in~rays ®hook down through tbe leaves, an' lit 'bem UP like gold. The flowers was out, sub.^ 88 could grow in that green twilight, foxg.'®'®®®"' orchids, and such; but the ferns an^ tbe shrubs was more beautiful than floweiw Ti}ere was a tall tree fern over agin me, cro>"vned with feathery leaves, that shone tran sparent as green glass. On the other side was a wild banana, bearing a crimson mop of flowers. The climbing moss fell as a pale waterfall from the tree tops, an' the long lianas hung down like brown cords. One of them dropped just above my head, naked and leafless, but at the tip of it glittered a crimson flower, like a jewel hanging from the sky. The air was so hot an' green, and still, except for a faint quiver which from time to time ran through the forest, that one might have thought the world was dead an' buried m thoBe piles of leaves. While the stupid fit was on, I sat an' watched a little army of ants, each carrying a round green leaf upraised as a flag, that hurried along their deep-worn road. A checker of sunlight fell on that brown pathway, an' I mind well how the small creeturs sparkled in crossing it. After a while, the dead hot stillness was broken by the chuckle an' croaking of two parrots that fluttered in a tree above me ; but, with a rustle of leaves, they flew sleepily away. I d sat there maybe for an hour, stupid an' unthinking, when suddintly the forest resounded with a deep roar, that started me afoot. I'd never heard a Congo's howl before, but I'd no fear of that sound ; the consciousness of being lost had come back on me. Straight on I crashed through the hush, torn, bruised, aud fallin' through marsh, an' creek, an' bamboo thicket untU exhaustion pulled me down once more. You see, sir, I was very young in years, an' had never before seen a forest bigger than a corn-patch. Id just sense enough left to know that one must die in the bush, an' die an aw ful death if left there ; but how to find a way out, I had no more idea than any other boy city-born an' bred. " From time to time I shouted as shrill as I could, but the deep, hot alleys of the forest sucked in the sound; an' before sundown I was too hoarse for calling. As night came on, I sank down stupid again aud so lay, not asleep, but senseless. If « puma had found me then, he'd have h'ad his supper cheap; but, thank Heaven, I never met one of them sneaking devils. When morning broke I was faint and sick with hunger ; but for hours I was afeard to take the few fruits that lay round. Towards mid-day, always wandering, I found a bunch of yellow pig-apples grow ing on a vine ; they looked so nice that, poison or no poison, I gathered them all and chawed them up. The're not bad eating, aren't pig apples, anywhere, but to a starving man they do seem right down good, I tell you. But there wasn't more than six or seven, and the biggest not the size of a pigeon's egg, so they were soon over ; and all that day I found no more. Somehow I never thought of being tracked, but only of getting back, an of finding more apples. Once or twice I heard the sound of American rifles at a long distance, and it almost killed me, for I couldn't make the boys hear. To wards dusk I found a bed of wild pines, and, pulling out their prickly leaves, I ate the pith. I can't say it were nice, but neither was I at that time. " On the second day I began to feel hunger right badly. At first it was gnawing, weakly sense, Ibbb hard to bear because ene felt helpless an' tired; but, after twenty-four hours hot fever came on, and I-teemed so wild and strong to \ die. Of drink there was plenty, of course, for the ground was all a swamp, ' an' besides, tbe water vines was common enough. There's greater medicine, sir, in them watertvines than all the doctors can make for you. If a man, sick to death with some diseases, will but come with me into the forest, Til send him out at the week's end better in health than if his dearest friend had just deceased. There's wonderful secrets in tbe woods, an' we have them pretty much to our selves as yet, we who know them. Them , seventeen days behind Castillo shook my health for five years after; but at least I left there all the sickness I took with me ; so I can't say it was all bad lack that time, seeing as I got out in the end." I am, or was, very well acquainted with the liana referred to, and I regret that my botany cannot confirm woodcraft by identifying the species. It is a broad, thick-leaved parasite, soft in the stalk, which discharges full half a pint of water when cut through. There can be no rea sonable doubt that it possesses remark able qualities as medicine, though I can not attest my personal experience. The sap is drunk without any preparation, and natives and foreigners are alike en thusiastic about its strange virtues. " The third day was dreadful bad for hunger. I had a tearin' an' reftin' inside, my sight was flaming an' dim by turns, an' pain twisted up every joint. ] head was curiously clear all the while, except that sometimes I saw things io the wood as never was there; but that was mostly after the fourth day, wheu the pains left me from time to time. I guess hunger takes men very different. Some I've known give in with forty eight hours, and lie down to die with no great suffer ing—aye, and good-hearted oneB too. But your doctors stamp down their little walk, all gravelled and boxed in, for etarnal nature to take exercise up an' down, an' if ever she steps over their little hedge into her own wide fields, my! there's such a stampede among all the little professors. They told me in New York as no man could live ten days with i out food—there ! An' we know a score of men who has done so, and don't make much gas about it neither. *' It would take a week to go through all the fancies I had, an' the strange fig ures that came before me in the time I kept a sort of consciousness, for I was light-beaded mostly. I seem to recollect j meeting a big tiger, and looking him straight between his flaming eyes, without | a morsel of fear ; but he slunk off like a starved cat, an' yon may guess I was an elegant extract so to scare a San Juan jaguar. The thundering howl of congos, morning an' evening, is the memory I mind best of all that time. One day there was a little mottled squirrel came a J*' sat in a great fern over* against me, and looked down into my face with eyes that seemed full of pity. Eh 1 how I hated that little cretur, that looked so lovingly at me. I crept nearer and nearer to catch him, but he sprang away like a bird, and I was too weak even to curse. Sometimes I fancied all my mates was with me, but all lost and dying ; sometimes we was on the river; and there's one dream I mind well, for it came over and ever agin—a game of poker, in which one player cheated an' I shot him. It had happened so on the river i but I wasn't playing, and it wasn't I that shot. If it had been, if I'd had any man's blood on my mind at that time, I'd have given in the very week of the horror. My dreams, awake an'asleep, were always fall of marder an' death somehow. Now, there's a cause for that, I take it, somewhere in one's inside, for there's folk who dream happy when they're starving. "I suppose I gathered apples when they could be found, an' chewed pinuelas, even when mad, for I kept on living. That I wandered about, never resting longer in one place than just to get strength for moving on again, I know, for it was one of the fancies that I should wander ever and ever through the green dimness of tbe bush, under the endless trees until I died. Ah ! it was an awful time. Sometimes it seemed as I had been lost for years; an' then my mem'ry was racked with old stories of men finding their way out of a wood by some clever craft of other, but the tales was all mud dled up with murders, an' old times, an' ghosts. 'Twould have been easy enough for a good woodsman to track out; and maybe I might have done it myself, if I'd hidden my head at the first moment, an' thought it over quietly as you did to-day, 8ir, but I hadn't the experience—that's where it is ! Experience is better than a compass, any day. The creeks at which I drank, most likely all of them, would have led me to the San Joan, where Fd have been Baved 1 and in the days I had some strength an' reason, I might have followed them up and down. For all those seventeen days I never were three miles from Castillo, an' they found me at least within two hundred yards of the fort. That would seem a queer story for home-staying folk, wouldn't it ? But green hand might almost starve to death in a patch of San Jnan forest three hun dred yards square. " Of the last ten days in the bush I re collect nothing at all, an' I'm thankful for it. For the ants found out my help lessness, an' the beetles, an' the flies; only, thank God, the turkey-buzzards didn't come nigh me until the last minute. But when my body was found by the sol diers in going for grass, there was half-a dozen of the horrid wretches waddling round with their leathery heads aside, and bopping each moment closer. An' another queer sign they found, which had, maybe, scared the birds ; all round my body were the tracks of pnmas, as thick as if they'd been dancing a considerable sight of fandango among themselves. Why they hadn't eaten me, I can't think; for he's a cowardly brute, yer lien, au' its sweet cake to him to find a man asleep or dying. ■ «"1 Wal ! I den't want io make yer ill, so I won't describe the state my body was: > when they found it. The Lord have mercyon all sick men in the jnngle! Yon heard the ants had eaten my nose off! It weren't quite as bad as that: but in an hour or two more they'd a done it, if the turkey-buzzards had let 'em. My finger-ends was eaten by them, an' my earsj an' as to the flies, look here; a man might Bhudder at that, I think, even though he were bred for a city lawyer, and had married young. It's a ghastly thing to be eaten alive by insects, but never a man living was nearer to that end than I." "Ah!" said Fraser, "the pumas'd a finished you of kerslash if you'd been fit to eatj an' its a wonder them Bneakin' vermin didn't track you out long since. How came the soldiers to find you, Van sten ?" , "They was prospecting for Sacate for the commandantante's mule, and come across me in the swamp. It's midnight past, boys, an' I'm right down sleepy. Good night !" 