Brighnm Young and Pepper's Ghost. Tin: other day (here was a rather thin story told about the resurrection of Brigham Young. The dear old fellow, tho much-married mm, died, so it was said, about 10 years ago. It ?was commonly believed that lie was not half so con'ortable in tho other world as. he u»ed to be in this, notwithstanding that ho had so many wivce. His doparture made a considerable dif .ferei ce in the affairs of the saints— almost, more tV n did that of J oe Smith himself. The holy b otherhood and sisterhood of latter-day saints (by thi way, they would guin more credit by oalling themselves early-day saints) have .suf fered great persecution at tho hands of wicked Gentiles. The faith of many has been shaken, and their love has become cold. Something desperate had to be done to stop the threatened falling away, and so apparently it was deter mined to raise Brigham Young from the dead. He appeared, so tlio story runs, to some choscn witnesses, who to aid believers or rather unbelievers, gavo a too full account of bow Brigham now looks. Quito' innocently they liave.deecribed him as a venerable-looking man, exactly liko Brigham with 10 years added on. This' is tlio fatal lino in the description. To liavo had a good resurrection, Brigham should have como buck exactly as ho went away. To make liim 10 years older in appear anoo is to show that if. this venerable man is Brigham, lio has been in hiding, and has been leading a perfectly natural life. He should havo como back with all due credentials of having led n. supernatural life. This littlo ?weakness in tho arrangement was pro vided for, if wo may ' believe a writer in an American paper, who assures his readers thai by tho aid of tho dovice which produced Pro ' feasor Popper's ghost the trick oame near to being a great success. He BJys that it was arranged that Brigham should BOmewherc appear to a great number of tho faithful. Tho tabernacle would not havo been large enough, and so a spot on a hill called Mount Nobo, not far from Salt Lake City, was B?ltctod. On a day appointed numbers of the faithful met at this place,' and thero by the aid of Pepper's ghost maohinory tho triok was tried. Soino of tlio apostlos appeared on a platform curiously formed, announced that Brighiim was coming, stopped asido, and lo, in a mysterious ond ghostly fashion tho figure of Brigham was before tho vast and astonished assembly. ' Brethren and sisters,' said tho figure, ' it lias pleased tho Most High to quicken me and restore mo unto you, that ho may bo glorified in Zion and yo in Hini ; even as it is written in tho doctrine of tho covenants and commandments, section seven, paragraph fonr: 'Now, verily I say unto you, that through tho redemption that is mado for you is brought to pass tho resurrection from tho dead.' ' Tlio follow who tells this yam says : ' Tho figuro itself, though apparently corporeal and material, seemed to be diaphanous as woll, so that I could fancy I saw tho outlinos af the pines and cedars at tho back of tho platform, through its most brightly illuminated portions. All tho time a conviction was gradually dawn ing upon me, and a design springing from that conviction taking sliapo in my brain. Tho conviction was nothing more nor less than that the figuro of Brigham Young bofore me was the phantasm or spectrum of a man concealed in a cellar or pit below the platform, in a strong light, whose imago was projected upon tho stage abovo by that ingenious optical contri vance known as Topper's ghost, a portion of (he mcclinnism of which consists of a large sheet of ordinary transparent glass set at tlio back of the stage and supported at a certain angle, so as to cast a reflection of tho person beneath, and at the samo time not to be visible fo the spectator in front. J re design was fo expose this fraud and illusion by breaking this sheet of glass.' He prepared to do so by firing at it tho con tents of an air pistol. The beauty of it was to do this at the right moment. To show that ho had been in good company, Brigham promised to introduce Moses and Elias. Why ho brought them again is not stated. He disappeared to fetch them. He returned leading two vener able looking figures. A ciy went up from the multitude and Brigham raised his hand as if to speak, when suddenly a crash of breaking glass was heard upon tho platform and the figures simultaneously disappeared, but tlio next moment reappeared with frightened looks, and scampered in a decidedly undignified manner toward tho trees at tho back of tho platform. To say that consternation seized upon tho assemblage would be a weak way of expressing tho true state of affairs. The elders and apcstles, who were watching aud superintend ing the business from each side of the plat form, rushed forward, apparently to ascertain what damage was done, and to conceal the stage trap door from the spectators if any of them, in their excitement, should take it into their heads to rush ill. 'Women shrieked and fainted : men looked at each other wildly, and put their hands to their weapons; while the moon, which was by this time pretty near its zenith, added new gliastliness to tho saonc. The faithful are now much distressed, and it it; hard to say who is most blamed, Brigham Young or Professor Pepper's ghost. 