Stage Whispers. BY PROMPTER. The change which is coming over things dramatic in Brisbane and, through the metropolis, in all the chief towns of Queensland is important. Through the influence of Mr. St. Maur—despite the fact that his oompany wasnot all round in the front rank—a taste for modern comedy has been infused and a desire for more has been created. The Theatre Boyal will shortly witness the performances of an Italian Opera Company at prices hitherto unheard of in Brisbane. The highest and latest style of stage appointments are now deemed necessary corollaries to success in dramatis representations, and Mr. W. J. Holloway, who fortunately enough in to become lessee of tha Royal for five months, will doubtless demon strate the fact. The new Opera House is ex pected to open its doors at Christmas, aad ia the meantime the Gaiety is being refitted and will shortly enter very thoroughly into compe tition with its rivals as a comfortable and com pact theatre. The short run and financial failure of tha " Tempest," at the Theatre Boyal, Melbourne, once more exemplifies the actual unpopularity of Shakspeare's lesser known plays, save under the most exceptional circumstances. Mr. Bignold and Miss Kate Bishop are now appearing in the realistic drama, " A Bun of Luck," whioh Messrs. Augustus Harris and H. Pettitt produoed at Drury Lane last year. Mr. Bland Holt, after a toe long absence from Australia, reappears in this drama. Tha sensations of "A Bun of Luck" inclada a real pack of hounds, real racehorses and jockeys and a horse raoe. The* horses dash on the stage at full gallop and the winner passes the judge's box in full sight oi the audienoe. The production of Tom Taylor's historical drama " Lady Clancarty" by Mr. and Mrs. Kendall at the St. James's Theatre was ow of the foremost attractions in London wssm tha last sua left. 01 wane the atUkm do aot agree. Some thought that both Mr. and Mtb. Kendall were unsatisfactory, while others were amaziagly woll satisfied and declared tho performance superior to any other of Clancarty. However, nearly all agree about the great success of Mr Mackintosh as King- William. It was my good fortnne to see the original oast in this not very brilliant play. Henry Neville was Clancarty, Ada Cavendish was Lady Clancarty, Charles Sugden was the King, G. W. Anßon (now in Australia) was Scum Good man, and rare Emily Fowler was Lady Betty Noel. I can, however, well understand that the St. James's production eolipsed the original at the old Olympio in grandeur of appointments and completeness of detail. Another event of importance was the produc tion of a new comedy- drama, " Her Trustee," -written by Mr. James J. Blood. As examples of divergent opinions I give the opinions of the Era and the World. The Era says the author "has shown masterly skill in th*. drawing of some of his sharaoters, and, moreover, has well worked out an interesting Story, supplyingit with strong situations and effective ' ourtains.' Per haps it may be pointed out, in the interests of the piece, that here and there there is too much fine writing, while in other parts there is displayed a tendency to indulge in jokes that are puerile." The World speaks of "a commonplace and unskilful drama by Mr. James J. Blood, entitled "Her Trustee.'" The latter in fact only mentions the play "on account of a remark able and even masterly piece of acting by Mr. James Fernandez, as a broken-down ad venturer, whioh deserves to be recorded to his oiredit." Upon the latter point there is no second opinion. The Era says:—" One of the most memorable things in the representation of the drama was the impersonation of Riohard Marston by Mr. James Fernandez. The get up for the part was excellent; the manners of the loafer, and the drunkard, and the scoundrel, made desperate by poverty, were most effectively put on, and withal there was a certain rude reckless humour that was most naturally brought out, and caused repeated laughter. When Riohard Marston had swallowed his prussio aoid and bad given up tha ghost there was general regret that, so far as * Her Trustee' was concerned, no more would be seenof Mr. JamesF.rnandez." Concerning Miss Helen Barry's impersonation of Catherine Marston, a critic says:—"She, of course, made a handsome and stately representative of the persecuted heroine, and in a series of splendid dresses presented a very imposing figure. But there are mental as well as physical qualifica tions to recommend, and the love for Flavell, the indignation with her vagabond husband, and particularly the horror that springs from ' her trustee's' terrible charge, were all very cleverly depicted, adding still further to Miss Barry's well-won reputation." Miss Fanny Brough, in a small part, and Mr. John Beauchamp as Stephen Peake, the rascally trustee, also dis tinguished themselves. 