important oatholjc cere monial. CONSECRATION OF A BISHOP. llieru i much which goes to iudicatutho growing imporUnco of Australasia inft'iicral, and Victoria hi particular ; and it is not to lio wondered at that tho Holy Hoe, n Uio head- quarter of Roman Catholicism m known nmung.1t onr Catholic Fellow-citizen, should recognise tho stride which wu arc making. For many years Victorian Catholic wcro under tho control of ono Bishop, whoso dioceso comprised tlio entire colony. As time proceeded, and tha population increased, the noccarity for dividing the ecclesiastical authority becamo apparent ; nml it was determined to divido lhu colony into threo diocese. Ono of tho new centres wn fixed at Ballurat, aud tho other at .Sand hurst, A prolate nf high talent, Dr O'Connor, who wn chosen from tlm rank of tho Irish clorgy, was selected for tho first mentioned, but liu did not long mirvivn hi installation aufl died within a few year of hi appoint ment. 1 lo was succeeded by Dr Moure, ft pro minent uonmii Catholic ecoTesmstic, who still occupies tliu position. In tho ease of Hand- hurst a gontloinim of high romiUj was selected, hoi u short timo ho actively performed thu unties of In exalted pnfiiti'm, and Iho. manner in which hu did so gained fur him tho respect of tho inoiubers of nil d( nomination-!, nud tho esteem ami admiration of hi own. Owing to the onerous nature of hi duties, ami the zealous aud energetic manner in which ho car- nod Ihom out. Ins health failed him, mid ho wn compelled lo .souk rest. His medical at tendant ndvisoil travel and abandonment of active duty, mul he paid a visit to Europe, in tho hopo tliat it. would have u recuperative effect, His eyesight, never very strong, had been ticrimtxjy affected, mid gradually itbecftmo worse, notwithstanding lliut the advice of xoma of thu wet ocuUhUi was obtained. Ilerotunied to Victoria, but without having regained Ids health. The importance of tho dioceso ren dered itneeossiiry that ic hlendd have Home nutivo head, and it wan decided tlmtacoadjutor Hhould bu appointed. Dr. Koville, a clergy man who had lor many year boon associated will) the dioeeao.und ha<f (oue good work, was chosen for tlm |xiHt, and was duly consecrated. (SippHlmul, which was oncuruferred to.inahappy phi-use, n ft " now provinco" ot Victoria, has, from many causes, within thn last few years, mado wonderful progress, and thu jwipnlatir.n has tnarvellouidy increimeil. An a coiiHcquoncn c.f tld it was recently represented by tho Catholic authorities here that tliu timo had ooinnforit cluvatiuu into a Hupavato dioccflu with Its own bishop. Tho names, it is under stood, of Koveral clergymen wcromdmntted ; nud nventually Dr Curhett, who has for many year been tho parish priest of StKildii was chosen for tho office, Thu nc- cossavy authority was a short timo sinco re- ccivcif from Rome, and to-day at, HtMarv's Church, Ht Kilda, ho was consecrated by Dr Carr, Archbishop of Mcttwurno, and metro politan ot tho province. Tho other prelates present wcro— Dr Reynold, Archbinhop of Adelaide : J)r Murray, Bishop of Mnit- land, (N.B.W.); DrJlurjihy, Bishop of Tiw mama ; J>r Moore, Bishoi) of Bnllarut : and Dr Reviite, CoadjuLor Bmhop of Haudhurst. There wn a largo number of nHsistnnt priest. Tlm ceremonies were carried nut under tlio direction of tho Vory K«v. Dean Donnghy. A twenty mumtos past 10 o'clock a proces sion, headed by acolytes bearing lighted candle, entered the church, then came tho clergy in the reverse order of rank, Dr Carr, ArcTihiRhop of Melbourne, the eonsccrating pro late, being last. As tlio procession entered the church nt tbo lower door, niul proceeded lo high altar, Zuigarclli' LaiulatoRcuor, Holu.aud chorus) wn given hy Mr Manor and tliu choir. On rcucliiiig tho sanctuary the consccrator and other prelates took their seats, whilst tlm Bishop-clcct wn conducted to another altar by Dr Moore, Bishop of Bnilarat, mid Dr Murphy, Bishop of Tasmania, by wham he was mounted to assume tins veHtmonts preficrilwd by tlio Roman ritual for finch Oceanian. Tlii being done, thu coiiHecrator took a sent in front of, nud with hi back to, tho high altar, and tlio Bishop designate wn conducted to him. Tlio Archbishop called iq>oii tho nutmy (tho Very Rov J. L. Hegarty, V.F.. acting in tlmtcniiaoity) to read thn episcopal mandate of tho l upo. It wa read from tho pnlpit,Dr Corbett thu whtlo sitting in front of nnd facing tho altar. Ho was then conducted to- tho Altar by tho assistant bishops, nud mado' Ids confession of faith nnd loyalty to tho Church, tho question being nkr.d and answered in Latin. Main was llum com- inoncod, nud At tlio Intreit tlio Bishop-eluct wn again conducted to the altar, nt which hu had mummed his vratmnntH, where, in accor dance with tho ritunl, other wero subntitutod as if about to cclohrata Mahm. He returned to tho higli altar, before which ho prostrated himself, nud thu GohimiIs were placed on lu sliotilder, whilst Dean Donnghy blindfolded liiiutlioattondantclcrgychantiugahyiim. The coiiHQcrntioii wa then performed, tho Arch- bishoji anointing tho forehead with holy oil, and uftcrwnrds embraced and saluted him, ns did nluu tho assistant biriiopH, whereiqion ho was again conducted to thu stdo altar and thcnco to tho high nltnr, whore tho consecra- tion ccrcmouial was completed, the Arclibisho) placing the consecration ring on the finger of thu new Bishop nnd tlm mitro on his Jicad, A crosier, was. .then- placed in .'jus ..hand, and ho took tho seat in front of thu altar, which had previously been occupied by thu cousecratov. A procession was then formed of acolytes, tho chaplains, nud tlio assistant bishops, and Dr Corlwtt wn con ducted down through tlio church and back again to lhu altar, giving his blessing to tho congregation on lu way. On his return to tlio altar, lie embraced and saluted tho Arch bishop aud other prelates present. Hq after ward guvo tho benediction from the altar, and was conducted to the throne. Tin: Skrmon was preached by thu I to v. Father OTarroll, one of tlm Redumptorist Father of Wnmtah Monastery, N.H.W. Ho scloctrd for hi text tho word to bo found iu 28th Chapter of St Matthew, versos 18,19. ami 20 And Je«u, advancing, raid unto them, 4 All power is given to mu in heaven and on earth. Going, there fore, tench nil nations, liapti«ing them in tho namoof tho Father, and of (ho Son, nnd of tlio Holy Ghost, instructing thorn to observe all that I luivo commanded you; nndbchoid I am am with you always oven to the consummation of tho world.'" lie said that n vory great event had just token place. The Almighty, God hnd inado known ITis will as Ho did on that day long ago when tlio lot fell upou Matthias, ami ho was num bered Amongst the Apostles. To dav, as upon Pentecost, tho Holy Ghost had descended, and another pastor wn given to tlio Church — another untclimnu was placed uixm their wall, fhoreforo did tho Holy Church invest that great event with nil thu magni ficence, nnd with all tliu deep significance of a splendid ceremonial, in order that both lio who was raised to tho dignity, and thoy who looked on, might bo taught to vencrato and esteem thnt Ugliest ufficn which man could hold on earth— a pastor in thu Church of Christ, a pastor in the flock of Jos us. And most beautifully did Iho church teach iho lesson. Receiving tlio Episcopal ring tlio new Bishop was romuulod that- now ho was bound »y inviolable obligations sinco ho had contracted tho closest union that man could contract with the spouso of Christ on earth. And at the ramn time they wcro all reminded of their obligation to venerate and trust ono upon whom tim Divine Master hud bestowed so great a mark of dis tinction. Again, tho orozior, or pastoral staff as it was called, had its lowon, and tho now prnlnto was reminded on recoiving it that henceforward, Invested with tho episcopal authority, ho mmt bo a just indue, u watchful guardian, and a gentle fat her to tho flock entrusted to hi cure. Tiiosu tliat belonged to hi flock must know their fthep- herd, rcsiurct hi authority, nud listen to him a to thu voice of Jcsu Christ himself. And when the stately mitre was nlncnd upon the annoiutod head of tho mnv prelate they saw that it was not merely a decoration added to tlio other episcopal vostmnut, hut that it would bo a helmet of salvation, uud that hence forth ho would havo to go forth and do battlo in tho very front rank ck the anny of Christ, ami by hif Leaching, and by tho light of hi cxnmpio must encourago nnd enlighten Ilia fnithful flock to follow him on to victory. They thu saw that theso ceremonies! of tho church were not as they wera often called, ' meaningless mummeries." They revealed tho deep wisdom of ilvo Holy Church herself, a and encouraged them to greater veneration and res|>cct for the Church that wa guided by such heavenly wisdom. But ho did nob now propose to dwell upon tho ccramonics of the Roman ixmtifical. Thero seemed to bo something deeper and greater under lying tho oventa which had just transpired. It secured to hnu that the great doctnno of the Iiuly Catbolio Church was brought prominently into viow, nnd though they might admivo in the ccrotnotucs the grace and beauty of tlio movements of the npouse of Christ, if they would only observe thoro wa upon her queenly brow a gem thnt sliono today with a Hpccial lustre and compelled the ndmirntinn of every one who gazed upon it, and thnt was the npofltoliclty of the Holy Catholic Church. A great point tliat stood out in bold relief was tlm circumstance that at tho vory outset' tho assistant bishops wont forward au tlm s|)onsors of him who olauncd tha Episcopal dignity and presented him to tlio .conauurnting prolato fur tho purposo.1 Not a word of answer did tho prolate give, not ouo step, not una movement, did ho inalco until thoy answered tho question —Alain J mnwfcdUM apontQlicuM'-' 11 Have you thu ftpostoho commission 1" Tims they raw how thu Church took care that no hireling ehould cnicr amongst her flock, and thnt no man should cntor by the door of Apostolical authority who was not qualified to do so. Thoy had ofton heard thu term "Apostolio" applied to tlio Holy Church. It meant that wliloh came from tho Apostle, and that was tho prlnaiplo obsorvod by ,tho Fjitharu At Nico flftoon cenlurica ago, whon thoy held that tho doctrine of tho churoti must bo iupntical with thu duotrlno dullvcrod by Joaus Christ to His Apostles, mil must derive thnt powor and authority in uninter rupted Qiiooesshm from thoApostlca. There fore In thu toroi Apostolio there wore two thing specially signified— first that tho Church of Christ fa bo apostolio must toaoh the doctrinos taught by tho apostles, and do- jivorod by Christ to UioApoBtlee: and, socondly, that the Ohurob, to bo Apostolio, must hav her ministry coming in direct succession from tbpso whom Ohriflt sent to be (ho torchon and rulors In Hla flock. Christ toitructcd His disciples to teach all nations, bap tising Mtd SnatruQthut thoa. It ww thorn a wliom hn wa nihlrcKaing that Clirlnt nhonld bu tlio witncH.sc of ill otr.rnnl truth, that limy wore to bo the do posltorre of thati truih, and thu channel tlirongh which Ib wa to flow through all ' nation to tho end of timo. Now, hero wan his conclusion. If Jesms Christ, who was trulv God, was with Hi A|>0Htica then, and still with them— not merely with ihum throughout their own lifetime, but till with, them in tho work of teaching, wliich would bu carrred oil to tlio ond of tiinu— if ib wn truo that Jcsuh Christ wa to bu with IIi» Church iu teaching his doctrine, thon, ho raid, never for moment could any falsehood gut into tho teach ing of tlio churuh-— a doctrlno which Jesns Christ himself helped Jim minister to teach and deliver to tho jxjoplo. They road in said tho Apostlu St. BuiiI'h Epistlo to tho . EphuHian that tliu Afxntto told tho faithful that tlrey wcro founded iqion tlio AjwUe. 4,Yon aro founded, upon Uin foundation of tho Apostles and prophet, Chrisb hiinsolf being tho chief enrnemtnnu." Now, thu did ho '' thu tiling that you havo hero from mo by mauy witucraes tlio ramu" — and lob them mark tlio words-—1 44 yuu commend to faithful men, who in their turn v«i)l be fit to teach other." 44 Tho same," raid tlio Apostle, " that you hnvo here from mo linnd down lo other fnithful men in tho ministry, wlm shall bu nhlo to teach tho same doctt-iun also." Whnfc followed from this? In thu words of tlm Apostle, thnt no other doctrine wa to lm taught, or could bo taught, by any other minister of tho Church of Christ than that which Paul Um Apostln had received from Jroms Chriafc Himmfff. But thero wn Komethlng stronger nlill Hah! by thu niuim Apostle. Writing to tho Galatiau, he said, in most forcihle angua|(c, after warning them about those who ware, by their falnu teaching, trying lo pervert tho truth of Jo.hu Christ, " though un angel Irani Heaven ulmuhl eomo and preach to you any doctrine— any gospel— nthor than that which wo have proaclmd 10 you, lot him 1 w auatlmina i" Tiicy could, therefore, sco from thu teaching of thn njsiMtlo that tlm tout to bo omnloycd with nu ptcaolmr or any church that claimed to tench tho truo doctrine w.is to question or cxamino lio or it, and see if any other doctrina was preached than that jirpuched by tlm Apontlcr. (Left fljxaiking.) 