OPENING OF ST. PATRICK'S -R.C. CHURCH. Sunday last was marked by an import ant epoch in the history of the rising township of Kerang, but more parti cilarly of importance to the Roman Catholic persuasion of the town and district, the event being the conse cration and opening of a new church. It has long been manifest that the old wooden building, situated near the inter section of Scoresby and Victoria streets, was totally inadequate for such a growing district as Kerang. Recognising this fact, 18 months ago the pastor, the Rev E. J. Madden, took the initiatory steps to secure a building that would meet the require ments of the place and reflect credit upon -the body to which it belonged. By strenu ous efforts on the part of the reverend gen tleman named, and a generous response by his own and other denominations, to gether with the aid of the sum of £500, the proceeds of the sale of the block of land upon which the old chapel at present stands, the commiittee were enabled to call for tenders on the 6th October, 1886, for the erection of a new building. Mr Jorgensen was the successful tenderer, the late Mr .J M. Brady being the architect. The amount of the contract price, without lime and cement was- £1175, the price paid for the altar £50, while the furnish ings etc., throughout, will bring the cost up to about £1500. The dimensions of the building are as follows :-Chancel, 18ft x 18ft ; vestry, 12ft x 12ft; nave 5Oft x 25ft;. perch, 10ft x lOft. The chancel arch, which is supported on either side by a white pillar, is of the Gothlic style of architecture, as are the windowa and doors throughout the structure. There are egress doors for the public on the north, south and eastern elevations, and being fitted with the latest patent escape locks, the whole building, which is capable of holding 400, could be emptied in a very short space of time. The walls are stuccoed in a white ground with black lines, the top of the walls being surmounted with a heavy moulding, and the ceiling, is of Kauri pine, stained and varnished. The building alto gether is well finished, and great credit is due both to the contractor and architect; for the admirable manner in which they have fulfilled their obligations. Sunday morning dawned with a very q?estionablo prosect of fine weather, but, however, the day turned out fine, though bleak and cold, and the absence of that element of which we have had so large a share lately, made matters a little more comfortable to those who were bent on witnessing the impor tant ceremony. It was thought that the bad state of the roads would be a factor in decreasing the attendance, but in spite of mud and slush, the building was liter ally packed by a congregation which contained a very large sprinkling from other denominations. Three masses were celebrated during the morning, the first at 9a.m; by the Very Rev. Prior Butler, O.C.C., the -second at 10 a.m. by the Rev. Dr. Reville, Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, and the third at 11 a.m. by the Rev E. J. Madden, the pastor of the church. The consecration of the church was performed by. Dr Reville at the con clusion of the first mass. - \- Admission to the opening ceremony was by ticket, and to show the vast attendance on Sunday, it may be stated that 400 tickets were taken at the door to witness the 11 o'clock mass, - which was Haydn's No 2 Missa Cantata; and was celebrated by Father Madden, assisted by a very effective choir from St. Kilians, Sandhurst, under the leader- - ship of Mrs-Tamlyn. The other members of the choir were Mrs Hayes, Miss White, and Messrs Tamlyn, M. and F. Macoboy, who being so well and favourably known, it would be superfluous to remark that the can tata was performed in a thoroughly pleasing and artistic manner, and was very much appreciated by the large congregation present. At the conclusion of the mass, which occu pied an hour, the Very Rev. Prior Butler -delivered a very eloquent sermon,; taking his. text from Luke, chapter I. The Rev. gentle-. nian remarked" that as the previous day was the one on which the celebration of the Feast of the Visitation took place, he thought it would be the most appropriate subject to. discourse. There was a feeling existing in the minds of outside the Catholic faiths that too much worship was given by Catholics to the Virgin Mary. ' He would endeavor to show them that that impression was erroneous, "and that Catholics' were not only- justified, bu boud by the most sacred ties of nature, to pray to a mother, to intercede with her son on their behalf. When God created Adam and Eve, and placed them in the garden of Eden, they were perfect-beings. He forbade them to eat of a certain tree. His command was not kept- the evil: spirit took pos session'of 'Eve, and .she tempted, Adam into sin. The result of their contumacy was they had to pay the penalty of their; sins by death 'not immediate death for it was nearly: a thousand years from the time the sin was committed until Adam died. By their sins their first parents lost their immor tality and'secured; for them the heritage of imperfect beinsg consequently they were all born it sin and were all mortal; no man was perfect unless he was immortal. It was about four thousand years after man was con demned to die, ere a saviour!was born- who would redeem that which had been lost by, the contumacy of their first parents. The angel Galbriel appeared before a virgin, whose came was Mary, and said unto her " Hail maiden full of grace, thou that are highly favored, the Lord is with thee, blessed art thou among women," ' When the maiden said Gabriel, she was troubled, and wondered what was the purport of this salutation, and when she was told that she would conceive and -bring forth a son who would be called Jesus, she replied, "How shall this be,-I know not man " The angel answered and said "The Holy Ghost shall come apon thee and the power of the Highest shall over shadow thee, therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God,! to which Mary replied ' Behold the handmaid of the Lord be it un to me according to thywish." What an honor to be given to a woman to become the mother of Almighty God. Why was the pur sanctified Mary asked to receive this high honor?- Was it not possible that there were other women who had heard it prophe sied that aMessias was to be born of a wo man, and who perchance, were looking for ward for this great honor ? Some would say that it was destined that Mary alone should receive this great and high honor. When asked by the angel Gabriel to become the mother of God, Mary was at liberty to refuse and free to act as she chose; thus a pure; gentle and sanctified maiden was chosen by God to be his mother, and the mother of a son by whose help alone could they secure the immortality taken from them by the sins of their first parents. Mary regarded the Lord as her Saviour. because she said, " Henceforth all generations shall call me blessed, for He that is mighty hath done to me great things, and holy is `His name." A woman who stood out from her sex, an im maculate virgin; a being whose life was all purity, who was chosen to fill the highest office ever conferred on woman, through whose instrumentality they were to be re deemed from that awful ban brought upon them by the disobedience of their first parents and instead of perdition they had to gain everlasting life, was a being that should com mand the admiration and worship of every true Christian. Had it not been for the blessed virgin they would have had no Saviour, no Christ to redeem them at the cost of His life and blood. That was why Catholics paid such deep homage to the name of the Vir gin Mary. They recognised her as being primal fing or Mary was the first name they taught their children to love and honor, and it was the last name the priest whispered at the bedside of a dying Christian. The rev. gentleman also remarked that he desired to compliment the Catholic body at Kerang in possessing such a pastor as the Rev. Father Maidden, who had worked so hard to get them the beautiful church they had opened that day. That church was not a place wherein they were to congregate simply to read a few lessons, but where they were to commune with their God, the son of the blessed Virgin Mary, whose name and praise he hoped they would sing for many years. In conclusion he thanked those Catholics who had taken such a deep interest in their church at Kerang. God had been kind and merciful, and had done a great deal for them, and all that He asked in return was their love. This they should give by supporting His Holy Church. On behalf of Father Madden he desired also to thank those outside the Catholic body who had so cheerfully assisted them, and although their. religious views were a little different they were all serving one Master, seeking one heaven, and he sincerely hoped that each and all would gain that heaven. The rev. gentle man also delivered an eloquent sermon in the evening, when the church was again crowded to its utmost capacity. 