UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. A HOVEL, CHAPTER V. {Continued). THE DEAD MAN'S TESTIMONY. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Jacobi's Wife." " Martin Deveril'a Diamond, 4c. lie seized Hugo by the arm and compelled him to rise; but the lad, with a face blanched by terror, absolutely refused to move from the spot. " Not to-night—I can't—I can't!" he said, his dark eyeB dilating, and his very lipB turning white with fear. " To-morrow, Brian— not to-night." Bat Brian briefly answered, " Come," and tightened his grasp on the lad's arm. And Hugo, though trembling like an aspen leaf, yielded to that iron pressure, and followed him to tue room where lay all that was mortal of Richard Luttrell. Once inside the door, Brian dropped his cousin's arm, and seemed to forget his presence. He Blowly removed the covering from the dead face and placed a candle so that the light fell upon it, Then he walked to the foot of the table, which served the purpose of a bier, and looked loug and earnestly at the marble features, so changed, eo passionless, and calm in the repose of death! Terrible, indeed, was the sight to one who had sincerely loved Richard Luttrell— the strong man, fall of lusty health and vigour, desirous of life, fortunate in the possession of all that makes life worth living only a few short hours before; now silent, motionless for ever, struck down in the hey-day of youth and strength, and by a brother's hand! Brian had but epoken the truth when he said that he would giadly change his own fate for that • f his brother Richard. He forgot Hago and the reason for which he had brought him to that room, he forgot everything except his own unavailing sorrow, his inextinguishable reeret. Hugo remained where his cousin had left him, leaning against the wall, seemingly incapable ot speech or motion, ovetcome by a superstitions terror of death, which Brian was as far from suspecting as of comprehending. In the utter silence of the house they could hear the distant stable clock strike 11. The wind was rising, and blew in fitful gusts, rustling the branches of the trees, and causing a loose rose branch to tap carelessly against the window panes. It sounded like the knock of some one anxious to come in. The candles flickered and guttered in the dranght; the wavering light cast strange shadows over the dead man's face. You might have thought that his features moved from time to time; that now he frowned at the intruders, and now he smiled at them—a terrible, ghastly smile. There was a footstep at the door. It was Mrs. Luttrell, who came gliding in with her pale face, and her long black robes, to take her place at her dead son's side. She had thought that she must come and assure herself once more that he was really gone from her. She meant to look at him for a little while, to.kiss his cold forehead, and then go back to Angela and try to sleep. She took no notice of Brian, nor of Hugo ; she drew a chair to the long table upon which the still white form was stretched, seated herself, and looked steadfastly at the uncovered face. Brian started at the sight of his mother; he glanced at her pleadingly, as if he would have spoken; but the rigidity of her face repelled him. He hung his head and turned a little from her,&B; though to steal away. Suddenly a terrible voice rang through the room. "Look," cried the mother, pointing with one finger to the lifeleBS form, and raising her eyes for the first time to Brian's face—"look there." Brian looked, and flinched from the sight he caw. For a strange thing had happened. Although not actually unusual, it had never before come within the experience of any of these watchers of the dead, and thus it suggested to them nothing but the old superstition which in old tines caused a supposed murderer to be brought face to face with the man he was accused of having killed. A drop of blood was trickling from the nostril of the dead man, and losing itself in the thick, black moustache upon his upper lip. It was folio wed by another or two, and then it stayed. The motber did not speak again. Her hand sank; her eyes were rivetted upon Brian's face with a mute reproach. And Brian, although he knew well enough in his sober senses tbat the phenomenon they had jast seen was merely ciused by the breaking of some small blood vessel in the brain, sucn as often occurs after death, was so far dominated by the impression of the moment that he walked out of the room, not daring to juBtify himself in his mother's eyes, not daring to raiBe his head. After him crept Hugo, whose teeth chattered as though he were suffering from an ague; but Brian tooa no more notice of his cousin. He went straight to his own room and losked himself in, to bear hiB lonely sorrow as best he might. No formal enquiry was made into the cause of Kichard Luttrell's death. Archie Grant's testimony completely exonerated Brian, even of carelessness, and the general opinion waB that no positive blame conld be attached to anybody for the sad occurrence, and that Mr. Brian Luttrell had the fall sympathy and reBpectofallwhoknewhimand had known his lamented brother, Richard Luttiell, of Netheiglen. So the matter ended. But idle tongueB still wagged, and wise heads were shaken over the circumstances attsnding Richard Luttrell's death. It was partly Mrs. Luttrell's fault. In the first hours of her bereavement she had spoken wildly and bitterly of the share which Brian had had in causing Richard's death. She had spoken to Doctor Muir, to Angela, to Mrs. Shairp—a few words only to each, but enough to show in what direction her thoughts were tending. With the first two her words were sacred, but Mrs. Shairp, though kindly enough, was not so trustworthy. Before the good woman realized what she was doing the whole household, nay, the whole country side, had learned that Mrs. Luttrell believed her second son to have fired that fatal shot with the intention of killing, or at least of maiming, his brother Riciiard. The Grants, who had spent the day of the accident at Netherglen, were of course eagerly questioned by inquisitive acquaintances. The girls were ready enough to chatter. They confided to their intimate friends in mysterious whispers that the brothers had certainly not been on good terms; they had glowered at one another, and caught each other up, and been positively rude to each other ; and they would not go out together ; and poor Mr. Luttrell looked so worried, so unlike himself! Then the brothers were interrogated, but proved less easy to "draw." Archie flew into a rage at the notion of sinister intentions on Brian's part. Donald looked " dour," and flatly refused to discuss the subject. Bat the many wiseacres who knew the business of everybody better than their own. And the rumour waxed and spread. During the days before the funeral Brian saw almost no one. He lived shut up in his own room, as his mother did in hers, and had interviews only with his lawyer and men who came on business. It was a sad and melancholy house in those days. Angela was invisible—whether it wai she or Mrs. Luttrell who waB ill nobody could exactly say. Hugo wandered about the lonely rooms, or shut himself up after the fashion of the other members of the family, and looked like a ghost. After the first two days, Angela's only near relation, her brother Rupert, was present in the house; but his society seemed not to be very acceptable to Hugo, and, finding that he was of no use, even to his sister, Mr. Vivian went back to England, and the houee seemed quieter than it had been before. The funeral took place at last. Whan it was over, Brian came home, said farewell ti the guests, bad a long interview with Mr, Colquhoun, the solicitor, and then seated himself in the study with the air of a man who was resolved to take up the burden of his duties in a befitting spirit. His air was melancholy, but calm; he seemed aged by ten years since his brother's death. He dined with Hugo, Mr. -Colquhoun, and Dr. Muir, and exerted himself to talk of current topics with courtesy and interest. But his weary face, his saddened eyes, and the long pauseB that occurred between his intervals of speech produced a depressing effect upon his guests. Hngo waB no more cheerful than his cousin. He watched Brian furtively from time to time, yet seemed afraid to meet his eye. His silence and ae -pression were so marked that the doctor afterwards remarked it to Mr. Colquhoun. " I did not think that Mr. Hugo would take hU cousin's death so much to heart, he you think he does ?" asked Mr. Colquhoun drily. "I don't believe he's got a heart, the yonng scamp. I found him myself in the wood, examining the bark of the tree near which the accident took place, you know, on the morning after Richards death, as cool as a cucumber. ' I was trying to make out how it happened,' he said to me when I came up. 'Brian must have shot very straight.' I told him to go home and mind hie own business." , . , " Do you think what they say about Brian u intentions had any foundation?" asked the Not a bit. Brian's too tender-hearted for a thing of that sort. But the mother's very bitter about it. She's as hard as flint. It a bad lookout for Brian. He's a ruined """Not from a pcconiiry point of view. The rropeity goes to him." ' Yes, bat he hasn't the strength to pat up with the Blights and the scandal which will go with it. He has the pluck, bat not the physique. It's men like him that go oat of their minds, or commit snicide, or die of heart-break—which you doctors call by some other name, of course—when the world's against them. He'll never stand it. Mark my words—Brian Luttrell won't be to the fore this time next year." "Where will he be, Colquhoun? Come, come, Brian's a fellow with brains. He won't do anything rash." " He'll be in his grave," said the lawyer gloomily. "He'll be enjoying himself in the metropolis," said the doctor. " He'll have a fine house and a pretty wife, and he'll laugh in our faces if we hint at your prophecies, Colqahoun. I should have had no respect at all for Brian Luttrell if he threw away his own life because he had accidentally taken that of another man." *' We shall see," said the lawyer. 