WHIT THE BISHOPS HAV£ DONE FOB CIVILIZATION AND LEARNING. ?Hot Vv'as it only for the spiritual interests of their people that the bishops everted their zeal. Every thing that tended to 'ohe social advancement and happiness oi: mankind found in the Catholic bishop a promoter, a patron, a guardian. Is it not a matter of history that the exertions of the Catholic bishops, collectively and individually, gradually prepared the way for the abolition of slavery ? And does not every schoolboy know thfrt the great palladium of English liberty — the great basis of the English Constitu tion — the Magna Charta— '-was wrested from the hands of a tyrant by Stephen Langton, the Ca tholic Archbishop of Canterbury p Speaking of the influence of Catholic bishops on European civilization, the celebrated Protestant historian, Guizot, after a careful survey of facts, has made this candid admission— that the kingdoms of Europe and their civilisation were mainly the work of Catholic bishops. With regard to the ad vancement cf learning, it seems almost superfluous to say tkat Catholic bishops were always among ita foremost patrons and benefactors. A CALUMNY RAITED. And yet it is not only said, but often taken for granted by a certain class of writers and speakers, theft Catholic bishop3 are afraid of learning and Science and that they are on principle opposed to intellectual pursuits. Read many of the leading journals of the present time and sec whether this is not the impression they endeavour to convey. But do these writers forget, or dc they wilfully ignore the fact that before the Reformation thevo were no less than GP universities in Europe, eiu-h attended by thousands of i:;''-'! -^ .. 1 . thw.t every one of these 66 universities owed its existence, not merely in part, but in a great mea sure to the influence and munificence of Catholic bishops ? Do they forget that even within the small territory of the States of the Church, whore episcopal influence was natural!}' paramount, there were no less than siic flourishing univer sities P To say nothing- of the other great seats of learning that flourished before the Refoifcaatio£- do they forget that Oxford owes not only its existence but Its greatness to Catholic bishops ? That of the 19 colleges, of which it consists, 14 were founded before the Reformation, and that oi: these 14 every one was ) either founded or richly endowed by Catholic bishops ? That Magdalen College, Tt cne ,cf the noblest structures of the learned world/' was founded by William Patteiiv Bishop of Winches ter ? And that Christ Church College, the most famous of th.e»A all, was founded by the princely muilifiees.ee of Wolsey ? Thoso famous schools survey through Europe wide, From Albion's plain, where Cani and Isis glide ; And name but one from Scjrthia to the west, By priests unilouiuled or by priests unblest. n?l±I3 'FIGHT AGAINST INFIDEL EDUCATION. It is true, indeed, that they are opposed, and ever will be opposed, to that system of education which does not recognize God, and which tends, directly or indirectly, to sap the foundations of religion and morality. And neither threats, nor slander, nor calumny, nor persecution will ever move the hierarchy of the Church to adopt, to accept;, or to approve a system of education which they believe to be dangerous to the spiritual and eternal interests of those committed to their care. But true education — education which recognizes the spiritual nature of man, and his duties and obligations in the supernatural o.s well as in the natural order — education which trains the intel lect without neglecting the will and affections — will ever fiildi as it ever has found, its warmest advocates, and its staunchest supporters, in those whose first duty is to teach the nations. In ad dressing an Australian audience it is quite un necessary to refer to the virtues and labours of those whom the Holy Ghost has placed amongst us to rule the Church of God in these distant shores. OtfR COBOHilii EPISC6PACS. Bishops iti these colonies are brought into closer intercourse with their flocks than bishops in other lands ; and all know what manner of men they are. In journeying often, in perils of waters, in perils in the wilderness, in labour and painfulness, in much watchings beside those things which are without their daily instance, the solicitude for all the Churches. Who suffers flnd they do not suffer ? Who is scandalized and they are not on fire? The example of their lives is for all who know them a burning- and a shining light \ and have they not, by their firmness and constancy, already given ? proof that, where the cause of God and the in terests of their flocks are at stake, neither calumny, nor slander, nor misrepresentations, nor threats, nor the wily machinations of statemen, nor unjust laws, will ever make them swerve from their sacred duty, or render them unfaithful to their sacred trust? The solemn ceremony we have witnessed here to-day is a ''source' of consola tion to every true .child of the Church of God. THE CHURCH'S VITALITY.,. ,: ? .' It is consoling to us to see here one of the many proofs of the vitality of that Church. Nineteen hundred years have well nigh passed1 away since; she first commenced her mission to the nations. ; During that time the world has, seen many; changes. Empires, and kingdoms,' and dynasties ; that seemed destined to last for ever are for-, gotten. The old civilization has given' place 'to; the new — with its new customs, its, new institu tions, its new forms of thought, its new religions. But the Church of Christ— the only existing in stitution that links these two great ages of civili zation together — remains, and remains not in the decrepitude of old age, not. ' a mere antique,' but, according to the admission of her enemies, as fresh, as vigorous, as young as she was on the first Pentecost 19 centuries ago. We see her still sending forth to the very ends of the earth her missionaries, zealous as those that landed in Kent with St. Augustine, or on the shores of Ireland with St. Patrick. We see her founding new dioceses and erecting new hierarchies in lauds the very existence of which a few generations back was unkuown to the civilized world. THE NEW PRELATES. It is consoling to us to see the ranks of the Australian Episcopate strengthened to- day by the accession of two worthy priests taken from the Australian priesthood— one of them in every respect the worthy son of the great Augustine (whoso feast by a happy coincidence falls on to day) — of that great saint who is, at the same time, the glory and model of the Episcopate, the great light, the great father, the great pillar of the Western Church. The other, a zealous, prudent, hardworking, learned, exemplary; devoted mis sionary, beloved of all that know him, both priests and people. Both of them children of that race on whom the Apostolic spirit of St. Patrice seems ] to have rested — of that race that has never ceased j to send forth her missionary sons to oast and to j west, to north and to south — of that race, the names of whose missionary priests and bishops - (as an eloquent living writer says) are found in- J scribed on the mountains of Switzerland, on the | plains of Italy, on the cities of the Worth. WORDS OF ENCOURAGEMENT. To conclude, 1 would say to the newlyconse crated prelates, Take, then', Most Rev. Fathers, your high commission which to-day has been con ferred upon you by the Holy Ghost, of Whom you 'are at this moment filled. Go forth as atnbassadora of Christ, as high priests of His Church, to teach, to guide; to rule those flocks com mitted to your care by His Vicar on earth; Fear not the onerous burden that is placed upon you, a burden formidable even to angelic shoulders. You have the sacramental grace of your office to strengthen you ; you have a loving and zealous priesthood to second your efforts and to share your labours ; you have the abiding influenoe of the Holy Ghost to enlighten, to guide, to console you ; you have, above all, the Prince and Chief of Pastors to strengthen and sustain you. Hold, then, the form of sound words, guard the sacred deposit of faith which has been committed to you, rule with mildness and fairness, labour as good Soldiers of Ohrist Jesus, fight the good fight, ' Take heed to yoursalves and to the whole flock, wherein the Eoly Ghost hath placed you bishops to rule the Church of God ;' so that when the term of your labours is at an end, when you shall have to resign your staff of office into other hands, you may merit to receive from the Prince and Chief of Pastors an incorruptible crown of glory. After the CTskEMONiTsf. W hen the preacher came down from the pulpit the prelates and priests left the sanctuary in pro cessional order, and entered the vestry, when Dr. Doyle and Dr. Hutchinson were immediately surrounded and perfectly showered with con gratulations and good, wishes. After the warm and earnest congratulations of the prelates and clergy, a number of ladies and gentlemen, per sonal friends of the new prelates, were ad mitted to the vestry to offer their felicita tions, which were, we need hardly say, no less cordial and whole-hearted. Both Dr. Doyle and Dr. Hutchiuson were besieged with men, women, and children, who were anxious to receive their blessing, and it was not till long after the Cardinal- Archbishop and the other pre lates and priests had unvested, arid, crossed over to the Presbytery, that the two Bishops with their 'blushing honours thick upon them' could separate themselves from the little knots of friends I and well-wishers who congregated in the vestry and its immediate vicinity. The Cardinal enter tained all the prelates and clergy at luncheon in the Presbytery, himself presiding as host, with the new prelates at either hand. BANQUET AT MANLY. In honour of the event so holily and happily celebrated, the Cardinal on Monday gave a banquet at his palace at Manly, to which were invited a large party of prelates, priests, and lay men. The guests included the Archbishop of Adelaide, Dr. Reynolds; the Bishop of Hong Kong, Dr. Raimondi ; the Bishop of Goulburn, Dr. Lanigan ; the Bishop of Maitland, Dr. Mur ray ; the Bishop of Bathurst, Dr. Byrne ; the Bishop of Wilcannia, Dr. Dunne ; the Bishop of Graf ton, Dr. Doyle ; the Bishop of Armidale, Dr. Torreggiani ; and the Vicar- Apostolic of Cooktown, Dr. Hutchinson. Altogether the company numbered about seventy, and many of our leading Catholics, together with several intimate friends of Dr. Doyle and Dr. Hutchinsou who were specially invited, were present. Mr. C. Dean, secretary of the Lisiiiore committee, represented Dr. Doyle's old parish and the new diocese of Graf ton. Cardinal Moran presided, and a number of ap propriate toasts were proposed and honoured, and there was some speech making of a particularly; happy description. -.,-?.- THE CONSECRATION GIFTS. : The handsome insignia worn by the. Right Rev. Dr. Doyle and the Right Rev. Dr. Hutchinson were presented by the people with whom these ecclesiastics had been intimately associated before being raised to the episcopacy, the gifts in each case consisting of a Pastoral staff, a gold pectoral cross, and chain, and a jewelled episcopal ring. Dr. Hutchinson's insignia was manufactured at the establishment, of E.J. Hollingdale and Son, King-street,: the; crozier, an elegant article in design and execution, the floral crook, most gracefully made, being of highly polished ebony and richly gilt metal; the pectoral cross, of 18 carat gold, artistically wrought, and ornamented with a prof usion of chasing, and the chain, weigh ing 5&oz.; of 18-caiat gold— a very massive one. In the making of the cross nearly 3oz.'of gold had been used, and great taste is displayed in the central ornament, consisting of the sacred mono gram I. H.S. formed in diamonds on a bright circle of gold. Provision is made in the cross for the reception: of relics, and a patent gold hook and catch are attached. ? The ring is also a very hand some one. The crozier, cross,, and chain were the personal gifts . of . Mr. A. J. Madden, of Cook town. The insignia presented to Dr. Doyle are of the costliest, and. most beautiful descrip tion, Priora Brothers, of r: Park- street, being the artists. The crozier, which stands six -feet' high, is for the (; most part of gold, and in the design the emblems of Ireland, England, Scotland and Australia are harmoniously worked in 5 the shamrock representing ' brave and holy Ireland,'' the rose .'? merry England,' the thistle ' Bonnie- Scotland,, and the waratah ' the sunny land of the Southern Cross' — these floral emblems being executed in three different kinds of gold — green, red; and coloured gold. The crook is richly ornamental, and the staff is or solid ebony with gold ioints. A shamrock design in emeralds is the chief feature of the pectoral cross, which weighs over 2 ozs. of 18-carat.gold, and is four inches in length, and there are green; gold .leaves with rubies at each of the four, points of the cross. The principal ornamentation is what is known as 'gallery' border, and at the back a receptacle for relics with a moveable lid is introduced. The chain, of cable pattern weighs four and a half ounces of the- same quality gold, highly 'coloured* ' and is four feet in: length, ... A. description of; the splendid jewelled ring has already been given in our columns. The total cost of these beau tiful articles was about .£230. All the p-iffcg came from Lismore and tho surrounding parishes The crozier, ring, cross, and chain wore the 'iffo of the ladies of Lismore, and the Richmond ''and Tweed Rivers, and the crozier flio ^rrh --f ^ laity of the Richmond and Tweed l-Lvurs. 'l'h0 school children of Lismore under the nuns' care also made a present of the elegant lace rochet worn by Dr. Doyle. It should be mentioned that the Rev. Mother at' Lismore interested herself specially in the procuring-' of the presents, and no inconsiderable degree of the credit which attaches to the generous gifts is 1 due to her well directed and successful efforts. All the gifts, to gether: with several congratulatory addresses illuminated by Miss Coghlan,'of Lismore, were presented to Dr. Doyle at' St. Mary's, on the eve ' of his consecration, by Mr. C.; Dean, the secre tary of the testimonial committee, and who in connection with Mr. C. Coghlan, ^C:P;S.A had taken the chief part in the initiation and carry ing out of the movement. Three of the addresses were from the men, women, and children, of Lisinore and surrounding parishes, and a fourth from the Catholics of Armidale — Dr. Doyle's first parish in Australia. 