Darralume. A TALE OF THE LACHLAN BIVER. . (BY "HILDA.") "This is the placo; stand 8till my steed; Let me review tho scene ; . ?. . And summon from the shadowy past > Tho forms that here have beeu." -LOSQFELLOW. ' Throw à log on the fire, Dave ; and don't be looking so solemn. What's amiss?' The ' speaker/à stalwart young Queenslander, lay on the grass with his face turned up to the clear Australian'sky. On a log, opposite to their camp . tire, sat an elderly man, with a rugged, pleasing sunburnt face and honest bro wn eyes. They wer encamped on the banks of the Lachlan-Harr; "Wright and his righthand man, Dave Rea-ani were taking a drove of cattle to Queensland. 'Iwas thinking of old times, Mr. Harry, nigl \- five-and-thirty-years ago, when this was part o . the great Darralume property, and I was stock man on the head station. It belonged to th. "Browns;; and down the river there was "Wila which belonged to their mother's people, thi Joneses, and between the two lay the land the^ coveted, but never got, the splendid Leipoî property. There was wild blood in the Browns and many a story was told about them. The Jónései were another lot of daredevils, and like thi Browns were up to anything. But I knew i woman On this station tb do what the wildest : o ' them feared to do. By jove, it was a daring ? . thing, lad!' ! ': , v ' What was it, Dave ? I'm sure the story ; ii : worth hearing/ ' Good or bad, it's a true story ; but I'll have t< explain a few things before I get to it. You see things were done in those days which could hoi . be done nöwii, Mob3 of young cattie brought dowi from the mountains and branded to swell th< station herdsj and other practices by which ' mei grew rich in a short time. Tue Joneses were ii . everything the Browns were, and that sweep oi c country botween them, was a handy " no-man's ^ land," useful to them in many ways. Now, :il was a great take back to them to find out. thal the land had passed into the hands of Warrer. and CW of Sydney, who began to push things a head at once. Well, there was soon a-greal change in the place. A good dwellinghouse put up, men's huts, a store ; then came the manager, one of the company, a lot of servants and hand* of all sorts. Before twelve months the station was stocked with tirst-class cattle and improve ments and splendid sheep. Every thing was then left ia charge of the resident manager. He wag a nephew of Warren's ; a young English swell not long in the country, out for colonial experi ence. Poor fellow, he got it too !; The Browns found it bad enough to have the ; land gone, and it was worse to have a neighbor they could make nothing of, for he was very haughty ; and though he, was always friendly in a distant civil kind ;oi way, they did not seem to get any nearer to him, One evening I heard Mr. Tom Brown (he was the older of the two brothers who lived at Darralume) telling Mr. Jack that he had met Fortescue that day, and asked him to Darralume. ; ? j "He may bea great aristocrat," said he, "but he is young, and cannot have much experience."'; '"We'll try and supply him with some," said Jack, " if he gives us the chance." > I did not take much notice of what they said affîerwardûll'Pheard Mr.-Jack > say in an"excited way, " The very thing, Tom, if you could manage it." - ? " > ~ j.: 5 " Oh, she'll come fast-enough," said the other, " "if I send for her, and the game will just suit her/' " '.'1 thought no more about their talk till some -'" days after, when I heard tho trap ordered to take y Mr. Jack tb'the town to meet Miss Agatha. - She ; was their eldest brother's daughter. John Brown, . her father, - lived in great Btate in Sydney. 1 Miss Agatha and her father never agreed. Mr. Tom up " held her in everything she did. - She went with \- Mm to all the great race meetings, and had some splendid horses of her own. She was considered oné of the best riders in the colony, and was a " good shot and in every way a remarkable girl. Men raved about her. She had them at her beck and call by the dozen. 1 ' Was shè handsome," Dave ?' ' Well, Mr. Harry, handsome would be hardly the word-for her.' She was a'splendid-looking girl. Not one of your fair " women. Her skin was so dark and yet so clear that you could see the blood lying under it on her lips and cheek like-well, the color of that blood stone in your ring. She had big dark eyes, which sometimes looked soft and beautiful. But they would flash-and burn when she waa roused about anything.-. 1 could not give you any idea of-her face, figure, and style.. Those lines you read out of that little-book íást night would fit her.' ' L know, Dave, these : " One of those women women dread, men fatally adore." ' - '? 'Yes ! that's about what she was. It surprises me, Mr." Harry, that the Lord is not more parti cular about the sort of women he gives beauty to. If all the false.or wicked ones were made ugly one could steer clear of them.' ' Yes, Dave, if beautiful faces and forms only went with, beautiful minds, fewer men would be lost here and hereafter ; but go on.' 'Well, I Waa away for a few weeks, and the evening I came back I met Miss Agatha and a gentleman, riding along the river. She waa always''splendidly mounted, .and had the costliest riding turnouts. But I never saw her look such a picture as on this evening. Her face was a little flushed, and the hat and plumes she wore were the color of the bronze on a wild pigeon's wing. Her hair waa nearly the Bame color. The man at her aide was à dark, atylish-looking fellow, ; . with that thoroughbred look you only see where there's " good .blood. He had bia hand on her horse's. mane, and there was something in his face as he looked into hers that told me he was \- hard 'hit. - I "knew at once that he was Mr. Fortescue. - - . ' I knew,"too;rwhy Agatha had been sent for. \- v;. -Well, before v.ery-long it was an open secret * that ho was badly *gone> about.her, and-spent mosfc of his time at Darralumè. He waa sure to ride over at night if he was hot there during the day: The Browns drank deeply, and played deeply, and he got drawn into the swim, and lost heavily. Meanwhile someone was playing deeply with the company's cattle and sheep on Leipoa. Poor fellow, he was young, and was lured on till he was hopelessly ruined;- He had been pro¿ mised the girl ; but when they had fooled him to the top of his bent she jilted him, and Mr. Tom wrote to him breaking off the match. Fortes cue's; eyes were just being opened to the state; of affairs on-Leipoa, and;this letter was the last straw. He rode over like a madman to find that the lady had; started that morning for Sydney. The Joneses and Browns were together in the new house. He faced the lot; and word* ran high.- He threatened to expose1 them, and said they moved among gentlemen, and were no better than highwaymen. Mr. Tom taunted him with being in as deeply as the rest-said he had his price-as well as another, but that it was rather a high one (meaning the girl). Fortescue struck him ; and there was a scuffle. But Jones got him out of the room, and advised him to go home. No one knows what did happen ; but early next morning a servant going into one; of the unfurnished rooms at the other side of the house found Fortescue lying in a pool pf blood; shot through the right temple.' 'Horrible. Did the wretches get off; free, Dave?' ' 'Well, the verdict was suicide. It's hard to" say that it was anything else. He was ruined himself,.and his employers were robbed. Besides, ; he was one of those men who throw away ; their very souls on the women- they love. A pistol bf Mr. Jack's was found tightly clasped in the dead hand.. But pistols and rifles, mostly loaded, were kept on a shelf in this room ; and he knew that, and must just have, gone into it for one. ' Soon a great change came over Darralume. i One of ..the grooms coming home late one night fell in a fib inside the door of tbe hut.. When he was brought to, he said, and stuck to it, while he i lived, that he had seen Fortescue as plainly as ever he saw him in life. Before a fortnight i. several others had the same story. The.carpen , tere, who were putting some finishing touches to i the new house, moved out of it. They said they ¡ could get no rest there at night, that he was for ever walking to and fro in the room where bo , shot himself. ' About this - time Mr. Tom got ! married, and brought his wife to Darralume. He i threatened vengeance on any who spoke about i the ghost, and. thought to put the stories down , with a high hand. But ib was no use; some i fresh terror broke out as soon as things seemed a ? little quiet. Matters were made worse, too, by i Mrs. Tom having a fit one night. They never i said what brought it .on; but she refused to stay , on the station, and he took a house for her in the township,, and spent most of his time there too.' .-. One moonlight night he reached. Darralume ; late, and called me to go up to the house with him. i rAiterwe had çut.biB fiorss.in the stable, we went inside ; be took some brandy out of a cupboard . and drank half a tumbler of it. His band shook i till he could hardly hold the glass, and as he i handed me the bottle I saw that his face was i deadly pale, and big drops kept coming out on his 1 forehead/ Everyone on the station was in bed. i He told me to stay and sleep on the stretcher in < his room, saying that he was not well, and i had brought me for company. I had my own < opinion. ... i ' Things grew worse day by day, and Mr. Tom ' drank heavier than he used: . The new house 1 soon was shunned, and none of the hands would go into it after dark. : It was shut up altogether. The old dwelling-house was nearly half-a-mile : farther down?: othe hill, . and there was a < great- consultation on there about some i race for which Mr. Tom's horse, The Peer, was i entered. He was expected to take all before him j for, though a young horse, he had already won ; thousands,'and had not met his match yet in the colony. Miss Agatha was up from Sydney for the first time since Fortescue's death. She was : just wild about the new house being shut up, and about the ghost stories. The Joneses and her two uncles were in the room ; and she turned on the lot ; called them a pack of cowards. Asked did they want to ruin the property/and worked1 her self up till words ran pretty high. She said1 she had a good mind to go up and sleep in the new boase while she stayedl . I was in the room mending a whip of hers, but they used never to mind nae. Mr. Tom said he'd bet her J65Ö she would not stay ten minutes in it ; and one of the Joneses said he'd not sleep in it for ten fifties. ' "Bet me something worth while," she said. " See," pulling oat her watch, " it's a quarter past ll and I'll bet you Iris- against the best horse in your stables that I'll go up there now, and into that room, and stay there alone any time you name. More than that," said she, her eyes i Hashing like fire, " If Fortescue comes before me I'll ask him what brings him back. Surely, if his I spirit appears to those who try to avoid it, it will I appear to me who go there to meet it/ - ' " Agatha," said Jack, " you are-well-a splen did-devil-there ! I wonder you are not afraid to talk of him." ' - . . - . ? ' " I'm afraid of nothing--alive or dead," said she, defiantly. ??. Well," said Mr. Tom; "The Peer happens to i bethe best horse in my stables to- night." y I it" Why don't -you risk him ?"-said Ehe scorn fully, "if all you say is ttue, I risk something besides my favorite horse." * t. I " 'By heaven, TU humor you," said he, "and if you see nothing after your defiant bravado I'll Bay I nothing ever walked the etrth of a ghostly kind." ' Well, it was arranged that the whole party should go with her to the wire gate, which was half way. They were to stay there. Mr. Tom told me to go: to the gate near the house with her, and wait there, for her. Jack gave her a light rifle loaded in both barrels. Tue sign,that.she was ia the room was to be a shot through the window. After staying ten minâtes in the room she was to fire the second shot. " If yon heir it sooner," said she, "you will know that I have shot whoever is acting ghost." "When we ' came to the gate near the house she took the^rifle from me and went on alone. I heard , her unfasten the door, and go down the hall. Then her footsteps died away in the west rooms. Next I'hëard a window.' thrown open, and a shot rang ont on the night. ':r.could see a light in the window for à few minutes. Then all was still. It was a solemn thihgj lad, to think of her alone, at that hour, in thé¡ very room - where his blood still stained the white ,pine boards, almost defying his spirit tb meet ber. I never felt mortal terror but twice hi my life, and once was that night. Suddenly 'ä wüd strange scream burst out On "the darkness. It wasche startled scream of a night bird, but it froze: the blood in my veins till I heard it the second time, and knew what it was. It seemed to' me that she had been an hour there, when at last the second shot wa3 fired, and answered by a cheer from the party at the white gate. Then I heard her walking through the hall and down the path.' When she handed me the rifle she dropped a key. I struck a light and found it. As I handed it to' her the light fell on her face. It was like'the face of a corpse. Like the face of someone;who had died in pain. Her eyes looked too large for her face, and had an unsteady light in' them. ! She never spoke till we got near the'others. Then she called out, "I hope you'll hand over that horse with a'good grace !" ' '"' 1 '," By --, you have earned him," said ^ her uncle; throwing open'the gate. '." / ' v " * We were as near them as I am' to you when suddenly 'she stood still. fHer eyes seemed to burn'and quiver as she looked past them into the night. Then she threw upher hands and^ with a cry which stopped the beating of my heart,: she fell'forward on her face. They carried her home. But it was hours before they could bring her to. Mr. Tom would not have the servants called. The men sat there with white faces, afraid to ask each other what they thought. Men, to«, who would face any living thing without fear.' ' Did she own to seeing anything, Dave ?, ' 1 ' No. She said it was the excitement; after the long journey from Sydney. She offered to go back and sleep in the house next night if they liked;'' '-. ' Did she claim the horse ? ' ' Yes ; ¿he got him. But The Peer never won another race.' 'How was that, Dave?' : , ' Oh, it's a long story and a strange one. I'll tell you about it some other night.' About four years after I left Darralume a paper was sent me with ah account bf Tom Brown's death. He was found at the foot of a tree with his skull battered to pieces and a stick covered with blood and' hair against the tree. Some night I'll tell you why that murder never was traced, and why The Peer never won another race. I only started to teU you of a woman's daring ; and that's the story, lad ! ' * She was no woman, Dave, but what her uncle called her, " A beautiful devil,' who would "lure men to" death with her beautiful eyes, 'and J strangle their souls with her "hair.'' ' ' 