THE BLACK DIAMOND. TOLD BY A.N EX.DETECTIVE. (BUDGET.) CHAPTER 1.-THE BLACK DIAMOND. Of course I do not believe in ghosts ; but I once had to stay some time in a ' haunted house and this is how the matter came about. It was the be- ginning of December-not the usually cold, dull month, but a bright, cheery one, which made people look forward for a clear, merry Christmas, when I received a note from my chief order- ing me down to the office. I hurried down, and received the following instructions-vague enough in all reason, but they were all I could procure, and so had to be satisfied. Colonel Graham had lately returned from India, bringing with him a beauti- ful young wife whom he had married in Calcutta. All looked well for the colonel's happiness,He was a rich man; the owner of Owthwaite Hall and large estates. His career in India had been most honourable, and the lady whom he had married was young, beautiful, and apparently devoted to him. What more could a man want ? Nothing. But yet, in the midst of all this happiness a terrible spectre had arisen which had clouded all ; and that spectre I was expected to exorcise. For this purpose I Was sent down to Owthwaite Hall in my usual disguise -that of a visitor. I was received by Colonel Graham in his library, and he explained to me in rapid words the reason of my being called down to his place. ' Mr. Gerval,' he said, ' I will be plain with you. The jewels which I have lost are of great value. I am a rich man, and can bear the loss, but it is the way the things have been done, I have tried every means to discover the thief, but to no purpose.' ' Well, colonel, you must now let me have a chance,' I replied cheerfully, ' Tell me all the particulars, and I will see what I can do.' ' Yes, yes ; I know you will do your best ; but you will fail. I am sure of that before you begin, and so shall not blame you for it. You must know that during my residence in India I made a collection of some rare and beautiful jewels--not only jewels to wear, as would be usually done, but curiosities. These jewels I have always kept safely put away in an Indian cabinet, the lock of which, I believe, would defy the most experienced Lon- don burglar to pick, and yet night after night I am sure the safe has been tampered with; for within the last four months some dozen jewels have disappeared-jewels of considerable value too.' 'You have left the cabinet open at times ?' I asked. 'Never. Besides, the lock closes with an iron bolt and steel spring of its own accord when not held back.' 'Self-closing?' 'Certainly.' ' May I see this cabinet ? Of course you know that you must not tell even your wife who I am ?' ' Oh, certainly ! In these matters, as in military ones, secrecy is every- thing. Whilst here you will be re- ceived as my guest, and no one shall know that you are here to detect a robbery.' 'That is right, colonel; and now we understand each, other, let us go and view the safe.' The safe was a strange one-one of tho most beautiful pieces of Eastern workmanship I had ever seen. The whole thing, was bound with, steel ; and although it looked light enough to be easily lifted by one man, it was as heavy as a Birmingham iron one. The colonel drew forth from his pocket a most curious-looking article made of silver, and this appeared to be the key;for with it, in some mys- terious way which I could not exactly make out he undid the locks, the the bolts flew back, the door opened, and the interior of the safe was shown. and the locks made with that skill for which the Indians are so deservedly famous. Even my practised eyes could not detect how the colonel open- ed the cabinet, and therefore I freely admitted my admiration of the workmanship. ' That would give a good lesson to some of our safe-makers,' I said, laughing. ' I have no doubt such safes have given lessons to them,' sighed the colonel. ' Until now I thought no one in all the world could have opened it without knowing the secret springs and having the proper key ; but it ap- pears that I am mistaken. The jewels go-how, or who takes them, I cannot imagine.' By this time my eyes were fixed upon the contents of the casket both with wonder and admiration. The gems, mostly unset, were very, very beautiful, some of a kind that I had never seen before. Of course, there were pearls, diamonds, emeralds, rubies, cat's eyes-in fact, all kinds of wonderful and beautiful gems. But placed in the centre of these was one on a crystal pedestal, as it were-a stone I had never seen before. I do not know how to describe it. At first sight it appeared like a piece of dark coloured crystal ; but as the colonel turned the casket about, this peculiar gem shot forth flames of lurid light, which seemed to me almost ghastly and devilish. What do you call that stone ?' I demanded. ' Do you like it ?' inquired the colonel, with a laugh, and yet with a strange look in his face. 'Well, I can't say I do much,' I replied ' but it is very beautiful-- strangely so,' Ay, strangely so, indeed !' he said, as he took up the stone, which was set in a fine gold ring. ' The natives call that stone a black diamond.' ' A black diamond ! I never heard of such a thing before, And yet it does look black.' No, here in England we call our coals so; and truly they are more use- ful than these gems, and bring com- fort with them-certainly far more than this one, if the legend about it be true ; and I have good reason to believe that , there is something in it. But I will not believe it.' And as he spoke the colonel hastily closed the casket, replaced it, and securely fastened the safe, which ap- peared to have a hundred little springs about it. ' There !' he said, when all was com- pletely secure, and the key safely placed in his pocket, Now what is your opinion of the case ?' 'At present I cannot say. Whom do you suspect ?' ' No one.' ' Who knows about these jewels ?' ' No one but my wife. Of course she knows. But she even does not know the secret of the casket and safe being opened.' 'You mean that had she the key she could not open the safe?' ' Certainly not. But surely you do not think that she would come here and pry into my secret and rob me ?' 'Certainly not,' I replied, although I did not think what I said. 'Of course not-of course not,' he said, in hurried tones. 'These robberies have made her quite ill. I have sat by her side and talked the matter over for hours, and she urges me to find out the thieves. The poor girl has taken it quite to heart. But there goes the bell for dressing for dinner. I have no time to tell you the story of this precious stone, Sometimes I almost feel inclined to throw it away. But I will tell you another time. Now we must hurry away to dress.' Was I mistaken or not when I fancied that I heard a light footstep, like that of a woman, glide rapidly from the door ? I was not certain, and therefore hurried to the door, which it appeared the colonel had unwittingly left a little way ajar. I threw it wide open, but there was no one in the corridoor. Why ,what is the matter,Mr. Ger- val?' asked the colonel, in some sur- prise. all declare that this wing of the house is haunted, and there is some old legend to that effect. However, they all keep clear of the place, l can assure you ; and as I like to be quite in my study, I rather encourage them in the idea. Come, now, we must hurry to dress, or we shall be late for dinner. My wife or I will relate to you the story of the Black Diamond after din- ner.' ' Stay !' I said. ' Do not tell your wife who I am, or that I know any- thing about these jewels ; but if you can manage it, get her to relate the story of this precious stone to some one after dinner. I will be standing by, and will hear what is said. Do you agree ?' He looked very puzzled at first, and then said : ' Very well ; I suppose it must be so. But, at all events, We must not keep the dinner waiting, which we shall most certainty do unless we hurry. You know your room, and, I hope, will make yourself at home. Come, we must hurry.' With that the colonel bowed me out of the room, and I ascended the stairs to my room. As I did so, I met an old Hindoo woman, who cast a look of suspicion at me from out her bead-like eyes, but made me a low salaam as I passed into my dressing room. ' Could she have been listening at the door,' I thought, 'when the colonel was telling me the story? I do not know, but I will keep my eyes on this woman. She may know the secret, I will watch her closely.' 