A TRIP TO THE YILGARN HILLS. A SPECK OP GOLD. [BY BENGALEE.] Enuing, 16 th Doc, 1887 Our party are still busy prospecting; as ¡ yet we bare not found a nugget even as big os a common smoothing iron. Wo have done a great, deal of glaring at quartz, through magnifying glosses and other .ways, have dene a goodly amount of trenching for roofs, and have rent the" air with fragments of tho Yilgarn Hüls ; luckily with no accidents to tho denizens of the surrounding country. The only denizens of the Yilgarn Hills at present are Messrs. Ton Bibra, Oourthope and party, ourselves, and Mr. Timothy Shea, sole representative bf the Leake and Anstey syndjpate. The water here is just about done. It is about the consistency of weak pea soup, and will not last much lpnger. It is a great pity there is the very faintest ghost of a colour in a dish" of stuff from a reef we are trying. It was barely discernible with a magnifying glass. I glared at it for some time and pronounced it gold ; I then showed it to a man that knew. nothing about gold, he said.it was gold, and another member of our party said it was gold. After bearing this last decision I madly danced a saraband round our spring cart, and contrived to loso the speck; but three pair of eyes and one magnifying glase can testify to its existence. We will probably have to come in soon owing to the failure of tho water supply near the reet, and to register our claim, otc. Messrs. Daly, Dowd, Carrel and party carno back a day pr two ago from a trip to the eastward, but did not give us an encouraging report of the water supply in that direction. Our horses do not seem to appreciate the. luxuriant herbage about Enning, but horses bred on and used to this country do well en ongh. There appears to be any amount of. quartz reefs in all directions, and in all pro.; bability ocher , reefs as good aB the one al- ready found, will be discovered in time. But they will require a good deal of looking for, and the expenditure of both time and money. So that oven if nothing very startling is found, money will be put in circulation, and tbe eólony in general benefiited. * 