j-r ... ..-.rrFT"- „ -»r h. - The Rev. GlementJenifertiadinherited a ! property ! The lawyer's letter announcing J the fact lay before hiai, beBide the breakfast j which he had . forgotten in the thoaght pt , thisuttexp£ctedflgQod <fortoo8-:Ifc was not a j meagre breakfast.l alfchpugh Mxi Jenifer at five-and-torfcy, was" still ouly a curate on a j Btipead of £150 per annum, for through the ; greater, part of hie twenty years in bo\y orders ha had acted, on the principle that if- 1 he gave his time, to the poor it was as much as they could .expect. and" so, if they called j Parson Jenifer ' hard' and ' cloBe,' and pre-: ferred going to the Vicar, why, that was not ! his fault. ) Hie inheritance consisted in a good house ; and several hundreds a year, and: he. sat and ' thought over the difference this wonld make : in his future. No more for him the daily service, read as part of the day's work — no more visiting of thriftless, complaining, muddling poor, wirh whom he was com- ; pteiely onfc of touch— in a word, no more drudgery? Twenty years of' drudgery ! -That was . what his life amounted to. Not for him the spirit of love that softens and the hirh thoughts that sanctify daily tasks ; only the grudging gift of obligatory toil. It waB written on his face, in lines marked by twenty years — no, not quite twenty — he had thought differently at first — bnt by more ; than a dozen years of discontent and re pining. It was a pity, too, for the face was . one ox great possibilities, Clouded over br the . dullness of the heart that fails to see through , the service the Master who is served. j Even now he had no regret for the kind old friend who had left him a goodly share of his property ; no thought that the hand which had ever bee a ready to help him and many another was helpless now henceforth ; on spirit of gratitude for this last loving gift — only a selfish pleasure in his own good lack, and a feeliag of discontent that it had been so long in coming. And thus thinking he rose and went to see bia Viear to make arrangements for the visit to his lawyer, which must precede his taking possession of his new inheritance. He fonnd .no difficulty in obtaining leave of absence for the purpose. The Vicar was a kind and open-hearted, man, and pleased at hie curate's unexpected prosperity. ' Well, Jenifer, ' he said, ' I am very glad for you, though you can't appreciate it as much as if you had a wife and family de pending on yon. All the same, yon have my hearty congratulations.' Ah/ said .Mr. Jenifer, ' things generally come too late. Now, if this had happened whan I was ten years younger, what a differ ence it would have made to me I' ' But your friend's life was a very valuable one to many, was it not?' said the Vicar. ' Frm all I have heard of him, I should think that even now there will be plenty of people to say that the end has come ten years too soon, rather than too late.' ' Why, he was nearly ninety !' said Jenifer, as if the fact were rather a reproach to the old man. Then he hastened away to make his preparations for leaving. The Vicar's wife came in as the curate went out. She found her husband gazing rather sadly into the dull street. 1 Mary, my dear/ he said, ' it is my belief that after the miracles of the loaves and fishes there were some among the 5.000 who complained that the bread was stale and the fish not so fresh as it might have been/ t e Meanwhile Clement Jenifer was speeding on to London to see his lawyer. He found there was one condition which hem net fulfil before he oould call himself master of honse and income. Mr. ' Dacre had only willed Waterdell Hall to him under the proviso that he should pass one night in the house entirely alone. Mr. Jenifer laughed when this clause was read to him. 1 That's not a very hard thing to do/ said he. 1 But was Mr. Dacre 'a brain softening when he made his will ?' ' Not at all,' answered the lawyer, shortly. Anyone who saw Mr. Dacre in his last hours will tell you that the dear old man's mind was as clear to the end as in his best days. When you go to Waterdell, you will not please your poor neighbours there if you suggest to them chat the man who was so universally beloved and revered was cw. I have no doubt this letter, which he instructed me to deliver to you personally, will explain the matter.' This was, however, not the case. The note was but a short one, and gave no reason for the testator's wish, except tiiat he had in herited Waterdell Hali under the same stipulation, that he had ever been thankfal for having carried it out, and hoped that, though his friend Olement Jenifer was older &n;&u; he himself had been when he came into the prooerty ' for,' he wrote, with a touch of his ordinary humour, _ 1 1 have been, like Charles II., an nnconscionable time a-dying'), yet that .a solitary night passed ia hie future home would prove as great a biesbing to him as it had been to the writer, and so, without further explanation, eigued himself his affectionate friend, Thomas Dacre. Tnat was all. Clement Jenifer never liked being made ridiculous, and he thought that this will went vety near that possibility. Yet he could not lose his inheritance for fear of being absurd, so, after certain business instructions from the lawyer, he went to his hotel for that night, and next morning started for Waterdell. He put up at a little inn in the nearest market town before pro ceeding to his destination, where, the lawyer had informed him, he would find all things in readiness to receive him for his lonely vigil, if vigil it was to be. The inn was full of the farmers of the neighbourhood come in to the market, and, after much discourse on grain and turnips, the conversation, Mr. Jenifer found — he being, of course unknown — turned on the death of Mr. Da-ire. 'They do say/ said one red -faced, grey- whiskered man of substantial appearance — they do say that the ghost has began to waik Again since the Squire's death.' ' What ghost?' asked a younger man with an incredulous . laugh, ' I never heard of a ghost at Waterdell ' ' No, yoa mayn't/ said the first man ; 1 but I've heard tell from my father, times upon times, that before Squire Dacre come here there wdra a power of queer things seen and heard at Waterdell ; and they say that since "he's dead 'they become back.' 'They say; who says?' asked a thin, wea«el- faced farmer. 'Well, my man Marvel for one ; he went Across by the spinney last night, where he hat been almost every evening these thirty year and he swears that he saw someone walking np and down the long path, and heard some a wf al noises ' Ah 1' said the thin man, with a grunt, « lfarvel alws were ajiw ' Liar or no liar/ said the fat farmer rather ffgriff, w b ptaft fetoi'K sixty eafsHago5 often: add oftenbe bastoli me <j£it ; nod I believe, the ©Id Squire koe w of it too, for he never'- laughed or: scoffed as some fools dofwith Significant sniff) whe n folk talked of 'ghosts/ - > i >: And soothe talk .drifted on to other mat- ters, and - Mr. J enifer was : left to / conte m- .plate another element of absurdity, iotro- duoed into bis -well arranged commonplace existence; and felt quiteangryat the thonght that he of > all ifien should, by the irony iof fate, be brought into a ghost story- But as : he had never . had believed in ghosts, he did i not mean to begin now ; and after inquiring | his way to. Waterdell Hall he found that ! he must start at once if he wished to | reach there before nightfall. It was a | somewhat; dull walk, which led him at last along a 'narrow road ending in an abrupt desGsnt. The high hedges on either side bad lost their . summer' beauty without yet gaining the glory of autumn ; the few rose- berries were sickly looking and withered and fosted with a whitish blight, and tbeir leave hung shivering on the twigs, while in the fields beyond the evening mists were already rising. The road turned sharply to the rig-it, and then Waterdell Hall lay before its future owner. T-> a cheerful eye it might have seemed nesfcli.ig in a bower of greene y ; but Jenifer, out o tune with things in general and tired with his walk, saw .in its withdrawal from the high road a . guilty seclusion from observation Four tall Wellingtonias rose ; dark and solemn above the little wicket gate and cast a gloom over tbe garden patch, in which some late geraniums and petunias only served by their touches of brilliant colour . to. accentuate the general melancholy. The i honse itself, instead of boldly looking forth : on the passers-by, turned its face away from > the road, and had no prospect but the little : bit of garded and the four sentinel trees The door stood open and Mr. Jenifer entered a narrow passage where no welcoming footsteps came to meet his own, only a Virginian creeper, torn by the wind, tapped on the porch; otherwise all was still. Mr. Jenifer looked around him for a moment and then went through tbe silent house to tbe chief sittingroom. It was neither large nor high, bat it had that individual charm which j only age and years of occupation can give. The old-fashioned rnautel reached, with its dark, rich carvings, to tb© I ceiling, across which was a massive ! oaken beam, nearly black with age. The fire-place, with its glaring logs, gave out a cheerful glimmer, reflected in the small \- quarries of the window opposite, over, which . hung a carved scroll, whose inscription there was not light enough to read. Mr. Jenifer breathed a sigh of relief at the comfortable appearance here, In contrast to the depressing aspect of the rest of the house ; but inBtead of settling himself (as he felt tempted to do) by the fire, he again went out to look over the surrounding property. Behind, the ground rose abruptly, and was bounded by a closely growing coppice, through which a narrow path seemed to strike In the direction of the village. The parson climbed the bill, leaving the coppice on his left, and standing on the highest portion of the meadow, looked across the. low hedge at the last pageant of the sun set. Some elm trees were silhouetted against the sky, athwart which lay bars of rosy flame, tender, and evanescent. One moment the dying light leaped np brighter and throbbed through all the burning heaven, and then suddenly it died away, and the day done. Jenifer turned and- looked at the hall. Already it seemed to be losing itself in the darkness which gathered around it, hiding in the recesseB of the gables, drawing curtains of mist over the twisted chimneys. The silence, entire and absolute,, struck almost with oppression on the mind of this man accustomed to city noises ; but even as he thonght to himself, ' How still it all is,' there sonnded in the coppice close behind him a long,, sobbing, moaning cry, which rose and fell, and rose again, and then ceased. Olement Jenifer was not a particularly tender-hearted or compassionate man, but that sadden cry filled him with a vague fear of some cruel deed just perpetrated — some awful mystery to be brought to light ; and after a moment's hesitation he turned in the direction whence it had seemed to come, and found himself on a long path, with a thick yew hedge on either side. Far ahead, in the dim twilight, he could descry a figure waik'ng slowly away from him ; he could hear a moaning sound, as of some one in pain. Mr Jenifer hastened his pace in order to come np with the (-offerer. and as he gained on him aad could see him more dis tinctly, it seemed to him that there was gome- thing familiar 111 tbe gait &ud; bearing of the unknown, And as he thonght so the figure turned, and facing bim, advanced with slow, uncertain footsteps, wringing his hands as he came. What Was it that struck Mr. Jenifer as eo well known to him ? What ; was it that filled him wirh sadden horror, and ?nt the blood back to his heart ? All the ttdes of ghos's and haunting noiaes at which he had scoffed so lately recurred to his mind, and yet there was nothing unearthly in the aspect of any man who was approach ing bim. And now they two stood face to I face, and Clement Jenifer saw that this — be knew not what to call it — bore the face which he himself bad borne twenty years ago, and he knew — though how he could not tell — that he was standing face to face with the ghost of his own dead past. Then ensued a conversation — strange, un natural — between these two, who still were one ; but whether the words were ottered on the evening air or whether the knowledge of what was in the mind of each was mutual to both, it were hard to say. ' Why do I haunt you !' said this double of himself, gazing on him with reproachful eyes ' Do not murdered victims haunt their slayers, and have not you murdered that w uch was the best part of me ? Where are the promises of your young days ? Where are h ; aspirations, the desires after a higher life, < ne noble purpose with which my soul was filled ? Dead — dead and buried beneath a crust of selfishness ?' Youthful follies/ answered Jenifer ; 'gone the way of all Bach early fancies. Why do yon persecute me? Have I stolen, or mnrdered, or lived uncleanly? Have I not kept to my work and done it thoroughly, dis tasteful, as it is V I' is true/ said the other, ' the command ments you have not broken ; but where are the hearts yen have helped to bind up ? How many have yon helped by your example? Rather, have yon not by daily carelessness, by dryness of spirit; by perfunctory per. for man ce of your duty, quenched the light that was, aye, God knows it was, in me ? And in doing so yon have wounded many another. There are sinners who slay the body, but. you have slain yonr own sonl ; and wob be to him of whom this can be said.' Jenifer laughed in scorn. ' When I was what you are all this would had its terrors for me ; now I am not to be " frightened with false fire." I know what you ate, who think to scare me thus— an IfUmioo of tiit brain, disturbance in tbe uervcSi ay Steffi- and "i,a wiu mmhmb Mkn? - . " But tfae other with the Had and youthful eyes looked at. fadm in eorrow, and said : . 'Even in your blindnesB yoa speak the,' truth : for wheii yoa were as 1 ere the world had dimmed yonr sight, you would have seen tlie precipice on, which you stond; Oh, brother of me. though how degraded 1 give up 'yoke dreams of a selfish future ; turn back while yet yon may ; use the wealth that has pome to ydu, not for yourself only, but for d there. Redeem tbe time that is left to you," and bring to a ; happier second life tbe promises, the- aspirations of your youth/ - ' . ' Begone l' Said Jenifer. . ' If not an lllusi in, then you are an accomplice in some con spiracy to betray me into a rash vow. Did you and the old man who is in his grave plan it between you, aufi laugh to think how yon woul d ScarS " your f oolis |i dupe ? Away from me ! and do not hope to work .yw will. 1 have inherited,. and I will hn joy f ' Nay, then,' said His double, ee® what an endyour enjoyment shall bring you- I, -"bom you have destroyed, apa what you were ; see now what you shall be.' Then "for "one awful moment the parson knew that not only he himself stood there with the spirit of his once pure and earnest- hearted youth beside him, but a third and dreadful shape— -himself as he Bhpuld be, it no hand of grace stayed faiB downward course. The lightning flash of awakened perception showed him his' own old age, where that which he had called economy had grown to avarice, where callousness had become cruelty \--discontent, envy — carelessness, impiety. He saw himself, degraded, mean, despicable, bad, without affecfcionB, without tenderness, without hope, and as the horror of it swept over hi in with resistless force, Clement Jenifer — the icy crust of years of life, for self- broken at last— fell upon his face, with the agonised cry of the Apostle of old, ' Who shall deliver me from the body of this dep-th ?' When he came to himself he was in the qnaint old . sitdngroom in his new home. The fire had burned low and only dimly illuminated the room, but as he gazed into the glowing embers a hitherto unkind led log broke ieto flame, and as it leaped and flickered the scroll which he had before re marked and failed to decipher caught and threw back the yellow light, and Mr. Jenifer red in letters of gold the poet's words: NOr deem the Irrevocable past Ae.wholly wasted, wholly vain. If, riMng on Its wrecks, at last \- to something nobler we attain. He Bank on his knesB, and there in contri tion of spirit and anguish of soul dedicated ' an6w to his Maker the years that should be granted to him, the wealth that he had in-: herited— himself, body, sonl and spirit, lor evermore- People said afterwards that prosperity had been good for Mr. Jenifer ; that it had. made him softer, more compassionate, more tender. He alone knew that the vision he had seen bad come only just in time to save bim from that utter ruin of soul to which be was tend ing ; and when he thought, as many a time he did, of that awfni night, he bowed his head in contrite bumilty, and gave thanks for tbe warning that had been sent him. — Temple Bar/ 