NEEDLES = Short, Sharp, Shiny. Cricket. Garner's Rooms. Russian intrigue. Wattle planting. "Cycling Notes." Mr. G. Chaffey back. The Irish party frantic. A coup in Bulgaria expected. Turcomans revolting at Herat. Affairs critical in Afghanistan. Coursing at Hindmarsh Island. A kind act of Lord Carrington's. Dillon threatens to lead a rebellion. The desert shall bloom with wattles. Large crowd at the Rotunda last night. South-east Fifteen v. Norwoods to-day. New Era purchase is probably completed. An election turnip card—eh, Mr. Symon? Are working men's clubs little Monte Carlos? Chief Justice of Western Australia in Ade- laide. The south-eastern cricketers have come to town. Russia working up the Afghan trouble again. Victorian cadets to be sent to shoot English cadets. Tintinarra water to be tested for locomotives today. Mr. Symon has got over the south-east mail difficulty. Actually going to have an entertainment in Adelaide. Experts to examine the debris of the Rundle- street fire. ''Decorum" asks a question about working men's clubs. There is a prisoner in Darlinghurst Gaol 101 years of age. Henry Kendall was rough on the New South Wales M.P.'s. Wouldn't we sell the whole of the desert at half the price? McKenzie, the inspector, blamed for the Bulli explosion. Lord Carrington going to visit the bereaved families at Bulli. General Boulanger is not flattered by the Pall Mall Gazette. The Queen wants all her olive branches around her in June. Lancaster, who shot King, got off with three months. Hear, hear. Bank of Australasia declared dividend 12½ per cent. and bonus 10s. Victorians agree to play the intercolonial in Adelaide in November next. Thwarted in Bulgaria, Russia is again turn- ing her attention to the Ameer. Government going to plant 2,000 acres of wattles in the middle of the desert. Lieutenant-Colonel Lovely calling out his men for the "Easter manœuvres." Sir John Macdonald in Canada is called "Old To-morrow" by the Indians. If Irish juries won't convict criminals then the cases must be removed elsewhere. A company in England prepared to give 10s. an acre for 30,000 acres of the desert. The Broken Hill Proprietary are going to float block 14 as a separate company. Poor Ireland—what with rack-renters, agi- tators, and coercion she is to be pitied. The Czar must be up to some mischief to preoccupy the minds of his own rebels. Two or three months before men can be em- ployed on the Bookmark irrigation works. The Conservatives Bill dealing with Ireland approved by the majority of the London press. The Advertiser is ready to receive subscrip- tions for the unfortunate sufferers by the Bulli disaster. Why should the names of accused solicitors be suppressed any more than accused pick- pockets? In Burton-on-Trent the quantity of beer annually produced is equivalent to about 600,000 tons weight. A history of the Royal Dragoons from 1661 to 1887 is being compiled by General De Ainslie, colonel of the regiment. Suppose the land faddists would object to selling the desert even. Like to look at it and keep it as a huge rabbit warren. Hon. F. Strutt, son of Lady Belper, after lying insensible for over four months from an accident, has recovered consciousness. The largest vineyard in the world is said to be at Monroe Villa, Los Angeles county. It has between 3,000,000 and 4,000,000 vines. Oliver Wendell Holmes's most recent book, "A Mortal Antipathy—First Opening of the New Portfolio," is being published at the price of 1s. A new use for the tobacco plant is said to have been discovered. Its stem and waste, it is claimed, are equal to linen rags in the manu- facture of paper. A ghost which had kept th« villagers of Roasett, Chester, in a state of alarm, was cap- tured by a dop, and turned out to be a man dressed in white. Munkacsy's great picture, "Christ before Pilate," has been sold for £20,000 to John Wanamaker, the Philadelphian millionaire, and will remain in the United States. It is said that there are 4,400,000 Jews in Europe, 300,000 in Asia, 35,000 in Africa, and 250.000 in America. The total Jewish popula- tion of the world is estimated at 6,300,000. The wool clip of England, Ireland, and Scot- land in 1886 was over 21,000,000 lb.; and 11,800,000 lb. were shipped to the United States, largely composed of Irish combing wool. The cost of this year's Easter encampment in New South Wales will be £17,000. Last year's encampment, when a greater number of men were uuder training, cost the Government £18,000. Lieutenant R. Smith, the representative of the New South Wales Commission for the Ade- laide Exhibition, is at present engaged in can- vassing for exhibits in the northern districts of the colony. It has been predicted that the popularity in which celluloid is held will one day get a set back, by a serious explosion in some store or private dwelling in which there is a quantity of the stuff. The American Cardinal Gibbon is engaged upon a work dealing with the various labor problems of the time. A large part of the volume will be devoted to a defence of private property in land. A new food for cattle has been patented in Germany, and shows to what lengths food re- form may ultimately extend. It is said to con- sist of wood sawdust mixed with certain chemi- cals and "other matter." By order of the vicar, the skeleton of a Roman lady found at Plumstead has been buried in the churchyard. The coffin, which was a great curiosity, has also been interred, to the regret of Kent archaeologists. Messrs. Speight and Greene, Victorian Rail- way Commissioners, had a narrow escape from a railway collision about a fortnight ago near the Flinders-street railway-station, Mel- bourne. The facts have only recently leaked out. A minister in Pennsylvania, detecting the odor of intoxicating drinks in a bridegroom's breath, stopped when halfway through the marriage service, saying that he had resolved never to marry a man any way under the in- fluence of liquor. A young man was stabbed to death in the streets of Manchester by members of a rival gang of desperadoes known as "Scuttlers." Members of the "High Rip Gang," a band of ruffians, pillaged several shops in Liverpool, and stabbed those who offered resistance. Four men are in custody. The Goethe Society at Weimer has just pub- lished Goethe's Italian diaries and letters to Frau von Stein and Herder, with an introduc- tion by Dr. Erich Schmidt. The latter is shortly going to Berlin as successor to the late Professor Scherer in the chair of German lite- rature in the university there. A young lady of good family has just married, by proxy, an anarchist lying under sentence of death in America. As the authorities would not permit such a ceremony to take place, the culprit prepared a written document deputing his brother to act in his stead, the proxy bridegroom giving the responses in the name of his imprisoned brother. Yet another event is on the tapis. Mr. Parnell's resignation of the Irish leadership is a very practical question at the present moment, and the Irish members are all agog as to the best man to fill the vacant place. There are three in the running-—Dillon, Healy, and Sexton. Opinion in the Lobby inclines towards Mr. Healy's election. The most costly watercolor in the world is illustrated in the British Architect. The work in question measures 10½ inches by 14½ inches, and is valued at over £1,800, or nearly £1 for every year of the Christian era. This water- color, by Meissonier, illustrates a horse soldier on outpost duty, and has been sketched in pen and ink for the first time by T. Raffles Davison. 