CONVENT OF MEEOY, MOUNT GAMBIEfv. PROFESSION Off A SISTER. A large number of visitors assembled in the above Convent on last Friday to witness the very imposing ceremony of a novice making her religious profession. As this ceremony was the first of the kind that has taken place in Mount Gambier it had for many of our resi d8nts a particular attraction. His Grace Archbishop Reynolds was expected to perform the ceremony, but iu consequence of his visit to Melbourne and pressing duties in the city he could not attend, ana appointed Dean Ryan to officiate in his place. During the ceremony the Dean was assisted by the Rev, T, Hourigan. The young lady who made her profession on Friday wa« admitted to reception some two years ago, when she received the white veil from the Archbishop in St, Paul's Church, She is the daughter of Mr, M, Byrue, of Mount Gambier, and bears in religion the name of Sister Mary de Sales Byrue, The ceremony commenced at 9 o'clock with the blessing of the veil and ring, after whioh Dean Ryan gave a short address upon the religious life, and the vows about to be taken by the novice. He showed how in the religious life by means of the three vows-poverty, chastity, and obedience-we offer ourselves entirely and unreservedly unto God, We render unto God all that we have and all that we are, By the vow of poverty we renounce all worldly goods j by chastity, deservedly called the angelic virtue, we immolate our bodies; and by obedience we sacrifice our wills. Thus, then entirely body and soul, with all that we have and are, we dedicate to God, It will not be exceeding difficult to reach His high standard of religious duty, to fulfil the evangeioal counsels, if we imitate our divine model Jesus Christ, and if we generously co. operate with His grace which is ever ready : and willing to bestow upon those who pray for . it. Have confidence, therefore, in the bound leas mercy of God who calls you as He called Samuel of old, Present yourself before Him . this day and say-" Behold me, 0 Lord, because thou hast called me," ! The novice then presents herself at tha nh.or I and requests to be admitted to the Holy Pro 1 feasion. The Dean a3ka-~"Do you consider yourself auffioiently inatruoted in all that regards the vows of reljgion and the rules and constitutions of this Institute j and do you know the obligations you contraot by the Holy Frofaaaion ?" when the novice replied in the affirmative. Dean Ryan said-"May God grant you perseverance in your holy resolu tion, and may Jtie deign in Hia mercy to con aummate what He has begun. In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghoat. Amen." The noviea withdraws, and Dean Ryan offers the holy sacrifice of the Mass. At the communion) before the bleaaed sacra ment, the novioe makes her solemn profession. After Mafls the newly profeaaed aiater is con. ducted to the altar to be olothed with the black veil, The celebrant saya, giving the veil-" .Re. ceive the holy veil, the emblem of ohaatity and modesty, whloh raayeat thou carry before the judgment seat of our Lord Jesus Ohvist, thou m»yest trove eternal life, aa<J wy*i for ever and ever. Amen," Then, giving the ring he says, .. May Jeaua Christ, Son of the livmi? Goa, who has now espoused thee, protect thee'from all danger. Receive, then, tne ring of faith, the seal of the Holy Ghost, that thou mayeat be called the aponae of Christ; and if thou art faithful, be crowned with him for ever and ever. In the name of the Father and of the Son and of_ the Holy Ghost, Amen," The Bolernn blessing is then pronounced accord ing to the Eitual, and whilst the Te £>eum is being chanted the newly professed con tinues prostrate before the altar. After some time spent in prayer, the Mother Assistant directs her to rise, and conducts her to the Mother Superior, who warmly embraces her} she then proceeds in turn to embrace the other sisters, In the meantime the psalra " Eceg quam bonum," etc,, is Bunf?, and the rioters retire in procession. After the ceremony the visitors were hospitably entertained by the Sisters of Meroy, 