VISITS TO THE STABLES- .Br VStbiujujc." No. 3.— Hr. J. G. Duffett.— Caulfield. \ larroRS by road or ruj to uu? preuy euwHc of tlic Victoos Amateur Turf Club al Caulfield etui hardly fail to notice the neat and commodious vills aud extcii- aivo "range" of stdiling whicli surmount Tnc ctiunence on tlie railway siae 01 uic oad, at tlie north- western corner of the course, and on inqubyleam that tlieyare tbe propertyof the gentleman who faces under the nem dc course of J. G. Reid, HT.rte i»p bas sent fortli Nancy, liar v.-i-iiur.u'- whih' t- i-ifiy. | llini the publliui. he I: -:'"J -i' ' ecn'ing him iu good 6tead here. Equally creditable to hia constructive ability, and demonstrative of his thorough acquaint ance with the requirements of a modem dwelling house, as well as ot those of a complete training establishment, arc the resideucc and tallies of which he ».raa his oivn architect The hou3c, a oiicstoricd villa, is built of concretcobtained from tlic land on which it is built, isloft', airy, and ventilated, roofed with slate, and is warm iu winter and- cool iu summer. Tlic stables are of weatherboard, with -double walls, the space between which is filled up with non-conducting material; they .ire roofed with iron. A good loft affording lots of room -fur storage stretches righL .across tliein, thr'iugii which ventilatiou is provided for each box, the heated air es caping tliruugU tlie roof. The boxes are twelve iu number, six 011 each side of a wide passage, two being fourteen feet by twelve, the others twelve by twelve, saslics in tlicir outer sides giving plenty of h'ght for the nniiiuds and their attcrifiants. Tlie floors of the boxes and of the passages are jof asphalt, and every -provision is made to ensuiv i>eifect drainage. All the boxes arc provided with sliding doors, and heavy sliding uoors IllLfcH rl vlll/i'UlIwL illlu CArt iUi lA'laxa or veliiclea at either eml of tlie stable.- At the rrestern enil of the stable arc the focd roo'.n, saddle ruoiu aud hoys' room, aud outside 13 a most capacious under- gruuud tank, wlrich the waterslicd of hnuserirnd-.stahle .koejw rilenrshcd with a qopios attjqrij/drif.'rtiu- - water. ' ; A good yrud, a-Ith mi outer stable for carriage horsra. hacks.or animals having a Ri>ell"lc 'fhcilittlc- grass xraddocks at tlie hack of tire premises is at tlic eastern end of the stable, aud from tliis a gate opens on tlic road next the. course. AY lien I arrived on my visit of inspec tion the proprietor rvas temporarily absent, but 1 found his Head man, J. Wilson, one e a five-stone boy in my oil 'II employ, but now a strapping twelrc- stuiiiier, six 'feet one in height, in charge. After a chat- about old times, and the days when he used to ride Euclid, Nobility, Monarque, Zephyr, Bertie. Zig Zag, aud many othcra in their work for me, he led tlic way to the boxes, and the first one divested of her rugs for my inspection w»3 the two-year-old Kitty Fislier, by Robinson Crusoe from tlie imported mare Lady Spec, by Speculum. A very sweet filly is tliis rich dark hay, and a nice con fident expression, horn of good treatment and good temper, has lier game head with its little star ; her neck, the index of con stitution, is muscular, slightly crested and firm,' and her deep dean shoulders have, lois of liberty, with tliat deep clean run behind tiic ami which speaks of good action ; her back is short and strong, and her quarters have the Fisherman droop ; but she is well let down, and is full of lite aud condition, and should grow into a nice mare. Tlic next one shown me was a full sister to Tlic Marchiuue.s and Mrs. .1 alley, in Empress, l>y The Diver from Sally Brass. This is a plain, hut useful-looking brown mare, of the Ferryman type. She lias a good sensible head and deep shoulders, and nice arms, but is a hit ridgy, and light over the loin, and has the high Fisherman croup, drooping thence to tiie setting on of the tail, with lengthy, galloping- looking quarters, bat a bit angular all through. I next had a look at Gadfly, by Lipidist from Midge, by Castle Hill, and this threc-ycar-old, though not one of the big sort, is a rarely turned one. A bright bhy in colour, her game, saucy-looting head has a blaze of white, and as she -notes a lit villi" cr her cars are laid hack oil lier strong crested r.cck, and the hind leg is lifted ; lier shoulders are strong and muscular, she Iras a good barrel, and her . loin i3 level and power ful, while her quarters are very even and lengthy,, with great gaskins arid good hocks, while her off-lianft foot is white. This filly is a little big one, and should stay, or looks go for nothing. Another two- year-old occupied the next box— Golden Fleece, a half-sister to Paul and Peter, being by Guinea from Phoebe. She follows her sire in her color, being a rich chesuut, and has a long bold bead marked with a broad star, and long oarrowatrip, ,»rdl earriodon a strong «ras- ted node, em&alofwbbuldcra;, trail; up at Uic wither, a RKtgd bant), but looks a bit shAotr ra the track- ribs, but her loin isa bit acchodi. and irerquartess nicely rounded, while'. Iter jiochr sue srear tlic ground and well under her— a very useful looking filly tliat tsmbwill scrrc. The well-known Boiling Water, The Ghost, by Hamlet from Mystery, < was the next one stripped, mid this yery plaid;, eour-hcadcd, angular,; cwe-nockgd, aiack - loincil, deep-shouldered, great -quartered animal, though differing in' 'color,; reminded rnc greatly of Horizon, arid were ho schooled over big timber, 1 feel confident he would' pay Iris jv ny even'j better tlian belios yet done. AVliat could j h -it 0" ; I. n ; after the hist, telrce was „ . . ; o-s.. 7 ; ;;oi . r em one boilf j use .'.iiu- iio.'r., rid juniv. anytliiir.'. 4 A : op; Keqoiuwtanu,! . otisujiialistbc 1 nun I'.A, in ' Jiy T-ni., Kbsgivftvm gsSdhqi', | d- ".v. i";, 'j'oorJ, "iii.dieai. viet-ry j 1 .( t !-e Houtuibovcd i.y tui'iih.-s. j al.a'i'_ if . b.'.-y. ii'liei.oe tie o'vi been! 1 "n; -.in back'' .'uVv v.iiMiA' fry Pi earn , 'in'.' f .. ihe Turf. Yew m-h tie >d ' j ifc-.o,' looks, iii-.' lib, 1 iij j!i ! eyi 1m I 'oiin,-' le-ikihg bead si ; . i ' .;,r f-i;. c ... i scstution is uniiiqiaired, us does lire uuy he is putting on mirsele, so I should not be surprised to seo the- ancient one score another , winning Irraeket, though his old pilot Wilson would have a bit of trouble to scale the fist, he rode liim at some six years ago. ' . Grace Darling was "now shown me, but this great ruarc is ;iiow but tlio mere sliadoiv qf what she was trlrcnalrc won the Caulfield Cup aud ought to hare won the Melbourne Cup. . Her eye is big, bold, and bright ; and her great angular frame looks as powerful as ever. But the rare muscular development she then showed is gone, arid she looks lean aud light, while her skin seems set and bou. d. Of course she is only just taken up after a spell, but to get a horse" weil for a big stake time' is essential, and a task .is before hcr.tmincr. Very different is the condition ot Marlboro', a very beautiful dark brown two-year-ohl colt bv Robinson Crusoe from Dagmar, the dam of " The- Czar. " II hat a flier his mother was at his age, although I saw her and Barbcdle both go down before that wonderful galloping machine, Loup Garou'; but udiat couldn't lie gallop, over? But to return to. my subject, This colt.tlioiighnot a big one, is . very oveu. He lias a nice, sensible -head well set oil to a strong neck. His shoulders are low, but muscular and well placed, aud Iris brisket is deep. He lias a rare TOtmd barrel hooped like a cask, a short Btrong back, and Uigli quarters very, Jong and Jewel to the setting ion of -tire tail. He ft well let -Jk«iii,jui4fr jftrtimfoifr'gjdeaflfg above "tire Irook. His timber is fair, and each of his feet has ruore or- less wliite.- This edit — if looks go for auytlung— should ripen into a racehorse. The next one visited was a cliesnut yearling, by Grandmaster from Ban moss, who once ran up in a Maribvmoiig Plate. His mother was then a little one ; not so her soil, wlro lias Wen christened " Toast- master." He's a real big 'on. He has a big, sensible head, adorned with a broad white bkuavwcll put on to a strong, deep neck. His shoulders are deep and clean, ' lie stands over a lot of ground, and lias great lengthy quarters, and seems to have good legs and feet. A colt that may need a lot of lime, but should pay for its re ception, for he lias great anus and deep stifles. The last one visited was Litliologist, by LajMclist from Daplme, and this two- year-old brown cult seems built on bigger lines than luoet of his sir es' progeny. His head is plain, nnd broad between the eyes, and quiet aud sensible iu expression ; he is very gnod in frontrand has a rare good barrel, with lots of power over the loin, and very wwevful lengthy quarters, with great gaskins ; he has good legs, and tire off hind foot is white. He looks, and 1 believe is, a Lazy customer, and may not be a boy's horse, but that he will race I have little doubt. The well-known horseman J. Williams now appeared on the scene, and brought in old Jack the pony, so long driven by Mr. Hany Haines, liis old employer. The old fellow, who lias seen fivc-and- tweuty years, is one of the low lengthy sort now liard to find ; looks as gay as a two-year- old. A glance at the nicely kept quarters of the bovs, and the well- filled bins in tlie feed room ; and just as I was about to travel in came the pro prietor of the establishment and Mr J. D. Robertson. Both seemed pleased at tlic meeting, aud the latter gave ma an in vitation to visit Kingston, an account of which I l.ope ere long to give the readers of The tt port-man. On Sunday, 19th of June, Sir. William Luck, of Vermont and Danbury Park, was cither the victim of a diabolical out rage or a most unfortunate accident. Mr. Luck inclines to the former opinion, and circumstances bear out the idea. On the day'in question (writes a Northern Thsinanian contemporary) news was brought liim tluit one of his thoroughbred inarps, Saicy Kate, a daughter of the weU known Yorkshire Kate, and lralf brother- to tbe once, well-known hurdle- racer Cerrus, and in fool to Larpent, bad been found in Danbury Park bush with her liam-stiings cut through. Sir. Luck at once visited the marc, and sure enough it was so. The cut had allure appear ance of having been done intentionally, the tendons being cleanly severed as if with a knife, while there was an absence of other indications, Such as Cuts or bruises, elsewhere to sustain the idea that the injury was caused by accident, Mr. Luck intends to offer a substantial reward for tlio discovery of the supposed perpetrators, and it Is to be hoped they will be brought tp justioe; as independ ently of the injury done to a valuable animal, there lias been a fieiidishnew shown to a dumb hj-utb which even a savage might be ashamed of. L A ' '" 