COUNTRY MAILS. SOUTHERN AND WESTERN DISTRICTS. From Local Papers to 22nd September.) Replying to Mr. J. T. Wilson who had forwarded a petition from Swan Creek, praying for protection of the agricultural interest, Mr. F?. Kates, M.L.A., says-I am glad you sent me the petition for protecting the farmers' produce. I presented same yesterday, and it was well received. You may rely on me. I was the first who acknowledged the necessity of doing some thing in the direction indicated in your petition. I am determined to follow it up until our efforts are crowned with success " The Allora correspondent of the Warwick Argus, writing on 10th instant, says- The w rather during the past week has been extremely cold, with sharp frosts at night cutting off the early fruit on the low-lying lands. From the previous fine weather we had concluded that Biiriug was fairly established, but the weather of the past few days has been that of midwinter. Stock are looking fine, and we have not lost any this winter, Messrs. Gisler Bros., of Allora, are having steel rollers fixed in their mills on the very latest improved principles. From certain correspondence shown us St. G turtle Standard) by the inspector of stock for Um district, we gather that all persons in charge of sheep travelling overland into New South Wales must be provided with a certificate from the Chief Inspector of Stock that such sheep are not affected with any contagious disease. A correspondent in the districts" writes to the Toowoomba Chronicle that on the 10th August he forwarded to a Brisbane firm 2 tons 13cwt. "qr. 20 lb. of really fine chaff, and on Saturday last he received the following " account sales:" Price of chaff, £7 3s. 6d.; charges-railage, £2 17-. 6d.; cartage, Ga.; railage on bales, 2s.; cartage, Is. 6d.; insurance, Is.; weighing and delivery, 10s.; commission, 7s.; total, jK4 -Is. 11d.; to balance, £2 18s. 7d. These figures speak for themselves, and further comment is unnecessary. A man named Bernard O'Donnell, aged about a.") years, has committed suicide. The deceased was the brother of the landlord of the European Hotel, and he was known as a jobbing labourer in Toowoomba. It is stated that for some time past O'Donnell had been drinking heavily. Mr. Bernard MGlynn, a contractor living in Raff Street, Mort Estate, took O'Donnell to his resi- dence in the hope of weaning him from the drink. On Wednesday afternoon about 5 o'clock O'Donnell went to an outbuilding in which were seine carpenters' tools, and with a wood chisel stabbed himself in the right side of the neck, making an ugly wound and completely severing the jugular vein. Constable M'Ncil heard of the O' currence and at once made to the place where he found O'Donnell sitting on the doorstep bleed me' profusely. Dr. Armstrong arrived shortly afterwards and ordered the man's removal to the hospital. He was taken there, and Dr. Sheaf give the wound every possible surgical attention, but he died in the hospital shortly after 8 o'clock the same night. -During the hearing of the charge against three Chinamen on the 20th instant, at the Warwick i ohio Court, for destroying a countryman's vegetable garden, the police-magistrate referred to the uselessness of administering the oath to Uiniaraen. Ah Young entered the witness-box, "La upon being questioned as to the manner in which he elected to be sworn, he preferred the process of blowing out the match. The oath was administered, and Ah Young duly extinguished J is yet to, throwing it on the floor with a grin, The police-magistrate said he did not see the necessity of administering an oath to aChinarnan, wJ quoted the opinion of the commissioner, who, Jj'neu travelling in the North, said that neither the oath administered by the blowing out of a nwhnortho decapitating of a cock was hands;-'', The form used in China, the commissioner " is? to make a declaration, which was '¡""'"y.uiadiiig. Mr. Curnow said it was little mu or blasphemy, and said the Oaths Act went over i enough to meet the case. For the present, of I'ohtt-magistrate, we had better stick to the old ft as .. -' . - - continued, at! sea. form the hearing of the case was MARYBOROUGH. (From Local Papers to 1st September.) Mrl".vTt«"Sh boasts a real ghost. The Awa says that senior- sergeant Higgins, who has been stoping his weather eye open at nights lately, he across his ghost ship last night, nearly oppo- .e jue Presbyterian Church. The disembodied , T¡'" "however, probably knowing the sergeant of it. moved off at once, and gliding over the fence, ALL, at once into the ground, to the horror of the receiving witness, who was only a few yards \- toy", and left not a trace behind. i progresses the Maryborough-Bundaberg Rail a."J issue made at a faster rate than hereto is 'a-'? line Imp will be minus a is- JA " rally at the Isis "branch line will be ready *% , at some time in the middle of next month, -a rather remarkable occurrence took place near Risdon, on the Buriaun line, on Monday even ;--. along the severe thunderstorm which fell .-.. I -Ua'yw>rough. A lad was riding alongside a..- fence of what is known as Wilson's paddock, affray in front of him, on the other side b, ,, Vea,ce>,a cow dropped down dead, having -lvaTíiv?'fllsh^iuff'' The youngster was -about 20ft, from the cow at the time. There were no marks on the body of the cow. CHARTERS TOWERS. t(Fro'" Local Papers to 9th September N strong proves to a greater extent the growing importance of a goldfield than the manufacture of the necessary machinery. The first stamper box cast on Charters Towers has just been done by Messrs. Hobson and Co., of the Pioneer Foundry, Queenton. It was put on to a railway truck yesterday to be transmitted to Messrs. Spent Bros., Croydon, and is really a splendid piece of of the founder's art. CAIRNS. (Local Papers to 10th September.) The railway, as far as the end of the first section, is rapidly progressing towards completion, being finished up to the Eight-and-a quarter mile, and it is anticipated that a week from the present date will see construction up to the commencement of the second section at an end. Of course it is impossible to say what the decision of the Commissioner for Railways will be when he receives the report of the engineer, Mr. Gwynneth (which it is believed will have been favourable to the rotation of the Chamber of Commerce, but judging from the number of persons now carried daily by the train, and the quantity of goods being conveyed by the various means to Kamerunga and the second section, it will be a most foolish policy to let the rolling stock lie idle when it might bring in a decent return TOWNSVILLE. ('From Local Papers to 100's September.) When the steamer Ellen, which arrived on Wednesday evening from Mackay, was off Gloucester Island on Tuesday, the captain and crew witnessed a mortal combat between a huge whale and a shark and a thresher. The whale had a foot on either side of the neck, and in his efforts to shake them off would at times leap out of the water, descending with tremendous force. All its endeavours to rid itself of its enemies appeared to be in vain, for as far as those on board the Ellen could see I the combat continued furiously. The captain thought of standing by until the fight was over, and, in the event of the whale being overcome, of securing the carcase and towing it to port, but the fish appeared to have such an amount of vitality and strength it was considered the fight might coutiuuoamuch longer time than the steamer could afford to wait. PORT DOUGLAS. from local Papers to 9th September.) In a letter from Mr. Lumley Hill to Mr. James Wixted, of this town, read at the divisional board meeting, the former gentleman states his determination not to contest the Cook district again. His plea is the unsatisfactory state of his health. 