' CHAPTER XIII.-NOT "WIFE, BUT -WAIF. v Tom Watterly's,;horse. was the pride pf his "heart.. It was a hob-tailed,. raw-boned animal/ ¡bút, as Tom complacently remarked to Alida, ."¡He can pass about anything on the road"-a boast that he let no chance.escape of verifying. ?It was a terrible ordeal to the poor woman to go dashing through the¡streets in an open waggon, feeling that every eye was upon her. With head bowed down'she employed her failing strength in holding herself from falling out, yet almost wishing that she might be dashed against some object that would end* her wretched life. It ^finally . occurred to Tom that the woman afc his side might not, af ter her recent experience, share in his enthusiasm, and he pulled up, remarking, with a rough effort afc sympathy . '' Ifc's a cussed shame you've been treated so, and as soon as you're ready, I'll help you get even with the. scamp." " \ " I'm nofcvweU,;;.i3Ír/^VsMd, Alida, humbly. "I 'only askV for a quiefc place where I can rest till strong enough to do some kind of work." Weil, well,", said Tom; kindly j " don't lose heart. We'll" do the best by you we can. That ain't saying very much, though, for we're full and running over." . '. ' ; He> soon drewrein at\the poorhouse door, and sprung out. ' '' ; " I-I-feel strange," Alida gasped. Tom qaught the fainting woman *< in. Hs armsj and shouted- ? ; - <'? ? .?? . ? '? " Here/ Bill, Joe", you lazy loons, where are ' Three, or, four half-wrecks of men shujffled^t^ his assistance,;and..together ihey bore the un conscious woman to the room which was used as a sort of hospital. Some old orones gathered around with such restoratives as they had afc command. Gradually the stricken woman revived, hut as the whole miserable truth came back she tufned her f ace to the wall with a sinking of heart akin to despair. At last, from sheer exhaustion feverish sleep ensued,from which she of ten started, with moans and low cries. One impression haunted ber-she was falling, ever falling into a dark bottomless abyss. Hours passed in the same partial Btupbr, filled with phantoms and horrible dreams. Toward evening she aroused herself mechanically to take the broth Mrs Watterly ordered 'her to swallow, then relapsed into, the same lethargy. Latein the night, she became cousoious that some one was kneeling at her bedside: and fondling her. She started up with a slight cry. " Don't be afeard -, it's only me, dear," said a quavering voice. In the dim rays pf a night lamp Alida saw an old woman with gray hair falling about her face and on her nightrobe. At first, in her confused, feverish impressions, the poor waif was dumb with superstitious awe. and trembled between joy and fear. Could her mother have come to comfort her in her sore extremity P "Put ye're head on me ould withered breast," said the apparition, " ah'ye'llknow amither'sheart nivor changes. I've been alookin' for ye and ex pectin' ye these long weary years. They said ye wouldn't come back-that I d niverfindye ag'in ¡ hat I knowed I wud, and here ye are in me arms, me darlint. Don't draw away from ye're ould nuther. Don't be afeard or 'shamed loike. No matter what ye've done or where ye've been or .who ye've been with, a mither's heart welcomes ye hack j ist the same as when yes were a baby an' slept on me breast. A mither's heart nd quench the fire3 o' hell. I'd go inter the burnin* flames o' the pit an' bear ye out in me arma. So uiver fear. Now that I've found ye, ye're safe. Ye'll not rin away from me ag'in. I'll hould ye back." And the poor creature clasped Alida with such convulsive energy that she screamed from pain and terror. "Ye shall not get away from me, ye shall not go back to evil ways. Whist, whist, be aisy and lot me plead wid ye. Think how many long, weary years I've looked for ye, and waited for ye. Niver have I slept noight or day in me watchin'. Yo may be so stained an' loBfc an' ruined that the whole wourld will scorn ye, yet not ye're mither not ye're ould mither. O Nora, Nora, why did ye rin away from meP Wasn't J koind ? No, no, ye cannot lave nie ag'in." ; . . ' ' ¡ ? ; And she threw herself on Alida, whose dis ordered mind was tortured by what she heard. Whether or not ifcwas.a more terrible dream than had yet oppressed her, she scarcely knew, but in the excess of her nervous horror she sent' out a cry that echoed in every part of the large build ing. Two old women rushed in and dragged Alida's persecutor screaming away. "That's allus the.way o' it," she shrieked. " A's soon as I find me Nora they snatohes me and Carries me off, and I have, to begin me watohin' and waitui' and lookin' ag'in." i - ; Alida continued sobbing and trembling vio lently. One of the awakened patients sought to assure her by saying-- i " Don't mind it so, Miss. It's only old orazy Kate. Her dáughter ran away from her years and years ago-how many no one knows-and when a young woman's brought here she thinks it's her lost Nora. They oughtn't 'a let her get out; knowin'you was here." * , < For several days Alida's reason wavered. The nervous shock of her sad experiences had been so great that it did not seem; at all improbable that Bhe, like the insane, mother, might be haunted for the rest of her life by an overwhelming im pression of something lost. In her morbid, shaken mind she confounded the wrong Bhe had received with guilt on her own part. Eventually^ Bhe grew calmer and more sensible. Although her con science acquitted her of intentional evil, nothing could remove the deep-rooted conviction that she was shamed beyond hope of remedy. For a time Bhe was unable to rally from nervous prostration j meanwhile, her mind was preternaturally active, presenting every detail ol' the past until she was often readv to cry aloud in her despair. Tom Watterly took an unusual interést in her case, and exhorted the visiting physician todo his best for her. She finally began to improve, and with the first return of strength sought to do something with her feeble hands. The bread of charity was not sweet. Although the place in which she lodged was clean, and the coarse, unvarying fare abundant, she Bhrunk shuddering, with each day's clearer consciousness, from tho majority of those about her. Phases of life of which she had scarcely dreamed were the common topics of conversation. In her mother she had learned to venerate gray hairs, and it was an awful shock to learn that so many of the feeble creatures about her were coarse, wicked, and evil-disposed. How could their withered lips frame the words they spoke ? How could they dwell on subjects that were pro fanation, even to such wrecks of womanhood as themselves P . }[,/; Moreover, they persecuted her by their cu riosity. The good material in her apparel had been examined and commented on ; her wedding: ring had been seen and its absence soon noted, for Alida, after gaining the power to recall the past fully, had thrown away the metal lie, feeling that it was the last link in a chain binding her to a loathed and hated relationship. Learning from their questions that the inmates of the almshouse did not know her history, she refused to reveal it, thus awakening endless surmises. Many his tories were made for her, the beldams vying with each other in constructing the worst one. Poor Alida soon .learned that there was public opinion even in an almshouse, and that she was under its ban. In dreary despondency she thought " They've found out about me, If such crea tures as these think I'm hardly fit to speak to, how can I ever find work among good, respect able people ?" Her extreme depression, the coarse, vulgar, and uncharitable natures by which she was surrounded retarded her recovery. By her efforts to do any thing in her power for others she disarmed the hostility of some of the women, and those that were more or less demented became fond of her j but the majority probed her wound by every look and word. She was a saint compared with any of these, yet they made her envy their respect ability. She often thought " Would to God that I was as old and ready to die as the feeblest woman here if I could only hold up my head like her." One day a woman, who had a child, left it sleeping in its rude wooden cradle'ohd went down stairs. The babe wakened and began to cry. Alida took it up and found a strange solace in rocking it to Bleep again upon her breast. At last the mother returned, glared a moment into Alida's appealing eyes, then snatched the child away, with the cruel words "Don't ye touch my baby ag'in. ;To , think it ud been in the arms o' the loikes o' ye 1" Alida went away and sobbed until her strength was gone. She found that there were some others ostracised like herself, but they accepted their positions as a matter of course-as if it belonged to them, and was the least of their troubles. Her strength was returning, yet she was still foeble when she sent for Mrs. Watterly and asked "Do you think I'm strong enough to take a place somewhere?" " You ought to know that better than me," was the chilly reply. "Do you-do you think I could get a place? I would be willing to do any kind of honest work not beyond my strength." " You hardly look able to sit up straight. Better wait till you're stronger. I'll tell my husband. If applications come, he'll soe about it," and she turned coldly away. A day or two later, Tom came, and said brusquely, but not unkindly " Don't like my hotel, hey P What can you do?" " I'm usod to sewing, but I'd try to do almost anything by which I could earn my living." "Best thing to do is to prosecute that scamp and make him pay you a good round sum." She shook her head decidedly. " I don't wish to seo him again. I don't wish to go before people and have the-the-past talked about. I'd like a place with some kind, quiet people who keep no other help. Perhaps they wouldn't take me if they knew j but I would be so faithful to them; and try so hard to learn what they .wanted-;-" v ¿. V "That's all nonsense, their not taking you. I'll find you a plaoo some day; but you're not strong enough yet. You'd be brought right bock here. You're as pale as a ghost-almost ' look like one. So don't be impatient, but give me a chance to find you a good place. I feel Börry for you, and don't -want you to get-'among folks that have no feelings. Don't you worry now; chirk up, and you'll come out all right." . " I-I think that if-if I'm. employed,. the people who take me ought to know, said Alida] with bowed head. . . , . s \- "They'll be blamed fools, if they don't think more of you' when they do know," was. his response. " Still, that shall be as you please. I've told only my wife, and they've kept mum at the police station, BO the thing hasn't got into the papers." . ,;. ,. :., ;; .. .. ; ? '.;'? ; Alida bowed her "head lower still as she replied- : :,;V::..,rV . " I thank you.' My only wish now is to find some quiet place in which I can work and be left to myself." . , -v . . ;,. " Very well," said Tom, good-naturedly. ,f Cheer up ; I'll be ón the lookout for you." , , She turned to the window, near, which she was sitting, to hide the tears which his roiigh kind ness evoked. : , ; : M? ',, '' " He. don't seem to shrink/from me as if I wasn't fit to be spoken to," she thought ; "but his wife did. I'm afraid people won't take me when they know." The April sunshine poured in at the window; the grass was becoming green ; a robin alighted on a tree near by and poured out a jubilant song. For a few moments hope, that had been almost dead in her heart, revived. As she looked grate fully at the bird, thanking it in her heart for the song, it darted upon a string hanging on an adjacent spray and bore it to a crotch between two boughs. Then Alida saw it was building a nest. Her woman's heart gave way, " Oh," she moaned, " I shall never have ahorne again 1 No place shared by one who pares for me. To work, and to be tolerated for the sake of my work, is all that's left." 