A REMARKABLE APPARITION—THE GHOSTLY BARGE. A little river port on the Rappahannock; in Essex county, is noted throughout Virginia for its superstitions. Indeed, many of the people in the vicinity believe as firmly in the ghostly world as in the existence of the wind- ing river upon which a great part of their lives is spent. Their ghosts seldom take the form of men and women, however. The troubled spirits find more comfort in sailing or steaming up and down the rivers as vessels. The most notable of these ghostly apparitions is the "Black Barge," the forerunner of Democratic defeat. Soon after the great civil war, while the Democratic party of this congressional district was in a state of complete demoralisation, an election for congressman came on. The district had always gone Democratic, and Rappahannock was considered the banner Democratic town in the section. The Democrats hereabout went into the campaign vigorously, but from the first there were grave doubts about the success of their efforts, since the neighbouring counties of King and Queen, Caroline, Middlesex, and Spottsylvania were so impoverished and rendered so desperate by the results of the war that their people cared little about political campaigns. The night before election day the Rappahannock Democrats had a torchlight pro- cession and held a mass meeting on the river banks. The usual rousing speeches were made, refreshments were plentiful, and a jolly time was had generally. Just at midnight, while the Democratic congressional candidate was in the middle, of an eloquent peroration, a man in the audience shouted— "Look, fellows, what is that queer concern going down the river ?" Everybody moved to the river edge and peered into the darkness. Sure enough, there was a queer-shaped barge moving along slowly, a vessel the like of which had never been seen in these waters. Torches were brought forward, and by their light the people saw or fancied they saw a number of gigantic negroes on the barge dancing gleefully and making horrible grimaces at those on shore. A dozen voices hailed the strange vessel but got no response. Then several boatmen pulled out to see what the thing was. In half an hour they returned with very scared faces, declaring that they had followed the barge for some distance when it suddenly disappeared with a yell of triumph from the crew. Everybody was surprised at first, but soon the tendency to superstition cropped out, and by next morning nine-tenths of the residents of Rappahannock were firmly convinced that the barge was a ghostly appari- tion and presaged nothing good for the Demo- cratic party that day. "Well, when the oeection returns came in from the district, it was found that the Re- publicans had elected their man by a good majority, and chiefly through the large negro vote that had been polled. When the news reached Rappahannock, of course every one said, " I told you so," and nothing was talked of for months afterwards except the ominous "Black Barge." Six years ago it appeared again, and was followed by Republican success once more. Then it was seen no more until last November, when it came forward to defeat Mr. Croxton, the sitting member of Congress. This last appearance was like the first. Mr. Croxton was addressing the Rappahannock people on the night of November 1 last, and was interrupted by cries of "The Black Barge !" "The Black Barge !" Mr. Croxton, who of course took no stock in the strange story of the vessel, tried to regain the attention of the people, and cautioned them against being superstitious, but all to no purpose. The meeting, which began with merriment and enthusiasm, ended in silence and a general sig- nificant shaking of heads. Next day the Rap- pahannockities went to the polls with glowing countenances and freely predicted Croxton's de- feat. Two days later all the returns were in, and it is was announced that Judge Bayley Brown, Republican candidate, was elected by over two thousand majority.— \- Titusville Weekly Herald. 