How a Man Who had Cheated Him Came Back After Death to Apologize. Uniontoron, Pa., o ngo es. "I never go much on ghost stories,' began Contractor Van Dyke at the Clinton house the other evening. The old gentleman had been listening with more or less attention to a sries of fables being told by the guests of the hotel. "Well, I don't know," the old contractor replied. " My experience in that direction has been somewhat remarkable. I don'tsup pose you will believe me, but the story I will tell you is true. I can produce a living wit ness to it, and I will at any time make alli davit to its accuracy. Two years ago I was building a piece of railroad down in the enst ern part of this State. Among the people who furnished me ties was an old trader in whom Ilhad little or no confidence. As the bills for the ties came in I paid them promptly and took receipts from every man. I knew to theotie the number used. After my contract was completed the old trader sued me for the price of fifty ties. The case was tried, and I was compelled to pay the money. The old man had sworn to his bill, and little.or no defence. could be made. When 1 paid the money I iwarned the old fel low. I told him he had perjured himself. I predicted for him an unhappyending. About six months agn I was awakened at one o'clock in the morning by this same old trader. It was dark in my'rooin. Just as plainly as I can seeyou now he was there in life. He wakened me by calling my name. My partner was in bed in the same room just a few. feet from me. I called him and told him of the visitor's presence. He said he could hot see him and laughed'at ne:'. He told mie I was dreaming, and suggested that I go to sleep. While we were talking the old trader called mea by name. lie said be had been mistaken about the ties, and offered to return me the money. iThe vision then vanished. Mypartner talked with me of the matter before we went to sleep again. The-nexitmorning he told the story on me as a joke, but while we were at breakfast the news reached us of the old trader's death... He had died within ten minutes of the time of his visit to me. I have no idea how many more calls of the same character he had to make, but I am satisfied his visit to me was the lastone. That story is true as holy writ, the old man concluded. A distressing silence followed its telling and the party broke up before all recovered. Father (irascibly)-" Who's got my boot jack 1" Corn (smiling archly-" The cat." \--Puck. 