PORT CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. At the Port Congregational Church on Sunday evening.the Rev. J. C. Kirby reviewed the Rev. Canon Green's sermon upon ' The Two Religions, Protestant Dissenters and the tflcrca oi- unnsB,' xaKiug as nva zexz x Corinthians xii 13, the preacher said that discussion helped people to understand and to decide what course to take, and it should be carried on with personal friendliness. From the advertisement 'The Religion of Protestant Dissenters and the Church of Christ' he felt certain that the Canon in tended to express his usual errors on this subject, and therefore out of faithfulness to their souls, to the future of Australia, and to the scul of Canon Green he should essay a little correction of the same. The root error running through Canon Green's sermon was his doctrine concerning the proper Christian truth as regards the Church of God. The doctrine of the New Testa ment was quite aa authoritative aa the Prayer-book. The New Testament taught that there waB a Church of Christ which was the very body of Chriat, out of the pale of which there was no salvation. This was a Church.whose members were members oi the flesh and bone of Christ. This wa3 the Church which Jesus loved, against which the gates of Hades shall not prevail. Christ and the Apostle3 did not teach that this Church was an artificial visible corporation, Society, or body of persons like the Odd fellowa or Freemasons, as Mr. Green said the Anglican Church was. The Church of God was something tremendously superior and deeper and truer in its incorporation than any visible incorporation of Oddfellows or Freemasons. To belong to this Church of God one must be operated upon by the Holy Ghost. ' By one spirit are we baptized into one body.' One must really be renewed in the spirt of the mind, must be born again, must repent his sins, and in an inner motion of the soul must ever try to follow Christ aa leader, master, and friend. These genuine members of Christ were to be found in all the visible ecclesiastical corpora tions in the world. Most of them were in heaven, for ' part of the host had' crossed the flood and part are crossing now.' Not in the shallow sense of the Canon, but with pro foundest truth. Protestant Dissenters used the Canon's words, ' that each man in the Church of Christ is not an isolated unit, but a member of a family, a citizen of the king dom of heaven, with his training in this world and his hopes for the next dependent upon hi3 harmony with the family and his obe dience to the laws of the kingdom.' A member separated himself from this family by reject ing the Christ he once loved, and by so doing must perish. The visible existence of the body of persons in the world profoundly akin to one another in their common love of God and Christ, their compassionate love of mani their sense of the world, their longing for and diligent effort to become _ prepared for heaven, had been made manifest in every country from generation to generation. The real Church was manifest by lavs and good works. Some cf those good peoplethought one another to be dreadful heretics. In all those artificial corporations there had been many ungodly persons, many hypocrites, and many wicked sinners who were not ia the everlasting Church of God at all. Those baptized murderers, scoundrels, tyrants, and oppressors of whom they read in history were in this visible corporation, but he Bhauld have to take leave of his senses before he be lieved that they were members of Christ's body, flesh and bone. They believed in a visible artificial organization, like Oddfel lows, with modes of admission, powers of discipline, and powers of excommunication, because they iound that over and above the everlasting Church of Christ which the Holy Ghost was making the Apostles organized a number of visible Societies of professed be lievers, to which they gave the name of Churches. These visible Societies were not identical with the Church of Christ. Hey were valuable institutions for the good of the world. They were instruments of building tbe kingdom and the true everlasting Church, but nothing more. The Anglican Church was one of these temporal Societies, but nothing could be more unscriptural than speaking of it as the Church of God. The eame thing was tree of the Congregational Church ; they did' not 'call it the Church cf Christ, though it was a Church~of Christ. On these grounds he held Canon. Green's doctrine oi the Church to bs a huge error. Canon Green was a minister of a Protestant Church. The Archbishop of Canterbury, the head of the English ' Church, caused the Queen to swear 'to maintain the Protestant reformed religion established hy law.' Canon Gre9n was a minister of that Church, and therefore a Protestant. It was not true that Protestant Dissentera had neither altar, prieat, nor sacrifice. ? The crpsa of Christ at Calvary was their altar. Christ, the only begotten Son of God, waa their sacrifice and their Great High Priest, who had ascended to the Holy Temple, and ever lived to make intercession for them. Accord ing to tbe New Testement every true disciple of Christ was a priest. The whole body of Christiana were a royal priesthood. The kind of priest which Mr. Green would set up was nothing but an artificial creation. Such a person had no New Testament authority. Canon Green had said that the last object of the assembling of the Dissenters waa to worship. God* .Had he not known that there was oace a godly and able Congregational minister in' Rut landshire, held [in high respect all the neigh bourhood round, and that Canon Green, was hia son, and was bred under the ministra tions of that good man, he should have imagined that this talk was baaed on de ficient information. As Canon Green must have known that the object of all their meet ing in solemn assembly was to worship and glorify God, he could only account for the extraordinary saying by believing that Canon Green's tongue became an unruly member, and defying the reina of reason ran away. They did not sing or pray to please them selves but to worship God, although as good Christians they should take pleasure ia the exercises of God's house. Canon Grsen attacked the great Protestant principle of private judgment. In so doing he did not stato tne case fairly. He would take a future opportunity of defining that principle., fie would remind Canon Green that the great writer and defender of that prin ciple was Chillingworth, one of the greateat ornamenta oi the English Church. The early Christiana were more like Congregationalism, Baptists, and Presbyterians. The systems of Prelacy and Popery were departnrea from primitive truth and order. Whether true or false, Prelacy was unknown to the Apostles. Canoe Green quoted two books. He would quote two books also— the New Testament and Thomas a Kempis. The Church which produced and circulated the latter kept the New Testament from the laity century after century. The Protestant Dissenters placed neither mannacle, Prayer-book, nor Thomas a Kempis, but the New Testament, in the hands of all the people as their guide to the celestial city. He believed that the Canon's doctrine about the Church, sacraments, priests, &a;, wa3 fairly dedueible from the Prayer-book. At the- same time the Canon knew there were large parties in the Church who thought that the Prayer-book allowed another type of doctrine altogether. The Low Church did not hold Canon Green'B interpretation of the Prayer-book. It had been declared in Court that the Low Church doctrine was consistent with the Prayer-book. So this book, it appeared, spoke with two voices. The Church of England had three parties, so it was not quite fair for Canon Green to repre sent his own school of thought as identical with the Church of England. The Canon's views were dangerous to the English nation. If worked out they would lead large numbers back again to the Roman Church, which he held to be a great retro gression and a vast misfortune. He feared for the political, social, and religious conse quences of Canon Green's theory on historical grounds. In concluding the preacher said — Protestant Dissenters hold that Chriat is the life of man, that He is all our salvation, that ministers and sermons and sacraments and hymns andEervices are useful helps to the soul, and means used by Christ totake a saving hold of souls. But we hold that the soul in ita faith, love, and repentance haa direct access io the Redeemer. We also believe that Chriat bears with many errors. We believe that no man ia in the Catholic Church who does not love the Lord Jesus in sincerity and truth, and we believe that no man ia out of the Catholic Church who does love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth. Hence our watchword of union is ' Grace, mercy, and peace be with all them that love the Lord Jesus Christ insincerity and truth.' 'The Holy Lasd.'— At Stow Church on Sunday evening, May 15, the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., preached on 'The Holy Land.' This was the third of a course of jubilee Bermons, and the text wa3 taken from Numbers adii. 1— 'And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, * Send thou men that they may spy out the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel.'' The rev. gentleman said that fifty years ago very little was known of the Boly Land, but how little people were not aware till they began to study their Bibles in the light of their little knowledge. Thia wonderful half-century of British history among other great works -had produced two ambitious books, which aimed at being complete dictionaries of Bible information. Each of those works, one of which waa un dertaken by thatrheroicman — the tleaf work house boy— Dr. Kitto, and the other by Drv William Smith, was the outcome of the labour of a number of scholars working in concert. The learned writers of the second of these booka when they had done their work were half -ashamed of it. They had found in the Bible no fewer than 622 namaB of places, and they could give no information whatever concerning two^thirds of them. Of those of which they did say something a great deal was mere guesswork. This state of thirjea was irritating both to the authors and to tfeir readers. The Christian Church, like the Israelites, clamoured for fresh know ledge. People were eager to know more exactly what this Bible laud was like. At last, when our Queen had- slready been more than twenty-five years on her throne, a gather ing of the leaders of the hosts of the Churches of Christ was called from which notable results had followed. It was held in that same 'Jerusalem Chamber' at Westminster, where afterwards the Revised Version of the Bible was made. The ignorance of Christen dom waB fully acknowledged and deplored, and once again it was determined 'to send out men that they might spy out the land of Canaan which the Lord gave unto the children of Israel.' The work was undertaken with much spirit. It was thought that a few years wonld finish it. So great, however, had the work proved itself to be that it waa not nearly finished though twenty-two years had been occupied with the spying out, and it would take another -jubilee period befors_ -we - could properly reckon up the gams of that noble enterprise. He considered that the Bible had been virtually rewritten. It read as a different book to us from what it did to our fathers. Mr. Fletcher gave a few illustrations of the way in which our modern knowledge of Palestine had verified the old narrative. He referred to the Biblical pas sages concerning the ancient cities and the buildings in those ? days^ and the —dis- coveries of recent years. The main interest of the Holy Land after all centred in Jerusr'«mv It was there where we had the most light. Ita sites had been marked out with care, and two great pro blems had especially been awaiting solution, viz ,' Where was the Temple ? and where was the Tomb of Jesus? The exploration of Palestine and the revelations of the buried treasures of Oriental cities had done much to establish the historic faithfulness of the Jewish and Christian Scriptures. Albertok Baptist Chubch. — The exhibi tion and sale of gooda given in the Port Town Hall in aid of thia Church were brought to a close on Saturday evening.- The attendance was better than on the previous evening, and a fair amount of' business was done by the ladies in charge of the different stalls. Musical selections were given at intervals. A number of Art Union prizes were distri buted to the different winners during the evening. The proceeds were satisfactory. 