THE RAILWAY EMPLOYES AGITATION. DRIVER M'DOUGALL REPUDIATES MR SMITH'S STATEMENTS. WHAT THE MEN THINK OF -THE OFFICIALS. j laving yesterday given the statements of Mr Alison Smith, tho actiiur- locomOtivofiuperinten- dcnt,rcgarding the agitation ninonc iho employes in hi branch of tho department, wo con- sideredit only just and fair to allow tlinttwm ta givo tluir version of tho matter. More particularly wns this doslrnblo in tho caso of Mr M 'Don call, iho Presi- dent of tho Engino Drivevs' nnd Fire- men's Association, of whom Mr Smith said to our rcprcscntativo " I have no doubt in my own mind, although I havo not' a ghost of proof, that tho cnuso of all this agitation is a charge hanging over the head of tho President of tho Engino Drivers and Fireman's Associa tion. Somo ten days ago tho man who is a a ongincdrivcrovcrrau his mints, and tho engino left the rails, I had a board appointed to inquire into lho matter, and that board had tho care beforo them lost Thursday. Now, this man has n bod rccutJ, ho lias had four charges against him, and in my mind I boliova tlmt ho has got up his agitation in order if pos sible affect the decision in liis case, nnd got him sell out of tho scrape." Accordingly a represcu- tativu of Tub JIciiald this morning bad a protracted interview with Mr. .J. M1 Doncall and W, R, Clark, tho secretary of tho Association. "You read last night's Hi:i:ald, and saw what Mr Smith- soya about you, Mr M'Dougall," arid our reporter, launching into tho subject at once. » : Yes, I have, and I deny tlio charges in tcto I am not tho instigator of agitation, and my case, which is a very trifling ono, lias nothing to do with tho matter. Isn't, " allowing your engino to havo tlio ' motals, rather a serious matter? Probably; but I didn't do thnt— its a ' mistake altogether. Let mo ex plain. On the night— midnight iu fact— of 28tU T was on my engino, and on coming iu tho .signal and disc were set all right for me. ' ' Aly engino and tlio first truck took ono read nnd tho second truck got off tho road. My cngmo wns never off the metal remember. Inspector Lewis wns deputed to inquire into tho matter, mid he camo to tlio conclusion thai ; I was not to blame in any way. Did ho reiwrt to that effect to Mr Smith' ? Yes ; I toliovo so, Mr Clarke : lint Mr .Smith is very seldom in clined to carry out tho recommendations of his .officers, -If there's any accident his chief aim .scums to bo- to . blnino tbo - driver. I went on IS days holidays inimcdiately.atter thisi occurrence, and during that period I re- 'eeivod a noto.from Inspector Jacks; intimat-. ing tlmt as there appeared to bo, a conflict .in t lie ovideneo a Board had been appointed to investigate the whole . affair. As reques ted, 1 attended .that enquiry ft fort night ago to- day, but as yet have not received any intimation ns to tho result of the investigation, .That, however, is a charac teristic -of (ho department. They ay point a Board to inquire, but the men seldom hear tfie result, unless,' of course, it isuidverso to them. ; You say you are riot the loader of tho agita tion? I do emphatically. . And ( I regret that .Mr Alisotr Smith has so far forgotten tho position lie ' hold as to 1 lend .himself to tho ventilation of, such personal chnrpes. It !« not a personal matter between Mr Smith and nio, but between tho Associa tion and Mr Smith. . Mr Clark : Of conrso it is tho Association who are going Into this matter. . They are doing it entirely, 'Mr Smith should havo seen the meeting last Sunday, and' tlioii. bo ivonld to convinced as, to . tho unanimity of tlio meii in thoir disatisfaction with tho way in which ho is conducting matters. There luis been a statement made, observed our representative, ' that it was only chronic agitators who were, leading . tho men into this agitation. Is ihiit ft fact ?. Mr Clark No ; it is not. Tho officers of tlie Association liave been trying all they cantoamehornto matters, ' Mr Smith stated,, said tho' reporter, that the "bulk and the best of tho men" were with him Is that your idea ? . . :i, Mr M'Dougall : No it i« not. There were betwecii 400 , nnd 500 ' men af the meeting of Sunday last'.. mit, of,: about 700 cinjrfoycs, and. they were unanimous in favor bit tho position taken up. ! . As to your " bad record, " -Mr M'Dougall— tcll'tnc about chat? v.:'" ! i: Mr M'Dougall : Well, T. Will; say this. : I havo always received iny promotion when! it wiw duo without any trouble. . In fact tlio last promotion I had I got a- month' before- j ex- pected it. I can give you an example of the charges which are; said to 'compose iny bad record. On one occasion'l bad to attend an enquiry at Newport, anil having to do so I was asked to put iu the running sheet for this day. I;did so. ' Not being properly filled up it was- sent back for my correction. I put an addition to this sheet j but ' then it was'not considered satisfactory. I was booked for nothing else but this Inquiry, and they did not want to pay mo a full day's wages. . In fact it wasi stopped iii consequence "of my not making out tlio sheet ns was desired, I liad an interview with "Mr Mirls, and ex plained the caso to him, ,'wlion ho ordered that I should to paid tho day's wages, aud also that the firenum' should havo a full day tor. it. At ill's.- interview, Mr Mirls confronted mo with along report' on; tbo case, prepared by tho orcmeri, which I had never seen or knew any thing about. ' .. . f 7 _ What about thh Essendon' diivrr we aro bearing so much about? ; With " liliiv - the : ssstointion . has nuthiiig: to do j but hp states that, when he wished to- liavo hi casobeaitlby tho CommissionerB they' distinctly refused to heaV Jiis witnesses. . , I A rutiicr important matter to tlio xmblio is' that of tho sobriety of: engine-drivers;' Are. there niatiy -cases'! of drunlcbnness among- them ? . ' > I emi say withoui? fear of contradiction that, instances of men being under tlio iullueuco of liquor whilo on the foot-plate- aro very,' very rare. Not more . than six or seven : cases of men having been found drunk when on 'duty lrivo ' occurred during the last twenty years. Thejmblio need have no apprehension on that score. Why our lives- aro as much nt stake as theirs, and we wouldn't work with ii man who was iu drink. Mr Clark : Tlie Association, too, are very strict ou this point. . Mr Smith appears to think much of Driver Kelly, remarked our representative. Oh yen, replied Mr Clark, with a smile, Kelly is held up ns an examplo to tho engino- num. Somo further statements will appear in our next edition. 