ITEMS OF INTEREST. The arrivals at Naples of large numbers of fugitives from Sicily creates great anxiety. Catania rem rins the chief centre of the cholera epidemia. On 10th July thirtyeeveu caes and eighteen deaths were reported. At Ro. celia, in OCalabrie, there were four cases and two d'a'he, According to information from Pietermaritr burg, the Natal treasurers' financial state ment made in the Legislative Council showed that owing to improved trade the deficit at the beginning of the year hod been reduced from L223,000 to L164,000. It is expected that by the financial arrangemente made last eession the deficit will be completely covered during the current year. Corre epondence has been read in the Legisla tive Council which passed between the Secretary of State for the Colonies and Mr. John Robinson, when the latter was in London as the Natal delegate to the Colonial Ooa ference. It is generally considered that Sir H. Holland means to convey that unless respon sible Government be accopted by the colony all public works dependent on loans must be stopped. Judgment was given at Leipaie on 8th July in the treason trial which has been proceed ing before the Imperial Ounrt. Klein was condemned to six years' imprisonment in a penitentiary, and Grebert to five yJars. Ethart was acquitted. The reasons assigned for the sentences are that the guilt of both Klein and Grebert has been fully proved, partly by their own confession and partly by the depositions of witnesses and the corre. spondenoe found to have been exchanged between Klein and Sobraebele. It is further explained that both the accn:ed knew that their communiostiont wou'd be received by the French Mirnister of War. In the sonthern parts of Georgetown county, 8.C., says the New York Herald, is a large sheet of fresh water known as Dawbe Lake, widely celebrated for its great quantity of excellent fish of many varieties. About ten days ago a terrific hailstorm of several bon a' duration passed over that section, doing rat damage to growing crops and beating lage quantitie of leaves and limbe of trees into the lake. A few days after this storm the fish in the lake began to appear by thousands upon the surface of the water in a dying condition, the quantity increasing daily, until the surface of the lake was literally covered with dead fishes. The water of this lake has always been of a whitish colour, clear, soft, and pleasant to the taseete, butimmediately after the storm it became as black as ink and bitter as quinine, in which condition it has since continued. Dawre Lake- is about two miles long, and from two to 500 yarda wide, and varies in depth from 10 to 80ft. Adjacent lakes were not affected SPartiulars of .a moeet sensational m?nder Sterial m Calilornia, the sequel of which was the I pnching of the murderer, are iven by the Pbltrdadpblp OO· osreeonude or hes _ Tinnes. One Heng-di, a Chinamani, recently brutally murdered a mnn and a womanat Colea'- Call. forna." He was tried on 9th July, the jary finding- a verdict of .giliy, an pronouncing hie unilsbmhent to be imprisonment for.life. Their verdict incensed the crowd in court, who wanted- the man hanged; and the judge said be would not accept the decision of the jury. Everybody being armed,a wild scene eneses in the cuertroom, a hundred pistols being drawn amid cries of "Lynch him?" The sheriff rose and quitted the crowd, saying that, whilei be disapproved of the verdit; be hoped no blod would be abshed in oocrte The prisoner was then removed togaoL A-mob eurrounded the buildiop at midnight, broke so and seized Hong-di, and dragged him out to abrdge, where they hanged him by throwing him over the parapet with a rope round his.neck. The sheriff then took the b adj back to the gaol. SA-movement has been begun at New York for, cutting a Nicaragnayan canal under American auspices. A sum of 100.0001ol. in gold has been paid to the Nicaraguayan Government for the concession for cutting the canal. The Nicaraagayan Canal Con. struction Company has been organised with 12.0,0.00dol. of capital, and will soon send out engineers to verify and relocate Menocal's surveys. It is expected that the company will begin the work of excavaion and-of bahs hour improvement when the advising bo?:rd of engneers, including Mr. HMenoot, 1,., approved of the surveys. An interesting collection of.pietures is iow eing exhibited at the American Exhibition a' Earl's Court. They prove that America is S1-arning the business of painting in Paris; and (as was pretty generally known before) is learning it well; though whether America wilt long consent to nrn in Frencb leadien strings is quite ncotber goeltion. Thepietures painted under other than French infuence are I for, the most part on a differeht and lower place ,of art altogether. Suorh are the large, showy, theatrical laid'capeso of a moo who has hadconsiderable v·gue in coms parts of the United 'States, Albert Bierstaidt, a Diisseldorf artist: ind such the large canvas in which the Pennsylvanian artist Rotkermel has attempted the almost inpossible task of representing the ab:ee in the bloody battleof Gettysburg. till, trbugh the. painting of this enosmous picture is faulty enough, it gives a painfully .tria idea o' -the-deadly stragtis in whieb,.-to use the Northern phrase' thebck of 'the Rebellion was broken." Toe armies engaged were, as Mollke'said, rather two' vast armed -mobs than trained. armie ; and here they are in collision, hoausands mixed with.thouands in the grip of mortal combat :: :. . - ' 1 great public moeetaing was held in Newt York on BSoday, 10h July, at bwhiob Father M'Glyno defied the Papal axoomananicatio,. sad said :-I learned under the very ebadou of the Vatican that the man who isae against bis conscience 'sin agalenst theHolj-ohf oste thim :tbho-s , rs- , lis a" thse- . ee ..s' ooir .:sartd me s" do o-" oe~ '-'aIht aga.ait. _ eess-' o· -'br,, s '-i the .pow=ns. to a?e :Ac agfidat='rt*hk Holy Ghost, 11-.is were ie Sato poewitse it was. onca- threek God its is o . -th would imprison th tnruth. i dungeeons bes martyr it at the stil. in the perlos of D is. bbho through no fault of their own, redoQbd' ' tenth in tbe. factsreof b.oe? ty the bseatafi the earth, and upon the skies: It is eam itriame fact that religion is vanishilg in ev?y paevt of the wmed.: Men me being alisnated f d the heurebh.putienalaily from the: Ctbolie Church. Nwboere.is the o?hrmh; more h'ed than in the ao-.al?ld Oatholic.:ane ontrl The effort to oa a Papal represative at WasbiaLtenis quite in keeping with the name polite that b?a led the Pope t.tseniLtwo i Italian prelates to' Ireland. s n- E.lshh noodle of a Oatholic lord, the Hal of Denbigh I -and yen' may - alwys m ritrs - Erglish Catholio;eepecauy :an EnEgish Citholis earl; to outdo any-Protestantin his br lsed 'bft I OCatholic Iralaad--ys that the Pope told him not meely Of. hi great esteem nad'affaiotio or e.ll whitch. is :mll: o b, -but of. his grets dmse to be o! useeC. Eslc?hd., feri who ?have fought for CJatholeiien'bave been slapped inthe faes bh.thc Pope to iec"e e P.rince Bimavk.: So oce the CaSbli i tbe Hbms macdiueof whlh the Pope. isi mere pup.et, do tSai tht--scahbile wli niec c Paddy fI lslatd iad the Germs. Psdd and Ameri man P taya .a p s?. a, ?" uihLc k: hi::lslO n1o10 ade ho t fl~t s ment ft:wma iiglind:iha ttunnel: wheila .ould give no.loc?soo,to, einf. thi. ebett.?..d the introd?ctio. cisteam :aviglit 