IMovelisfc ' DAYS OF CRIME ' AND YEARS, OF SUFFERING As AyiOBIOOKAPHY. ' (Reprinted from 'The Australasian' of 1867 by Special Permission.) _ CHAPTER X. ? ?THE BITEll IS Ull AN1)-IIE'DIT13S AGAIN. .Oil arriving, at Maidstono I went to tlio Railway.Inn, and remained thoro till tho ? .. next.. morning.'.' v Not ;.liking the house much,.I removed in tho courso of tho day to tlio Royal Hotel: Aa .I always givo tho world .ii full account of. my proceedings ?when I am1 lining othorn, it is only fair that I should bo -equal lv communicative wlion I get myself. I 'afteeted . oiiiiards; nncl .taiiciea 1, could play. woll. Thoro 'was a billiard-room, in. the hotel, ftnd.to it I wont on tho. dvoning after iny arrival there. . There was preaont a rather stylish-looking person; who intro ducod'hiniself to mo iu'tho courso of tho night. Ho told mo ho was an officer in the Royal Artilloy, und.had recently irivontod Bomo wonderful rocket, which ho gave a yery;liard name to which | I foiget. He invited' mb_to play pith liim.' 1 did so, and won £5 from liim. that night, promis ing to moot liiih there tho, next evening. But I was not to bedono in ,tliat manner. I knew it was a common practice among .sharpen to allow the yiotim to win Boine thiiig;nt. first, and as I had some slight idea ; that tho ; artillery gentleman's munitions of . war were furnished chiefly by his witsij I was not going to bo plucked so innocently as I10 imagined.' I met him the' noxt night, but declined playing, ?' alleging as.a '-reason that I had been suffer ing from a nervous attack all day. Tho 1 officer seemed by 110 means disappointed, but entered into conversation in tho most tlcgagi manlier, and finally proposed to introduce mo to a young lady to whom he was paying liis addresses. I accompanied liim-in a cab some two or throe milos out of Maidstone, but whore I know not, and wo alighted at a little cottage, into tlio: parlor of which wo woro immediately shown by tho servant girl who oponod tlio door. Nobody was there. In a few minutest, young lady, cortainly not moro , than soventeon, made hor appearauco. I was introduced in tho approved fashion — 'Miss Nelson, Mr. Hamilton, — Mr. Hamilton, Miss Nelson.' I havo _ lie vor soon Miss Nelson sinco . that evening, but I retain a most livoly recollection of hor. She was good-looking, could sing charmingly, and had tho most ?fascinating manner imaginable. Wine was introduced, and although I dranlc only a couple of glasses, it had such an ofleot upon' 1110 that I found it im possible to koep my oyes open. Of the after events of that night I can remember but littlb. The noxt morning I awoke with a moat splitting hcadacho, and found myself in' my .- own room in tlio Royal Hotol. I 'jumped out of my bod and dreasod mysolf, and 011 examining my M, pockots I found that I had boon robbed of all my money except a solitary £10 note, which, being in a separate pockot, had , eithor. escaped notice or boon charitably left 1110 by tho thief. All thioves aro dread ful bad losers, I was no exception to the rulo, and I could liavo cried for very vexa tion. I rang tho boll, andaskodiho waitor how I camo homo tho previous night. Ho told 1110 thfit I was brought to tho hotel about one o'clock that morning ; that tlio gontloman who caino with mo in tho cab said I had finished two bottles of claret, and was sonsolessly intoxicated ; that I10 . and tho gentleman had carricd mo upstairs, and tlmt tho gontloman gavo him half a sovereign, tolling him to undress 1110 and got mo into bod. Of courso I saw in a inomout that it was a regular ' diamond out-diamond ' affair, and as talking would not bring my money back, I said nothing of my loss. 1 liavo soon the ' military officer ' since thou. Wo workod together in chaino in tho samo cart somo fow years ago, and I only recognized him by his tolling tho story of the ' young swoll at Maidntono ' for tho espeoial edification of mysolf and tho other oart parties. /- _ Having boon bo complotoly cloaned out, j it behoved ino to bucklo to at onco to ro- i plenish my empty pockots, and as my funds would not admit of any lengthy finessing schemes, T was compelled to com mence immodiate operations. That vory day, with tho steal of anciont Strabo, I mado mysolf completely mastorof tho geo graphy of tho placo, and boforo'night I not only know how all the rooms woro situatod, but had miido mysolf protty well acquainted wi th the sort of people by whom they wero tenanted. I know well onough that it is quite common for a well-drossed thief to toko apartments in an hotol and ' barbor ' all tlio inmat03 ; in otlior words, to got up in the night, visit all tho rooms, and stoal as much as possiblo. This, in technical languago, is called 'Dancing a lushing drum.' Philosophers dofino instinct as ' knowlodgo prior to oxporionco,' and as I certainly at that time was wholly without oxporionco in such matters, I must have boon under tho guidanco of tho inatinetivo faculty. ? I didn't go to bod that night, but moroly lay outsido tho bed reading. Tho book was of a moral and roligious charac ter, but it failed to influonco 1110 with its argumonts. By ono o'clock tho liouso was silent, and out I glided, liko a ghost. I folt a little norvoli3 on entering tho first room j but, dospito tho modol sys tom, I liavo boon remarkablo for good nerves on many a trying occasion, and 011 this first essay 111 tlio 'dancing' lino I was soon a3 cool as a cucumbor. It would be dull work tolling how I soarchod the clothes, mado my way to the drossing tablo, pocketed pulses, watches, chains, gold pins, and other articles that would produce ' monoy, and monoy in anyway.' / I visited four rooms, and then thought it time, to return to my own/ Tho noxt bedroom to that in whiclrl slept was un occupied, and with tlie pockotliandkor chiof of a commercial gentleman whom I had somewhat oxtonsivoly fleeced, I tied all the iwatohes, purses, otc., togethor, entored tho empty bedroom, and placed thom safely out of sight on a ledge up tlio chimnoy, keeping out a few sovereigns for my immediate u$o. ^.Having done this in a neat and workmanliko manner, I rotireil to bod. Aft eight o'clock I jumpod out of bed, slipped on my trousers, nnd thon rang tho bell violently. A waiter vory soon ap peared. ? ' Tell tho landlord I want him ; fetch tho polico, I liavo boon robbod in tlio night. Twenty-throe pounds and a pro missory noto for thirtoon, my studs and my pocket-book, all gono. Who could have done it ?' Tlie waitor didn't lot 1110 go to tho end of my sontenco, for ho ran to tlio landing and called out, 'Hero's No 7 has boon sorvod tho Bame.' Up came the landlord. Ho said I10 was Borry in tho oxtromo j ho couldn't con ceivo how tho thing could liavo been done. No I0S3 had over boon experienced in his liouso bofore. Ho Was Bjirry, very sorry. Tho polico had boon sint to inves tigate the matter, and ho hoped tlioy would Biiccoed in traoing tho robber. Four other gentlomon had been robbed also. Tho inspector of police caino shortly afterwards, and looked into tho rooms, and unrlor the beds, as if I10 thought tho thief might have takon a fancy to liavo a nap there, asked a variety of questions, took an inventory of tho property lost, and then wont away shaking his head and looking remarkably wise. I remained at tho hotol a week, gratis, for as 110 funds had arrived for ino I told tho landlord I should bo forced to leave my bill unsettled. Under tho circum stances tho landlord of courso could -not reasonably demur, and at tho week's end I left Maidstone, and pfocoeded by the coach to Chatham. , I need Bcarcely observo that I, had during the week removed the ' goods and chattels ' from tho chimney ledge, and convoyed thom to Chatlhuri without any foar of consequences. Suspicion fell upon tho ' military gentleman, for although not in tho liouso on tho night in quostion, he was well acquainted with tho promises, and his suddon disappearance was unaq countablo, otherwiso-than by connecting him with tlio' robbery. Thus was my own safoty seoured, and I at tlio same timo ' gratified a doublo grudge ' — against the world and against my particular antago-' nist. . Tho monoy result of my night's foray amounted to somo forty odd pounds — just sufficient to keep mo going while I Btruck out somo frosli schemo for victimis ing the world. CHAPTER XI. ' A aU.Ml'SE OF 11K1TE11 THINGS. The second night I was at .Chatham I visited tho theatre. A Miss Lee was to make hor appoartmco in tlie character of Juliet, and^a very protty representative of tho house of Capulct slio was. I re member well wit^i What' onorgy she vin dicated Romeo m'tho linos — ' ? lie was not born to shame: Upon his brow shamo is ashamed to sit ; For 'tis a throne where honor may be crowned . Sole monarch of the universal earth 1' I confess that I folt a boyish passion spring up in my bosom for this young girl, and I 3a t up a groat portion of the night com posing somo' complimentary ^vorsoa to her. I called tho noxt day on tho manager of the theatre, and obtained tho address of tho actress. I forwarded tho versos by post, intimating that I was but a more youth, and should bo glad personally to say to Miss Eeo how greatly I had been charmed by her acting. . ; I-recoived a reply tho next morning, thanking mo for tho versos, and contain ing an invitation to. toa for the ensuing evening, which was a non-performing night. ' : ' I purchased the handsomest copy of Shakespoaro I could iind.in tlio town, and ?the noxt ovoning duly^presonted mysolf at Miss Loo's residonee. I was received vory kindly by tho young lady's mother, who informed 1110 that her daughter Ellon would not bo able to join us until soven o'clock, having been summoned unexpectedly by tho manager of tho thoatro with tho viow of' permanently engaging hor. Tho mother was a perfect gontlowoman ; she told mo that Bliss Leo had from ohildhood evin ced a romarkablo enthusiasm for tho stago, but that it was with much roluct anco slio herself had consonted to her daughter's embracing tho theatrical pro fession as a means of livelihood. A little after sovon Ellon Leo caino home, and sho cordially thanked 1110 for tho voi'ses, declaring, liowovor, that they woro by far too complimontary. 1 pre sented hor with tho Shakospoare, and uttered somo nonsonso about recognizing in hor a genius fit to broatho life into tho boautiful creations of tho poet's master mind. A11 intimacy sprang up between us-— a truo and innocont friondshlp, which 1 look back to at this moment with melan choly pleasuro. Ellen Loo was only an nctrosB at a small provinoial theatre, but slio was boautiful, talontod, and flood. Sho gained upon my hearb evory day, and I I soon hud no secrots that; wero mino alone. _ Slio was my confossor, sho was my advisor ; and slio strove earnestly onough to bo tho good angol of my life, to save mo from my own wayward erring aolf. I used vory ofton to speak to hor about tho dangers nttonding hor own pro fession, and I romombor on ono of thoso occasions, sho ropliodin Opholia's words— ' I shall the effect of this good lesson keep, As watchman to my heart ; but, good to my brotbor, Do not, as Bome ungracious pastors do, Show me the steep ancl thorny way to heaven, And miss tho path thyself.' Tho lifo of guilt is, indeed, a dark, sad life 011 which tho sunsliino of happiness | can scarcely for a momont gleam in its unclouded brightness. Tho haunting m?mory of erimo flings a doop shadow on our path when joy would fain surround us with its light ; and as flowors of gladnoss spring up on our way thoy aro at onco blighted by tho cur3o of guilt, which is ovor present to tho wiclccd as an interdict to happiness. Thus it was with myself. I might liavo boon vory happ3r in tho society of Ellon Loo and hor mothor had I been but inno cont. But boing tho guilty thing I was, tlioro was always present an invisible hand to daili from my lips each cup of bliss boforo I could sip its promised sweetness. And I am sure — let 1110 write as lightly as I may — that thus it will over bo. Tlioro aro phantoms ovor 011 tho path of erimo which scare away tho roalities that offer happiness to tho hoart ! Y03; in thoso days Ellen Leo would liavo mado 1110 happy, if my own sinB had not mado 1110 wrotchod. She gavo mo a sister's love, and when tho darkest of all days oamo, then camo Ellen to comfort and as sist. My lifo has been moat guilty ; but still I have somutinies knelt in prayer to God, and thon I havo prayed that Ho who loves the pure in hoart would over keop Ellon Leo happy and good as when bIio first waudorod with 1110 -through tho Kentish woods noar Chatham, listening to my praises, and bolioving inc to bo as innocont as herself. - I passed at least four months at Chat ham, and as I lived tolerably frugally, and, in Ellon's soeioty, had no hoart for any new wickedness, I committod 110 fresh crime, but mado tho monoy I had pro cured at Maidstone answor all my pur poses. During tho period of my intimacy with tho Leea I had told Ellen the story of my lifo, requestinghor, liowovor, nottodivulgo anything connected with my history to her mother. Ellen cried bitterly at the recital of my sufferings and my sins, and implored me to lot tho past he tho past, and to commence lifo anew. I often had a desiro to do this ; but then that past had a powor over mo for over. Neither ro pontance nor amondmcnt could givo im munity for deeds committed. Ifowcvor, while iny monoy lasted, I did no vio lation to my feelings. I felt how much happier one could bo following good than pursuing ovil, and I refrained from obtain ing 'money, and monoy iu any way.' But whon I had only a pound or two loft in my pocket, I waB urged by tho devil within mo to renew my warfaro upon tho world. I bade Ellen and her mother good bye, telling them that I hoped in a fow weeks to have tho pleasuro of boing with them again. I did seo thom moro than once afterwards ; but tho Rtory, as it ad vances, will relate where. 1 loft Chatham with four pounds only, remaining to bogin business anew. The particular line of business I had not ^determined.' I hnd somo of tho trinkets 'which I had stolen at tho Maidstono Hotol by ine still, and those 1 converted into cash. I wont to Homo Bay, and on tho socond night of my arrival I ' danced' tho liotol whore 1 was stopping to tho tune of twenty-five pounds, a small amount, but sufficient to koep 1110 in cash for tho timo being. It was while staying at Home Bay that' I met with nn ad vortisomont in tho London Times which had boon insortod by my father. It moroly stated that nothing had been hoard of 1110 since I went to Bea, and that if I was still in England I was to write or go homo immediately, tho ad dress boing given. I wroto a letter to my mothor, tolling hor I could liotcomohomo — that I had beon a bad boy, that tlioro was no home for mo in tho future ; that I should liko to havo a lottor from hor, which sho could direct to my own naino at the post offico, Horno Bay. My mothor accordingly wroto 1110 a long oloquent lottor ; alio soomod as I road tho letter, to bo speaki»g to mo again as sho usod to speak to mo whon I walked by her side when I was a child. But it wa3 usoless. Tlie old deep earnest oloquonco was tlioro, but alas! tho heart to which it was ad dressed was changed for ovor. My mothor implored mo to return homo ; she told mo thoy could sond me to school again for a couple of years, as thoy woro in business and doing well ; and sho felt quito Buro, she said, that I could havo dono nothing vory bad, only some boyish wildness which my own feelings exaggerated. In reply to this communication I wroto a moro oxplicit lottor, and sent my mothor somo verses. Tho lottor, which was a vory long one, 1 cannot romombor. Tho vorso3 'havo clung to my memory, so I givo thom : — Mother 1 darling mother, you are seeking me I know, And I feel thy lOvo will follow through the world where'er! go ?, But I cannot corao. dear mothor i I am sadly altered now; The once fair wreath of innocence that gar landed my brow ' Has faded ne'er to bloom again ; and from tho things of yore— The fair, tho good,' the beautiful— I'm severed ovormore. My onward way must be a path oE darkness and of pain, But I muBt tread It att-aloue— I cannot come again. Of all the changes tlint.have come, I know that this will bo, Where all the cbangcs'have been sad, the saddest change to thee. / . I know how much thon'lt Weep, mother, for thy dear boy so lost, And 'tis tho sorrow thou must feel that makes me sorrow most. . ' I strove against this darker fate, I struggled, mother, long, I starved and suffered months} mother, ore I was linked to wrong i And oven now good angels plead to win me — butin vain! Once fallen is for ever lost— I cannot come again. . I'm Bcvored'frotn thee by my sin, but cannot say 'forget,'' ? Thy love is such a hallowed thing,. I ask it oven yet; Hut lot it bo a memory that ' images all fair /The child that with uplifted hands in faith knelt by thy chair. , Think of me, mother, as I was, wln.11 j -y lit up my brow And ray young heart was innocent, but not as I am now. Pray for mo. This I know thou'lt do ; but seek me not, 'tis valnl I'd throw a Bhadow on thy home— I cannot como again. They say that in tho desert drear some green ness may bo found, Some oasis in contrast strange to all tho waste around, And even thus, within my heart, guiltdark ened though it be, There is a lovo all beautiful, that lives and clings to thoc. I'm weeping very bitterly, ? I cannot help theso tears, They are tho tribute memory pays to joys of fleeted years. Good-bye 1 6od bless theo, mother dear I I sorrow for thy pain. Oh 1 if 1 were but innocent, I'd gladly come again. I distinctly stated in tho lottor that it would bo utterly useless again writing to mo as I ivaa on tho ovo of setting out for a distant part of tho country. This was quito true, for tlio noxt morning I loft Horno Bay, and wont again to Maidstono. I went with a sad hoart, thinking of all tho grief my mothor would snfferon my account. She had been audi a good mother to mo ; and I seemed to seo her looking down upon 1110 with hor full lustrous oyes, and fondly kissing 1110 and pointing to all tho beauti ful things so largely scattered by tho hand of God through all tho univorso — just as sho used to do in tho oldon days when I was hor darling boy, in whoso future all her hopes and dreams wero controd. And what a future that has beon ! Bottor, mothor, to havo seen me laid whon I was innocont in somo quiet churchyard, whoro in summer ovoninga you could have visited tho little gravo that hold my body with full assurance that my spirit had winged its flight to Heaven ! What sorrow, wretchedness, and suffer ing havo fallon to my lot my own heart knows only. My outward misery has been great ; but thoro has somotimos boon on inward torture still more droadful to en dure. Thou art in Heavon. my mother ! and by tho inoroasod light of thy angel knowledge thou can'st road this heart of mino as mortals'rcad it not. Thou wilt know thon, that I havo struggled against tho ovil prompting of- my nature ; that I havo aorrowod much for tho grief that I havo occasioned theo ; that at this mo mont tho good -voice is pleading within me and tho good angel sits watching noar my heart. Mother [ if spirits above can strengthen tho struggling spirits on earth, atrengthon thou mo, so that tho voice speak not in vain, and tho vigil of the angol bo not lost. But alas ! what hope of boing good have I ? It is likoly that yeara and yoars ago, in that journoy to Maidstono, I felt a transient repontanco, a momentary yearning for tho good ; that I wopt, that I prayed ; and that soon afterwards I re signed mysolf to wickedness, and was, without compunction, Booking ' money, and monoy in any way.' Alas for the in consistency of human naturo ! alas for tho wrotchod woakuoss ot good inten tions ! alas for the worthlossno3s of holy desiros disassociated from tho persistent,1 enorgy which ever labours for their fruition. (To he continued.) 