THEATRE ROYAL. THE childlike and Bland Holt has returned to Melbourne with his hair comparatively cut, and a play superlatively sensational. It is called " A Run of Luck," and will probably stand a lucky run judging by the way the sitting capacity of the Theatre Royal is tested nightly. "A Run of Luck" points a sporting prophet's plethora of " morals," and adorns any number of tales—both naughty and nice. The authors of the play have followed their old recipe of concoction. They have taken so many ounces of virtue, and so many pounds of vice, and mixed them. They have then stirred in a liberal dash of "The Flying Scud," two villains, a reformed squire whose wild oats spring up to choke his autumn pathway, a pack of real hounds, half-a-dozen racehorses, and finally they have flavoured the whole with a number of fashionably-dressed female no- we-nevermention-them by way of spice suited to the most pronounced palate. When the pudding has been mixed they have wrapped it up in " cloths" furnished by the best painters, and allowed it to simmer for four acts. When it is done and served up it forms a dish to suit all palates. You can take just whichever portion agrees with your particular digestion—a slice from the suet pudding of virtue on the top, or a spicy chunk from the lower half to which the naughty "plums " have sunk. There is no compulsion. You feast on struggling virtue if you will, or you pays your money and you takes your vice. Business commences briskly. We have just time to admire one of Gordon's beautiful English " sets" of country scenery with glowing flowers in the foreground, looking so natural that you can almost scent their perfume, and in the background a pool of still water as calm, placid and unruflled as a Premier gobbling up another portfolio. The locality is the residence of John Copsley, the trainer, and to show that there is no deception, the half-dozen racers are taken across the stage as a sort of appetiser to the audience to make them wait and see the circus in the last act. John Copsley, the trainer, has a belltopper, plucked before it was ripe, on his head, and drab shirtcuffs over his ankles, so that there can be no doubt that he is a trainer, but when he doffs his condensed belltopper. and takes off the drab anklets, he is known as W. H. Leake. The trainer has an adopted son. a genuine daughter named Daisy, and a much prized filly also named Daisy. The two Daisies appear to be about even favourites in the affections of everybody. The adopted son, Harry Copsley, is in love and wants to marry Daisy, the girl not the filly, and old Copsley smiles on his suit, probably because he would sooner part with Daisy the girl than with Daisy the filly. It is a halcyon time for Harry, who, it may be mentioned, is Mr. George Rignold. He comes in to loud applause, and looks regal in a light sac coat that shows off his fine figure when he is retiring up the stage, for it comes " thus far unto the breeches " as the royal jumper of Henry V. The lime-light of love and luck shine brightly upon George, and even the remembrance of Forlonge's dog seems to cast no shadow over his life. " Poor youth, you foresee not your future of trouble, Your love your ambition, how vain ; The bliss that you dreamed of, a vanishing bubble, And your cottage a castle in Spain. The spirit of Forlonge's dog cannot be laid with twenty pounds. It is abroad, seeking, like the ghost of Hamlet's father, for some one to act as an avenger. The chosen ones are Captain Trevor (Mr. G. R. Ireland), Charlie Sandown (Mr. Bland Holt), and their innocent dupe, the squire's son, George Selby (Mr. Herbert Flemming). Things begin to get mixed. George Selby wants Daisy Copsley, Mabel Selby (George's cousin) wants George, and the squire wants George to have Mabel ; Ireland wants Mabel because she is rich, and Charlie Sandown wants all and everything he can lay his hands on, because—well, we suppose because he is built that way. George Ireland knows George Rignold's weakness, and twits him with not being of gentle birth. "I am by birth a gentleman," cries George R with his hand high up on his breast, and his accent still higher on the gent. G. I. informs G. R. that his mother was a mistress. G. R. retorts that G. I. is another, and is about to go for the traducer, but doesn't. Instead he goes to Bill Leake, his foster-father, and William, with the edge of his voice newly set to tell the rasping tale, unfolds one whose lightest word would harrow up thy soul, &c.;—Hamlet. George Rignold listens whilst a torrent of emotions gurgles in his throat, floods his eyes, and threatens to burst that tightly-buttoned sac coat, and make it a thing of shreds and patches. With a desperate effort he keeps the buttons on, but cannot help getting his hair off. "And my father—the man who basely deserted my mother—who is he ? What is his name ?" Just at this moment the majestic Augustus Glover, who, as Squire Selby, is strolling around admiring himself, walks in, whereupon the trainer exclaims— " There is the man !" This knocks George Rignold all of a heap, and soon after he strikes an attitude so full of repressed emotions that the act-drop comes down just before the buttons burst and tell the terrible tale that he has no waistcoat on. Here endeth the first mixture. We don't know whether all this is very clear to the reader, but it's just as pellucid as we can make it. We haven't told half the complications of the first act. We could have explained, as it really is in the play, that the Majestic One's mistress—that is Harry Copsley's mother—was the trainer's sweetheart, and that he adopted another man's child for the old love he bore the mother. We could have written how the vicar's daughter, Jenny Watt-Tanner, was a saint in the country and a sinner in London, and how Kate Bishop as Daisy Copsley in a charming pink frock—but as the incidents are strong so we are merciful. We have sat and followed all the plots and rumours of plots in that first act, but we seek no revenge on the reader. We will suffer in secret. To proceed with this fifteen puzzle: Copsley's all is sold up. Everything goes to the hammer except his hat and ankle cuffs. These he is allowed to retain, probably because no one else would wear them, or possibly that without them he might catch cold from the chilly wind of adversity which is now beginning to blow a gale around him. George Selby buys Daisy the filly, and engages old Copsley FLOWER AND VEGETABLE. Daisy and THE Leake. as trainer, whilst Daisy, the girl, is entrapped into taking a situation in London as companion to a lady whose chief characteristics are a doubtful character, a very long train, very fair hair and an indescribable voice. In London Daisy Copsley changes her pink frock for a white satin ball-dress, and. then discovers that she is in what is a fast place for females and an equally " tight" place for the other sex. She is drugged—a new and original idea—by the lady with the fair hair and the indescribable voice. George Selby, not very sober, comes upon the scene, and just when the audience expect Herbert Flemming to repeat his "Harbour Lights" business, Daisy, who is only giddy up to now, appeals to Herbert to be a man, and, with the greatness of genius, he completely disguises himself, and hands her over to the protecting care of the country-vicar's-daughter-London-demi-mondaine. The two women escape half-way through the window and then considerately wait there to allow the subtle poison to do its deadly work, ha, ha, ha ! and the scene to revolve, showing a view in Regent's Park, in which Gordon paints some more water—not still this time, but sweetly rippling in the moonlight, as like nature as an artistic brush and the man behind the scene working the apparatus can make it. The plot, and the sensation thicken. The villain of the piece led by the fair- haired lady, is just about to regain possession of the insensible body of Daisy, when Herbert Flemming, with his manhood still fiercely glaring out of his lustrous orbs, rushes in and snavels some of George Rignold's lime light by shouting out, "I'll fell the first man to earth that touches her." But he doesn't. The authors won't have any wrestling ; they only let the characters talk big. Herbert doesn't prosaically knock anybody down, much less poetically fell them to earth. Nothing fell, except the act drop, amidst the excited enthusiasm of the gods. We trust we are making this plot thoroughly clear. Our object is that the reader shall see the various threads as plainly and unconfusedly as the authors did, and we feel sure we are succeeding. Act 3 gives the Majestic Glover his opportunities. That unhappy squire listens to the voice of nature and George Rignold. The latter proves by documentary evidence and an Act of Parliament that the Majestic One was lawfully married to his supposed mistress, and that he, the elder son, is—er —legitimate. The two Majestic ones embrace and the Majestic Father hurries through the business as he is going hunting. The huntsmen on the aforesaid racers ride across, and one of the racers is brought saddled for the Majestic Glover. But the M. G. is not a Professor Sample, and after a couple of vain attempts to mount he majestically waves the groom to bring the horse after him and stalks grandly off, right upper entrance, to see if Mr. Property-man Pitt has got a step- ladder. A grand pack of hounds fill the stage and go hunting in the wings. Mr. Rignold does not join in the hunt. He does not care to follow the hounds. Dog, at two tenners per dog, delights him not; he does not even smile as they pass by. Remorse the punish- ment, his sin has found him out. The Majestic Glover, who should have gone out on a horse, but went out on foot, comes back on a shutter. He has been thrown from his horse (query step-ladder) and so seriously injured that his thoughtful fellow-huntsmen, for some inexplicable reason, take of his coat before trussing him on the shutter. They seem to think he ought to die, so they give him every chance of exposure on a "frosty hunting morning." The villains of the piece again rise like scum to the surface to draw their plunder from George Selby, but Henry V.'s sac coat and flashing eyes confront them. " If the squire dies," he thunders, " you will get nothing. For I am the eldest son of Squire Selby. I am the heir of Selby Hall." The fourth act finishes this fearfully and wonderfully made up history. It may be fairly said to impoverish, if not utterly beggar, description. The spectator's brain swims as he vainly endeavours to follow it. Daisy the girl sinks into insignificance, and Daisy the filly becomes the star of the act, and upon the plotting and counter-plotting as to whether she may or may not run for the Steward's Cup, at Goodwood, the finale turns. The filly is spirited this way and that, hauled from stables and in and out of railway stations in a most bewildering fashion. As if to utterly upset the reason of the playgoer, the Majestic Glover, who was supposed to be as dead a head as a dramatic critic, turns up as hale, hearty, stiff and majestic as ever. Then the fashionable ladies—with doubtful character— get to the lawn at Goodwood, of which Mr Brunton has painted a pretty set, and everybody else in the play, the just and the unjust alike, come here too. The jockeys are weighed whilst the gallery boys recognising the colours call the names of the local carriers thereof. " Hallo, Ringmaster ?" " Brayvo, Leporello !" " Tommy Corrigan, how are you ?" There is fierce excitement as the racers sweep across the stage and Daisy, the filly, wins the Stewards' Cup, Daisy, the girl, wins her own true and now unmistakably legitimate lover, Herbert Flemming transfers his affections to Mabel, The Glover smiles majestically on all, every man is used according to his desserts, and the now helpless playgoer is led from the circle by Mr. Bucirde and lias his head held under the tap until his scattered senses are persuaded to return to his cooled brain, But what is plot so long as you're happy ? The piece gives to each one of a long list of characters some little opportunity for display, and in every case that opportunity is made the most of. Magnificently mounted, superbly dressed, and as we have already said, as full of sensation as the most hungry of excitement lovers could desire, it will, no doubt, run for many weeks to come and leave a profit sufficient to permit Bland Holt to get his hair cut to the bone if he can summon up courage to risk a cold. We are just going out to Kew to have our intellect repaired after the first night's struggle with the plot. When in the course of a few weeks the doctor will have sewn up the rents in our brain, we may risk seeing the play again, and then we may say something about the acting in detail of " The Run of Luck." Our medical adviser, Dr. Beaney, says that we mustn't think of doing so at present. The shock has been too much for our nervous system, and to use his own graphic prescription for us we " must give it a rest." Our address, therefore, will, until further notice, be " Kew Asylum—resting." THE LIFE OF an M P.—An M.P. deploring the evil effects of London habits on the health, said that were it not for the American Co.'s Hop Bitters he could not live through with the irregular hours he was forced to keep. Said he : " As soon as I feel weak and exhausted from long night sessions and meals at irregular hours, I resort to my Hop Bitters instead of stimulants. They regulate my bowels and keep my appetite good, my brain clear, and my strength and health are preserved. " See 