For the Young Folk. ;; Parley's Speculations. BY MABY Draam. PAST I. / (From "Harper's Young People.) . Ihe beginning of it all was when Farmer - Giddings gave Perley & rooster, a hen- and" their youthful daughter, a lank, long-legged, half-grown chicken. -"Being as it's "the 22nd of February, you might call 'em George and Martha "Washing ton and the Hatchet," suggested Mr. Gid dings. . Perley accepted the gift with mingled grati- ' tude and disapproval. He sat eyeing the scrawny group gloomily, until the Hatchet lurched suddenly forward to catch a belated - winter fly; upon which George gave vent to a melancholy crow, and Martha cackled hoarsely. Perley5® face brightened. " I'll make some thing out of you yet, you wretched skeletons," said he, with energy. And indeed, in less than a month, plenty of . j corn and grain and Indian meal had wrought a miracle. George became plump and shining; his wattles waxed fierce and red. The Hatchet grew fat and spry. As for Martha, she began to lay eggs at a famous rate. "One-two-6ix-ten; I declare there are a dozen eggs," counted Perley. "Now we'll begin business." So early the next morning he appeared at Squire Allen's door. " I thought, Mrs. Allen," began Perley, when that rosy, happy-faced lady came to greet - . him, " I thought maybe you'd buy eggs of mo this spring. Eggs are 25 cents a dozen at the stores; but I like to go on another basis.' Snpposel bring you at least a dozen eggs every other Saturday. If I bring them promptly, you give me 30 cents; if my hen doesn't come up to time, why, you only give me 20 cents a dozen. Maybe I'll make 5 cents and you'll lose; maybe you'll make. and I'll loee. Speculation, yeu see. Can't we trade?" Mrs. Allen, being very obliging, and' also fond of her lively young neighbour, " traded/' For two months she bought Perley's eggs, and the balance was nearly even. Martha was diligent and attentive to her business; so if she fell ah«rt one fortnight, she amply made up in the next. If Perley cam* crestfallen with only six eggs on one Saturday, he was sure to appear with a dozen and a half before long. - Trade flourished and decreased, and Perley was either jubilant or in trouble. Still, it was exciting. More so, he was sure-yes, far more interesting than to sell his eggs at the regular market value, and run no risks. " Begin with eggs, end with railroads and bank stock," mused Perley. "Speculation's the business for me." But suddenly a dire calamity befell. Night after night there was confusion in the hen house; a hubbub; evidently a battle; for more than once Perley found broken eggs and scat tered feathers. Who or what was the enemy? In vain Perley tried to discover. The affair became very serious. Trade languished woefully by reason of those broken eggs. At last, one moonlight evening, when Perley was on the watch, a pretty black and white creature was seen creeping slyly along. At first Perley thought it a kitten, but a strong odour came, wafted or the breeze. " If it were only a fox or a weazel," groaned Perley; " but to be robbed by a " Perley set a trap. The shrewdest sinner of the genus m*phitis walked round it and over it, but never into it. Perley tried poison. The: wily thief sniffed at it, and broke two extra eggs to pay for the insnlt, while-oh, misery! -George was found next morning stiff and stark, having pecked at the strychnine and given up tha ghost. In rage and despair Perley caught the afflicted.: Martha under one arm, tucked Hatchet under the arm, and marched to Mrs. Allen. " It's no use," said he, bitterly. "You must raise yourowa eggs, ma'am. If you'll give, me a dollar and a-half you can have both these fowls." Mr3. Allen had the softest heart in the world,; so the money was placed in Perley's hand. _ He was walking slowly home therewith, and think ing how he should miss the fun of "trade," especially now when his gains were growing faster than his losses, when he met Billy O'Gruffer ty coming round a corner nibbling a .pea-nut. . . 'Now Perley had a speaking acquaintance j with Master O'Grafferty, as opposing generals ! may recognise and respect one another for mutual courage and prowess. Billy was the leader of the Irish gentry of O'Grafferty Court, between whom and the high school boys was a good-natured but perpetual warfare. Perley was the uptown captain, and many were the hand-to-hand tussles he had had with the hard-fisted Billy. But as they were equal in point of bruises and valaur, Perley could afford a gracious "How are you?" and Billy was prompt with his equally condescending "Hullo ! - have a pay-nut ?" ""Where did you get them?" asked Perley, seeing that Billy's pockets "were full to over flowing. 7 ." Captain Bvles's ship's in. Down to Emery's W'arfl He's got a bag o' nuts. Giving of'em away, he is 1'" . Perley's mind give a quick jump this way and 'that way, and he. was rushing toward Emery's Wharf. ? ?What could be the secret which Perley was pouring into Captain B^les's ear, and which made the jolly captain throw back his head and roar with merriment? Then Perley would catch the captain's vest button and 'sageriy whisper something more, and again tha wharf would fairly ring with peals- of laiigntfr. "I shall double my capital is no ended Perley. "Come now, captain." " Bless my soul! " shouted the captain. "fDouble mv capital tf YV'eU, you be a i-Vvn voir.nrstcr. Not another uut shall you boys *iaTe- Off "with you. Trade's the word; .peculation's the idea.-Ha! ha! ha-a-al?,~ There was more mystery yet; there was a canvas .bag; ^tiiero was a rattlingof inuts; .here was a slipping of three fifty-cent. pieces Captain Byles's pocket; there was a hurried 'Good luck to you!" and Perley was running off as fast as he had coine, leaving-the-'captain to rub his hands and chuckle. "Sharp little chap! Ha! ha!;ha-a-a!" The very next day, as dusk carae on, Mrs. Paine was coming homo laden with ? bundles from a shopping expedition, when the flare of an oil torch met her eyes. fresh, hot pea-nuts?" . Th«? voice sounded familiar, and what should ineet her bewildered gaze but the face and form of her own son behind a shabby deal table at the corner of the street J There he stood, in shrill accents exhorting the passers to "Buy my pea nuts-ten cents a quart I" "Perley Paine, what are you doing ?" Perley started, blushed, hesitated. "Why, .filling pea-nuts, mother. I bought them cheap.^ (Excuse me. Pea-nuts did you say, canny.? One pint r Five cents ? Callagain.) Captain Bylcs sold me fifty quarts for one dollar fifty. I soil them at-(Oh, Judge Western! Two quarts? Yes, sir; thank you. Trade is brisk)- at ten cents a quart, mother. Tdgainthree dollars and a-half if Ididn'thave to pay Billy O'Rafferty fifty cents for roasting them in his oven and tending shop. Usually I * only keep the books. To-night Billy has the toothache; so I take ten cents, off iis regular pay for absence. He says it's mean; I say it's business. The whole affair's . a speculation, mother; for if the regular pea-nut inan on Congress street finds me out, he'll lower ; his price, and that's the end of me. ^rs- Paine walked slowly, home, shaking her. head. Should she stop Parley's wild scheme ? But she was a wise woman. "The boy must learn by experience; and he's his father's son. I'll trust him." So the only kept her eyes wide open, but said no word, even when at the end of; a week,. Perley came homo with a severe cold and .clung throat. "Bufc it's worth it, mother,"; he cried trmmphantly. " I've cleared two dollars and amety cents. That's nearly as muoh as . I hoped. The regular pea- nut man got wind of and the boys came to jeer over me, but I mapped jay fingers at them and showed them mJempty bag." Hd bore, the discomfort of his sore throat bravely, and said not a word of complaint when a whole night he lay awake feverish and ilL But a hotter fever than any mere, cold could bring was in Parley's veins-the fever which has consumed many an older and wiser person. His mother was somewhat amazed when, a few days later, as the ladies of the church "guild" where planning for a little sale, Perley drew her one side and whispered, "Persuade them to have it in Fluent Hall, won't you r" " But why in "Fluent Hall?" "It's a-speculation," answered Perley. "I knew people would bo having fairs and 60ciablee, so Mr. Fluent and I are in partner ship, mother. I'll let that hall to you for 10 dollars, mother! Ah, now, do say * yes.' " Mrs. Paine looked troubled, but her boy's face was so eager that Ehe only said, aloud tki« time, "You aro your father's son, Perley; remember that I shall trust you." Perley had gone to Mr. Fluent wi h a small green bank-book in his hand. Said he-" My uncle John put 100 dollars in the bank for mo. He told me the day might come when 100 dollars would do me a deal of good. The day has come. Will you rent your hall to me for that sum, if I take it for four months? You can hold the book, Mr. Fluent." But Mr. Fluent could drive a bargain as well as his questioner. " Call it 120, and give me 20 dollars down in cash, and you shallliave the hall," said he. Twenty dollars down ? Where could. Perler ruse 20 dollars ? But the very idea of. dealing no longer in pennies, nor even in five-dollar schemes, but actually in the twenties,, even in a hundred dollars, fired Perley'a imagination. S* he made a certain journey to Fore streutr, but never a word did he breathe at home in, regard to his pretty silver watch, which h£had*left in the dirty hands of Isaac Schryver, the pawn broker. . But soon another worry swallowed up the fear that his mother should notice the watch's ab sence, inquire its whereabouts." Fiuent Hail must bs~ rented at least 12 times to give him back his money. It would be-a sorrow day it ever he had to draw his 100 dollars out of the lank. One would think that he .. would have accepted his uncle John's offer of 20 dollars for taking charge of his furnace this coming winter; but Perley had loftier bcheaies than mere drudgery. In the first place he was full of n plan for two "exhibitions."- Xotthat he himself meant to take part, but if he could persuade his class mates to act a couple or plays and raise money for a new piano, what place so well adapted for the performance as Fluent Hall? He could be his own door-keeper, ami so, first and fore most, secure each night his own ten dollars. One morning in November Mrs. Paine J wondered at seeing a be vy of boys perching on her fence and clustering rbnnd her doorsteps. She recognised Master O'Grafferty and several of his cronies among the number. "Fifteen cents apiece, and mind you're on hand bright and early," f-he heard Perley say. All the-lads tang out "Ay! ay!" while Billy added, "We'll lave the* fightin' for a more convaynient s'ason, Perley. Can't be a-liittin' of the boss, ye know." " Mrs. Paine raised her eyebrows inquiringly as Perley came into the room, and that worthy replied with a nod Speculation, mother. Eight gentlemen have promised me the shovelling of the snow from' their sidewalks for the tna*on. Six dollars apiece." "But you can't shovel eight sidewalks in season after every fetorm." . "Of course I can't, sweet mamma. That's the very point. Didn't you hear Billy call mo the bow? Those eight ch;»ps are my menials. Ijiay thorn lo ceuU for every job. If it's an open winter, I make money. If the snow comes oftefc, bo tauch. the worse forme." ....... "Oh, Jterley! Perley!" cried his mother, f* The risk1 ; " It's the risk that*s tho Very marrow of it all !" cried Perley^ abd off he went to argue with Harvey t>anforth, and persuade him to take part in the exhibition which the 6chool boys and girls had consented to give. It would be most trying if Harvey refused to act, for the Danfdrds were leading members of the Unitarian Society, who weretoghe a series of coffee parties. If Harvey consented to speak " Spartacus to the Koman Envoys," Harvey's gruwn- up sister would como to rehearsal. She would thus see what a capital place Fluent Hall would be for-coffee parties. You perceive that there were wheels within wheels in the machinery which Perley was trying to manage. Alas! these same wheels refused to work smoothly. When Perley came home that evening his face was as black as a thunder* cloud. Most unfortunately his plans regard ing tho coffee parties had leaked out, and Harvey Danforth had turned upon him like a flash. Ci So that is tho reason you have* been wheed ling me to do * Spartacus/ and making believe I was a second Booth. I would be ashamed to pull wires in that fashion. They are going to have their coffee parties in parlours, so you need not hang round me with your soft speeches." Everyone knew that Harvey Danforth was an ill-natured boy; but none the less Perley was nearly beside himself at the insult, and his temper was perhaps hardly soothed by finding, when he awoke the next morning, that die air was thick with snow-flakes. [To le continued.) 