NEEDLES = Short, Sharp, Shiny. Forty boats lost. Chrysanthemums. Russia intriguing. A ghost at Cradock. Archbishop Reynolds. Bookunda Creek haunted. That is an intelligent ghost. Taylor scored one last night. The famous sunbeam coming. Ameer appealing to England. Dreadful pearl fishing disaster. The G.O.M. to Parnell'a rescue. We congratulate Dr. Reynolds. O, where is friend Riemers now? Real spirit-knocking in the north. The totalizator is not crashed yet. The Australian mail service settled up. Ten inches of rain on Monkira station. A "willy willy " is a terrible customer. The eight hours delegates have returned. Lord and Lady Brassey will soon be here. Mr, von Doussa going on with his appeal. Why oppose the idea altogether, Mr. Cox? Have a look at the beautiful flowers to-day. The hallelujah lasses would not "shut up." Melbourne banks are declaring satisfactory divs. Perkins, the sculler, coming out to Aus- tralia. Mr. Rounsevell sold his greyhounds in Mel- bourne. England will have to interfere amongst the turbans. Wellington central post-office succumbed to fire fiend. Labor from the other colonies is flooding into Melbourne. Canadian Parliament condemned the Irish Crimes Bill. The Tiser commended by the Port Adelaide Corporation. Mr. Jones off directly to value squatters' improvements. About 450 lives lost off the coast of north- west Australia. Most of the lost pearl boats were owned in Yv est Australia. A ghost at Boolcunda has '' rapped" afamily out of their hut. What have colonial Parliaments to do with Eritish politics? Applications coming in for grazing and cultivation blocks. The Czar wants to set up Ayoub Khan on the Afghan throne. Clark and Rolfe must get tired of keeping each other company. The Pacific cable would considerably affect our telegraph revenue. Mr. Hardt expects to be appointed as the re presentative of Austria. The Rev. Mr. Honner presented rather a comprehensive resolution. Mr. Pender says the tariff of 4s. for the pro- posed Pacific cable is absurd. Australian Mortgage Company have de- clared a dividend of 10 per cent. Gladstone says his friend Parnell was horri- fied at the Phœnix Park outrage. N.S.W. is beginning to receive her war material ordered by King Dalley. Will Taylor be able to keep land nationalisa- tion out of the scheme of the committee? Why spend immense capital on a Pacific cable when communication already exists? The P. & O. and Orient Companies likely to come to terms with the Australian colonies. The English and Scottish Bank has pur- chased nearly 11,000 ounces of Teetulpa gold. The streets are intended for the use of the citizens, and not for howling dervishes to howl in. Bizzy will release Schnaebell if it can be shown that he was enticed into German terri- tory. Local clergymen are receiving some of the new appointments in the Roman Catholic Church. London newspapers beginning to think that the colonies are of some use to the mother country. ttir. iCirkpatrick has a high opinion of the Way they cairy out the eight hours demonstra tion in the hub. The weavers in the employ of Messrs. Richards, Broadford Works, Aberdeen, number- ing 700, struck work, owing to the refusal of the form to grant an increase of 5 per cent. in wages. The senior member for Stockton, in the House of Commons, is Mr. L. J. Jennings, at one time editor of the New York Times. He is an ardent believer in Lord Randolph Churchill. Bishop Moorhouse, of Manchester, late Bishop of Melbourne, has started a jubilee fund of £30,000 in the diocese over which he presides, for the superannuation of aged and infirm clergy. The Kirbo Valley in Upper Burmah has been annexed to the British territory. It is expected that this step will have the effect of pacifying the country watered by the Upper Chindwin River. The Duke and Duchess of Connaught are expected home for the June celebration of the Jubilee. All the Queen's children and grand- children will be present in Westminster Abbey at the thanksgiving. A new mode of lighting is on trial at the Marlborough Rooms, London. A small gas flame has an ordinary lamp glass over it, and over this is suspended a small muslin skirt im- pregnated with uncombustible oxide. The gas flame lays hold of these, and the result is an enormous increase of illuminating power. The light is white and smokeless. Mr. John Patterson, of Calrossy, Tamworth, has this year grown the Heart grape with great success. The grape, which is for the table, is so-called from its shape, and is of very large size and magnificent appearance. The taste is exquisite, like the best Muscat; and the bunches on Mr. Patterson's vines vary in weight from four ounces to two pounds. Parnell's power, said a London journal, is almost wholly due to his force of restraint. He has absolute control over his temper, and never "lets himself go." The leader of a race famed for jovial wit, passionate oratory, and reckless abandon, he never made a joke in his life. He is a cold, unimpassioned calculator, who holds himself in reserve even with his intimates, and whose oratory has never been relieved by a single burst of passionate fervor. He is the mystery man of modern politics. The Birmingham Gazette publishes the fol- lowing letter, which has been addressed by Mr. Ruskin to a Cumberland gentleman who had communicated with him respecting the Ambleside railway project:—"Brantwood, C'oniston, Lancashire, March 1, 1887. My Dear Sir—I do not write now further con- cerning railroads here or elsewhere. They are to me the loathsomest form of devilry now extant, animated and deliberated earthquakes, destructive of all wise social habit or possible natural beauty, carriages of damned souls on the ridges of their own graves.—Ever faith- fully yours, JOHN RUSKIN." 