THE, '.OUUXG( FOLKS' ,bowot.tatft and:egraflatioaSoUrem l 'geie and 'lamg with' sehe' gay ''yetrmy ,k'hre fenull of biter soow ad temoese and ..Alihoulh to supereal onberver: my' lot ts'seimed a bnl bt adfoandrtunate on,,, there is one day of mlife, o f which thls-veryday ?,bhe annivorsary, which byi ems a darke shadow over all my fatdrel ' and uy soul from out that shadow shll beolifted, ever It was my fourtclnth birthday, a brighoand lovely day in oarly autsmn, and i honouor of the occalon my two favourite friends, Julire -and ulily, were invaitd to spend the whole -" wlth me, withbolin. h, d eas my tea in Sbhow haippy w we re l rWe had teo the garden-a uamptuoua repaut to which we did ample justice.' Theo we rambler about the sepacious.enclcoure. pickint fruit and towers to our hearta' content. " I remember Julia aihd:Emily:mde.a lovely wreath and crowned me with it; declueing I wit to be their queen. 'Don't be picking all my fruit and Ibseers, s laie,' said old John the gardener; Swe only le ubd at him. LAdftet?wrdl a. the evening grew chilly, we entered the boouse, and sitting round the fire, amused orhelvese rsut by talking about friends, and then telling stories. One led on toanother, and at lat we esWayed to frighten eah other by rltig the moslt ruoeoms ghost itorher wr could think of. -l - After. a.time Juli eaid suddenly, 'How thoughtfully you look, Katie; i thinkl I urightened you with that laet story of -mine.' 'Nosense,' eatn I; a but I have thought of uomething smtsing. Will yoo and E?tily eave the room for five minutes while I hide myself r An fish-or rather, I should ray, a dlabolic.l--idea had entered my behn, for I now firmly believe it we an inspirstion; of 'the evil one. When the two girls had left me, I ex. tlngulehed all the lights, and, drawing up the blinds, let a flood of moonlight into the room. It weu a mpacious apartment, full of nooks and corners, which threw dark shadows over a great portion of it. A door opened on the .garde, and a large elm tree growing near the sorue waved its weird-like branches against the window.pane. The room-looked uncanny ; the shadows auransumed groteque-.hsapes, and the moon. light which streamed in at the window, com. hined with the light from the fire, made theee slem more grotesque. My heart almoet failed me, but I was reolved to-carry out my dea- it;would be such funo, I thought. 'Seloetin a dunk corner, where only a few sars of fUickering moonlight fell I laid myself down fill length on the iboor, and rigidly soretchingout my limb, and folding my hands, assoumd the. appearance o death..-- . I remember I caught a glimmering ref ec. tion of myself in themirror opposite, and was b?a.unstartled nd anclined to relinquish my d urpoo when I saw it Ah if I bad only "tned to my glood angel; bat. the hand of late wee on me, and I was destined to carry out to the bitter end her fell behest. To add an additional honor to my appear. ance, I took two pennies out of my pocket and placed one over each eye. -The-five minutes noon-presed, and then I 'beard Julia and- Emily. enter the room. f-ow strange.' they both exclaimed; ' he 'bee put outnithe lights.' '.Ifeel rather frightened,' said Emily, who wau the most timid; 'the room louks so ,gloomy.' 'Oh, nonsense,' replied Julia. ' It was very clever of her to put onut the light, it will he more fun to find her. You go and look _under the sofas and chairs, while I look into all the coners.' I heard them poking about here and there, and wee afraid they would stumble over my feetin 'the dark. At last Julia exclaimed, 'Oh,' look, Emily, Bthere she is; bunt how atrnge she looks.' ' Both girl. now stood over me, and 1 knew somehow they were staring at me though my eyes were shut. ."KatIe I Katie I' they cried ' get up. We 'have ,found you the game is over; don's 'tyto frighten us." 'Julia seized my arm to drag me up, but I (determined to carry out my game to the 'itter end) let it fall limply out of her grasp. ' Oh,, Julia' said poor Emily, in a faint, beartslick voice, I am afraid bshe i dead. And: look at her eyes, how dreadful they look.' I could keep my countenance no lonuer, so eprinain?up with a wild burst of Iaugter, I caught the terrifed irl round the waist, and waltzed round the room with her. Suddenly 'I felt her form grow heavy and rigid in my grMp, and with a piercing sreum of agony, which will echo in my brain to my dying day, the unfortunate girl slid from my arm and sonk tothe floor .dead.--E J. T. Roose. 