BY-THE-WAY. A LEADEN jar, said to contain the brains of James II., has been raked up by some antediluvian old fossil in England. Hitherto, most people who know anything of English history have opined that James never possessed any. The discovery comes quite as a pleasant surprise. "WHAT is the meaning of the Government sending Imperial Federation pamphlets about in franked envelopes?" asks an indignant Age reader. We will tell him. " It is because they are not worth paying postage on, being in that respect like everything else which goes under a frank stamp." THE following was heard at the corner of Run die and King William streets, Adelaide : " Well, Bill, how are ye gettin on ?" "Oh, I dunno. I ain't doin' nothing partickler. I was gettin' on fust rate as one of the hunemployed, when the bloomin' government offered us coves a job on the railway, and I had to go in for it." THE question of Working Men's Clubs having been again brought forward by the noodles who regret to see the last attempt of the sort going bung, as all half-hearted coddle projects ought, we beg to suggest, as a substitute, an asses' club for those who are fond of making meddlesome and paupei ising propositions. Probably I a genuine business venture on the proposed basis would succeed, but a semi-philanthropic hybrid will not. ABOUT that earthquake, you know. It is rather a thin yarn altogether. There may have been rumblings down Warrnambool way; wedare say they were ; but as to the rest of the diorama, why, even our rural poet says be never struck an imaginary vein before. This is what the Herald goes onto say in the matter:—"The cattle and horseB scampered wildly up and down, and then collected into mobs. Their eyes were hard 6et in the direction from which the noise came, and many of the beasts commenced to howl." The italics are " PUNCH'S," but the rest of the embroidery is strictly the Herald's Great Scott! Fancy a horse that howls! Picture to yourself a howling cow ! Midnight ghosts and Jack Gardiner, we thought you were only things that howled in the mundane sphere, and now we find that Warrnambool correspondents, earthquakes, cows and horses all howl. THERE is no reason on earth why the Cemetery should be closed against legitimate visitors to suit the convenience of the Salvation Army. If that body chooses to conduct its funerals in a way calculated to attract larrikins, it must also be prepared for the full consequences, and not expect people who have as good a right to enter—and three times as orderly and respectable—to be shut out for the sake of enabling the S. A. gymnastics to be trotted out in privacy. A Times correspondent suggests that the colonists, who have by emigrating shirked their share of pauper-feeding, should be compelled to assist in maintaining England's rubbish. In return, Englishmen have remained at home and shirked the task of making new lands, and also of keeping down pauperism. Therefore, they should oe forced to maintain Australia's breakdowns in regard to health and wealth, forego interest and instead pay taxes for Australian railways, docks and other public works, and generally stand the consequence of their " shirking" if it is to be reckoned on the Times plan. A CONTEMPORARY heads an article " Swimming for Girls." Does this mean something after the Leander and the Hellespont style ? Goodness me ! what new innovations are being introduced every day, to be sure. But this last one of swimming for girls does not meet as yet. with our unqualified approval. We are afraid that when put to the test it won't work, for if the average young man can't get his girl without swimming for her we shall have a rare lot of bachelors and old maids. Then Mr. Hayter will have some more figuring to do, and perhaps that Schakell bachelor tax will have to be fallen back on after all. " DOES hanging prevent outrages on women ?" asks a Sydney paper, in an inspired article born of genius and whiskey—on the results of the recent M ount Rennie case. Yes, it does. Very much so, according to our way of figuring the equation out. You see, after a man's hanged he don't go in for outrages any more—at least not here, in this bit of a cabbage garden. We can't speak for your colony, because some very extraordinary thiugs take place there—according to that paper. But we can assure you a hanged man never committed an outrage here. Give us a harder one next time, and we'll try our hand at it again. A Bor up at Benalla nearly poisoned himself the other day by drinking a-quantity of spirits of salts in mistake for water ! This shows the prevailing quality of the water up at Benalla when spirits of Baits can be mistaken for it. AUSTRALIA does not seem to be very fortunate her clergymen, and there seems more of the "Mr. North " stamp than of the "Vicar of Wakefield. It is not long since the Smyth expose disillusioned one's ideas that man is immaculate because he dons a black coat and a white tie and quotes from Nehemiah, and now we learn that an irreproachable gentleman of the clerical persuasion in Sydney has been accused of arson. Oh ! vanitas vanitatis ! A SIGNALMAN who, not long ago, prevented an accident by which hundreds might have handed in their checks at a moment's notice, was munificently rewarded by a present of £5. It is not known whether he shed tears on receiving this overpowering testimony of regard, nor whether he retired from the service and lived happily ever after. Probably he did neither, but he will certainly preserve that £5 note as a sample of the generosity of the V.R. Commission. THE latest discussion is re Railway Clerkships. The Commissioners are getting clerks at less than board wages. We don't see why the relatives of these people should be taxed to keep the railways going. "Let the Commissioners make business pay its own way by a closer attention to science and opportunity, and then perhaps the officials will have enough heart in their work to give the public that attention which can hardly be expected of those who are mulct to make up a deficiency for which they are not responsible. Queensland Figaro, in general a well-written, well got-up, smart, little journal—in describing an Atlas of Australia, spreads on the grease thus : — " The writer carries the dreaming reader along with him on a rhythmical tide of eloquent elegance." This is very high-class writing, and the Figaro scribe spread himself when he wriggled that out. " A rhythmical tide of eloquent elegance" is decidedly good, neat and expressive—but what it does actually express is not quite evident. It means something evidently. Perhaps it is the Queensland way of expressing the word " Bunkum." IT may not be generally known to readers of PUNCH that mixed juries of men and women now frequently serve in certain districts in America. The males always give way in argument to the daughters of Eve, principally because the use of tobacco being prohibited in jury rooms, lengthy sittings can't be endured by confirmed smokers and chewists. Besides, apart from the tobacco question, of course the ladies rigidly adhere to their hereditary right of having the last word. Therefore, when the lady jurors insist that a man charged with bigamy must be convicted of burglary, he is at once found guilty of that crime. THE seed is bearing fruit. The Eight Hours' Anniversary Committee at their last meeting proposed to invite the Governor to the next annual demonstration, but—but—several members expressed thehope that HisExcellency would not bring Lord Deerhurst with him. Of course they were overruled. Such a discourteous course would never be followed ; but the sfcigma remains. The feeling is there, and nothing will root it out; and though my lord hasteth home as quickly as he may to hide his much diminished head, he will find that this, among the rest, will have preceded him. THE meteor which so astonished the rural population by its erratic appearance has had not a few curious interpretations. The people of Panmure described the sound it made as resembling a " drum and fife band," which is obviously a libel upon the local musicians. Some other equally intelligent persons thought that it betokened the approach of a circus, and rushed into the street to see the show, which shows what a row those travelling conglomerations of sawdust and spangles must make in order to rouse up the steepy-headed populace in the rustic districts. However, nobody knows as yet where it came down, and everybody is felicitating themselves upon the fact that it didn't fall anywhere near them. IT has been asserted that Lord Deerhurst, our deerest lord, assumed the character of a police officer without having any title to the same. Knowing as we do that a lord can do no wrong, we were naturally indignant and resolved to sift the matter to the bottom After diligent research we have come across the very charge with which our noble young friend, if he will allow us to call him so, was first entrusted with civil powers. By dint of long service he has risen to the rank of captain. Here is the charge, "You are thought here to be the most senseless and fit man for the constable of the watch ; therefore bear you the lantern, this is your charge ; you shall comprehend all vagrom men, you are to bid any man stand in the Prince's name." Lord D : How if he will not stand ?" Charge : " Why, then, take no note of him, but let him go and presently call the rest of the watch together, and thank God you are rid of a knave." There is a considerable deal more to the same effect. It was delivered to our young friend, if he will be, by one Dogberry, P.M., many years ago,' and a copy of it may be found by the curious in "Much Ado About Nothing" (Act III., Scene 3), written by William Shakespeare, since deceased. We congratulate our young friend, if he will allow us, on obeying those injunctions so exactly. Obedience is the first duty of Pleeceman X, as well as Tommy Atkins 