2 ZABINA ZEMBRA. BY WILLIAN BLACK. Author of "Macleod of Dare," " A Princesa of Thule," &c.; CHAPTER XIII. REPENTANCE. It is hardly to be imagined that a beautiful and healthy yonng woman should have Attained to the age of five andtwenty without experiencing, at some time or other, and especially in her earlier yeara, certain_ tender preferences for members of the opposite sex ; but these love-fanciea, if they may be socalled, had in Sabina's case been quickly absorbed in the cares and active interests of a particularly busy existence. Her character was robust [and independent; she had little time for sentimental musings. Marriage had never enteoed into her scheme of life. Then • he had seen cne after another of her companions retire into the realm.of matronhood, leaving her pretty much alone; and she had to deal with an ever-increasing amount of business about training-ships, convalescent homes, philanthropic societies, and the like ; and it is quite probable, as Mrs. Wygram maintained, that" these occupations of hers, and the almost maternal authority she hail lreqaently to exercise in the households of the poor and sickly and indigent, had taught her a certain brusqueness and directness of manner, as of one who was too much engaged with the practical needs of the world around her to pay much attention to the refinements of etiquette. But when Mrs. Wygram plainly accused her of being a downright flirt Sabina was entirely startled out of her self-complacency; and when, closely following upon that, Mr. Foster made her an indirect offer of ma/riage, thereby incurring pain and mortification of a refusal, there was no end to her Belf - reproach. It was true, then, that she had acted with an indiscretion visible to all onlookers ? It was true that she had encouraged him to believe she was willing to be his wife 1 What would be think of her ? What would his mother think of her ? She recalled the patient and gentle grace and dignity of the old lady, th3 evident and affectionate hope that was in all her words and looks ; her i)romises of kindness ; and she could imagine the mother going back to the son and breaking the truth to him in her delicately considerate fashion. Well, there was one woman who had never deceived him. ' The only son of his mother,' he would at least retain his faith in her—the faith that he was so openly pcoud of. And he would forget that he had ever been trifled with by a flirt. Now Sabina never did a more foolish thing in her life than when she came away from Brighton. Had she remained there her remorse and self- abasement would have been largely mitigated. She would have discovered that Mr. Foster's grief over his disappointment was not of a crushing nature. Be was annoyed, it is true; but he was annoyed shiefly by the grumblings of his father, who considered that he had been dragged away hither on a fool's errand. Mr. Fred Foster was of a cheerful temperament; despondency was not much in his way. *• VVe haven't pulled it off this time, mother," fV«K » said D.i/1 he, Vin " but hnt wait TD&if; till till you rnn see RPA me mi on my lego agaiD. You could hardly expect \- a high-stepper ki»h.«h>nT»i.lib«tliatfci like that to get not. matched with a broken-down old cripple in a paddock." " If I live to see. you married to a girl like UisB Zembra, Freddie," said the gentle mother, " Iihall be happy. A girl like that would have a .good influence over you; you would give up your wild life. And I am rare your father and I would be glad to let you have the old house; we could do very well at Crookfiald." "You need not connt on me. I should be no such fool," the.elderMr. Foster remarked, with tome point. Mr. Fred Foster chose to ignore this chance observation, "Oh, don't you makeany mistake, mother; Miss Zembra isn't a prig _ _ at all. She is lust just j as fond of fun as anybody; only she has never had a chance. Why, she herself told me how well she liked looking on at some dancing there was at an artist-fellow's house —I forget the name—and she said it was quite fine to see a lot of yonng people—that's the way Bhe talks, you know—romping about 1 and dancing the Highland s->h„»*Whfl mH 1 ; enjoying themselves without restraint. Oh, there's nothing of the stuck-up school miss j about her, I can assure yon." I " I do not think I should like to see Mies Zembra dancing the Highland Schottische," I the old lady said.auietly, " though I haidly '!iI know why." " No, no," eaid he, with a laugh, " nothing less dignified than the minuet in Ariadne. Well, I don't know that I should eare to see her romping about either. But Til tell you what I should like to eee—I should like to see her drive a dog cart up to Ascot Heath, two ponies tandem : wouldn't that be something like the thing ? Aad on the lawn, mother— just -think of her on the lawn—why, there isn't cne of them would be in it with her! Think of her figure—I tell you there's not one of the women would be in it with her—except, perhaps, Lady , and Bhe doesn't ao to race meetings anymore, since that thing happened. Well, do you know, mother, I don t think you would erumble at a little extravagance— a gcod figure wants_ eood Btyle—and the ffeEhiona have to be paid for " t "My dear," said the old lady, with the least touch of remonstrance in her placid voice, "you sprak very confidently." ! "Ob," said he, lightly, "that is a fancy picture, you know. But I am not so sure it won't ccme off. Of course, I have received my ecub, and must grin and bear it; but while there's life there's hope." Sabina had but little idea that he was accepting the situation in this cheerful ff^J very miserable. For she had a vague conviction that some kind of calamity had occurred, for whbh she was mainly responsible ; and her wrong-doing was none the less distressing that it was so hard to define. She kept thinking and thinking over it; wondering what Mrs. Wygram was saying to Janie about it; hoping that Mr. Foster was not too deeply offended with her. Had she sent him snfbcient assurance of her sorrow over this hapless mistake? Would it not have been kinder if she had seen him—to say a word o good-fry? And the beautiful and gentle old lady who had asked her in so pleasing a way to become her daughter; oupht she not to sit down and write to her and make some excuses for her running away ? Sabina was very busy on these first days of her return to London; but sheweut about her duties with a preoccupied air. It Btruck even herself that she had less self-confidence somehow in addressing people—even those best known to her, and most dependent on her. But she guessed that might be the effect of her long holiday ; she had oome back strange to her work; she had not fallen into tbe way of it yet. Either Mrs, Wygram or her daughter wrote to their beloved oabie every day. This was professedly a medical report; but of course it contained all the news of their uneventful life at the seaside. And it seemed unaccountable to Sabina that neither of them should ever make the least mention of Mr. Foster. Why she wished to hear about him she did not ask herself; but each letter that came from Brighton she opened quickly, and each time there was an undefined feeling of disappointment r^ - ,. .. that ... never a word was said . about him. About the mother and father she bad heard; the old people had left a couple of days or so after her departure-Mrs. Foster calling at Rceency square and leaving some very affectionate messages for Miss Zembra. But never the least allusion to the young itan; and Sabina, though writing every other day, somehow did not choose to ask. The reason why Janie had nothing to say about Mr. Foster was simply this—She had learned from her mother wnat were his principal haunts, and she took care that her mother and herself should keep away from these. They never went out to the end of tbe West Pier nor to the end of the Chain Fier, and they seldom went into the Old Steyne Enclosures or the Pavilion Gardens. For Janie's vague dislike for the young man had developed into something like hatred when ebe heard that he had attempted to carry off Satire from them, and that attempt having been fortunately frustrated, she was resolved that it would not be through her mother and herself that any communications should be resumed. And she was delighted to see that Sabina never even mentioned his came. She had feared the worst from the curious interest that Sabina seemed to take in the character and fortunes of ths stranger whom chance had thrown in her way. But that was all over now. He had been sent about his business. Sabina was bask in London, and sooner or later Walter Lindsay would be calling in at Kensington square to we Mr. Wygram. Brighton is a small place; Janie was caught at last. Her mother had lain down for a while after lunch; the daughter had come out for a bit of a stroll, and had wandered down to the sea-front, where she took { a seat on one of the benches. A passing Bath-chair was stopped for a moment just as it reached her. " I beg your pardoD, Slis? Wyram; but I'm afraid you've forgotten me':" She thought it was an intolerable piece of effrontery that he should rpeak to her, after what had happened, but ths could not be positively rude. •'How do you do, Mr. Foster ? ' Ebe said, and ehe gave him her hand^ for a moment. ' I hope you are setting on well." " Oh, vee, very well," he said cheerfully. " I can move about a little now, indoorp. I think the Derby week will sec me on my tegs again. And how is Misb Zembra; I euppote you have heard from ber?" And then it flsshed upon her that he was jiEtumiDK the knew nothing cf wiiat had occurred, for how <fels3 could he dare to talk I about Sabina in this free- and-easy fashion? " Ob, yes, I hear from her frequently ; she is very well, I believe. What a pleasant afternoon for going about!" If this was not an intimation to him that he might move on she did not know what was. But he remained. " I have found it very different since she left,"said he, with a rueful smile. "Very different indeed. I had no idea we had been such constant companions until she left. Brighton seems quite deserted now. You see, you get into the habit of meeting people in a place like this, one day being just like the day before it; and you dont notice, perhaps, how much you are thrown together. Kit you find out when they leave. " Ves?" said Janie—which was rather cold encouragement. " And I'm awfully sorry she went away so hurriedlv," be continued (and Janie wished he would not stare at her so uncompromisingly with his clear, hard, blue eyes). "I don t mind telling you there was a kind of—ktod of—well, something happened that might have admitted of some explanation if only she had not gone away so abrnptly. I was awfully sorry—if I could have Been her for merely a couple of minutes I could have explained a lot. 'Yes, and there's another thing I wanted to say to her before she went back to London—well, it was talked about occasionally here—bet I wanted to impress it on her—don't you think she ought to look about for some male companion—I suppose she could not afford a Secretary?—but some male companion, anyway, to go with her through all those places ?" "Miss Zembra, eaid Janie, distantly—for she was not going to call her " Sabbie" to him—"only goes to places where she is known. Besides, she can take care of herself." " Ob, I do not mean in that way," he said, and he accepted -her repellant attitude wich much good natur-e.; .perhaps he did not notice it. "I mean in tne way of her getting sharped. I imagine she iB imposed on by a whole crowd of cringing, fawning, sneaking wretches. If-a man were to go with her he would let a little daylight into the whole affair." " You think he would get to know more about those people than she could?" Janie asked. " I suppose you cre not aware, then, that Miss Zembra is a member of the Charity Organization Society?" " But she is a woman." " A woman may have as sharp eyes as a man." " But she is sure to have a softer heart— and that's where the trouble comes in." Janie remained obdurate. Even that little bit of adroit flattery had no effect on her. And Mr. Foster, seeing that she was not inclined for further conversation, left a friendly message for her mother and passed on. Thai evening's despatch to Sabina could not well omit all mention of this interview ; but Janie had no scruples whatever about sending a distinctly garbled version. "He seemed as cheerful and complacent as you could wish," she wrote, amongst other things, "and put all the blame on you for having gone away so hurriedly. Everything could have been put right by ac -explanation. ^ I suppose „„„ he means he could have explained j wj, y j t wa8 absolutely necessary you should become his wife. And he was feind enough to eay that Brighton felt quite lonely now th&t; you had gone, and that he had no idea you -and he had been so much together. I Euppose because he had not taken the trouble to notice." This letter—the animus of which she well understood, and could discard—set £abie still farther wondering. What explanation coula he mean? And EO he had been looking over their companionship together; And perhaps -valuing it a little? And she was glad tbat'be was putting so brave a face on his disappointment; for sbe assumed tfcat there mustilaave been some disappointment; a man does,sot atk a woman to be his wife wjthout having seriously thought it over and laid far-reaohing plans and cherished hopes that he isansioas to have fulfilled. And, of course, so important a choice is a great honour to'confer upon any girl; and one not lightly or ungratefully to De thrown aside. W hat explanation was it ? she asked herself again and again. She knew that he was not a sentimental person ; but then neither was she herself; perhaps she ought to have waited ; and listened to what he had to Bay ; and been less discourteous in her summary refusal. It may have bees this continual questioning of herself that caused Sabina, one afternoon as she was going down through Kensington-square, to pass Walter Lindsay without recognition. He had not been so blind. He had eeen her a long way off; and it was as if something bad suddenly grasped his heart and mad? it cease to beat. Ke did not know she had returned to London* He was not repared. The calm and equable friendship Se had promised himself waB not there with its quieting influence; and he only knew that the eight of Sabina advancing towards him—the real Sabina—here in Kensingtonsquare—in Kensington- square that he had peopled so often with ghosts and visions of her—this actnal thing bewildered him out of his senses, and he could not think what he was to say to her. How was he to account £or her being in Kensington-square at all? Was some one ill, that she bad so suddenly come back ? She would be startled and dis pleased at confronting him so unexpectedly ? Sabina came along, all unheeding. She was not looking at any one whom she might meet; her eves were absorbed. And when Bhe paEsed him, he was still silent, almost fearing to disturb her; but the nest moment something within him took control of him, and he She turned, with a lifctls start; but the moment she saw who it was, there was a quick outshining of friendliness from the beautiful eyes and a pleasant smile of welcome. She had been much harrassed and worried these last few days; she had been almost alone; here was an old friend who had been kind to her many a time. And she did not know that she allowed him to retain her hand while they were mutually asking and answering the usual preliminary questions (perhaps he did not know it either), and she took no pains to conceal the pleasure with which she recognised him ; and her eyes met his with a frankness that took no thought of consequences. In short, during these few seconds her conduct was abominable, Mrs. Wygram would have said; but Mrs. Wygram was altogether forgotten in the surprise and gladness of this unexpected meeting. " You are going down that way ?'' he said, looking towards the end of the square. " Yes. I am going down to Gornwill Gardens. It is not often I pay afternoon calls, but I am to meet an old Admiral who has been of ereat service to me several times, and I Bhall have plenty of opportunity to 1 thank him — that is, to beg for future favours." | " May I walk aB far with you ?' i "If you like,'* she said, without hesitation, " if-it is not out of your way." ! And here he was actually walking side by Bide with Sabina along the Kensingtontquare pavement, as many and many a time he bad vainly imagined and pictured to himself. And what a tragic thing that he could only talk to her about trivial matters—about i Brighton lodging-houseB, and the crowds at , South Kensington of an evening, and the . varions gossip of the studios-when all the tj me he was dying to tell her of the newly- \ established relationship, the unalterable and j perfect friendship that was to last between t these two «,„„ f„„ for ever and ever and evermore. Of course he could not tell her, for she knew of no other relationship—and had probably never dreamed of any, and so he had to pretend to be eagerly interested in training ships and the like; while all the pleasant and amusing things he had been storing up for her duriDg these many weeks had gone clean out of his head. No matter; Sabina was about as close to him as she had been iu tbe hansom, and he was keeping step with her as well as he could, and bending towards her a little so that he coaid listen to her the more easily, and sometimes he succeeded ia makine her laugh, and her !auj»h w as pleasant to hear. And he knew that for iiim thenceforth this Yiccotii-road wonld be blessed thoroughfare—he and she together had passed underneath the overhanging trees of those front gardens; for him at least the place would be for ever haunted Nor even when she had pis°.ed within the hated portals of the bonee in Corrr.vi 1 ] Gardens was he likely to quit the neiphb-ur hood eo long as she was there. Of course h< could not wait and offer to escort her ba ck home again, if she was going home; that would have been too insignificant; but he could linger unobserved until shs came out, and have at least a last glimpse of her. And that was all he obtained; for on Sabina's 1 coming out of the house she took the first : cab she saw and was driven away, he knew j not whither. But he was happy enough; nay, his heart i t was filled with rejoicing. Tuor would be go northward by Victoria-road and Kerning j ton square ; the way they had come seemed : to him still rich with the glory of her ; pit.tnce; he would not go and see how 1 emj,t;- the thoroughfares looked, No, he utut away in another direction altogether; j B u i eventually, after many aimless turnings i ai.e! •< aedtrings. found himself, towards 7 | i, clot k. out in the Addison-road neighbourhood, si.d at the door of the studio of an old i hum ut his. '. 1 Kii Willie Meteyard was rather celebrated in hie way, as having been an unconscionable i nrriLrr ot times on the very edge of being e'euitil to the Academy, and failiDg at the •»'t ir.< n.rnt through some unexpected coml,kali( ii ; but he took these disappuintmeats 1 very equably, and worked away at his pic- . tuies of Irish peatant iifc with an assiduity which brought him a fair amount of fame and the dealers a large amount of money. He was a bachelor; and he was sitting dowa to a bachelor-dinner when Walter Lindsay entered. Artists as a rule are not overexacting in their needs; there was eooa another plate on the table, "What are you going to do to-night, Willie?" the visitor asked. " I'm going with those Mowbray girls and their mother to the theatre." " You'll have to dress and get away immediately, I suppose?" " YeB." " What a nuisance ! You'd much better Btop where you are; and we'll go into the studio, and have a pipe and rome music." Now Mr. Meteyard was much fonder of music than of the theatre ; and he knew that when Lindsay got into the vein he played very well indeed, and with quite unusual feeling; besides, Lindsay was an old friend ; and the Mowbray s were mere acquaintances ; and the promise was not a very definite one ; and there was a large party going to the theatre, and he would not be missed. Finally, he wanted to stop—and he stopped. The evening passed pleasantly enough ; though by degrees the two friends^ ceased from muBic, and took mostly to smoking and lounging, and chatting ia the comfortable hushed etudio. And, of course, Walter Lindsay had but ore subject, to which he returned again and again, by many subterfuges ; and that subject, of coarse, was the beautiful nature and disposition of Miss Zembra, and the ennobling effect of an assured friendship with such a woman ; the influence it must have on one's character, and on one's work too, making it sincere, and earnest, and of a lofty aim—ill of which Willie Meteyard had heard a few times before. At last he said— " Look here, Walter, my good fellow, let's have an end of this. It's no use your trying to humbug me. All your talk about friendship is pure idiotcy. I tell you I believe what you say of the girl. I suppose it's all true. But I tell you this as well—and it's as plain ae a pikestaff to every one but yourself —I tell you, you're just madly in love with her." 