Revenge. I nAVE served in tho French army (us surgeon), and suenbkit ! I never yet suffered an insult from mortal being to pass unavenged. It was in the Tyrol last year. While wander ing through that picturesque country, I fre quently encountered two ladies — one elderly, the other a widow — charming, petite, smrituclle — Adrienue ! At last we found ourselves quartered at the same hotel, and I rapidly succumbed to tho fair widow's charms— she was so sympathetic, so vivacious, yot with all that stnoirfaire of experience which an elderly bachelor knows how to sippreci'ite. Her figure — how delicious its lines ! What musses of magnificent tresses ! AVhat perfect rows of ivory her coral- lipped smilo permitted us to see ! What healthful bloom the exorciso and mountain air had lent to her cheek ! — Yes, I would propose that evening. That night I wont up to dross for dinner — an important business with mo, and one requiring time. I had arranged in the morning with tho maitrc d' hotel to change my room for ono with si more southerly aspect ; but when I had climbed to tho first i'loor (no slight exorcise) where ipy new npsirtmcut was located, I found I could not recollect the number. A littlo ro ficction, however, made ino decide it was No. 18, but, to make certain, I listened a moment at tho door — all was still within — turned tho handle softly, nud entered. JS'om tic Dicii ! who was this ? Asleep, on si fauteuil, lay tho ghost of Adrienne ! Adricuno ? Yes, but Adrionno transfigured. Haggard, nearly bald, -with tho cheeks falling- in on tho toothless gums, tho outlines of her figure (sho had laid asido hor dress) showing scraggy smd singular through her deshabille. A lay- figure waiting to bo transformed by hnr maid into my Adrienue — waiting to be ir.adc into my decoy — but I would bo revenged. Not stopping to hunt up my room now, I descended hastily to the saloon, whero I found most of tho guests of tho hotel wuiting for the dinner gong. I caught a glunco of astonish ment at my own undress uniform, svnd a thought struck me — I smiled. The house happened to bo full just then of a very fashionable company ; the ladies vied with ono another in the magnificence of their toilets, aud I know thero was a ceitain countess who was especially Adriennu'B rival in this respect. Ah ! I would shamo hor beforo them all ; I would give her n lesson under her rival's oyc3 —she should learn to triilo with honost affection — Man Die ! yes ! I am a mesmerist. My will is iron. I sat apart, and, turning inv oyosfrom those present, put ail my will-foroo into action. Ono — two ? three— four minutes, mid f hero was a footstop outsido tho door — the handle was gently turned und Adrienne appeared — yes ! precisely as I had soon her a fow minutes boforo ! Tho wholo roomful of listless guests rose as if simul taneously galvanised — tho Indies shrieked ' a ghost' — but Adrieuno advanced quietly toward me in her magnetic trance. Undor cover of offering hor a chair, I mado the releasing passes with ray hand — sho awoke ? gave ono glance- ronnd ut tho staring company and tho scornful eyes of hor rival, another at hor h'guro reflected in tho mirror opposito, and, with a wild scream, sank, a fainting heap, on tho floor ! I was revenged ! ! That Biuno night I thought I hoard somcono moving about my room, and found, tho follow ing morning-, my glass eye, my cork leg, my wig, anel my now patent spring-fitting set of teeth had been stolen from my room. As my valet was in Paris I had to publish my loss before I could movo out of bod. Adrionno had left the liouso that night, but not without retaliating. — Sim 1'rmtcisco News Letter. 