THE "REDEMPTION." A considerable amount of interest ha3 for some time past been manifested in the per formance of Gounod's >f Redemption," which the Adelaide Musical Association announced for their inaugural concert, and which was performed last night for the first time in Ade laide. This work, dedicated to the Queen, was commenced in 1867, but laid aside for 12 years, ana then completed for performance in Eng land, It was to have been given in Glasgow, but the musical people of Birmingham, who Etcured it at great cost (£4,000 it ia said) for their festival in 1S32, were the first to have the pleasure of hearing it. On this occasion the composer himself con ducted, and the work received full justice at the hands of very highly-trained performers, including such soloists as Madame ^ Albani, Madame Patty, Mr. Lloyd, and Mr. Santley. The " Redemption," according to the author's commentary, "i3 a lyrical setting of the three great facts on which depends the existence of the Christian ChurchThe pas sion and death of the Saviour; Hi3 glorious life on earth from His resurrection to His ascension; and the spread of Christianity in the world through the mission of the apostles." The oratorio, or "Sacred trilogy," as it is called, commences with a prologue which is divided into three parts- Thecreation, the fall, and the promise of redemption. The Creation is an instrumental introduction descriptive of chaos; the fall ia narrated in recitative by tenor and bass, the latter part containing an unusual but net ineffective sequence of- aug mented triads; and the Redeemer's promise is sung by a " celestial choir" in the chorale, " The earth is my possession." This number is arranged for 28 voices, toprano3 and alto3 eight each, and tenors and basses six oach, accom panied by the organ. During the prologue appears a soft and tender melody, a hit motif of several bars, and thismelody reappears eight times, the last being in the second part, where it is effectively given by the whole orchestra eupported by the organ. After the prologue follow three divisions, of which part one deals with Calvary, the Crucifixion, Mary at the foot of the Cross, the two thieves, the death of Jesus, and the centurion. Part two includes the holy women at the sepulchre, Jesus appearing to the holy women, the sanhedrim, the holy women before the apostles, Jesus appearing to His apostles, and the ascension, Under the third part appear the Pentecost, the descent of the Holy Ghost, and the hymn of the apostles. The libretto was compiled by Gounod himself, and however it may sound in the original exception may be and has been taken to portions of the English translation, and which, to say _ the least of it, do not show a very skilful illus tration of the art of marrying words to music. Still the dramatic shape in which it is cast sustains the interest throughout, and un doubtedly serves to heighten the general effect. The earnestness and religious feelings of the composer are also shown both in the libretto and the setting, and that this cast of mind is natural to Gounod appear3 to be evident, As long ago as 1840 Fanny HenEel in her diary says "Bosquet told us how far Gounod had allowed himself to be drawn into engagements of a religious nature, the result of which he much feared for one of hia weak charactsr, BosQuet is afraid Gounod will give up music and take to the cowl," A German critic,-unfavorably disposed towards the oratorio, whilst acknowledging that the '"Redemption" is the work of an _ un doubtedly religious tone poet is of opinion that we ehould expect in an oratorio rest he tic and not religious aevotion, and that we should "be raised above the dust of earth by the power of the musical ideas, and by the genius of the composer, and certainly not merely by the sublimity of the religious ideas." The narrative part of the " Redemption" is divided between two male voices (tenor and bass), and during their narrations-delivered with little movement, and for the most part on the tonic or dominant-the or chestra does not merely sustain supporting chords as in the greater part of the most com mon form of recitative, but produces various sympathetic figures, thus carrying on th«* in terest in a better manner, perhaps (at any rate as far as this particular work is concerned), than if treated in the usual way. In addition to the two narrators mentioned, the composer has written baritone solos for the central figure of the Redeemer, and the music is dignified and solemn. The penitent and the impenitent thieves and the Virgin Mary are also intro duced, Those persons, however, who expected to hear solos as in oratorios with which they are familiar, were disappointed, for the absence of this form of composition is one of the con spicuous features of the work, the so-called solos being, with few exceptions, cast in the form of recitatives as already mentioned. There are two trios, both in the second part, for first and second sopranos and contralto. The first is, "How shall we by ourselves have strength to roll away the stone from the tomb," and the second, "The Lord, He is risen again." The latter ia of simple structure, plainly har monised, but very interesting, especially in the latter part. '' Beside the cross remaining" and " By iaith salvation comes" are set for quartet and chorus. The former is commenced by the tenor in a plaintive melody in_ A minor, answered by the alto in the dominant. The tenor then announces a second subject, and the four voices follow; the first theme being taken up by all the voices in octaves to conclude the choiu?. The softly sung "Unresisting, un complaining," followed by the forte descending chromatic passage, ''And yet the grief she bears, her heart in sunder tears," being very good. Numerous choruses and several chorals are interspersed throughout the work, and in addition to these there are four instrumental parts-"The creation," "March to Calvary," "The darkness," and "The apostles in prayer." The creation is an illustration by the orchestra of the words "And. the spirit of God moved on the face of the wateis. And God said let. there be light: and there was light." The "March to Calvarv," for soli, chorus, and orchestra, in A minor,"is a lengthy, dramatic, and impor tant part of the work, introduced by the orchestra in a style which by some i3 con sidered to be out of keeping with the solemnity of the occasion depicted. The composer, however; says it is intended to represent the brutality of the rabble dragging Jesus to execution, and it is in striking contrast to the compassion expressed by the succeeding choral for sopranos in unison. This choral in E minor, "Forth the royal banners go," is set for sopranos in unison, accompanied by an orchestral figure for strings, and forms a pathetic commentary upon the mournful pro cession as it passes. The march is afterwards resumed. "The Darkness" succeeds a short narration of the death of Jesus, and is a graphic and very effective orchestral move ment. After two short narrations, " My Father, into Thy hands I commend my spirit," and "Then gave He up the gho3t, and all came to an end," follows. "The earthquake," a descriptive piece, is recited by tenor and bass, principally in thirds, but the alarm is mostly described by the orchestra in rapid chromatic passages of varying degrees of intensity, and by diminished chords and the usual tremolo. There are many other important and interest ing numbers to which we have not referred, such as the chorus of mockers in D minor, with its varied orchestration and the taunting words of the blasphemers; the reproaches of the Saviour set as a quartet or chorus, with a subdued accompaniment to the words-"O, my vineyard, come tell me why my grapes are bitter;" and the prophetic choir, "Saviour of men," introduced by the orchestra, in which the horns take an important part in playing the melody, while the strings have chords in triplets, and the trumpets a short passage at the end of each phrase. In this chorus the effect is heightened by the employment of trumpets reiterating the tonic and dominant. The score requires four of these trumpets placed at the highest part of the orchestra. The allegretto for orchestra, which follows the narration of the visit of the holy women to the sepulchre, is in a style which is readily recognised as Gounod's. It is constructed on a double pedal, played with muted strings, and is of a lovely pastoral character. The graceful soprano solo, "From thy love as a Father," with an accompaniment in arpeggio, metres into a chorus with excellent effect. TI10 chorus, "Unfold, ye portals everlasting," is one of the finest in the work. The only attempt at fugal writing is in the concluding portion of the oratorio, but it stops after the exposition and merge3 into the great masses of sound with which the chorus, "The Word is flesh become," completes the work. With regard to thevalueof the "Redemption" as a whole, and its claim to be ranked with the works of the great masters, opinions are doubtless greatly divided, and the actual proof will probably not be given during the author's lifetime. For ourselves, however, whilst freely acknowledging many excellencies in the oratorio, we feel bound to say that from _ the means at our disposal, and the opportunities for study which have presented themselves (of which the performance last night was not by any means the least), we are forced to the con clusion that the composer has certainly not altogether failed, but has not succeeded in pro ducing a work which will stand the infallible test ot time. We cannot share the views of either those who see little or no beauty in its pages, or of those who praise it so extrava gantly in the opposite direction. Thi3 much, however, is certain, the music-loving people of this city ought to be thankful for the energy and perseverance of the Musical Asso ciation in doing their share in encouraging a love of the art of music wliich, although "the youngeBt of the artistic sisterhood," is "the most subtle, the most intense medium of the expression of the beautiful." We have to thank them for their performance and for the opportunity which they have given ub of hearing what to most of us has hitherto been an untold tale. The society bad every reason to be pleased with the encouragement given to them by the public at their concert last night, for long before 8 o'clock the sale of tickets at the door was suspended, and the Town Hall wa3 shortly afterwards packed, There wa? not a vacant seat in any part. H13 E xeellency the Governor and suite, his Honor Chief Justice Way, the Hon. J, C. Bray, his Worship the Mayor, Sir Henry Ayers, Professor Ives, and a great number of leading citizans were present, On the arrival of hia Excellency the "National Anthem" was sung as a solo and chorus. With regard to the per formance it is, perhaps, unnecessary to par ticularise each number, especially in the ca3e of the recitatives which are bo numerous. Some of these were very well rendered, espe cially those allotted to the bass, Mr. J. J. Vergo, who acquitted himself in a very praise worthy manner. Mr. J. T. Cook, who took the tenor narrations, has a sweet, sympathetic voice, but it lacks cultivation and power, and is certainly not equal to the part assigned to it last night. Mr. Nash sang the music given to the Redeemer, and was probably a little nt rvous, which may account lor one or two elijis. On the whole, however, hia fine voice was heard with good effect. Of the lady principals, Mrs. James was unquestion ably the best, and sang well throughout. A little more repose in her style of singing would, however, be an advantage. Miss McDenr.ott, wDo took the contralto part, possesses a fair vric«, and sang her music cor rectly. She will improve greatly by training, The choruses do not present any great diffi culties, and although most of them were ren dered with good effect, the "Eedamption" is scarcely a test of the powers of the singers. They, however, sang for the most part with precision, and with due attention to light and shade, and we shall be glad to hear them again in some other work. The orchestra wa3 not quite complete, but the instruments present,'con sidering the difficulties with which the music abounds, did their work exceedingly well, the 1 first number ("The Creation") being par ticularly well done. Mr. C. J. Stevens, who conducted, kept his instruments and voices well together, and deserves great credit for the time and care which he must have bestowed on the members of the society. We would, however, suggest that when he does sing for the assistance of the voices or instruments he will do so in subdued tones. 