. THK DAY'S DOINGS. Tho return '.Intercolonial Criekot Mutch between Victoria and New South Wales, which was postponed ou account of tho miu iu Svdnoy, and tho Hoddeucd statu of tho wicket on Saturday, was commenced on tho AsMociati, m\s ground, Moore Turk, this morn ing. In another column will be found .au account of the play up till lunch time. A Tiuhd Edition with details of tho play up till four o'cUick will k> published during the afternoon, and a Konnn Knmo.v will supply particulars up till tho drawing of stumps. I'Yo-.n New Zealand wo learn, to-day, that one of tho most destructive! tires in tho history of the colonies, occurred at iHmedui, tho com mercial capital of tho Maori colony, yesterday afternoon, it broke out in the premises of the Iron and WchkIu are Factory Company, and spread with such amazing rapidity that in a short time properly estimated to hn worth LUiO.BOO, and only insured for L7r»,lHH), was destreyed. Unfortunately the disaster seemingly has not been unattended with loss of life. It is believed that a number of |»er- «ons perished iu the falling ruins. Four at least aro known to have been Penned iu by tho falling walls, but there are hopes that some of them may he still alive, aud every exertion is being made to get at them with the least pos sible delay. A still later telegram announces that 111 all, five persons perished. When -tho staircase fell ono man was buried in tho drf'W, nm! four others tried to rescue him. They also were buried, and when got out two were (load. Tim other two, though alive, died directly afterwards. There was much excitement in tho vicinity of the Ilothnm "Police Court this mnrmug upon the occasion of the investigation of tlio cliargeagainst tho young mon Alfred Pynetmt, .Michael Callanan, Charles Lawrence, Walter Williamson, Thomas Daniel, George King, and ..Frederick Lee, of assault ing n girl, named Helen Wnlkondcn. Tho .court was cleared of nil but a few privileged gentlemen. The manner in which the prosecutrix gave her evidence gave one tho impression that if she had not been a con senting party she had nob at nil events resisted sufficiently to entitle her to charge tho prisoners with assault. Thu history of tho first of thu series of alleged assaults was elicited with much difficulty, but afterwards tiie girl talked alwut indelicate matters with u composure which shocked thosu in court who listened to her. MrGnunson, who apjmarcd for the defence, obtained from the girl tho damaging admission that she has been iu the refuge, which she explained was for ruimiug away from home. "1 liegirl, Lottie" who figures iu tho evidence of the prosecutrix of the seven young men at Hutlium, Sis uot a mythical pcisonage, She was present in tho Hothatu Police Court this morning, during tho principal witnesses, evidence, and appeared to enjoy tho wholo. business, smiling pleasantly at tho recital of tho more loathsome iwrtions of the evidence. The case against Mr J. 0. Williamson for permitting the jiasaagc at tho Theatre Royal to bo obstructed on Boxing night, was hoard at thu District Court this morning. All thu members of thu triumvirate were present. Mr 1 loot! barrister appearing for them ; while Mr Gillott conducted tho prosecution. Great interest was taken in tho case, which was thu first of the kind under the new regula tion. While tho case against Mr Williamson, for obstructing tho Theatre Royal passage, was proceeding to-day Mr Panton called atten tion to the number of jmrsous standing iu tho Court, all of whom, ho said, were liable to prosecution for obstructing the gangway. The atmosphere of tho Court was stifling, and some of the loiterers wore turned out, much to tho relief of ' those whose business com- lulled them to remain iu tho building.- Tho defciico put forward by Mr Hood iu answer to tho chnrgo made against Air ". J. C. Williamson of having obstructed tho Theatre Royal passago was that tho Central Board of Health had no j >ower to make thu regulations under which tlio proceedings wore taken. He contended that tho 110th section of tho Local Government Act only gave them power to pass regulations in reference to tho construction of tlio building, and not with reference to tlio obstruction. The Bench over-ruled this objection, and fined tlio defendant in tho nominal amount of 20s, with L2 2s costs. ' A deputation representing tho Victoria Rowing Association and Councils of St. Kilda aud South Melbourne waited upou thu Minister of Lands to-day with reference to the Albert Park Lake, when there were pro- sent, Messrs Houso,-Cnrli«)o and P. J. Steele, V.ILA. ; Cr. Wright (Mayor) South Mel bourne ; and Cr. Johnson St. Kilda. It was pointed out, on behalf of tho V.U. A., that owing to the prevailing hot weathor tho eva poration from tho lake was so great that the depth of water had decreased, and that tho present system of pumping twelve hours a day should be extended, and the pumps kept going night and day so as to bring the about of water up to its usual loveL It was explained out also that tho V.R.A. annual matches were to be held on tho lake 011 thu Iffth of 3?" ooruary, and that it was necessary to have the doptli of water increased before that date. Tho request was supported by Crs. "Wright and' Johnstone on behalf of their councils oh the lake should ho refilled in tho interests of public health. Mr Nimmo, who received tlio deputation on behalf tho Minister of Lands who has not yet returned from his holiday trip, promised to comply with tho request, and -havo continuous pumping operations commenced without dulay. Evidently (ho look-out from CapeOtwayis very obscure. The reports from that Btation this morning show that a steamer passed close to, at 0.30 a.m., but her name could uot bo observed. Fog rockets wore then being sent up. The noon tolcgrnm shows that, shipping was "entirely invisible, mid that tho .fog signalling was kept going at frequent intervals. There are several over-duo ships anxiously looked for. At Wilson's From on tory tho weather was moro clear. The contract for tho second section of the Watt River acqucduct is now being prepared, anil will bo signed to-morrow by Mr Johnstone, the; senior member of tho firir. of successful tenderers. , Mr Shaw will arrivo in Melbourne in about a week's time, and also sign tho con tract." .'It will ho remembered that thosuecess- fu| '.tenderers were Messrs Johnstone and Ulraw, aiul tho amount of their tehdur L204,S7ti 12s 2d. . Tho steamer N atal, from Marseilles, on arrival in port this morning, had fourteen bags of mails ou board. Those camo round by . steamer on account of no arrangement having been made to land them at Albany, though no timo would have been saved on this ocoasiou through the oxprosa train which left on Satur day not delivering any correspondence till to-morrow morning. Any other time u saving of twenty-four hours would bo mode, as on tho occas ion of the English mails by tho Chimborazo last week. Tbe steamship Adelaide, which is due hero this afternoon, will also bring tho intercolonial mails from South Australia up to Saturday' afternoon. It was expected thin steamer would have arrivod in the Bay this niorning, but no doubt tho heavy -weather along the coast has retarded the vessol's progress. ThoM.M. Co's steamor Natal, from" "Mat. sellles, Aden, Mahe, Reunion, Mauritius, and Adelaido, arrived in tho Bay at midnight, having inado the trip from tho latter port under forty hours, though tho weather was very heavy. The Marseilles left Aden on tho 27th December, under tlio charge of Oaptnin A. Sach. Tho voyage has been an unimpor tant on<L Upon clearanco iu the Bay it was fouud that chore were twenty-three saloon aud second dans passengers, with eighty- three in tho third clans or eteerago for this and adjacent) ports. No Bickness occurred, and tho Bteainer anchored in tho Bay for the purpose of discharging cargo into lighters. Tho voyage will bo resumed to-morrow morning for Sydnoy. It will bo remembered that some littlo time since the express train from Sydney to Mel bourne ran into a bullock which had strayed 091 to tho line near Oootamundm. As with Stevenson's famous 000 It was "all tho worse" for the bullock ; but unfortunately tho train was also damaged, soma carriages thrown i"tf the line, and several passengers moro or less injured. One or these passengers was Mr. G. O'Neil, aud tlmt gentleman hav ing decided to takeactnm for the recovery of damages hi solicitors, Mersrs. Gillott, Crokor, and Snowdcit, Imvu issued u writ on lu« behalf against the Kaihvuv Department of New South Wales. J'ho writ claims L8000 damages. According to the accounts supplied by near upon four hundred piuocngers iu tho O.M.S. Cliimhoiezo, which arrived on Saturday last f 11 vii England, a most, enjoyable trip was ex- IH'rienml, The weather was pleasant almost throughout the forty days' passage, ami Ci» pt a in Nixon and his officers wore highly eom- plimentedon tho nmimcriu which they Imdcon- trived to make everyone eonifortable from the (ciloon to third-class. Messrs Ronnix and Dnyio, purser ami chief steward resj»ectivoly, cnuie in for flattering testimonials. They are ntnv old officers iu what is generally turmoil the "Chim," Numerous were tlio complaints made by the paxs'.'iigers.of tlu: steamer Chimborazo, »h to the management- of the rail v«y authorities at Wil- liaiiistowii in dc.-q>atehmg the special train nml their lugirnge on Saturday afternoon. There were close upon two hundred wishing to travel to Melbourne. The train left the vessel and proceeded hi t ho pier station, where it was fount I that only two small pigeon holes had been opened to supply tickets within tho space of. three minutes, the time allotted for the starting of the train. Many nt Miu I'M" commit jumped into (ho carriages leaving their luggage behind them, only to find at .Spencer street that it was iiinu miles away. The scene was one of utter confusion, and 110 one seemed to know what to do. A narrow ciM>c of collision occurred through the special leaving the pier nt thusamemomcut as the ordinary was dciartuig froiu the south. The drinking tap supplied by tho Depart ment with water is fitted up with an ohi fish tin to drink out of, and many were the com ments made by the new arrivals after having travelled so ninny miles to see such arrange ments umdo by tho Department. The transfer of the A.£?,N. Company's boats to the Q.S.S. Company has now formally taken place. On Saturday last the steamer Rockton, which was iu |>ort, hoisted the new ling and proceeded on the usual trip. Regard ing the agency at this port there is no change. Messrs W. Siddeley nml Company, acting oil behalf of the new firm as heretofore on behalf of tho old. It is intended, in the course of a few weeks, tlmt some of the finest boats in the service will bo put on the intercolonial trade, and a keen contest may be looked forward to with tlio other companies. v.>.nmn«nnn iui wining viigmu-ui'ivcra was held at Stawell on Friday, when nine candidates np)>earcd. One obtained a first- class certificate of service, nml threo uecond- class certificates. Four candidates obtained secoiulckiss certificates of competency, (and one candidate was partly examined, his further examination being postponed for six months. Thero was n great number of Chinamen on board the steamer, Changshn, from Hong Knbg, in i>ort yesterday. It was known that the influx would bo great, so that Mr T. D. Hammond, Chief Immigration Officer, had made every arrangement for n careful in- sjieetinn of each individual who presented himself with papers bearing tlio naturalisation stamp. In this he was ably assisted by Mr Musgrove, Collector of Customs, who lind tho original signature book in his jiossussion, and Mr Tide-surveyor Ford. Tho examina tion, which was of a most tedious nature, on account of tho Celestials being so much alike, took some hours, and it was not till late 111 thu evening tho work was accom plished. Sentinels of Customs officers were placed on each hatch to see that no ourson presented himself twice. At tho close of tho day's lalxire it was found that there were at least 121 naturalised subjects ; ten underage; five for Adelaide; one liable for |>oU-ta\\\ from Sydney ; and nine who had to be registered .13 liable for tax, not producing proper credential. Mr Ah Motiy acted as inter- proter. Tho man Bolton, or Bolaud, refcronco to whom was made in Saturday's Hkiiald in connection with the refusal to him by tho doctor of the s.s. Austral, of a passage to Eng land, appears to bo a more fortuuato iudivi- dual than the majority of " no'r-do-wells." Usually it is the plan of wealthy relatives to got rid of a "bad egg" by providing him with nn outfit, a jmssage and J/HI, or LlOo.with tho express understanding that lie departs to Aus tralia never to trouble them again. In Bolton, orBolaml's case, it transpires that his English relatives are actually anxious to get him away from tho shockingly coutamiuntiiigntmospliere of the colony. Tho Willinmntowii jxilicc atato that, ou inquiry, thoy were informed the man had been five years in the colony, and four and a half of that term in gaol. Tho actual reason why he was refused a passage by tbe Austral was tlm request by Major Barker for a separate third-class cabin for him, which wns not avail- abii. No doubt the fellow's appearance, con duct and antecedents weighed also in his die- favor. ' . It has generally been supposed that smoking on the box seats of the omnibuses 1ms been free from the objections of danger or offence to fellow passengers, but it appears that those inside 'are not bo safe ns they believed. On Saturday, aliout one o'clock,, as a 'bus was proceeding to St ICildu, tho insido passengers smelt something burning, and a few minutes later it was found that tho dress of a lady passenger was on fire. She was got tmt of tho 'bus ns quickly as possible, and Borne gentle-' men passengers extinguished tlio' flames: A male passenger was smoking on tho box at the time, and It is supposed a spark from his pipe blew through tlm hole used for passing change and alighted on the lady's dress. The custom of having cases brought on for hearing out of their turu in the list was strongly deprecated by tho Prahran Bench this morning after consenting to an application by nn attorney to hear a caso in the civil list before tho criminal list was disposed of. In making the application the applicant gave their Worships to understand that the case would : only last a fe.v minutes, aud after n patient hearing of an hour and a quarter, the Bench declared that it was against all English law to detain prisoners that longth of lime, and that would bo the Inst timo they would grant a similar application. ISxcursionists who havo occasion to go down the Ynrra on Sundays, still continue to com plain of tho practice of bathing in full view of passengurs by the steamers by youths and. young men, wlfb appear to gather great ainusomont from tho indecent oxirosure. Yesterday being warm the number of offenders wa« unusually large. Ono would havo thought tlio tilthmcss of the water would bo a suffi cient .deterrent, but it appears it is not, and a few jiolice in plain clothes should bo told 6ff tocatch a fow of tho bathers in order that they may bo made an oxnmplo of. Tlio inhabitants of tho quiet borough of Footscray were yesterday afternoon worked into a trifling stato of excitement by being suddenly invaded by a party of strange tiro- men, who, with a rcol and pair of horses covered in sweat and foam, canio galloping in by thu swamp road. In "Whitehall street thoy were mot by Trooper Kavanogh, and after a short conversation with him thoy retraced their steps. The liromun formed a portion of tlio City Fire Brigi\do. Their look-out man had reported what appeared to bo a largo firo in tho direction of Yarraville. The Footacr.iy police barracks woro telephoned to, . .'and Kavatingh lifter a cursory glanco expressed an opinion that the heavy body of smoke over hung tho Yarravillo smelting! works. Saddling his liorso ho made for tho supposed 'conflagration, only to find tliab tho Bt'noko coming Iroin a very low chimney could not for some reason, probably tlio stato of the utmos-' pherc, get away, and overhung tho samo sjiot, incteasing in volume each moment. Thu day being Su'uday, when factory chimneys, as a rule, are not smoking, gave further color that a firo was in progress. On returning to liis station Kavanogh was asked to stop tho party of firemen, who had been sent on. Williamstowu has recently become a notorious locality for tho presence of huge sharks and Btingarees. On Saturday a Go vernment employe, namod Richards, was amusing himself by throwing sticks in the water, at tho rear of tho old marine yard, for a valuable retriever to bring on shore. He suddenly observed a long blaok mass, fully 16 feet in longth; rUBli towards the dog as ho emerged. Attended by Water-Police Con- stnblo Roberts, Richards attempted to mako a capture of tho marine monster, which ItncI, in its anxiety to make a morsel of tho dog, shoved itself in shallow ' water. By - a violent effort, however, thu slutrk wriggled back into deep water, lUid escaiHil,. being chimed by iv crowd forsdmu distance along a narrow channel it wan eom|>elled to pursue. When discovered, tlm right hand and portion of t lm arm of tlm deceased unknown found ill tlm Ynrra yoMerdny near Yarravillo were up lifted, The feet woro ubo above wator. Tho ferryman, Bryant, Constables Huyloy and Kuriifordjiud a considerable amount of trouble to get the corpse ipto the boat. Oneo it uot foul of the dredge-chains, and thoy wore' puzzled to know how it had become en- tangled. When the head was brought to the surface, however, tho presence of nearly two yawl of .strong window cord, to which were securely attached four milwav fisH- plutos— fully half a hundredweight — together with two stones in (ho coat |H:ketg, gave thu solution to the difficulty. As there were no marks of foul play, tho police incline to thu belief of determined suicide. The odor from llieeorpse was so overpowering that both police officers suffered soverely from nausea throughout yesterday, Mr Drury will hold an inquest late (Ids afternoon in tlm local court- house. Mr. E. T. Apps writes I wish to give tho following particulars with a view of putting pleasure seekers on their guard, esjxjcially those xvho visit Heidelberg. While driving heme with a jwirty of geuUemun from a fishing excursion my horse slued at some dark obstacle on tho road, I turned back to ascer tain the cause. A largo black simko faced mo, ami it was after considerable trouble and breaking my whip tlmt .1 succeeded in killing the reptile, and havo brought it homo to allow you to see it if necessary ; ami I give you this information that you may caution tho public who visit near Heidelberg, for it wiw jUBt outside of the tea gardens this nidu of Heidelberg. . The Galcdontcn, steamer, attached to the AC. At. Co 's service, bound for Marseilles, was reported passing up tho South Channel at ik-15 this morning. On account of tho same company's steamer Natal arriving from Eng land this morning, the berth usually. occupied by these steamers at I'orc Melbourne had to glvo way for tho homeward bound vessel, which will take iu over 15,000 bales of wont mid other sundries prior to leaving on Wed nesday next. Tho Caledonian ahowa a fair passenger list, which will be added to on the steamer's arrival at Adelaide. Thu following vessels for this port arc now over 100 days out j— Augustina, Gsrnian shin, from Sundswnll, 27th September ; Blonds, Swedish barque, - from Soderimmn, 7th October j Enterprise, barque, from Gitlnm- "o» --« "-i-v.m-n . Willi i.i, um qui-, 1111111 Hamburg, 4th September ; G/da, Norwoigan barque, from Soderlinum, 4th Octolier ; llutro, German barque, from Sundswnll, 8th October ; Java, Swedish barque, from Gothenburg, (ith Octolier .Trior Hill, barque, from Sumiswul), !)th October. Iho steamship Adelaide, from Adelaide, passed through the Heads at tO.HO this morn- ing, having evidently liecn detained 011 account of heavy weather. Tlio staniner Southern Cross, from Hobart is due to-day, aud should reach the Bay this afternoon. A steamer, supftoscd to lm the Elatuang from Sydney, imssorl Wilson's Tronumtory at l).:50 this morning. This vessel ujwn arrival will fly the flag of the Q.S.S. Compauy, The Wcmlouree, steamer, from Sydney, wns sig nalled passing the same jmrt at 7 o'clock. Both vessels should reach tho Bay Into this afternoon. There was a very long list of cases nt tho Richmond Court this morning, principally charges of drunkenness, and it was urged by some of the magistrates present that a formal Court day ought to bo established on Mondays when tho business almost invariably exceeds that of Saturdays. Michael Irwin, who was charged with drunkenness, had called nt tho station on Saturday, and made somo most atrocious accusations against his wife. A con stable was sent down to her house to investi gate, and found that there was no truth in tho sensational statement. But tho man turned up again nt tho watchhousc, and tin ho was evidently suffering from drink ho wan locked up. lio pleaded that ho was not accustomed to whisky, but mot a friend from Echucn, whom lie had not seen for seven years, and they whiskied. Itaviiur been locked up sinco Saturday, ho was discharged. At tlio Port Melbourne Court this morning a seaman, named- Charles Fuller, was charged with stealing a purso containing L16 and a watch key, the property of Basto Johnson. Thu iatter's statement was to tho effect that ho went to bed in tho same room with pri soner in Atkins's boarding-house ou the night of tho 20th inst. 11c placed his purse, con taining L10, below his pillow, and in the morning when he awoko tho purso was gone aud tlio prisoner had also vanished. Fuller was subsequently wrested, and tlio pitrse, which then only contained L5 odd, was found in his possesion. Accused was remanded until Monday uoxt, Quito au .amusing incident occurred on Friday morning hist at Woodond railway tation. It appears that as, thu 0 a. m. down goods train arrived at that station two or three of thc cmptopes immediately set to work to undo one of tho tftrjKuiHnu of a truck for the purpose of discharging- somo goods. Uiwn lifting tho tarpaulin up ono of thu porters spied a man of considerably largo physique'" ami build lying on the floor of the truck, nml, being so suddenly thunderstruck with tho sight; ran away to the Htatiumnastor's office aiid reiwtcd that a ghost was in one of the trucks. Examination revealed tlio fact that the mysterious individual, who first stated he was a German, but subsequently admitted coming front tho North of Ireland, and that his name was John Mitchell Hooper, got into the truck at Spencer street station yard, lie having no money, lio alleged, to pay bis fare. He was brought up before tho local Court on Saturday last charged with travelling without a ticket ; but the magistrates, perceiving that ho was suffering from delirium tremens, ro- inandod'hiui 'to, thu Castlenming Hospital' for medical treatment./ Tho incident caused some amusement at Woodoud. A severe, example was made of a youth named William Vine, by. tho Prahran Bench, this morning, for using obscene Inngungo. It ap>eared that on Friday ovening last Con- stnblo 'Andrews, whilst walking up Chapel street in plain clothes, accidentally collided with tho defendant, " when tho latter turned round and gave vent to tho language com plained of. Vino submitted that ho « had justification for the offence, and tho Bonch re marking that there was uoputtihg up with "young infernal blackguards " infesting tlio streets, inflicted a finouf.Lfi, in default ono month's imprisonment. On tho ovening of Tuesday, the 1st o Fobruary, it is intended to celebrate tlio open- ingofavery fine now organ, which has just been placed in St. Martin's Church, Hawks- burn, with a special inaugural choral service.: The occasion will be nn exceptional one in the city, as 110 Icsh shan nino surpliced choirs will render tho musical portionof the service. After tho opening voluntary the choristers and clergy will inarch into tlm church to tlio familiar pro cessional hymn, " Onward, Christian soldiers. " Tho opening nntliom will bo " Of howainiabloaro thy dwellings." Tho psalms selected for tho occasion are 00, 148, 149, and 150, and the Canticles, Magnificat and Nunc Dim, as arranged by J. Stamer. Tho full choirs, with tlio verso parts by tho choir of Christ Church, South Ynrra, will then sing tho anthem, "I, was glad when they said unto ma wo will go into the Homo of the Lord." The following hymns (ancient and modem) will be used during thosorvicos —Nos. 242; 228, 890, 407, and 216 recessional. Tho choirs with their respective organists taking part in thu service "will be— Christ- Church, South Yarra, Mr J. Stevens; St John'B, Toorak, Mr W. Thomns ; Holy Trinity, Bnlaclava, Mr S. P. Ncedham ; Christ Church, St. Kilda, Mr If. Nott; St. George's, Malvern, Mr H. Bilton ; St. Mark's, Fitzroy, Mr O. Dmnerque ; All Saints, St, Kilda,Mr W. Hales ; and St. Martin's, Hawks- burn, MrE. H. Brumby. . Tlio attcndanco at tho Theatre Royal en Saturday night, to witness tho production of Robimiou Crusoe, wns a highly satisfactory one, and the reception accorded to tho pauto- roimo was very hearty. The Cogill Brothers and tho Brothers Matthews nra tho source of nn endless flow of amusement. Next week will bo tho last of this year's pantomime sea- Little Jack Sheppard at the Onera Uouso on Saturday night witnessed a renewal of th merriment which has atlnnded upon its pro mutation for tlm pant five weeks. After a run of that length, and with generally such largo attendances, it must ha quite unueceKsary to vuijeat tho praises of oitlier play or nlnyeru. Jt is ito own beit witness. At tlm Bijou, Mr Dnmtll, chwwl bin season 011 Saturday night by llio production of T|10 Koggarlh, his own Irish drama, tho story of absenteeism, of the swindling steward, and the murdered luiiniit-fnrmer. The ntteudaucu was not. as good an could huvo been wished but t he piocn was well received. ' Tho productions of tlm Italian Qimia pany ami of th" ltoyal Comic 0|x>mCoinpii; 1 on Saturday night last, aro noticed in unnfiicv part of this issue. Mr Clark's Silk Stockings Couqmny had its tiMiitl large complement of visitors 011 Satur day night, and Iho programme was carried through to general satisfaction. Mr Clark himself re-uppeaved at his place on tho Fryer's circus drew together another very huge attendance at tlm .Jnuamwo Villain) buildings, next to tho Alexandra Theatre, ou Saturday night. Tlio nmneroiis feats of jugglery and equestrianism, aud the excellent |H.'rfonunnerH of tho aeroliats mot with eon- timial plaudits. It is seldom that the public hero has been invited to seo hotter trained huracs than Mr Fryeru It is amiotmood that an addition will bo made to the company at Fryer's Circus this evening in tho person of Mr G, D. Davis, who will appear as nn additional jester. Mr Davis will bo ryiuumberud as appearing menu yearn ago us a very clover ventriloquist, and Imt powers iu this direction will probably aid him in his now ntfe. Tho Tooplu's Concert iu the Toui|>ernmxj Iinll, Russell street, woh very largely attended on Saturday evening, when tho Buckley Irish Coinedy Company made their second appear ance iu a dnmatio and variety entertainment. Hie entertainment commenced with a vaude ville, entitled "Sweethearts," and this was followed by mi olio of songs and dances, encores being frequent. Tho wludo concluded with an amusing farce, entitled " Bnrney tlio Baron," which was .received with roars of laughter, mid writ the audience away in tho Ix'ftt of humors. The birthday. of Robert Burns is to bo celebrated by Mr Roliert Kennedy iu tho Atlieiiieum 1.1 nil, to-morrow evening, when ho will give one of his popular nntertninmeuts, now so well known and so hum-lily enjoyed not by Scotchmen alone, but by all. The pro- gramme for this "Nicht wi Burns," includes six songs before and five following thu interval. Signor Zehiiun will act um accompanist. Iho second display of Brock's fireworks, ou tlio Alelbourtm Cricket Ground, will bo held to-night, commencing, as before, at 8.45 p.m. The grounds will bo completely iilumhmli'd, ami the arrangements of the fireworks are likely to he far better than on tho first occa\ aion, when tho men and boys employed wiiro quite new to tho business. Messrs Brock and Co. intend giving tho same performance over again with the corrvctioiiH made iu lasb Friday evening's entertainment. Wanieuke'g band will commcnco playing at 7.80, aud tho gates open at 7 o'elock. The programme will be fouud in our advertising columns. The degree of LL.D. has been conferred ujion Miss Amelia B. Edwards, of New York, by tho governing body of Smith College, Northampton, Mass., U.S. A. This U tho first time on record that this honor 1ms been conferred upon a woman. Tho rngc for inrentionn whereby to rcndec torpedo boats more destructive hi time of war, hc.Lina— if things iuammutu could bu supposed to sympathise— to extend itself to the (mats themselves, Says the United Service Guzctt just to hand " News has reached Rome thajb two toriK-ilo vessels built in the Baltic for tho Indian Navy were ou their voyngo to Italy, when one of them ran into and rank the other off tho Spanish coast." Tlmduiungcd stirviumg vessel put iu for repairs. The boats were lost) from Portsmouth. Mr G. A. Sulu, tho well-known journalist), has recently hcun writing upon "Happy Mar riages." As lie lius seen as much of the world aim of its ways as most men his opinion iqioii tho subject is worth having. Ho soys: "I havo seen a good deal of husbands and wiveg' iu my time, and if I have any faculty of obser vation it has generally led iuu to tbe. conclusion that the happiest marriages aro those in wlucU tho brido when alio cornea to tho altar rails has lu tbe way of this world's goods precisely what) she stauds upright in and no more." There linn been recently laid before tho Gerniau Imperial Dicta rejKjrt 011 the news- palters of tho world. It appears from this that tlio total number of newspapers is 34,000, tlio issues of which amount every year to upwards of 602,000,000. Of theso issues 19,000 appear in Europe, 12,000 in North America, 775 in Asiu, and 000 In South America, The English language claims no lesa than 10,50,0 tho German 7800, the French 3350, ami tho Spanish 1000. Calf lymph vaccinntion is advertised to tako pluco at Kirk's Bazaar to-morrow. Miss Tussle B, Chapman dolivcrs her last locturo in Melbourne this eveniug, in thu ITall of Science, Bouvlcu street east. Wo are requested to draw attention to tbo advertisement that Edith O'Gormnn, tho Reaped Nmt, will give' a charitable lecture on Thursday evening next, at tlio " Teninraneo Hall, Russell street. The lecture will be tho last this hidy will givo in Melbourne. Wo have been requested to draw attention to a continuation nt the WilliiunHtown Mechanics' Institute, of ono portion of tho Into grand .opora carnival. To-morrow night and tho two .following niglits the lolautho . stail-holdcrs, projxwe to treat tho local public to. a fair and promenade concerts. The hall will "bo profusely'decoratud with scenes from the various operas. Attention is drawn to tho fact that tho com plimentary banquet to welcome Mr Joseph lJosisto, C.M.G., M.I\, President of tho Victorian Commission of thu Indian and Colonial Exhibition, London, .will tnhc place at tho Richmond Town llall, on Tuesday, 8th February. TickeU in ay bo obtained from the ' Executive Comtuitceo and . joint secretaries whose names appear in our advertising columns ' of to-day. 