The second exhibition of the work of the students attending the art classes at the National Gallery was opened on the 25th April by the Premier, in the presence of a large assemblage. Sir George Verdon, chairman of the trustees, said that very gratifying progress had been made in the schools during the year. There were now 187 students attending the classes, being as many as could be accommodated in the present rooms. The judges, in their report upon the exhibits, bore testimony to the distinct advance made upon the work presented in the previous exhibi tion. The gold medal, together with the travelling scholarship now awarded for the first time, enabling the winner to spend three years in Europe, was awarded to Mr. J. Longstaff, for his painting entitled "Breaking the News." Mr. Gillies, the Premier, presented the prizes, and, in congratulating the trustees and students upon the success already attained, said he looked forward to the day when we should have a National Gallery of paintings by local artists which would do credit to the colony of Victoria. A BEQUEST of £5,000 to the University of Melbourne has been made by the late Mr. W. T. Mollison. The terms of the bequest have been communicated to the chancellor by the Trustees, Executors, and Agency Company. Mr. Mollison's object was to encourage the study, and especially the speaking, of modern languages. Power is given to the council of the University to nominate two trustees for the purpose of founding two or more Scholarships, tenable for three years, to be competed for by young persons of either sex between the ages of 17 and 19. The examinations are to be held in Victoria, and the scholarships to be awarded to those candidates who shall show "the best knowledge of French, Italian, or some living Oriental language. "It is my wish," the testator added, "that regard should be had chiefly to fluency of speaking." The Council are given full power to substitute for the languages mentioned any living language, and are left free to modify the directions of the will if they deem it expedient. The scholar ship is to be called "The W. T. Mollison Scholarship." (writpVlh58 i-£ the telegraph officials on the overland telegraph Northorn ?p ? J'lian Tennison Woods in his papers on the denfal* &t; ierritory) .wo«ld be extremely lonely but that a consi thetewSJSiP?'88 ^th the outaide world is kept up by means of but all f h P hne- To the Katherine also there is a weekly mail, . nicationn fo0f t»ern 8tfttion3 have to depend on chance commu At tho nfnf9 '^tera. which occur only at intervals of months, of Burnt™.!? . ro waa nn ft3s|atant to Mr. Murray, and a couplo nude un fh«WOirl-\men- There w«° aIso Chlneao servants, which oup tQ0 white population. Of blncka there were no end. For safety sake they were not allowed to camp within a mile of the station. Only those employed were permitted to come near the house, and on no accounts were allowed to fire any weapon All these precautions were very necessary. They are adopted on nil the stations on the overland line, and thus bloodshed and outrage have been comparatively few. Once a settlement is made ' in the interior it is impossible to keep the blacks away. They i cpme'for food, which they thus 'obtain in a more certain and abundant supply than when they are dependent on hunting. I Anything satisfies them, provided that the quantity is large. The ' offal ot the cattle consumed on the station is good fare. Alon-» the telegraph they are very quiet now, and single travellers go to and fro right across the continent without molestation. But it is not so safe to the east or west — as, for instance, on the ltoper or the Victoria Rivers. There the natives are dangerous and bloodthirsty. But even' single travellers sometimes come safely through theBe countries. Of course many tail, and there is a yearly list of casualties. I was astonished to find that there was a great deal' of local business at the telegraph station, and as for callers they were almost, as numerous as the sundowners in the south. ' There was a rush just then overland from Carpentaria - to Cambridge Gulf, and it wa3 wonderful how many men came up from the southern colonies, making journeys of 1,000 and 1,500 miles on foot. A few perished, but the loss of lite on the way was surprisingly small. A JtvsTJsnious ghost story comes from near Yanyarrie, about 17 miles lrom Cradock, South Australia. At the house of a farmer named Hamdorlf, during April, an unaccountable knock ing was heard at various parts of the building. Mounted constable Mitchell, accompanied by Messrs. H. Hayward and A. J. Graham, determined to thoroughly investigate the matter. The party arrived at the -house about half-past 8 on April 25, and, found the place a 'pine-and-pug tenement on the banks of the Boolcunda Creek, about 30 yards from a waterhole. The proprietor had left for Quorn, taking with him his wife and a little girl about seven years old. Two boys, aged fourteen and' nine respectively, were keeping house. At 9 p.m. the light was blown out, the boys having stated that the 'ghost' appeared soon'' after the light was extinguished. Within two or three minutes, two of the party heard a low distant Bound as of a splash from a heavy stone dropped into a pool of water, followed by footsteps,, immediately succeeded by a distinct knocking at the outside of the chimney. Two at once went outside, but could see nothing, (it was a very dark night); but heard the' knocking on the inside. The knocking was as loud and distinct as an ordinary knock at the door. After a lew minutes Mr. ' Mitchell' went outside; and Messrs. Hayward and Graham took his place inside, but to each the knocking appeared to proceed from the other side of the wall. They asked various questions, which were replied to by knocks, and on one of the parties asking the knocker to 'knock louder,' the next shook the building. After nearly an hour's duration the noise ceased about 10 p.m., and the party soon after proceeded to 'camp,' but not to sleep. About 2 n.rn. the sounds recommenced, and continued till nearly 3 a.m., when the 'supernatural visitant' decamped, leaving lio trace behind. During the second visit they each went round and round the house in turns, but to no purpose, though the knocking was heard at almost every part, and several times so-sharp as to make the building tremble. Many of the neigh bours and residents of Carrieton attest the reality of the sounds. Of course there are incidental rumours afloat of a shepherd drowned near the spot many years ago, and of a flitting form having been observed by people out at night horse-hunting. It was in consequence of their observing that the knocking was only heard when their little daughter was present that the Haradorffs took her to Quorn. No sounds were heard there. They returned to their house on the 27th, and on the evening of that day the little girl was sitting on an empty box about a foot square when knocking was heard within the box. Mrs. Hamdorff, on retiring, ; took the child into her own bed, placing her on the inside, next the wall.. Shortly afterwards a loud knocking took place in the wall just where she lay. The little one was then put in the middle of the bed, between Mr. and Mrs. Hamdorff, and; immediately the sounds proceeded from the end wail exactly above the girl's head. . The following day they removed from the house, as they could not sutler it any longer. [When anything occurs which people cannotiinmediately explain they attribute it to supernatural causes. The writer of a story in The Axt-stralasian, founded on an actual fact, relates how he was thrown off his balance by hearing strange clapping— 'phantom applause'— after he had finished reading aloud a sentence or two of the article be was composing. He discovered after making a long and anxious search that the noise was caused by a large moth behind the door.l ? ' . 