A WILD CHRISTMAS DAY IN THE SOUTH SEAS. Br J. G. Mine was a queer billet, that of Government agent on board a recruiting vessel in the South Seas — whether from Fiji or Queensland does not much matter, I suppose. Now, a Government agent's duties are primarily to see personally every native recruited, and that the lad comes of his own frco will, not being pressed or forced by the boat steercr (who is also recruiter) on the one side, or the local chief on the other. So, as may be supposed, the agent's tirno while at the islands is principally passed in the boats. The old M B — — , a topsail schooner of 80 tons or so, was a most unlucky vessel, and had a most sinister reputation. She was found originally years ago drifting about the Solomon Group — a derelict, as the seamen say, without a soul on board — hooks, logs, compass, and everything movable all gone, but otherwise in good condition enough. A trader got her from the Solomon tribe that had secured her for a bos of Barrett's, twist tobacco. Most probably her crew had been surprised, killed and eaten, by the wild man-eaters of these parts, where human flesh is a staple bill of fare injhis year of our Lord 1887. Yet a second time was this schooner found drifting about in the neighborhood of Fiji, with three natives only onboard her, who would not or could not give any account of themselves. The vessel's log showed she had last anchored off Cherry Island, and from that out nothing was known of the fate of her captain, officers and crew. Talking of Cherry Island, 'tis a South Sea puzzle, a lone small island in the Western Pacific, half-way between tho New Hebrides group and that of Santa Cruz, surrounded on all sides by the dark skinned, woolly headed Pacific negro race. These Cherry Islanders are among tho lightest skinned people in tho South Seas ; they are tho color of Spaniards and ; physically the perfection of man and womanhood, all tho men I saw being over 6 feet. They are also very brave as well as treacherous. Who they are or where they came from originally no one seems to know. Looking at these people as they throng and sport over your 'vessel, the fact is irresistibly borne in on your mind that they have European blood — the Caucasian type. Arc they the de scendants of the Spaniards— of some of that bravo baud led by tho heroic Torres, who actually formed settlements at Santo, a New j Hebrides island about 200 miles off, perhaps, some. three centuries ago ; or of the buccaneers, traditions of whose pre sence in the Solomon Group arc still preserved : 1'tis reported, and only reported, that no traces of European words exist in tho island lan guage. Be that a9 it may, the people them selves havo no traditions, or more probably, refuse to tell- them. I have asked personally, without a result. Whites who have lived ou their island are scarce — like dim Bludso. " Wall, no ; 1 can't tell where they lives.' Because they dou't live, you see 1 Leastways, they've got out of the habit of living, like you and mo." On the other hand, theso people are not cannibals, as the natives ou tho islands round thhm are. Altogether Cherry Island and its handsome inhabitants are a mystery — a South Sea enigma. But to return to our yarn. Even a third time did this luckless vessel lose all her crew — this timo it was known by massacre. As lyou may guess, my feelings were not very lively when I found myself on board such an old tub of a craft, more especially when my friends (eren a Government agent has a few friends) came off to .bid mo a final good bye, as most of them candidly assured me (such was the bad odor of the vossel) they never ex pected to sco me again ; only for very shame's sake I would have left her then and there, aud it took all my philosophy and the reflection that, after all, it was not the fault of the old vessel, whoover's fault it was, that she met so many and frequent mishaps, to make me hold my ground. Bosidcs ail this, after wo were at sea a few days I began to find out that onr captain was, to say tho least of it, eccentric. Sailors call a spade a spade as a rule, and they used only a word of one syllable when speaking of the captaiu and his vagaries. Seamen, like all persons who carry their lives iu their hands, are superstitious, and dire were tho dismal fore bodings of officers aud rnon at our ill fated schooner aud her extraordinary captain. Tho latter soqu gave us a touch of his quality iu this wise: Wo wanted wood and water, so anchored at Big Bay, North Santo, at tho mouth of tho Jordan (or Ororo, as the natives call it). This river is about the size of tho Yarra, or perhaps a little less. By the way, some G or 7 miles up this stream is tho very place where the Spaniards made a settlement some timo iu the sixteenth century : the crumbling walls of their forts can yet beseeu. They must have dealt by the native with a heavy baud, as at present tho whole neighborhood is strict " tabu." No nativo will approach within a mile of tho old forts, aud tho locality is given ov9r to ghosts and hobgoblins of tho first water and wicrdcst power. So say the " boys." As iu Ireland every male under 40 is a " boy " boreabouts. Well, we anchored off the mouth of tho Jordan, in tho ovoiiing, with a lowering sky, aud blowing half a gale oh a leo shoro ; heavy breakers rolled on tho saqds, and whero the strong current of thp river met tho wind and tide they assumed a larger 6izo ; however, in tho morning wo hoped tho wind would fall, aud tho sea go down. But at daylight tho lookout was much the same. Ouo of tho officers had just said, "No wood or wator this day," when tho captain camo on dock, and tho order rang out sharp and clear in tho morning air, " Lower away port and starboard boats for wood and water." Had a bomb fallen amongst us we could not havo been more surprised. But a captain on board his own vossel is supreme, and slowly lire hands began to make ready. Now it was part of my duties to accompany the boats when leaving the vessel for any purpose. However, I was so taken by surpriso at the Order just given, I had not moved trom the waist of the vessel, where I had been standing, when I heard the captain's voice say, "Now, Mr. Government agent, tho biats will leave in % minutes." Both tho mates now pame up, afid whisperingly urgod me to remonstrate with tho captain, as no boat coald livo in the mighty billows on tho river bar. This I refused to do ; it was their business, not mine ; but they had do stomach for it cither, The captain evidently expected some such request, as he watched Us critically with the canning of an eccentric, Ho only wanted some such action on o'ur parts, So as to enable him to sneer for a week afterwards, and hint we were afraid — not game, and sp oil. Wo were all fair swimmers, end acciiatomCd to boat work, so I said to the mates, it would be only an upset and a swim, anci the only danger was the chanc'o of sharks, " And a very likely chance, too," muttered our burly first mate. So wo agreed to risk it, and I went to mv cabin to get ready. Now, usually tire get ting ready consisted in donning a heavy revol ver and Martini rifle, ammunition and trade bag, as generally no one thinks of going at$- where in the South Seas unarmed ; but on this occasion off went boots, trousers, shirt, and in tho Adamlike dress of two yards of calico, a hat and belt, I hastened to take my place in the boat. As Ipassed,the captain said, "What, going ashore without arms, and in that rig ?" " Oh ! I am not going ashore, captain — only for anupset and a swim," and so with a " Give way there," off we started. Just before this, how ever, one of the native boat's crew backed out, said he could not sfrim well, so my own Oba boy, who swam like an otter, and pulled a good oar, took bis place. The first mate, in whose boat I sat, was dressed, or rather undressed, in much tho same style as your humble servant — beauty unadorned is adorned tho most you know. The river's month was scarce 300 yards off. The boat of tho first mate prepared to lead — the Sniders of tho crew were lashed under the thwarts. Another of the men here lost his nerve, and got the shakes, a Tanna man at that, so I had to take his oar. Now is our time ; the last huge breaker is spending its force on the bar, another gathers behind us. "Give way there, all together," yells the first mate, as he stands " square on," holding with steady hand and set face his huge steer oar. Tho swift whalo boat like a gull to its prey, dashes at the bar, the great roller surges up behind ; we ell pull like demons, tho boat is lifted up behind almost perpendicularly — a roar in onr cars — and — whetv — we are in the still water of the river, filled to tho brim, but not upset, the strong skilful hang of our boat stcerer had kept her " end on" through it all, but our four stout ash oars had snapped like pen handles. The second boat prepared to shoot Niagara now, but something went u'rArig with her, someone quailed at tho wrong moment, for an instant she lay broadside on the crest of the vast roller like a cockle shell, aud the next OTcr and over and over she rolled, boatmen and oars all mingled together oh the top of the groat wave on tho bar j We swam out and helped our comrades in ; the second mate looked so comical mounted astride ou the keel of his upturned boat ; this, together with tho released tension of nerve and muscle, set us off, and they heard us laughing on the. ship, the " boys " dived inside tho bar and got the rifles which had not been tied on in the other boat; one of her oars only was broken. The natives then came down'; some of us knew them, fortunately, and they turned out to be iu good humor and were very friendly ; ouo fellow even offering in the excess of his friend ship our disrobed first mate tho ouiy garment ho wore — a dirty shirt. After some hours tho tide made, tho water became deeper at tho bar and the breakers not so large iu consequence. 'Tis much easier aud less dangerous to go out against an ocean roller than to como in on it. The reader may ask how two boats got out with only three oars ? Easily ; sailors are full of resource. The second mate's boat went first, and when outside tho troubled water, used the blades of the broken oars as paddles, aud threw the oars on the bar, when of course they floated in to us, aud so wc followed. . After this I need hardly say the relation; between the captain and his officers did not im prove, and .after some little timo they did not speak to each other, except about duty, and I stuck pretty well to my books and cabiu. Christmas drew ou apace, and matters did not seem to mend with us, so at last, late on Christmas .Eve, we anchored at a large bay on the lee coast of Pentecost Island, New Hebrides, known by the too suggestive title of "Murderers," or Bat-nap-no Bay. Tho tribe who frequented this bay was known as one of tho most treacherous in the New Hebrides ; their chief Tavi-se-so was a blood thirsty, man-eating savage ; only a few mouths before the mato of the May Queen had been tomahawked by this cannibal bruto, as tho maa stooped iu his boat's stem to get from tho trado box a present of tobacco for tho treache rous chief. A British man of war, for a wonder, undertook to avengo this wanton murder, but Tavi-se-so was equal to the occa sion. - Tho mate of a merchant vessol agreed to act as guide to tho town for tho ormed party from the war vessel, but was shot dead in tho narrow track by a concealed 6avngo. Without a guide iu tho thick scrub the blue jackets had simply to return as thoy came. Such was the stato of affairs ou our arrival. Wo lay two miles or so off from tho land, which we could hardly mako out through the mist, rain aud gathering darkness, riding uneasily to botli auchors, one tho best bower. Tho gusty and rising wiud off shore blew shrilly aud yet more shrill through our standing rigging ; tho cap. tain was as grum as tho ship's figure head — uot u pleasant Christmas by any menus — but we hoped better things iu the morning, but uo, the outlook was much tho same as on tho pre vious night, occasionally wo saw the land through a rift in tho rain clouds and that was about all. At this juncture wo woro all oloc. trified by hoaring tho captain ordering boats to bo lowered for recruiting, tho mates stared nt each other in blank dismay, aud again pressed mo to interfere. What, they whispered, a boat can baroly livo in such a jei, sho is liable to bo swamped at any rabmifit, and tho Man-bo-liur tribe will cortainlv (fat us if thoy can catch us— 'tis rink madness— still I refused to speak to tho captaia J hoii on& of us thought of a small littio circular boit cove at tho southern cud of tho big bay, fhp/o the boats could be sheltered from etey gust, ;two or throo large eaves were thero also, where we could all get under cover from the storm, this was all told in a few words, and ,wo agreed to spend our Christmas there. I : was to delay getting ready as much as possible, ,wbilo one of the mates made love to the '/doctor (as the ship's cook is generally called) ;fOr any Christmas fare he had, and so all hands 'made ready to lower with great apparent zeal, land I went to my cabin to prepare also ; the captain appeared puzzled (as well he might) at our readiness j ho knew nothing of the little -boat bay nnd the caves. I don't know if ever ;I remember feeling a reluctance to (ace danger before ; however, 1 felt it on this occasion. jChristmas had ever been an unlucky time for me and mine. The sinister reputation of the people also, the half gale blowing with- out, all together made me feel strangely reluctant to get ready. 1 had a sort of pre sentiment even that 1 would not return. Header have yon ever felt such presentiments; if so, you know what a 6trong hold they take of a fellow. So strong was the feeling on this occasion, that I made my will, called the captain down to the cabin to witness it (giving the cook and mat a chance), and coolly told him to give it to the proper authorities if 1 did not return. . This seemed rather to stagger him, but he said nothing — and so to the boat. I don't remember to have encountered before snch on angry wind and sea as the boats met when we drew clear of the ship. We only showed the merest fragment of a sail, and just lay onr coarse almost close hauled, one holding . the sheet (no belaying now), while the other steered ; one of the boat's crew continually haling, as we shipped seas every minnte, not withstanding all the skill of the mate at the big steer oar. We tore through the water, and in a minnte or two lost sight of the ship in the £erce spume of the gale. As luck would have it we just made onr little cove, and in a very short time the boats were resting peacefully ia its comparatively calm waters. The caves were explored, and found just the thing we wanted. It was settled that yours truly, as knowing the people best, should open communications with the natives, avoiding carefully the Man-bo-hur tribe and Tavi-se-se. Very carefully indeed I went to work, hatless, coatless and bootless, with nothing on but brown colored shirt nnd trousers, revolver on hip nnd rifle in hand I stole through the narrow forest track, while the gale rattled overhead among the trees. After a couple of miles of this sort of work, 1 heard some one singing, native fashion, at the top of the voice. Executing a careful stalk, I was delighted to find I knew the singer ; he belonged to another tribe, the foes of the Man- ho-hnrites ; wc had met in other climes, and were old friends. After a rubbing of noses (native fashion), and a shaking of hands (white Iashion), I told him 'twas Christmas time with ns, and we wanted two or three young pigs and half a dozen fowls, and would pay hand somely. He had seen Christmas among the whites aforetime, and was delighted — swore he wonld bring down the whole tribe to the caves and kava, pigs and fowls ; and he was as good as his word, for in an hoar or two afterwards the wholo tribe were down on us— men, women and children, in all 300 or 400 wild savages led by my singing friend. Then began the fun ; the pigs smoked on their funeral pyres, the fowls paid the debt of nature, the great kava bowls were brought oat, and the grog root of the South Seas pounded up on stones by the lads and lasses ; they pound and . don't chew it in this part of the world; the latter process obtains, though, on many of the other islands. Wc were old Sontli Scaitcs, and conld drink and enjoy onr kava with anyone. The ship's cook wus generous — preserved meat ad. lib., a huge duff, tea made in the boat's baling backets, and even a solitary representa tive of tho juice of the juniper berry graced the board, or rather sands of the cave, flanked on each side by roast pig whole, and so we feasted, and our sable friends also, the women and chil dren enjoying thoroughly their first tosto of hot awcct tea and ship's biscuits, and then wc pledged one another in flowing bowls of kava — the cup that cheers hut does not inebriate, each man as he raised the half cocoanut shell brimming to his lips, yelling out his toast at the top of bis voice, after the island manner. One of our fel lows played the accordion, nnd Hale Britannia and Britons Never Shall he Slaves, and rattling choruses that sailors lore, made the roof of the old cave ring again. Then 200 warriors sprang up and danced the war dance, and chanted the war song of the tribe, dressed in their best, with red and blue paint, and which cannot he described better that in the words of the inimit able " Bishop" of " Rum-ti- foo" — Except u she!!— a bangle rare, A feather here, a feather there, Tho South Pacific negroes wear rticlr native nothingness. Savage guards of the tribe watched without rifle in hand for the coming of Tavi-sc-se, but ho came not Then our Scotchman, fired at the sight of dancing, gave us the sword dance of his country, with long knives instead of swords, amidst fond plaudits. The matrons of the tribe gave next a stately sort of minuet, nnd then our Irishman, primed with sundry huge bowls of kava, sprang to the front with revolver in belt nnd with loaded snider, used shillelagh fashion, danced jigs and reels galore, to the delight of the natives. The storm yelled without, the people yelled within. The girls danced and Eang, then the hoys ; then a dusky beaaty, ' 1 clothed in inno cence," a dark Lady Godivn, was per suaded to try a polka with one of us, then a waltz, to tho extravagant amusement of the wholo lot During an eventful life I have spent a few queer Christmas days, but never a wilder one than this. Three hundred wild cannibals of all ages, sizes and sexes, innocent of clothes, dancing in the half gloom of a great cavern, amidst the ruddy gleam of the fires, the windshowling and wailing, without formed alto gether snch a weird, wild and extraordinary scene ot movement ana excitement as it bas been tho lot of few to see and tako part in. And so the evening drew on apace, end the gale began to blow itself out, and as tho sun set we returned to our boats. Every nntivogot a pipe and fig of tobacco, even to tho baby in arms, and amid many nose rabbi ugs, not to mention sundry smclliags and snufliugs (the natives most endearing caress), wc started, the boom of tho ship's gun sonnding in our ears, and, guided by the vessel's lights, got on board some time after dark, all pledged to secrecy. " What delayed yon r " (this from tho captain.) " Waited for the breeze to go down," we answered, and so ended the wildest Christmas it was ever tho writer's lot to spend. "> What's that you 6ay ? Oh I What happened to the old hulk? Well, we got ashore five time,, before we got to port, and as tho hardy sailors sprang ashore to be paid off, they swore by all their gods they wonld never set foot in the old M R again with her cranky captain. After onr trip she was fitted out for a trading cruise, new chums were shipped, and — she never came hack. Years after, down Georgia way, in of tho wildest parts of tho Solo mons, I met a man who knew the Tessel. Three days' sail by canoe from where wo were, at a yet more wild and barbarous island, where trader never anchors but to be taken, the unlucky vessel nnchorcd — that anchor was never tripped again. Stay-at-homes may say that nowadays a largo Tessel may anchor anywhere ; by no means. Thero are hun- dreds ot places in the wuu soiomons no matter what the size of the vessel may he (unless indeed a man of war), whero to anchor for the night is to die ; so it was in this case. Under cover of the darkness the cannibals came down in their thousands, the crew slept, whether asleep or awake 'twas equal, after anchoring her doom was scaled — another mas sacre — another vessel burned — another cannibal feast ; such was the fate of the unfortunate M R Vuila tout. To be eaten is mostly the ultimate fate of many of the hardy white adventurers in the western South Soas ; such is the final result, if the trader remains long enough. It may be postponed- for ye;rs, or it may happen at. . once ; but tho result is generally certain sooner or later. Everyone who gees down to these seas in ships has to face this almost' certain probability. I don't think "ye that stay at home at ease" realise all this. I can assure you the feeling is to many minds most repugnant. A century or so ago the whole of seagoing Europe was kept iu a con tinual state of terror by a few pirates from the coast of Algiers ; the old writers arc full of the horrors of white slavery among the Moors and the daring of the Sallee Hovers as they were called. Not a merchant sailed the Mediter ranean, bat before he started made his will and settled his affairs. We almost fail to realise this state of matters nowadays. Similarly, a cen tury hence, our children's children will look with surprise and incredulity at a phase of thought that considered the cutting down of a few cocoanut trees, the burning of a few grass huts, the breaking of a few canoes, nnd finally the payment of a few pigs, as sufficient punish ment for the taking of British vessels and the blood of British seamen. A great public speaker at home a few months ago ascribed to the English of to- day a certain soft-hearted- ness and womaaishness, if I may use the term ; and I imagine few will gainsay him in this part of the world. If the bold spirits ot our fathers, .the shades of Drake, Rilcigh, Anson, Cook, can look down on us from their places, what must they think of their descen- dants, who consider n few pigs an equivalent for the lives of British seamen ? Bnt cnougli of this — I may add that the above incidents arc true, and as correct in their details as I c.n make tbem. I am conscious my pen has failed adequately to describe the wild scenes I passed through then, but I can only wish my readers as merry a Christmas as that Epent by me some few years ago in the sunny, lotus-eating South Seas. , 