OUR LONDON LETTER. f mow oca own correspondent, j LONDON. 15th July. Lord Salisbury seems to be in no particular baste to release England from the humiliating position into which the prolonged negotiations bv Sir Henry Wolff with the Sultan for the evacuation of Egypt have placed her. The ultimatum was pronounced that the plenipo tentiary was to leave Constantinople a tort- night ago ; but ho has lingered on, the Sultan prevailing upon the British Premier to grant a few days' delay, and at the expiration of that time demanding a further post ponement. On Monday lust it was announced in the House of Commons that Sir II. D. Wolff was absolutely to leave Turkey to-day, whether the Convention had been ratified or not ; hut now it is stated that he is to remain until to-morrow. And all this trouble is taken to try and induce Turkey to accept a favor from England. Lord Salisbury does not even appear disposed to treat tho matter seriously, for when replying to a question by Lord Eoseberv as to the progress of the negotiations, lie was understood to say that Sir Drummond Wolff was not - in a stato of " snspended animation," as Lord Rosebery had suggested, but rather in a con dition of " animated expectancy." Both speakers have denied having used tho words attributed to them, but whatever they said it was sufficiently facetious to set the Ilonso " in a roar," aud was probably not so witty as the expressions they repudiate. Lord Randolph Churchill has received tho lion's share of the blame for having despatched Sir Henry Wolff on this mission ; bnt he has disclaimed any responsibility for the appoiutment, and ns . the negotiations arc understood to havo cost no less than £27,000, it is not diffi cult to conceive that Lord Randolph, in his zeal for economy, shudders at being accused of incurring such an expenditure with tho sole result of rendering his country ridiculous in the eyes of the world. A complicated crisis has overtaken the affairs of the Bulgarian Government. No sooner had the Sobraujo unanimously elected Prince Fer dinand than dissensions which had been long smouldering burst into name, and occasioned first the abdication of the Regents and then the resignation of the Ministry, Tho immediate cause of the disagreement was very trivial, and it is to be deplored that men who have proved their ability to guide, an oppressed pcoplo through a period of trouble aud danger should havo descended to dtspute among them selves as to a mere punctilio. It appears that a parade of the troops was ordered on Saturday last and that one of the Regents attended, and, having reviewed tho men, dismissed them. Soon after M. Nicolaieff, the Minister lor War, ap peared on the ground and becauio very angry when he found that tho men had been dismissed iuhis absence, accusingthe Regent, M. Radosla- volr, of a gross breach of discipline. High words ensued, and, the other Regents support ing their colleague, while the Ministry defended Al, Nicolaieff, tho rupture became complete. It is understood that the Sabranjo have refused to accept the resignations of tho Regents, it being hoped that before long tbc Powers will have recognised Prince Ferdinand, and M. Stoiloff having formed a new Ministry, the crisis has been quickly surmounted. Rumors with refer ence to the attitude cf the. Powers towards Prince, Ferdinand havV L-:6n plentiful' during' the week, but it is generally believed that only Russia and-her jackal, France, will raise any objection to his election, "and, ns I fore shadowed last week, it is thought that the Czar's opposition will bo overcomo by some pro tormii concession. Several of tho German papers have stated that l'rinco Ferdinand has mauo up his mind to withdraw iiis acceptance of the throne, but the fact that he has appointed to- day to receive a deputation who will formally offer him the rulership proves that he is determined to persevere with liis candidature. By cable we havo learned that .Prince Ferdinand has proceeded to Bulgaria. They have had n stillborn revolution in France this week. Thursday, the anniversary uf tho fall of the Hostile, had for some time been looked forward to with great anxiety on account of tho fanatical enthusiasm of the Boulangists, and gravo apprehensions were entertained that somethingnppronchingnrovolu- tion, if not an actual coup d'etat with General Boulanger proclaimed dictator, , would be attempted. The /ere, however, passed off very ' quietly, only some.2Q0q jpiijjbers of thoPatriotic League assembling to ulaoo wreaths before the stutnes'df-Strashurg anddJq'an of-Arc. Genera . lidulauger's sympathisers in ilio Chamber have however, been extremely unruly, and a com plaint by the Premier that the President of the Chamber had not maintained order was fol lowed by the resignation of M. Floqnct, tbc functionary in question. He was pacified, how ever, by a unanimous vote of confidence, and lie consented to withdraw his resignation. Tha snarling at Germany still goes on, and it exemplifies the phlegmatic temperament of the Teuton that no serious notico has been taken of the continual covert attacks and insults. Substantial progress has been made by tho British Parliament with tho measures for the government of Ireland. On Friday last Mr. Gladstone's amendment for tho rejection of the Criminal Law (Ireb.ud) Amendment Bill was negatived hy n majority of 87, and tho third rending was carried without a division. This seems to show, as Lord Harrington very pertinently said last week, that all the debate or denunciation that has bceu indulged in by tho Ho:nu Rulers has not gained them a single vote, for Mr. Parnell's amendment to tho address was lost hy 108 votes, the motion to apply the closuic was carried by exactly the same number, and there was a majority of 101 ou the division for tho second reading. Allow ing for the large number of pairs and for the vacancies caused by elevations to tho peerage, the numbers aro almost identical, the persistent obstruction of the past four months being so much absolutely wasted energy. In all 45 nights were taken up with the Crimes Bill, to which may he added the three nights during which the House discussed the charges contained in tha articles in the Times entitled Parneliisin and Crime, and the bill was before the committee for 20 nights before Air. Extinguisher Smith interfered. In the House of Lords tho incasnre is making much more rapid progress ; it was read a first time on Monday, aud last night tho second reading was agreed 10 witiiouc a division. The Irish Laud Bill has found its way into the Commons, and has passod its first and second readings, not, however, without obvious symptoms of a determination on the part of the Homo Rulers to attempt an obstruction as determined in its character as that raised against the Crimes Bill. The provisions of this measure are, how ever, not altogether satisfactory to the Liberal Unionists, and it is understood that the Govern ment have consented to several important amendments, especially in tlio bankruptcy clauses. The cession is expected to close early in Augast, and there seems little chauco of auythiug important beyond the Irish legislation being attacked. One motion advocating fiscal reform was to havo been debated last Friday, and another had been granted a night next week, bat both have been burked by the resolution giving up tho whole of the time of the House to Government business. This is a serious misfortune, but it is evident that a settlement of the Irish question is of tho first importance, and it is only rcgrctahlo that so much valuable time has been wasted in use less obstruction. Protection in some form or other will assuredly be a -burning question in the near future, and those who have the matter in baud are slowly but surely strengthening their forees, the logic cf facts proving stronger than the deductions of theory. An important factor in the settlement of the Irish difficulty will undoubtedly be the report of Monsigaor Persico, the Pope's missicner to Ireland, whose instructions Arc to the effect that he is to go throughout the length and breadth of tho land inspecting and inquiring so as to be able to present to his Holiness, " as plainly as if he saw it with iiis own eyes," a faithful account of the condition of 'he people. Monsignor Persico's history would seem to prove that ho is singularly eligiblo for the position he has been called upon to fill, end the Pope's choice iu this matter is generaliy admitted to havo been most judicious. Monsignor Persico finished his studies at Rome at the ago of 23, and since then he has been engaged in ihe most difficult and delicate missions, aud invariably with success. He belongs to the order of Capucincs, and is a perfect English scholar. He has been in Tartarv, Thibet and Afghanistan. At Dar- jeeling ho founded and directed a college, and wa3 the Roman Catholic chaplain of the British troops. In the Indo-Porlugucse Echism in 1853 ho was chosen by the Oriental bishop to repre sent them at the Holy See as well as with the English authorities. He succeeded in healing tho schism, and obtained many concessions from the English Government. During the Indian mutiny lie was made prisoner and confined in the fortress cf Agra. At the termination of the rebellion he returned to Europe end col lected large sums to repair as far as possible the losses the missions in India had sustained. In 1359 lie was again scut on a mission to London in connection with matters of Catholic interest, nnd in 1863 Pius EC. sent him to South Caro lina to pacify the people, who were ex cited by the war of secession. Ho took part in tho (Ecumenical Council, going afterwards to Maiabar to settle a serious dispute. It will thus bo seen that tha Pope could scarcely havo mado a more judicious selection of au envoy, but tho commencement of his proceedings has not been regarded as favorablo to tho formation of an unbiassed judg ment of the problem he has been sent to solve. On arriving iu Dublin he accepted the hospi tality of Archbishop Walsh, and has accompa nied that prelato on several excursions. Still it may prove that he possesses sufficient strength of character to re main unprejudiced hy Archbishop Walsh's well known opinions ; in fact it may be nn advantage to him to be thus early placed in possession oi the views of the Home Rule advo cate within the church, so that ho may be in a position to judge whether those views are borne out by tho circumstances and desiies of tho people. Monsignor Persico's doings will indubitably he closely watched, and his report will bo most anxiously awaited. The papers do net seem to know quite what to call the excommunicated priest AI'Glynn ; some of them retain tho " father," others ven ture on "Dr.," whilo the cautious ones adopt " Mr." The Papal ban appears to havo taken M'Glynn by surprise, though how that should be is not very clear, for ho must havo known that no other coarse was open to his Holiness. Some of the excommunicated priest's utterances have been very reekleis. At a public meeting in New York on Sunday last he is reported to havo said : — I learned under the very shadow of tho Vati can that tho man who sins against his con science sins against tke Holy Ghost, end if any Bower on earth, even though it be he who aits enthroned in the Vatican, commands a man to do or say aught against his conscience, to obey oven that power were to tin against tho Holy Ghost. If it wero in their power as it was once — thank God it is no longer — thoy would imprison the truth in dungeons and pjartyr it at the stake in tho persons oi those' who through no fault of thoir own read God's truth in tho facts of society, in the strata of the earth, and upon tbo skies. It is a notorious fact that religion is vanishing in every part of tho world. Men aro being alienated from the church, particularly from the Catholic Church. Nowhere is tho church more hated than in o so-called Catholic countries. Tto effort to obtain a Papal representative at tVashitglon is quite in keep ing with the same policy that has led the Pope to send two Italian preiates to Ireland. An English noodle of a Catholic lord, the Earl of Denbigh — and yon may always mistrust Euglish Catholics, especially an English Catholic earl, to outdo any Protestant in his hatred oi Catholic Ireland— says that the Pope told him not merely of his great esteem and affection for England, wbich is well enough, but of his great desiro to be of use to England. Of course he could be of great use to England if poor Paddy would be submissive and obey tbo Pope's bidding in piitical matters. Why, on alliance between thi Pope and the English capitalists would be worth millions to the latter. It would )e money in their pockets if they were to buy the Italian prelates of tbo Pope even at £100,000 a head. Tho best wiy to get anything from the Roman maclino is to show your teeth rather than be toi humble. Prince Bis- I marc!: aud the Czar uulerstand this. The Pope is delighted at a littlo concession from them. The Pope has actually fillen in love with Prince Bismarck. Prince Bisnarek i3 flirting a little with tho Pope. They iave not got as far as exchanging pictures. Men who have fought or Catholicism have bion slapped in tbo face by the Pope to please Princo Bismarck. So long as tho Catholics lei tho Roman machine of which tho Pope is th# mere puppet do this, that machine will use Ptddy in Ireland and the German Paddy and American Paddy as pawns on the political cbcssbotrd, to be sold out at any time for what it can get in return. The fifth list of subscriptions to the Imperial Institute lias been pnbLshed this week, and contains some items quite as remarkable as those I commented upin in the last list. At tho head aprear again the £25,00p surplus from thf Colonial and Indian Exhibition, and I the £1009 given by H H.H. tho Place of Wales, though on what principle these two contributions are republished is Bit altogether apparent. The donations also iodide £1000 by the Queen, and two sums of £10,000 given by Barou Hirsch and the MiarajaU of Jedhpore. The amounts quickly jril off, however. Among the colonial subscri)tions figures the colony of Labuan for tha majnificcut total of £74 3s. Id., yet the Bahamas di not make so brave a show, its contribution boiig but £3 17s. 7d. The drum docs not seem to luvo been beaten hard enough in some of the regiucnts and on board somo of the men-of-war ; the Scots Guards gave bnt £3 IGs. 9d., whiio oifjr £2 5s 9.1. was collected on board the Carolio. H.M.S. Swallow sont £1 10s„ H.M.S Firebrand £1 63. 8d., and H.M.S. Conquest i single pound. But tho most remarkable foaure of the list is tho " pre valence" of the nams of those open whom have been conferred Jnbile honors. Surely tho one is not the consequnco of the other, though some of -tho netipapors havo had tlio hardihood to say tat anyone who would contribute £1000 i tho Instituto might reckon upon receiriuj a knighthood. Still the sudden accession of lajalty which induced Lord Magheramorne to gvc £1000 so soon after receiving his pccrug is remarkable, and so likewise is tho rath£ cheap distinction of a Moon, however, seers to have made a .still better deal, for his baimetcy cost liim only 25 guineas; yet Dan Sodfrey contributed 10 guineas, and only gt a lieutenancy in the Guards. ' 