"WHITHER is the Assembly drifting ? In the first session of the present Parliament a resolution was agreed to giving all members of the Assembly who held seats before that House affirmed the principle of payment of members, free passes for life over all Victorian rail ways. Later on we find that this practically amounts to a free pass over all the railways in Australia, and this again means that bon. members or ex-members of the Parliaments of the colonies, who bold' free passes, are carried free over our lines. This proceeding was excused, but not justi fied, on the pretence, that in some way it made amends to previous members of the Legislature for the hardship of having accepted, or rather obtained, an honorable position without direct pay. It might have been foreseen that the legislators who exhibited so tender and yet so practical a regard for their prdecessors would sooner or later show the same provident care for them selves, and the proof of this is seen in the resolution which was on Wednes day night proposed in a thin House, and actually agreed to without protest. The resolution runs as follows : That in the opinion of this House free passes to travel by railway should be issued to members of Parliament who have served the colony in that capacity for a term of not less than seven years. The mover, Mr Hall, who by the way is also particularly active in the clamor for another scandalous waste of the people’s money in the shape of a daily Hansard , had no doubt bided his time and introduced this precious reso lution when circumstances were pro pitious. In a full House it might have been indignantly rejected, but the House was not full, and no doubt the mover knew very well that such lion, members as were likely to champion the requirements of decency and honor were absent. We have seen similar tactics followed be fore, and with a similar result. Lines of railway for which there is neither need nor justification have been agreed to by finessing of a very similar sort. It is noticeable that no attempt was made to show that the object pro posed by the resolution was in itself an honorable or justifiable one. The motion was simply put and agreed to on the voices without demur and most certainly without opposition. The country ought to clearly under stand that its representatives by this resolution have definitely claimed the right to vote pensions to themselves. Argue and twist the matter as we may, the above is the literal and true inter pretation of it. At preseut the pen sions are to he voted in' kind, but if the country submits to these, we shall soon find our excellent and abne gatory representatives voting them in money. And why not? Our As sembly members are in the position of public trustees of the country’s goods and the country’s money. The only difference between a free railway pass for life and a pension in cash is this, that the one represents an appropria tion of goods and the other a robbery of money. Morally there is not an atom of distinction between the two. The direct, and flagrant breach of trust on the part of the trustees is just the same. And electors need not think this free pass question such a very light matter. Contingently it means free carriage of all members of all the Australian colonies, or those who have been, or those who hereafter will be members, over the Victorian lines. No small consideration this in a merely commercial point of view. Then, as has been most properly pointed out by a contemporary, it means that if here after a member is dismissed by the electors, or expelled by the House for any act of dishonesty, or for any crime (and no one can say either con tingency is impossible), this suppos able robber, or swindler, or maybe a worse rascal of another type, could still enjoy the pension granted by himself or his peers to himself, a»d ride free on our railway lines every day in the year to the infinite scandal of every honest man. Is the country prepared to put up with this sort of thing? A light matter, indeed! \Y hat is the moral aspect of it? What right have any association of members sitting in the Assembly to thus vote"; money’s worth with their own hands, 'money’s worth for which they have given no consideration, and which might with equal propriety be voted to any chance collection of loafers in the public streets? If they can vote themselves free railway passes for the rest of their natural lives, why can they not vote the perpetuation in like manner, of their honorarium of three hundred pounds a year? We are driven to suppose that if they refrain at present from proposing this, it is not on account of any sense of pro priety or honesty, but because they dare not try the patience of the tax payer too far. Hon. members have some lingering fear of outraged public feeling yet, and although a certain section of them are assiduously trying to reduce the work of representation to a vulgar game of grab, yet just at pre sent the game must not be played too defiantly. Without making any in convenient analysis of the value of members to the country, we are safe in saying that in any case the .present honorarium more than dis charges the public obligation to its Assembly. It is but rarely that the part of Cincixxatus is reproduced in the colonies, for as a rule candidates move heaven and earth to get the coveted position. Once elected they sit, or are supposed to sit, three days a week for six months in the year. It is not unusual for lion, members To shirk a good deal of this not very heavy obligation, and there is no need to forget that if they do not like the posi tion or its emoluments, financial and other, they can at any time resign and seek a better appreciation of their merits elsewhere. How long is the colony of Victoria likely to submit to this flagrant misrule ? How long is it to be before the tax payers become aware that whereas they arm their representatives to de fend their rights and privileges, those representatives are continually using their weapons against the taxpayers who provide them ? We supply them with the sinews of war, and they apply these, not against any outside enemies of the commonwealth, but in entrench ing and defending their position and their game of spoliation and self aggrandisement against ourselves. The case is absolutely hopeless as regards any return to purer and straighter lines, until the electors do for the average Parliament what Cromwell is said to have done with a venial House of Commons, viz., determine to be no longer trifled with or wronged, and bid them begone and make room for better men. Fifty years ago, counting from 25th July in the present year, Professor W iieatstoxe sat in a room at the Euston square station of the North- Western Railway. Before him was a curious instrument furnished with a dial, on different parts of which were balanced five electric needles. At the same hour his partner and fellow scientist Mr Cooke was stationed with just similar surroundings ina little room adjoining the Camden Town station, less than two miles away. Mr Wheat stone proceeded to work the hitherto untried electric telegraph, and after an exciting interval of a fewminutes he was delighted to find the needles spelling out the return message from his part ner at the other end. “ As I spelled the words,” said Mr Wiieastoxe, “I felt all the magnitude of the invention now proved to be practicable beyond cavil or dispute.” Seven years later a circuit of twenty miles was worked, and the public men were in formed by advertisement that they could come and see these marvellous instruments worked for the charge of one shilling. “ Children and schools half-price.” Wo cannot get at the real significance of the jubilee of elec tric telegraphy unless we compare these small beginings with the enor mous magnitude of the telegraphic sys tem of to- day. The telegraphic jubilee was worthily celebrated in London by & banquet, at which were present some of the most illustrious scientists of the age, under the genial chairmanship of the British Postmaster-General. The growth of land telegraph lines has long passed into an array of figures which to the ordinary reader convey no adequate impression of the facts. But it was stated at the banquet that there are at present 115,000 miles of sub marine cable laid; or, in other words enough to wrap five times round this terrestrial globe of ours. One of Shakespeare’s fairies proposed to accomplish the supernatural feat of putting a girdle round the earth in five and forty minutes. What would the ghost of Shakespeare say to the fact that science can now send an intelligible, message round the world in less than half that time? It was well that from the first the accomplish ment of a complete system of tele graphic communication was seen to be worthy of any amount of labor and cost, as otherwise the early failures and mishaps might have discouraged both those who worked and those who found the money. The first submarine cable which was laid between Dover and Calais in 1850, just conveyed a few friendly greetings between the nations divided by that narrow channel and then finally broke down. But the few hours of its life and work settled for ever the question of submarine telegraphy, and money and skill were lavishly offered f*r the purpose of trying again. We may smile now at the attempt to span 20 miles of sea bottom with one slender copper wire cased with gutta percha only, but we must admire the indomitable spirit which refused to be discouraged by failure. In truth, the making of deep sea cables which would successfully resist the ho.stile influences to which they are subject puzzled the wisest heads of the Old World for many a year. When, in IS6B, the first Atlantic cable was laid, it was thought the difficulty had been over come, but experience soon proved otherwise. On 16th August of that year part of a cable message from Queen Victoria to the President of the United States found its way to Wash ington, but between the first and last words the wire was mute for 24 hours, and two months later fell into in curable dumbness. It' was yet an other seven years before the first successful cable connected the New World with the Old. Of the social and commercial value of the electric telegraph to the present generation it is superfluous to speak. -In thinking of its history one scarcely knows which to admire most, the marvellous strides of scientific discovery, or the persistent way in which efforts were made to ap ply that., discovery to the convenience and benefit of the human race. in the face of repeated and discouraging failures.- Messrs Graham (presidentj/and Field, on behalf of the Bootmakers’ Union, yesterday waited upon Messrs Whitten and Cairns, the well-known manufacturers, with refer ence to a complaint that had been made against the firm at the last meeting of the union. Mr Graham asked if the statement that the firm worked their employees two and a half hours more per week than the stipu latedjtime was true MrCairns replied tliatthe firm kept their shop open from 7.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. daily, and t(mt their employees could work the full time if they liked, but were not compelled to. A “ piece hand” present, in answer to Mr Cairns, said he worked 40 hours per week. A wages hand said he had certain work to do in the week, and if he got through this in five or five and a half days lie need not do any more work, but would receive his wages for the week. A little crossing-firing be tween Mr Cairns and Mr Graham ensued, owing to the former stating that through the unprincipled conduct of a president of the union, they had to work even their ap prentices on piecework. The delegates re marked that a complaint had been made by some of the firm’s employees that they were worked 2 b hours a week extra for nothing. Mr Cairns replied that they had shown the accusation to be groundless. The firm give their apprentices so much per week and paid them extra for additional work. When they agreed to the eight hours system, it was on condition that the permit system slionld be abolished, but this had not been done. Mr Graham said the permits were only given to old men and cripples, but the firm bad violated their agreement by keep ing open more than eight hours. Mr Cairns contended that it was the union that had broken the agreement and not the firm, but if the union abolished the permit system they would close at 5 o’clock. The firm objected to the permit, or ticket-of-leave system. Mr Whit ten remarked that, though the union gave permits to others, they would not to one man whom the firm wished should have one. They contended that the union had no right to say whether a man should work in or out of their shop. After a little more conver sation on the point of who was the first to break the agreement, Mr Graham asked if they’ were to understand that the firm would keep open for over the eight hours. Mr Whitten replied that the firm had done what they had to bring that “ horrible per mit system ” to a close, and,they would con tinue to act as they thought proper. Mr Graham—“ Thank you for that much.” Mr Whitten—“ You keep to your agreement, and we’ll keep to ours.” The interview then closed. We are informed that Mr Theo. Williams, (May’or of Ballarat East) will take the chair at the meeting of the Anti-Government Manufacturing League which is to beheld in the Alfred Hall next Monday night. At a meeting of tradesmen held last night, to consider what steps should be taken in consequence of notices having been served upon them to desist from displaying goods for sale on the footpath, Mi J. J. Fitzgerald, who was in the chair, referred to the trend of present legislation. He remarked that if they went on as they were going at present, in a few years Victoria would be a very happy country for a man to live in. They talked about their coercion in Ireland, but it was “ not a patch ” upou what was now taking place in Victoria. Our Melbourne correspondent, writing last evening, says:—“ For some time Mr Russell, M.L.A., has been urging the Govern ment to protect tile remaining timber ill the forest known as the Ballarat East reserve, situated between the town and Mount Ellen, as it will be required for mining purposes, and he requested the Lands Department to fence it in. He has now obtained a promise that the land is to be placed under the con trol of the Department of Agriculture, and it will now bo fenced in, and the timber standing will be preserved, and the reserve will be generally replanted with rapid grow ing indegenous trees.” Our Horsham correspondent last night wired:—“ The entries for the Gran- 1 . National Show at Horsham, to be held on the 29th and 30th iust., have been received as follow: —Draught stock, 7S; thnrougbreds, 20; hackneys, IG6; cattle, 43; sheep, 163; swine, 19; poultry, 104; dogs, 43; buggies, 41; harness anil saddlery, 19; machinery, 127; implements, So; dairy produce, 284; grain, 49; miscellaneous, S 6; total, 1333.” We regret to learn that the Rev. R. T. Cummins has met with an accident through slipping on a kerb-stone, and that the in juries which be has sustained are of a painful character. Dr Salmon is in attendance on the rev. gentleman. The young man Juhn O’Brien, who was remanded by the Town bunch yesterday on a charge of forging and passing to Messrs Fitz gerald Bros., of Bridge street, two orders purporting to have been signed by Austin M'Dermott, of Bunuarce, appears to have a weakness for victimising tradesmen by means of valueless pieces of paper. Detective Charles, who arrested O’Brien for the olfence at Messrs Fitzgerald Bros., found yesterday that the accused has victimised no fewer than five other business houses for various amounts and goods. In each case forged orders were used, viz.:--Messrs J. W. Gray and Cos., two orders, £5 17s, each purporting to have been signed by Johnl.Canny, farmer, of Ormond, prisoner giving his name as James Ryan. Messrs A. M. Greenfield and Cos. were the next victims, and on an order purporting to have been signed by Patrick Blood on behalf of Mrs Foley, of Bnugaree, he obtained £2. In this case also the prisoner gave the name of James Ryan. From Mr M'lvay, grocer, of Mail - street, O’Brien received 10s on present ing an order bearing what was supposed to be the signature of Bernard M’Gowan, of Bungaree. Then O'Brien visited the shop of another tradesman in Ballarat, and se cured £2 on a fictitious order pur porting to have been signed by Michael M'Namara. The rounds of the day were wuund up by O’Brien visiting the establishment of Messrs Heinz Bros., butchers, Bridge street, where he, on hand ing the shopman an order hearing the name of John Canny, was served with German sausages and a quantity of corned beef. In this ease, as in numerous other cases, De tective Charles has performed his work of enquiry in a manner that does him credit. The popularity of the Y.M.C.A. gift sale in the Alfred Hall is evidenced by the in creasing attendance each afternoon and even ing. Yesterday the number paying for ad mission was neaily double that of the previous day. The fair will be open this afternoon and evening, when several attrac tions are provided for, notably a gymnastic display by members of the Ballarat Gymna sium, selections by the Phcenix Foundry Band; solos, quartettes, aud cornet duet, elocution, &c.; A smart capture of a rnnaway pair of horses was made yesterday near the Post Office by Constable Jeffries. It appears that at about S o’clock the horses, which were attached to one of Broadbent Bros, and Co.’s lorries, took fright at something and bolted along Lydiard street and into Sturt street. Constable Jeffries was standing on the footpath, and at great risk to himself ran out and caught the reins. The horses were going at a good speed, and the con stable was dragged about 50 yards before he finally brought them to a standstill. The captor was complimented on his plucky action by a number of persons who wit nessed the occurrence. Mrs Baeyertz, whose former visit to Bal larat created a vast amount of interest, begins a fortnight’s evangelistic mission in the Ebenezer Church on Sunday evening next. When a sub-officer of police of Sergeant Lcverton’s experience says that the language used by the woman Margaret Slade, who was fined £lO at the Town Court yesterday was the most disgusting he ever heard fall from the lips of any person during his long connection with the police force, the words of the accused must have been very bad in deed. That they were so is shown by the imposing of a heavy penalty by the beuch. The objectionable language was used in Bridge street, and was addressed to young ladies who were passing at the time. Con stables M’Leoil and Nicholson (of the City force) had some difficulty in arresting the woman, who with one of her fingernails scratched the figure 6 on M'Leod’s cheek. In default of payment of the fine of £lO the old virago was lodged in gaol yesterday af ternoon. She informed the police that she was not alarmed at the sentence, as;she would be out of gaol in good time to marry a Chinaman to whom she was engaged. John lias been interviewed with reference to the proposed matrimonial alliance, aud in .reply to a question ho said, “ No feali, engageemen broken off; she too rnuchee talkce talkce. Chineyman. no. likee woman to rnuchee talkee talkee. Make man too misubel, nq sleep.” . A star.t is just being made in the erection of hew buildings at the School of Mines be tween the museum and the main buildings. The new additions will comprise a mineral ogical laboratory and curator’s office. After a very brief spell of fine weather, there was a little rainfall yesterday after noon. In the-- morning dust was blowing freely, and accordingly the corporation dust carts were set to work. Jupiter Rluvius, however, laid the dust much more effectively in a very brief period of time. After a heavy shower or two, the weather again lifted. A dispute arose on the Corner yester day between two of the habitues not in the Exchange, aud some warm words were ex changed. Ultimately a somewhat novel method of settling the misunderstanding was arrived at. Amidst much merriment a vote was taken as to which of the disputants was a gentleman and which was, well—the opposite. Bloodshed was averted, and the parties to the misunderstanding entered into the spirit of the joke and parted good friends. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Alexander Maitland, of Otway street, Ballarat East, on a charge of deserting his wife on the 18th ult. A narrow escape from an extensive fire was experienced at Messrs J. J. Goller and Co.’s warehouse, Lydiard street, on Tuesday’. The fire originated amongst some cigars and light material, which became ignited through the overheating of a pipe that passes from a stove through the flooring of an upper flat. Fortunately, the smoke was observed in time, and the fire was extinguished, though not before about £lOO worth of damage was done. A fine sample of olive oil from the Dookic Farm school has just been received at the local School of Mines. It was forwarded by Mr Marco Guerin, C.E., sou of the respected governor of the Ballarat Gaol, who, in the accompanying letter, writes:—“ I am send ing yon an industrial sample for the museum. The oil has been manufactured on tile farm here by the students, uuder the supervision of Mr J. L. Thompson, the principal of the establishment. It was extracted from the berries of the olea rubra, the trees being about sevcu or eight years old, and specially selected by Italian experts before being sent to the colony’. They are quite a feature of the farm, the olea rubra being only one out of 10 varieties in cultivation. As the com mencement of anew industry, I am certain it will be of interest to visitors. Any report upon the oil will be thankfully received by me.” There was a fair attendance of members last evening at the fortnightly meeting of the Ballarat East Branch- of the • Australian Natives’ Association. Mr D. A. Brown, vice- president, presided. Correspondence was received from the secretary of the board of directors, intimating that medical benefits will be extended to honorary members on payment of the usual fees. A letter was also read from the secretary of the Geelong Exhibition, who forwarded prize-lists for the same. Several propositions for membership were received. The secretary’ submitted a balance-sheet giving information regarding the last entertainment, which showed a credit balance of £2 ss‘ Gd. A committee, consisting of Messrs D. A. Brown, 11. Hale, and H. S. Simmons, was appointed to make arrangements for another entertainment at an early date. Accounts amounting to £2 9s Gil were passed for payment. After some unimportant business had been transacted, several songs, readings, and recitations from Burns’ works, were given by the members, and a very enjoyable evening was spent. At the next meeting, which will be a quartet ly one, a trophy presented by Mr R. T. Hager will be given for the best essay on 11 Cricket v Football as a National Sport.” Mr John Stewart, of Creswick, has passed with credit the examination of the School of Mines for captain of shifts in alluvial mines. A football match will be played to-day, at the Saxon Paddock, between the South Bal larat and a team of 23 combined juniors, for the benefit of Mr W. Phillips. A young man named Goorge Sohnitzler, residing in Main road, sustained a severe wound on the arm at the Phoenix Foundry yesterday through coming into contact with a piece of iron. The injury was attended to at the Hospital. The friends of Mr \V. Robertson, the popular vice-captain of the Ballarat Imperial Football Club, will regret to learn that he met with an accident yesterday which will incapacitate him from playing for the re mainder of the season. Mr Robertson was engaged on a scaffolding at Messrs Irving, Glover, and Co.’s timberyards, where he is employed, when he slipped and fell. In his fall his side came into contact with a plank, and ho sustained a fracture of one of his ribs. There was a good muster at the usual parade of the 3rd Battalion last evening. Major Williams was in command. The battalion was inarched up Sturt street as far as Armstrong street and down in front of 7/ie Star office, where the companies were exercised in company drill under Captain M'Whae and Lieutenants Hcnnah, Eddy, and Bennett. They were afterwards marched back to the Orderly Room and dismissed. After parade, a brisk practice was entered upon by the competitors who intend taking part in the .next military concert, at the Orderly Room on Friday next, 23rd instant. A lecture was also delivered after parade to the non-commissioned officers by Major Wil liams on “ Discipline Acts.” The military concert to be given in the Orderly Room on Friday next by the mem bers of 3rd Battalion, promises to be a first class entertainment. An excellent pro gramme lias been prepared, and a number of attractive novelties are included in it. A Chinese was charged at the Bright Police Court on Tuesday with lunacy, aud was remanded to Beechivoitli for medical examination. The prisoner fired two shots from a shot gun at a youth who was passing bis hut, but fortunately without hitting him. On the police proceeding to arrest the Chinese, he made a determined resistance. He rushed at the police with a shovel, but in this was frustrated. He then seized Con stable M‘Donald by the throat and almost choked him before )«• could be secured. In the struggle his head came in contact with a stone, causing a nasty cut, which bled pro fusely. In his lint were found a double barrelled gun (loaded), a revolver, GO car tridges, und a rifle bayonet on the end of a pole, -oine years ago the prisoner (says the 7 clegraj>h correspondent) served a sentence of three years for shooting cattle. By the last mail a Parliamentary return, issued at the beginning of August (says the llerakl) has made its appearance oppor tunely enough for Melbourne. In it are set forth the number of outrages committed by armed burglars in the metropolitan district only during the nine years ending with 18S6. It gives the number of constables and other persons who were killed or wounded by firearms by burglars, the number of bur glars who escaped arrest by the use of fire arms, and the number of burglars on whom, when arrested, firearms were discovered, It also gives similar facts aud figures with regard to burglars armed with deadly’ weapons other than firearms. Two police men were shot dead, and 19 policemen aud other persons were wounded with . firearms, while with deadly weapons other than fire arms 11 policemen and nine other persons were wounded. But no less than 39 burglars escaped arrest owing to the fact that they were armed—lB with firearms and 21 with other deadly weapons. The number of bur glars who escaped arrest because they were armed, seems to be much the most serious feature in the return, which, it may be re peated, is for the metropolitan district only. A sensation (says the Herald) was pro duced at the Swain inquest by’ an engineer named Whitbread. He stated that when lie heard from Campbell that he had seen a woman jump off the Victoria street bridge into the river, he was in hopes that the story related to his own wife. He proceeded to give reasons for this affectionate wish. The finishing touches were given to the Juvenile Offenders Bill in the Assembly on Wednesday afternoon, and the clause em powering magistrates to order boys to be birched, to which "objection was raised on the previous evening, was passed as proposed by the Government in a few minutes. Mr Wrixon had another clause added, providing for regulations being made under which this punishment is to be administered, which dis posed of all objections to the proposal, A discussion followed on the solitary confine ment clause, which was amended by the Attorney-General so as to provide that per sons over 16 years of age found guilty by justices of acts of violence, threatening, in decent, 'or insulting behavior, or wilful and , : malicious injury to property, might be sen ' teheed to terms of solitary confinement not exceeding seven days, the puuishment to be carried' out only if a medical officer ap proved. The Local Option League in Sydney has decided to bring under the notice of Parlia ment immediately after it rc-assembles the glaring evils fostered by the present system of leasing private bars in publichouses, which in many cases are stated to be let to immoral persous. A return laid upon the table of the Assem bly shows that nine applications have been received under the Tramways in Country Districts Act, ISSG, from municipalities de sirous of constructing tramways. The par ticulars are as follows:—Shire of Swan Hill, Kerang to Koondrool:, 13 miles, at a total cost of £25,244; Shire of Varrawonga, Dookie to Katainatite, 17 miles, £36,131 (exclusive of rolling stock); Shire of Warragul, from Warragul railway station southward to Bear Creek, and from Darawin to Hazeldean, a total of 17 miles, £30.763; Shire of Bulu Bulu, Drouin towards Jimlivick, 10 miles, £20,000, and also £30,000 in constructing tramways in other parts of the shire; Shire of Traralgon, Traralgon to Calliguee, from 16 to 20 miles, £20,000, and from Boolara to Mirboo South, 15 miles, £15,000;. Shire of East Loddon, Durham Ox to Bridgewater, £40,000; Shire of Rodney, Mooroopna to St. Germain’s, 16 miles, £24,000. The Shire of Narracan has also applied for a loan for tramways in. that district. The total amount of loans applied for under the act up to the preseut time is £243,000. The Inspector- General of Public Works has, at the request of the Minister, furnished a report on the statemente made by Mr R. G. Ford, in a letter to the A(jp, as to the time taken by him in the preparation of the Falls Bridge plans. During the five years over which his connection with the Public Works Department extended, Mr Ford spent about two years and a half in pre paring the plans, and he iiad the assistance of an engineer draughtsman for 14 months and of two draughtsmen for the last two months, whereas the new plans have been completed in about two months. When in the department Mr Ford was employed on alternative designs for Princes’ Bridge for four months ami 10 days, in the valuation of the plant of Parliament Houses for eight days, in prepaiiug a design for an iron winter garden exhibition for two and a half months, in iron-plating five vessels of Victorian Navy and Harbor Trust for defence pur poses for 12 months, and for several months lie was a member of the Sludge Board. Mr Steel concludes his report by suggesting to the Minister that Mr Ford’s plans should be examined and reported upon by a board of three competent and independent engi neers. 