THE REV. A. J. DREWETT AND THE SYDNEY BULLETIN. The' motion of which the Rev. A. J. Drewett had given notice at the previous mceeting-viz., "That the Sydney Bulletin be excluded from the reading-room on account of its immoral tendency"-was discussed on Friday evening by the Athenmoun committee. harh weree present -Mr P. Adams (vice-president), in the chair, Revs. A. J. Drowett and \V. if. Johns, W. Hill, J.P.,G. Huon,J. G. Shields, P. O'Connor, W. King, J. Arundel, J. Ryan, WV. Taylor, P. hl'Lean, W. H. Mouoler, D. Ferguson, and C. B. Golett (lion. secre tary). Tlio Roy. A. J. Drowett remarked that, as one who took a deep interest in the welfare and prosperity of the institute, he had felt bound to table the motion, although hlie did not expect that all present would agree with him in the course he had taken. He ad heard, indeed, that some members had made up their minds to discontinue their support to the institute if the paper in question were excluded. But the whole matter, in iis opinion, should be simply whether the articles which he proposed to bring under the notice of the committee presently were right or wrong. (Hear; hear.)' As a body, the committee had the power of excluding the wrong and upholding the right. After observing that he hlad already given a forecasts of his procedure in T'he Sentinel, hlie said lie would confino himself to a few recent numbers of the Bulletin, which. lie said, was a " mind-other.people'o. business " sort of paper, disseminating oan immense amount of frivolous gossip. A cartoon recently published and a number of other items were, to the speaker's feelings at. any rate, very repugnant, and hi left it to the committee to say, after seeing the cari catureo and hearing the paragraphs read, whether the writings were harmless, and, if they adopted the latter view, lie would bow to their decision. (Applause.) But, as a minister of religion, lie could not but regard Christianity as the moral renovator of the world. Unfortunately, many people now"a days had acquired the habit of attributing the faults of the professors of Christianity to Christianity itself, and the Bulletin was a newspaper of that kind. If the Bulletin or any other journal held up to ridicule the conduct, or misconduct, of hypocrites, it would undeniably be doing a good work, but it had no right to speak of the Great Founder Himself in an irrevent manner. Sceptics of the type of that paper who ran dlown Christianity should not be conunte nanced. The rev. gentleman was about to read one of the articles at which he took offence, when MIr Shields suggested that the secretary should read the article. Mr Goslett preferred that Mr Drewett should read it himself. Mr Drewett, holding up the Bulletin, first exhibited a cartoon which represented Sir Henry Parkes, Mr Garrett, and Judge Docker, as the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost respectively, surrounded by a halo of glory. The caricature was entitled "The Blessed Trinity of Milburn Creek." The " Holy Ghost" was pourtrayed pronouncing the apostolic benediction on the other two. The Liberator, he contended, never published anything more anti-Christian than that. Again the Bulletin's last Christmas number showed six of the Mount Rennie criminals on a gallows,with a Cross attached. There was something indescribably horrible, the 'rev. gentleman said, in the association of these two figures-the Cross, the symbol of man's redemption; the gallows, the means of hanging scoundrels. More than, this, the Bulletlin attributed to the followers of Christ the execution of these criminals: He, 'for one, he might say, was entirely opposed to capital punishment, so that the charge was false. (Hear, hear.) Under the heading "Wanted, an Expurgated Bible," the same paper violently attacked the grand old Book, arguing that many of its passages shlould be excised " in deference to modern refine ment;" and later on it concluded an Easter article with the blasphemous exclamation, "Christ has risen; let us weep." Mr Drewett then concluded a very moderate speech by moving the resolution of whicl hlie had given notice. Mr Ferguson enquired on what grounds? The Rev. A. J. Drowett-On account of its anti-Christian spirit. Hir Goslett (who hiad meanwhile produced a copy of the Melbourne Punch, which, he said, contained an equally objectionable article) asked if the institute was unsec tarian? The Rev. A. J. Driewett- Yes, of course; but it is not anti-Christian. Mr Goslett—What about Freethinkers? We have some of those amongst our subscribers. The chairman characterised the quotations read by Mr Drewett as blasphemous in the extreme. He was surprised that such language should be tolerated in the present age. Mr Taylor remaflked that a number of subscribers had threatened to cease their contributions if the Bulletin were given up. The Rev. ,4. J. Dro?vett--The question is simply one of righob or wrong. Mr Taylor-But we must study the tastes of.our subscribers. Mr Mooulder condemned the Bulletin. -Heo would not like such a paper to fall into the hands of any of his children. A child, after reading these anti-Christian articles, would surely think there was neither God nor Jesus Christ. Mr M'Lean also epoke adversely of the paper, and secondedl Mr Drewett's motion. An irregular discussion ensued upon a remark made by Mr Hill, who argued that tho.committee had no power to exclude the paper for its alleged immorality. If they did so, they might lay themselves open to an action. , \- Mr .Drewett was agreeable to eliminate his reason from the motion, but Mr Hill insisted that the motion could only be taken as it stood. The Rev;. W. H. Johns contended that tho committee would be perfectly justified in excluding the paper on the grounds of its immorality. But the Bulletin was also disloyal and blasphemous. Mir Hill--But we can't cram our own opinion down other people's throats. M; Mr Goslett next got at loggerheads with the Revs. Dreweft. and Johns over some opinions he produced from the Australasian and foreign press, complimentary to the Bulletin. The rev.. gentlemen doubted the authenticity of some of the opinions alleged to have been given. Mr Farguson, 'after complinmenting Mr Drowett upon thie moderate tone of his re- marks, contested the rev. gentleman's reason for proposing to exclude the paper. It was hardly fair, he thought, to pick out a few', sentences,and condemn the Bulletin all round for those few, (Hear, hear.) As one who had been a reader of that journal for many years, he regarded it as very "newsy,' and its writings were not so subversive of mo- rality that' whole families could not read It. Theo paper should he taken as a whole, and it could then be determined whether it was fit or unfit for reading.. It seemed' to him that there was a certain amount of sectarian feeling. An outspoken nerspaper like the Bulletin, which unquestionably represented a large section of actual public opinion, was necessary in a democratic community like ours. (Applanso.) . M or oololder reteratod hils prevlocsly' a . pressed disappriova'. MrHill--Another' adinission 'of sectaria. nism. Mr Fergusonn-Tint's it. Mr. Drwactt--I can't iunderstaond wiat you mean by sectarianism ; Do you mean the Christian sect against infidels? Mr lll--r I mean one sect against another. Mr Drewett--I'm sorry that the broad basis of Christianity should be looked upon as one sect. The Rev. W. R. Johns, in a very effective speech, animadverted upon the disloyal policy of the Bulletin. He failed to see any sectarianism in the matter. Any Christian -aye, or any Unitarian-would be appalled at the expression, " Christ has risen, let us weep." The Liberator was not nearly so bad. The institute was certainly oscular, but not in the recently exteneld meaning of that word, only in the absence of anything spiritual. The Bulletin had been indiscriinuate in its attacks upon Christianity. To Roman Catholics in particular, its contemptuous reference to the apostolic blessing of the Holy Ghost should be most offensive. Reverting to its persistent advocacy of disloyal prin ciples he observed that it had called Sir Henry Loch "a hen-pecked husband." Mr Johns was speaking against the Bulletin's disloyal references, when Mr Ryan asked what disloyalty had to do with immorality ? Many moral men hold strong Republican views. Mr Johns then touched upon the Bulletin's allusion to "'The Cross and the Gallows." He concluded by expressing a hope that, no matter what decision might he arrived at, the minority would fall in with the ma jority. jor ilrcwett hoped so, too. Before the motion was put to a vote, Mr Drewett thought perhaps it would he as W1ell to fall in with Mr Hill's suggestion, and assign no reason for discontinuing thel' offensive publication, as the same object would he cffected. lie was doubtful who ther at last meeting he had mentioned any reason On looking up the minute-book, .it was found that the words "on the grounds of its immorality " were included, and Mr Drewett thereupon signified his willingness to let the motion go to a division in its original form. The chairman then put the motion, which was negatived by eight votes to six, the voting being:-For the motion, Rcvs. A. J. Drewett and W. H. Johns, Messrs Adams, Moulder, M1'Lean, and Shields; and against, Messrs Ferguson, Huon, Arundel, O'Connor, Ryan, Taylor, King, and Goslett. The result was received with cheering. The tnecting, which, although at times lively, was characterised by the utmost good feeling, then broke ?p. 