POLITICAL NOTES. At the quaint little picturesque-looking towxs of Carcoar the Premier, in the course of this electioneering pilgrimage, met with a friendly reception and a patient hearing. His freetrade nolicv wa.5 evidently in accardnne.1 with th» views of a large number; but tbe opposite one had its sympathisers, who, however, seemed to be vague aud wavering in their sentiments. Sir Henry Parkes used with great effect an argument which he never fails to address to an agricultural audience, by insisting on tho obvious truth that it is impossible for tbew to gut any import duties on the articles they produce without getting them as a part of a . comprehensive system of protection, under which they would have to pay a great deal more : than they could receive. To many of the rustic hearers of this very apparent truism it seems to come as a novel discovery, aud to cause them to look at each otUer with rather blank looks. The case shows how far the political education of the agriculturalists of the country is behindhand, aud how much remains to be done in this direction by tbe educational efforts of the Freetrade Association, and how much there is to give encouragement to them. Last night the Premier evidently stirred the important town of Bathurst to its political depths. The population broke out into a spontaneous eruption — crowds, brass bands, processions and tumults of acclaim. If Sir Henry Parkes had bceu a rightful aud long lost prince returned to his own, he could not have been received with greater demonstrations of effusive welcome than those which greeted him in Bathurst, Long before the hour ap- pointed for the meeting the great ball was filled to repletion. The gallery was crowded with ladies, of whom there must havo been several hundreds, aud the way in which they received the Premier's speech showed that had they possessed rote3, as they will someday, all ot them would have gone to tbe aid of free- trade. The audience was estimated at 2000 persons, ainoog whom there was only ono visible, or rather andiblc, protectionist ; and he, the hall at an early stage of the proceedings. A couple of loaves were placed upon the tabla on the platform to illustrate the question at issue. One was a large, ruddy-looking loaf— a triumph of the baker's art. This was labelled " Freetrade, 5d." Tho other was a small, dyspeptic-looking specimen arid was marked " Protection, lid." The early part of tho speech was devoted to dealing with the late member, Mr. F. B. Suttor, The Premier went into hi3 subject con amort His speech was such a piece of sustained invec tive and withering sarcasm as we should search for in vain in the receut political history of New South Wales. It was the most severe and the most bitter onslaught on a political oppo nent which has been delivered for many years. The name of Suttor wa3 repeated with a variety of accent and emphasis which at each variation seemed to pat it in some more hateful light thaa before. At times it was hissed out with a degree of intensity which made it strangely resemble the name of the arch-prince of evil himself. Tho reader may remember the joy with which the emancipated Mr. "Wilkins Micawber poured denunciation and scorn on the hated naice of Keep; Just in this way and just in these tones of hate and loathing did tho Premier execute variations on tbe name of Suttor, and the "honse " took all his refe rences and vociferously cheered all hia points. Somebody told Edmund K.ean that- at his performance of Othello Lord Tomnoddy wa3 seen to applaud. " Tell me not of lords," said the actor; utho pit roso at me." Just so; and with just this delightful appreciation did -000 residents of Bathnrst enter into and enjoy the Premier's unmeasured denunciation of Mr. F. B, Suttor as a deserter, a turncoat, an apostate and renegade. Such a spectacle in a man's home and birthplace aud iu a constituency which ho had long represented, is a very miserable result as the issue of a political career. sir Henry Farkes said that he approached the subject with pain, and had Mr. Suttor not' introduced bis name into his speech he was a deserter of the worst kiud, aud by military law the deserter was not allowed to live. What this man was he (the Premier) had made him. "But, for me," said the orator, "he would always have bceu the poor characterless crea ture, be is to-day." He would not be at this meeting had this man let him alone, and decency should have taught him to do so. Mr. Suttor had referred to his opponeut as a "budding politician." But what is now budding may in time come to bloom. Mr. Suttor was to-day a' withered politician, whom no dew from heaven, could ever make bloom or frnit. By this time the Premier wa3 well launched in his tremen dous philippic, and the audience were simmer ing with delight and applaudisgeach envenomed sentence with enthusiasm. After dealing with Mr. Suitor's attempted justification of bis desertion, Sir Henry Parkes went into some of its details. When the Jen nings Ministry was being formed Mr. Suttor went to bim to propose that opposition should be arranged to Mr. Copeland in East Sydney, and the next thing heard of him was that ha had joined tho Ministry himself. "At 8 o'clock in the evening," said the Premier, " ho shared our councils and at 10 he joined the Ministry." He continued : " I was his chief for ten years. I placed him in a position in which his talents would never have placed him, and — I say it with humiliation— during the whole of that time I believed him to be a gen tleman." The Premier went on to reply to a Temarfc by Mr. Suttor — with what relentless intensity the name was hissed out ! — that the Premier was nnt frame to renoal the Customs Duties Act. "iBut if," said Sir Henry, " he is in tbe new Assembly, which I believe he will not be, and if he had a hundred times the power he is likely to have, he will not be able to save that bill from destruction." This crucial declaration was received with universal applause, aud may be received as finally disposing of any doubt as to the intentions of the Premier on this subject. The lapso of tho unhappy Suttor to protec tion was next handled. Having deserted his party, he had gone over to the enemy and walked across tbe floor of the Honse. To do so he-had deserted the principle he had advocated all his public life, and under some delusion that he was likely to get the favor of the country by doing so, he had hoisted this old, ragged, worm-eaten flag of protection. "Why, had he common foresight, he might have known that that miserable combination could not last. Had he been faithful to his friends and true to his principles he might now have had an honored place in the councils of the country. But actuated, so it would seem, by the hope of getting into some group which would enable him to shako the hand of a lord, he had deserted his chief and his principles. The speaker ended his terrible castigatlon with a scornful sweep of the arm and the words, " And now I have done with him and it required no great power of imagination on the part of the andience to sea the unhappy Suttor torn, dishevelled, and with all the saw-dust knocked out of him— a raiser able, sprawling wreck on the platform, aud the andience enjoyed it all in the highest degree. The rest of the speech was in a different tone. It was narrative, historic, argumenta tive, appealing. SiriHenry lingered with com placent retrospect over his going single-handed into a hostile House to force through Supply# and his reducing the opposing majority to tame Buujecuoa. nejasc wracueu uu me had befallen that " curious little creature, Br Itenwick," as a warning to other deserters and especially to the detested Battor. Ha made great fun over poor Mr. Forsyth, whose denial of Sir Henry's power to dissolve Parlia ment amused him very much, and was also made to amuse the audience. Ho came at length to the subject of freetrade, on which his argu mentative exposition was strong, dignified telling and impressive. The good, well-worked argument about our surplus of Victorians mot with its usual success, and the conclud ing appeal that they should strengthen the hands of the Government, a h® wanted "not ofllco but power," met with a responso highly encouraging to Dr. Cortis, the freetrade candidate, whose arrival cn the platform they londly cheered. But the distinguishing part of the speech was its tra meudous croshiBg invectivo directed against the late member. In Bathnrat its delivery will laaih an epoch in years to come. Old men who are youngsters now will relate to interested htarers how they were present in the vast amiieacc which assembled on the occasion when the famous Sir Henry Parkes came to Batbnrst expressly to deliver a terrible attack on one of the historic house of Bottor in a speech which severely punished his desertion, and— is it not possible— ended bis political career. Thft straggle between frcctradc and protection round the city is now virtually over. The protectionists have given up the ghost, and are simply ignored in the elections which are still pending. At Canterbury yesterday no, less than 10 candidates were nominated for the four seats, aud with one forlorn exception all were freetraders. All attempts to eliminate the redundant patriotism failed, and with the excep tion of Air. Judd all have decided to chance the poll. Under these circumstances had pro tection not been completely cowed and dispirited, it might have snatched an easy victory from a divided camp on Saturday next. As it is, however, there is nothing to fear. Only one protectionist has been nominated and he runs independently of the organisation, and for no other apparent reason than that he is 11 blue-moulding" for a beating. At the nomination the ehow of hands went in favor of Messrs. Hutchison, Carruthers, Henson and Watkin, three freetraders or protesting freetraders, and the forlorn protectionist. The show ot bands in Canterbury, however, means absolutely nothing. It is nonsensical at auv time, but at Canterbury it is simply farcical. There are some 10,000 voters on the roll, distributed in various ccatres, ranging from Five Hock to Botany Bay and from Hruitt Town to Cawpcrdown. At AshlieU a handful of electors are calied together, mainly local residents, with the usaal sprinkling of itinerant electioneering "bummers," with and without votes. A "show of hands" by an assemblage of this kind, numbering, as it does, never more than a twentieth of the electors, obviously counts for nothing. The difficulty of the elec tors on Saturday will be not whom to put in, but who to leave out. So far as the speeches yesterday were concerned, a more even level of dead mediocrity than that presented by the nine freetrado candidates it would be hard to imagine. Mr. CarrntherSjWho spoke first, made perhaps the best imprcssiou, if there was any best, lie has some fluency of expression aud his general political tendencies seem correct, though his ideas on fiscal economy require a, lot more thinking out before he can be of much value as an advocate of either side. Mr. Wilshire followed, and from him right on down to Mr. M'Coy each candidate merely passed along a monotonous string of nice little freetrado plati tudes, interspersed by such personal appeals for support as they thought themselves indi vidually entitled to make. Oratory there was none, and of real politics very little more. Personally, the candidates are all well eet- up sort of men, and in the trams or on the railway platform waiting for the morning train each could no doubt take part in conversational politics 03 well as one here and there. As political guides for the intelli gence of the country, however, no special capacity was exhibited by any of them. The chances of all are cousidered extremely open, and provided the forlorn protectionist is kept out wc cannot at present see that it par ticularly matters which of the other nine get in. The pity i9 that Air. Watkin should be the candidate ou whom the fiscal anathema must be pronounced. In all other respects he bears favorable comparison with any who arc nominated. He has political ideas in concrete which none of the others give the slightest evidence of. Theirs arc all abstractions, and moflt of them shadowy enough at that. Mr. Watkin goes for payuieut of members and other liberal measures, which, only for his unfortunate fiscal crank, would render him a very eligible representative of sound and houcst democracy. One of the candidates said that the honor of a seat ought to be sufficient payment for any member worthy of the name. That is a fair specimen of the genteel ama teurish style exhibited throughout. When that gentleman studies the question, it ever he docs study it, he will find that pay- mest of members is not intended to re munerate members for sitting in Parlia ment, but to enablo them to Bit there. It is to remove an unconstitutional and anti democratic bar which prevents the people from making a free choice of representatives, and limits their selection to the ranks of the well- to-do. Mr. Watkin grasps this in its real con stitutional bearings, which is only one instance of his generally superior political insight to many who in this election it is unfortunately necessary to prefer before him. Nevertheless, there is nothing for it hut to send him to the political guillotine on Saturday next At both Paddington and Central Cumberland Uncontest is exactly the same as in Canterbury —freetrader against freetrader— -with one small protectionist standing by on the off chance of "sneaking in during the confusion." Messrs. J. C. Nield, Alfred Allen, M'Laaghlin, Trickctt and Shepherd are the lreetrade candidates at Paddington. An advertising doctor who has got himself nominated does not count. These are all scrambling for the three seats, and the small protectionist candidate watches his chance to plunder the wonnded. At Central Cumberland, four freetraders and one protec tionist have been nominated for three 6eats; and the protectionist is none other than our old friend Air. Bull, with a new sait of political clothes on. Not having the least notion how to wear them, he presents an extremely comical sight, and must be regarded 03 one of the best jokes of the elections. The four frectrade candi dates are Messrs. MKAilloch, Parkes, Farnell and Nobbs. The three former had the show of hands, bat Mr. Nobbs is very strong locally, and an exciting contest between him and young Mr. Farnell may bo expected. Which ever wins, it will be a victory for freetrado, and that is all we are now concerned about. The question of local usefulness is for the electors to decide, and if past services are to go for anything, their choice will undoubtedly rest with Mr, Nobbs. Thefreetradebunchfor Mudgee was completed ywterday by the inclusion of Mr. Black. Mr. A G. Taylor leads the.campaign, aud appears to be ably seconded by Air. Haynes, who is a man in many respects 'after his own heart, and just the rattling sort of liberal politician that Hndgee generally shows a preference for. Mr. Blade is a sonnd freetrader, and by all three polling steadily together victory is not very doubtful. The news from Qucan- beyan reports Mr. O'Sullivan politically aground at ADchelago, and all attempts to float bim off unsuccessful. In this distress news is conveyed to Sydney, for the edification of the Protectionist Union treasurer, presumably, that Hhe freetraders are spending money freely and the contest is likely to be a severe one." 