?'JPX?KB6K)LB!-- BY MES. H. LOVETT. CHAPTER XXX V\ IN AN ITALIAN OIIUHOH. ? ' ,TnE dusk came on apace. The great vaulted . | roof was already wrapped in, gloom, grey ;, shadows s^ole amongst pointed . arches aud . fluted pillars, and played tricks with the dying . gleams of daylight over grotesque heads of devils and patriarchs, of angels and of mon sters, that were jumbled together weirdly amongst the rich carvings of capitols and of bosses. Along the northern transept the . half-effaced frescoes caught the last glimmer of -light, and giant forms of saints and martyrs .seemed to detach themselves faintly from the ? growing darkness beyond. One red light gleamed steadily in a hanging lamp before the high altar. An acolyte, in the far distant \- choir, was covering up the gold embroideries with white linen wrappers — his footsteps t ? - echoed sharply through the vestry door, shutting it noisily behind him. The church '? was left in silence. Val stole in on tip-toe, ? and sat down in the deep shadow close to one of the. heavy, columns of the nave. He sat there a long while. The:-placo was familiar and homelike to him — but to-morrow he would be gone, and Albona would know him no longer. He had not been happy here, but yet he felt a faint regret at leaving it. Val '-?had a fatthful heart, and he was grateful to the quiet little town with its solemn old church which had sheltered him in his stricken loneli — ness, for so many weeks. It had been a time of peace to him,;and:ho,feltithat the rest and stagnation, e'en to the utter. dulness of his life ?? _? here, had been good for.. him. He was more i man nair. sorry to leave it, tor. now tue burden of his life had to be taken tip again, the world . * had to be faced j ho had to bring his .seared \- *; heart and his altered hopes in contact once more with his fellow creatures, and Heaven .only knew how he would be able to do it. 'The deserted little town upon the vine-clad ? '-hills had endeared itself to him. Now that he was about to leave her, Albona and her me mories of the past seemed to possess a thousand |i, charms in his eyes. He began to conjure up J1' all sorts of .wild fancies concerning her as he sat alone in the twilight, under the arches of j I the ancient church. ? Without, in her streets, he seemed to ,hear once more the busy whirl ot tue looms in Her ruined factories, tne clang ?; of steel as the men-at-arms paced before her ..' walls, the, hum and throng of men coming and going, and a hundred varied sounds of life and activity. Then, all at once, from their long closed vaults the dead and gone counts of Albona rose up one by. one from their silent tombs and stood fouth in brave array along the shadowy aisle. A goodly crowd they werej great, .-Strong,»bronze-featured men, clad in coats of mail or sheeted plate ai niour ; gay plumes waved- upon their steel helmets ; tattered ban ' ,ners, that had wreathed, many a battle-field, ..,were f rasped iu their iron gauntleted hands, .-. and the echoes of their footsteps clanged noisily .down the stone-paved church as they trooped ,. forth to head their. people once more, as in the ?days of oldwhen they had been yet on earth. ' ., Sq^yiyidly.did the ;ghosUy procession seem i-.to rise and move before him, that Val posi tiyely started whoa, suddenly a human voice broke the silence of. his dreams, and all these ?''-wonderful visions faded swiftly into silence .^and, emptiness. ' This way, signora — there is a step into the ? porch,; take sare. Give me, then, your ador ..able.hand— is it not what I am always asking .-you: for?' .'' ..The voice was a man's, and unraistakeably Italian — the words were in good English. ?'?Through the wide-open doors of the western porch', two. figures— a man's and a woman's — came darkly outlined against the chiara oscura of a pale opal sky, already glinted faintly, with the silver light of the rising moon. A man,- slight of figure ; a woman, tall, but muffled up in some heavy cloak which covered her from head to foot. Nothing else was to be .seen. of them ; they were as impenetrably black .against the faint light without as though they cad oeen carvea in euony. ' It is top dark to see the church to-night,' continued the same voice, ; ' there are some ? -frescoes which are said , to have merit. We .must come again in the morning, and then the ,signor papa can come too.' \- ' They were coming up the church — two shadowy forms in the gloom. Val sat silently ?in; his corner by the pillar; he did not wish to be seen. They were the. travellers, he supposed ?who had latolv arrived at the hotel. Thev must have eaten ,the lately murdered chicken and his own fillet, and had evidently now come1 out for an after-dinner stroll. He, thought he would- wait until they had gone higher up the church, and then he would slip out quietly and' gO UaUtL.yU 111O .ULXJUIOUIG. ??'??-The two figures stopped close to him— not, teni yards away. He ,was absolutely inyisble| in. the darkness, and. they seemed to him only like two indistinct outlines of shadow. The man spoke once more. 'Forgive mo for saying .that t ami glad that il caro signor papa is fatigued to-night. It has given mo the delight of this walk alone ?with you. .Yon ave so cold to ,me-~so distant. You English women are so difficult to move. Yet now in the darkness of this faint moon light hour, it sqouis to mo as if you were tenderer, more kind,- und. niy hopes revive once again.' ..-Then suddenly Val'a heart gave a wild throb, and every pulse within him leapt up madly and tumultuously within him j for sho spoke — the cloaked, silont woman in tho darknoss. She spoke ; and hot1 voico was tho voice of Madeline Abbott ! ' You are a flatterer, prince ! ' At tho very first breath from her lips, ho .would have known that voico amongst a thousand. The rich, low tones, the gently modulated accents, and then came the same soft, little under laugh, which ho had so often listened to. ' I do not behove halt tho pretty tilings you say to me.' ' Ah Maddnlcna ! Why can you not believe? It is because you have been surrounded and worshipped by so many, that so many have adored you and told you that you were perfect) and you have listened unmoved \ because you have never loved — is it not so 1 You have never loved 1 ' ' Never ! ' she murmured. Val shivered. Ho \vas rooted to tho spot . he did not dare to move ; he would not have revealed himself to her for au empire, and yet he was forced to remain and to hear what she Oil Lit t 'You have told me this often,' continued tho Italian prince. ' Ever sinco wo have been travelling together I have asked it of you many times if you had ever loved? and always you say never — never. It is true, is it not? ' he asked it with a sort of hungry fierceness ; some men are greedily jealous of the past of the woman they love; thoir heart must be a white, un written page, or they will have none of it. Such a one was Prince Tornadi. ' I have told you,' sho repeated a little wearily. 'I have never loved.' And Val heard it. ' But I — I will teach you how to love mo !' murmured the man passionately ; '. it is a;lesson that even the coldest, and you, Maddelena — you shall be cold to all the world, but not to me — not to me ! When I press my lips to yours, tho kisses that you shall give me back shall be as hot and ardent as my own. Ah ! do not shrink away ; for in the darkness she seemsd to draw herself suddenly back ; ' do not fear, f would not frighten my timid, northern dove ; never will I dare touch your beautiful face, until you yourself say to me, ' Paolo, I love you.' But see here, Maddalena, we stand now, with God's altar before us . here, in this holy place, I swear that I will ] make you iny wife. Does a Tornadi ever break his oath 1 ' The violence of his words did not seem to anger his companion ; she stretched out her' hand to him, though, even to Val's maddened straining eyes, it seemed as though she did so with an effort. ' I do not love you yet, prince,' sho said with trembling timidity ; ' not yet — yon see I am young. I do not understand love, but I am gratetul, and perhaps m tune, when . our journey is over, perhaps — ah, give me time !' ' Ah yes—I understand you. I will wait, but you will love me some day. I will speak of this no more for the present, and it is chilly here ; the ghosts of all the dead counts of Albona seem to be abroad in the old church to-night. My mother is descended from that family ; perhaps the extinct old race of my ancestors is stirred in their tombs by my presence. Come, Maddalena, it is cold here ; let us go into the moonlight and the air.' They went out together by the western door into the pale light beyond, and their footsteps died away in the distance. Val stood very still. His heart no longer beat and throbbed ; he felt cold nntl lmrH. Presently all the echoes of the dim-vaulted roof were startled into wildest agitation, as a short, bitter laugh rang sharply up J from the solitary man below, and curled in eddying bil lows of sound amongst the arches, and up the pillars and the long, row of clear story ; win dows above. ' Ha ! ha !' rang the human voice below ; and '-Ha ! ha ! ha 1' echoed' the ghostly voices . above, till all the 'heads of saints and martyrs, fiends and monsters, of Jewish kings and Christian bishops, seemed to take up the mocking chorus ; again and again, peal after peal, wave after wave, eac fainter than the. last, until the last weird sound died away again far,far off into the distance of the gathering night. And this woman three months a^o was to o have been his wife ! Twelve short weeks since she had protested her love and her devotion to him, had told him, in his turn, that she 'had. never loved,' and that her virgin heart was entirely his own. And now she -was telling the same tale over again to this other man — to this foreigner, who was infatuated with her beauty as he had been, and convinced of her purity, as he had been convinced of it. _L. uui tiiij \J\JXA i wuui. uwi uuuu JL I. XilUG JLKJL LJULli ? ' would he too some time find out this Circe 1 Would he one day be forced to drink the dregs of the cup of pain and humiliation which this queen among wicked women would hold out to him with her cruel and merciless hands f (To be Continued.) 