HE FELL IN LOVE WITH HIS WIFE. Ire E. P. ROE (Author ol 4 From Jest to FArneeV YJ®? I Chestnut Burr,' 4 An Original Belle, etc.) j Chapteb xxix.— Husband and Wi m in I Tbouble. j I Like many others with simple, strong I j natures, Holcroft coald not be wrong-headed j moderately, and bis thoughts, once started I ia a direction, were apt to cariy him moo j I farther than the cause warranted. Engrossed I in painful and bitter musings, be paid no I I heed to Jane, and almost forgot nis erranu i ( to town. 4 1 waB a fool to ask that question, ' j I he thought. 4 1 was getting silly and senti- I mental with my talk about the picture stfl I all that. She laughed at me and reminded 1 _ y sIma Af amitm Hrlfi fiaD t I me x was waBiis v w , r Ti i like an old, hard-featured man i n beginning to understand her now. She made 1 a basiaess marriage with me, and means to j live up to ber agreement. She's honest ; I ! she feels I've done her a great kindneBs in | giving her a home, and she's willing to be j as self sacrificing as the day is long to make J it up to me. I wish she wasn't so grate- j fui ; there's no occasion for it. I den't want j her to feel that every pleasant word and J every nice act is so much towards payiDg a j debt. If there was any balance in my favour, it was squared up long ago, and I j was willing to call it even frGcn the start, j She's made me like her for her own sake, and I not op account of what she does for me, and j that's what I had in mind. Butshe's ray superior in every way, She's growing to be as prstty as a picture, and I suppose I I appear like a rather rough customer. Well, I can't help it, but it rather goes against me to have her think, 41 I'va maried him j and I'm going to do my duty by him just as I agreed." She'll do her duty by this Jane j iu the same self-saorificiots spirit, and will I try to make it pleasant for the ohiid jast I because it's right and because she herself j J was taken out of trouble. That's the shape I her religion takes. 'Tisn't a common form, I know, this returning good for good with I compound interest. But her conscience I won't let her rest aoless she d es everything I she can for roe, and now she'll begin to do I everything for Jane because she feels that I self- sacrifice is a duty. Anybody can be I self-sacrificing. If I made op my mind, I I could ask Mrs. Mompson to visit us ail 1 summer, hut I oouidn't like her to save my 1 life, and I don't suppose Alida can like me, 1 beyond a certain point, to save her life. Bat I she'll do ber duty. She'll be pleasant and j self'sacrifictng and do all the work she can 1 lay her hands sn for my sake ; bat when it I oomes to feeling towards me as I can't help j feeling towards her— tbat wasn't in the | bargain,' and he startled Jane with a eudaen | bitter laugh. I . r« « 1 _ .L«13 "t W__A » 1 say, eaia neoaiia;M u cent uu uuuiBg i on another poigaant reflection, 4 if you j hadn't married ber I could 'a' come and I oocfedfor you.' j 4 You think I'd been better off if I'd I waited for you, eh $ j 4 You kinder looked as if yer thought so.' 1 He now made the bills echo with a laugh, j i excised both by his bitter fancies and the 1 i preposterous idea. She looked at him in- j quiringly, and was much perplexed by hie j unwonted behaviour. Indeed, he was slightly 1 astonished at his own strange mood, but he yielded to H almost recklgpsly. I say, Jane,' he began, 4 I'm not a very good- looking man, am I ?' She shook her head in emphatic agree ment. 4 I'm old and rough and hard- featured.' Again she nodded approvingly. 4 Children and some others speak the truth,' he growled. 4 1 never had no teachiu', but I'm not a fool,' remarked Jane, keenly, i 4 1 gueBS I'm the fool in this case,' he added. I 4 It don't make no difference to me,' she I said, sympathetically I'm goin' to mind I you and not her. ' If ever you send her I away I'll cook for yoa.' I I 4 Send ber away 1' exclaimed the farmer. ! j with a shiver. 'God forbid. There, don't I I talk any more.' j For the next half mile he drove ia eilence, I with a heavy frown on his face ; then he I broke out sternly, 4 If you don't promise to I mind Mrs. Holcroft and please ber in every- I t.Viincr T'll iaavA mn a.t thn nnnrrhfiase door '""0' — - J — — — f -J and drive home again,' I Course I will, if you tells me to,' said the child, io trepidation. 4 Well, I do. People will find that making I her trouble a the sureBt way of making themselves trouble.' 4 She's got some hold on 'im,' concluded Jane, who, in listening to much gossip, had often beard Jthis expression, and now made a practical application of the idea. Wat-terly was greatly relieved when he I saw Holcroft drive np with the fugitive. I 4 1 was just going out to your piaoe, for the I girl's mother insisted that you had entioed I the girl away,' and the man langhed, as I I if the idea tickled him immensely, j j Holcroft frowned, for he was io no mood j j for his friend's rough jests. Go to your I mother till I send for you,' he said to Jane, j 4 The fact that you had taken two other j females from the house gave colour to Mrs. I l&uaipaou;'s view,' pursued Watterly, who I could take only the broadest hint as to his I conduct. I He received one now. Tom Watterly,' j said the farmer, sternly, 4 did I ever iusult | your wife ?' j 4 By jocks ! no ; you nor no other man. I I should say not.' 1 Well, then, don't you insult mine. Before I Fublfihed by special amngonent wlththeftutbor. I'd seen Mrs. Hole oft, ? _haW mUoh, jou J out of the ® emmoo £er to mix I little know— and I oon t . j np with the common run, even in y giving Holcroft Ha 3U- jc w&8 only I blatVangPed0ff>aouin't m6reJettlitDttVnteg ou well and keeping agreement 4 Yes, that's just what 8ha ? 8g,g00d, the farmer, gloomily. S1 ,JLJ if to capable woman Sbout h« that I came She'.a.ightbetr r i s cs a. - speak to.' . , 4 Oh, pshaw, now, Jim ! Kn«i \\\reii I've come on disagreeable host- | ness- I didn't know that Mrs. Mompson , and her child were here, and I J® Rord they could both stay here ! You ve found out what the mother is. I 1 \ \ 4 1 should say so,' replied Tom, iu8linf. I 4 She's talked several old women to death i already. The first day she was here she called on my wife and claimed social rela« lions, because she's so 4 ' respecter by oon« nected," as she says. I thought Augy d have a fit. Her respectable connections have got to take her off my hands.' s Tm not one of 'em, thank goodness, _ - vx . TI _ Inlrfl resumed HolcrotS. Bat l m wmuig w i the girl and give her a chance—at least, 1 I'll do it, he corrected himself in his I strict observance of truth. 4 You can I see she's not a child to dote on, but I j was sorry for hpr when I sent her mother away and said I'd try and do something for her. The first thing I knew she was at the house, begging me to either take her in or kill her. I couldn't say no, though I wanted to. Now you see what kind of a good Samaritan I am.' 4 Oh, I know you. You'd hit a man between the eyes if he charged you with doing a good deed. But what dneg your wife say to adopting snob a cherub V | 4 Wfe're not going to adopt her or bind | ourselves. My wife took the child 8 part i and plead with me in her behalf, though I could see the young one almost made her sick. She thinks it's her duty, you know, and that's enough for her.' «By jocks ! Holcroft, she -don't feel that way about you, does she ?' ! 4 Why shouldn't she ?' | 4 Why should she ? I can take about any thiog from Angy, but it wouldn't do for her I to let me see that she disliked me eo that I kinder made ber sick.' 4 Oh, thuoder, Tom! you're getting a J wroog impression. I was never treated belter by aoybody in my life than by Mrs, I Holcroft. She's a lady, every inch of her. J But there's no reason why she should dote j on an old fellow like me.' I 4 Yes, there is. I have my opinion of a | woman whe wouldn't dote on a man that s J been such a friend as you have.' 4 Oh, hang it all, Tom ! let's talk about I business. She's too grateful— that's what worries me. By the way she took hold and 1 filled the house with comfort, she made j everything even from the start. She's been j as good a friend to me as I to her. She's j done all she agreed and more, and I'll never j hear a word against her. The point I've I been trying to get at is this. If Mrs. I VfnMMsAA mill onrFon TtAWAP YVtWIA ttAAf n« iXiuUipQUU Will ngivv uvi vs wwmw j or make trou -le in any way, well take the I child. If she won't so agree, I'll have j nothing to do with the girl. I don't want i to see her mother, and you'd do me one of j the kindest turns you ever did a man by stating tbe case to her.' 4 If I do,' eaid Watterly, laughing, 4 yoo'll have to foriive me everything ia the past and tbe fatare.' 4 1 will, Tom. for I'd rathet have an eye- tooth pullfd than ace that woman. We're all right — jus a we used to foe at ecbool, j always hslf qoarrelliug, yet ready to stand j np for eaib other to the last drop. Bui I must have her promise in black snd white.' I 4 Well, oome to my office and we'll try to arrange it. The law is on your side, for the country wou's support people that anyone wiU take off its hands. Besides, I'm going to shams the women's relations into taking her away, and they'll b9 glad there's one less to Fupport ' They drew up a brief, atrong agreement, and Watterly took it to the widow to aign. He round ber in great exoitmeot, and Jane looking a her defiantly. 4 1 told yoa he was tbe one who enticed away my offspring,' she began, almost hysterioaHy. He'a & cold- hlooded villain. If there's law in the land I'll—' Stop,' thundered Watterly. ' His voice was so high and authoritative that she did stop, and with open mouth stared at tbe superintendent. 4 Now, be quiet aod listen to me,' be continued. 4 Either you axe a sane woman and oan stop this foolishness, or else I von are insane and must be treated as snob. You have your choice. Yon can't tell me anything about Holcroft ; I've known him since he was- a boy. He doesn't want your | srfrl. She ran away to him, didn't you?' to Jane, who nodded. 4 But he's willing to take her, to teach her something, and give ber a chance. His motive Is pure kindness, and he has a good wife who'll—' 4 £ see it all, cried the widow, tragically claBping her hands. 4 It's his wife's doings. She wishes to triumph over me, and even to u«nrp my piaoe incainistering to my child. Was there ever each an outrage? Sach a bold, vindictive female—' Here Jane, m a paroxysm of indignant i protest, seised her mother and began to shake ; her so violently that she could not epeak. ' Stop that, said Watterly, repressing ' I laughter with difficulty. 4 1 aee you are j insane, and the law will have to step in and 1 take care of yon both. I 4 What will it do with us V gasped the I widow. Weil, it oaght to put yoa in etrait-jaoketj, j to begin with ' — J 4 I've got sense if mother ain't,' cried Jane, j commencing to sob. 1 4 It's pi∈ the iaw'il decide your mother's not fit to take care of you. Anyone who j can imagine such silly, ridiculous things as j she's jost said must be looked after. Yon 2 may lake a nolitti, Mrs. Mompeon, fbaf I'm t a mtirdeer or a €£«. J , jost u sensible »e your olaer What doerf Mr. Holdioti1 ' «id the Widow, cooling off rapidly, I £3 eie was an atom of eommon-seose left iJ si ij of big pauper charges, Watterly soon 1 rought it into play, and hie fagoe tteeatetrii ga of law were always awe inapif ing. 4 He makes a vary kind offer, ft at you would jump at if yoa had tense — a got i boms for year child. You eugbrt eo knt the oau s siay here and iive as cu- arity ii & ijote is willing to take her.' 1 4 Qf course I would be permit ied to visit my child from time to time ? He couldn't be so monstrously hard- bearted us ' — 4 Oh, nonsense!' cried Watterly, im patiently. ' The idea of bis letting yea aoae to his hanee after what you've said shoot | him I I'fb no time to waste in foolieh&cgs; ! or he either- He will let Jane visif you but yon are to siga this paper and keep the agreement not to go sear him or make ft&y; I iron We whatever.' I 4 It's an abominable ' — 4 Tut f tni ! that kind of talk isn't allowed' here, if y<?u can't decide like h taoe woman the iaw'il eoos deotde for you.' I As was aiwaye ths case when Mre. Mump. I son reached the inevitable, rhe yielded; the I paper was signed, aod J ue, who had already I made up her sm3li bundle, o-jdded triumph- j antly to her mother aud followed Watterly. I Mrs. Mumpson, on tiptoe, followed also, I bent on either propitiating Ht loreft and so I preparing the way for a visit, or else on 1 sivinK him once more a piece o I her mind.' 4 All right, Holcroft, said Westerly, sb he entered the office, 4 here's the paper signed. Was there ever snob an id ' — 4 Oh, how do yoa do, Mr. Holcrt ft,' cried the widow, barstiug in and rushing lorward with extended band. Tbe farmer turned away and loc ked as if | made of stone. ' Changing ber tactics iostauwy, she oat her j handkerchief to her eyes and aic&ned;, You never can have the heart to eay I cap t come and see my child. I've sigaed writings, 'tis true, under threats, and compute/ops ; but I trust there will be reientings ' — 'There won't be ooe relent,' cried Jantf 4 1 never want to see you again, and a Miad post could see that be doesn't.' . 4 Jane,' said Holcroft, sternly, 4 don't speak: so again. If strangers can be kind and patient with you, you can be so with your mother. She has no olaims on me and has I said things whioh make it impossible I for me to speak to hir again, but I shall insist on your visiting and treating her kindly.— Good-bye, Watterly. You've proved I yorBeif a friend again,' and he went xapi.ily j away, followed by Jane. I Mrs. Mumpson was bo taken aback by Hoioroft'e final wordsjand Watterlv's stern I manner as he said, 4 This is my office,' that | for once in her life she disappeared silently, j Holcroft soon purchased tbe articles on hip I list, meanwhile rooking his brains to think o! something tbat he oould buy for Alida, but I the fear of being thought sentimental, and j of appearing to seek a personal regard for I himself, not 1 nominated in the bo&V; I restrained him. j On his way home, he was again sank iff | deep abstraction, but the bitterness of his- J feeling had., passed away. Although m mistaken as before in his apprehension of | Alida, his thoughts were kinder and juster. I 4 I've no right to find fault or oomplaiB,' be j said to himself. 4 She's done ail I asked and better than she agreed, and there's no one to ! blame if ehe can't do more. It mast have been plain ecoagh to her at first fcbBt I cmm want anything but a housekeeper — a quiel, friendly body that would look after the house and dairy, and she's done better than even I | hoped. Tnat's just the troobl« ; she's turned out so different from what I expected ana looks so different from what she did, tbsl I ® just sort of oarried away. I'd give half to® farm if she was sitting by my side this job©1 evening and I could tell ber ail I fool know she waB glad. I must be just and ish to her. 1 asked her to agree to one thing, and now I'm beginning to want a tremendous sighs more— I want her to like not only her home and work aad the quiet life she bo longed for, but I want her to like me, 1 j enjoy my society, not oniy in a friendly, j businesslike way, but in anoiher way -yeti j oonfoand my slow wits ! somewhat as if she j was my wife in reality, and not mereiy in j name, as I insisted. It'a mighty j business in me, who have been so proofl o I standing up to my agreements and so exscl- ing of others to do the same. 1 aw?£ cold and atiff this afternoon beoauee j wasn't silly and sentimental when I was. i to her an unpolished, homely, middle-agea man, and yet I sort of aoofied »« 486_i j sacrifice which has led her to be pleasant b 1 companionable in every way that ber lew 1 logs allowed. I wish I were younger a 1 better looking, so it wouldn't at . V, J senee of doty and gratitude. Gr; I hanged I I don't want any mors of it- ' 4 j now, James Holcroft, If you're tbe eq I man you supposed yourself to be, yn i just as . kind and considerate as yoQ how, and then yon'Uleave Alida to h— peaoeful lite to whioh ehe looked for when Bbe married you. Tbe thing fr y do ie to go back to your first ways after y were married, aod attend to the f®- . - - doesn't want you hanging round and 100 ujs at her a& if she was one of her own p Thal'e something she watn'l led to exp®®» and it would bo mean enough to force it P" hr before ehe shows that she wishes i«, ( I oouidn't complain it she nsver w«hea i . During the first hour after SoIerfie « parlure Alida had been perplexed and wo but her Intuitions soon led to bopefoi inee , the beauty and peaoe of nature without, in restoring ber serenity. The mors nu she dwelt on Hotaroft'e words and 131 tbe more true it seemed that he was w 1 to take an interest in ber that was P® . #> and apart from every other csnricierft 1 If I am gentle, pattest, and ' . 1 thought, all will oome out right. H 1 true and straightforward thai I nae I no tears.' , . „ I Wnen fee returned and greeted bar j what seemed hie old, friendly, 0 0f J manner, and during a temporary atjse j Jane, told her laughingly of tt«3 episode, she wag almost completely re ,j j 4 Suppose the widow breaks throog . j restraint, and appears as did J06 I would yon do ? beMfeed i i- iV , . inriffj0 Whatever you wished,' she xepU&2, smiling. 4 Io other words, what yon thought yoflr 'fluty? 4 1 suppose that !b what one Bhbnld try to , do. I guess yon are the one that wonld succeed in doing it, even to Mrs. Mqrmpaon,' he said, turning hastily away and going to his room. She was puzzled again. 4 I'm sure I don't dole on self'saorifioe and hard duty anymore than he does, but I oan't tell hi'm that duty is not hard when it s to him.' Jane was given the room ovfjr the kitchen 'hioh Mrs. Wiggins had oorjupied, and the fa rmbouse soon adopted her into its quiet r0 utine. ftolorofi's course continued to cai we a dissatisfaction wfcdoh she could BOa toely define. He was as ' kind aB ever he bad ' been, and even more considerate ; he not only gratified her wis! ties, but tried to anti cipate them, while Jane 's complete sub- aerv lenoy proved that she I tad been spoken to vt nry plainly. MUA MaSaaA kew a n laaSAM r/iV Kn W un/ BUP uiiodou uct q toaouu the t bird time, and Alida told her that she must learn it thoroughly ? before going out. Xhe child took the boo k reluctantly, yet witbt mt a word. That's a good girl,' said Alida,, wishing to enoouri ge her. I was afraid at first you woulco't mind me so roadil y,' Ho told Die to ; he'd fire me out of the window if X. didn't mind yo u.' _ Oil, no, 1 think he's very kind to you.' Well, he's kind to yon, too.' Yes, he has always beers kind to me,' said Alida, ge atly and lingerfingly, as if the toought f vers pleasant to dwell upon. Bay," said Jane, yielding to her cariosity, how di< 1 you make him so afraid of you when b e didn't like you ? He didn't like mother, but he wasn't afraid of her. 4 WTjy do you think be doesn't like me?' Alida faltered, turning very pale. 1 Of i, 'cause he looked o.aoe jest sss he did after mother 'd been goin' xlor' — . to I ..:il V.m anoalr xnere, uo bviu, xuu uiudvu » — such things or talk to me a bout Mr, .Holoroft in suoh a way,' and she hastily left the kitchen. When in the soli hade of he r own room, she gave way to bittitr tears. 4 It is go plain,' she thought, 4 that even this ignorant child sees it ? An d the unhappy change began the day Bhe ca me, too. I oa n't understand it, We were soi happy before; and he seemed to enjoy bei; og near me s&'d albing to me when his work permitted. H-® used to look into my eyes in a way thaa made me hope, and, Indeed, jfeei almost sure/ X receive no more suoh looka ; he seems only 1 trying to do his duty by me as he promised at first, and acts as if it wore all duty, a mere matter of conscience. Gould he have discovered how I lelt, and no ie .taking this way to remind me that not hing of this kind was in our agreement V Well, Ire no reason to complain ; I aooepted the relation of my own free will, bat it's hard, hand indeed for a woman who loves a man wififh her whole heart and soul— ana ne ner nas oaua — so gy on meeting Mm day after day ;yet act as if she were his mere business; partner. But I can't help myself, my very nature as well as a sense of his rights prevent mt - from ask ing more, or even showing that T wish for more. That would be aeking for.it. But can it be true thai he is positively .learning to dislike me ? to shrink from me with that strong repulsion which women fetl towards some men ? Oh, if this is trne, tb ie case is hopeless ; It would kill me. Every ' effort to win him, even the ; most delic ate, and unobtrusive, would ouly drive hin i farther away; the deepest instincts of his eonl would lead him to wihdraw— to 9 bun me. if this is true, the time may come when, so far from my filling his home with comfort, I shall make him dread to enter it. -Oh, oh ; my only course is to remember just what I promised and he expected when he a tarried :me, and live op to that-' Thas hue band and wife reached the1 same r conclusion, and were rendered eqUallj un- 1 happy. Chapter XXX — Holcboft'b Best Hope. When Holciuffi came in to dinner that; day tote view he had adopted was confirmed, yet Alida's manner and appearance began to trouble him. Even to his rather slow pa" oeption, she did not seem so happy as sh.9 had been. She did not meet his eye with her old frank, friendly, and, as he had almost hoped, affectionate expression ; she seemed jnerely feverishly anxious to do everything -and have all as he wished. Instead of acting with natural ease and a Baying what was In bet mind without premeditation, a conscious i effort was visible, and an apparent solicitude that he should be satisfied. The inevitable ? result was that he was more dissatisfied. 14 She'e doing her beet for me,' he growled, as Ihe went baok to his work, 4 and it begins to look as if it might wear her out in time. CJoofound it 1 having everything ust 80 iBD'l of much oooount when a man's heart is hungry. Td rather have had one of her old smiles and gone without my dinner. Well, well, bow little a man understands himself or Jknowa the future ! The day I married her I , .... i 1ub(i aha nhonld a are for was in uiwwi »» - — ------ — . mtf too much and want to be affectionate ana All" that ; and here I am, discontented and Loop ing beoause everything has turned out as I then wished. Don't see as I m to blame, either, She had no business to grow so pretty. Then she looked like a ghost, but Sow when the ooiour comes into her obeeks, and her blue eyes sparkle, a man would be a stupid clod if He didn't look with all his eyes and feel bis heart a-thumping. That she should change eo wasn't in the bargain , neither was it that Bhe should read aloud in such sweet tones that a fellow 1,ke | listen to the dictionary ; nor that she Bbould make the house and yard look as they never did before, and, strangest of ell, P®n my eyes to the fact that apple trees bear flowers ml well as pippiua. I can t go by a wilfl (poBy in the lane without thinking she dlike it.aod see in it a great de.al more, oould. I've been taken in. ae old Jon»thma t tared/ he muttered, following out his fa vov with a sort of grim humour. 4 She isn 't the woman I thought I was marrying, «yhb/wm,lX-b«n letting married with a single eye to business. Bee where I am now. "Hanged it I don't believe I'm in love with my -wife, and, like a j thundering tool, I had to warn her against falling in love, with me ! Little need of that, though. iStae hasn't been taken in, for I'm the same old chap she married, and I'd be a eighty mean cuss it .1 went to heir ; and said,. " Here, I wans you to do twice as psoh, a hLndredfold as much as you agreed to/1 I'd. be uvfool, too, for she oouldh't do it unless something drew her. towards me just as I'm draw n towards her.' Later in the afternoon be leaned on the handle of Ms corn-plough, and in the con soiousmesB of solitude , said aloud, Things grow clear if you think of them enough, and the Lord knows I don't think of muoh else any more. It isn't hey good qualities which I say over to myself a hundred timeB a day, or her education, or anything of the kind that draws me ; it's, she herself. I like her. Why don't I say love her, and be honest ? Well, it's a fact, and I've got to face it. Here I am, ploughing out my oorn, and it looks splendid fn lira T thnnoilt Sf T nnnld Btian nn tiho »» " "6"' — -o— — — I old plaqp, and plant, and cultivate, and I reap, I'd be more than content, and now 1 1 don't seem to care a rap for the oorn or the I farm either, oompared with Alida ; and 1 1 oare for her just because she is Alida and no I one else.. But the other side of this faot has I : an ugly look. Suppose I'm disagreeable to 1 her. When she married me she felt like a I woman drowning ; she was ready to take hold of the -first hand reached to her, without knowing muoh about whose hand It was. Well, she's had time to find out. She isn't drawn. Perhaps she feels towards me some what as I did towards Mrs. Mumpson, and she oan't help herself either. Well, well, the j bare thought of it makes my heart lead. What's a man to do? What can I do but live up to my agreement, and not torment her any more than I can help with my com pany? That's the. only honest course. Perhaps she'll get more used to me in time. She might get sick, and then I'd be so kind and watohful that she'd think the old fellow wasn't so bad after all. But I. sha'n't give I her the comfort of no end of self-sacrifice in I trying to be pleasant and sociable. If she's J foolish enough to think she's in my debt, j she oan't pay it in that way. "No, sir ! I've I got to make the best of it now— I'm I bound to — but this business marriage will | never suit me until that white arm I saw in | the dairy room is round my neck, and she I looks in my eyes and says, 44 James, I guess I I'm ready for a longer marriage ceremony." ' I It was a pity that Alida oould not have I been among the hazel-nut bushes near and 1 heard him. 1 He resumed his toil, working late and 1 doggedly. At sapper he waB very attentive to Alida, but taciturn and preoccupied ; and when the meal was over he lighted his pip strolled out into the moonlight. She longed to follow him, yet felt it to he more impossible than if she were chained to the floor. And «n the d&VR; nasssd. VTalflroft ulrivino a' _ w . — q a with the whole force of his will to appear I absorbed in the farm, and she with equal | effort to seem occupied and contented with j her household and dairy duties. They did I everything for each other they oould, and yet I each thought that the other was acting from I a sense ol obligation, and so all the more I sedulously veiled their aotual thoughts and I feelings lrom each other. Of oourse such I mistaken effort only led to a. more complete j misunderstanding. I With people of their simplicity and habit of retioenoe, little p(. what appeared on the I surfaoe. Neither had time to mope, and I their mutual duties were in a large measure a support and refuge. Of these they could still speak freely, for they pertained to business. Alida's devotion to her work was | unfeigned, for it seemed now her only avenue of approach to her husband. She watched over the many broods of little chickens with tireless vigilance. If it were yeltow gold, she could not have gathered the butter .from the churn .with greater greed. She kept the honitfi Am&flul;&te.; and sought to develop her cooking into a fine art. Sue was scrupulous J in giving Jane her lessons and In trying to I correct her vernacolar and manners, bpt the I presence of the ohild grew to be a heavier cross every day. She could not blame the girl, whose misfortune it was to lead incidentally to the change in Holoroit's manner, yet it was not impossible to associate her with the beginning of that change. Jane pvas making- decided improvement, and had Alicia been happy and at rest this fact would have given muoh satisfaction in spite of the ! instinctive repugnance which the girl seemed j to inspire universally. Holcroft reoognised ! this repugnance and the patient effort to dis guise it and be kind. Like enough she feels in the same way towards me,' he thought, 4 and is trying a eight harder sot to show it. But she seems willing enough to talk business and to keep up her interest in the partnership line. Well, blamed if I wouldn't rather talk busineM to her than love to any other woman !' So it gradually came about that they had more and more to say to eaoh other on matters relating to the farm, Holcroft 8uOW6Q Q6t vOv rcueipso xor uwr ®u« i her eyes sparkled as if he bad brought jewels 1 home to her. Then sbe in turn would expatiate on the poultry interests and assure him that there were already nearly two hundred little ohioks on the place. One afternoon,. during a shower, she ventured to beguile him into listening to the greater pyrt of one of the agricultural journals, and; with mneh deference made t wo or throe sugges tions about the farm Whioh he saw were j excellent. Bhe little dreamed that if she were willing to talk of turning the farm upside down and inside put, he would have listened with pleasure. They both began to acquire more serenity and hopefulness, for even this sordid partnership was growing strangely interest ing. The meals grew less and less silent, and the farmer would smoke his pipe invitingly near in the evening, so that she could resume their talk on bucalio subjects without muoh conscious effort, while at the same time if she did not wish his sooiety she could shun it without disoourtesy. He soon perceived that she needed some encourage ment to talk even of farm matters, but baving received it ibat she showed no further reloetanoe. As long as I keepon this tack all asesM well,' be muttered Sh® don t hot ae if I was disagreeable te her, hot then, bov i can a man toll? K sb6 , thinks it her dncy. j she'll talk and smile, yet shiver at the very thought of my touching her. Well, well, I time will show. We seem to be getting more sociable, any bow. They both recognised the faot, and tried to disguise it, and to relive themselves from the I appearance of making any nndue advances by I greater formality of address. In Jane's I presence, he 'had formed the habit of speak- j ing to. his wife as Mrs. Holcroft, and now he j was invariably 4 Mr.' I One evening, in the latter part of June, he I remarked at supper, 4 1 must give half a day ( to hoeing the garden to-morrow. I've been I so busy working out the oorn. and potatoes I that it seems an ae since I've been in the I garden.' , j 4 She and me,' began Jane — 4 1 mean Mrs. I Holcroft and I, have been in the gbrden.' 1 4 That's right, Jane, you're coming on. I I think your improved talk and manners do | Mrs: Holorolc muoh credit. I'd like to tak6 j some lessons myself.' Then, as if a little I nlevmc/) af iiia ifl HfiflfefiTlAu tO ftfiK. SB v uia — — — » ' What have you beeu doing in the garden ?' 4 You'll see when you go there,' replied j Jane, her small eyes twinkling with the rudi' I menta of tun. Holcroft looked at the child as if he had I not seen her for some time either. Her hair was neatly combed, braided and tied with a blue ribbon instead oi a string, her gown was as becoming as any dress could be to her, her little brown hands were clean, and they no longer managed the knife and fork in an iil- bred manner. The very expression of the I child's face was changing, and now that it was lighted up with mirth at the little surprise awaiting him, it had at least attained I the negative grace of being no longer repul I sive. He sighed involantarily as he turned I away. 4 Just see what she's doing for that I child that I once thought hideous ! How I much she might do for me if she oared as I do !' j He rose from the table, lighted his pipe 1 and went oat to the doorstep. Alida looked at Mm wistfully, 4 He stood there with me once and faoed a mob of men,' she thought. | 4 Then he put bis arm around me. I would | face almost any danger tor even suoh # j caress again.' The memory of that hour 1 lent her unwonted courage, and she j approaohed him timidly and said, 4 Perhaps | you would like to go and look at the garden ? I Jane and I may net have done everything right.' I 'Why, certainly. I forgot about the! garden ; but then you'll have to go with me ! if I'm to tell you.' j 4 1 don't miud,' she said, leading the way. The June sun was low in the west, a-d the air had beoosne delicionsly cool and fragrant. The old rose bushes were in bloom, and as she passed she picked a bud and fastened it on her bosom. Wood- thrushes, orioles and the whole ohoras of birds were in fall song ; limpid rills of I melody from the meadow larks flowed from I the fialda. and the whistling ot the quails " — 7 « I added to the harmony. I Holoroft was in a mood of whioh he had j never been conscious before. These familiar I sounds, which had been unheeded so much j of bis life, now affected him strangely, | creating an immeasurable sadness and I l longing. It seemed aa if perceptions whioh j were like new senses were awakening in his j i mind, The world was full of .wonderful 1 beauty before unreoogntsed. at d the woman I who walked lightly and gracefully at his side | was the crown of it all. He himself was so | old, plain and unworthy in contrast. His 1 heart aohed with a positive, definite pain I that he was not younger, handsomer and better equipped to win the love of his wife. I As sbe stood in the garden, wearing the | rose, her neat dress outlining her greeefal I form, the level rays ot the sun lighting up 'her face and turning her hair to gold, he I felt that he had nerer seen or imagined such a woman before. She was in harmony | 1 with the Jane evening and a part of | it, while he, iu his working clothes, I his roused, sun-browned features and hair tinged with grey, was a blot upon the scene. | She, who waB so lovely, muat be conscious I | of his rode, clownish appearance. He would 1 | have faced anv man living and held his own I on the simple basis of his manhood. Any- I thing like seorn, although veiled, on Alida's j part, would have touched his pride and | steeled his will, but the words and manner of this gentle woman who tried to aot as if blind I to all that he was in contrast with herself, to j show him deference, kindness, and good will when, perhaps, Bhe felt towards him I somewhat as she did towards Jane, over- I whelmed him with humility and grief. It is I the essence of deep, Unselfish love to depre- I oiate itself and exalt its objeot. There was I a superiority in Alida which Holoroft was I learning to recognise more clearly everyday, I and he had not a trace o! vanity to sustain I him. Now he was in a mood to wrong and I undervalue himself without limit. i I She showed him how muoh she end Jane ! I had accomplished, how clean and neat they j had kept the rows of growing vegetables, and I how gpod the promise was for an indefinite I number of dinners, but sbe only added to ! .. « « v wr _ _ « _ . l the farmer's depression, ne waB in no mooa j for onions, parsnips, and their vegetable kin, yet thought, 4 Sbe tbinkB I'm only capable of being interested in suoh things, and I've been at much pains to give that impresei&i.; She pioked that rose for herself t and now she's showing me how. soon we may hope to have summer oabbage and squash, dhe thus shows that she knows the difference between us, I and that always must be between us, I fear. I She is so near In our daily life, yet how osnJ I I get any nearer? As I feel now, it seems impossible.' j She had quickly observed his depressed, I abstracted manner, but misinterpreted the I cause?. Her own face olocded and grew 1 troubled. PerhapB she was revealing too j muoh of her heart, although seeking to die- j guise it so sedulously, and he was penetrat- j ing her motives for doing so much in the I garden and in luring him thither now. He | was not showing much practical interest in | bsane and beetB, and was evidently op j pressed and ill at ease. 1 4 1 hope we have done things right ?' sbe j ventured, turning away to bide tears of disappointment. 1 4 Her eelf-saorifioe is giving out/ he j thought, bitterly. Sue finds eh oan < scarcely look at me as I now appear in contrast with this Jane evening. Well, I J don't blame her. It" makes me almost sick j when I think of myself, and I won't be brute I enough to say a harsh word to her. You I have done it all far better than I could,' he j said emphatically. ; I would not have ; believed it if you hadn't shown me. The trouble is, you are trying to do too much. I — I think I'll take a walk.' In faot, he had reached the limit of endurance ; he conld not look upon her another moment as she appeared that even ing and feel that she associated Mm chiefly I with crops and business, and that all her grateful good-will oould not prevent his I personality from being disagreeable. He must carry his bitterness whither no eye could see him, and as he turned, his self- disgust led Mm to wMrl away his pipe. It struck a tree and fell shattered as its foot. Alida had never seen him do anything of the kind before, and it indicated that he was passing beyond the limits of patience. 4 Oh, oh.' she sobbed, I fear we are going to drift | apart t If he oan't endure to talk with me I abont sneh thinus. what flhanee have I at i all ? I hoped that the hour, the beauty of I the evening and the evidence that I had been I trying so hard to please him wonld make 1 him more like wnat he used to be before he | seemed to take a dislike. There's only one I j way to account for it all — he sees how I feel | and he don't like it. My very love sets him | against me. My heart was overflowing to night. How CGuld I help it, as I remembered j j how he stood up for me ? Ha was brave and aind ; he meant we;l by me, he means well j now ; bnt he oan't help his feelings. He has ' gone away now to thick of the woman that he did love and loves still, and it angers him that I should think of taking her j place. He loved her as a child and girl and I woman— he told me so ; he warned me and j said he could, not help tninktng of her. If I I had not learned to love him so deeply and I passionately and show it in spite of myself, I time would gradually have softened the paBt I and all might have gone well, Yet how I could I help it when he saved me from so much ? I feel to-night, though, that I only escaped one kind of trouble to meet another almost as bad and which may become worse.' She strolled to the farther end of the garden that she might become calm before meeting Jane's scrutiny. Useless pre caution, for the girl had been watching I them both. Her motive had not been un mixed curiosity, since having taken soma part in the garden work, she had wished to witness BL-lcroft's pleasure and bear his praises. Since the actors in the scene so misunderstood e«ch tither, she certainly would not rightly interpret them. 4 3he's losin' her hold on 'im/ she thought. 4 He . acted jaat as if she- was mother.' ; Whan Jane saw Alida coming towards the i house she wbisked from the conoealing shrubbery to the kitehen again and waB | stolidly washing the diBhes when her mistress entered. 4 You are Blow to-night,' Baid Alida, looking at the child keenly, but the impassive face revealed nothing. She set "about helping the girl, feeling it would be a relief to keep her hands busy. Jane's efforts to comfort were always maladroit, yet the apparent situation so interested hex that she yielded to her ineii. nation to talk. 4 Say/ she began, and Alida was too dejected to correct the child's ; vernaoular, 4 Mr. Holoroft's got somethin' - on his mind.' 1 Well, that's not strange.' 4 No, s'possnot. Hate to see 'im look so, though. He always used to look so -when mother went for 'im and hung around 'im. At last he eleared mother out, and just before he looked as black as he did when he I passed the house while ago. You're good to | me an' I'd like you to stay. Ws you I'd leave 'im alone.' 4 Jane,' said Alida, coldly, 4 1 don't wish you ever to speak to me of suah things again,' and bhe hastily left the room. Ob, well,' muttered Jane, 4 I've got eyes in my. head. If you're goin' to be I foolish, like mother, and keeg) a gain' for I 'im, it's your look ont. I kin get along with him and he with me, and I'm goin' to stay.' I Holcroft strode rapidly up the lane to the deep solitude at the edge of his woodland, j Beneath him lay (be farm and the home that he bad married to keep, yet now, I without a second's hesitation, he would part | with alltocall his wife 4 wife.' How little the name now satisfied him, without the I | sweet realities of whioh the word is signi- 1 fieant ! The term and relation had become a mocking mirage. He almost cursed him self that he had exulted over his increasing bank acoount and general prosperity, and had qpmplaoently assured himself that she was doing just what he had aBked, without any sentimental nonsense. 4 How could I expeotit to turn cue otherwise ? he thought. From the first I made her think l hadn't a soul for anything but eropB and money. How that she's getting over her trouble and away from it, she's more able to see just what I am, or atv least what she naturally thinke I am. But she doesn't understand me. I scarcely understand myself. I Iodu I to be a different man in everyday, and nob I tr\ arnrlr unri liv« libfi AH fit. FTcra nia some of my orops almost ready to gather, and they never were better, yet I've no heart for the work. Seems to me it'll wear me ont if I have to carry ttais load of trouble all the time. 1 thought my old j burdens bard to bear ; I thought I was lonely before, but it was nothing oompared with living near one you love, but from Whom you are out off by aomething you can't see, yet must feel to the bottom ol yqUr heart.' Hie distraught eyes rested on the church spite, fading in the twilight, and the little I adjoining graveyard. 0 Bessie/ be groaned 4 why did you die ? I was good enough for you. Oh, that all had gone on j as it was and I had never known' — He stopped, shook his head and was silent, j At last he sighed, 4 1 did love Bessie, I love I and respect her memory as muoh as ever. But somehow I never felt as I do now. All 1 was quiet and matter-oMaot in tbos days, I yet it was real and eatisfyirg I was 1 oontent to live on, one day like r, to I the end ot my days. If I hadn't been so 1 oontent it woold be better ror me now. I'd 1 have a better chance if I had read more, I thought more and fitted myBelf to be more a companion for. a woman Tike Alida. If I I knew a greet deal and could talk well she might forget I'm old and homely. Bessie was so true a friend that she would wish, it she knows, what, / wish. I thought I needed a housekeeper ; I find I need more than all elscNuoh a wife aa Alida could be — one that could help me to be a man instead of a dradge, a Christian instead of a dis contented and uneasy unbeliever. At one time, it seemed that she was leading me along so naturally and pleasantly that I never was so happy, then all at onoe it earn to me that she was doing it from gratitude and a sense of duty, and the duty grows harder for her every day. Well, there seems nothing for it now but to go on as we began and hope that the future will bring us more in sympathy.' (TO BB CONTINUED.) 