THE GOLDEN HOPE.* A BOMANCE 'O' TEE DEEP. I dramt a dream aat w. notI a dream. Br W. CLARK RUKsrLL. CHPrrTn XX.-(CosrTIED..) The woyage to the Indian Ocean and back. nyway,' cried Hiram, ' touching at an island there. Ye'll allow that.' There was a general murmur of assent. 'Very well,' I cantonned Hiram, speakting with excitement, 'and I should like to know if he was to find i a countrywoman of ours upon that island, or any shipwrecked sailors belonging to the 1 Vernulm or any other weneel, I should like to r know,' he cried in his huskie't voice and with t a stern roll of his eyes over the men, ' if there's e'er a seaman here as would say, 'I'm a not agoin' to rescue that there woman or them there men; it's a job I didn't sign I for!' There was a panuse, broken only by the flap of a sail as the schooner rolled to leeward and a the rippling of the water at the stem. Some e bright stars were shining in the dark eastern a blue, but westwards it was still a rusty hectic a among the lines of clouds whose skirts were blackeoing to the night, though their brows I till held traces of the glory that was deep a down behind the sea. 'Why, of course.' said Goldsmith, ham. t mering at a flint for his tinder-box, ' if you put it in that way. cant'n, it'n right enouch. Neer a man here, I s'pose, believes in ghosts, t ohbjects ye can see and yet walk through without feelin' of 'em. And our wish to hear f what you had to say abut the yarn Johnny I lay and listened to wasn't because we was t such cussed fools as to reckon we was actually c bound out to bring home a ghot. but because r none of us not havitng much acquaintance t with what goes on in paroone' minds, we agreed that there must be something uncom- a mon hidden from us in this woyage, and l wanted to know what it was.' Well, ye have the truth,' said Stone: ' and I I'll ro bit flrder with you yet, mates-the Sapa'n here'll bear me out; tne reason why I tlhe clergyman didn't tell os afore we started that he had dreamt the lady he was to be spliced to was on the island, was 'cause be I was afraid of being sneered at. Ain't that a likely thing in a man ? Why, I've known I chaps afraid to sae their prayer--actualiy ashamed to ask God's blessing upon them and those they've leftat home-for fear they'dI be laughed at by their mates, choosin' rather I to put aside Gols love than be jeered at by the meanest of his creatures.' 'Well, that's true enoouh,' grumbled Breeches. 'I myself have had feelio's I shouldn't ha' liked to talk about, 'specially I when my boy was drownded.' ' Ite all that bloomin' Johnny !' cried Joe Hall. ' If he'd told the cook the truth there'd ha' been nothen said. But who was going to know what we was bound out for when that chap comes along with his yarns about gho 's and sperrits on an island waiting for the schooner to take 'em off!' ' And I ain't sure, Micky,' said Sawyer, turntng upon the cook, 'that the yarn wasn't aggravated by your way of relating of it' I'II swear,' cried Johnny, who stood cowering behind the foremast, ' that I never said nothing about the ghost's heres bein' like rdin' lamps for brightness. Yet MItcky made that out. S'elp me, skipper, it war Micky's temper that forced me to'splain why I had n't come forrard afore, or rather than I'd ha' said a word about the parson's yarn I'd h'i been-' and here, as was apparently his customr, he erpressed himself willing to incur all sorts of frightful and horrible calamities, nrch as being struck blind and the hke. This the cook answered hby calling Johnny many offensive names. But the crew now saw how it was. Tuere was nothing more to argue about; besides It would be eight hells before long, and time for the men who had the first watch below to think of turn ing in. 'A queer notion for them to have got into their needs,' said Haram to Stone as they walked aft; 'better say nothen abshout it to Mr. Fortescue; it might make him oueasy. 'So I think,' replied Stone. 'I dunno that i'm sorry it's happened either,' said Hiram; 'if the woyage was puzzling to un alt it was bound to be pozzliug forrard; but now it's onderetandable to all hands-at least, onderetandable from the curate's way of looking at it. Mind ye, Bill, what I said to the men don't orove that I cease to consider the whole bilin' of this start amazin'ly soopernat'ral. as Breeches ribhtly calls it I've been running it over all the aftercoon. and harve come to the concluoson that this here wora?, must be regarded as a woim put into the gent's mind by his dream. If the bearings of your isand are correctly given, we shall fi.d it rght enough, haut hat's all; nothen else but the island, it at ain't a savldge or two!' ' Well, we'll hare to find that out by waiting.' said Stone. ' My view is, that vince as much as he could find out about his dream turned out true the other part 'll be true like wise. Ye know, irt min, that there's no noo sensicil piety saout me. What I bhlev.e in I keeps to myeeif unless I'm a'ked to speak. Mr nation is that one soul's quite enough for a man to look arter in this world, and that if he conearne hlause f with other people's souls he sta'nds t let his own go adrift So, touch iog this here dream, I don't want 'o hargue anit I w, some converted retired sea capr tatn, who makes friend, with pareooa in the hope of getting a hoist in'o a herth ashore through em; all that I desire to say is that the Being who made them st.rn, and the holler of whose hand is big enough to contain the ocean and everything all 'at on it, is as likely to show mercy to a man by untting a eelal dream into his head as by hendng a gale of wind just when all hands think them selves lost.' SWhy, yes,' exclaimed Hiram, following the indication of old Stone's finder as he pointed aloft; ' there' no limitinz of the Lord's power; everybody knows thae: and it 'ad he prebumpyious.' he added, empnasising the 'b' as though he would have Stone to observe his mastery over difficult word', ' in me to suy the parson's dream didn't come from the Lord. Still, Bill, ye know, it would be more satisfactory if this class of wisions was more general. There've been a good mane dreams roing on in thin world eree since Adam woke up and found Heve along side of him, which some married men might coneider in the light of a nightmare; but when it comes to one chap being singled oat-' He paused, and added, 'Tell 'ee what I should like to dream of, Bill, and find come true' What !' said Stone, gaping. 'Why, of a hisland-not with a ghost upon it-bat with a signboard standing up and saying. 'Four foot down lies ten thou. sand pound in good m,,ey.' That 'nd be a practical dream. Boa when it comes to females in wisions imploriu' of you-' He was checked by Stone gripping of his arm, and at the same mo'mens Mr. Fortescue came out of the cqbin. It was natural that the crew of the Golden Hope sboeld find matter for talk in what OCptain Weeks had told them. Certainly the caurate' dream did not correspond with Johnny's notion of their being bound out to an island to bring home a ghost; bhut it 'ur nished the voyage with a motive that made it seem a queer and ancommon thing in the thoughts of the simple, ignorant fellowrs: and Mr Fortescue was promptly transformed into a mysterious person to their fancy, who had visions and was to a certain extent pon seesed, and was consequently to be treated with respect and plitenea, because it was certain he could rexercisepeculiar powers, and was therefore a man not to be offended or annoyed on any account whatever. This was specially old Breeches's notion, and therest of the men took it op readily. For several days there was nothing much talked about in the forecastle but Mr For tescu's dream, and every man had something to esay about it in the shape of stories he hal once beard; in fact. they ended in frightening one another with yarns about apparltiono, corpse-candles, figures of drowned seamen risinr in dead calm weather at midnight t, read abinva names, then shaking their beads with gcstures of rievnlls disapyointment aon sinking 0min: cven Johnny had his yarn to add, whilst Breeches, the cook, Goldsmith, and Jim Kiti related a score among them, till the night watches became decidedly un comfortable, and the skipper or Stone would wonder to see the fellows hanging about in counples. But br degrees the snperslitiious feelings among them wore themselves out; the men would notice that the curate was all kinad ness and gentleness in his way to them, that be had always a pleasant greeting for every man who came past him, and a frientdly word for the helmeman, whoever hemight be; he'd reed from the Church Service to them on Sandays an" add a few words by way of a seemon, Long ere this they had found nout that they were a good and willing crew, the captain at smart hand, and Stone a genial old seaman it was a pleasure to wortk under; so after they had 'yarned' one another into so annioos and nervous condition, tbhey 'n rtred to' and talked themselves out of it, all .greing--even the cook-that they had P .hltsd 4y ?pudal aresagesat wmlith s author. inever been in a more cumoirnanle little cratt, a nor engaged in a pleasanter voyage, dream or a. no dream. , Indeed, Johnny's csrrying his blundering tl tale forward proved as fortunate an occur.- I rence as could have been wished ; for first, it ' converted the curate into a very ianpre-eive h personage, not so much to be greatly likel as a to be extremely respected : next it raised a ai curio ity among the crew as to the issue of it the voyage, and this put a spirit of unanimity tc Into them ; then a certain kind of sympathy a was begotten for Mr. Forteecue, after re- sl peated decusions in ard on the forecastle, a for it was plain he was always sad and grevy el ing oeoretly; his farlaway look would be lt noticed, the very smile te woold give was as g: buhot a light opon his face to exhibit how much of sorrow was theor, and when the crew took n this and combined it with their belief that he s8 could see visions, and that he had been si spoken to by heaven in his dreams, and that a what he was seeking was a sweetheart who d had revealed her existence to him and shown o him the island she was upon, and which a William Stone knew all about, they felt a rt sort of importance, asn of men engaged in al something solemn and wonderful, snpenror to ol any kind of j ab seafaring men had ever been it aseed to deal with. ei But it took them from forty degrees north tl latitude to the doldroma to arrive al tinble state of mind. t As to Forteecue he had no idea that the q confession he had made to the captain and i mate was known forward. He certainly tl observed the askant glances the men would Ii throw at him, the wide berth they sooght toa give him when their duty cnrried them toand from where he was sittil. or standing: then, n It-r on, he'd notice the more g?nial mannier, I the quicker, the less apprehensive rerogni' loo to of hin gentle gre?a lg; Dut he was too aneent- r minded to attach the significance indicationi* i of the kind would win from a suspicious or c ?khrp observer; he knew just enough about e sailors to imagine be could not err to atta. b huting any oddities of behaviour to their n haibits and principle, unotil the merging of t' the cee'e feelings into a general sympatbetic v willingness and contentment left him nothing: b to ob.erve, even if he ever had eyes for marked conduct among them. The dars slipped by, and the voyage to the n Inaooln Ooean promised to b lperfectly event- n le--. They carried a ewingirg north-weeter t throouh the Hore latitude, and picking up n the north- east trade wind, after a couple of h dope of lightl hli nrig airs, in twenty- eight de- ti green north, swept down the Atlantic with the thunlder of the breeze, that blew a fresh ti nale at times in their reefed mainesat, till they found themselves one day creeping and t crawling over a bras-y, burmabed, glaring d epace of equatorial sea, eagerly catching every faint breatning of air aloft, or watching with b eyes that heemed entranced by the breathlees d deep for thedimmestnarnish of draught faint t ing ns it came ont of the pale azure ruled by It toe water-line. This was a trying time for a Fort-gcne. The spell of stagnation might a have been endurable to him the other side of t, Africa; but here was the a hooner swinging d helplees near to the parallel on which the b island lay, but with a vast continent between, n which had to be measured, and themighty e ocean off Agalhus entered before he should I he able to verify Stone's solemn afflirma tion. Both the captain and the mate mnet have long ago guensed that the equatorial belt e would be the place to tax tab patience of the d man whose mind seemed easy only when the h Golden Hope was flashing through the seas, t bringing the island closer by every daring and r graceful leap abe took from emerald I nollows to snowy heiants ; and until the breeze came that blew them clear of the d eqnator they were constantly apologising for f the weather. e ' Heres' April the 5th, Mr. Forteecme,' Hiram said, ' and to hers from latitude forty c degrees north has been such ailiorng as no 1 man with a conscience in him could fall foul of. allow that the rur trom the Thames has been longer than I bargained for; beut what are ye e in' to do when its nothen but a thickness anti ratchin' r . And thenold Stones would ea: t 'Well this here stillnesa, slr, ain't cheer. ful,certainly; but I've alwarys looked upon t this part of the ocean as a sort of halting place for ship. It's the signo' Neptune, and here veesels which have been bard drove, whether coming from the north or from the south are alad to rest, as the Golden Hope is, to recruit their health, and dry themselves, I and sprawl a bit in the san, lhke hens which yel'l ee get upon a sand.heap and watlow tilt they make a bole, when they cocks a leg and wing out, the wery picture of hesaines, to t sny war of thinkm' But depend upon it,t sir, th' bIops'It make up for this s?Ill of sltrin' down If the soun-est trades te still a-hlo eta', wait till the aohooner carchee 'em fair on the port bow, and then yell .see how far off she'll allow the Cape to remain in a few days. ie happened to make thin remark to For tescue to the prgsence of Hiram, who ex claimed : ' What d'ye mean, Bill, by saying IF the sonth-esas trader be atilt a-blowin' y What's to prwent'erm r ' ell. I dauno. rm sure,' answered Stone; but to t.ll you the truth, skipper, so many changes have taken place since I last went to sea ao a boy, that it's a sort o' defjin'of Providence not to put Ir before notions which was formerly certainties.' ' Bat ono wouldn't say IF the sun should rise tormorrow morning. till, as though you wan't csre ' exclaimed Hiram, who partly from love or argument and partly from the desire to amuse Mr. Fortencue, would often engage his mate in discusolons of this kind. SWhy, perhaps not,' answered Stone, ''cause if the sun didn't mean to nle to morrow morning, we should be froze todeath afore we could speculate on his itention. But it's another matter with winds, which if ther be governed by lawn, don't seem to understand 'em When I was loat gorn to sea, the north-east trade always blowed more no'therly than it do now, and the south-east trade more heasrerly. Things are halterin'. I don't see how they can help it. Take this here globe Astronomers say it's gamlin' in mrater. Consequently it must be growing higger. Very well Now, take the sun. A.tronomers seay it's slowly consuoming of it selt up; I think chat is ikely, for certainly in England it ain't so hot in summer as it used to be. Now, it's plain to me, if the earth's eronin' heavier, and the sune gettia' smaller, our horbit's a chengiu', which m?st likewise alter the winds In fact, my notion is, Mr Forteecue, that in the course of ages, this here glone'i l run short o' water and be dri?l np and become like the moon. Who knoxs that there ain't a.tronomere in some of the planets watching as through telescopes as we watches them, and calculantn' from records their anceetors kept, that if this here globe keeps all on as it is, in so many mil lions of years it'll he hlke the moon, without a wisible tarn, nothen hat face, and that all froze Op o which Hiram replied :' Why, that may be, for whos goin' to guess what'll hapoen millions of years hence, and indeed, Mr. For tescue, who wants t know ? If there isn't to be no trade winds in them times you'll find o'herlaws hoperratin' which '11 narser jestas well. I'm non a man to be interested only in the years I may live in. I'm willineg to feel consarned in what mar happen down to such time as a man's great grand-children are old men and women, bout arter that things mast bscome troubles to them as ai't now born tnor they to be dreamt of for a long spell. D'ye see, sir! No use talking with Stone hereof millions of years. If the south. elao trades last my time I shball be estihfied, for there's no chance of my poung 'ons takin to seafartn', for the best of all reasons-I ain't got any.' CAirncR XXI.--A BBItF HALT. If there was litils enonah to interest P~r. rescuea in such conversation an this there should have been plenty to amouse him in the faces of the men--S:one earnest and sympsa thetic, ch:etly to be remembered by his book. like fnreotinger, with whichhe seemed to score his bseervatioas upon the air, and his ragged f eatuees ; liram, jaunty, with a certailn cocksareness about him, and a launch irke a nigrh, ard acarrie like the roourn of a suck. Ten calm Instod thre drr dorl.? wihirh, nomehow, the schooner rnaated to sneak over torty mie aul Oeir. ii is tri, eri i nen noninpoles noe and then from a dranght of air, and IIisam woald call the legrojran's atfention to the hraa wire-like ripples breaking from the chtwitnr whre the sea resembled quickailver, pohshed and stainless wi'h the image of the sun plain in its heart. hlke the nucleus of a com-t. the tail whereof was the laminary's harrpin w.ke--s though it eas impossible for the schomner to steand still, even when the light eCnvan of the ]Ittle topgallant sten' sant hung mot'onlesn bietween every looe drawn, gautle, gradual heaves of the swell moving in eluggish folde from east to west Such plozress as wan rmade wan indeed i'-n the imperceptihli paseags af the Ancient Mariner's ship that d was propellel by the atmosphere ahead and the closing of it nehind. Bo w-by dor'e uthat shIe t at, STh* tr is rt sav.y , oure, SAnd clucr rom behlI, d At leat yon'd have thought so had you come r., on deck one morning ua the o~ate did, aed saretra tei tloaering gleam of anl.r11ggergo ship's canvas away about two points on lbe.s starboard bow, and found that at aunset. though ehe was heading southwards, the -chooner had sneaked her far abaft the beam. This wea the odder for the fact that for an hour after the cook had have some of his wa.b overboard, you would see it close' antern, perhaps with the grease of it widen. ing out into an iridescent patch, asif it meant to remain there all day. But the fruiter was a wonerfol sailor; in such weather as this she was like a bottertly, all wins ; and not a breath could come bardy with weight enough to give a plumoelihe curl to the thread of smoke going straight up out of the galley chimney, but ehe feltit. it was terribly hot in the cabin ; the ordl nary seaman kept the quarter-deck wet with swabbing. but the moisture broke away in steam. and the pitch in 'he -eams was as soft as warm cobbler's wax. Forte-cue lived on deck, and would stay far into the night, but only to reappear pale and unrefreshed, from a short spell of sleep in his bed below. The-' repose it the mighry ocean was wonderful. almost terrible to him in those hushed and stagnant days. When there was a stillness tn thie rehooer ee would sit listening to the silence betwixt heaven and water with his thoughts fall of Agatha. lSE was the prin ciple that centered all he neowed, all he thought of, till his visionary character, bir quality of mystici.m. found her ideal com mingling in the radiant hlueness of the dayo the sparkling darkness of the night ; for his love and grief ard hope made her the soul of all that his eyes rested on. and he beheld her' evtrywhre. The rongh ret ailor forward ' would notice the rapt gaze he'd no .pn tar' liquid lifhet.lu Ihu that defined the juno tnon of the sky and the ocean, and knowing' the corate's story, guessed he ras fancying' he saw the esland with his loved one upon it. Once old Stone watched with awe the" emnglar expression in Forteacoe's dark beautiful yearning eyes upturned tO a soft mother-o'.pearllike cloud that had arisen in the east and floated radiant to where the verge of the hot white sunshine melted into? blue, where it dissolved: and a little later on, speaking of this to Captain Weeks, he said : H fliram, d'ye know what fancy he put into me with that fixed stare of his! Well; num, may laugh, hbut I tell yer, he made me think' that cloud which had come out of the eat might have the reflection of the Island and his girl upon it, and he was looking to see if' the representation was there.' Poor Stone ! Hiram Dam laugh, but never. therees the old sailor was near the truth, for' sympathy will tive the plainest, most nolet" tered mind, the right kind of instincts for' divinations. But the impatience excited in the cmrate by this interval of calm could not check the" deep and melancholy, and even superstitionur' thought. Night time would give fancy its' keenest edge, when with murmuring canvas the schooner lay swaring on trhe cradhlng swell under the velvet black dome that glit-. tered wmth stars, and that was clouded withr diamond-dust, and that was radiant witb. meteoric shootings, the bland beauty of moon-like planete, and of orbs which the eres of Foiteseue had never before beheld.' Then it was, when the silence of he dusk bad entered into a deep peace into the oeass hash, when no voice sounded forward, no footfall aft, when all lights were hidden or extinguintshed save the binnacle lamp that dimly gilded the statuesque figure of the helmsman, when the motionless form of Cap tain Weeks or the mate leaning against toe rail was distinguishable only by the stars his' figure blotted out, when the rustling of the canvas on high, and the light pattering of dew discharged from gaff, yard, and boom, from reef'pointa and bolt-ropes and whatever else the midnight-hidden swell could shake, sounded hke the murmur of wind. the falling of raindrops among arees; then it was than Fortesace's imagination would take wing snt0 pluck from the seen and the nnseen soce fancies that if the rough and homely sailore forward had gathered their nature, their sympathy might have been changed again Into fear, and one might have heard of some thing like a mutiny founded on the time honoared tradition of Jack's dislike of sailing with a parson aboard. But you must not go to the forecastle 'for interpretation of mniegeg fall of poetry and mysticism, and tearful with the inspirations. of a heart yearning for one deeply loved If the cdergymat' gRas sought out any brhirt: particular star itswas but to wonder whether mn eaye was oUn lttoo; but then, you know. thoughts of her apturned olounleses f??. would visit him, and he would see her, ill the phantom grew into a reality as sabstan tial at least as that which crossed the vislom of Hamlet when 'his mother stared to right and left in search of what the prince beheld. Nor was i, wonderful in a mind constitused as Fortescne's wa, that one effect of lit startling and wonderful dream should be to Impress him with-the fancy that interoourse could be held between him and his distant one by sympathy. Io'Jae eEyres the heroisn hears the voice of the man ese f?oes calling her, though he is leagues away. In real life. the existence of spiriteal bonds which. further distance could not break nor attenuate into irresponsiveneess has ben proved bbr marvellons correspondence of action, of desire, of feeling;. and since this sense of sympathetic or spiritual union between Fot tescue and Agathab would inevitably be heightened to an extraordinary degree by the vieioo that had brourht her in her agony face to face with him It his sleep, there was nothin singular-- however it might have struck Hiram or William Breechee-in the yooun clergyman's fancies during these stiP. tropical nighte, when he would look upas the heavens and believe that tbe same yellow star be gazed at was- watched also by his lowa with thouahsb of him as has were thoughts of her; that the deep eoul'posken prayer be would put up for her and for himself to Go0 mwa re-echoed by her in the darkn?es, miler away down yonder in the gleaming eat, through operation of some such amaaing. mysterious sympathy, as has made voices beyond the grave audible to living, loving ears There would be a mystery, too, inthe slent ocean night that tinctured his emotionalism with a darker shade of imagination, r (To En soaununD ) 