SYDNEY FIFTY YEATIS AGO. By Rolf Buhmiuwnon. Soon after we wen; to live at Enmore, when I may have been nine or 10 years old, my first pony was presented to me— a tiny Timor mare, called Little Bet — Dick Webb, the horse- dealer and livery -si able keeper, being the intermediary agent. Cargoes of these nr.ail J'.astvrn horse?, degenerated in size only from scant iccalug and crowded pastures, were then impurted irum the island of Timor and Lom- bok. Disrespectful remarks have been uiado touching the quality or these cany Australian ; hackneys. They were accused of spoi.ing the Lreed of our ho.\\-vs. Spoiling, for.-outfi ! Nothing better ever trod on turf than these miniature Barb, for such tney un- J uoubteuly were. C.e m-iegg-d, lotig-p.iv.ernc-d, \ brigi.l-uy ed, kan-neaded, mustiv with well- j place 1 shoulders and well-neut Hocks, gene- I rally with pluck enough fur a truop of 1 hur.-o — whore could one get a better cros than niww »uuu<:iuu utile i.its nuu auu feet ot iron, and though ranging only from 10 to 12 ban da higu, able to carry a heavy man a long day's journey ? The Shetland pony, grand little chap as he may be, is a uegeueraie carthorse, nothing mure : ne cau trot, waik and carry a burly gamekeeper up a steep hillside, but he has uu pace, hi breeding is not pure enough. The Timor pouics, ou the contrary, with light weights could make very fair racing time, w-.-re higa-couraged aud untiring when iu condition and bequeathed to their offspring the fire and speed of the eastern horse with a quality of legs and leet truly difficult to liud nowadays. .My little mare was a trotter, a jumper, a clover all-round hack. A colt of my next Timor mare I used to ride when i was a man grown and 12:. iu weight, the which impost he could carry like a bird and even bolt with occasionally. More than one fashionably -bred racehorse of the preent day has the blood of a Timor an cestor iu hi vein, and, though th-j fact is not obtrudeut, doubtless owes some of his staying 1 power aud undeniable legs and feet to that iu- tusion. You might see whole cargoes of them ; brought through the street of Sydney by the sailors, the manner lining thus — half-a-do/en tied nee!: to neck with stroug short ropes, a haiter was attached to the one on die left side of the string, the which a couple of stalwart sailors tugged manfully, another encouraging the line from the roar. They were mostly half-covered with hieroglyphics iu the shape of brands. Trices ranged from To to T2u, according to quality. The son of well- to-do people in general were to be seen mounted upon ihotu. When carol ully groomed and well fed they were as showy and last linckueyd a a light weight would desire. Wuilc dwoihug ou these incidents of early days the hour ami limits or school next deserve notice. At the .Sydney College we were expected to be all ready at U o'clock, in the morning. At midday a recess for an hour was permitted. In the interval the boarders had dinner ; the day scholars liaviug disposed of their luncheon hurriedly went tu for as much play as the time would admit. From 1 o'clock till 'A p.m. was occupied by afternoun school, and the day schoiar departed then whithersoever they listed. The boarders dispersed to play cricket, went for a wa.k, or into town — alter applying tor leave in the two ia'.ter cases. Ou Saturday we wanted Loin !' to 12, wneu the hail-holiday set iu. There wa.- no wuoiu holiday in my day. And three morning hoars, mu.tiphed by the we.-k in a year, .should account for a great mua-ure of work. After the country had become fairly pro3- perou aud it was seen that teiis of thousauus of men eou.d find worn aud ruum tor their energy in ihe rich virgin waste of tue inferior, immigration was encouraged by the Govern ment of the day. A bounty was paid to each emigrant or to lh» agent who recommended, persuaded and in a manner compelled ifiui to eumeto the far unknown laud. It was amusiug, strange even then, to find a Ha whieu iioai ih- it they hal a vested interest in the coiony — which disapproved strongly of unrestricted emigration. Bitteriv they com plained thai other persons should come out at the expense of the .State to compete, as they alleged, with them and lower vne price of labor. 44 It was the convicts' colony," averted the demagogues who formulated this view. 44 Free men had no right to come here subsidised aud helped by the Government." Kuuiorc being nearly three miles from the Sydney College was rather far for a daily walk, but with the aid of a urive now aud then (of course there were no omnibuses) I managed it pretty weil at first. The only house for u long t.aie at ail near to us was tenanted bv Mr.-. Kiskine. with whose son I used to beguiie the Udium of tue road. Uuce we asked a wool-carter for a lift, and he not acceding we pe.ted him with clones, of the which he com plained, and wy suffered in person accordingly, i'uen an a .venture bvlTll tiic which led to grief and anxituy. it might well have been serious- I had started ou the home track one afternoon when one ui the tropicai storm-showers, not unknown to tiff day, commenced to fail. It came down a n io reue.u rue deluge, au inch of lain appa/vn'.iv fading every 1U minute. The j low iau<is near liie ilaymarket were Hooded . in no time. I was drenched. Stream and totT'MKS coursed do u every channel. Drains were all burst. Thiugs looked dark for a long waik with creeks to cross. Ju.t at this juncture a tidy-looking old woman (she sold mux; lio-p'.tubiy invited me to enter her dwellimr. J dsn so and round myself in a neat and meanly cottage. Tug ram not abating she invited me to stay for tea, ex hibiting most excellent bread and butter, of which I gladly partook. Finally, discovering that 1 had o far to go and the waters being atill 4 out/' she prevailed upon me, nothing loth, to remain ail night. I found among others on a shelf a hook of Scottish legend-, which I finished before bed time, being much excited by one in which Cairn of that ilk meeting his hereditary enemy, Beiideurg, in a narrow, .semi- aerial thorough fare, pitches him over the precipice by way of asserting his rigui of way. Retiring to a snug bedroom I slept soundly afterwaids, which was more, I fear me, than any one did at Eumore that night. For my father, unluckily as it turned out, was in town and had called at the school tu take me out. He was told that I had left shortly before to waik home. Driving rapidly, being eager to overtake me, he reached homo only to find that I had not turned up. Alter an anxious interval, during which fear ob truded themselves that I had fallen into a creek or waterbcio and so got drowned, he rode back into town, searching vainly of course for my extremely naughty self, then calmly reading by the light of a tallow eatul p. m aged hostess meanwhile kuitting. When he again viited the college on the off chance of my having con clude I to return, and was told to the contrary, he almost gave me up for lost. Mr. Cape, how ever, stated his sellef that R. B., though of tender years, was a boy exceptionally capiMe of taking care of himself, and probably might be found even now in a place of safety. Thi. however, was accepted by my anxious parent merely as an amiable attempt at con solation, whereupon ho rude home again through the mud and miie in despairing mood. A resile?, early ri-er by habit, he was in the saddle before dawn, with view to having all the dips and hollow searched, when he happened to pass ruy old woman's cottage. I recognised ; the horse first (Australian fashion), my stem ! governor and the groom next. I called out. I He turned and sa.v me. Anger w-mJd have j have been natural and d-'erved. But h" wa too overjoyed at my return from the dead, as he doubtles considered it. "God forgive you, my boy, for what.you have caused us to suffer," was all he said. I. rode home behind the PTOom aud v. i received I need not say with what transport of delight. Ah! me: how ungrateful are we all for the care and tender ness lavished upon us in iufancy and child hood ! " All's well that end well" is a comforting and satisfactory proverb. The good old dame wa3 duly thanked and rewardel. Matters soon returned to their ol-l footing. But oue mis chance, directly proceeding from the demorali sation of tiie household on that night, was of a serious and melancholy nature. Our inesti mable AMerue/ com4 took a ivuituge of the open door of tii fo - L ion! to ussiniilate half a bale of lucerne hay ; then, 44 acting with no j more judgment than to take a driiiK," dud 1 from exce-sive inflation. Au irreparable lo?s. j and one remembered against me ut intervals | long afterward. ( Promoted to the Timor mare Beiuna, 1 u.sed to make pretty good time down. Brickfield-hill and so round Black Wattle -Swamp and Mr. Shepherd's garden. She was a good trotter, and, I have heard, a performer iu that liuc — | fast, extra, or only moderate, but always a trotter from that time to thi. a trotter is generally a good animal otherwise. 1 have seen few exceptions. Mr. A. B. Sparko, a mercantile magnate of the day, was our neighbor at Cook's River. I was sent with a letter early one spring morniug t to Tempe. There I found the good old gentle- ! man in his trar leu. " Can you oat strawberries my boy ?" wa his prompt inquiry. It is un- ! necessary to repeat m; auwt-r. " Then set to ; and we'll havu breakfast afterwards. " That is < the way to talk to a hoy ! I could have died j for him ; I repect hi- memory now. At break- ' fast he told me that the pretty wnitc- columned house had been buiit ou the model of a Greek j temple in the .'aic of Temp Hence its clas sical name. The fresh egg., bud by pure Spanish bens, were the largest I had ever seen. I \> hen he showed me some lop-eared rahmts : i after breakfast and promLod me a pair, my ! heart was almost too f nil. 1 roue back the , I happiest boy iu the land and never forgot tue j | old gentleman's atna/.iug kin.inecs. ! It may be that kindly m- uiorr eliding the j ' darker shadows of the |»at, presents the coiouiai period which I am recailiug, from 1 BIJO ' to ls-ld, as almost Arcauian iu peaceful simpli- : city, in steadfast industry, in freedom from 1 atrocious crime, compate I with modem develop j meats. And yet New South Wales was then, I to all iutents and purpose, a convict colony, i Shipload of prisoners arrived from time to | time. Expires from Tasmania, no doubt, made j their way to a land where wages were com- ! paratively high and where ntfw country offered j an unlimited refuge from official inspection, i Whether the old-fashioned irou rule, strict, j vigilant, unrclaxing, was bettor suited to the j natural mau, free or bound, than the present j mercy- mongeriug mauagemeut may partly be judged by icsulto. The " bush " — a vast and trackless wilder- | ncss — was gradually being occupied and re- | claimed by that srrauge lover of: tho waste place of the earth — the wilful, wicked, wan dering Anglo-Saxon. Tragedies from time to time doubties occurred. Buhrauger were not unknown ; but what were they to the Kelly, the Hall and Gilberts, the Clarkes aud Morgan V Aboriginal blacks were shot occasionally ; more than one cruel murder was brought home to the perpetrator., for which they justly atoned with their live. At the same time one lonely hilt-keeper or shepherd was oiiou luunu prone aim muiiouiess, spe.weu or clubbed, as the case might he ; many a stock rider's horse cainc home without him. Yet, in a general way, life and property were far more secure under the slightly modified martial law of the period than they have been kuown to be uuder a constitu tional government and qussi democratic rule. When it is considered that for halt a century the worst criminals of the old country, as well a the more ordinary rogues, had been sent to Australia, it says much either for the manage ment or for the material that so orderly and improvable a society was evolved. If there were occasional crimes of deepest dye, who could wonder ? The wonder was that they were so few iu comparison to the popu lation. Captain Knatei.buli, ex-post captain ILX., knueks out the brain of a poor washer woman for the sake of T stoning, ending on the gallows a life of curiously varied villainy, which had included poisoning, mutiny and betrayal of comrade. There was the memorable Fisher's Ghost tragedy, in which a supernatural agent wa alleged to have caused the discovery of a deed of blood. There were crimes, doubtless, that cried aloud to heaven for vengeance, biit which never will be fully known till the Great Day. But discovery, arraignment and justice followed close on the heels of wrong-doer. Iu a general way — I assert it unhesitatingly — Sydney was as quiet, a peaceful and orderly in appearance as any town in Britain ; save in the purlieus of that halt-recognised Alsatia— -The Rocks — more decent, sober and outwardly well-behaved than George-street aud Pitt- street in 1»S7. It may truly be suggested that one of the great dangers of modern civilisation— certainly of Australian national life — would appear to be the crowding of an unreasonable proportion of the inhabitant into the cities and larger towns. An increasingly dangeron® clasi 13 there eucouraged to grow and multiply, averse to the honest and well-paid toil of the couutry, preferring to it a precarious employment in a city, with the accompauimeut of the basest pleasures there procurable: clamoring at every interval of employment, subsisting but for jxtiufit i et like the profligate populace of old Kuuk\ tiit; pandering b» which eventually sapped the granueur and glory of the Mistress of the World. Absit Omen! At the corner of Elizabeth and King 9treets might have been seen a provisional luck- up, used for the temporary detention of criminals about to be tried at the ad- joiuiug court. A rndeiy- hewn pillar of sand stone bai been deposited there, and served a a seat for wayfarer or persons more immediately concerned. But we schoolboys were chiefly interested in the stock, the old- fahioued detainer in which druuken and dis orderly persons were securely placed for such periods— a portion of a day— as the magistrates might consider expedient. In such fashion was Hudibras fa>t imprisoned when the lady and her steward, coming by, gazed on him bowed to the earth with shame. In this ancient engine of distraint upon the Unman property, in de fault of others, did the ixmicontenis of the day sit stolid and defiant, upon a more or less un comfortable neat, " fast hound in misery und irou." One doubt whether it would not be more effectual now ihau the short sentence served in a comfortable, secluded establishment, which the modern offender boasts bo cau do 14 ou bis head." During the whole period of the time embraced in my reminiscences, I cannot recall a week while we lived in Sydney or near to it, ttiac the Domain and Botanical Gardens were not a joy, a solace, a luxury to us and to all the society with which we were acquainted. What a priceless boon was bestowed upon the inhabitant of Sydney. | i nen ana tor au tune by tue dedication of thia | lovely natural park to the public f What J walks — what drives — what merry bath- ! ing parties— what lingering in summer I eves— what early morning saunters have | not thi precious primeval fragment, thi I art-adorned, yet beauteous wilderness, wit nessed .' The pleasure then enjoyed by the toil- worn citizen, the stranger, or the invalid wa more exquisite and intense from au «assurned | freedom from that modern pe3t, the .larrikin. | All who were met with in the gardens were | courteous aud well-mauueied persons for the : most part, for whomsoever conducted tbem- j selves otherwise, there was a short shrift, and ; if nut a ready gallows — au effectual and de- 1 terreut punishment. i The early formation of William-Street, now | : the great arterial highway to Woolloomooloo, I Darlinghurst, uad the aristocratic suburbs was 1 ' then progressing, la it straight course it j ! 'curved away a few acres of the Iiosebank j j suburban property, then owned by Mr. Quaidley. i Ou the small triangular portion bo excised were i | three white cedar, the tuo.-t graceful of our iu ! j digenous trees. Xo douut the proprietor was j i compensated for the severance and resumption t ! though not at the prices ruling in favor of | ; latter day claimants. ' What fortunes might have been made by jndi- ! eious, or even injudicious purchasers of subur- : ban land in those hays. Xo one foresaw that any j notable rie in value could take place in less | than a century or two. That land purchased by j the acre would sell in the life of the buyer by the foot, never entered iuto the mind of man. I Wharve, street frontages, building sites, allot- I uients all p.iMcd under the hammer of the ste rly-goiug auctioneer of the dav at fabu lously low prices. Who was to foresee that ! coal, gold, silver, iron, lead, tin were all to I make their appearauee in peaceful, pastoral | New South Wales and her erstwhile appanage j Port Hbiifip, otherwise Victoria ! j The great public schools of that day were ! our college, the Kiug's Hcnool at Parrarnatta» and thy Normal Institution orgauHed and in a ! win nor »upcrintynil>;d by Dr. Lang — that I eminent colotdMng clergyman. The Reverend I Rob-rt Forrest w»< tin? principal of the Kini:' 1 .Sehoub He w:ii u:ui"rto"d to have been a ! very i-fict di- ei.dinaiian, and indeed he needed j to be. We u' the Sydney College thought our- eive- -uperior m scholarship; but doubtless ' good work was done thou as now at the Parra raatta school. Mr. Curmichael — Scottish, of course, j presided at the Normal Institution, which \vx situated on the northern side of the Ilaceconre?| or Ilyde Par'.:, as it is at present called. W»i were near enough to play cricket together sometime, ana also to fiirht, indeed : as occa sion of strife will ar>e ainung schoolboy. Roland Cameron, a h?»y by nuiure warlike in all the eariier stage oi fire, ha i then hi col brated combat, having challenged an oldster o? the Normal and a lu ad taller ti.a:i hanseil. lie didn't come off victorious ; but ho walked forth with an apparently calni oonv>ou-;u\s that no couldn't ire ready eo - u-;— i which T have rarely peon paraT-ied among later and more, tragic experiences. 