B?V ITIES. The ship Aunahnuace is to come on bohere shortly from MDolbournoe. The steamer Nemesis is due here from Mel. bourne this morning. The steamerEasby barrived at IMelbourne yester day morning from this port. ihe steamer Buninyong, from Melbourne, vie Sydney, is due here this mornimg. Thie ship Gryfe is now alongside the cargo wharf dischalrging cargo from London. The schooner Aratapu arrived hero yesterday mnorning frosi Townsatlle, in ballast. She loads for Auckland. The barele Ksst arrived there yesterday after noon from Sydney, in tow of the Duloseulled, and anchored in the stroeam. Tie barque IKntish Lass is now due here from ellingtoi, as .is also the Candidate from Port Clt?lmrs, Annie low from scktnampton, Mate Tattham from Nasier, lo esilworth frout risbane, Lookout from sIercury Day, and Saliaury from Melbouorne. Tite schooier Parnell, which arrived at Aeckland on the 2th sultiuso, had a most tempesttuos voyage scross from Newcastle. Two of her boats were smasheel, all the lining in front of the poop latd the guad boards rossld the irail were wvshed awany- by hIe.vy seas which roke on board, and several sails wore lost. The schooner Sea Bird als alld very rough woathor. Thie ship Port Jackson, wihich leaves [elbtonrue for India at ass early date, takes over l00 horses for the Eastern marlet. T so shipmestincltdes about as dozen thorousghreds lately purchased bly Mr. P. Woekes, amossg wvhom are Golden Gate, by Grand PFlatsutt-llerlsena (full brother to Prlisco, the .Sydney Cup winuer), who has been purchlased for. Lord Bsresfored I;einkman, iasil, Starlight, The Ghost, Patience, and a Pisoator filly. They are a well- bred lot, and should distinguish themselves on the Itdlian turf. The ff1loseiag telegram was received at the local telegraph office yesterday from thle manager of the U.A.S.N. Comspasny in Sydney:-" Mnelbourno ad vises as followse: Wilson's Promontory reports that thle City of. ?Ielbosnre steamer, snder all sail, evi dently disabled, now (9.15 a.t.) making for Pro montory. Apparently ensign twitlh union doswn at ,nainsmast hbad.'" Lastep on anothor message was received:" City of Mrelbotrno passed inwards at l1. 4as.m.; signalled All rght. " Manager, WVG son's Promontory. eo loave teecottently made allusion in these ..s solinns to the wonderfslly smart dispatch given io vessels in this part, which has shosn beyond a douhs thie great facilities wse Iave at our comntsnd for loading coal. MIessrs. Huddart, Purter, and Co.'s steamelship Tindus, Caeptoin Thorpe, arrived sero satsll early hlour ons Saturday msorninsg from DILlbourite, sas berthed at the hydsasslie crase, aad set 5 astn. loading operations wvers commenced, and the vessel completed talisng it cargo it 11.30 p.m. the same night, ansd left tor3Islbouruelalt an houer later, bavitg taken under hatcels 2320 totns of coal, or 318 wacggons, in the short space of 18 hours, the timsthe vessel nas ilt port being 1S hours. Thie beats all previous records, asd is indleed creditable to thle stevedlores, agents, and others, who carried ost tile weorl writh sucht rapidity. The coal was lslaged ou beard the vessel at the rate of over 132 tesos per hlour. 