A REMARKABLE CASE. Under the above heading, the Doncaster Report.tr of July 6th, 1SS7, publishes the following iu its editorial columns— Our readers may recall the circumstances of a young clerk, named Arthur Eichold, falling insensible ou the Wbeatley Lane in this town some time ago, aud being picked up, as he continued perfectly helpless, and taken in a cab by two gentlemen to the office of F.W. Fisher, Esq., the solicitor who employed him. On restoring him to consciousness it was ascertained that he was afflicted with what seemed to be an incurable disease. When he was alile to speak he said he had been to his dinner and was on his way back to his work, when suddenly bis head was in a whirl and he fell in the street like a man who is knocked down. On coming to his senses in the solicitor's office he thought what this might mean, and feared he was going to have a fit of illness, which we all know is a very dreadful thing for a poor man with a family to care for. With this in his mind he at once sought the best medical advice, telling the doctors how he had been attacked. They questioned him, and found that his present malady was exhaustion of the nervous system resulting from general debility, indigestion, and dyspepsia of a chronic nature. This in turn had been caused by confinement to his desk and grief at the loss of dear friends by death. The coming on of this strange disease, as described by Mr. Richold, must be of interest both to the sick and well. He had noticed for several years previously, in fact, that his eyes and face began to have a yellow look ; there was a sticky and unpleasant slime on the gums and teeth in the morning ; the tongue coated ; and the bowels so bound and costive that it induced that most painful and troublesome ailment—the piles. He says there was some pain in the sides and back and a sense of fulness on the right side, as though the liver were enlarging, which proved to be the terrible fact. The secretions from the kidneys would be scanty and high-coloured, with a kind of gritty or sandy deposit after standing. These things had troubled Mr. Richold for a long time, and after his fall in the street he clearly pereeived that the fit of giddiness was nothing more than ; a sign of the steady and deadly advance of the complaint, which began in indigestion and dyspepsia. His story of how he went from one physician to another in search of a cure, that his, wife and little ones might not come to want is very pathetic and touching. Finally he became too ill to keep his situation and had to give it up. This was a sad calamity. He was appalled to think how he should be able to live, But God raised up friends who helped to keep the wolf from the door. He then went to the seaside at Waltonon the Naze, but neither the change, nor the physicians who treated him there, did any good. All being without avail he visited London, with a vague hope that some advantage might happen to him in the metropolis. This was in October, 1885. How wonderful, indeed, are the ways of Providence, which dashes down our highest hopes and then helps us when we least expect it. While in London he stated his condition to a friend, who strongly advised him to try a medicine which he called Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, saying it was genuine and honest, and often cured when everything else had failed. He bought a bottle of a chemist in Pimlico, and began using it according to the directions. He did this without faith or hope, and the public may, therefore, judge of his surprise and pleasure when after taking a few doses he felt great relief. He could eat better ; his food distressed him less; the symptoms we have named abated ; the dark spots which had floated before his eyes like smuts of soot, grdually disappeared, and his strength increased. Before this time his knees would knock together whenever he tried to walk. So encouraged was he now that he kept on using Mother SeigeVs Curative Syrup until it ended in completely curing him. In speaking of his wonderful recovery Mr. Richold says it made him think of poor Robinsou Crusoe, and his deliverance from captivity on his island in the sea ; and added, " But for Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup the grass would now be growing over my grave." Our readers can rest assured of the strict truth of all the statements in this most remarkable case, as Mr. Richold (now resididg at Walton-on-the-Naze) belongs to one of the oldest and most respected families in the beautiful village of Long Melford, Sulfolk, and his personal character is attested by so high an authority as the Rev. Ci J. Martyn, rector of that parish, besides other excellent names. We have deemed the case of such importance to the public as to justify us in giving this short account of it in our columns. " All seem to love you," said a lady to a child. " Why should they not ? " she smilingly made reply, " since I love all." Never did philosophy, searching for gems of 'wisdom deep ensoiled, strike on a truth more radiant or pur*. THE CONGREGATIONAL JUBILEE. (Continued from Paqe S.J THE COMMUNION" SERVICE. The extseme simplicity of Congregational worship and the opportunity which it affords for the free play of the spirit of the worshiper was manifested on Tuesday evening last. There were present some hundreds of communicants, including a large number of ministers and delegates from the other colonics. On the platform was a small table covered with a white cloth on which were placed several silver flagons of wine, eight or ten silver chalices, and as many silver salvers, containing bread cut into tiny cubes. At this table Dr. Dale was seated, wearing a black tie, and with no other sigu of clericalism about him save that his clothes were black: his appearance is that of a literary man or a teacher, rather than a cleric. This, indeed, is what Dr. Dale really is, a christian teacher, and he declines to use the title of reverend. On his right and left were a number of the deacons of the Congregational eh'irches in their ordinary business dress, whti subsequently assisted in the distribution of the. oread and wine.' The service opened with a hymn. "All hail iiio |.«,wir of Jes.is' name,'' after which the Rev. Joseph Walker, of Ipswich, Queensland, gave a brief and earnest address. It was nut read, but had evidently been premeditated. He said there was something unique in the service which they were holdin:; that niiihl. Other conferences iiad receiitiy been held I he city, bat none of thorn had been opened in this way- They were held for scientific and other useful objects, and had no doubt done good. Thjy met that night, however, at >'eleemed men and women, and it. was fitting that one of their first acts shonid ijv' to bow iu the presence «' Christ, and acknowledge him as Lord and King. This service was intended to remind them of the supreme importance of the atonement of the l,onl Jesus Christ, The sermons of .Sunday ia-4 had proved that as a denomination tney did not hold with a relaxing grip-this ceutral doctrine of the christian faith. The service was also an evidence of the -up rnat .ral mig.ii i,f Christianity ; only on the si: I'po^i' inn that there were real f-icts I mil in Tif could they u::<".t;at for thi-i >jr linauco. He prayed that they rniiilit 7\a!:,-..' ill- presence of idiri-t that "night. A ter another hymn, " Thu.i (>'ud al t l^ve,' : Dr. Dale gave 'hanks for the bread iu a simple and appropriate prayer, ill*.'bur leu of which w:i-s thankfulness, thaukfulii"$s that Christ had died, that he had ri-'eu again, that he was present, that thr.mgh Him there was no limit to the possibilities of h iliness .and joy to the belif-ver. ;ter i lie iaind hid b-eii passed round, thanks were given fm the wine which was also distributed by the deacon-. It was intoxicating wine, fur though some Otiigrejiaiioiiiil Clnirc'jes u»e nnfeniinited wine. Stow Church has uot yet attained to that pertectiuu. Alter tile wine. Dr. Uile ^rave a brief address, lie said they should come to Christ's table to rejoice in Jli.ssalvatiou and in His presence. Sjlf examination used to be much insistel upon by good men before participating in iu this service. He did not say this was inappropriate, but they were there mainiy to rejoice iu sins forgiven ; to think rather or Christ than of themselves. In other services the movement was i'rom mau to fiod. iu this it was from Christ to us. It was the liucharist, a thanksgiving service, a time, uot so much for preaching and prayer, as for singing aud and joy. In sitting down at the Lord's table, we could reflect that we were sitting where the apostles, aud martyrs, and saints had sat. and that Christ was as near to us as ever He was to Paul aud Peter and John : that his power was unspent, aud that he was just as able to give to us as to them the power to achieve a triumphant righteousness. Another element of rejoicing at such a season, was that we were surrounded by a crowd of other saved men and women. There was, too, iu the service, a prophecy of perfection, aud of heights .of lofty aud never cea.-ing attainment to which it was pos-ibie lor the believer to rise through Christ. Another hum was miiig : a collection was made which was devote I to the puor ot the city, and after the benediction the congregation wispersed, feeling that it had been good to be there. THE JUI1ILEK REPORT. On Wednesday morning a i-rca^.a.-t u;m Town Hall IJaiiqueting Koom. .i:i, r v. id formal meeting or the eoii.eivih-i- \>.-i- h •• F. C. McMichiel. the Secretary of ihr-.J-..;! -.:. i-.i i in the iii*t e 1. e v. i! tl ,]„. ! j to i report of the Committee. If hi-inry <>: movement from its inception at. f.iawler .our \<a:s to the present time, and stated tli.it the pro uNe late amounted H.i.00, and the amounts uciiiuiiy paid to £S.000. The greater part of the MINI actuali'v paid had been devoted to the reluction of (lie lieiiis upon the Churches. After tin; n;;iort had l>een read uud adopted, papers illustrative of ihe part taken jregationalists in the struggle lo" religions lio.. Con the colonies were read liv Dr. Jciferis, the liev, .1. .J. Halley, and F. W. Cox. At one o'clock the con.' e.'ence adjourned till the following day. THE PUBLIC WELCOME MEETIXQ. A Welcome tea and public meeting were held in the ening. The tea was served in the Banquet Hall aud Refreshment lloom, aud the tables were continually tilled from 5.30. to 7 o'clock. The tables were gay with flowers, and the ladies from the various churches were most attentive to all their guests. Messrs. Bricknell Bros., the Caterers, provided first-class eatables, as well as a very good cup of tea. Soon after seven o'clock the Town Hall was crowded with an eager and enthusiastic audience while the choir gallery was filled with about 15(J members of the Jubilee Choir under the leadership of Mr. C. J. Stevens, who during the evening sang the Hallelujah Chorus and several hjmns iu a manner that gave promise of great excellence in the approaching Cantata. The ~Itev. W. R. Fletcher, the President of the Jubilee Committee, took the chair. He said Lhey were there with their friends from the other colonies to give a hearty welcome, to their brethren, Dr. Dale and Mr. A. Spicer, who had come to them from over the sea. Dr. Jefferis. iu ihe name of the colony of New South Wales and in the me of the. New .South Wales churches, welcomed Dr. Dale and Mr. Spicer. He spoke warmly of-the service which Dr. D.ile ha I renib ivd to Christian thought, and said he hoped his visit would lie Hie means of teaching the churches how to draw closer to each other. Dr. Bevau, on behalf of the Victorian churches heartily welcomed Dr. Dale and Mr. Spicer. It was a g^od Land to which they had come, a climate in which the people as well as the products of the earth seemed to thrive. There was no need to fear that the Anglo- Saxon, race would degenerate' in Australia, either physically or intellectually. They were there as Congregationalists and in these free and democracommunities a free and democratic form of faith like Congregationalism ought to thrive. The very freedom of Congregationalism' however was attended with danger, and only as the churches were careful to maintain their spiritual life could they hold their ground and prosper. Mr. Alfred Spicer was the first to respond. He said he was fhankful for the hearty welcome he had received in Adelaide. He was pleased to be there and take part in their Jubilee. He remembered that Thos. Quinton Stow came from Halstead. in Essex. He, Mr. Spicer, also came from Essex. He knew Halstead well, aud was familar with the interior of 89 out of the 90 Congregatioual Churchs of Essex. He had come to Australia because he had been invited, aud he had the honour to represent the Congregational Union of England and Wales. He stated his reasons for being a congregationalist, and closed with an appeal to the Churches of Australia to do more to assist the London Missionary Society. Dr. Dale was received with cheers, paid a compliment to the energy with which Mr. Searle had persisted iu urging him to come to Australia. He at first did not think it possible, but when he placed the matter before his deacons, they thought that the interests of Carr's Lane ought to give way to the larger interests of the Colonial Churches, and so he had come. He paid a liigh tribute to the work of Mr. Spicer, to vvhose energy, sagacity, and liberality, the establishment of a Congregational college at Oxford was largely due. Dr. Dale then went on in a most able and earnest address to urge upon the audience the principle* wherein lay the true strength of any Christian society. He said the strength of a denomination did uot lie iu its church buildings or congregations in the learning and eloquence of its ministers, or iu the wealth an I social influence of its people. It lay iu the spiritual development and growth of its members. How did a test of this kind apply to the Congregational churches of Australia ? Was their individual piety deepening ? Were they as thoughtful as their fathers were ? Did they desire pastors who would lead them onward in the path which led to God 1 Was their moral standard becoming higher ? Had their churches been becoming more like the household of God ? Was Christ more to them thau to their fathers Was their vision of His glory grander 1 was God more to them thau he once was / Did they believe in the Holy Ghost 1 Did they realize that an Omnipresent Spirit was more precious to the churches than a local Christ ? Unless they were thus growing, unless the spiritual life of the people was thus deepening, they were achieving no success. Dr. Dale concluded an earnest and powerful address amidst prolonged cheering, anil the meeting dispersed. 