The Foundling's Bride. CSA.PTEB XXV ?— ('Continued.) I * Heaven records all deeds, whether of I good or evil,' she mentally said; * and as I surely as it rewards the good, so surely it I punishes the evil. Mt pnnishrnent for the I eyil of iny life has already begun — the worm I that dieth not is already gnawing at my I heart — and may (God only knows !) gnaw I on for ever But every sin atoned for, I heaven forerives ?. and one sin. if no other. shall be atoned for this day — the sin of doing ?this deep and atrocious wrong to one who never injured me. I will visit him, take this poor girl to him, and tell him more than I may dare to tell— enough, at least to put him on his guard against the machinations of those I must not name.' But the good intentions o£ Julie De Launay were destined to be thwarted ; for as she and Nina proceeded quietly along together, avoiding the larger thoroughfares, they came to a narrow lane or alley, that wound ~in and out amongst some old, dilapidated, iqnaintly-shadow building — with their steep roofs, dormer windows, over hanging gables, and many narrow, crooked, intricate passages — and here, without the least intimation of her design, if design indeed she had, Nina sprang suddenly from the sijle of her companion, bounded swiftly down.:the lane and in among these buildings, and was out of sight ere the astonished Julie fairly comprehended that she was making her escape, Thp first impulse of the latter was to follow and try to overtake the poor girl ; but a -moment's reflection convinced her of the -fblly of sach an attempt; for besides the probability that she would not find and save Tier — or, if otherwise, that the de mented girl would bring about a most un pleasant scene, to be witnessed by a motley crowd of both sexes — she did not care to risk tierself in such a wretched quarter in her pressnt male disguise ; and so, after waiting some quarter of an hour, in the vain hope that Nina might possibly return, she set off reluctantly towards a main thorough fare, and, hailing a passing carriage, was driven rapidly to a small street in the rear of Madame Gazanti's residence, which she immediately after entered through the garden by a private gate and door, gaining her own apartment without disturbing any of the still sleeping household. Throwing herself upon her couch, face downward, Julie remained for Half an hour, breathing heavily, and occasionally uttering a half-smothered groan or broken ejacula tion'- Ta°.n she arose, with an expression of determination, and proceeded to remove her cLisguise, and array herself in her own mornyog habiliments — taking as much pains withier toilet as if she expected to receive a distinguished visitor. By this time some of the servants had begun to be astir ; and ringing for her waiting-maid, she ordered her breakfast to be brought to her room. ' J^arie,' she said, ' until three o'clock this afternoon I will see no person what ever,- not even my aunt — so please bear this in mind, and take care I am not disturbed. TelKBartol to go for a notary, and have him 'ra waiting at three o'clock precisely. That .'.is all, Marie — no reply.' The waiting-maid courtesied and with drew;-*-?and Julie, seating herself at her escritoire, busied herself in looking over and --arranging Bome papers till breakfast was .served ; after which she sat down and begafepio -write. Jj'ixmi 'this time till two o'clock, she scarcely stirred from her seat ; and during this time she wrote, several ' letters, which she sealed and superscribed, and one paper which she folded and sealed differently fronr~the others, bnt left without super scripjBoii. When all was done she drew a lonj^'.-d^ep sigh ; and leaning forward upon her Writing desk, she remained for half an hour':with her face. buried in her hands. Their ;:she started up somewhat suddenly, glarfbed at her pale features in the mirror, arranged her hair with her own hands, smoothed down her dress, and assumed one of her most sweet and charming smiles. ' They will see the outward form, and never dream of the woe within! 'she sighed, as for two or three minntes she practiced before the glass. * Ah, this world ! this v.orid ! what a living lie it is !' She turned and rang for her waiting maid. ' Has the notary arrived, Marie ?' she inquii*ed, as her servant answered her call. ' Not yet, mademoiselle — it is not yet three-' ' He will be here at the hour ?' ' So he promised Bartol, mademoiselle.' ' Let him be shown up into the library. Where is Madame Garanti ?' ' Monsieur the Count of Meillan called and tooli: raadame out in his carriage.' * Gone out !' said Julie, in a tone in dicating some annoyance at the fact. ' But no matter/ she added, as if to herself ; * no matter- ; -it is perhaps as well. How many EerTsaaits are there now in the house, Marie j' 'fiM3y-~ 'three, mademoiselle, including m?iMfr™;/;;. l£f$iii7j6v. all write your names legibly ?' '^jthinli so, mademoiselle.' '^Ehere must, at least, be three others,' said Julie, thinking aloud. She turned to her escritoire, and wrote a few lines hastily ; then folded, sealed, and superscribed the billet, and handed it to the waitingmaid.' ' J&iye; this to BartoL' she said, ' and let hirfff-'take it to its address, and bring me back-'-an- answer as quick as possible Ha ! therifis a knock already . See if it is the notgjtya ' .Marie. If so, tell him that I will be gsdjb-h'him presently. M&rie; ..hastened from the room ; but re turj£88wi*!r;7» minute, to say it was not the iiOt%^yi:.^bntA Signor Bonelli, who was in qwSliagf or ' !Mademoiselle Jnlie herself. ? jt^Bhej-nanie of the Italian awakened some verjs^ainful emotions in the breast of Julie — jSr'ishe had overheard what Charny tad sai-f -*?*;hiin io Mouchy — and therefore knew tha^jBoth'were leagued together against the artist, -and were concealing their knowledge of -each other from her, who might be a mere' tool in the hands of both to work out theTr^o.wn: selfish designs — she not being av/arej of ' icojarse, that the Italian was ignorant o£ the fact of. Her having any knowledge of Charny. ^.tCeil ^imtl ^atn engaged,' she said, turn ing, *5lig&ly; ^iaie and compressing her lips * JM}sfta,j-MapG,f she immediately addedji * o#&§ectAflp£ thought, I will, see him — for I iakS^^pitatea yet to spare/ §t^fwe^f§3wn almost immediately, and I pefifea^lhe Italian with what seemed a gay. I joy&uB;&male-.; .:; I f7^p6i 'toy word, jfclademoiflello Jnlie I is f6dKrigr:Tnost charming to-day I' said Bonelli, as he took her land, and carried it to his lips. ' Do you think bo ?' returned Julie,-.-with a laugh. * lndeed,madem.oiselle, you outshine your self ; and that is really saying you have not a lival.in the worJd/ ' Indeed, then, I think I muat look be witching, to draw such compliments from the marble Antonio J' replied Julie, with a glance in the mirror, a toss of her head, and a ringing laugh. ' Marble !' exclaimed Ronelli, * call me not marble, fair Julie, if you would not have me at your feet, pouring out my soul in the most passionate and devoted love that ever man of my sunny clime swore to beautiful woman of yours.' ' And can you really make love, my poor Antonio ?' said Julie, with a quizzical smile. ' Can I ?' said the other, with a deep flush and a meaning look. ?' Will you permit me to try ?' * Oh, no — I hate experiments of that kind, unless the actor is perfect in his part !' laughed Julie. ' You should have a re hearsal first. Practice for a couple of days before your looking-glass, and then I will see about it,' ' Ah, Julie, it needs no rehearsal for such love as my heart holds for you !' said the other, with a deep sigh and a serious air ' Does it not, indeed ? poor fellow !' returned Julie, with mock seriousness. * All, Julie — dear, dearest Julie — I do love you with my whole heart and soul — devotedly, madly 1' cried Antonio, with a sudden burst of passion, at the same time seizing her hand and i dropping upon hie knees before her. His dark, soft, bright eyes shot gleams there was no mistaking, and his whole face was radiant with one burning glow * Hey-day ! what is all this ?' said Julie, completely taken by surprise, and really ljoking more astonished than her words ex pressed. ' Ma foi 1 I think you have already been practising to some purpose !' she added, with a rallying laugh. * Hock me not, Julie !' rejoined Antonio, throwing all the passion of his fiery nature into language that seemed to come burning from his very soul, ' I am playing no part now i. It is true — it is real ! As true as heaven — as real as existence ! I do love and have loved ycu long — from the day we first met — and oh ! so wildly ! so madly ! — and yet have buried the secret of my heart, lest you might frown me from your glorious presence, and thus render me the most wretched being that moves upon the face of the earth ! Oh, dearest girl ! by all my hopes — ' ' There, I think that will do !' interrupted Julie, coldly, with a freezing smile. * Ton certainly do very well for a new beginner ; and with the ordinary run of grisettes, I think you would get along remarkably welL Arise, Signer Itonelli ! I am expecting com pany every minute ; and if anyone should see you on your knees, they might mistake your intention. For instance, they might think you were saying your prayers ; and that, you know, would be a very serious mistake to be made of a man who never prayed in his life By-the-bye, how comes on our young artist ? Any further progress in that affair we have on hand ?' . It is impossible for us to do justice to the mingled expression of surprise, wonder, mortification, chagrin and embarrassment, which played upon the pale, quivering features of the Italian, as he fixed his dark, fascinating eyes upon the face of Julie while she was speak ing the words that completely concealed the doom of his hopes in that quarter. It was the first time in his life that he had made a signal failure in an affair of love ; and a first great failure of this kind, after a long period of continued success, is well calculated to astonish any man whose vanity is quite equal to his ability. During the whole time that Julie was speaking he sat aghast — amazed — confounded— trying to rally his almost shattered faculties, and laugh the whole matter off as a jest ; in which attempt he finally suc ceeded, and the more easily that about one-half of his burning and consuming pas sion was feigned, and the other half com pounded of his natural admiration of a young and beautiful woman and his very ardent desire to become the possessor of what little money ghe mightehance to have. Had he known that that little was half a million of francs — and known this from the first — he would have risked at least one such declaration every day from that time to this By all of which it may be inferred that, whatever other death Siguor Sonelli might die, it was not likely to be that of a broken heart. * So you think this will do, eh ?' he said gathering himself upon his feet, and affect ing to laugh heartily fit the joke. 'Well, I do not know of a better judge — nor one who has had more experience Xou ask about the artist !' he pursued, turning away and wiping the perspiration from his features ; ' but matters there I believe re main in status quo. In fact you know, Mademoiselle Julie, that all did depend on you in that quarter ; and I was here last night to confer with you on the subject, and you were away ? but to-day I hardly know whether it is best to go forward with our design or not.' 'Have you then contrived something better ?' inquired Julie ' Oh, no ; bnt the principal in the affair has been taken suddenly and dangerously ill ; and it has now; become a question — which the physicians are yet unable to decide — whether he will live or die Why, Julie, you are ill yourself — you are as pale as death,' said Honelll, in alarm, as the other sank back trembling in her chair and fairly gasped for breath. ' ' Merely a passing faintness,' said Julie, ronBing herself by a great effort of her will, ' Be not alarmed. You were paying some thing about the principal in the affair being dangerously ill ?' 'Yes, he was seized early this morning with a brain fever, and has been in raving delirium ever since— at least so I was told by one of his servants when I called io see him an hour or 'two ago,* * Any cause assigned for the attack ?' in quired Julie, almost choking with her smothered emotions * JSTo cause, so far as I could learn.* ' By the bye, Antonio, you have never told me the name of this gentleman? ' ]Nor can I now, Mademoiselle 'Julie, for my honor is pledged to conceal it.s ' Is your henor then jmeh a sacred thing?' * I so consider ifc,' returned Antonio, with a grave and dignified bow, * I am certainly pleased to know it. But tell me this-^if your honor will permit you, Imean,doIknowthegentlenia]n.per«iOiiB.u.y?- 'Not that I am aware of * ^Mademoiselle Julie — though I think it is rather difficult for me to tell whom you know and whom yon do not.' At this moment Bartol entered the apartment. * They will be here presently, Mademoiselle/ he said, with a respectful bow. ' Tery well — conduct them,^each and all, to the library,' said Julie. There came a loud knock at the door even as she spoke. Bartol hurried out ; and Julie, after a short, serious pause, turned suddenly to Antonio, and said, with a laugh that con cealed her feelings : ' Will you step [into the'-library and be one of the witnesses to a mystic mil ?' * Certainly — whose is it ?' * Mine !* returned the other, with a smile. c Yours. Julie ?' __ ' Why not ? I am rich, of age, and may die at any moment — therefore I make my will.' * You are very young, at least, to think of dying,' said Antonio, with a look of surprise. * Monsieur the notary !' said Bartol, re opening the door, ' Have you shown him into the library ?' * Yes, mademoiselle.' ' Come !' said Julie to the Italian. She arose, took his arm, and the two left the drawing-room together. Crossing the hall, they entered a large, old-fashioned apartment, filled with books arranged in cases, and with several chairs standing care lessly about, and a table in the centre, with loose papers and writing materials upon it. In a few minutes the persons Julie had sent for appeared, and, together -with the servants, the notary, and herself, made up the number of nine. Julie explained to all, with a light and laughing air, that the whim had seized her to make a secret or mystic will, and that all was present to attest and render it valid. She then handed a sealed document to the notary, who went through the legal form of inquiring if it was her last will and testament, written and signed by herself ; and on receiving an affirmative response, he wrote a line or two on the back of the document, signed it himself, and requested each of the others, including the fair testatrix, to affix his or her signature thereto. This done, he returned the deed to its fair owner received his fee, and de parted — the whole affair occupying but a very few minutes. Half an hour later, Julie de Launay, white as a ghost, was pacing np and down her own private apart ment, wringing her hands in anguish. c 111 with brain fever !' she muttered * In raving delirium ! Ah \ the retribu tion of heaven ? But I will go to him ! I will nurse him tenderly. If the Lord re moves him, well. If not — ' She did not finish the sentence, but turned, with a wild burst of emotion, and threw herself upon her couch, where she lay moaning, groaning and sobbing for several minutes. Then, starting up suddenly, she began with trembling hands to prepare her self for going out. Half -an-hpur later still, Julie de Launay was on her way to the hotel of Louis Charny. Why had she made, in such nervous haste, what in France is termed a mystic will ? (to be continued.) 