IS THE NOVELIST. f'i %! A True Ghost Story. UTI .TilTlJ, s!o\t ||J It was guest night at the mess of the p|| X8th Dragoon guards. The regiment had fci been stationed for the last two years at ,k A Meerut. To- night, besides sever.il flivi- I tlbsf iana' tIle officera ot tie 2lBt Regimont a"- were the guests' of the Dragoons. The barracks, were fine, large buildings, built in Eastern style, and the spacious mess and ante-room3 were not behind the other portions of tho barracks in general ap- Eearance. Moss was over now, and they ad all adjourned to the ante-room and were divided into various groups — some smoking, some card-playing — all enjoy ing themselves. Presently the conversa tion turned on ghosts and ghost stories. Host of the officers present expressed their uttor disbelief in anything of the kind. "Catch me believing in such traBh," exclaimed Lieutenant Cheekington, a bright, blue-eyed lad of twenty, who was in the 21st, " there aren't such things as ghosts, they're always somebody dressed up in a sheet — some mischievous fellow bent on playing pranks. What do you Bay, Major 1 ' he continued addressing a tall, fair, handsome man, Bertram Leicester, the senior Major of the 18th Dragoons, "you haven't spoken yet. Come give us your opinion on the subject." " Well," the Major answered slowly, ' 1 there may or may not bo such things as ghosts. I cannot say ; but certainly I have seen what appeared to me and all who saw the apparition to be something supernatural." "Tell us about it, do," chorussed all the fellows near; "you don't mean to say. that you have seen a real live ghost "Silence, gentlemen?" exclaimed O'Sullivan, an Irish subaltern of the Dragoons; "Major Leicester will now give us a real ghost story which actually happen-. -1." ''I haven't t ,'d I would," answ: t1 the Major; "but if yt i fellows wc.-'d really like to hear it, I'll tell you about what I saw. I am especially reminded of it to-night, as it is this night threo years since it occurred," continued Leicester In a grave voice, vory unlike his usual cheery tone. " Poor Jack," ho sighed, and his deep bluo oyes filled with tears. By this time some thirty fellows had gathered round Leicester, anxious to hear his Btory. "This time three years ago," began the Major, " I was quartered at Calcutta with mjrold Regiment, the 10th Dragoon Guards. At the time of which I speak, we had Deen in -India for over ten years, and our turn of service was nearly over. I was the junior Major of tho Dragoons then. You know I only exchanged into this regiment three years ago. Happy as I am, and we all are, I must say I never met a kinder, bettor-hearted set of fellov/a than those of my old regiment. It's natural that I should have ' some affection for a regiment in which I Bpent , over fifteen years of my life. You know the reasons which led to my exchanging. , I had lost all my relatives since I had beeD in India, I had no tie whatever to induce me to return to England, tho Indian life Buited me, and, finally, the fact of my old school-fellow, Barriugton, being in the 18th was a groat inducement to me to join. There was one man in the 10th, named Jack Macgregor, the greatest friend I ever had. Wo wont by the names of 'Saul and Jonathan' in the regiment, and, indeed, tho fellows used laughingly to say that there was no chance of either of U3 marrying whilo we , both remained so devoted to one an other. " We joined tho same day, and we had been before at Eton and Sandhurst together, so ours was a loitering friend ship. But he wa3 not only my friend, but that of every fellow in tho regiment, from the colonel down to the smallest drummer-boy. Tali, handsome, well- made, with his bright, blue eyes, goldeu hair, and frank, open expression, lie was the very beau ideal of an -English officer and a gentleman. Gifted far above the jteflftverage by nature, he was, indeed, the jHfarling of the mess, and the idol of the g. regiment. The men perfectly adored him and would do anything for their favourite ' capting.' "But it was not only his great per sonal gifts and accomplishments that won him a liking. A more generous, kind- hearted follow never breathed. Every one came to him in their trouble, no matter whether it was the youngest sub, whose love of practical joking had led too far, or Trooper Tommy Atkins's wife, in distress about her husband's drinking propensities, for she knew that if only ' the Capting ' would say a kind, firm word to her husband, there might be a chance of his reforming. " ' Macgregor would give away ' his head if he could,' said our colonel, one Jay, and I think he was not far , wrong. "I have told you this much about Jack that you might have some idea of what a favourite he was with us all, and how sorry we were when we heard that he was under orders to tako command of a detachment at a very small out-lying station many miles up country. Ho was to be away fop three months. I need not say how I nftlsed him, for this was my first experience of the regiment without him ; for since we had been in India we had been fortunate enough to get and spend our leave together. Indeed, every one remarked how dull it was without cheery, lively Jack. "At the time of which I speak he had been away on detachment duty for two months. This day, three years ago, I had had a long cheery letter from him, but he made no mention of hi3 work being over. It was a very wet afternoon, and having nothing much to do, I sat down and wrote a long letter to him, and then went out and posted it. " I remember the rain cleared off about six o'clock, and it turned out a lovely moon-light, starlit night. That evening we had no guests dining at tho mess, and, as it happened, not a fellow in the regiment, beside Jack, was absent from the table — even M'Neill, our senior major, a married man, who rarely dined with us, was present. " How vividly the scene all comos back co me now — the long, low, spacious mess- room with the windows thrown wide open, with the lace curtains blowing to and fro at every breath of wind — the sweet scent of the mignonette and rose3 in the window boxes, and beyond the clear cold light of the moon pouring down upon tie pretty garden outside, and lighting up to Bnowy whiteness the white jacket of the sent y keeping watch in the barrack- sqiare ! Inside, the pretty dinner- table with its sparkling glasses and silver, and the gorgeous Eastern fruits and flowers such as we never get in England. We dined at 7-30 p;m., and had been at the table some time when one of the captains remarked to me : " ' Bo you had a letter from Jack this morning, Leicester. Jolly lucky fellow you are, too, to have heard from him. You're the only man he has written to since he has been away. How is he? All serene, I hope ? ' "'Judging from his letter, I should say brimming over with his usual good health and spirits,' I answered, passing Jaok's epistle to Fortescue ; ' read it for yourself.' " We were discussing our dessert, the waiters had gone out of the room, and we were all talking about a ball we were go ing to the next night, in Calcutta, to be given by one of the native princes, when, to our surprise, Jack Macgregor, whom we had all believed to be a hundred miles away, entered the roo u through an opeu door. He looked rcYror pale, and one of two of us thought we saw a dark red patch on the left side of the grey suit he was wearing ; but beyond that hi looked the same cherry Jack as of old. Ashe entered the clock of the barrack square struck nine. He stood aud looked at us for a moment, and then passed slowly down the room. We thought ho was go ing to his usual seat. " ' Hallo, old follow, we are glad to have you back again, and no mistake,' shouted several of our fellows ; ' if only we bad known you were coming, the band should have played ' ' See the Conquering Hero comes.' " ' You sly dog dog,' exclaimed Fortes- cue, waving Jack's letter to mo aloft ; I have just been reading your letter. Fancy writing to Leicester, and never even hinting that you woro coming.' "'But, to our surprise, Macgregor walked on to the end of the room without taking any notice of our remarks, and then stood still and looked at us all for a moment. " ' Sit. down, old man, and make your self at home, once more. By J ove, it's quite refreshing to seo your cherry faco here again,' called out our jolly old Colonel, from the other end of the table, " But instead of answering he walked back to the door, stood in the doorway a moment, took a long, sorrowful gaze at us, and disappeared. Perhaps you will wonder why none of us got up to Bhake Jack by the hand, but, to tell the truth, we were ail so mystified by this unwonted conduct on his part that it never even struck us to touch liim in any way. " ' What on earth's come to Mac gregor?' we all exclaimed, 'coming back suddenly like this, and never saying a word about it — it is bo utterly unlike him.'- " ' He can't be well, Buroly,' added the Colonel, ' now I think of it he certainly looked rather pale. Ho doubt he's gone' to his quarters. Oblige me, will you, Leicester, by going to bis rooms, and say I should be glad to see him as soon as. convenient.' " So I. went to the officers' quarters, which were not above two minutes' walk from the mess room, wondering deepjy at my chum's strange behavioui-. The door of Macgregor's room was shut.. . I burst in, saying: " ' Well, old fellow, what are-you up to nowl' ' ' ' But to my surprise he was not in tho room, his servant was not to be seen— the room wda quite empty, as 1 could see by the brilliant moonlight, and just as he had left it two months ago. More puzzled than evil' I went back to tho mess-room. " ' Well, have you seen Macgregor, Leicester ? ' asked the Colonel, as I en tered. "'Ho, Colonel,' I answered, ' I have not, he ha3 evidently not been to I113 quarters, for I found them shut up as he loft them, and I cannot seo him any where.' " ' This i3 more and more extraordinary, and tho affair must be investigated at once,' said Colonel Browne ; ' there is evidently something wrong. I shall go out and see the sentry. He is sure to know if Macgregor has passed through the gates to- night.' "Aud so some twenty of us with the Colonel, trooped across the square to the entrance gate. "Sentry,1 said tho Colonel, 'did Cap tain Macgregor pass through the gates to night, ju3t before nine o'clock, or at any other time since you have been on guard ?' "'Ho, sir,' answered the man, salut ing, 'no. one has passed through to-night but Major Leicester, who passed out this evening at six o'clock, and throe or four troopors of B troop.' . " ' Well, anyhow, Captain Macgregor came into the mess room just now as the clock struck nine. Think, now, he must have passed through the gates.' " ' Ho, sir/ said the man firmly ; ' if I was a-dyin', and it was the last word I ever said, I'd say what I aez now, that Captain Macgregor's not been through to night.' " 'It's quite evident )he knows nothing about it,' the Colonel remarked aside to mo. 'I suppose you are quite sure that it was Major Leicester, and not Captain Macgregor who'went by.at six o'clock ?' " 'Ceitain, sir. Never more positive of anything in my life, sir." "'He's quite right, Colonel,' I said; ' I did pass by soon ofter six o'clock this evening. I went out to po3t the letter I had been writing to Macgregor.' ."-'Iam sure O'Keefe kuows nothing about this extraordinary affair,' romarked the Colonel, as we walked away. ' But I must examine the other sentries who have been on duty during the day.' " So the sentries were examined, ' but, like O'Keefe, could throw no light on the mystery, and ono and all were most em phatic in their denial as to having seen Macgregor. "We felt there was nothing to be done but to return to the mess-room and talk about it. "Meantime, while we had been quest ioning the sentries, the youngsters had explored all the quarters — both occupied and empty — thinking, although it was utterly unlike himj that he liad been playing a practical joke on us. But' it. wa3 of no avail, and no traces could be seen of liim. " ' Gentlemen,' said the Colonel, as the subs returned from their fruitless search, ' in all my fifty years' experience I have never known anything like this. It quite beats me that Macgregor, who wc all be lieved to be a hundred miles away, should have returned in this sudden manner, and behaved in such an extraordinary way.. Possibly we may have been the victims of a practical joke. Some ofiioer from another regiment may have got liimsulf up to look like Jack. Ho one in this regiment could have done it, as we were all present and all saw him. As someone may have played a practical joke upon us, I shall most certainly telegraph to Mac gregor in the morning.' "Hext morning, as he said, the Colonel telegraphed to Jack, inquiring if he was- still at Burrampore. " ' If he's affright he'll think it rather strange, no doubt, but I can easily ex plain,' said our chief, as we sat down to breakfast. .' At all events, it will be a relief to kiiow the meaning of last night's affair. ' " The words had hardly left his mouth, when a mess-waiter appeared bearing a telegram for Colonel" Browne. Reply prepaid. As the Colonel opened it, the clock struck nine. " ' Good God !' said the chief, a mo ment later, turning as white as a sheet, ' Macgregor was killed last night at nine o'clock.' And he road in a huaky voice : " Major Carrington, Burrampore, to Colonel Browne, Calcutta. Poor Jack Macgregor, of your regiment, was stabbed to death last night exactly at nine o'clock. No reason can be assigned for the atroc ious deed — the work of a native. What am I to do ? Wire reply at once." ' "'So this is the Borrowful explanation of last night's mystery,' I said. 'I am not a believer in the supernatural, but surely it must have been poor Jack's spirit that appeared to us.' " ' I think it must have been Leicester,' remarked our Colonel, gravely; and all the fellows were of the same opinion. . " Of one thing everyone was certain — that poor Macgregor had appeared to us at the very moment of his death — how, and why, was more than we could attempt to explain. You may say, perhaps, that it was an hallucination to which we were all subjected. I shall never forget, to my dying hour, the mournful day which followed the receipt of that awful tele gram. Hot a man but felt broken hearted, and some of our biggest and bravest troopers criad like children when they heard of the los3 of their favourite ' capting.' " That night the Colonel, myself, and two. others sot off with all possible speed to bring back the body of our dear friend and . comrade, Jack Macgregor. As we took a long last farewell of the face of our dear, dead friend, we noticed that there, on the broad, manly chest, Bure enough, wa3 the deadly wound on the left side, where we had noticed the dark, rod patch on his coat. The murderer, wretched man, shot himself two days after in a fit of repiorse for the awful deed that he had committed. " And so he passed away for ever from our midst, by the hand of a murderer, but the memory of brave Jack Macgregor will never be forgotten by those that knew him. My tale is finished, I have just given you a plain, unvarnished statement of fact, and I declare solemnly to you that I saw Jack Macgregor as plainly as I now see all you fellows in front of me." "Well, it's a queer story," was tho general opinion, and Lieutenant Chooking- ton even went as far as to romark that he felt quite creepy. 