Work and Wages. By TuBAii-OAiif. If tho abBenoo of tho usually largo number of I vagrants bronght up at tho City Polioo Court is any indication of tho improvomont of trade, then trade has very materially improved, fow coining within that term of tho statute having j been brought up during tho past wook. Things aro really hotter in and around town, and up north tilings aro as brisk as thoy can bo. Tho now contractor for tho second section of tho Cairns - Horborton railway will commenco work noxt week, which will givo a further impetus to labour of that soft. Tho Tailors' Union, at their annual mooting hold this week, severod thoir connection from tho Trades anel Labour Couucil. Tho reasons were very plain It had becomo a party political tiUkiug shop, and advocated a protective fiscal policy which was utterly useless to them as a xinion. Prossing tho tailors for their reasons why thoy woro so mi favourablo to protection, aomo of thorn frankly admitted that protection would causo factories to bo built and worked in tho town, mid tho tlops mado ut thoso factories woulel bo equally hurtful to them as tailors ns the slops imported. Indeed, as had happened in Viotoria, they would bo moro hui tful, ns they would bo a bettor class of slops, and would compote tho more unfairly ?with legitimate tailoring. Tiiero is ono phase of tho miners' striko which strikes mo that if tho strikers woro in thrs colony or within a colony where a Trades Union Act existed, it would bo construed into intimidation. I remember tho great striko of colliers m ..Ayrshire and Lanarkshire iu I8(i8, when Mr. Alexander M'Donald was thomoving spirit of unionism among tho minors, and somo euch ovort acts ns those elouo by tho Illnwarra miners nnd by their heroic women, resulted iu prosecution, and several of tho riugloaders woro imprisoned. I would not venture to suggest any such thing is possiblo amongst Australian tradesnnions ; but it was a notorious fact that that striko which ruined thousands of respectable families, mado M'Dounld and his confrcro Smith, wealthy men. Tho sinister and self-calculating reasons given from 'Sandy,' as he was familiarly 'culled by tho miners of Scotland, I will not repent, or oven suggest us possibly being a factor iu this strike, but it would bo as well to mako suro that tho mon aro not being made catspaws of. If tho Illawarra miners' strikoisjustifiabloor, ?whatis better, just, then I hope every trades unionist will assist (hem to resist the unjust claims of the em ployers, and I wish them ultimate success. But thoro is just a doubt ; and if tho various unions mado no further inquiries and knojv no lxoro about tho juslico or injustice of tho claims than tho Trado and Labour Council had before them when they adopted their resolution, then tho possible doubt still exists. Seo to it. The Auti- Cliineso League, as at present con stituted, is in a very weak condition, and likely soon to collapse through .utter inani tion. Tho exaggerated importance, which a hauiUul of nobodies have arrogated to them selves, and whoso brief authority hiis already displayed their utter incapacity to grapple with tho question, woidd be intensely funny were it not hurtful to tho causo they have no doubt at at heart. But whilo tho ghost of a longuo here is fancying itself tho Anti-Chinoso Laujuo of the colony, older anel bettor-organised leagues in tho northern towns ai'3 dealing with the evil in a practical manner. Whothor right or wrong, tho only thorough moans to gain their object is for tho league to got all trades unionists within its membership, to biud themselves not to havo any dealings whatever with the Chinese ; but then tlioy might as an association subject thomsolves to a prosecution by tho injured Chinese for ' tho persistent efforts of an organised poworful couiliuation to injure tho commercial status, and permanently lessen the incomo' of the various Chinese dealears affected. But there is no good in men professing strong anti Chiueeo prejudices while their families got thoir teas from Clung Wing Sung, their vegetables from Hip Go Kee, and thoir furni ture from Gcoi'go Shuo. The unhealthy influence of trades unions iu town crops up now and again. During the floods the wharf labourers were in great de mand to removo goods from stores on tho wharves which were floodeel^aud much as ;is. per hour was paid to tho mon for doing so. The conditions of work wero such as to make tho pay not excessive, men woro toiling up to tho waist in water, and hurried through the water at a great rate i to get quickly through fee work, but when on Sunday morning, a corfcain storekeeper in Queen street wanted his collar cleared of water, and ngreed with several of tho wharf labourers for 2s. an hour, which thoy accepted, but which they subsequently refused to work for, it is fetching fcho tiling too strong. There is a certain small cotorio of mon known to tho initiated as 'tho maritimo coun'jil,' who prido Uieuiselves in being tho nucleus of tho i'utiuo great power of federated and asso ciated tTades-unionism, and promiso to be the knights of labour organisation of Queensland. It may bo bo, but at present the only claim thoy have to so questionable a distinction is that thoy hold their meetings in secret ; and that nobody outside themselves know of their oxistonco, nnd knownothingabouttlieirdoings,and it is a ques tion if thoy know themselves. Tho fow wiso men who are, in effect, tho Queensland Maritime Council nro connected with tho Seamen's Union aud the Wharf Labourers' Union re spectively. . 