Obaftkb XXIII.—On tum Terrace. 11 It took Mil. Bad deli; « caniidirible 1 time to tnoaform heraelf bom Peg Woffing too to a lidy of iba period. The ooaoirt I «»■ over in Begent Teneoe when the (Uteri iriived. Pali! bad long and deputed, and a 4 ■beam of unart people were flowing out of the lofty hall on their way to dittoes ; bat the pleasantest feature ol Lady Glandoie'i partiu wa» the lampHt tenrace, where her ladyshlp’i goeete sauntered op or down, or »t aboot in friendly groups among grovel of palm# and pyramids of flowers, and lietened to a band stationed at the end of the terraoe. Whatever band wa# best and moit fashionable wee to be heard at Lady Glandore’a; and the ehenge from the bril liant rooms and operatio mode, the orowdj and the dazzle nf the honee, to thia coo* ; region of ptlma and • flower* and lampion* ; clustering among the greenery, and Japanese ombrtlla oanopiei, and Utile tables pro 1 tided with itrawberrin and cream, and | talk, and flirtatioo, and load drinks, and stirring national melodies, was a change j that delighted everybody. And there, aoroiB I the sfctdowy park, in somhro rclcmn j grandeur, showtd the dense balk of Abbey I and Senate Honee ; the plaee where the j dead, who seem bo great, are lying ; and the • place where the living, who teem so email, | are trying to talk themselves into fame and immortality. There were many people in London who preferred Lady Glsndore’s terrace to the smartest danee of the season, and who lingered and loitered there between lamp* light and chadow, strolling np and down, or leaning on the bainstrade, dreamily contem plative of that dark bnlk of towers and roofs, touched here and there with points of vivid ight. Mrs. Baddeley was neither dreamy nor contemplative, and the only ideas the Abbey or the Senate Honee awakened in her mind wore that death in any form, even when glorified in marble, wai an inevitable nuisance, and that politics were, perhaps, a still greater bore. She was ol toe earth, earthy, and always mads the most of the present moment. She speedily took pos etsalon of one ol the atrawberry and cream tables, and bad a cluster of admirers about her, whom she sent on erranda to the sapper 11 am going to frighten yen all by eating a moat prodigiona sapper,' tne cried. 1 Re member, I have been acting comedy and tragedy, laughing and crying, and loving and suffering, for these hoars, and have bad nothing bat one poor little epUt and a teatpoonfol of brandy. 1 am on the verge of exhaustion, so now feed me, good people. What, is that yon, Beeebing ?’ the cried, as a dark figure and an expanse of shirt-front rote np in the shadow of a neighbouring palm, like the ghost in the ' Oorsioan Brothers.1 11 did not think I should see yon here to-night. How did yon like my Peg r bha was lifting a ohampagne tumbler to her rosy lips as she spoke, and Beeching thought ebe was alluding to some particular order of drink, 1 How did yon like the plsy—and—my gowns!' she said, impatiently, ‘ I suppose it was all very floe, bat I ain't much ol a judge of anything bat a burlesque.’ ' Ob, but 1 hope I made yon cry,’ card j Mrs, Baddeley, attacking a platetnl of ' delicacies, which a practical admirer had colUcted tor her ; foiegras, chicken, lobster salad, all on the same plBte. ‘ It saves eo much time,’ he said, ‘ and you don’t seem to be eating so much,’ to which Leo laughingly agreed. ‘ When I have finished my sapper I mean to wallow in strawberries and cream for the reel of the evening,’ she said, with frank vulgarity ; ■ and you will all have to amuse me._ lam mnoh too exhausted to do any talking myrelf.' ' Then I'm afraid you must be at death’s door,’ retorted Beeching. ‘ Good gracious !' cried Leo, starting np suddenly and looking about her. ‘ Have you dropped anything!’ oried a chorus of admirers. ‘ l'our fan—your band* keronief!' ‘ No, it’a my risler. I’m chaperoning her, don't you know, poor young thing, and I haven’t eeen her since we left the cloak ‘ Oh, ehe’s quite safe,' said Beeching, in hia alow, anllen voice. ‘ I eaw her at the other end o! the terraoe—the dork end— looking at the view—with St. Anatell.’ * I'm afraid I ooght to go and look them np presently,’ said Mrs. Baddeley, pushing away her plate with a sigh of satisfaction ; and now, you dear, good Colonel, yon may go and get me some cream, and things, what ever looks nicest. Yon are such a good caterer. St. Austell is a dear fellow, but it's unlucky he has made himself Bcch a bad re putation.' ' I don't think he took muoh trouble about It,’ answered Beeching. • I fancy it came naturally.’ 1 Such a pity,’ sighed Leo. ' He is eo handsome—and distinguished—and olever— so altogether nice ’—as if the last word ex pressed copreme merit—‘ and yet people will talk about him, aod it's almost dangerous for a young married woman to be civil to * You are not afraid, tbo’,’ said Mr. Monntnessing, a man about town, who was very devoted to Mra. Baddeley, bnt who had never imperilled his peace of mind, or de pleted hia parse far any woman living. *Yi.u are uncommonly civil to him.’ ‘ Ob, I don’t count. I am a Bohemian of the Bohemians. I make no distinctions. I know so thoroughly well bow to take oare of myself,' said Lso, devouring an iced lovjlc. ‘Upon my word I believe yon do,’ eaid Mr. Beeching, to which the chorus agreed. * But my sister is yonnger than I am, and knows very little of the world, and ought to be looked after,’ aaid Leo, attacking a pine* apple oream. ‘Not nearly so good aa the souffle, Colonel; you should have brought me more of the souffle.’ ' And Mra. Belfield has not the advantage of a husband in India,’ said Colonel Cot terell. ’ No, Indeed, poor thing !' agreed Leo. ‘ A neglectful husband at home is not nearly so great a protection for a wife ae a dear kind fellow in India, toiling for one nnder a tropical sou.’ ' too touobiogeaid tbq-Qolonel. (to he toxmfm.) 