The Storyteller. Saved by their Freckles. My sister Kate aud I were very nearly of an age, but we were not alike In any way except tbat we were both tall, and both had — freckles ! Tbese troubled us, and many were tbe experiments we tried to remove, from our faoeB tbe objection able effects of tbe open-air life we led. I To one of these experiments we owed a | treat deal— perhaps life itself. Father was a farmer, and we lived nine miles from tbe country town. Of course we saw little company, and should have been somewhat lonely but fur our books and pets among tbe horses, calves, and poultry. Mother was a systematic and careful housekeeper, and so engrossed in her kitchen and dairy duties that she seldom made calls on her neighbours, and never went to town unless she was obliged to do so. She was, therefore, a little annoyed when father said at breakfast one morn ing that she mutt accompany him to W ? that day. Nevertheless, she got ready after a little demur, and took her seat in tbe dog-cart an hour later, with an air of resignation that made us all fimilA. ' We shall be home by six o'clock, girls,' she said, ' and you can bave sup per all ready. Don't set tbe bouse on fire, and be sure to skim tbe right milk.' We had the beds to make, the break fast dishes to wash, and tbe whole house to put iu order ; so we were as husy as bees until twelve o'clock, and had no time to think of being lonely. But we fonnd the afternoon quite long, and I was beginning to fee) tbat it would be plea sant to see mother's face again when a newspaper cauebt my eye that I had placed behind tbe clock on tbe kitcben mantel. This turned my thoughts into a different channel. ' Kate,' I said, 41 suppose we make some of that complexion compound we read about the other day? We shall never get a better opportunity. Mother may not be away again for weeks.' 'By all means,' said Kate. 'When I looked in the glass this morning, it seemed to me that my freckleB were thicker than ever.' ' My face is tbe colour of the gravel path, and I almost hate to look at it. If there is a remedy, I would give all my pocket-mony to ohtain it. Let's look over the prescription iu the paper. Here it is : — ' ' Ladies who are troubled with freckles will be glad to learn tbat a few applications of a mixture of glycerine, cascarilla powder, tar, lemon juice and olive oil will effectually remove them, and leave the sk in soft, smooth, and tinted like an infant's.' ' ' I'm willing to try it,' said Kate. 'But we haven't the ingredients !' 'Yes, we have,' I answered ; for, un known to her. I bad one day duriDg the Drevious week, w ben father had tsbpn me to town, obtained them from the druggist and the grocer. We were soon at tbe kitcben stove dili gently mixing and stirring tbe decoction, and it was a sorry-looking mess when at last we took it from the stove. We had, however, faith in its efficacy, and with great satisfaction we poured it into a large bottle which we hid behind tbe wardrobe in our room to await use at bed -time. While we were getting snpper we were startled by a terrific peal of thunder, the forerunner of one of the most violent storms that ever raged in our district. For two hours tbe rain poured in sheets, flooding the yard from tbe bouse to the stable, and turning the little brook by the barn into a roaring river. The clock struck nine. 'Don't you tbink we had better go to bed?' said Kate, folding. up her apron. 'I (Jo not tbink there is any use in our sitting up.' ' Mother will be dreadfully worried about as,' I said, as we went upstairs. ' There's nothing to be afraid of,' said Kate. ' I should not be frightened if tbey stayed away all night.' With much laughter we got out our big bottle of ' complexion varnish,' as Kate called it. Taking a piece of rag, we gave to our faces a thick coating, which re sembled nothing else I bad ever seen before or bave Been since. ' I suppose we shall have to sit up to let it dry in,' I said, as I contemplated .u luc ljura. 11 tvuu i uu iur ua to ruin the pillow-cases.' ' I'm too tired to sit up,' said Kate. ''Why can't we make cloth masks? 'Where's that old pique cloth you were cutting up yesterday ?' I produced it from the lower shelf of the wasbstand, and the masks were Boon inade. They were simply long pieces of white cloth reaching from the tops of our fore heads to the collars of our night-dresses, with small holes for tbe eyes and nostrils. We attached strings to them, and tied them on. ' We look just like ghosts,' said Kate, jUBt before she blew out the light and jumped into bed. We both soon fell asleep. It must have been near midnight when I wasawakened by a ooiBe in tbe dining-room, which was directly below the one we occupied. It sounded as if someone was moving about stealthily — or something, rather, for I decided at once tbat it was tbe dog. I waked Kate by giving her a vigorous punch in tbe back. ' Kate,' I said, ' we must have shut old Tige up in tbe dining-room. Very likely be bid in tbe cupboard when tbe : storm came on, and fell asleep there. We jaust go down and let bim out.' ' Haven't father and mother come?' asked Kate, sleepily. j. tninK not,' l answered ; ' inaven't heard tbem.' We did not stop lo put on our shoes or light a candle, but stole down just as we were, and entered the sitting-room, which communicated with tbe dining-room by a folding door. Advancing to this door, we pushed itopen.expectingto be greeted lby Tige's familiar whine. What was our surprise and horror to see the back of one man in the cupboard directly opposite us, and another busily engaged by tbe light of a lantern in preparing to take the silver and linen from the dining-table, in wbat seemed to be a stout canvas bag. Paralysed with fear, we stood in the doorway, not able to speak or stir, scarcely to breathe. The sound made by the opening of tbe door, however, caused tbe men at tbe table to look up. For one moment he gazed at ub with dropped jaw, and eyes almost starting irom their sockets, then, giving a yell wbit'b might have been heard half a mile off, be Jet fall tbe silver he waB holding, and with one bound was out of tbe open window. His companion, startled by bis outcry, rushed out .of tbe cupboard in alarm. Pen could not describe bis abject terror, as his eyes fell on lis, and bis yell as he sprung toward the window was even iloudw than that which bad been given lby hisisompanion. We could hear the sound of tbeir la boured breathing, as tbey both pushed away in the darkuess. For a moment ?* was at a loss to account for their strange terror ; but a glance at Kate made it clear. Tn our long white night-dresses and white maBks we certainly looked like veritable ghosts. Burglars are naturally . nervous, and these men, X am sure, sup posed we were unquiet spirits came from the graveyard not far away, to rebuke them for the crime in which they were engaged. We spent the rest of the night in a state of nervous terror, which made us heartily glad when at eight o'clock we heard the sound of wheels, and saw our parents drive up to the door. Owing to the washing away of a bridge, tbey bad been unable to get home the previous night, and had accepted the hospitality of a farmer living near W ? , who had provided them with supper and a bed. ' And we were in such a hurry to find out if you girls were all right that we came off before breakfast, ' said father, ' Did you miss us ? Were you fright ened ?' Then, with shuddering and tears, we told our story, and were alternately kissed and cried over by mother, who declared that never, never would she leave us alone again. As to that ' complexion varnish,' oue application showed no favourable results, and we never felt like trying it agaiD. 