THE BISHOP OF LONDON'S RECENT CHARGE. Dr. Temple has just delivered his first charge to the Clergy and Church officers in his densely peopled diocese. It is, as might be expected, au extremely interesting docu- ment. The subjects it touches on are varied, but almost all of great interest to English Churchmen at home and in the Colonies ; and it would be a very happy circumstance, if it secured in an unabridged form the atten- tive perusal of at least every educated Churchman. We can only direct the notice of »onie of those who have not met with it to two or three of the topics the Bishop of London treats of in his charge. After giving some statistical information respecting the Churches built, enlarged and restored in his diocese during the last two or three years ; the services, the attendance, the number of persons baptized and confirm- ed &o.;, &C.; ; it is gratifying to read the tes- timony of such an untiring worker, and of BO acute an observer as Dr. Temple, to the healthy condition of the English Church. "That real work is being done, and that the whole body of the -clergy are devoting themselves to their work, no one can now doubt. It is not a time when it can be said that the Bishop and clergy are not alive to the duties imposed on thom by their high office, and what shortcomings there are and 1 do not deny there are many-are due rather to the perplexities of the times than to ¡any lack of will." One of these perplexities arises from the Church of England having to work out an entirely " new problem." During the pre- sent century, for the first time in English history, has the population increased (and that especially in the larger towns) so rapid- ly as to outstrip all endeavours on the part of the Church adequately to provide for the religious instruction and wants of her mem- bers. In the centuries preceding moderate exertion could ever keep pace with the in- creasing needs, but now it is an unequal, a losing race to the Church, and new means must be devised to remedy the dispropor- tion between clergy and «the Churches on the one hand, and the teeming population on the other. The laity were giving more, far more help ; yet the number of lay helpers required to be multiplied, and the quality of the assistance rendered to be also raised. Then (says-the Bishop) the different aspect of such work, as viewed by the clergy and laity, will present itself more strongly. The clergy regard it chiefly as help to render their work more complete, the laymen as the legitimate opening for an increase in their power and influence. They seek more power in directing church work. Dr. Temple considers the demand within limits a just one, and would not separate an increase in labour by the laity from a concession of power by the clergy. Then follows some admirable counsel as to what should be " The guiding principle in Church work." The principle is that laid by St. Paul, in hie First Epistle to the Corinth- ians, tobe acted upon alike by those who ex- ercised natural and snparnatural gifts, a readiness to be led by God's Spirit. How that readiness is to be tested the Bishop points out is, "whether aman can say (and, of course, St. Paul means can say from his heart) that Jesus is the Lord. Has a man learnt that Jesus is the Lord? Does he ac- knowledge the Jesus of the Gospels as Lord of his conscience, to whose teaching he bows as the very voice of God Himself; as Lord of his Will, whose commandments he accepts as Divine ; as Lord of his heart, to whom he strives to give the love that is due to God that man is indeed moved by the Holy Ghost, and in whatever manner this is true of him it is the Hoiy Ghost that makes it true." Have we, Colonial Churchmen, this " new problem " to work out, which the Bishop of Landon speaks of ? Wo have a problem cer- tainly perhaps 'quite as now and in its way quite as difficult to solve ; but it arises from an entirely opposite condition. The English city clergycannot-makfi the religions pro- visions of the Church meet the wants cf her members, because they are so densely massed, and we cannot overtake them be- cause with us they are, so widely dis- persed. In proportion to our mem- bers the (Church in a diocese like this has a gloomy prospect, humanly Bpeaking, before her. She haB not to deplore the rapid demoralization,the debasing vices that spread through the densely peopled cities of Eng- land i but there is a problem new and diffi- cult before her in keeping up the Christian faith and practice of scattered families practically without a minister, beyond the influence of public opinion, and left to be a law unto themselves. 4_ J? ¡TO BE CONTINUED. 