THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a dream that wa3 not all a dream. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sea Queen," "The Wrack ol the Gro3Yenor," "A Sailor's Sweetheart," &c.; (Published by speolal arrangement with the autQOI All rijhta reserved.] CHAPTER XXXVI. -(continued). "Have I done wrong?" slie said, inspect ing liim with a kind of tearful earnestness that quenched the sparkling in her eyes and made them so like what they were when at Wyloe some speech of his would deepen yet the exceeding tenderness of her mood, that the mockery of her unknowing regard must have created a pain, beyond endurance in him at auy moment of le3S agitation than this. "Yes," he answered trembling vio lently, and feeling his hand cold as ice upon hers that he grasped. 1' You should not do such things, darling. If you had fallen " She followed his glance to the foam to leeward that resembled the boiling at the foot of some great cataract. "I did not know what you intended " he again broke off and led her to a chair, in which she seated herself. " I like this thrilling racing movement," she said speaking softly, _ almost amusingly ; "it fills me with excitement, and it soothes me too. On the island J. could not bear to be still. _ If I rested long I would feel an oppression,vaguely indicating her head by a gesture, " and it left me when I walked or ran. Is not this motion glorious?" she cried with light coming into her eyes afresh. " Oh, ifc is a delicious change after the rcstfulness of the island and the ceaseless tiresome cry ing of the surf." You could see by her manner that she wished to explain fully the relief the sen sation of bounding and of swift move ment gave to her head ; but there was a sort of wandering in her, a weakness when thought strove to be deliberate that was past her control. " Agatha," he said, with the desperately rapid pulsations of his heart slowly calming, "you must promise me never to jump on to these bulwarks again never to place yourself in a situation of danger." " Oh, yes, I will promise." " You love me, Agatha-it is God's will you should not know it-and my love for you, my precious one, is as yours is for me; and this will be revealed to you when it pleases our Heavenly Father to illumine the darkness that has fallen upon you. It will come-it will come ! and as you are priceless to me, then, for my sake, though you know me now but as Mr. Forteseue, you will always hereafter be heedful, never acting so as to cause me fear-for Agatha, my Agatha ! if any harm should befall you now that I have you after having believed you lost to me for ever, it would break my heart-it would kill me !" She listened to him with an air of ab sorbed attention. When he ceased, power less to go beyond his final assurance, she smoothed his hand. " You still tremble and are cold. I did not know I should frighten you. I would not do so. If I had your permission I would climb up there," pointing to the masts, "for those sails would feel like wings to me. I will never again act so as to frighten you. Indeed, indeed, I promise that, Mr. Forteseue." A troubled look came over her beauty, dimming the flash in her cheeks as the movement of air dulls the sunset glow upon the water. She sighed, and still caressing his hand and speaking with her eyes fixed on it, she exclaimed, "Did you not say I wa3 to be your wife?" " That you were to be and will be." She was silent for a little, then slowly lifting her eyes to his face, looked at him piercingly with a slow gathering of misery in their depths " Oh !" she exclaimed, in a voice that to one too far off to catch her words must have sounded like a cry of pain, " I canrot understand. I cannot under stand." He stooped to her and answered, " It will come ! My Agatha, we must both ba patient. It will come. Hush, my own. We will not speak of these things now. Jso more dull pain must weigh upon my darling's forehead. Tut your hand into arm-so." She rose and they walked to the schooner's quarter, where stood Hiram and Stone watching the vessel that the shift of the Golden Hope's helm and her course had brought dead on end astern. It was lamentable to see how light was all impression upon her, how fugitive her emotion. She released Fortescue's arm 10 put her hands upon the rail and look over the side: and by the triumph and dance of light in her eyes, and her smile, her lover saw that what had just passed between them was gone from her, and that it was the sailing of the schooner, the foam that rolled in dazzling mass.'s from her bow, the steady swing of the surge, and the liquid heave of the hull, and the shouting bttween the mas:s the gill's thoughts were full of. Plenty of notice would at any other time have been given to her by the crew, who reckoned her crazy and fearsome in other wa^s, for Joe Hall had carried forward all the news about her sleep walking, though the men had had no time to talk the thing over; but their attention was fixed on the steamer astern. Tlic-y stood all together near the weather forerigging, speculating upon the ve339l's natioiTality, and most of them as alarmed as Hiram himself. " I 'spose the skipper understands what he's about," said the cook. "He's bin long enough at sea to know what o'clock it is. You may reckon, lads, that something Invisible to us ha3 taken his heye or he'd never sweat th' old hooker in this fashion." " Well, it'll be a pretty bloomin' look out for us if so be she tarii3 out an eiiC-my," esclaiined Breeches. "He's bound to have us. Hia manoover's quite plain. He's stealing to loo'ard and means to jam us with his bloomin' machinery. Well, if there's war and she's a henemy, it's good night. I've heard what furrin jails is like and the black bread they feed ye on, an' any man who's got a wife had better make up his mind to start a new home when he come3 out, for starvation 'll have given him another face, I allow. His friends won't know him, and any boots he may have left ashore he'll find filled up with another man's feet. I'm aweer of what I'm talkin' about. There was Billy Smithers. He wor captured out of a Hindieman somewhere up here. When he was liberated he found his wife had been twice married since him, and the chap as was then coortin' her broke Billy's head as an impostor." He sent a gloomy look over the taffrail, ard folded his arms with a stare at the cook's pale face. J ohirny, the boy, beg to blubber. "For this here schooner to be taken ar.d us men made imsoners of '11 be a pleasin' tarmination of the woyaee, sartiiily,-' eaid Goldsmith, in a growling ironical voice, and savagely burying his hands in his pockets. "1 know I wish I'd nt-ver shipped. Don't believe I ever thonld if it hadn't been for Duck par3uadin' of me. There's that about this here woyage that's kep' me uncomfortable all through. Why, damme, I wouldn't hilf EO much object to the parson's wiaion if it hadn't turned out true. It's its truonesa as disagrees with me. If a man points to a comer and says, ' There's the devil,' and theieV notlien there, I laugh at him ; hut if he points and I look and see.i a black man with a tail 'twixt his legs and eyes as big as riding lights, why then, ye tee, 1 wants to retire. There's a sight too much of what ain't natural in this woy ige. Don't want to say nothen against the lady; but if Joe ain't telling lies when ha aaya that she's more sensible when she's asleep than when Bhe's awake-reversing all the nat'ral laws as I'm acquainted with-then what I says ia, I'm not goin: to be surprised if the schooner's luck's gone out of hsr and the worst ye can fear a followin' of us in that steamer." "I tell yer," said .Joe Hall, lt that the lady came up asleep. She stared at nothen past me till I slipped t'other side the tiller in a sweat. Then she sensibly talks to the parson and Mr. Stsne at the lee-rail, points and chucks her arms about, asleep all the time, and goe3 below, missing nothing, steppin' out true as a hair." ''There's nothing wonderful in that," said Archer, who had been listening quietly. " Providence looks after sleep walkers. I've heard of women getting on to the tops of roofs of houses and stroll ing about on ledge3 so tall and narrow that people watching them have turned sick." " Well. I only' wish the lady wa3 more natural, more cording to regulations," said the cook, directing his pale faca, full of uneasy workings, towards the steamer. "I never was shipmates with anyone as walked in his sleep afore, and though Providence, as Archer says, may keep a lieye on the movements of a party given to insensibly hacting arter the manner of ghosts, my notion is that the sperrit what works in a party and henables him or her to conwerae all the way from here with a man suppoged to be in England, but'long side her all the time, can't belong to the part people looks up to when theypray3." " Why not ?' demanded Archer. " Why not ?" echoed the cook. "'Cause if it was the sort o' being a man has no call to be alarmed at, it 'ud make a party act arter the manner the party was in tended to." "I agree with Micky," observed Gold smith, '' I recollect of hearing a preacher chap at a Bethel say that when the ancient Jews saw a man acting unnatural they calculated the devil had stowed him self away Inside of him. How they got him out o' the man I forgets ; but anyhow that notion of the ancient Jews-who weren't bloomin' fools neither, spite o' Bill grinnin' " " I'm a grinnin'," exclaimed Breeches, " because your makin' out that that notion you've spoken about belonging to the Jews. W'hy, man, when I was a lad the idea was common in the village I was born in. I've helped duck two old women myself 'cause the belief was they'd shoved evil spirits into folks and prevented hens from laying eggs." (To be continued.) 