CYCLING NOTES. BY HUB-LAMP. The S.A.C.U, have finally decided to hold a sports' meeting on the Adelaide Oval on New Year's Day, and a meeting will be held in the early part of the week to settle preliminaries. New events will pro- bably be Included, and it ie anticiptfed th?t several Intercolonial wheelmen will compete, co that alto gether a success may be anticipated. The restriction placed on those wishing to train on the oval after B o'clock by the dosing of the dressing rooms has been removed, for which cyclists will be thankful. Tnongh the part week hat not been afl that could be desired for training purposes good work hag been dons on the oval track In- m jst of those who intend com petiDg on November 9. Kahnel, who commenced training a week or so back, has done nothing worthy of mention, having confined most of bis attention to icvingr. It is possible, however, that be may make a fresh start this week. Davis, who does a deal of hard work each day, put in some very fine laps on Friday evening, when the weather being fine with only a light breeze from the south, gave those out an opportunity of testing their powers. Black i% very char> of allowing one to nave even " the ghost of a. hhow" of seeing how he shapes, tont from all ac ccunta v improving hie form, and will be a not mem ber In any event he contests. Oarttworth also is showing improved form, and should have a little say in nutters in renenL Cox only made a start this week, and though he looks like speedily getting into good form will have to look ?hup about it as time draws on apace. Brandenberg is going well on his roadster, and should make some of the senior riders look to their laurels before many months are over at his present rate of progression. Thnrston would find it an iiiprovemeirt If be went in for a little hard work instead of the "soft pace" in which be anally indulges, preen is showing better than he did last we:k, but will have to pick up a great deal to be dangerous. It seems as if the Maiden Bace, although it is a two-miler, which is rather long for beginners, will bnnsr out a good field. Kneese seems deter mined to have a say in it, bat it is pro bable that' Sullivan. Ferrett, and others, who were unsucoeeafol in the last ar?M?n_ ?m dispute the trophy, while several entirely new riders intend to} >ne their tack. In last week's notes it was men tioned that all negotiations between the V.O.C. and V.W.A. bad fallen throngs, the eaose bane the obstinacy of the latter body. Finding all their esdtavon to secure union futile the Victorian Cyclists Union at a meetuur held a fea- evenings back passed the following role :—?? That all cycle races most bs stated on an programmes, adver tisement*, entry forme and official notices, to be heU, airi must actually be held under the rules of the Vic torian Cyclists' Onion alone; and furthermore, no rider belonging to a dub not affiliated with the V.C C. will be allowed to oompete in any race odd under the aboTe mentioned rules, and no penon who is a mem ber cf a dub which does not recognise the V.C.C. be permited to Join a club which is affiliated to that bedy.' By this action the V.C V. pra tleally shut out msanbera of tbe rival aaaocavtaon frost <ot? -pevrg at any race meetiag except their own proponed one in December, and it is generally thoagnt that the measure though a drastic one will have the ouci.. *ished-fOr effect of speedily crashing the V.W.A - astaemcmbeisofthatfeody *U1 Mrfty stand beta * debarred from parljripitlon in any of tiie numeral lac* meetings to be held oithin tha next few months. The VC.U. hive fixed the time asandud for the mile chansirionship of Victoria at 2 mm. 5* sec, for the pvpwol putting* rop to the objectionable practice of " loafing" adopted uj some rider*. Tho action v a well timed one. It may be well to call attention to tbe high en trance and acceptance fees charged by the friendly societies- committee for their ?ports Five shilUnri Is rather too much to pay to eater a bicycle race in wtueh the first prize is £5 Bs. Great activity is observable on all the Victorian tracks on account of the approach of tfae great Anstral ? beel Kace and the other Dig events to be run off at the same time at the H.B C. noes on November 19, the entries for which close on Friday evening. I have before mentioned tbe likelihood of our ben* repre sented, and if ao our men wOl have to "go" every inc&ofthc; way. a# Patterson and Pattlnson, of the Femshka, are doing strong sock, the Utter being in especially fine torn. T. Bow* is full of strength, and pot? on the pace in fine stjle, inncovinc almost da) by day. Lennie, of qnfl?rfflrt L is also putting on fine pace, and, with Kewport. is a comirg man. Huey and B"*w?. on safeties, hava been dome well, a?d so an HoDick. HUler, and Goddea. A rather napleafa?t surprise was given the riders on w** of **"* *y^a-? ti?^ ottinc eveaia?! Just as a batch, wbo bad h*an doing tanr level beat, had finlsbrd and were coiuinf oil, the kaadktpper calmly rtrolied into t*e pavihoa. aad remarked much to their davuFt that he had bean watching them for abort ban* an boor from outside the fun, and was muoh obliged tew their Hail arm is giringr Urn such a good opportunity of observing their running powers. Tbe Sydney B C.'? annual report snows skat they ha\e passed through a successful year, the roll call being answered by same 8? aasmbea. and after givnur £5 5s to tfae Ball! relief fund, and making a profit of aY? on tfae August iace meetine. tbs dab hi* £SOO in bard cash. A new bicycle to be used for econtins; imiiiwn in time of war hat just bees invested, sod the trial, an account of which from a contemporary is sab- Joined, was so successful that tfae War OBoe have saktn into costUeration the auestioa of otihsinjf it as anwonttorthe eyeflsts'oorps. - The Scout," as tbia maeiine has been aptly called, has a largs drh-inj wtoeel 3Z inches Dish, and a trout steerer wheel 1 inches. The rider sits directly over the outre of . <? front vheel. sad is v well nalannwd Uut he can r^=> the front wheel over obstacles somewhat after the auhiou of tfae American star bicycle. A start was made from the Grand Junction Canal, on the banks of which the rider of the Safety bicycla. Heaaeman, inflated t?o air-bags which were tittnihrd to the handle-bar, droppid tha machine in the canal, when It floated, and he having fastened a piece of cord to his wrist, tf ircd to and towed site bicycle across in coueideraUy under 10 minutes. The water was SO feet deep, and the place he crossed over Bo feet wide. Letting the air out of the bags he mranted the machine, and rode oier meadows, railway lined, newly ptouabed fields, through woods, lifted it over pit**, waded tbroueh a backwater two feet deep, and rtturned to the starth g-poiut, having done over four qyEifo in S& minutes, inriwting stoppages. After +hi? the rider gave an exhibition of what could be done in the way of rocgb tiding at the bottom of a. gravel pit, monutuig and JasomHiny a sharp short incline of 1 ia 11 with tompatativeeass. A ladder placed on the top cf seme brkke pioved no obstacle to the machine, u'liii-h was driven upanddown eaeilv. The Fitt> aulfs Boad <%ampionship of Ireland was rectinly run off at the Phoenix Park, Dublin. The wtalhtr was uiipropitious, and the road rather etuly, so that good time was out of the question. Miie started, the winner being J. HoCormack, of Belfast; Deny, of Dublin, finishing second, five mQts l*hicd; and then A. MoCormack, of Portarliugtou, tbe previous holder. Time, 4 hr. 23 mm. 63 sec TLe second 84 - hour competition of the Kortb-ro&d; Club, London, which lately came off, turned out a great success, despite the wet and boisterous weather in the early part of the wtek. fora lrng time before creat excitement had prevailed among the road-ridice chavpions of the various clubs, with the result that over 40 entries were received. Includ ing those of such men as Waterhouse, Wilson, Six, and Mills. The club offered tbe undermentioned nudak:—To tbe bicyclist and trieyclist lidise tbe greatest distance iv the 21 hours, a gold medal; a t|HCial silver medal to tbe rider of the greatest dis u.uce on an ordinary ; a silver medal tor bicyclists rid in? SCO miles; a bronze medal for bicyclists riding 210 miles ; a tilver medal for tricyclists riding 230 niilfs; a bronze medal for tricycliote riding ISJ miles; a (Over medal for tandemists ridiner 260 milc9; and a bronze u>cdal to tandeniistt riding 200 miles. Fortu iiatfclj, contideriog the number of starters, there were a ccturarativuly few mishaps. Ibe total distance to traverse was 297 miles. ilUls(a triojclist) travelled £(jC miliE in the 24 hours, thus beatinjr the reord of A. li. Fletcher by 16i mil a The fdllowiogr *re Che distancteaidtlen by the various men in the 24 Hours :— T. Wat*fbcuse (safety), 2;CJ miles; G. f. Mills (.tri.jiHX 2W> siik's;'V. A. Six (safety) 2ii>} soiies; V. bcKling (blcyule), £37} miles; A. ?} McDonald (tf-fctj), KiU miles; A. B. Salisbnry (bicycleX 231 miles. The iaii.:'j.il leistered for the 24 boura end ing at a am. cv Saturday was as f.iiloa-s : — Kirgfton, 0 010 ; Kobe, 0 010; Cipt Xorthum btilauo, 0 U1O; Miliioent. 0 o<o. 