OLIVER'S BRIDE. ALL BIGHTS RESERVED. i A NOVEL, i by MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of "The Chronicles op Car- lingford." "The Greatest Heir- | ess in England," "He that will not when be may," "Sot Tom," Ac., Ac. CHAPTER m. Trix was not so quickly satisfied as Grace had been. ' Going away,' she cried, ' going to leave Grace ! I thought yon could not bear to bave her out of your eight.' I hope I was not such an ass as to say so : but I cannot help myself — it is an old friend ' ' Who is he, do I know hint !' ehe said, as Lrrace naa saia. you men are so ridiculous abont your friends. Prob ably somebody (hat did you nothing but harm, and whom yon would be thankful never to hear of again.' 1 Von speak like an oracle, Trix ; bnt I mast go all the same.' 'And why don't yon say who he is I Ah, it was a great deal better for yon, Oliver, when yon had no friends that your sister didn't know of. Tell me who he is, at least ; tell me his name.' ' Foa would not be a bit the wiser. You know nothing whatever abont him. Trix, take great care of her while I am sway.' ' Ob, as for taking care of her I ' He went oat of the room while ehe was speakiDg to put hie necessaries into his bag. A telegram had been pnt into hie baud as he entered the house, which had made his face, if possible, still more grave: And as he left her with that troubled countenance, hie sister's mind was full of commotion and anxiety. She ran over every name she conld think of, of people whom she had heard him speak, wondering whose urgent claim this conld be. She, too, felt the in fluence of that sadden cloud which blotted out the sky and brought the quick deluge of the spring shower pour ing abont the ears of the wayfarers. The darkness assisted her womanish imagina tion, as it had done that of Grace. It was like a sadden misfortune falling when no one thought of it And Mrs. Ford's mind was greatly exercised. When Oliver came into the room again ready to start, she got np quickly and went to him, seizing, with her two hands the lappels of his coat ' Oliver,' Bbe cried, breathlessly, ' I hope to goodness it is a him, and not , You couldn't, yon wouldn't — it isn't possible.' ' Suspicion seems always possible,' he said, harshly, potting her away from him. Was it the natural indignation of one unjustly blamed 1 ' If that is all yon think of me, what will it matter what I say ¥ Oh,' cried Trix, who was very impul sive, ' I beg yonr pardon, NolL It was only that I — it was because I am so anxious, oh, so anxious, that everything should go well. Yon won't be long — not any longer than yon can help 1' ' Not a moment,' he said. ' If I can return to-morrow, I will. I hope so with all nay heart. Going at all is no pleasure. Take cue of her while I am away.' It seemed to Trix that he was gone before she had convinced herself that be was goiog. It was very sudden. He had not intended to go at ail till after hie marriage. He had said so only this morning, and why all tins change in an honr. A friend ! It most "be a very intimate friend, she concluded, or he would not have thrown np all his planB to go and visit him. To be sure when a man is dying be iB not likely to wait the convenience of another who is abont to be married. She told her husband when he came home in the evening, and he a good man who was not wont to trouble him self by searching ont hidden meanings, received the news with great placidity. ' Is it anyone we know P was his first question. ' I hope it maybe the sort of friend who will leave him something — a legacy couldn't come at a better moment. This war a wnndnrinff eedative to her alarms, and tamed her thoughts into quite a different channel. It would be indeed a moBt suitable moment to have a legacy left bim. Every time is suitable for that, bnt when a man is abont to be married, nothing could be more appro priate. Mrs. Ford went across In the evening after dinner to see Grace. They lived quite near each other, and the Fords for that evening had no engage ment She found her future sister-in- law sitting over a little bright fire, read ing a novel, with papers beside her on the table, lists from the farnitnre shops, and some made out in her own hand writing of things that wonld be required in ftin tifior linnaa XTioa rrAAflhlut Pfi- ceived Mrs. Ford very cordially. 'It feels bo odd to be quite alone again,' she said, with a little 'laugh, which was slightly nervous, and when one didn't expect it. So I was glad to find a new book. Poor Oliver, he will not have a pleasant journey. I hope he will find his friend bettor. Is he a friend of yonrs too V 1 He was in such a hurry he had not time to tell me, nor I to ask him,' arid Trix, which was not, as the reader knows, quite true. There was a little panes after this, as if they each wonld have liked to ask questions of the other ; and then, no questions being possible, as neither knew, they plnnged into furniture, which is a very enthralling subject Trix, having experience, was able to give many faints, and to suggest a number of things Grace had left out— kitchen things, for instance. How can anyone know abont pots and pans, and how many are necessary, without practical knowledge supplied by recent experience! They both subdued a little dull pain they had abont the region of (heir hearts by a good long talk oh (hie. subject, and Darted onite eh uui fully when Mr. Ford — who never had any pains in that region except those which are produced by a digestion ont of order — came to fetch his wife, Oliver 01 take tire opportunity to do several things on bis own hook, pow that he has 'manned to tear ftimarifj away,3 that gentleman said. - 'Theigreat; difficulty was tear himself away. And I only hope his. friend wittieaye him something.' '..i - ' i- ? . This, thonghit VMTO.'proBMC, gave h! real comfort to :the -two .-women. -It brought fcis miashmqoite downifromtbe mystery thattnng about it to the range of crwnmnnplaoeaSflfA1 ' It wae not till Wentworth was fairly gone from the-, station, ehnt np by him self in a compartment of a first-class carriage, and unapproachable by any spectator, that he took out from his pocket and read over again the letter and telegram which had sent him away thus hurriedly out of the" happiness of his new life. The letter was on bine paper, not without a suspicion of greasineas, and very badly written in a hand which might have been that of a shopman or a schoolboy. Bat it was signed by a female name, and this is what It said : ' Dear Mr. Wentworth. — ' Alice came home in bad health three months ago. She's been bad ever since, and there is now no hopes of her. It's consumption and heart complaint, and what the doctor calls a complication. For the last fortnight she's been weaker and weaker every day, and yesterday was cook mncb worse, and hasut bnt a day or two to live. She says Bhe can't die happy without seeing yon. She calls for yon all the time she's waking both night and day. Oh, Mr. Wentworth, you always was a kind gentleman, not like some. I know as yon wonld have noth ing to say to her if she was well, bnt being as she's very ill and near her death, I do hope as yon'll listen to me. Yon was the first as she ever took a fancy to, she says. But if yon come, oh come at oncet, for there is not a moment to be lost. ' Yonrs trnlv. Matilda.' He unfolded the telegram afterwards and read that ' If yon want to find her in life come at once.' Wentworth remarked with a kind of horrible calm, and even a smile, that the telegraph people had corrected the spel ling. This was the summons for which he had left Grace. He had read both more than once. Now that he had obeyed tbe call be asked himself was it indeed so necessary — ought he to have done it I There had been something in the force of the contrast, something in the happiness which was so much more than he deserved, iu the purity and nobleness of the woman who had given him her band, and. who was making her spotless atmosphere his, that stong him with that intolerable, re morseful pity, the impnlse of which is not to be resisted. Standing by the aide of his bride, and on the edge of a life alto gether above his deserts, he had felt that he could not resist this appeal to him. To refuse to speak a word of comfort to a dying creature — he to whom God had been eo good — how was it possible ? Comfort I what comfort could he give ! He might bid her repent, as he bad re pented. Bnt his repentance had been paid, it had been richly recompensed. It was setting open to him the doors of every happiness : whereas to this sharer of bis iniquities it was to be followed only by suffering and death. Wentworth had never been cations or hardhearted at his worst : and now at his beet compassion and remorse over whelmed him. That he should receive that information, that appeal, with Grace's hand in his, gave his whole nature a shock. He felt that he most take himself away ont of her presence ; and carry the recollections, the scenes that rushed back upon his mind, the Image thns thrust before his eyes away from her at least, even if he did not answer the appeal. He was not of the iron fibre of Bome men. He could not carry these two images side by side. And then how did he dare resist such an appeal ' Yon were the first He had said to himself that he was respon sible for the ruin of no other hnman creature. He was not a seducer. He had used no wiles to draw anyone from the paths of virtue. Is that a defence when life and death are in the balance, and a man Is arraigned before the tri bunal of his own conscience S When he went back into the recesses of his memory and beheld all that was there brought before him, as by a flash of lightning, and then remembered the po sition in which he now stood, he covered his face with his hands. He was as hamed to the bottom of hie eoul The vai r nf franaoTPflsnrfl in hard Tn anrnnfl vti " — who had known all the facts it would have appeared that Oliver Wentworth was the most striking example of un deserved happiness. He had no right to all the good things that had fallen Into his lap. He had deserved a very dif ferent return for all that he had done : yet when he set ont upon that railway journey with the tonch of Grace's hand still warm in his, the shame and misery in his mind were a not nnfit representa tion of those tortures which to most men are more real than the fire and brim stone of the bottomless pit. How was the recollection of what was past ever to be washed ont of his memory! He mvnrlit Miunf. — Iia lied Tenanted — and never so bitterly as now : but how was he to get xid of the recollection ! Io the great proclamation of mercy it is declared that God forgets as well as for gives : ' Their sins and iniquities will I remember no inore.' 'But Hie sinner, how is he to forget, even when be believes that be is forgiven 1 Yet, what he was doing was not shame ful nor It was mercy that carried Mm away from all he loved to give what consolation he could to a dying creature whom he had never loved, who had been but the companion of his amusements for a moment of aberration, a period which he looked back upon with astonishment and disgust. How could he have for gotten himself eo for I " How coufil he have fallen into each depths! His mind was so revolted by the recollection, such a horror and loathing filled him at the thought, that it was impossible to sup pose that any softer sentiment lay con cealed beneath. Had he been a less tender-hearted man be would probably have thrown the letter into the fire, and perhaps sent tittle money as the wmmnn salve for aU sufferings ; but his very happiness arid elevation above those wretched recollections took from him tbe power to dismiss encht an appeal in hub way. , And was it not certaui jAone- ment,'at Aeartsm offering of jwinfol service such -as the heart of man believes In, to Bo U3sl The mcmey twrconld jiave sent wonld: have -cost him motiung— thiB coBt him. whatras incuilaMei jprice could do her Ho good, poor creature ; which makes a sudden chill in spring | almost more miserable than winter, bnt the streets were wet and gleaming with squalid reflections, and the crowds, even in the busiest thoroughfares, were thinned and subdued. Wentworth took a cab and drove through a part of Lon don with wbich he was not familiar, through line upon line of poor little streets, each one exactly like its neigh- boors, lighted with few lamps, with a faint occasional shop window, few and far between, and with only at long in tervals a dark figure under an umbrella going up or. down. The endless extent of thiB network of streets, all poor, mean, dark, yet decent, the homes of myriads unknown, gave him a sense of weariness that many miles of conntry wonld not have produced. At last the cab stopped before one of the narrow doors, flanked with the little iron railing, the usual parlour window overlooking a narrow little area. In the room above a light was burning, and all the rest of the hoose dark. In the parlour window was a square printed advertisement of some trade just visible by the lamplight, and a painted board of the same description was attached to the railings. The door was opened by a young woman with a candle in her hand, which nearly blew ont with the entry of the blast of night air, and flickered in her face so that it was diflScalt to make ont her features. She gave a little cry, ' Oh, it's Mr. Went worth !' and bade him come in. To de scribe the sensations with which Went worth realised his position, known and expected in this honse, going np the narrow stair which was all that separated him from the sick room, from tbe dying woman, between whom and himself he was thns acknowledging a connection, is more then I can attempt. There was no secret here — a man in the slipshod dress of a worker at home looked out from the little back room and asked 1 Has he come !' as he passed. On the top of the etairs an elder woman, with the dreadful black cap of the elderly decent English matron of the lower classes, came out to meet him, and put out her hand in wel come. How do yon do, Mr. Went worth ! She's that excited there's no keeping her still, and I'm so glad you've coma' In tbe face of all this his heart sank more and mora He felt himself no longer on a mission of mercy, but going to meet his fata CHAPTER IV. Tbe room was email and dingy ; oppo site to the door an old-fashioDed tent bed hung with enrtains of a huge- patterned chintz, immense flowers on a black ground, a candle standing on a small table by the bedside, another faintly blinking from the mantelpiece, the darkness of everything around bring ing into fuller relief the whiteness of the bed, the pillows heaped np to support a restless head, a worn and ghastly face, with large, gleaming eyes, which seemed to have an independent, reetless life of their own. Tbe face had been pretty when Wentworth had known it first. It was scarcely recognisable now. The cheek bones had become prominent; the lower part of the face worn away almost to nothing, the eyes enlarged in their hollow caves. She looked as she had bBen said to be — dying, except that the light in her eyes spoke of a secret force which might be fever, or might be be cause they were the last citadel of life. But though she looked at the last ex tremity of existence, a few efforts had been made to ornament and adorn the dying creature, efforts which added un speakably, horribly, to the ghastly look of her face. The collar of her night dress had been folded over a pink ribbon, leaving bare an emaciated throat, round which was a little gold chain, suspending a locket ; and her hair still plentiful and pretty, the one human decoration which does not fade, was carefolly dressed, though somewhat disordered by the con tinual motion of her restlessness. It was all horrible to Wentworth, death masquerading in the poor, little vanities, which were so unspeakably mean and email in comparison with that majesty : and all to please him, God help the for lorn creators, to make her look as when he had praised her prettinees, she from whom every prettineBB, every possibility of pleasing had gone. She held ont her two hands which were worn to skin and bone, Ob Oliver, my Oliver ! oh I knew he wonld come. Oh, didn't I say he wonld come !' she cried. Wentworth could not but take the bony fingers into his own. He saw that it was expected he should kiss her, but that was impossible. He sat down in the chair which had been placed for I him by the bedside. \- 1 am very sorry to see you so ill, my 1 poor girl,' he said. Hi's not the word, Mr. Wentworth, she's dving. She hasn't above an hour or two in this world,' said the mother, or the woman who took a mother's place. He gave her a look of horrified re proach, with the usual human sense that it < is cruel to announce this fact too clearly. . 'I hope it is not quite so bad as that.' ' Yes, Oliver; oh, dear Oliver, yes, yes, said the sick woman. This is — my last uight — on earth.' She spoke with difficulty, pausing and panting between the words, her thin lips dis tended with a smile, the emile (he conld not help remembering) that had always been a little artificial, poor girl at her nest, mi even as mumi bwiui uiuuicui. she was endeavouring to charm him still (he felt with horror) by tbe means which Bhe supposed to bave charmed him in the past, < Tell him, mother, tell him. J haven't got— the strength.' She put out her hands' for his hand, wMch he could not retosB, though her touch made him shiver, and lay looking at" him, smiling, with that awful. attempt at fascination. He covered .bis eyes - with his disengaged hand, half "because of the honor in his soni, ha1f that he might not toee her face. Mr. Wentworth,' . said; the elder woman, mypoor child, «r, -shea got one last .wish,' the bony hands closed upon his with feeble,- yet anxio'm pressure as this was said. -- . .. _ _ If His anything : I -can do for ber, tell me. I trill do any- jfl«!ng that can procure her a moment's pleasure, 'he iaid. \- Fatal words to ssyj but: he meant than folly —ont of -pity fire and also putof a homing desire, at any coat, to \-- 'Arijfiiiw-: for" tbhtl ; He would '"have jof what be possessed only in ewsy hum riita'pl ftre-ito'iretatri to hOtffe jfebad hear tills woman's name no mora Once more the wasted hands pressed his, and she gave a little cry. I knowed it — always — mother. I told yon.' ' Hash, hush, dear. Don't you wear yoarself ont. Yon'II want all your strength. Mr. Wentworth, I didn't ex pect no less from a gentleman like you. If she hasn't been all ehe might have been, poor dear, though I don't want to blame yon, sir, you're not the one as should say a word, for it was all out of love for yoQ.' Wentworth had it not io him to be crnel, bnt he drew his hand almost for cibly from between the girl's feverish hands. 'What is the use of entering into such a question !' he said. I do not blame her. Let the past alone. What can I do for her now !' He had risen np, determined to make his escape at all hazards : bnt the little cry she gave had so much pain in it that his heart wae touched. He sat down again, and patted softly the poor hand that lay on tbe coverlet. My poor girl, I don't want to hurt you,' he said. ' You mnBtn't be harsh to her' said the mother. ' How would you like to think that poor thing had gone miserable ont of this world to complain of you, sir, before the Throne! Not as she'd have the heart to do it, for ehe thinks there is no ODe like yoo, whatever yon may say to her. Mr. Wentworth, there's just one thing yon can do for her. Make an honest woman of her, sir, before she dies.' ' What !' said Weutwortb, springing once more to his feet. He bat dimly, vaguely understood what she meant, yet felt for a moment as if he had fallen into an ambosb, as if he had been trapped in a deo of thieves. He thought he saw a man's head appearing at the door, and heard- whispering and footstepB on the stairs. This it was that produced the momentary fnry of his cry ; bat then he regained control of himselfj and looting round saw no one bnt the dying girl on the bed, and the elderly woman standing in front of him, looting at him with de precating yet earnest eyes. ' It's a great deal,' said the woman, 'and yet it's nothing. It's what will never harm you one way or another, what nobody will know, nor be able to cast in your teeth — that won't cost you anything (except maybe a bit of a foe): and yet it's everything to her. It wonld make all the difference between going ont of this world honest and creditable and going in her shame — which it was you that brought her to it' 'That's a lie,' said Oliver. Was it to be supposed he contd think of civility at snch a moment ! A desperate tremor seized hold upon him. He got np BDd turned, half blinded with horror and ex- citement, towards the door. 'I am here,' be raid, because — because—' Ab, because — why ! What could he say! He had meant to be kind — to make up to her, anyhow, he could not tell how, for the fact that he was happy and she dying. He stood arrested with those words upon his lips, which he conld not say, half turned from her, facing the door, as if he would have broken away. And then there came a low, despairing cry from the bed, the cry as of a lost creature. ' Oh, Oliver, Oliver ! you loved me once. Oh, don't go and leave me. You loved me, and I loved yon.' He would have cried out that "it was false : but the breathless voice, broken by panting that sonnded like the last- straggle, the voice of the woman who was dying, while he was fall of life and force, silenced him in spite of himself. The mother had flown to her to raise her head, to give her something from a glass on the table, and be too turned again awe-stricken, thinking the last moment had come. ' And yon can stand and see her like this,' said the woman by the bedside iD a low tone 'You that are well and strong and have the world before yoo, and let her go ont of it at five and twenty, a girl as yon made an idol of once, a girl as you have helped to briDg to this : and won't lift a finger to satisfy her before she dies, to give her what she wants, and what will make her happy for the last hoar before she dies.' The oirl trnlv was nast sneech. She lay back against her mother's breast, her own worn and emaciated shoulder heav ing with convulsive BtrnggleB for the departing breath. She could not speak, bnt those eyes which ware so living while die was dying, turned to him with a look of snch appeal, snch entreaty that he could not bear the sight. They were large with fever and weakness, liquid and dear and dilated, as the eyes of tbe dying often are, like two stare glowing ont in sudden light, from the pale night of her face. He could not endure the dnmb entreaty in them. He cried oat, ' What do you want me to do !' with despair in his voice,' and a sense that whatever thev asked of him he conld not now refuse. To do her justice; said the mother. Ob, Mr. Wentworth ! to make np to her for all she's suffered. To make her an honest woman before she dies.' The girl's dying lips moved, bnt no sound was heard : she still kept that terrible smile, and her eyes held him with that prayer, too intense for words. j Oliver turned away his head not to see them, then turned back again as if in them there was some spelL A passionate impatience pricked his heart ; for it was not true. Tbey had not been to each other what was said. Love 1 iove was too grand a worn to oe mentioned nere at alL It had been utter folly or worse, it had not been love. She had been too slight for snch a word ; but she was not too slight for death. For no eoul is too mean or poor ; and death is as great as love is, and compels respect. -She drew his eyes to her so that he could not free himself. He aaid In an unnatural, stifled voice, ' Whatever yon want from me — this is not the — the time. There is nothing to be done to- night — and after to-night '—he conld hot Bay the words — - he waved bis hand towards -the bed. She was dying now— now — before their eyes. 1 Know wnat-ynu mean, sua me mother with dreadful calm. She won't last ont the night! " Very likely the won't, bnt. that's -what nobody knows except her Maker.' If Bhe don't, yon can't do nothing, end nobody her© will say a word. ' Bnt if ishe do! "Give her yoar word, Mr. Wehtworth, as you'll many her to- morrow .if ehe lives,, and she'll die happy. -.v'She'Il die. happy"; whether it comes to anything, or irii'ether it don't — Mr ."Wentworth, sir, 'dofor -the love of . God. - . I The girl recovered a little, gasping" breath, ril die happy. Ill die happy, whetherit coma to anything — Even this little rally showed more and more the nearness of the end. He had ehrnnk at the word ' marry ' as if it had been a blow aimed at him, but he conld not escape from tbe tragic persistence of those eyes. And over whelmed as he was, a little hope stirred in him. He said to himself, She can never live till to- morrow.' Why Bhonld be resist if words wonld make her bappy ! for she was surely dying, and she never conld take him at his word. If that is all, I will promise,' he said. The light in her eyes seemed to give a leap of joy and trinmpb, then closed, with flickering eyelids, he thought for ever : he cried ont voluntarily, and made a step nearer to tbe bed. When her eyes were closed she looked like one who had been dead a day, nothing but a faint convulsive heave of the shoulders show ing that there was life in her still. The mother busied herself about the half-tmconscioue creature, putting the cordial within her lips, supporting the pillows against her own breast. Yon will have an easy bargain,' she said, as she went on with these cares, bat any how we'll bless yon for what yon Bay. Matilda, give me the drops the doctor left for her when Bhe felt faint. She's very low now, poor dear. Mr. Went- worth's behaving like a gentleman, as yon always said he wonld. He has promised to many her to-morrow morn ing, if she lives. She'll not live, bat she's satisfied, poor dear I Matilda had come so softly into tbe room that she startled him as if she had been a ghost. ' I knew as he wonld do it when he saw how bad she was ; bnt, Lord, what do it matter to the poor thing now? This was his own opinion. In a few minutes more there was a bustle down stairs, which Matilda prononnced to be the doctor coming, and Wentworth went down to wait nntil he had paid his visit. The little parlonr below had one candle burning in it, for the benefit of those who went and came. The young man was left there for a few minutes alone. To describe the condition in which he was is impossible. His heart was beat ing with a dull noise against his breast All that had been bo bright to him a little while before had become black as night He could not think ; only con template what was before him dumbly, with horror and disgost and fear. He had given a pledge, bat it was a pledge that never would call for fulfilment — no, no, it never conld be fulfilled — it woald be like a nightmare, a dreadful dream, from which he would awake by-and-bye and find the bud shining and all well After a while he heard the doctor's heavy I foot come clamping down the wooden j staircase. He waa angry with the man for having so little delicacy, for mating so much noise when his patient was dying. Presently, he came in to give his bul letin to the gentleman, whom he per ceived at once to be somehow very deeply concerned. Last the night ! No, I don't think she'll last the night : bat you never can tell exactly with sqch nervous subjects. She might put on a spurt and come round again for a little while.' Then,' eaid Wentworth, with a sense that he was acquiring information clan destinely, : there is no hope of any per manent recovery !' The doctor laughed him to scorn. If he had not been a parish doctor, accus tomed to very poor patients and their ways, he would not have allowed himself to laugh in snch circumstances. When ehe has not above half a long, and her heart is — bat yon don't under stand these matters, perhaps. She may make a rally for a few hours, bat I doubt if she will see out the night.' After this Wentworth went home to the closed-up chambers, where nobody expected him, and to which he got ad mittance nnder difficnlty. He had to walk miles, he thought, through those dreadful streets, all like each other, all gleaming with the wet, before he could even find a cab. There was no strength left in him. He went on and on me chanically, and might, he thought have been wandering all night bat that the sieht of a vacant cab. which he knew he wanted, brought him back to a doll sense of the necessity of shelter. The cold rooms, so vacant and unprepared, which were just shelter and no more, were scarcely an improvement npon the me chanical y march and movement, which deadened hie mind and made him less sensible of his terrible position. It had been arranged that if she were still alive in the morning a messenger was to be sent to him, and that then he was to take the necessary steps to redeem hie pledge. But he eaid to himself that it was impossible — that she conld not live till moroing. It was a horrible moment for a man to go through — a man whose life had bloBBomed into snch gladness and prosperity. But still, if he could but be sure that nothing worse was to come of it — and what wonld come of it when the doctor himself was all but certain that she conld not see out the night ! (To be continued in our next. ) 