' IIOISART INJURY SEASON. l. A Bri A VISITOR" SAL ' ' ",.,', I Where next (shall you go to enjoy yourself and what next shall you see ? Wait for a fine, : hot day-for it can be hot in Rob.ust and then takes trap and drive down, or rather up and down, the Brown's Hi vern-road and take in the trap as much refreshment as you think you will' need, then add a little more, for appetites grow in Tasmania You will wheel along the harbour's run, past pretty, villas under the shadow of an old battery, or something in the guise of one, past gardens flushed with the glory of flowers and fruit, and old-fashioned I cottages that speak only of humble living in a past generation, are the short and simple annals of the poor." And all about the country one can find these little homes set away among the laurel and hollyhocks, and all along the roads the hedge of sweet-smelling briar. No place out of England seems quite so English fine" colonists are less moulded into new types and expressions by the exigencies and conditions of new country. It is, perhaps, because the climate resembles, and there, me some signs of. configuration akin to, that of England. The little creeks and Tunnels, overhung with willows and overlaid with lilies ¡ that creep slyly through the meadows and under the hills,' have all the sense of quietude and rest that is the enchanting feature of rustic scenery in the Old Land. Even the humble people you meet seem to have stepped out of English homes, and. like their prototypes, are quite as unambitious. But we must not forget in our drive to look out beyond the fields and farms to where Eaglehawk Neck lies, and the high hills are, from which the signalman at stretched like the avenging ' Eriunya in warning of the, escape of some wretched convict she bore' the iron upon his limbs while the "iron had entered his soul." Behind you lies another hill', gloomy now with a horrible association, from which a Nemesis ominously replied, and bloodhounds chafed in their chains for lust of human game. And soon you will climb another hill up which with dogged slowness the time-branded outcasts trudged with clanking feet, bearing burdens like brutes and beasts. Their prison walls The broken now and overturned, like cairns shaken of their stones, but the path is worn hard as adamant where they beat their measured march and one might think to meet in the hours of darkness the ghosts and shadows of forgotten crimes., Brown's River is but a modest creek, that hides itself in moist glens, and creeps slyly into the sea as though tired of its responsibility ; but by just such streams could the dreamer call up the proud and purple skies of the East and the mellow piping of the great god Pan as he sat by the reeds in the river. " Is there wonder I took me to dreaming / S Of the Gardens of Greece end old Rome, Of the fair watered meadow! of Ida. And the hills were the gods made their homes Of the Argonauts lung to by careful. Of Andromache, Helen of Troy, Of Proserpine, weary Dolores, And the Fates that build up and destroy ? Of the phantom-like, (reen Theresa, v> And the Naiad and Dryids that fire To the soul of the passionate dreamer The visions of fancy that line In the lives and the language of mortals Unconscious, but sure as Thereat And that make for great losses repayment To wandering singers like met Next, you must see the Blowholes a mile or so away, through fields of blue gum, myrtle, wattle, and brier, and throwing yourself upon the grassy edge look lawn and see the tide with a moaning hollow rush crowd through the rocky entrance, and stretch out white foam fingers to the changeless walls, and failing this sink back again to the mother sea to return and retreat thus from hour to hour and for ever and a day. If you grow tired of this, you can stroll to the rocky shore, and, looking down 100ft., hear " The water lapping on the crag, And the long ripple in the reeds " ' All this is not nature on a grand scale, but it is nature on an enjoyable scale neverthe- less and you can be happier that it is not grand enough to till you with awe. Then in the twilight you can drive back again to the slow old city, measurably content even though you have seen nothing but Nature dressed in very homespun garb, and have treated her with a nonchalant good nature. Now, wait a day or two and learn something more of the character of this island people and their oldest town. There is little modern about the place. Yellow painted vehicles, as ancient as ',' the deacon's one boss shay," roll ponderously along. Irish jaunting cars turned outside in, and warranted to carry a whole family or a corporation, stand at corners as they might have stood when George"IIÏ.-vTas king, and will stand thus mayhap the same when Albert Edward as the " lean and slip- pered pantaloon " and the 19th century has put on its grave clothes. To drive in one of them would be like chartering a church belfry on wheels to ride down the slopes of Naxos, the feeling of antiquity would be so strong. There are more old men in Hobart, I think, than in any other city of Australasia-a fact that speaks well for the climate. Old men and maidens. And I think the old men are more antiquated looking than any other old men one sees in English-speaking communities now-a-days. I do not know that antiquity is a quality not usually found in old men, but these are more antiquated. The maidens are not. They are as fresh as if Nature renewed her work every morning. There died out at the Huon a few months ago a chirpy young patriarch of 105 years, who was not even then willing to leave the " pomps and vanities of this wicked world, and his gruel and snuff. Some people never are satisfied. The old fellows of the humble class are not generally of Noreissus-liko beauty, and the old women are hardly of that comclincsB that " marks the caste of Vere de Vere." Yet I remember one old woman at the Huon who In ked as if she had dropped out of one of Hogarth's pictures, so as not, to noble, BO handsome was she in face. Sixty years had not whitened her jet black hair, or dimmed the eye that in youth might have caused St. ' Anthony trouble, or robbed the cheek of colour She kept a publichouse she, with a face that would have done for the martyr saint Elizabeth, and she would boil the eggs too hard. But there would never be any difficulty in finding the ancient hero of Holmes ' Lost Leaf " in Tasmania : " But now his nose Is thin. And it rests upon his chin like a staff: And a crook is in his back, and a melancholy crack In his laugh. ' ' '' I know it is a sin ¡ For me to sit and grin t At kim here . ' But Ms old three-cornered hat, / ' ' And his breeches and all that I Are so queer "If you do your duty and go to church on Sunday, you will find the topaz light of elder days there, too, falling down through chancel pane and transept, and because much is old fashioned, from the curls that grizzled now fall about temples and cheeks that are no longer young, to the pews with their high barricades, so gentler falls the influence of the days when" the old, old story was new and the Promised case and His people knew him not Only in one or two churches will the old pews be found. Modern habits are grated on old forms like now ribbons on the old wedding chess ; still the lea Ven of antiquity is there.,' It is not easy to raise any money in Hobart for anything, and less easy for a ligious purposes. Thus a fine cathedral, as I have said before, awaits a few thousands to complete it, and a manly, devoted, popular mahon, by all his efforts can move the wheel but little. The colonies need more of such bishops. There is reason for the lack of large endowment for anything. Tasmania has not many wealthy people, and such as there are come under the category of landed monopolists. The average income is very much less than in the other large cities of Australia, and people cannot contribute as they otherwise do. Little by little all educating, religious, and philanthropic associations grow, and where £503 could be raised in Sydney in an hour, It would require months there. The people are not "ironbanded " and parsimonious ; they are, because the conditions of life require them to be so, only economical. Hence such progress as they do make is a source of well earned pleasure. They can point with pride to some good schools such as ChriBts allege, Hutchin's School, and the Scotch College, and this Museum, in the care of the enthusiastic and talented curator, Mr. Alexander Morton, grows more worthy the capital of a colony every day, There is a feeling that the new wing, of which the corner-stone has just been laid, should be used for Tasmanian exhibits only, and this would seem wise. For the national honour every relic and sign Tasmanian should be preserved for the uses and ed li cation of generations to come. It is of far greater importance to them that they should know the aboriginal life of their own country and its fauna and flora than to stand in pumped-up amazement before the Targum of Onkelos on Ztrozzi Cabinets or a miniature Tag-Mahal. I have spoken of some quest old people that one sees in Hobart, and of habits that are not now considered modern. On Christmas Day going in search of my own dinner at the further end of the town, I met scores of humble folk carrying their baked dinners home from-, the shops. ' Roast goose and apple sauce; mashed potatoes and parsnips, leg of mutton and caper sauce, plum pudding and mince 1 pie, all steaming, filled the air with a sym- posium of savoury smells. Boys who couldn't>appreciato the smells because their fingers were too hot and the pans were too heavy, old women bent and with faces like conspiracies, who sniffed rather with their blinking eyes, and girls all 'plump and red faced' w he looked as if they ought to be put on fever diet. so boisterously healthy did they look-all,f-all, * bent upon bearing burdens to mortify the flesh ? And if they failed the kind gods would forgive them, for it would be from no lake Of sustained devotion. I would like to say a word for Hobart meat and Hobart butchers. The former is good, the latter understand their business. The butcher shops are clean and fresh, and that can be said' of all shops and stores there. Passing by the inns at night, the homeliness, clean, tidy aspect and quietness strikes the stranger most forcibly. One hears no brawling and very little noise in them at the time. The butcher still wears the blue smock, and' Dickens would not want him heartier looking. * The fishmonger is quite as unintelligible as elsewhere, and some of the bakers yet carry their bread around in handcarts; out from wood choppers to Premier they are full of the milk of human kindness, and are never in too big a hurry to prevent their doing a kind act. Still, they are in no sense demonstrative. I could imagine a group of the Hobart left standing before the gloomy grandeur of one of Salvator Rosa pictures or under the iuflueiioo-of-Raoliel-in-Phédre - if there wero"VRïchel now-and show their, appreciation only by a sigh of satisfaction. Still, none the' less "do v they appreciate; rather more. An audience of a thousand in Hobart does not represent a great deal of expressed enthusiasm, but it strikes a good > average of intellect. The lower classes are intellectually slower than in the other colonies. There is not the rush of life to brighten them. Some of them were never 10 miles out of Hobart, and talked of Sydney as though it were as distant as Spitzbergen. I started out to tell you where to go and' what to see, but I have not much more ? space. You will go to the Botanical Gardens, of course, where you will be more at home than in those of Sydney or Melbourne either. You will also go some day to the snuggest spot in the hills, the Cascade Brewery. It is a wonderful combination of beauty and beer. There is enough good architecture for a convent, and rumour hath it that the beer is fit for an abbot. Away up in the hills girdled by fields of grain and orchard trees and cool glens, it looks down over the city and the harbour, (secluded, yet in a position of vantage. The company has very great in- terest; and a capital of £225,000 in 150,000 shares, and if you will look in Walch's Almanac for 1887 you will find some information concerning it sandwiched between a notice of the Bible Society and a permanent building association. So much for good company. The place is worth a visit, because of the beautiful surroundings. You will go some day likewise to " Gentle Annie Falls at Fern Tree Bower, and he and count the great fern fronds and listen to the chatter of the brooks. It is a fairy glen with a touch of grandeur about it. Then go on down the Huon road, and for miles you will sit in a maze of wonder at all the beauty so lavishly strewn about. Wheel- ing round the curve of a licence wall, you will come full upon gorges where laurel, fern, myrtle, and tangled meshes of flowers crowd up to the giant gums that stretch up solitary and alone, as though they would dust the star drifts from the sky. Some of them look as if they had outgrown their clothes, and would like to crawl back again,- but nature permits no backing down. Enjoy this drive all you can, for it is the best in Tasmania. When you have crossed the Huon River, and reached Franklin, make a note of the fact, that instead of being born in 1858 you were born' in 1829 and stick to it all the time you are there, for the people may resent it if you do not. It is only 1858 there now, it is a Darby and Joan village that Goldsmith would have been delighted to visit. In fact, Goldsmith is your poet while you are in Tasmania and of these people he would have said Their wants but few their pleasures all confined." Do you believe in spiritual heroism ? Let me tell you something. There is a clergy- man at the Franklin who has a parish of 5,000 people, and he holds service 13 times a week, riding from one station to another, tireless and persistent, doing the Master's work. To gain an influence over the young men, be organised a brass band, and for a time taught them himself ; besides, he is an enthusiastic beekeeper, and writes articles on bees and natural history for the Hobart Mercury, i " He knew the right, and patient strove for It He felt men's needs, and ne'er withheld his hand ; He saw one star, and held his course to it He foreigner Is forgotten In the land " You must visit New Norfolk and the S ilmon Ponds, and if you are fortunate enough to have a companion as genial and ! unselfish as the Colonial Treasurer of Tasmania, you will perhaps enjoy it as much as Laid. If you go back via Melbourne you ' will think yourself sometimes in Kent as you pass through the hop district ; but do not be moved to pious tears when the guard announces Jericho and Jerusalem, or when you skirt Lake Tiberias. Bind on your sandals for a longer march. It is a false' alarm. s for ! < ' -" 