Santa Clans. WE heard a young gentleman the other day daring to ask questions about Santa Claw. Let our little friends by all means beware of unbelief in the pretty stories which children have been told hundreds and hundreds of yeara. Of course we have all read of the German legend of Santa Clans. Before going to sleep on Christmas Eve it is the custom for children to hang np their stockings at the foot of the bed or on the wall, and daring the silent hoijm of the night Santa Clans, so it is Btated, de scends the chimney to deposit in the stockings giftB for all good children, while if anyone has been naughty, the tiny white-bearded fat dwarf, St. Nicholas, will leave a nice stinging switch instead of sweetmeats. Master Horace said to his mamma, "I say, mamma, if Santa Olans is suoh a very little elf as you say he U, how could he climb np into my bed ?" This is very sad, for Horaco is only a child after aU; and yet he dares to doubt the story in which thousands of children in England, America, France, Belgium, and other countries firmly believe. Besides, will Master Horace be good e oagh to tell us where the bonbons, toys, and oranges come from? Can he deny that last Christmas morning both he and Elsie found all sorts of good things in their stockings, which were hung up at the foot of the comfortable, nicely-painted iron bedstead ? Who pnt them there if Santa Clans did not ? And if 8antft Glaus did not descend tho chimney as Horaoe insists he did not, for the best of all reasons, namely, that there iB no fireplace in the room, what does it signify ? Bless me, if S3 potent and good-natured a little mystery king as Santa Clans wanted to come into your room and be* Btow his favour upon you in the shape of pleasant gifts is there not the door, is there not the window, is there not even the keyhole ? We must not offend the kind-hearted Santa Clans by supposing that he would, under those' circumstances, fctop short of a keyhole or two, ard everybody knows that when fairies, and elves, and sprites, and the like come out of their wonderful realms of gossamer and light, and visit children's bedrooms in Brisbane or elsewhere, they will suffer no obstruction; even the disgraceful roads in tho north, so often re* j ferred to by our ountry correspondents, would not stop them, and if there were not only no chimney?, but no doors, and therefore no key holes, and no windows, Snnta Clans would, if he intended to come, still find means of entering your room without making the ghost of anoitt* Honce. who is rather a wilful little man, shakes his head and says he does not care; be will keep awake all night, and throw his shot at the mysterious visitor-but he artfully add* that he will keep qoiet until after thestookinn have been duly filled. Perhaps, therefore, will bebest to inform Horaoa ones for all that Sariti Clans is never seen by mortal eyes, and that little boyB and girls who have been known to keep awake by toruB, in order ,to see who really brings the gifts, always drop dead aeleep just before the presents begin to tumble into the stookings. (Adapted.) 