Mr. Smith Puzzles the Reporter. He cumo into the office, and, drawing a chair close up to a reporter's table, ho said to the reporter : " Take a bit of paper and I'll give you a good item." When the reporter was ready the visitor began : *' Yesterday afternoon, Mrs. Smith-my wife," you know-and my daughter drove out with my bay mare for a little ride. Jenny was driving the mare coming down from Airy to the Wissadickon, when, just below the crest of the hill, she kicked off one of her Bhoes." "Jenny did ?" " No, the mare. Mrs. Smith, however, concluded to go on, as the roads wore soft, and the mare quiet ; so Jenny let her proceed slowly down the V-A " Let Mrs. Smith or the mare ?" * " The mare, of course. A few minutes" later, however, while Jenny was stopping to pick some ferns for her mother, a fly or something bit her upon the nose." " Upon Jenny's nose or her mother's ?" "No.no! The mare's nose? bit the mare upon the nose, and Jenny hardly had time to got back into the carringe before she began to rear and plunge in a most alarming manner." " Not Jenny ?" " O pshaw ! the animal, the mare. Mrs. Smith, of course, was very much frightened, for the mare seemed real'y excited, and she began to scream violently, and to try to get out of the back of the carriage." "The mare did?" "Mrs. Smith. But Jenny told her she could manage the maro if she would sit still." " If the mare would sit-" ' "If her mother would sit still. But just then a \ \ buckle bioke and Jenny was unablo to prevent the V~* mare from dashing down the hill at a frightful pace. When they came to a bridge over the creek, Mrs. Smith was overjoyed observe the maro cometo a dead stop ; but, unhappily, the next moment a fit of blind staggers struck her and-" " Struck Mrs. Smith, or the *' Don't you understand ? Struck the mare ; ana before Jenny could comprehend the situation she reeled about upon the bridge in an uncertain way, while Mrs. Smith was completely unnerved and without self-control, and the next moment she turned an entire somersault over the side of the bridge into the water." "Aro you referring now to Mrs. Smith, or to Jenny, or the mare ?" '. Why, the mare ! Of course she dragged the carriage in with her, and Mrs. Smith and Jenny in it. All three sank to the bottom, but the mare almost immediately struck out for shore, and Jenny clasped her by the tail. As they swam past Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Smith ctutched at her dress-" " Not the mare's dress ?" " At Jenny's dress, and this forced her to lose her hold upon the tail." " I thought you said Jenny had hold of the tail ; not Mrs. Smith ?" " So I did. Mrs. Smith had hold of the-the-I . mean, yes, Jenny had hold of the mare's tail, and Mrs. Smith had hold of her dress." Ç_ "Whose dress-Jenny's or the-?" < " You know very well what I mean. Mrs. Smith rrfid on to Jenhy and Jenny on to the mare, but* Mrs. Smith pulled her loose, unintentionally, of course, and as th,e mare swam off Mrs. Smith said to her-" "To the maro ?" " You think you're smart now, don't you ? You know well enough I mean Jenny. I've got a notion to punch jour head for you, you scoundrel." " What did you say that for ?" "I came in here," said Mr. Smith, fiercely, to give you a first-rate item, and I was going to tell you what Mrs. Smith said about the mare being dragged from the water, and how she turned somer, saults all the way home ; but hanged if I'll do it now." ' " , The reporter rose slowly, and, elevating a ohair to ward off the missile, he calmly inquired-",What object had Mrs. Smith in turning somersaults all the,, way homo ?" ,.* Tlie people who saw Mr. Smith come downstairs and emerge from the front door says he looked as white as if he had seen a ghost. I 