POISONED ARROWS. IHAPTIR I,' THE FRnlEDS. J' was the first day of term, and Oxford won ,livn again after a long sleep of Pome months. Oloii tre mnd quadrangles w?roo repenpled, nnd huis) mo nin.r, -and bustling rcoute were moving hhller and tlii r w;th oarpet-h.l e and portmnnenus or trae an;d tanknrds. Frelshlmn were wolndering nhouot oni., and ntaring at the otrange new life about ti n; wi ; thomRello had alreadv been in reidelnce a terlm r ,o were shaking hnnds witih their nequ?nintnces in r "lb.t Talhot LIndsov had rri early in the d:i. v,,d had finished his unpnreing in time to lnve an ?'":r before aft moon clhapel; so le leant outof his wr,',1w on the recond floor of the Old Qund, and wsth'l1 the bustlo of new arrivals. Talbot Lindeay was a gontlemnn commoner of St. Ilubert's College, the eon of a weolthy to',,% !i.re quire , who sent him to Oxford to fini.h hi' edvoml i,. bur.did not care shout his wsrking hard. So l':I or had a very plneoant time of it i,.deeid, and o:'l nil,,tiil by the dons to do cxneFly ns he lil led; and 1 i h photy of toony, no recrnsely for rending hard. and vtn immunity from the attentionn of tie eelate ni.thoritir., a lifoe at Oxford is unalloyed luop;liln.! Tn.lbot .na. populae in coh . nas u;ight be oxple:lrt, for he we generous in his r?pport of the ebrn. nl Illhe e:i, : t club, and. moreover, gave nllly W inn elpp-rs. nod I n never without a box of cigara on I:i tlall, r.- hn,"o. No wonder he was pntolpur! lo on:l, v .na f~or-,i'r what, in a umnll college, is generally loS:ed up perfectly unpardonable-the vuo.?enion of r.n inthi:.m bosom friend ann in.,nparn?ln comnanioa. This Irielirl was Marcus ]:ly, a youlrg Irinhlnn, ? n, wen a rcbolar of St. Ihubtert's. Ite was not partaighl lIv w it off, and he wsas expelctd hv his fatoher to rald f,.r honours and get a fellloihin, for tha fmilv fiy n but n ?or one, with a dilaplidaued and encutln'erl d e all e ill po erary 3lnutarcus waon never intended for a rending man. He had been well crmenlld ly Itllher Mtah,.ny. ,:a old friend and complnion of Slllare Dal's: but when Ic had won his scholar's gown and co'me into reeid i.e, and was beyond reach of the good falher'n tr.rhi c. his impulrivo nature lshok alli the tralllmnls of shly, and he gave tlnlelf np to till the injoyl entl s f "a unirnraity life. lie and Tllhot .inle?y w"ere tlrOwn together by cneident in their irst. terrl, took an immense liking to one nlothc", and hecamo woarm friends. "Hillo, boy! lhoorny l' 0?hiuted 'Tl'hot from his window on the firt day of term, as hie eaw lMarcus turn into the Quad from tIli porter s g?,oe. "iHurool" elol'ed inar:us. runlllg up-?a-nirs, bounding into the room, ind ohlloling his friend warmly by the hand. "And what's the news of you, old hOy?" Ilcied Taibot. "Take a weed, and x1ill is ill about it.." You see, Talbot and his friend, like eeprible t1n. flavor wrote letters to enoh other durllilng tile veeoti:ns they spent apart, so they had plenty to ta,k nhort. "News and plenly f' ?ild i):Ily, ligi ilg a rigelrr s nd sitting down on the winllow l. alt ner Talbot. "tNews, and plentyl What do you think? l'ml engaged to be married !" "Whow!" whistled the other. "What on earth's the meaning of that, you henailnng ilbernian ?" "Welll,upon my oul, I cr?n hardly tll yonl how it hapoened. We were n lrown together a ?oov d del'1 at Inth, where I was stlayint with my unchl, tolde Oeerallt Daly, and somehow we fell in lon?o; ,it. least, sth was the bello of thie place, and nit il the clhalp were after her. so I just followed the faslion, and we got to like one another, and I was a bit rot on to try and out outli the other fellora; and egnad! one day we found otrvelves engaged, much to the disgust of her father and llep mother, but that only mado it tha more jilly." "IHow about the fellownhip, old boy? You den't keep that-if you get it--when you mnirry." "lHang the fellowthiplt I shall reCd hard, and go in for honours in law. I thaven made up my mind to ge to the bar. Tlhey sny Irilhmten alwnay do well there." ".That's no compliment to 'em, by lovo!" said Talbot, "but I darn say it will hb all right in the end." "Faith, I hope no," enid the other, with the noeasy philoroply of youth and healt d lt. "And what have you been doing, Tailbot?" "Oh, knocking about in the yacht. I haven't gono and got engnged to anybody. I suppose rou'il be always writing love letters now a-days, and thern'll be no more boating or cricketing, oil ?" "Well, of coureo I shall write to her nvery day, but that won't tako long." "Won't it, though ? Iowever, if you haven't quite forsworn rational amrusements, I have a esleildid notion." "If you call your nmuseomont rational, why, I'ro no objection to shoring then,." ,'That's right! Well, then, here's my notion. You kn ow we have both of tius been wishing to win a tanka d, but, unfortunately, should have no chanc in thu fours or tioe pair- oar raco; suppose you and I hauv a ranel" "It would be ouch a lot of bother; and besides, you'd be snro to bent me; I never could scull." "Scull, indeed! You'veo thick head enough, youv old noodle! You haven't tile patience to listen to ihe regulations. What I proplos is a punt rnlcn tt Ile Oherwell. Tho prides, quart tankards (aill properly engraved, with thie arms, &'.), one for the first man and one for tile second, and, to simplify nmatters, we are to race in the same punt." "A cnpital idea," naid Manrcus, laughing; "when is it to come off ?" "To-morrow, if you like, after that long letter's written. But there goes the clhapel bell. Run up and slip on your surplice. I'll stroll slowly across Quad, and you'll catch me up." OIIAPTIIR IL T ' COUulN8. LARO IYoLo?tn, to whom iMarcis Daly wor or gaged, was a pretty blonde. Her fathir was retired Bristol morbhnnt,who had made a colonIal fortlne. After the death of Lnura's mother, ho ihad married a second time. His first marriage had been for love, in the old days of his early sltruggles; this marringe wass ta nar ringe for position. Tie HIon. Mlrs. MtilcoinIIon was the daughter of a Scoltch peer, and the widon of ilt Under Secretary, and she moved in good society. Mir. Holume brought her money, and shel gave himn a plhce in the world. Unforlunately, a fashionable lifo did not suit him. His health gave way, and heo was ordered to tlth to take the waters. Ilia wife could not coment to leanr London in the height of the i nson, so oho--(nou will guess se wans Commander in-Chief-sent her husband down into the country, with his daughter and his niece, and remained on town until society broke up its YCr. Irolmo's nieco was his ssler's child, who had been left an orphan. Amy Buller was i merry, giddy girl; withl a pretty face and a ready tongue. Ilsr new aunt had no love for her, and her uncle wop half afraid to show any tenderness to her, while Atmy, being wealthy as well as pretty, completely rclipsed her in the world. Amy Butler' life was not a very happy one, though her laugh was 0o ready and her cheek so rosy. When first MLarcus Dly mar.do their nacqaintanse, he so fairly divided his attentions between lttl conslin, with all the gllantry of his natIon, that ihe complletly won Amy's heart; butt it was only to wrilng it withi a more intense pang, when he began to obow marked attention to caurn. "I am not jelous of her," e?,id Amy to hlerself, as she nat weeping in the silence of her own room0, after Lourn had told her that Mnrcus had nasked her to be his-" I am not jealous of her. She might lnhave won all hearts but his. I am eure that at first he liked m,, best." And Amy was perhnes right, Mnrcus had been smitten with the gay and cheerful disposition that re minded him of the daurhtera of his own people. But when he fountd how many w.ro conltending for Laurn's sEmile, he tried-at first from vanity and a spirit of emulation-to win it; ord, gradually warming with uEucnes, at Ilst he found himself the accepted lover of the bello of the eeneon. You may be euroLaurn's stepmother was highly in dignant wnhon she learnt what had pagosed. She hn?d ;eomo down to Ilath lafter the closing of Par liament, when the iark was deserted, and the opera wnas doing oextra nights at play-house prices. She found Laura engaged to her youno Irish adven' lurer, and Mr. lolnmo quietly anequieemg, thoughl for from pleased at his daughter's choice. There was a grand eno, you may be sure. Iuit Lamura had a spirit of her own, and Marcus was not the man to be diehoertenod by opposition. On tlhe cestrary, it gave fresh zest to nu attachment rhich ulas just threatening to droop a little in the full sunshine of pIrolsperity, and needed the refreshlment of an adverse otormt or trwo. lveu IMr. IHolmo, having been talked into complirutco by his daughter before his wife's arrieal, was too hIonourablo a man of business to withdraw his sanction, eon under the tmost awful pressure on the part of the Commander-in-Ohief. Tilhe Comtmaner-in-Ohief was, therefore, compelled to givo hier unwilling snection to the engagement; but nho took care to fetter ler eanction with so many con ditione, that abhe felt hopeful of a chance of breaking off thbo natchb. frennwhile poor Amy continued to nuro in secret her affection for the first man who had ever paid her any atltertion, but who, alnne! ne, ohll felt, loot to her -worst than nest to her-engaged to her colsin. It was sore nnguishI to her to rc is lts etters arrintldaIily for 1 aur.-to think that witll hls n ecxt r nertionr rot i berroeowed trrlod rnrruirhtof rcr hi:a par.l r ttt the little lnrvinet cvtre r;n n e'a f denrit:ra, whir'r:h i bad once dreatedt of as ice oar. It is tearcely n in'atbr of surprire that Amy, dill riniaing thire out, nerd temlblance of her o l.l clheerurlnrtrs, rr ,r'ldi are felt tIr nature chlng'd end nd her hecrth rownn hard. It war with a pi'dties errtiF.action that ln e learn.rel before long that tLara, too, n-as unhalppy. Mnrrer's daily letters t.nd grown chlli trod forctd, and at inst ce.ned to be daily ones. Laura .egaln todread acrhnogr in himt ; ay. fancied that she found a chntge in I.er eelf. Wao it peroiblel that thy hald mliriken their feelings? ElIe alke'd hereelf. But pride choked drlwn thile nnsawer--thlor weron .neOrr rld--coamittdl tri their egreemct for ?r ntoend ill. She Irfeted the trarnoe of the worrld's dt-cvering their mialfko more "lrt, . the certain. nrery that lnust t rcomel if tile error were peritlerd in. Though lth believed Marcus no Ilonger lortd tree. and though ahl found tlhrt nel, could betl:ev tht a ,d l- r-thlougrh, in short, shoe colr not hitnd Iereell to tl growing indiffreneo on ho'll site, she clung to the delusion, and deteermined to maker herself as - ell as MaIrcu ehear out tile engergetment othelltlter, rather thln ortlfie the a 6neers of her oteptel)lOther or the lInghter of hIr friede. larctis' slette:s. as I have s id, droprped off firct in interest and then in frequency. IIe antd Talbot Lind Eay, onsro togetier again, fell into their old wayS. Tlro scheme of reading for honoura in law was nhtlre,doerd : tIhe future rmust provide for itself. Mean. time, in tile pleasures of tile .rrtenrt even the pleasant past was t)becomingr for ott,'nl. Nererthrler, ftfarcue was no t tneresv about the ritate (f hsia feeling.-, or drennorrl of sorieceting that rLaua nrrteed anry arern-. lion in tl nri. lShe wl s v ry tond tof thi? , r ,e ;?.r::rrlht. -noel net' arorengne?d--r;,I runi day they would b:n :r. rri d. ?Ic:l:tin-. I,. Iul a lc; O i fthoer hair and her portrait; he wroto to her ocenioeudlty, nad was regarded with an admiring Eortof wonleer y (lio he ld who klnew of hsi engagerment. It, was plevsnant at Oxforrt in term titme, and it would be plearnnt to go dow. in meantion tiono anld dream away theo dthre near Laurn, findiing n addi!ionol relish in tire dr?liko of Lsura's stepmother for hiae. Su?,lipped away a year, and the long vncation carme round again. Mr. rl[rhne's lealth had hren had, and he wtas ordered this time to try seaenir for a chango. The family were going down for some montbsto Cltiffhavcn, on the roart of Suseex. "Tallot. where are you going this van.?" asked Marcus of his friend when he caeeto up to breakfast: the two friends always breatkfn.ted together. "D.n't know, old hoy. I ishall eruiso about in the old ?ncht, I fancy. Why?" ' Irars you selected a oruising ground ?" " ?No." "Then what do you say to Iho cront of Sussex, with Clifflrave for headrquarters? Tie hlrnoes are going tlore to stay, and we might have a jolly teue of it. l.arnra Ihas a pretty cousin, by theo way.' " Very good to think of me. I might find it rather rIow to potter about periwinklepih'king, while toru and yore beloved were spooning. But friehndrbilp is nllth, g without nacrifices, and there's capital fishing off Giil haven, so '11 write to the skipper to bring Ilte tl.rha:l round to London, and we'll sail for the Sussex shore as aon as Colections have ceased from troubling, and Commteroration is at retl'" OTIAPTER IIL. A FrLA811 OF LIOuITINGa ON THE t81th)OR OlntrrtnAVR is a delightfully quiet little mea-porrt, lying in tl:o centre of a tiny bay. It is not a farhionablo place itself, Ibut it in not very far from onee that is. It to a placid little port, where you are not bound to makeo four toi!ets or ro a day, whero battered mnariners are not for over essaying to persnadr o yo into taking a rail. I don't think tho natives know how to minkr lhell-work--I'n eutro theny have not learnt how to take ovr r-rlerges. Thoro nre not many lodging-houleoo in the little remicircl that faces the sea; thIere art bullt. feour htlthingemaclhies ; thre enoasles and scarlet fever virit it not; and the excursionistcotnes not th:ter, for the rail does net ruinaithin somdo?rzen miles of it. About nall this Talbot Lindrny cared little. Ilit chief nnxiety was to learn if there was good enchtonren? for his pretiy little yacht, the tlrueerll. But to Marco. )aly the discovery that Oliffaveon wao a very quiet noed little-frequerted plneo, wans tlrrticularly wetlcome. IIH had not minded how rmane y swains thoro were eigh ing at Lnllra's feet when be hwotr er heart. at Bath, but now tlhmt they were afflinced Iho felt a tierco jealonusy if lie earw er receiving attentions frorm any other rean -anrd, trutlh to tell, she avoe him frequent cause for j ao.rusy, for she was t aflicreo with that worst of all eravings, a craving for ndmiration. For a few short weeks all wront fairly enough wilh the visitors to Cliffhaven. Even that vexatious per snrlage, Laura's step-mother, could not disntrh the oerenity. Shei was eomowhaeot mollified by the ressence of Talbot Lindray, who took pains to be polite to liar. lte did not like Amy Butler. When well-meaning friends Ibring two people together with the obvious purpooo that they should fall in love, it generally Iappens that one-if not both--will run iltetothe oppo site extreme, and this was the ease with Talbot. Amy, one tie other hand, without really caring for Talbhot, eot herself seriously to the task of trying to win him. Ite was rich, and a gentleman of good famnily: if she Eecured himr, lilo might sneer at her cousin's long and hopeleso engagement to a beggar. lesides nho could estrango Talbot from Marous Daly, tho man who had wronged her. Laurrns step-mother, without knowing anytlhing of thle bitter impulses at work in Amy's heart, saw the girl was endeavnuring to captivate Talbot, and was angry to think that so eligible a match should be lost by Laura's folly, and allowed to drop into the laep of Adny, for whom the good lady entertained a warm avernion. utrt Tellbot Lindsay was not to be won by all the pretty artiicers Amly could bring to work upon hitm. Ile avoidd liher as ntuch as possible, prying all his attention to Laurrr or her sntp-mothor. Amy seed to bite her thin lips, and stnrrp her little foot angrily, when she saw thow he evaded all her ndvanres. " letrhall speak to me," said nhetoheerelf, as nntilng the direction in which he was strolling along the baerth, she hurried on under the cliffs, and seated herseRlf, book in hand, on thlo steps of a bathing machine full rt his path. Lindsay, strolling onquietly, at lIst saw her engrosnsed, as he supposed, in a novel, and quietly umdo ia drttor, as heI believed, unnoticed. To his surpriseo , Amy rose and walked straight towards him--her face flashed and her eyes flashing. Thero was nothing for it ibut to stand and wait her attack. " It is not particularly courtcous, Mr. LindEry, to avoid tme as if I were a pestilence." "A most charming disorder!" said Talbot, laugh ingly, with a glance at her hair, which was blowing about trer shoulders in regular eea-aide fulhion. " lut the fact is, I cERw yo0 deeply engrosoed in a novel, and I know how dangerous it is to intrude on young ladies under suclh circumatolrces." " Mr. Lindrny, I am no fool, and rsuch excuses do not deceive me. I amt not always reading novels; but you invariably avoid mie!" " Pardon te, Miss 1lutler, nothing could beo further frorm my intentiona; if I am-" " PIray do not trouble yourself to invent excusesr. I know, perfectly well, that you dislike mee, and pre'or paying attention to my aunt, or Laura." " I amn, urely, hound to be the devoted nlave of the fianlee of my dearest and most intimato friend." " You are too good, sir," said Amy, fiercely; " but woro I the dearest and most intimate friend, I should renarcely ppreciateo it!" Talbot winced. Only a minute ago.as hm a wanwlk tng on teo rore, ho lad been ahing hiumself if he had any right to find such secret delight in perforrming the slightest roervice for Laura; and rnow htrowns another bringing the same aceusation rgaiFnrt him! Amy eaw that her arrow-aimed at rnedrem, prrincipally --had smitten a joint of Talbotoa armouer, aend slhe followed up her advantago. "I nm glad yoe have the grace to blush. For shame, Talbot Lindeay I And becaum I have tried to distrlct your gizo from her, out of friendship to all, you hate me, and think mo forward!" T'eltrtt shook his head, and made a gesture of de1preention. Amy drew another arrow. " It is ihard," she said, with a sudden and dan gerours ter:dornees in her voice, "that the friend, thle brother of oneo who is shortly to obe my near kinsman, ref.rcos me his-his friendship." rJ.albot clutched at the word, as dying men do at straws. "l: rdeced, the most sincoro friendship, Mitt Batler--" " 1 will not haveno it," caid Amy, sharply, stung by his reartilnes to adopt the cold word "friendohlp; and: thon, returning to her guard--"It would be trra.rou to thlat kinrrnn. Friends! No, neror friends, Mr. L;ndenay. Andif not friends-foes!" Shte turned to go away. Talbot was spe.chles. " " trust to your honrrour, sir," said Amy, pauseng, as hile euiledr oure of aotion majestically, " that you ri!ll not repeat a wo.d of what has passed. Let my worms ware you fromn the dishonour that besetsyoul I 'Talbot hl wed, in silonce.o OHA.YTI?.' IV. A PEnzLouO Ta014. '' WhAT a strange girl l" said Talbot to himself, nsho sjt it the open window of his lodgings, smoking a cigar and watching the big drops of naudden thunder showor beat on the white pavement, evoking the grateful incense of the thirsting earth. "What a etrango girl! By Jove, she frightened me-anod all becanuse she thinks I am too attentive to her cousin! Am I ? That is just the question. No; surely I can't be. It's true I was just wondering why it was so dear a pl,?nure to me to attend to her slightest want, and onticipate her least wish-but, then, that is a secret in my own breast. Ihave paid her nomore than the attention I should pay to a girl who is to be the wife of my dearest friend. Shall I spenk to Daly ? 'You will not repent a word of what has passed,' she said; so I suppose I had better not. Besides, Marcus has a strong touch of the jealous in his eature, and it would be unkind to him to rouseoit whebon truly there is no necessily-when truly there is no necessity," he repeated to himself with emphasis, as if he had half doublted his own words, and stood in need of con?tacing. At this moment the door opened, and Marcus came in with an open letter in his hand. "Talbot," said he, with a grave face, and in an unsallv solemn tone, " Talbot!" Hiti friend looked up, and started, as if with a guilty conscience, as lie saw his grave expression. " This is ill owne, Talbot! I here just been to the post for the letters, and Father Maurice writes that my father is dangerously ill-not expected to live!" Talbot could hardly repress a sigh of relief: he had feared that the letter contained some allusion to thbo topic of his conversation with Amy. In face of such mtedtbitions as he had been indulging in, a mo.n's fesra and sorrows grow selfish. "My poor fellow," said he, mastering his emotion, "that is sad news. What shall you do ?" " Go hom," said the other, in a btusy voice. Talbot rose and looked out of tho window at the shy. "The wind serves. Supposo we go on board. The LlulAct will run from here to Ireland in no time-in far lecs tinn than it will take you to go by rail." And Talbot Lindsay was almost grateful for the elmunity which was to give him an escape from Olifflhaven. But Manrcn hleitated. " I could not take you home, Talbot. My home is a poor one enough at best of times, but now-" " Oh, I should but putyou ashore at the nearestport to your jhoinie; and then- why, then I could cruise round the coast of Ireland-I've never been there:'." '" Talbot, will you do me n EervicA 1" " Whit service won't I do for ,u, old boy I" "Sl ay here, then, and watch over Laura." Talbot Lindnay felt a fever dart through his veins and leavee him cold as ice. " But-" he stammered, "h but-why ? Surely there's no need-I notan there is nobody here-why! Oh, yen knowi what I lmean !" "I relieve, Tal',ot, that that cursed old woman hins beetn working on Laura. I don't think she cares for me ass the used." " i)o you care for her as much?" sprang to Talbot's lips. Ite was hardly aware of what he said; but his wI wordt burprised lhim. - " I don't know. Have you noticed anything ?" asked .lareur', without seeming offended at the question. ".ut that ihas nothing to do with It. An engagement is an engagement; and I will neither be driven from it nor jilted : I won't, by Heaven! And I suspect the old cat would take advantage of my abseonc-even at my fathler's deathbed-- to bring down some of her fine rich friends, ntd take advantage of this quiet place to suppllant m.." " And are you not assured enough of Laura's constancy ?" " 'ilo constncy of woman! Buit you'll stay, won't you, T'lbot ?" Li.deny felt hto could not refuso; but he felt Ia di-tsmal forehl ding of ill as Ihe premised. "Ani if I may." continued iDaly, "I will take the yneht, and tend I:er back with news." The next morning Mnarou sailed. It was a low spring tide, and the waters had gone out so far that there was a wide stretch of sand between the eod of the tiny pier and the waiting boat from the Bll",rcill. Laura and Talbot Lindenay stood at the end of the pier to watch Marcus's departure. As Marcus reached the wator's edge he moet Amy, who was apparently engaged in looking for shells and sro-weed. lie stopped and bade her good-bye. " I will take care of Laura while you are gone," she esid, nos they shook hands. " I have left Talbot Lindeay to watch over her." Amy smiled bitterly, and with a quick goatreo pointnd to the pier-head "SoIseef Lookl" Laura was leaning on Talbot's arm, and looking up into his face; Talbot was looking at Marcus, ann nondering, not without misgiving, what Amy was eating. ' Look I" repoated Amy. uMarcue looked, and bit his lip. " Well, I have just left them," he ,aid, with on nosumied air of carelessness. "Marcus Daly, yon're a fool, and blindlI said Anmy; and with that she walked away. But she had shot her arrow at the mark this time, and its barb was rankling in Marcus's heart as the white sail of the Blluebell disappeared round the tall headlagd otthl western extremity of Cliffhaven Bay. HAPTIER V. n PAINUoL nTRIA, Mlncem DAhrr found his father dangerously ill In his trouble and anguish-for he wasa devoted son he soon forgot all about Laura and Talbot. The poison of Amy's arrow found an antidote in a grief which made him remember only the sympathy and generoaity of his bosom friend. Ho wrto often to T"'lbot--short and hurried notes, wherein he sent moessages to Laura, to whom he said ho could not write as he wished. And day by day his fatherwas sinking beyond hope of recovery, suffering so terribly that Marcue felt that the kindest, truest prayer his love could utter was for the old man's speedy release. And at length itcame. Ho died in his son's arms; and Marcus, after waiting to see him eonsigned to the nocestral vault In Rosmoro Ohurch, began mournfully his journey back to Oliffhaven. But while he had been watching by the death-bed as the lifo slowly and gradually flickered out, by the sea side lifo had been moving onward with the speed of sono flierce conflagration that scours over a western prairie. Marcus had guessed rightly whoen he conjectured that Laura's stepmother would take advantage of his absenc to invite down some fascinating friend from town. Sir Frederick Totton was a wealthy young baronet, and a thorough lady's man. He had been greatly impressed with Laura when he met her in town ; and as the fact of heronggement had been con cenlkd from him, he took his invitation to pay the IolImes a visit at Oliffhaven as an implied approval of his suit. Ito came down prepared to conquer, and lavished his attentions on Laurna, to whom they were, and always had been, particularly distasteful. Now she positively hated himn forcoming down to see them. She avoided him as much as possible, and endeavoured to find a refuge with Talbot. But Talbot had learnt to read his own heart now, anid felt his danger. Yet being bound to mount guard over her, he was obliged to do something to protect her from Sir Frederick's pursuit. The 1ltbell had reutroed from Ireland (how he had regretted his parting withll her, for she would have been a refuge for him to fly to from danger on shore!) soon after Sir Frederlok's arrival; and Talbot, having entrapped theb obliging baronet into a declaration that he delighted above all things in yachting, used to carry him off to sea-where the poor fellow suffered fearfully-at everyopportunity. If Talbot had learned to read his heart now, Laura had road here too; and she found that its one dream of delight was Talbot Lindsay. And when passion is master of a woman's heart, all other considerations meltat its touch. She thought not, cared not for any thing--she rechked nothing that this man whom she would win was the friend of her lafianced, and that he must betray his friend in returning her love. The colh considerationo of honour were swept away by the fierce tide of an ardent nature eatting irresistibly towards the chosen one. Talbot had now two diliculties to contend wilth. Since she could not haven his companionship without that of Sir Frederick, she made herself agreeable to the latter, and insisted on his sacrificing his love of yachting and stopping on shoro-which he did with a ready compliance at which (knowing how he enjoyed the tea!) Talbot could not but smile, So Laura gained her point, and hokept Talbot Lind say near her. But in so doing she gavo Sir Frederisk such encouragement that the little man was only to be kept from proposing by Talbot's never leaving them alone. But Talbot was ompollod to asomemo a coldness towards Laura, which almost maddened her. She had that wonderful feminine instinct which told her Iheo was. not indifferent to her, and she determined to try and driove him to anaeowal by workingonhinjealousy. Sho beaenme so gracious to Sir Frederick Tatton, that the little man was half bsido himself with joy. A fast and furious flirtation was carried on to theb delight of Laura's stepmother, the bewilderment of Amy, and the alarm aUd agnopy of Talibot Lideatn. .: At last Talbot felt ho mtist speak to LnurN, so he Eeized an opportmnity when she was waiting on tho beach. Itwas notwithout difficulty that he approached the subject. IBut at last he contrived to stutter out that, being loft to guard the honour and interests of his friend Daly, he must interfere, and entreat her not to compromiso hborelf with Sir Frederick Ta' ton. Lau:a burst into an indignant invectivoe gainst Marcur -many of her complaints being, as Talbot could not but feel, only too well grounded. But he hoeged her for her own sake to pause nnd reflect. She thll turned upon him, and called him a spy and detective, but broke down in the middle and burst into tears. "Sheo did not caro what became of hor-shle wa despised by the man shebo loved, and was utterly care less about the future!" Finding that hbe was not progressing, Talbot tried another tasook, and, half-amused, half-ashamed at taking resort in such bluster, he hinted that he should feel it his duty to challenge Sir Frederick. The threat had an unexpected effect-terrified at the thought. of the danger towhieh she hnd exposed him,Laurn turned suddenly pale, and would have fainted, had he not supported her. When she recovered a little, they conv reed more quietly and rensonably. He placed her conduct before her in the right light, and assuming the posi tion of an elder brother, gavoe her earnest advice and kind counsel. Under this fiction he was enabled to speak of her feelings for him ns if they were enter tained towards Sir Frederick. With the quick tact of a woman she understood him, and he spoke no generously, so nobly, that she felt abased-felt un worthy of him, and promised, with bitter tears, to be guided by him, and abido by her engagement with farces. " You won't tell him of what has happened? Promise you will not." Talbot promised; and then, having achieved this victory for his absent friend at the price of his own happiness, he felt that he might bear away front the interview some little shade of consolation as well as his deep wound. Ito bent over Laura's hand, and imprinted a single kiss upon it. In that kiss was a history that Latir's heart uinderstood. At the very moment when Talbot kissed Ln:urds hand, Amy turned the corner of a rock hard by, and saw them. It was like a stab to her heart. Soe staggered back behind the rock without their seeing her, and gave way first ton flood of tears, and thenou to Slit of fury. " Poor, pitiful knave!" she ranid to herself, as she hurried nomeward; "betrayer of your friend, coward, end liar, you shall suffer for this!" And thou shbe reproached herself for speaking as of him, and then sgain rejoiced to think she would be able to break off ;heo malch between Marcus and Laura. " Good heaveno l" she asked herself, as she soueht the stillness of her own room, " what has come to me ? Do I love Talbot Lindony ? or do I love Marcus Daly ? or do I hato them both ? I cannot toll-I cannot tell -I cannto tell!" And, in truth, the state of that woman's mind was not it eunvible one. CHAPTER VI. TYIn DInURSTvN Or THE STOR!t. PAronoT took Laura home, and went in ecarch of Sir Frederick, whom hetook aside, and confided to him the secret of Laura's engagement. Sir Frederick was a gentlemnn, and at once protested that lie had tio inten tion of urging his suit further. Ifo was naturally indignant at Laura and ather stepmother for the deceit they had practised on him. Soohe took achloisoto the nearest station, and sent his man to the Holles for his luggage, with a note, eeuasing his suddon departure on the plea of urgent business in London. Not long after, Marcus wrote to say h was en routse for Cliffhaven; and if he had been a bombshbell his arrival could scarcely haveo been expected with more nervousness. Laura looked forward painfully to the performance of the task sloe hbad set herself, of assuming the appear anco of love for her betrothed. Her stepmother, resolved not to speak of it herself, expected an out break on the store of SirFrederick's visit. Amy could not but tremble to think of the discord from which she was to win-she knew not what; and Talbot looked forward untasily to the timoe when he would be called on to give an necount of his guardianship. At last Marcus came, and was received by Laura with a warmth that made him feel that after all he loved lier very dearly. Her stepmother, in hopes of oppe ,sing his comoing wrath, was very gracious; and Talbot was, in spite of his trust, unaffectedly glad to see his friend again--the more especially as his return would set him free to fly from a place where he had suffered so much. lMeanwhile, for the first evening of his return, Amy forbore to launch the tlundertlolt she held in her hbnd. That night, on their return to their lodgings, Marcus questioned Talbot about Laurn's canduct during-his absence. Talbot, strive all he could, war unohle to conquer some hesitation in speaking of Laura; lie halted n lie, and the suppression of all nmention of Sir Frederick Tatton was, he fe!t, a lie. Marcous went to bed diturbed in mind, and, as he tossed uneasily, the recolbetion of Amy's words, as lihe left for Ireland, clle hbe a to his m amory. le slept but little thiat night;. but. he was stirring early, paeing the sands in a fever, with the cool sea breeeo vainly fauning his forehead. There was another of. ot early, who bad slept little all night. Amy had rxed her own soul with then revival of love n hich ehe noticed between her cousin and Marcus, and o so ore to toll him all in the morning. " Malrcus Dtly," said she, as they mect, " do you remember my words when you left here? They have come true. Your fril tn ILts In rayed you, atnd waon the heart of your bridt, th:t -hou'd be. I have seen them-I swear, as I live, I have seen thetms-kissing, not a hundred yards from here !" Ite caught, her by the arm fierrely, and looeted earnestly into her rto=. She lore lois grasp unflnoCh ingly, and as an tlinetogly be::reo so ge:ze. 0.'tlthout sprakig, g.h turnd'o ::.oad troede ay ,?towrds Loaura's houseo. Laura met him at tL to .:do. I'i the dscl light of Ohe lod?ino-houne passage eie s could not ree his facfu ao nlio cmame forward unsuspioioustl, holling up nor face to be kissed. He drew himself up. "Your assumed affection is a mookery, girl. TYou bave decoirad me-betrayed me grossly, cruelly. Nay, do not deny it! I have board all-I know all !" Laura sank back against the wall, trembling, almost fainting. " Who could have told him?" was the flratthought 'hat sugtge'ted iteolf; anod then came the rcfl:tsion, " IHe has just left Talbot Lindsay. Tallot Lindoey. has broken faith with me!" In an instant ler love wans turned to bitterness. The spot ono her hantd that he had touched with his lips burned like fire. Shel remembered nothing, save a desire to avenge herself on the false triendt "I confess it," she said, turning to Mfarcus, with pale lips, "I confess it. But ask your friend how he has keplt his trust! " "Thou le has dnared tobotray the confidence I reposed in him! " he hissed. " Yes," oho murmured faintly. She hoard Marcuo ay, " Farewell!" and then the door slammed. When her stepmother came down she found her on the floor in a dead faint. Marcus rushed like a whirlwind to find Talbot, Burating into the room, he assailed him with a tierce torrent of abuse, that completely overwhelmed him. " Who has said this?" was all he could ask. "Dare you deny it? You have profited by my ahseonce to rob iou of Loaura's love. You have botrayoed te, and trifled with my honour. And yet, wheon I came hoback and questioned you of your trust, you lied, and gave back to me nos blamoeless the wonman whoso lipls nhave been preaod by your treacherous kisees!" " Who dares say this ?" thundered Talbot. "Who? The'roman herself!" Lindonay sank back into his chair thlunderstrol0. "Did Laura say that?" he murmured. "Sie did! " "Then I have no more to say! l "You know how this must be answerede sald tfarcus, collecting himself with a mighty effort. "II yeou are not a coward, you will sail with mu to the coast of Franc over yonder, where we can settle our quarrel without intlOrruption." OHAPTCRI VIT ArroT eTORn, CALr, LinTirrt skimmed the Bluebfll over the aancing waves of tboe Clhannel, and little did those who swatched her white asoils bollyiag to a favourable galo guess tlhat the errand on which she waos speeding waos ous of death tot of oleasure. " Parker," said Talbot to hIis seipper as he left the ldeck, "I nm going nslore with Mr. Daly, and it is porsilole Iiony be detained. If I do not return with thim. you are to consider yourself under his orders," Illtrcus, who nos stnnding by, appreciated the gogo euily of this orrangooen t, and bowed. IHe had been hrologhlt up ill Irelond, whero dluolling had boon a law 'of honoor long after it lhad enasoed to be so held ii I.eoglind, nnd hle had been nccoustomed to Iear it spotkhn of with admiration, nud described as bravoannd tlivalrous. Two sharp roeporta ! So cloue together are they, that to an unpracticed ear they might ipas for but one. "Steak, 'Talbot LitodJty! speak to me!" say:s Ilareus, hoarsley, as he kneala o tlhe soand, beside thl body of his friend, whoose blood, ooziotg slowly from a wound in his side, is spreading intongbastly blotch on his white shirt. "Speak, Taloot Lindsay " Daly repeats nervously. tut there comes no answer from the white lips: there is no movement .t the heart. "And he diep with a smilo on his lips, snays Daly, as, renresaing with dificulty a desire to kiss his dead friend, he rises from his knees. An hour afterwards he has re- traversed the shore to the spot where he landed from the Blulncbell. Tho crew see him, and a boat puts off. " Mr. Talbot not coming, sir?" asks one of the sailors. Daly shakes his bead. In a few minutes he has regained the deck of thbo ycht. The anchor is hauled up, tbo sails are spread, and once more the blithe little barque makes the water laugh under her bows, as she tacks back towards the white cliffs of England. And the body of Talbot Lindeay is stretched on the sand of a foreign shore, and the tide is hurrying up before the wind. From ridge to ridge it steals up word; and now it lifts his listless hand, now runs hissing up to the whito face, and breaks, hissing in the deaf ear. Presently it wraps him in a shroud of white fonam, and, beforo long, lifts him on its green bosom, and floats him out to sea. A great grey gull swoops down to see what the tide hb e ot; sees the form of a elan, and darts up with a shrill pipe. And so Talbot Lindsay lies rocked on the rolling wave, and after storm is calm! Marcus Daly lands once more at Oliffhaven, and he seeks Laura. He tells her that he has killed Lindsay, and that his anger is satisfied : and he will pardon her and keep his troth. But she shrinks from him in horror and aversion. She cowers, crushed under the thought that she has brought Talbot to his death. She shudders as Marcus approaches her, and stretches out her arms implor ingly, to keep him off. "Go, go! There is blood on your hands, murderer!" Then Marcus solemnly takes out her locket, which he worn over his heart, lays it on the table, and say ing. " All is over between us for over," stalks out. And who should meet him on the strand but Amy? To her he tells what he has already told to Laura ; and tells her, too, that he and Laura are plighted no longer. "Killed! Dead! Talbot Lindsay deadl!" screams Amy, and faints away. When she recovers, she attributes her fainting to her terror at the danger to which Marcus has been exposed. She does not shrink from him. She says hoe has done right, and that were she a man she would do the same. Her words reassure Marcus, and give him strange comfort, for his conscience has been crying aloud to him of lato. But her voice silences it, and he is grateful; and the gratitude changes into the old, old love he had for her first of all. Ho is freeot o loves her, and he may tell her so. And she listens with bursts of tears; and at lnst flings herself into his arms, and hides her face on his breast. " Mine!" she nsas. He cannot sea her face, or the expression of it would torrifyhim. He does not notice the liorce tone of triumph in her voice. So they plight their troth by the sea; and Marcus is to geta licence, and they are to be married at once, and go to Ireland. Meanwhile, Lanra has stolen off to her room, where she lies on her bed moaning, for she is struck down with fever. c1HAPTER VIII. ) rwtes. IT is the fall of the leaf, and the scenery about Bavronno is very lovely. The poor, sick people, who are gathered for the benefit of the waters, revel in the beauty of the season, which is warm and calm. An old gentleman is wandering slowly along the brow of a hill which gives a splendid view of the surrounding country. A delicate girl is leaning on his arm. It is Mr. Holme and his daughter Laura, who has been ordered hither for her health, which she is slowly recovering. "This is the longest walkyou have taken, my child. You must bo tired. Do you feel faint?" " No, papa dear, but I should like a glam of water or a cup of milk." "I wonder whether we can get anything of the cort about here? I'll ask that workman yonder." They walk on towards the workman-a man in a blue blouse, with a straw hat on, who is sitting on a fallen trunk, cutting up a stick lazily. Hr. Holmo addresses him in bad French, inquiring if there is a cotntage nar tehero they can procure any refreshment. " I'm English," says the man, "and a stranger too," and holookes up. "r.Holmo- Laural" And then hie seemes anxious to hurry away ; but Laura has caught him by the hand. And then all is explained. Talbot Lindsay-for it is he-was picked up by a French fishing.boat. The wound was not mortal. The bullet had glanced on a rib, and the cold waves nad stoplped the hemorrhage. In time, by the care of the rude but kindly people who rescued him, he recovered. But lifo had lost all charm for him now. He wrote to tell his father that he had made up his mind to travel, and should probably be absent many years. He believed that Laura wished him out of the way, and had therefore accused him to PMarous of bh-tri5ing his trust. He would not return to fling a sha,low in her path. Wh t need to say more? Before the vintage was over Talbot and Laura were married. But they did not return to England-lifo had not been so happy there that they should long to return. Their first 'unalloyed peaceful delight had been found among the vine-clad slopes of France, and there they chose their abode. 73IAPTER IX, IRELAND. IT is a dismal, dreary, rainy day, and the bogs about Rosmore are wrapped in a thicker mist than usual. lt'en the poelting rain cannot beat down the ghost-like iiooko that comes steaming up from the wide waste. Ragged peasants, pipe in mouth, stare gloomily and iopelessly from their ruined cabins at the pigs wallowing in the neglected roadways. Everything around tells a story that is only too often to be read in Ireland. It speaks of a neglectfld landlord, and a ?'iggared tenantry. On a bit of rising ground that overlooks the orofitless acres of hog stands a house more pretentious Sbn the other houses in the village. But it is forlorn looking, and has, as far as bricks and mortar can exp,ress such a state of things, an air of being out at elbows. A figure is seen at times gliding about it-the lihure of a man who would be tall if premature ago had not bent his head so low. If you nask one of the peasants who it is, the poor fellow, loyal through hard ship, and suffering, and neglect, will answer you, "Suroe and it's the Daly, sore; Marcus Daly, of Bos more, yer honner, more betoken-may the heavens be cis bed i" and then he will add, crossing himself, as a ng low wail comes shuddering through the air from ,he desolate houso-"And that's his mad wife, yer onner, more's the pity, and may the merciful saints t. stoet her poor sinses 1" 