BEY. CAXOX CHAL3IESS AND ROMANISM. I » SSS ZDXT01L ~ ?f? e°terl"« ">to this subject, I must J?T- 3eet«rer oo the tone throughout he Wts t"'3- he fchU lite f~en thS?i«F? a ChnaUan. and, though his weapon cuts. ifZZJ?,?,0 Veu0IV ou blade. In my first letterl ll0"r the ehureh could hare SSLS-ft?* fulfilled his promise to guidel£d w^^dven coS-r-rer".,Cln0n rePued that the promise possessed J. unfortunately, inn not IXS^fl.Si », h"«- unproved version ot the th?Xi^ptures—mad-- I presume, to square with J?5,;^SDCem,?'£ of the ^ 5 but in the old two ?,!? Ter*I0°. which I hold, stamped with r «Ss%r- (Wi-fcSss hdrly we?for r'Sr^-Oo" y^ rev^ Cano ' mw/T??0 ?.Tenemtiou forthose earlr Councils,held. 5?h® .^rnirs, while the Church wa5 still u^erthe Ho,-v Ghost, he has mutiatsd thir ^Tf" i whoie hoots) the Scriptures, which they forbade to ho added to or diminished, lam somewhat puzzled to understand, it mv version ! SXXFrX sh0"3 no trace £ i^°of these conditions, how the rev. Canon's comnris Portion ol the canonical Scriptures, can XX the old fashioned \ JL°leu Sweater than it» pais, may be also vtne^«l^dTP "n ad JjU?cies hitherto so long A. .£ patiently await enlightenment 3216 following passages will be found, I oftte j£??5F?p0. 10111 ^ Mxnr*,:-T «n the version ou.?e1r^^.^,rd P^fS55^ hP the rev. Canon and SrnwJj Jh°n art Peter, and. upon this rock I will bmldmychnrch^md the sates ol hell shall notpre vmTagamst rt."-St. Matthew IMS. "As mvFaSier "He tW he„*° tl *2s° l62"1 roa"—St John 20-21. n™7 heareth yon heareth Ma, and he that daspiseth yon despiseth Me and Him that sent Me" 1 J0;10- "And I have prayed for ttee that teTh^ nZflX'm ^53-32. "I %I1 £k a. He 'r?1, "rire -T?a Mother paraclete that nhide with you for ever"—St. John 14-16 (for ever, not untd the Cth or 10th century tt?Z . The Church is the pillar and the ground (of truth —St. Paul to TSmothv, S-I5 j Many others might be given, but these will "suffice. ! Ptav, where are the conditions? It will be seen that the; matters referred to in the rev. Canon's lecture cor er a sreat deal of srround—and much space would i <1 Wlth them appropriately. As it la ™>FT»? " a n*w"P:iPcr (no matter how gene rous the management), could afford such. I will con dense and deal with a few, of the more important rL to hy the lecturer. If, owing to want of space, some are left untouched, it will not. I trust, be inferred that this is owing to their difficulty of refutation, and shonld the matter be considered of dFS?eFstiml^rtan<:eVtha whole ^ be more folly 5v^L .. . in another ehape at an early date. Catholicity The Rev, Canon complains that the enhghtened but comparatively cmalt section et iiTrlyr^s ,?hcm he represents is unrecognised by Gstholic Chnrch as an integral part of that venerable body, and he argues that inosmnch as +*"« churen,_-reat as it undeniable is, does not include all the Christian sects within its pale- the mdueiu of the testers Church in the 11th, and that of the Protes tant in the 15th, having reduced her in cumbers and influence—the sin therefore deprived of the right to arrogate to herself the titles of Catholic and Apostolic, tet us examine the logical force of this contention. In ^ accordance with this, when a. certain number oi •British xuen-of-war mutinied at the Xore and •eparatcd from the fleet, the loval remainder, though comprising the vast majoritr, with the admiral in command stUl acting ur^ar the direet orders of the Kirg and living the Imperial ensign, in reahty ceased to be the British fleet, and, until Jir i^er and h s mutinous associates returned to their duty and allegiance, they were incapable of asserting or being recognised as the representatives of constituted authority. When a section of tha French anny deserted the day before "Waterloo the re mainder, though unbroken in oiganieation, with the Emperor and marshals at iu head, teased to be the Grand Army, and aa such had no existence. Again, when our Saviour explained to His disciples, " Unless jou catof the Flesh of Man and drink His blood, ye shall have no life in you and a number of these protesting "It is a hard •avin*' who caa endure it," left him, and walked with Him no more, we are to infer that the Saviour aad apostles ceased from this time to be the Christian Church, being only, as ot?r rev. lecturer ahows, a por tion of the same. In like manner, when the Greek schismatics and the Protestant dissenters broke from the mother church (following the example of tbeun oeheviog Jews and our mutinous friends, Mr Parker mid his aswmafes °f the flest), our rev. lecturer would have us believe this grind old inatitutiom ceased to have any just grounds ofrecpsct pending her separation from her rebellious children. Will j the rev. Canon apply this mnrm to societv.or to one'e f°l*ow it out to iy logical conclusion. If die Latin church forfeited its title to Catholicity owing to the Greek schism, Christianity being then aivided, how does the rev. Canon concede it honor after the division consequent on the expul . tchistnatic Nestorians many ceaturies t. f ^^/endjnj: of a fragment c2 did aot in validate her claim 10 Catholiciry in the Utter case wnv should it lotfcallr in the former? From this it wiUbese-n that should Victoria or Xewfoundland secede from the British Empire to-morrow, the latter ff. b^ch*. "Otid cease so exist and would lose its ideutitj aad its right and authority to act anu speak as such until the seceding sections of the empire had returned to their allegiance. , ^r- asserts that as Catholic means unirer sal. no church, unless possessing universal sway, may Jat- "'bile denying- it to a church Whose children are numbered by hundreds of millions; who.e services, identical in form and observance »« celebrated in every clime and tongue ; and whose missionaries are found in every zone, he is yet ready to concede it, asm the early ages, to a comparative handful whose ministration and influence extend but over a very inconsiderable portion of the globe. ?te=b as to the right of this church to u< titlo alteration of creed. \v-,+\T , tu aicerauon ot creed. 11 !th regard .0 the charge of corrupting and alterin ?h!. ^ e.?"? I««ticesas held in apostolic times! The charge that the Roman (Titlmii#* r-Vi.v».,.K \- — ~ x -—hvw«hWUJU iipusLoiic umes. .p'oman Catholic Church has altered and added to the doctrines held in early ages mough specious, possesses little force ; according to a!"!' Canon s belief, it appears that the addiSg oi a statue or a painting to a cathedral not oult" alters ™!M .m the edifice valueless. A distiucUon cn!!n ^fnoeu esseutials and non-essentials, between matters vital and matters of detail. When the lts,?1.turjl development and following the t?" rt «•« made snbject by its Creator shSteriSZlbZh5' ' eiPMtiinK. spreads wide its mZrii! ' T ": " ""KJtered in rts nature from the P^ot whose early growth we fondlv watched; and when in due course the boughs are jaden with 1 lo?somst which, in their turn, arefoliowed by the luscious fruit, are we to lay the axe to its root U1 pious horror at the unnatural traus mZZfii -In ¥^e 1wanner the Catholio Church like the gram of mustard seed, has, from a lowlv ! lut0 tbe-'l'leodid organisation which has long cxmted the wonder, if not the admiration of those on whose sympathy she had no cMm- aml Uiat «3fdweto the cFeX'ltet tie Who is so generous aad bountiful should receive generous recognition in return, the cSholic Church non-offers, as was ol old offered by God's chosen peoide. the tffioicest gifts which science, art and .emus can produce in music, paintin— ..,,.1,,' rtire, and architecture ; she thus offers to the Grea' Source from which all bounties flow her gratitude at.d recognition for the gifu of which -lm Wjd mankind hare been the redpienb> ir i?, regard to til; corrupting of doctrine I odtanced tha. Transnbstaatiition having been affirmed m the I3th centuiy, that of purgatory iu the I Oath, and papal infallibility in tha lath, these dogmas were innovations on the early faith. CalteUd ho ^ I and are prepared tc prove, that all these were held ZFu-wheT1w m tlle ^rliest times, and that it was FFg ?1?6" ">«.» vt're called in question, or coufiiction ?! °F!"10n wppewred hkely to arise regarding ibem? that to reuiov e the possibility of disunion arisiw from misunderstanding, they were defined WlJtemSl as eanomcal by the church, and received as such by her children. Regarding transubstantiation, the re/ H" *xi"iCouI«oI of Trent in 1S51 prpl nounced anathema against aU who should deTv tfaS f oMtn?w ao,vrf£-v'"" wtid he infera it wSfoffiv X Raised as aa artMe <ff l^ita. Let u> examine the rer. Canon's twvjftmn Ck-n^FdM "S11 ,'1-- CouucU of Constantinople con dtmned ILtcedonius and his followers for dentin-the wirtFth-FnH 6 Z Shost or"1 hii coasubstantiality with the lather and Sou. Are we to infer that the doctrine was not held by the church ^riorlZ tbis Mrf.e0!-/ or- f ,11' from tha coudeiunatiou of the Zf fl? -le Tth otntury Only was the dual nature of the Saviour generally held bv the faithful 7 televise, that from the condemnation of Arius in the 4Ut century- at the Council of onh-™S our Lord Sieved aZd a" 5^? r .1- v. Chnstiaas, and that from the date ol the Council of Trent (ICth ceatan*) w-as the "novel doctrine- of the Real Fre«2S^3j-Sptod bi the Church t Does the learned Canon JSaSSr mean this r hrorn this course of reasoning, if some dL^or tf7J"esti°u lhe ^cts of CoJuiabiie tiuvin^ discovered America, or the Duke of ton having commanded at Wattfrlan i* that only from ths datei of these questions bein- hT Tf VeflCt? verified- -owwS'K Miefs be dated as obtaining authentic credence h?th?e?iwan0Il!tat?3 ^ Greek Church seceded " , f , fcntuiy from the latin ; but w e find this this doctrine of transnbstan. ttation, and insisting, through her doctors and canons, that she ever he!d it. "How", then? oS ^ b-v,!t chnrch which broke awav in the I U. century, be described as a uoveltv intrn dueed by the mother church in the IGth centuiy 7 As th_ Canon has evidently not given due attention riu-2"l"S e!'-r0X ^ "f51"1 bi" Partial autho tins doc time by the Church durin- the Zerind p^e? hy lewed P™teSZ,tT™e Ctng ^n -aud untainted. - SS'i» 412—Uefeirin- to traSSU^ ,oh Jc'r. w tttging this how, I wm iu Uke manner ask you, "How tte reTo{ Moseg transformed into a serpent Bow was th«» water chaiifjiHi into the nature of blood V'" at. of^Jewi^ T?,!"^' f^er^ to ^ munnurinir who can hear it » 63JS 10 , hard is it onlv to Hhkp „•kA ... ,, _ * selves hard ; incredible only to tha incredulous." St* Basil A.D. 3C3_"We must not indulge Tu douta and SrTrii63 ao?«rt.m-.»hat our Lorf Ss Taid, but ?.Te1- of His is ! 1 -^e . gn luac Word of His is 1 true, and posnhle of effect, although nature ehsuld combat agmnst its possibility, for it is in this Tery IVllflt fhp dt:i 11 twtrlrt A.:.t- ...... . . .. ■ -*J — -I" —ior it is in tills verr pornt the St.uggle of faith consists." St I-narinsflst century) who, as the Protestant Archbishop iVate i" forms us, was autscipleof St John, the evan- elisL and was appointed to the see of AutiSh by StteteXne Shn -w^ci'i ' should be somewhat of an authoiity—St Ignatius, referring to certain rename whom he calls heretics, says :—•« They (the heretical abstain from the eucharistand prayerteLosettevdo not believe the euehanst to be the flesh of our Saviour 3m flesh offered 7or oar X X It' '!>J X1"135'1^ Father fesuSSted." These authorities can he mult.plied, bnt those quoted wifl suffice:for the purpose of showing the bSiefof the Church on this pomt, as testified by the most picus and learned doctors of the time. The vlewo of tnese erudite theologjins we are convinced would cotrnt as notiling with our dissenting brethren when weighed in the balance against the opinions of any self-appointed modern "evangelist; who, findin- the repairing of a halt-Wellington beyond his capacity assumes the character of an interpreter of Shine wmt ; but they must be accepted as historical evi dence of the teaching of the church during the early ages on the subject under consideration.; Wherein then lies its novelty \ 