A BOSTON ('! HOST STOrY. ! This story was told by a doctor about nil epoch in hia very early career, when lie was colic :!ing bills for a subscription book publi cation linn, somewhere, in the interior of Penn sylvania, a'lid stopped to lodge in n house, where the only sleeping place tluit could be pro vided for him' wis in the room with u corpse. 'J To had bocu iiuliscrcut onongh in engaging his lodgings to show liia roll of bills. J to hoard syaiiioioiis niovtinionts about- the lloitso in the ilignt; the Onti'niieu of ili5n»P dnf"i<y » )>ack door, nnd a whispered consultation SOiilOu iioVi'. His cahdlc had beeii taken out after lie had got to bed.' Presently there was a hoarse whisper from some j'on in the contra of the room where tlio oorpsc was laid out—" Come hero !" His blood froze in his ivoins. "Cotno here 1" the whisper repeated. Obeying an irresistiWo Impulse, hooi'opt, trembling, to the side of the ' tleadi The' corpse Was sitting bold upright itpon thc..table wliem iti had been lain; " Lo6k (lull .ilia tlio OOt'psCj "they m'a after .your, money, and .may murder you—they're capable, of it." The youtig mau.took up a post by the' window, which couldn't be opened, however, lhit lis stayed there, nnd liy-und-byj when orio crept stealthily into the loom, and he' heard the' ghastly lunging of a knife into tlio bedclothes whero he had lain, lie leaped through tlio' window, and took the. sash with him as ho went out. As the doctor began to toll his story, tho wood firb on the. hearth, wliioh had. been blazing brightly, (liekcrod and Ijnniud low, Ha if.,cold, durip.: blasts bad been blown over-it. When lio described the r.isping accent witli which the de.nl man uttered his (illI,' Come hero I" tho fire suddenly went out, lo.iving only tho glimmering fringe of light around the edges oT the lighted sticks. A'cur rant of "cold rain came from somo unknown quarter just at this moment. 'The "conditions were favorable" for the narrative. Whpn.it W.ts over there wero! aiiy number'of qucstipns. Was'tliri dead min really iilire? Did lie revive for tho moment only, ami sink back 'into unequivocal death when lie had delivered his \yarning? Of course the doctor, wlio had liot remained to discover the secret- of tlio thing, could not answer these questions. . ; 