CONSECRATION AT ST. MARY'S. TWO NEW R.C. BI3HOIS. A GREAT RELIGIOUS CEREMONY. The consecration of two new bishops at St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday afforded au oppor tunity for a full and effective display of that elaborateness and brilliancy of ceremonial for which the ritual of the Rotnan Catholic Church is celebrated. The event attracted a great gathering of prelates, priests and people. The new prelates "anointed and consecrated in the order of High Priest by Heavenly benediction" — to quote tbe text of the ritual — and in vested with the raitro and crozier, which are the symbols of their office, were the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of Grafton, lately Dean of Lismore, and the Right Rev. Dr. Hutchinson, Hishop of Miximianopolis (a formal ecclesiastical title only) for some time Vicar Apostolic of Northern Queensland aud now Vicar Apostolic of Cooktown (Q.) with full episcopal authority. It i3 the rule generally to regulate tbe admission on such occasions by tickets which are sold for the benefit of some religious or charitable uudertaking, but in the preset.t instance the custom was departed from, and although the congregation, notwithstand ing tho inclement state of the weather, could rot have numbered less than 4000, the good management of those entrusted with the direc tion of affairs prevented anything like un seemly crowding and crushing. Ten o'clock was the appointed time for the cere mony to begin, and when the eccle siastical pageant, headed by a cross-bearer and a number of scarlet-robcd acolytes, some carrying lighted tapers and others swinging incense, came forth from tbe vestry and proceeded up the broad steps leading to the sanctuary, the whole cathedral pre sented a wonderfully animated appearance. The acolytes, accornp'anicJ by the master of ceremonies, walked first in the procession as it entered the sanctuary, then came the clergy in their black sontannes and while lace-edged cottas, then the non-officiating prelates in rich purple robes with silken numtciletas and gold pectoral crosses ; the two bhhops-elect — one in purple, the other (Dr. Hutchinsou) in more sombre color — accompanied by their chaplains ; the two assistant-bishop-.- of the consecration, clad in purple and wearing the orthtxlox massive gold chain nndl cross, attended by their chap lains : and finally, gorgeous in his lustrous red robes, theco.:s ;crator (the Cautinal Archbiriioj ), the enormou train of rich water -wave silk, proper to tbe full f-tate attire of a ' Prince of the Holy Roman Empire," being carried by two sanctuary boys, who iu their pretty scarlet dress looked themselves like little cardiuala. "When ail had entered the sanctuary Cardinal Muran was escorted to his throne, which had been decorated for the occasion, and the dignitaries and priests were arranged by the ceremonial directors to the right and left of the brilliantly ornamented high altar. His Grace ArchuDbop Revnolds, of Adelaide, South Australia, and their Lord-hips the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Ri«hop of Goul- burn; the Right Rev. Dr. Jlaimondi, Hishop of Hongkong, China ; the Right Rev. Dr. 13yrnc, Bishop ot Bathurst ; and the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Vileannia, occupied places on tho Gospel side of the sanctuary ; and on the oppoii'.c side were the two asristant prelates of the consecration (the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, and tbe Right Rev. Dr. Torreugiani, Bishop of Annidale) aud the bishops-elect the Right Rev, Dr. Doyle and the Right Rev. Dr. Hutchinson. The officiating ministers occupying their re spective places were the Very Rev, Dr. Carroll, vicar-general of the diocese of Sydney, assLstaut- priest ; the Very llev.'M. O'Cailaghau, Superior of the Viuoentiiin (Jrder and the Very Rev. Dean M'Carthy, deacons of the throne ; Rev. J. J. Byrne, deacon, and the Rev. E. O'Connor, sub-deacon of the mass ; the Rev. P. T. Corcoran, of Morpeth, chaplain to the seuior- nssistant consecrating bishop (the Right Rev. Dr. Mnrray); the Very Rev. Dean O'Conuor, of Armidale, chaplain to the second assistant- bishop (the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiaui) ; the Rev. D. Doyle, of Lisuiore, chaplain to the bishop-elect of Graflou, and the Very Rev. Prior Joseph Coleman, O.S.A., of Echuci, Victoria, chaplain to the Right Rev. Dr. Hutchinson ; the Very Rev. Dr. O'lfaran.i of St. Mary's Cathedral, and the Rev. P. V. Dwyer, of the Maitland Cathedral, masters of the ceremonies. The following clergy were in rows of benches on the sauctuary at either side : The Venerable Archdeacon lliguey; tbe Very Rev. Dr. Sheri dan, V.G. ; the Very Rev. D. Clancy, S.J., rector of St. Aloysiua College ; tbe Very Rev. Father Couloiguier, S.M., superior of the Me.ristg ; the Very Rev. Dr. Murphy, rector of ... .T'hu's College; the Very Rev. Edmund :hn, C.S.S.R., superior of the Kedompto- . s.rd rector of the monastery at Waratah ; the Very Rev. P. SJattcrv, O.S.F., superior of tbe Franciscans ; tbe Very Rev. P. Le Renue- tel. »S.M. ; tho Very Rev. D. A. Mitchell, O.S.F.C., diocese of Armidale ; Rev. T. Long, Rev. S. Cummins, S.M. ; Rev. M. Glasheen, Rev. M. Murlav, S.M. ; Rev. P. Ryan, Rev. W, Keating, Rev. \V. Cofi'cy, Rev. Paul Cbio i HonekontrL Rev. T. Barlow. Rev. Th.iaas O'Reilly, Rev. Father Mooney, O.S. A. (E.'htica, Victoria) ; Raw C. M. G. Vunder Heydon (Chiltern, Victoria), Rev. J. H. Doyle (Smith- town, Macleay River), Rev, Gerald Dovle (Bal- larat, Victoria), Rev. M. Campion, diocese of Batburst. The Cardinal and the officiating prelates put off the silken robes in which they had entered the cathedral aud rested ia rochets, amices, stoles and copes, the latter of white silk being extremely rich in appearance, covered us they were with a wealth of the most exquisite art embroidery. The two assistant bishops wore plain white mitres and the Cardinal a costly jewelled one, the bishops-elect retaining their purple and black silk robes respectively and their brevettas or caps. Tho ceremonies were begun by tbe coneecrator demanding tho Apostolic" Mandate or Papal Bull authorising the consecration j and, this document having been read aloud in the original Latin text by the Very Rev. Father O'Callaghan, the bishops- elect on bended knee took the usual oath of obedience, fidelity and devotion to the Pope, after which, following the ancient custom, came the examination on tbe several points of faith and morals, the bishops-elect giving their nssent aloud by repeating the word " Credo " (I believe) and ausweriug i%Volo" (I will) to the questions with reference to the teacbiug of the Scriptures and the observance of the rule3 and practices of the church. lAmong other ob ligations, the bisbops-electiduring this examina tion solemnly promised to "observe them selves and teach others to observe chastity and sobriety; to continue bondsmen iu tbe affairs of God, estranged from earthly affairs aod base lustre as far as human frailty would permit them ; to preserve humility and patience in themselves and teach tbe like to others ; and for the sake of Gud's name to be affable and merciful to the poor, to the stranger and to all in need." The High Mass was then commenced and at the prescribed periods the various cere- mouies incidental to tbe consecration were per formed, the bishops-elect having in the mean while been robed in white vestments of the costliest description. After the singing of tue the Litany of tbe Saints and the beautiful hymn, "Veni Creator Spiritua" (Come Holy Ghost, Creator Come), the anointing took place, the consecrator iu each case using the words, " Be thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of High Priest by heavenly benedic tion. In tbe name of tbe Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The bishops- elect again knelt, each with joined hands, before the consecrator, who,. first crossing tbe hands ia the form of a cross and then anointing the entire palms, said: "Be these hinds anointed with sacred ou and the chrism ot sanctihcation ; a3 Samnel anointed David to be king and prophet so be they anointed and consecrated, in the name of God the Father, and of tbe Eon, and of tbe Holy Ghost, bearing on them the likeness of tho holy Cross of our Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ." The presentation to tbe newly-consecrated bishops of the symbols of tbeir episcopal office on the Book of Gospels was very im pressive. Handing the staff or crozier, the consecrator said: "Receive this staff of the pastoral office, that in the correction of vice thou ma, vest employ severity with kindness, and exercise judgment without auger ; and that in cherishing virtue thou mayest soothe the minds of thy bearers, without neglecting in thy peacefulnes3 the severity of reproof." Putting the jewelled ring ou the finger : "Receive this ring, the pledge of affiance, that being adorned with the token of untainted fidelity thou mavest guard with honor incor rupt the spouse of God, His holy church." Placing tbe mitre on the head; "We place, O Lord, on the head of this Thy prelate and combatant, the helmet of defence and salvation, that, having his forehead adorned and his head guarded by the power of both Testaments, he may appear terrible to the adversaries of the truth, and stand forward as a valiant champion against them, through the abun dant grace bestowed on him by Thee who didst adorn the countenance of Thy servant Mosea, made beauteous in a colloquy with Thee, with the most brilliant rays of thy brightne-s and truth ; aud .vbo didst command a diadem to be placed on the head of Aaron. Thy High Pric.st: through Christ our Lord. Presenting the Book of Gospels: "Receive the Gospel, and go forth aud preach it to the people committed to thee: ior God is powerful to augment His grace to thee." The fraternal "kiss of peace" having been exchanged between the new bishop? and the officiating prelates, the consecrator, turning towards the altar, intoned the 4i Te Deum," or hymn of thanksgiving, during the sing ing of which by tbe choir the two new bishops, gorgeously apparelled, glit tering mitre on head aud golden crook in hand, were led through the cathedra), the bishops bestowing their blessing to the kneeling congregation as they pnpsed along. When the hymn was finished, aud the two bishops hid returned to Ihe sanctuaiy, each in turn as cended the altar steps and imparted the solemn episcopal benediction. Fiuariy, the new bishops approached the consecrator and assistant bishops, and w ished them, in the language of the Cuurch, " Many years of hsaltb," and tbe ki.-s of peace being again given the last Gospel was said, and tbe rite of consecration ended. Father John Rvau, N.J., of St. Patrick's College, Melbourne, who bad been specially Invited to preach, theu ascended the pulpit, and delivered with eloquent force an address setting forth the claims of the bishops of the Roman Catholic Church to apostolic succes sion, and defining the respective views on the selection ami authority of a bishop held by Roman Catholics and Protstauts |rep4Ctively. 