Queer Queries. Can seeing which way the wind blows be called vane lo ks ? Would it be quite correct to call a greedy man a ghost beca'use you saw him a-goblin ? Can you be said to be over head and e :r? in d'bt because you haven't paid your hat ter ? Is it really right to assume that neat spir;ts frequently drive people into untidy habits ? Do you know that, although a shoe maker finishes his sboe at the beginning, he always begins at the last? Is a green-grocer properly described when you call him a " confiding tradesman ?" Can an old maid's boots be properly called mis(s)understandings ? What kind of tracing-paper does a man use when retracing his steps ? A celebrated philosopher used to say " The favors of fortune are like steep rocks -only eagles and creeping 'things mount to the summit." Said an old friend: !' I.'don't like a man who.is intimate on short.dacquaintance, be cause he is almost sure to be 'short' on in timate acquaintance. " Gentlemen of the jury," said a lawyer, " would you set a rat-trap to catch a bear, or make fools of yourselves by trying to spear a whale with a knittingneedle ? I. know you would not. Then how can you be guilty of the absurdity of convicting my client of man slaughter for taking the life of a woman ?" This prisoner was acquitted, On Girls.-This is a boy's composition on girls. He says, " Girls are the only folks that has their own way every time. Girls is. of several thousand kinds, and sometimes one girl can be like several thousand girls if she wants to do anything. This is all I know about girls, and father says the less I know abou t them the better off I, am'." " "And how is your husbind to- day, Mrs. Carmichael ?" queried the minister on his rounds of the wife of one of his parishioners. " Well, puir Jack, he's'no sae weel the day. Ye see, he's a tayribble martyr -to-delirium trimmins." Shortly before his death, being visited by a clergyman whose features as well as language were more lugubrious than con soling, Hood looked up at him compassion ately, and said: "My dear sir, I'm' afraid your religion-dosen't agree 'with you." A DEFINITION.---" What is a masked ball?"' anked a good-looki?g lady. "A charitable instittition for ladies of plain features," was the ieply.-Kliitteradatsc61. . . WRINKLE -F6iTHE BLInD.- . blind man pits in tlie coiner ofa: doorway, and when' he hears the light footstep of a ladj he takes off his hat and bows his. head, covered with the snbws of seventy winters, saying--" Oh madame, take pity on a poor blind man who is deprived of the pleasure of seeing you ?" That fetches them.--.Le Masque dte Rev,. A COMPASSIONATE SOUL..n- Frau Von X- : "A poor beggar woman called on me to-day . . . she looked the very picture of misery 1" Frau Von Z- : " Of course you gave her some assistance ?" Frau Vo X-- : " Yes, poor thing; I gave her . . . a volume of my lyrical poems to comfort her in her misfortune."-Die TVes. 1! It 