THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. Onoe upon a time, if I remember rightly, Br, Youl informed the public that a .coroner'B court Was a regular court of record, with power to commit for contempt, etc. As its chief business lies with suicide, which, though nhpunishableis, I understand, a crime,- the ttoroner's court is a criminal court, and in a criminal court you can't try any-" body" for the same offence a secrnd time, if the jury agree at the first trial. Last week a coroner's jury tried 6 body; identified as that of William Spellacy, and agreed to a verdict. Afterwards it waB found that William Spellacy was alive, and kicking against being " found dead." It was then discovered that the body had another name, and the coroner's court proceeded to try it under another name. As no eminent counsel was retained to enter a plaa of autrefois convis , the body was a second .time convicted, contrary to the fundamental principles of English criminal law, for it cannot on the faoe of it he argued that there was a second offence— no" body" oan die in two counts. It's. a queer world, and, as Thomas Hood said of a lee» reputable class of " snatchers"— It's vary hard them kind of men Won't jet a body be. Then there's the fijrst alias to ba considered. What about the " dead and alive " man William Spellacy? What sort of a Mahomet's-coffin position does he occupy as to this earth. He has been " found dead " in a criminal court of record. He can't get away , from that, you know, for every lawyer knows that there is no appeal from a criminal court except on a point of law. And there was no law point teeerVsfl in his case. But though it cannot be denied that be is dead in law, it must be admitted that be is alive in fact. It must be very puzzling for him — and un pleasant. Give a lie twenty-four hours start and you can't catch it. There are numbers . of people who probably did, not sea the account of the second inquest, and to them William Spellacy is as dead as Queen Anne. He may rneet one t>i these— possibly an old friend— sod be will be regarded as an im postor. He may Want, as most of us want, to get credit from the grocer, and that British tradesman, convinced of the infallibility of a jury of hie countrymen, will decline. How oould he recover at law from a man who was dead in law ? It is really most embarrassing, for he won't even be able to pass. himself < ff as a ghost— ghosts can only walk at night. There certainly is one way in which he could make a good living, and thai' is by getting a publican's licence. Ha oould keep open house every Sunday, for it would be impossible for the Licensing Oourt to inflict a fine on one who was declared by a court of equal juris diction to be absolutely dpad, It appears to me that the Government officials, the policy, made a blunder in not " getting the hang " of the simples s way out or the difficulty when the mistake was first discovered. When they found that the body was that of —I forget the name, Mehres, I think— say of Mehres, they shonld have gone quietly to Spellacy, and pointed but to him the difficulties uf the ease. They should have put it to him as a man of honour whether be ought to live. They should have got him to commit suicide, and held an inquest on hiih Under the name of Mehres. Of course, the official records wonld have baen slightly wrong, but that is nothing unusual. The public would never have been any the wiser, the matter wopld h&tebeea; pleasantly arranged, and sobstan. tial justice would have been done. The wealthy men of Melbourne have ever been eonspionous for tbeir enoouragement of education in the way of prizes. Many of our leading citizens, past and present, have given sums of money to schools, the interest of the. money being devoted to the purchase of a prize, to bB given for some special or general excellence. Every college and grammar- . eohool has its " prize, the gift Of — — , Esq.," and many colleges are endowed' to the extent oHsalf a dozen such epeaial plums, apart altogether from the usual class prizes. Strange to say, so; far as I am aware, no wealthy man has thought of doing a similar thing for the State-school in bis district. I know that donations are given towards the ordinary prize-liBt; but tbinkof the pleasure to a poor boy when he received, eay, " the Smith prize" for -excellence in arithmetic, or reeding, or writing, or good oondact, or what cot. Its special nature, ani the fact that it is an " individualised" annual institution, render it specially eweet to the winder. I hope cpr WMlgfigr m»|inot think that boys at Statoeflhopie have no ambilious longings At the meetiug beld in support of the pro posal to send tbe; cadets to England, Mr. Matiingley said that if he were sent with them: he would not-: object to giving the boys religious instruction mprnibg and evening, Now, this I comider was a delicate and modest suggestion to the Education Bepart- meut, that Mr. Mattingley was willing io take a trip to England, and would even consent to go as Coifimanderrin-Ohief of the invading infantry. With regard to this extensive idea of sending home the 1,000 cadets for the Queen's jubilee; I have heard it said that the sup porters' of the movement never for a moment expected it lo be seriously taken. It was done to sweeten the boys. That sort of thing is called In America "giving them taffy." In Australia henceforth it will most likely be known as." giving them jojube-iles." What extraordinary excuses the offending publioans find for Sunday-trading. They run the whole gamut of " lodgers" and travellers." One woold think that for a person to enter an hotel on Sunday, call for a pint of beer and ait , down to drink it constituted him a lodger, whilst ae to a traveller, in some cases the yards they travel have to be magnified into miles, in order to get ap to the statutory distance. Two explanations, or rather excuses, for serving drinks on Sunday I have not as yet heard given from the witness-box, hut I expect to hear them before long, thus Bench : Yon eay that the two men who were fonnd drinking in yoor publio hour eat two in the morning were travellers I" Landlord : " Yes, sir," Bench : " How far had they travelled- ten miles?' Landlord: "Ob, more than that. They had oome from Siberia . within the few hourB previoae.1'- Beneh : " Ah, Siberia, the new play at the Royal. Very good. Fined £10.'' Landlord : <( Seven pounds, I think, your worships mean ?' Bench : " Ob, no, £10, that is £7 for the -offence and £3 for the joke. Gall the next case." Next case is one in which the defence is that the person Berved with liquor was a lodger. Bench (indignantly): "Why you heard the policemen swear that they knew the man, and that he livte only a few yards away from your hotel."; Landlady : " Ob, sorra the word of a lie in it. Just four durs down from me, an' been livin' there for five years oome Easter, an' a dacent honest man he is too that pays his way an' " Bench : " Yes, yes, bat yoa swore he waB a lodger." Landlady : "Yes, God be good to your worships, and so he 5 is. Ivery blissid Winsday evening the .Druids' lodge meets at my hotel, an' he's one of the lodgers there, an' never takes anything ahtronger than shan— " Bench : " Fined £7 f Landlady (sadly getting out her purse). Anudther injustice to Oireland !" Daspite the fines iofiieted, Sunday trading does not seem to decrease. Wbat fortunes publicans must make when they will pay a fine rather than forego onfay's profits ! : . i . I read io the newspapers that " a new process for the extraction of gold, the joint invention of Mr. J. Gosmo Newbery, Superintendent of the Technological Museum, and Mr. Vanetin, is now being worked at Langiand'e foundry," Somehow or another, I don't think that any of these new-fangled processes for the extraction of gold will ran the popnlar " valueless cheque'' process out of the market. And this isn't eveiipatented either. The Langiand's foundry one requires for Working duly One boy to each shift. Mr. Joseph: Mey ere, of Pent ridge, wha has recently been working ont the ' other prooeas" on rather sn extensive scale, is little more than a hoy, and he worked all his shifts. He used to Bhift after each " extraction of gold ' had been panned out--ot hie victim. It is becoming the fashion now to write retroBpeote of the last tea . years of the different professions, and these are always called decades— such es the Last Medical Decade, the Last Legal Decade, eta., I hope if any writer does the same for the Viotorian Bench the compositor will not by a misprint speak a true word in jest, a&d; set it np as " The Lost Judicial Decay ed. " v' . JOHN PEERIBINGLE, The cebemooy of. ceding the " boar's head" was observed bb usual at Queen's College, Oxford, on Christmas Day, and the hall was well filled by persons anxious . to witness it. The " boar's head " was provided by the college manciple, nd was decorated with bays and rosemary, and Ecrmonnted with a crown end flags, bearing the college arms, The custom hap been observed , for about oOO years, 