WALLABOO v YELTA. The Wallaroo Club being unable to j arrange for a return match with the j Moonta Club, accepted a challenge from tbe Yeltas and accordingly a match was played on the Waliaroo Oval on Saturday 29th Jan. and resulted in a win for tbe home team. Tbe Wallaroo captain woo tbe toss and sent Harman and Fonder to the wickets. Their stay was brief, Ponder leaving when the score was 4 and Harman at 7. The next men Herbert and Tomlin however were not so easily disposed of, and they rattled the score up to 43 before Richards found his way into Tomlin's wicket. Tomlin's 17 was made in good style, but Herbert in compiling his 21 had to thank the fieldmen for one or two pieces of leniency. Tbe only other batsman who reached double figures was Jones, who made 14. Tbe innings closed for 72. llichards got tbe best bowling average and was followed by Bennett. The Yeltas on going to the wickets made a very poor stand at first against the bow ling of Jones and i'omltn, no fewer than 6 wickets falling fur 11 ruus. The cap tain and Beynoltis getting together were not so easily disposed of, and advanced the score to 26. Tresize then came in and another long stand was made, tbe score being increased by 30 runs before Totnlin got at Tresize. 8—13—55. The other two wickets only increased the total by 2 runs, the captain carrying out his bat for 33 runs. His innings was fault less and not a ghost of a chance was given by him. His batting was some of the best seen on the Oval, and to show how carefully he played it need only be mentioned that of bis score the first 13 was made up with singles. Annexed are the scores:— Walueoo, Captan—E. Snook. Umpire—Mr J. T. Keats. Harman b Youn£ 2 W. J. Ponder b Young 2 J. Herbert c Tresize b Wilkinson 21 A. fi. Tomlin b Richards 17 R. Snook ran oat - 4 W. F. Jones b Bichards 14 J. Thomas c Tresize b Bichards 0 W. Seeley c Richards I J. Murtoi b Bennett 4 F. Cropley not oat 3 F. S. Keeling b Bennett 0 Byes — 4 Total 72 Yblta. Captain—J. Mitchell. Shields b Jones 0 Richards l.b.w.-b Tomlin -3 Granville b Jones 0 J. Mitchell not oat 33 Young b Tomlin 0 T. Mitchell b Jones 0 Wilkinson b Tomlin ... 0 Reynolds b Jones ... 4 Tresize b Tomlin 13 i Bennett b Snook 0 Beat b Tomlin 0 Byes 4 , Total 57 