BF.uADBKIM'S XE>y YOKX LEnEB. j It niiv no: s&eui; pitr.c-ue, bu". Pr-> viiesee'ii is over. Our glorious _as:uver>iry struck us in. a cjcioze ct torr.c. nsst, c-cio.e which everything -iitid but th; ::re?Te«ib'ie smail bey. and ha was on niud is usuii as lively as a cricket per a number of years Bast we hive had a special ordinance against the miscellaneous use 01 Sreworia and fire arms, which has been enforced with more or les? severity, bai this year it was a dead letter to the aforesaid small dot, ar.dthe result was that lie made it quite lively for his alders on the anniversary of oar National Independence. Mercy on as, "wasn't it hot] The three pre. ceding days the thermometer had been climb ing higher and higher till it registered some where~in the vicinity of frying and broiling, and it seemed as though the party having charge of the heating apparatus was experi menting with petroleum as fuel and had suc ceeded in getting up the heat to a point which h** had no parallel this summer. The streets were like ovens aud the wretched car horses dropped along the different routes by dozens, cases of sunstroke were numerous, and the death- rate in the crowded tenement district fearfully increased. But it seemed that noth ing short of an earthquake could repress the enthusiasm ; old and young went in for an old-time celebration and they had it. The rush out of town was something tremendous— ths half-holiday on Saturday giving ample time for preparation. The clock had hardly done striking twelve on Saturday when every wheel was stopped in. the factories of New York and Brooklyn, and the clerks commen ced shutting up the shops; many of the large stores were full of people, but they were bundled into the street with as little cere mony as if they were book canvassers or light ning-rod agents. By two o'clock everything all along the great business streets looked like a Sabbath, with oue exception, and that was the saloons; they were all open aud the demand for cooling drinks was something fearful. Outgoing steam-boats and railroad cars were crammed to suffocation, and as usual Coney Island C3ught its share of the general hegira. The storms ol the past win ter have made vast changes in this favourite resort — the sea making terrible encroach ments on this delightful pleasure ground of the people, Should the storms cf next winter equi the fury of the pas:, it may destroy the beautiful hotels at Brighton and Manhattan Beaches and float them out to se3. Mrs Charles D. Keep, the divorced wife of the editor of 'The Wall StreeO*ews,' appears in Court as the contestant of the dead man's will, whose sudden t&king-oti; I reported two weeks ago. Charley Keep, as I wrote in that letter, was said to be a very good fellow. The divorced Mrs, Keep does not think so, but swears that a job was put up on her by her late husband' attorneys to induce her to get a divorce thirteen years ago. As near as I can sum the matter up it is about as follows: Keep started life poor, he married a poor girl, and in the days of his nobodiness she was quite good enough for him. She could mend his clothes, and did; she could darn his stockings; she could make his bed and cook his diuuer when he had any, and that wa3; all she saved him the hire of a servant and did her own washing ; but the day came to Mr. Keep when that sort of thing was no longer necessary, and Mr Keep was an altered man. Mrs Keep could not talk French or lead the German. She knew no more about i Huxley, Darwin or TyndalL, than she^did about the Satellites of L ranus. Mr Keep showed for all te was worth, and a good deal more. Mrs. Keep did not. Mrs Keep in prosperity keeps the same marriage vows that she had held to it in the days other poverty; it is alleged that Mr. Keep did not, and that | finally with the aid of some attorneys,who were paid fifty thousand dollars for the villainous job, Mr. Keep was detected in a position which gave the outraged wife just grounds for a divorce, which she now wishes to be declared void, on the ground of con spiracy. In a few weeks the whole ^of the shocking story will be before the courts,—the history of the dead man's life will be reviewed by a merciless prosecution, and that life which a couple of weeks ago, looked so bright and fair and rich of promise, will leave nothing behind put the dead Sea's fruit of ashes. Among the startling romances of this feverish and changing city life—nothing more romantic or painful can be found than the story of a mau, which culminated in his committal to the Almshouse on Blackwell s Island last week, as a homeless vagabond and pauper. Twenty years ago, Daniel McFarland was known to every mail upon the press of New York city. Horace Greeley was then alive, and in the zenith of his fame, which reached its nadir five years after, and set in darkness ar.d sorrow. Henry J. Raymond was a power in the "New ^ork Times;'' Manton Mable guided the destinies of the " World the famous Brookes brothers ruled the "Express," and James Gordon Benuet, the founder of the "New York Herald," had not yet passed away, but made his influence felt in every portion of the Union; they were mighty men all. The war had developed a new and enterprising race of journalists, who had served as war cor respondents, men who with dash, enterprise, rare ability and dare-devil courage had con tracted in the service all the evils of the camp. Young journalists striving for position who lacked their ability, copied their vices, and imagined as they listened to tneir stories and drank beer at Piaffe, or gnawed deviled bones at the House of Lords on Houston-street; that they were on the high road to fame. It was an evil time for New York journalism. To get drunk was scarcely regarded as an offence, and the man who was unduly sober lacked good fellowship, and was regarded with dislike or suspicion. A prominent figure in New York journalism was Albert D. Richard son, the famous war correspondent of " The New York Tribune." He had comeback from the war covered with glory, and when the war was over, in the interest of " The Tribune," be visited California, and laid the foundation of a respectable fortune by publishing a breezy, bulky volume, entitled ' Across the Continent.' Daniei McFarland was a friend of his, also, on the staff of the " Tribune," and notwithstanding hia drink ing habits, which eventually led him to ruin, enjoyed in common with Mr. Richardson t.ie friendship of Horace Greeley. At the close of the war Daniel McFarland met Abbey Saye, a girl young, handsome and ambitious of literary fame—a consuming fire, which ha3 followed her to old age, aud let her into the front rank of American literature. She was anxious to jjet on, and she was charmed with the writings of McFarland, and when he asked her to marry him, though twice her age, she accepted him at on re, for ; she saw, with her marriage, her admission to j the charmed circle which wa3 the dream of her life. The honeymoon was brief, and the minuter had scarcely pronounced the blessing when the scales fell from the poor girl's eyes, her high hopes of advancement lay dead and withered at her feet, the man to whom ah* had plighted her yonng faith was a hopeless irredeemable sot. In the hour of her supreme agony she met her husband's friend, Albert D. Richardson ; he was her ideal ; young, fitnous, prospectively rich and the very antipode of the man she had married. She sought a divorce and obtained it, and the next day it was announced that she was going to marry Richardson. McFarland, soaked in rum and maddened at the loss of his wife, declared he would murder the roan who took her from him; he lay in wait for Richardson and shot bim, and after lingering iu great agony for a few days he died in the arms 0i: the woman fcr_whom he had sacrificed hisi life, Just before the spirit left him and while scarcely "able to articulate, Henry Ward Beecher was "sent for as friend of the dying man. His life was swiftly ebbing when the living and ths dying joined hand3, the nuptial blessing was hardly pronounced when the spirit of Albert D. Richardson took it3 flight, but from that time forth Mrs. McFarland has signed her name Abbey SaL'e Richardson. No act of JJr. Beecher's life brought on him severer con demnation than this hasty de3th-bed marriage; a storm of obloquy followed the wretched wife, and unqualified'sympathy was expressed for the murderer. The trial came on and McFarland was defended by the ablest counsel, and on the plea of insanity acquitted. But the mark of Cain was on him and he wandered forth a murderer among his fellowmen. Mr3. Abbey Sage Rich^rdjon enioyed no enviable position. She was looked upon as a woman who had led one man to his death and another to the foot of the gallows. Such crushing adversity and misfortune .vould have killed an ordinary woman, but Mrs. Richardson, a3 we will now call her, T?a3 no ordinary wonrsan. At the time of which I write she was utterly friendless and alone. The first storm of her sorrow past she set herself to work to repair her fortune. Step by step she advanced, slowly at first, but never loaing an advantage gained, till to-day she SacLs herself in cc-mcaay with seme of the b-es: writers ia the world in one or the foremast icJL^azines cf the United States. Fc>?a cumber of years she devoted herself to the stney of Shakespeare, and by dint of her ability and perseverance has been able to maintain herself honorably jjsj" nproache. McFarLmd, his ha.ads red Tri:a his brother's blood, sought consolation in drink, only ^ to sink to lower depths of degradation. In his caps the ghost of the de^d man followed him and he drank deeper to drown the homd vision. At first old friends aided him, on account of his broken health, till finally the once prood spirited journalist was content to eat the bread of charity. In the end that frail sapport deserted him, and he became an outcast and a wanderer. One night last week' Mrs, McFarlana was entertaining a brilliant company ia one of oar palatial mansions with her interesting lecture on Shakespeare ; at that same hour a poor old vagabond tramp found his way into the 12th Police precinct to beg for a night's lodging and a mouthfal to eat, to keep down the cry of the wolf that was gnawing at his vitals. His clothesj were iatiered, his shoes in ribbons, his feet were stock ingless, his hair was matted and tangled, and his person foul with dirt grime. God of light and mercy what a ruin ! It was all that remained of Daniel McFarlana. the murderer of Albert D. Richardson. Tears streamed down his aged cheeks when the magistrate informed him that he should commit him to the Home of the Thieves and Tramps on Blaekwell's Island. Only a few days and Potters Field may claim him unless ;he charitable hand of 3 fellow craftsman shil! rescue hiui from this closing infamy, aud so ends the chapter of twenty years. Rum led htm to his ruin. Looking back over these twenty years I see the shore lined witn the wrecks of brilliant literary geniuses whose lives have ended in sorrow, and sh>me; kind generous souls, brimful of talent, but their own most bitter and unreleuting enemies. New York journalism is to-day is 3 very different thing from what it was twenty years ago. Now, sobriety is the rule and drunkenness the ex ception,—a3 man's talent ia no longer gauged by the amount of whiskey he can guzzle ; and to the young man who comes to this Metropolis expecting to make journalism his profession, my best advice on this hundred 3nd tenth anniversary week of our National Independence is, ' Touch not—Taste not— Handle not—Rum, Beer nor Wine. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 