Australian Tales and Adventures. No. IS. A STRANGE STORY. ByE. P. WHITWORTH. Tha story I am about to relfito is a strnnga one. la it touo? I do not know. Judged from tho stand point of every day experience, I should Bay that it ia impossible that it could have happened, and yet, marvollonely and totally unaccountable a3 it Beema and is to me, I cannot but beliove it to be positively and absolutely a fnct. It ia one of those thing8 which ennnot bo explained, and which will not be explained away. We live our visible life, as it were, pasring over a narrow bridge lying between two im measurable gulfs, that behind us being the irrevocable past, and that before, tho in scrutable future. What these gulfs contain, what is oalled the unseen world, whether anything or nothing, tangible or intangible, eoiencc tells us nothing about. Do, then, the disembodied spirits of the doadover return to earth. Let my Btory tell what T think, and cannot but believe. Many, very many years ago, when I was s young man, littlo moro than a youth in fact, UBt come from England to Beek my fortune in this fair land of Australia, I had made up my mind to Becomo what was tho summit of so many ambitions, a squatter. I must tell you there were two of us, myself and my opnBin, Jim Welsh, a son of my father's sister. He waa of about tha same ogo as my eelf, and I was deeply attached to him, as ho was to me. We had been at sohool and col lege together, and I mention this latter to show that we were both tolerably well edu oated, and therefore not likely to bo imbued with the superstition and fanciful credulity that eo often go hand in hand with ignor ance. As I havo said, we were deeply attached to eaoh other, a oaso of Damon and Pythias, or Orestes and Pylades, or, better Btill, of David and Jonathan. We had como out in the same ship, and had vowed never to soparate, bud to Btiok together through good and ill. W« had heard and read in England of the free wild life of the cattle kings, of the boundless'plains, and breezy downs, and grassy glens of tho land o! the Southern Cross, and our hearts swelled high with hopo that we too, some day, should become, as they were, lords of the soil. But to become equattors, it was necessary for ua to know something about squatting. We were fairly well pvovidod with funds, and had some good letters of introduction, and aoting on tho advioe of a gentleman who had known Jim's father, wo determined, before venturing into a business of which we knew nothing, to go, for a time, on a station, and gain colonial experience. Sheep wo would have nothing to do with. The lifo on a sheep run did not puit our ideas. It was too tame a kind of thing for us. It lacked the epico of romanoe attendant upon cattle breeding. There waa none of the headlong gallopping through tho crashing timber, and down atony ? defiles and steep gullies, the camping out bo reath the giant gum trees in the solemn bush, ; tho cracking stockwhips, the cabbagc-treo hats, tbo blue shirts, the breeches and boots, and tbe other glories that render the lifo of a stookman so desirable— on paper. Therefore, on a oattlo station would we go. There was no great difficulty in the matter. There wero plenty of squatters who would williDRly take us on their runs, and ' break us in ' — for a consideration, of course. One of these offers we accepted. ' It was on the station of a gentleman named Macgregor, a oanny old Sootohman, whioh was situatod on tho upper part of tha Goulburn river in Vic toria, and whioh embraced Borne seventy thousand acres of good open forest country, oarrying about eight thousand five hundred head of oattlo. We went to work in right down earnest to learn the business, and I may fairly say that we Biiooeedod admirably. We were both toler ably good horsemen to bogin with, and as old Maogregor was a rigid and exaot man, who would have his work done thoroughly woll, and as we wero anxious to learn, we, ere long, were turned out really good bnshmen. So muoh so that after wo had been with the old gentleman a little over two years, he pro nosed to ns that we should take the sole aharcro of tho station during a visit whioh ho proposed to take to the old country. Nothing could have suited us botter. Toung, ardent, our own masters, with work that wa took a delight in, we jumped at tho offer, and era another month, he had departed on his homo trip, and we wero installed in tho large comfortable house of our employer, practi cally ' bosses ' of tbe situation, and certainly, monarohs of all wo survcyod, for the neatest house was Carfrae's, over the ranges somo twenty miles away. Our house, as wo considered it, was a wooden structure, of many rooms, having a wide verandah round three sides. It stood on tbe orown of a swelling down that formed tho homo paddook, and that sloped away pist a small oreok that formed one of tho ft'llluents of the Goulburn, to the foot of a range of hills about five miles away, and that shut in the view to tho north. Through thia raugo, and exactly opposito tho houae, was n dip or gorgo, known locally as ' Mangregor's Gap,' and be ing tho cols means of oommnniuution that existed between our peaceful valley and tho feverish world whoso heart throbbed so fiorcoly outside. Most of tho house wasolosed, for Ihero were far more rooms than two btschelor'a oould possibly uso. Wo oaoh had a bedroom, entered from the front vevanduh, and our oormnon sitting and dining room lny- between tho two, and was as well our ofliee, smoking-room, library, ond musio-room, for Mr. Maogregor had a good selection ot books, and a splen did pianoforte and harp for the uso of his two daughters, who bad acoompaniod him borne. Our household consisted solely of our two solvon, Alco. Pnyno, the head stookman, who uicjkju uvui luu niutuiuo, nu uov lllJu iiuu tempered old Saotohwoman named Meg, who oooked and did for us generally, who lived somewhere in unknown parts at the hack of the house, and who claimed to be distantly akin to the ' Maister,' and tyrannised over us accordingly, nnd a singularly handsome oollay fllut named Fly, who looitfed in spots, indifferently in mine or Jim's bedroom, at her own swoot will and sovereign pleasure. ' Tha station hands had their huts at oon Bidorablo distanoes, and wa raroly saw any of them, exoopt when they oamo to the house for rations, or on other busineHa. Halcyon days, indeed, woro those wo passed in tho soft, sweet Australian spring. Fishing in tbo Goulburu, Bhooting in tho hills, knnga rooing on tho flats, with plenty of healthful employment to keep us from rusting, who oould have been happier than Jnok Alley ne, that was myself, and Jim Wolah, tho managers and residents of tho Gap Station. But our time of unalloyed happiness waa not to last. Tbo blacks took to spoaring our oattlo. Why thoy did it wo could not tell, for wo had always treated the fsw who had nbown up on tho run with the utmost kindness. Where they came from wo oould not oonjeo turo, for thoro wore praotioally nono belong ing to our irainediato neighbourhood. None, in foot, of auy acoount, nearer than the Warrigal tribes of Gippeland. Thoy werolforooious and misohjevoua onoURl wo know, but we oould not imagine that they ?would leave their native haunts so far away the southward, and oross tho all but inac cessible, faatnesEoo of tho main range to dona an injury. Wo conld not aoeount for their presence, wo oould find no reaBon for thoir nota, unless, indcoil, they wero some wander ing tribo who had been badly used by the whito man somewhere, and were rovenging themselves indiscriminately on friend and foe alike. But there was the unmistakable fact. We wero first made aware of it by Alco. our head stoakman, riding up to the house in hot haeta one forenoon with the intelligence. Ha had, so he informed ns, been out to one of the oattlo campa, and returning by tho foot of tbo hill had oamo across blood marks on tho grass. Following them up he had found the remains of a young strawberry heifer, ono of our ohoioeat breed. The blaoka had carried off some of tbo flesh, and had left the rost to tho hawks. Waa he auro it was the blacks who, had done it? Quite Bare. There was no mistake about that, for he had Been', the mark of the spear thrusts. He had ridden up to the house aa fast as he oonld, to seo what Wh&t; waa to be done? ' Ah 1 that was a poser. Find the marauding sooundrels. Just bo. But where to find them ? Where to look for them? They were miles away, no doubt, gono thia way or that, who oould tell 7 It was our first experience with blacks, that ie to say with misobievous ones, and wo were com pletely at a loss how to act in the emergency. Jim and I, calling Alec to our counsels, sat up late that night discussing tho matter, al though with but littlo result further than that we determined to keep a striot look out for tho thieves in future. We might as well have saved ourselves the trouble. Do what wo oould, rido to and fro on the run, early and late, as wo might, we never oould oome across them. Had wa had nativo traokcrs we might probably havo found their trail, and hunted them off, for the blaoks have a wonderful instinct, and a naturnllovo for this bloodhound kind of work— it is strange, indeed, how tha partially civilised aboriginal takes a ornel delight in traokfng and, it may be, slaughtering his own aonntrymen, oven those of his own tribe, but bo it is— but we had no traokcrs, and were totally unacquainted with tbo bushcraf t and the thousand and ono shifts and tricks of these cunning denizens of the woods and wilds f or oonoealing themselves and eluding pursuit. Bat of their presence wa had ample proof, for hardly a day passed that we did not get xeporba of freBh outrages. Not oontent with slaughtering an occasional beast for food, they had, as is their wont, taken to spearing our cattle indiscriminately, and for sheer lovo of bloodshed. Who could tell how soon they, treacherous and vindiotivo as they were, would fly at higher game, and would take to killing human beings as well as cattle. At nil events we went continually armed, we and the stookman too, with revolvers, and should doubtloBfl havo given good account of some of them, could wo have found thorn, whioh as I havo said, wo could not. Then for a. timo ciuno a cessation ot hostilities, as it were. They seemed to havo quitted our part of the oountry for wohad no further alarms, and were jest beginning to oonp.ratulp.to ourselves in having got rid ol our troublesome visitors, when almost simul taneously wo honrd'of no fewer than three fine young head of onttio being fotrad slaughtered in widoly different parts of tho run. We wera at our wit's end, but dearly something must be done, and at once. This kind of thing oould not bo permitted to go on. But how to prevent it 1 Why the wretohea had eleotad to commit their depredntions on our run, or whether they hnd extended them to other parts of the district we did not know. Again wo held a oouncil of war, and oguin we felt ourselves powerlesi to cope with tho evil. We felt acrtain that tha blacks wero about in force, but whether thoy were oamped in the dense bush that bordered our run, or whether, as was most likely, thoy had their head quarters in the rugged mountain rnngea to the north ward of uo, wo wero unablo to say. It is as certain however that thoy were not located on tha run, as, had tboy been, we shonld have been sure to bava fallen in with tho marks ot their fires, it not with tho ruins of their wurloys of branches of bark. \Vo sat lato in tho night without having arrived at any settled plan of operations, further than that Jim Welsh hnd expressed his determination to rido over to Oarfrae's the following morn ing, and consult with our neighbour as to what had best bo done. Perhaps that was tbe best thing after all, for Mr. Carfrae had been a long time in the colony, and mifl[ht reasonably bo supposed to bo bsttor acquainted with tho habits of the savage tribes, and the best method ot dealing with them than we. Still, I felt a strange, and altogether unacoountablo repugnance to lotting Jim go. A singular vague promonition ot evil whioh would not aoaumo any tangible shape and whioh eluded my mental grasp at tho Ef.me time as it would not be laughed away. Attcs an early breakfast, Jim BftCdled his horno, and prepwod for a start, ridiouling my groundless icor/i and attompts to induce him not to venture. His argument was unanswer ablo ' Our plain duty ia clear,' ho said, ' wo havo already lost something like a score of our prime cattle, we havo been totally unablo to put atop to the miBohief, and unless we tako some deoided step there is no telling what tho result will be.' I could not contradict this, of oourao, and oould only adviso him to be oareful, and to keep as much as possible in open country, ' Novev foar,' ha replied oheortully, ' I am well armed, and tho black scoundrels have too wholesome a terror ot the white man'a thunder and lightning to venture within ooooy o£ me.' Notwithstanding this, it was with a sinking at my heart that I saw him tighten his girths, vault into the saddlo, and canter gaily over tho grasay Btretoh of tho homo paddook in tho direction of tho gap. I watohed him until ho wob out of sight, shading my eyes with my hand, from the bright rays of tho morning sun, and then I turned into the house with somothing liko a eigh, determined to drive away my uneasy thoughts by writing long letters home. In vain, tho inspiration would not oome. I Mun^r.v,,,! nU hnnrrlnd thtnntlh Itl» florrgR pondonno for two hours or moro, and thon gavo it up in disgust. I waa ever hauntod by tbo nhadow of a nameless, formless fear, a hidden terror, that, like tho 'Dwellers on the Threshold' of whjoh wo road, I had no dis tinct comprehension, but whioh was, none the less, there. It waa a clear warm day, tho silonoo was almost oppressive, and by-and-byo, lulled by tbe faint but over present hum o£ tho bush, I fell into a light but troubled slumber. My dreama, it dreams they oould be called wero, as my wnking thoughts had been, ' without form and void,' yet dimly shadowerod by a presontiment of impending ill. \- 1 know not how long I slept, but all at onoa I waa roused from my unrest, by a long, loud, hall howl, half wail of a dog, so weird, so in oxpresaibly Bad, that it seemed to turn my vory blood to ice. I awoke with a start, and went out at tho open door. As I stopped out upon the vorandah, Fly, our collie dog aama whining and orouohing to roy feet, and crouohed tremblingly behind mo, as if in mortal terror. At tho same moment my eyes wero blasted with a now Gorgon. Coming slowly up tho path, not twenty yards from mo, and gliding rather than walking, waa a form, tha form of my cousin, Jim Welsh, whom I had Boen start for Carfcao'a oomo hours beforo. Palo to lividneoH, shadowy, ethereal, with a look of pain on his erstwhile hnndtsome fatso, and a orimson blotch of blood welling from a deep gish in his broafit. I Blood na if turned to marble, powerless to move, powerless to npoulr, powerless, almost, to think. Was 1. Btill dreaming.? No. There ho was, plainly palpable before mo. I felt my eyes dilate. I felt ray hair stiffen on my head. , I folt my henrt throb as if it would burst, and still all I oould do was to gaze- entranced and spell-bound in silent, nameless horror. My broitth oaino fast and thick, and . as it oama nearer and still nearer, with a euprome effort I gasped rather than spoke ' JimV ? The form waved its hand in tho direction ot the gap, a emila spread over the anguished aountonanos, and then it slowly melted into air. Was I thon mad ? No, no, a thousand times . no, although it wan eurely enough to have driven ma no. I was as sane aa I am now. : Wbat it v?ao, or whether it was, I did not, I do not speoulate. I only know thst I saw it. I toll you I snio it. Vox a timo I stood inoa p&blo; of motion or reasonable thought. Thon oamo the reaction. With a hoarse, harsh half laugh, half eob, I bounded forward to where it hnd stood. There was nothing, I might have known that. I did know it. I ran round to the stable, hastily saddled a horse, nnatohed up my revolver, mounted, and hatltis3, coatlesu, as I was, gallopped down the homo paddook. Where waa I going ? I hardly knew. I had but one feeling, one idea, that of hitter vengeanoo on tho perpetrators ot this foul deed, for that b foul deed had baon done I knew.only too well. I headed for the rooky bluffa that formed the Gip, and bathed in perspiration, nnd with tho hot fire of hatred at my heart; sped across tha intervening down. Did I think of danger, ot death perhaps, to myself? No, Itsvongol E^vangel Soon I reached tho Gap. All still, oil silent. The grim walla homcued me. in on either band, but told me nothing. Deeper and deeper into the gloomy &i; file I passed, deeper and deeper otill, but nothing. Not a sight, not a sound savo the clatter t,n& ring of my horse's iron Bbod hoofs over the ' rough boulders, I dismounted, and Blowly led my horBo over tho rugged traok for it was un Bat'j to ride. Moro dismal, more wildly soli tary grow tbe scone, a quarter ot a mile, halt a mile, a mile, and then — At last. There be lay. Yes, there he lay. All there was loft of him. Of my friend, ot dear, true hearted, handaomo Jim. Dead I Dead I Alas 1 Alas I Daad 1 Dead I Killed by a spear thrust, treacherously hurled 'from behind a rook, as he waa riding, or probably leading his horse, through tho defile. A spear thrust which entering his book, had oomo' out at bis breast, and had deft his heart in , twain. There, at my feet, on hid back, with a sinila on his pallid Iip3, gazing blindly into my face with glazed eyco, aa if in mookery of my unutterable woe. Do I feel ehatua in saying that tha team fell hot and fast from my eyes upon thatoold faoe, that my kissea wero impressed on that litelesa hand, whioh had nnver b&tore; mut mine savo in the warm grip of friendship? Not I. A man sheds tears but seldom,. bat whon ho does, they are, as it were, tears of blood. How long I stood looking wistfully into tho faoo of my dead friend I know not, I folt my hoart throb almost to breaking, I felt my brain whirl into dim unconsciousness, and then, kind heaven cent relief to my over charged feelings. The grim defile, the hash beyond, It at my feet, oeemed to swim round mo. All earthly things wera blotted out, and I fell forward in a swoon, and all was dark. But the awakening, oh I tbo awa'terng. But tbe awakening, oh 1 tbe awakening. I found myself lying on a couch in tho front room of our house. I awoke as it might ba after a heavy sleep and I know not where I was. For a timo I lay only partially riori Boioua, yet still entirely conscious of seeing formB I knew around me. Alec. PAyne, Doctor Rao from the township, and a fam&lo.; with a face stranga to mo, stood round my bed. I lay, dimly trying to Rather up the tangled threads of memory, which seemed to have been woven into a kind of inextrioablo con fusion. I tried to raise my hand, and it fell back on tho oounterpano, Boomingly a3 henvy aa lead. And then, I spoke, or rather, as it seemed to mo, someone eleo appeared to speck my thought, so weak and gasping was the voioe. 'Where am I?' I asked. / ' Thank God,' ejaonlated tho Doctor, ' the worst ia over. Mmd and memory aro return ing.' ' For a time I lay Btill, trying to think of tho meaning of what he said, and then, as in an instant, the tide flowed. It all aama back to mo. AU, all. The mysterious visitant, the gloomy gorge, the do ad body of my friend at my feet. I had aa they tojd me, been found lying across the oorpso of Jim in tbo gap, found by Alco. Payne, who had from a distance seen ma galloping wildly in that direction,- and who, suspecting something waB wrong had followed on foot. I had boon ill, very ill, nearly at deaths' door, down with a violent brain fever, for days', ever sinco, but, thank God, tho danger was past. As for the appari tion I had seen, Dr. Ilia discoursed learnedly on pByohology nnd lundrod mnUciB, proved to his own satisfaction, doubtless — that at tho timo I saw it, or was supposed to have seen it, I was under tbe infiuenoo of incipient brain fever, induced by worry and work and tho trouble consequent on the ravngoa mado on our stook by the blacks. Ho persuaded mo that it was all fanoy, imagination, the out come of a hoat oppressed brain, all tho rest of it, by %vbioh ooiontists try to explain tho un explainable. Porhaps he wia right. I do not know, oommon senso would toll me that ho waa right, and that it waa only in my own dis turbed brain and mind that fatal vision had been. That is, no doubt, a Buflioieutly lucid explanation, but for all that, I Bay, as Sbaka Bpoaio snya ' There are moro things in Heaven and earth Horatio Than ever you dreamt of in your philosophy. ' I say with rogard to the spirit or ghost, or what you will, of poor murdered Jim Welsh, my cousin, and my heart's friend, as I have said before— I caw it. Tho decipherers of the papyri whioh have been brought to Vienna from El Payoum, have learned from ono ot thorn tho existence ot a town in lower Egypt, all trace of which seems to havo disappeared for tho last 1,200 ypar.i. Tho document is a piipyrns, a littlo over -1ft. long by lit. wide, containing a mar riaga contract in Grcok, and is well preserved. ? Tho date is not given, .but^ProfcBBors Kara baook and Wesseley bolievo it belongs to tho early part of the sixth oentury, Tho hride' groom was named Thcon, tho bride Maiie.i She had ft fortuno ot her own amounting to 100 gold pieces, and tho future hu3b»ud en RRgea to find for her food and olothibg, nnd everything Buitablo for '? on ordinary legiti mnto wife.' There are witnesses ami a notarial oortifioate. All tbo parties aroclo-. soribed as belonging to tho town ol Jnsthn opolia. Tho editors deolaro that thoy oan find no montion of this plaoo among any lists ol tha towns, oto., of Lowor Egypt. ' Forty varieties of rioo aro grown in Bur mah, tho latent additions to tho territories of Great Britaiu. Theeo ranpo in hue from whito to blaok. Burmah also produoos many other kinds of gdiblo grains, one of whioh ia . known as Job'a Tenre. According to Dr. Thomas Mooro this giws denvas its namo from tho large, round, shilling irnit it bears, in wbioh oan be traoed somo resemblance to tears. It occurs iu Japan as woll as the Asiatia continent. ? __ ' .. ? ' . -,. ... .5'!, ?«.--- -? .^:;:ctW««^ 