The Mysterious Bell-ri?ngisigs. A great, strange, desolate, awful old house stands in a quarter of New Orleans which once was fashionable, but which is now a larking-place for negroes, European immi grants, desperadoes, and malaria. Isolated, four huge stories in height, its material a solemn, dark- brown, stony brick, its front distinguished by two projectingcres cents, its basement windows dungeon-like, with wrought-iron gratings, it gtves you the idea of a French chilteau rather than of an American dwelling. This aristocratic appear. ance is enhanced by the solid architecture of the stables, and by an enclosing wall nine feet in height, fringed with long iron spikes. It is still further enhanced by an unmistak able air of solitude, neglect, and decay. Many panes of glass are broken; some of the windows are closed up with gray, cob webbed boards ; the foundations of the front steps are loosened, and the stones are sliding down; no trace anywhere of sweeping, dust ing, repairing, or any other manner of care. In-a quarter teeming with unfortunates, who would be only too glad of substantial shelter, this lordly mansion is uninhabited. Not a human face ever looks from the bleared win dows ; not a human foot ever disturbs the dust on the slanted doorsteps. An ominous circumstance, which has the air of marking the place for eternal loneliness, is afastening of rusty nails and wire across the handle of the bell-pull. Before this house gained the evil fame of being haunted, and while it was still familiar to the feet of the aristocracy of New Orleans, Mr. Henry Vanderlyn, then only twenty-four years old, rang one day at his door-bell. No answer. He ranig again and waited; he looked at the windows to see if the place was inhabited; he took a third pull at the agate knobi; still no answer. Meanwhile, either through the enormous key-hole or through the spacious crack at the bottom of th;cdoor, both so chalacteristic of Southern arcbitecture, he could hear stealthy steps and cnutious whisperings. ".Do they take me for a robber?" he queried; " or is there a negro insurrection panic abroad?" His patience gave out, and he was about to depart, when a close coupb drove up to the curb-stone. A lady in deep mourning, who was so veiled that be could not distinguish her features, but whose form and carriage exhaled a delicious odor of youth and dis tinction, pushed open the door of the vehicle with a small, gloved hand, and presently stood on the broad steps of the mansion. For a moment the two faced each other without speaking; then he ventured to say: "Am I addressing Mrs. Taillefer?" " Ah, Mr. Vanderlyn I "she answered; "so you have come on, as you promised. What a pity that I receive no one I However,"- after a brief hesitation-"I will receive you. Please come in." Instead of touching the bell, she rapped on the door with thehead of her parasol. It was at once opened. Within stood two mulatto girls and a negro man; they seemed to be trembling, as it with fright. " We didn't dast open befo','cause it rung," stammered the negro, in a whisper, mean while bowing in ceremonious apology. "Never mind," replied Mrs. Taillefer, in an impatient tone and with a gesture which commanded silence. "If Mr. Pilkington calls, let him in. No one else." Signing to Vanderlyn to follow her, she led the way into a parlor, spacious and lofty enough for a ball-room, and rich with old, carved, mahogany furniture. " Have the kindness to sit down," she said. "You see that 1 ought not to have received yoe. I am in mourning for the death of my husband. But you had come so far, I did not feel that I ought to send you away. Be. sides, you contributed so much to our plea. ure'it Saratitga.I aim delighted to welcome you." Under the cironmstances Vanderlyn was slightly shocked at such classio terseness and repose. At Saratoga he had studied the Taillefers carefully, and, as he thought, pro foundly; he had set down Anthony Taillefer as a devoted husband, and Diane Taillefer as a happy wife; he had supposed that, in case of the death of either, the survivor would grieve passionately, "Hence the Sallustian brevity of that announcement: "I am in mourning for the death of my husband," struck him temporarily dumb. His unpleasant impressions were instantly dissipated when the widow drew aside her veil and revealed that face which had charmed his previous summer into a season of the Isole Felici. Such eyes I So intensely blaoi, yet of so many shades of blackness, and so full of dazzling lights I Whenever Vanderlyn tried to analyze Mrs. Taillefer's face, with the initention of determining whether it were'entirely beautiful or not, he began and ended with looking at her eyes. It is known to us, however, that she was a brilliant brunette, with features slightly aquiline in type, enclosed in a fine oval. Her expression was oalm, self-posessed, well-bred; but, as people who were not bewitched by her de clared, it was unpleasantly cold: if not dis tinctly selfish, it was at least unsympathetio. In figure she was taller- and more graceful than most women of French blood; and her carriage was singularly upright, imposing, and, one might say, imperial. Vanderlyn gazed at her with the delicate sympathy, the almost religious respect, which the young and pure must grant to beauty in mourning. The chivalrous admiration with which this woman had inspired him, and by means of which she had drawn him a thous and miles merely to look upon her once more developed for the first time into something akin to love. He was reudy to clutch himself by the throat with anger, when he discovered that, in spite of the sanctity of her fresh weeds, he was contemplating the possibility of wooing her. After a little conversation-not about the dead, or the widowhood; only about that pleasant season in Sarrgota-Vanderlyn, in his youthful delicacy, rose to leave. "Don't go," urged Mrs. Toillefer. "Don't suppose that you are annoying me. I should not have lot you in had that been possible. I have not half done questioning you about things and people at the North. In spite of our local vanity, the Northie our metropolis. When a New Yorker comes here, he is a Parisi's ejererorince. Stay to dinner. And while I go and dress, amuse yourself, in your mascauline way, with books and pictures." While she was gone, Vanderlyn inspected a row of venerable oil.paintings, mainly of the French, but a few of the Spanish and Italian schools, such as ade to be found in New Orleans in greater numbers than in any other American city. Presently he heard a knock at the outer door; theh came a slow, ponderous, groining advance through the hall; then he turned to look at a visitor. The new-comer was a man of prodigious and plethorio corpulence. Altheough of the ordinary height, he seemed short, in conse quence of the unwieldly size of his abdomen and the defoimed hugeness of his head. The locks, of long, thin oily-brown hair behind his ears were carefully combed upward and forward, to conceal as much as possible the baldness of his shiny and spotted scalp. He was almost devoid of eyebrows and eyelashes, and the edges of his swollen lids were fiery with intslammation. Under the eyes were brownish and dropsical bags, the distress sig nals of long andoeruelindigeestions. The rest of his face-the vnst forehead and temples, the flaccid, drooping tumors of his cheeks, the sad procession of double chins which de scended inlo his cravat-had been stained to a nifoirm dill, thick yellow by the nialairia of Louisiana. Althoughdresecd in thielatest faeehion, his form rxcited both' disgust and pity, so gross and helpless was its crapulence. His breath came in hoars;e wheezes, prophetic of 'anty degeneration of the heart, or of the crash of apoplexy. But, hideous, eumbersome, and doubtless in pain as this man'was he had an air of gen tility, or, at least, of courtliness. On per. ceiving Vanderlyn, hi bowed, with a slow, megatherian grace,and said, in a voice which was mellow, despite its huskiness, " Good morning, air. Excuse my not observing you on my fi~st entrance. The darkness of the apirtment, sir." Then he carefully settled himself upon a sofa (no chair in the room was big enough to contain him), holding his hat between the table-lands of his knees, and groaning for breath with an air of suppressed distress. " May I enquire whether you have business with Mrs. Tailleferl" he asked, after Van derlyn had made some commonplace response to his salutation. "If so, I will retire." "'Not at all. I am simply an acquaintance. I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. and Mrs. Taillefer at the North last summer." "Ah I excuse my question. I thought you might have called on business, as Mrs. Taillefer receives so few people. You are, doubtless, aware that her husband has lately deceased." Vanderlyn suspected that this courteous monster wished him to go away; but he did not feel disposed, nor, indeed, at liberty to aecord that gratification. "Mrs. Taillefer has just informed me of her husband's death," he observed. " She is dressing at present, I believe. I have no doubt she will be willing to see you, if your name is Pilkington." "Ah I thank you," replied the corpulent gentleman, opening his inflamed eyes in olight astonishment, but not forgetting to bow. "My name is Pilkington. So you are doubtless, well acquainted with Mrs. Taillefer ?" he continued, unable to repress an air of interest. "I presume to congratu late you, sir. A most charming and admir able woman I She informed you, then, of the death of her lamented and noble husband. Doubtless she needs sympathy. Did she, perhaps mention to you this annoying little affair of the bell-ringings? No? Well, she undohbtedly will do so. A very curious mystery, those same bell-ringings." " I should be happy to hear about them, if there is no impropriety-if Mrs. Tail leter "Of course she would not object," inter. rpted Pilkington, turning purple with the effort at courteous haste. "Public talk, my dear sir; all over New Orleans already. It is an exceedingly singular case, either of spiritual manifestations, or of outrageous persecution. If you don't object, I will tell you the story. There will be plenty of time. We know these ladies, ash. They are a long while in changing their attire when it is a question of receiving a handsome and ao complished young gentleman." "I am exceedingly obliged to you," bowed Vanderlyn, quite prostrated by such a torrid simoon of civility. "It is a mere little matter of bell-ringing," continued the immense Pilkington, with a smile broad enough for a planet. "A ridio ulous little door bell. Only fancy the absurd. ity of it. I should say, however, that there are several bells in the plot. But it was the mischievous little bronze at the front door which began it. When that was temporarily tied up, all the other bells took up the olatter, Positively I must be allowed to stigmatise it as a clatter," he explained with an apologetical bow. "I am a Southener, sir, and I pride myself on using the diction of Addison, as is the case with our Southern gentry. But in this instance I must be allowed the commonplace word, clatter. Such an impertinent, worrying noise, my dear sir 1 However, I will begin with the door-bell, that is, at the entrance of my story, Pardon my little jokes, sir. Humor, bacohant humor, sweetens life. Are youn not fond of it your. self, sir? `I have no doubt, judging from your genial expression, that you frequently indulge in it." After puffing and perspiring for a moment over his spirit of wit, he resumed: "Well, to my tale, as the poet says. The Taillefers, you must know, are one of our old families. French blood, sir, and agood vintage. This noble mansion was erected by Eastace Tail lefer, father of Anthony, or Antoine. Eus. tace was at that time one of the wealthiest planters, and was always one of our highest toned gentlemen. A bit expensive, a little disposed to rirre, a good deal in debt at last, but ilways high-toned. Well, sir, he died it is the common lot of humanity-he bowed to it with his native courtesy. That was only five years ago. Anthony undertook to economise and clear the estate. But he got married. He won a splendid wife, sir-a leader of society, a queenly creature. The devill such a woman must have her dresses; shemiust live in a style suitable to her ; don't you see it? We can't blame her; we sympa thise with her. But the result was that the estate did not get cleared." Here he paused, looking at Vanderlyn's face with attention, as if to see whether he had begun to produce his effect. It seemed as though he were endeavouring to show the young man that here was a woman who must not be sought for, unless the seeker were armed with along purse. As Vanderlyn had a puree of some one hundred thousand pounds, he did not feel pungently alarmed. "Perhaps we may venture to suppose," continued the man-mountain," that Anthony Taillefer's life was shortened by his financial difficulties. His death was sudden, sir frightfully sudden. Credulous people have asserted that he used-poison to hasten it. Some of the symptoms reminded physicians of strychnine. However, that is absurd-I venture to say sabsfrd. Taillefer was broken; had too heavy a load, couldn't last longer. Well, sir, on the day after the funeral, curi ously enough-on the very day after-began this little'bell. This mee-serable little bell," he repeated, with an emphatic grin. "The wretched ting.a-ling-ling I Of course, it was supposed that someone had called. Thefoot man opened the door, and found-nobody I Imagine the fright of a nigger-an ignorant superstitious nigger-when this was re e?lted, when it happened a dozen times a day I Ting-a- ling-ling: door flies open; nobody there. Nigger slams the door to, and rushes back to the yard, as white as a nigger can be. All the asrvants took fright; really you can't blame them. Taillefer but just buried, and that ting-a- ling.ling in thehouse -an incomprehensible, ghostly ting-a.ling lins." Mr- Pilkington seemed to enjoy his own eloqueice. His unctuous smile played all over Vanderlyn, like a spout from an engine hobarged with sweet-oil. But beneath this eatisfaction and geniality therewasa twinkle of inspection and calculation, as if he were studying to see how the tale affected the young man, and how much more of it would be necessary to produce some desired re sult. " You may suppose-of course, my dear sir, you have inferred-that the mystery has made a noise. As I am the businessagentot MIrs. Tailleler I took the matter in hand. I have had all the pundits of New Orleans here. One thought it was electricity; an other, that it wasa trick of the servants. It was suggested that I should out the bell wire. I had it cut. The extraordinary result was that the trouble increasedten-fold. Themys tery rang all the bells- it rang them one by one, and it rang them together; it rang them behind our backs, and before our eyes. It is most extraordinary-it is absolutely un earthly. My dear sir, I almost feelatliberty to say to you that you are in a hiulited house." The young man did not knoo whpit to think nor how to feel. On the one hand,the idea that Mrs. Taillefer was persecuted by n ghost, or by a mystery which simulated the ghostly mode of action, tended to give her the interest of romance and- make her more attractive. On the other hand, there seemed to be an undercurrent of meaning in Mr. Pilkington-an insinuation that there bad been something unnatural or evil, in the life of this family; that there was something perilous about the lady who now represented it.' Scarcely had these conflicting ideas crossed their rapier points in his mind, when Mrs. Taillefer entered the room and inter rupted the duel. The weight of four hundredpounds of flesh and the distress of untold diseases could not prevent Mr. Pilkington from rising and greeting her with elaborate courtesies. When she tranquilly gave him her hand, he bent over it with the air of dropping a kiss upon it. There was an expression of real jealousy, and of counterfeit triumph in heis jaundiced eyes? as he glanced at Vanderlyn, and said: "Southern chivalry, my dear sir. We worship divinity." "Mr. Pilkington," observed Mrs. Taillefer, with a slightly repressive intonation," this is Mr. Vanderlyn, of New York, a very kind friend of mine. Perhaps .you will find him useful in your investigations." Mr. Pilkington's huge countenance fell; his jealousy upset his late triumph. "Ah, certainly," he replied, with well oiledreadiness. "You must understand, Mr. Variderlyn-I am extremely happy to makeo your acquaintance, sir-that Mos- Tailleferis annoyed by an incomprehensible and villainous persecution- There is a myster ious bell- ringing about the house," he went on, as if he had never mentioned the subject before, " It is a serious disturbance. I have done myself the honor to offer to examine the mystery thoroughly. I pro pose to stay in the house night and day until I have detected the authors of the trick. I shall be happy-as Mrs. Taillefer graciously permits-to have your company and seieS tance." "Nothing would please me better," said Vanderlyn. " I have often wanted to hunt a ghost." Pilkington's countenance descended still lower, until it seemed likely to cover his whole person-a gigantic apron of gloomy blubber. The two men ate at the house that day and passed the night there. To both of them Mrs. Taillefer was charming; it was very easy for her to be so. Meantime, there were occasional tintinna bulations without discoverable cause. The bell-wires had been cut, as Pilkington had said, but had been replaced in order to pro. voke fresh manifestations, with a view to discovering the origin of the disturbance; and, the moment the wires were in working order, the ghost was at them. Thrice during the afternoon a sharp jingling sent Vander. lyn into the hall and Pilkington to the win dow. In vain: nobody was at the door; no. body was in the passages. If the originator of the clamor were a living human creature, he was sly and quick enough to deserve a ghost's highest praise. Of the servants be was, for a while, grimly suspicious; he believed that the "everlast ing nigger " was at the bottom of this, as of all other Southern troubles; but, after close watching, he was obliged to clear the Taillefer Africans of the charge of of counterfeiting spectres. Horribly afraid of the "obi," they remained silent and brooding, like dispirited hens, in their own corner of the establish. ment, whispering about "vondoos," gather ing into knots when the bell rang, and obey ing the summons with extreme reluctance, (Co?zcluded ins our next.) 