MR. LOCKE RICHARDSON. Mr. Locke Richardson, an elocutionary artist of some renown, whose recitals have baaa listened to with great interest in the other colo niee, made bis first appearance in Adelaide at the Albert Hall on Saturday night, when he created a very favorable impression, and \\-f hia own unaided efforts entertained for nearly two hours a large and well-pleased auditory, Mr. Bichardson'B subject on thi3 occasion beine Dickens'a 'Christmas OaroL' There are cf course many thousands of Dickens's admirers to whom every page of the 'Oarol' is quits familiar, but on the other hand there are many ?who, while they are well versed enough in tha doiugB of Pickwick, Nicholas Nickleby, aud many other of the notable characters which Did' cs invented, have but a limited kaow lcrg-e of the beautiful Carol which, has been denned as the best charity sermon that was ever written, It is because of thia per haps — that the work pertains to tha character of a sermon, that it is less widely known than many other works of the great delineator of human nature, and it therefore speaks well & or the confidence of the reciter in bis powers to enchain the attention of bis audience that he should iave made a selection of this subject for his opening enter tainnaent. Christmas in the colonies comes to ate in such utterly different guise to tha Christmas of the old country that ite traditions and its customs are in a measure lost to us, and consequently the teachings of the 'Carol '3tav« not the same application here that they have ' at home. ' Our rising generation have Ho little acquaintance with ice and snow that they can hardly recognise the frost and icicled figure of Father Christmas, and have only a transmitted knowledge of the junketings and mummeries that are incident to the season in colder dimes ?; never having assisted at the feaslaogB and merriments of which Toast beef, plnmpudding, and mistletoe boughs are indispensable ad juncts. Neither have they had to welcome the visitors who amv6 on Christmas Eve after a tedious journey through sleet and snow, or eat round the brightly burning yule log into the small boors of the morning with awe striken ctnmtenances to the traditional exploits of the family ghost. Santa Clans us only re garded as a sort of foreign personage who bring* presents that are always acceptable, but are scarcely connected da tha mind of the receiver with the gteat^Onxtstian festival t&at; TroikB such wonderful in fluence in causing a feeling of «hs*ity and good will to reign amongst men, and the 'waits' and the 'carol' aw bat transient episodes that may «*iry be omitted from the keeping ef -Obnflbn*Bia%he sunny climes of the south. We allude to-these facts because the appropriateness -of Otofcens's work is in a measure lost to us here, and ite grand teachings x-f charity at «uch a season are in a measure misapplied to our cbmmssnlty. Itrwffl be eeen then that If Sic Rtcha&sOB; could with eech -a -subject-bold *is ondieaca enthralled -from Ms opening to Ins dosing utterances be must have invested ma recital with qualities of a distinctive nature, depend ing largely upon bis own ability, and thia he was certainly successful in doing. Tall, of gbotl figure, and intellectual countenance, 'the reciter 'favorably impresses the auditory on his entrance, and commencing tis dis course in -a somewhat subdued undertone, Iba listener has some -doubts as to whether 1^8 voice 'will Tealiee tbe -expectations that have - been formed of it. Unlike tin Rev. Ohatfes ?Clarke's, It is not musically bell-like in tone, neither bra it the clear resonant qualities of Walter l&bntgeicery;'s -organ j ta& as tbe recital 'proceeds the andiottca discover why Mr. SiehawfcoB has taetfri ranked slot gflide these fattmrn ehtertaiaSHJ — because be has the same power of interestiug and holding his audience, - although hiss method and manner may be different1 to' theirs. iVw OFn*'«WB^oi»oBes.we; will suppose thai our re*d««*» fftniliar yrta the itory «I the w Christmas t»*t-lj' *nd **» the miserly Scrooge waa liroufcnMo***!*™™ his own «0ld1graspMigiMaure*y**e»nV«i *hir^ accompanied by a AoiHyja^nt*,*?^ shown various pictures «t poverty at Christ 39 mwAuie, and is made to realise tow utterly biendleea be would ba at Mb death, and * how - bia means are , ample to enable him to relieve the necessities and add 'to the pleasure of thoaa whom he bad previously regarded as a cruribrance on the earth. As he proceeded with his subject Mr. .Richardson gradually and most effectively die- '_ played tin powers of the elocutionist. He re lated in matter of fact tones the everyday inci dents that occurred in Scrooge's office ; then pictured with touching tenderness the home o£ Tiney Tim, and in gleeful accents and amusing modulations of tone described the Christmas cheer that was exhibited in the batchers' and thegroeera' chops, and told with wonderful unctuousness how the Cratchitt family revelled in the enjoyment of that famous Btuffed goose and the mystery and development of the historical plum padding. The audience laughed at the simple glee of the youngsters as they pictured them gathered around the festive board, and applauded all the points that were evoked from the game of blind-man's buff as though the relation of the story came to them as an unexpected novelty. Again were they pleased with the humor and change of tone and dialect (hat were introduced into the Irishwoman's sale of Scrooge's effects to the Jew in the pawnshop, and wherever the subject; was moEt impressive in its teachings they lis tened with careful attention to the homily of the reciter. In the couree of the evening we found that Mr. Richardson was artistically nurturing his powere ; that he had in no way exhausted bis elocutionary and dramatic acquirements, and that in a succession of entertainments he has scope enough in bis voice and his know ledge of character to afford a pleasing variety, and a judiciousness in the treatment of his subject to make each change acceptable to bis audiences. His method throughout is excellent, as he does not waste his energies; makes no attempt at overelabora tion, but while in the colloquial and subsidiary passages he maintains a quietly subdued tone, his voice is heatd with full force and pene trating power in the more dramatic episodes, or vibrates with true feeling wherever pathos is demanded. He speaks without bosk, en tirely from memory. Hie actions axe few, and graceful, and his byplay limited, thus affording to -his performance a dignity in keeping with the excellent moral lesson tbat is to be derived fiom the ' Christmas Carol.' Mr. Locke Richardson gave his second recital in the Albert Hall on Tuesday evening in the presence of a select and appreciative auditory, his subject being Shakespeare's play, ' The Merchant of Venice.' Mr, Kicaard Eon was loudly applauded on his entrance, and received throughout the evening the cordial approval of his listeners. In ' The Merchant of Venice' the reciter lias full scope for his elocutionary efforts in delineating the varied characters who are brought _ upon the Ecene in what to the ordinary spec tator is one of the most gratifying of Shakespeare's productions. Even when full justice is meted out to the Jew, and when his fatherly claims are allowed on behalf of his daughter JesBica, there is always a feeling of satisfaction left in the mind of the onlooker that the fearful terms demanded by the usurer have been overthrown by Portia's subtle rea sonings, and that Shylcck'e bond demanding a pound of Antonio's flesh has been broken. Thus the interest of the piece is well maintained until the wise young judge has pronounced his final decision. Mr. Richardson opens his discourse with a few apologetic words for the Jew, in which he fairly illustrates the civil and religious disabili ties under which the Hebrew race were living at the period of the play, and thus in a mea snre accounts for Shylock's deep feelings of re venge against the Christians who would barrow his money and then spit upon him and call him a cut-throat cur. The reciter interlards his explanations in those portions of the play that may reasonably be omitted, and thus carries on the story without the frequent interjections that would otherwise result from the dialogue of subsidiary characters. All the leading dramatis persons are brought prominently into view, and all the beauties of the play preserved by the speaker. He does not fall into the error of picturing Shylock as a low and illiterate Hebrew, but avoids the exaggerations of voice and manner which we sometimes see on the stage, depending upon his dramatic resources to irake the famous trial scene full of absorbing interest. All the characters were ably de picted, but Mr. Bichardson was specially effec tive.in his personifications of Shylosk, Gxatiano, JBarsanio, and Portia, and was very humorous as tbe penile Sobbo, and his odd and facetious son Lacncelot. An entertainment which will have the attrac tion of novelty, and will commend itself for other reasons to a musical audience, will be given in the lown Hall on Monday, Septem ber 19, when Mr. Joseph Pfleger, the 'famous zither player, will make his first public ap pearance in Adelaide. This gentleman has made a life study of his favorite instrument, on which he has given performances in the prin cipal cities of Europe before arriving in Mel bourne, where he has established the Zither Club. He has great manipu lative power, and displays much deli cacy of touch and artistic feeling in his performances, as was exemplified a few evenings ago, when he was heard by his Excel lency the Governor and many of our leading citizens, and his Excellency has promised his patronage for Mr. Pfleger's opening concert. The Melbonrne Zither Club is making great progress under his tuition, and no doubt he will bring the zither into greater popularity in Ade laide. Hudson's Surprise Party presented a new programme at Garner's Booms on Saturday evening to a houBe crowded in all parts. The first portion embraced the usual comic and sen timental songs, an especially funny song by Dave Gardner, entitled 'The windy man,' fairly bringing down the house. As ' The Fakirs of Kapunda, or the Magicians of the East,' Messrs. Hudson and Gardner kept . every one in roars of laughter, the burlesque representations of the birdcage trick and the miraculous growth of flowers being extremely mirth provoking. After the intermission a very clever illusion, ' The vanishing lady,' was given for the first time. The lady was seated in a chair in full view of the audience, a newspaper being placed beneath the chair. A large silk covering was then made to shut the object from view, and on this being removed in the epace of a few moments the lady was dis covered to be «on, cat. She made her ap pearance at the door leading to the rear of the stage from the hall, and the applause whict greeted tbe termination of the feat showed how thoroughly the audience were mystified as to the modus operandi. The 'Blondin donkey' was an absurdity that caused shrieks of laughter, and Dave Gardner gained a recall for his oddities. The other items of the pro gramme, including Hungarian and Russian songs and a dulcimer solo by little Ida Heath, were well carried out, and the entertainment concluded with a humorous sketch, 'Cupid's Artful Dodge,' in which Mr. Hudson was the leading figure. The concert hall at Woodman's Music Rooms in Rundle-street was filled by a fashion able audience on Friday, September 2, when a pianoforte recital was given by Miss E, Tilly, of Hardwicke College, assisted by her private pupils. The programme opened with Men deleEohn's ' Capriccio Brilliant e,' which Miss P. Tilly played with artistic grace and finish, and comprised the following numbers rendered in succession by her young lady pupils; — Suet, 'Funeral March;' solo, 'Irish Airs;' solo, 'Sonata 24;' solo, 'Di tanti palpifci;1 solo, ' Tarantelle ;' solo, ' Bolero ;' solo, 'Pasquinade;' solo, 'Valse Styrienne;' solo, . 'March and finale from 'Concert Stuck.' ' These selections were all rendered in creditable style, considering the ages of the performers, and with a due regard for touch and tempo which proved they had been well taught. Some of these young people, however, played with too much forte, having overlooked the fact that this fault would be all the more pronounced in the full-toned Lipp concert grand lent to them for the occasion by. Mr. Woodman. In arrangements such as the Irish airs there is also a tendency amongst young players to develop the embellishments at the expense of the theme, but it may ba said tbat the same weakness is not always absent from the playing of adults ; it is, however, a fault that needs to be remedied. Toe numbers selected from Rossini and Weber displayed most merit in their rendition, but all the young ladies were encouragingly applauded. Mrs. Lyons, who has a voice of nice quality, contributed two songs in an artistic and pleasing manner. The entertainment was under the patronage of his Excellency tne Governor, 