She ïtetaw ëmnm. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1887. The full reports of the New South "Wales Budget speech are not encouraging. Our foreboding anticipations of the inability df the P.irkes Government to grapple with the great question-the financial question-are, wo fear, likely to prove correct. Another political ruse has been perpetrated, and the poor country submits because it fears lest a ovorse fate befall it. The bland conjuror of our childhood struck us as having a suspicious intimacy with things infernal because of the consum- mate manner in which he would put a ball, before our very eager eyes, under a paper cone, and then with his inimitable "You see there is no deception, gentlemen," remove the cone, and behold us sitting gazing at a space as innocent of a bull as conveniently could be. This stock performance is nowadays somewhat dis- credited and apt to take its place as a sort of legerdetnaiuic fellow to the "confidence trick." Yet this is precisely ovhat Sir Henry, that peerless financier, rigged up in the similitude of Mr. Burns, lias just been doing. Mr. Burns'» budget speech was of the rosiest. The anxious New South "Welsh- men who look upon a deficit of two and a-half millions or so (the amount is not yet fixed, but every new official computer en- couragingly puts it higher) as a rather serious matter, overo at »11 costs to be reassured. To begin ovith, the Ministry washed its hands of the wholo matter. This deficit, said Mr. Burns, was the result of the reckless extravagance of preceding Governments. Sir Alexander Stuart is dead and Mr. Dalley ia ill, so it is pretty safe to lay the chief onus on their administration, more especially as everyone is being very properly shocked just now by tho largo number of those thousands spent during the war scaro, just as, if the war scare had become war actuality, they ovould have been shocked on the other side. Governments, however, which in- dulge, or ovhich cause to indulge, as Mr. Dibbs or Sir Henry puts it, Governors and their suites on their travels in cigars and other sublunary delights to the tune of a good many pounds, are tdso clearly impli- cated in this two million and a-half or so de- ficit. Nowthisisall very well, polemically or humorously Bpetiking, but everyone is aware that if ever a profuse, not to say spendthrift, Government ruled the roast in New South Wales, that presided over by " the two knights," Sir Henry and Sir John, was the one. Extravagance, no doubt, has played its part in the deficit ; but to state calmly that it is a ovholly abnormal phenomenon, one due solely to particular bad manage- ment, which occurred onco but need never occur again, ns Mr. Burns says, and is cer- tainly not going to occur under the im- peccable financial a-gis of Sir Henry, is simply absuid. Sir Henry inherited surplus and did more to dissipato it than any ono else. If thero has been demoralisa- tion in the expenditure of the public money, as no one denies, thou how much of that demoralisation is due to this venerable deuouncor of it? The Parkes Government has adroitly dodged tho real question, or at any rate half of the real question. Mr. Burns, then, having washed Mr hauds, that is to say tho Government's hands, that ia to say Sir Henry's hauds, of the whole responsibility of the deficit, proceeded to state that to liquidate that deficit must be a matter of time, of years. The Parkes Government aro not going to burden themselves with its resolu- tion, and neither should the contemporary community. The Parkes Government at the most will spread this lump of rancid butter over as largo a alice of sessions as possible, and sit doovn and wait for the jam of the returning commercial expansion. But New South Wales must not think itself disappointed because its disease is not actively combated. The causa morbi has been successfully diagnosed, and if the venerable old physician refuses to apply any other cure than the beneficent ono of regi- men, that only shows how well he knows tho popular aversion to nasty physic. A "masterly inactivity," in a word,"'is once more the order of the day. Supposing, then, that this diagnosis is correct, as New South "Wales is moro or lesa (and rather moro than 1ps3) compelled to suppose, the next thing Mr. Burns-that is to say, the Government, that is to say Sir Henry-will wish people to belie ve is that the importan r, the real, the one great question, is the reduction of the yearly expenditure within the limit of the yearly income. That this is impor- tant, is a real question, no one, of course, doubts, but that it ia any more than part of the one great question of the present finan- cial position, no one ever before suspected. The need for retrenchment in the civil ser- vice in all its branches has long been mani- fest-as manifest as that this need waa caused as much, if not more, by Sir Henry himself than by any other director of the State. But to assert that this is the evil, the whole evil, and nothing but tho evil, is absurd. It is to make of the civil service a scapegoat, and scapegoats, at least as an institution, bave gone out of fashion. We repeat, then, that a second political ruse baa been played by the astute old politician, and that, just as he hid the real issue of the elections, by raising the cry of a freo-trade contest which gave him a powerful majority, so now he has diverted attention from tho serious and pressing nature of tho deficit, by concen- trating it on the half issue of the present expenditure and income. His " Ministerial etatemeut" has been of a like character. He gave it, contrary to good custom, late at night and to a thin house, and the captious reception he got from an Opposition which, so far, hag been singularly fair and tolerant, was the sign of their distrust of and resent- ment at the second clever trick tljat he has played on them. Ile began in his more digni- fied oratorical manner, "thebow-wowstyle," as Sir "Walter Scott called it. Memories of the ancient "dignity of debute," the sonorous pseudo-Ciceronian rhetoiic of his palmy ¿lays, seemed strong within Lim. Ho was interrupted, even a little laughed at, and then suddenly the House was treated to a laconic dnosyllabic ministeiial exhortation to an honourable member to " shut up," arid the Premier's oration was lost I He had intended making a big business of it. First was to be his programme for the present session, and then his programme for the future. He got no further than the fiist, losing his temper, sitting down, and refusing to treat the House to the second at all ; and poor New South Wales stands gazing, listening to tho proceedings of her just regenerated legislators with a sick heart. The Press treats Sir Henry very leniently, because the Press expresses the fear of the countiy, and that is its hopelessness. If not Sir Henry, then who 1 Sir Heniy or not Sir Henry, that is the question. New Soul h Wales politics are, we re- peat, in a stage of transition, and they have the painfulness incident to all such stages. The old generation of politicians is dis- credited, the new untried. Add to this years of sins of detestable legislative and detestable internal mismanagement and tho position is pretty understandable. Tn one of his last speeches in the Victorian House that shrewd practical man of the rule of the finger and the thumb, Mr. James Ser- vice, deprecated colonial financial optimism and its profuse dispensation of too-frequently bonowed money. If he were among us to- day, he would doubtless take New South Wales -as the text for his sermon of spend- ing in haste and retrenching at leisure. Tn» continued and apparently well founded rumours of further attempts upon the life of the Russian Czar substantiate the idea that the Nihilists have recom- menced in earnest their murderous war, and induce speculation upon the probable out- come of the struggle. It is entirely within the range of possibility-rather, it is ex- tremely probable-that Alexander III. may meet the fate of Alexander II. But the reins of Russian absolutism apparently lie far more in the hands of a bureaucracy than directly within the graspof the nominal despot, and it is extremely doubtful if the " execu- tion" of the hitter would mitigate perceptibly the rigour of the bureaucratic rule. It is impossible to think that the present Czar, whoso liberalism when only heir apparent was well known, has ac- cepted voluntarily his present terrible and thankless position. Alexander III. is no ignorant tyrant, and any natural " pride of place " which might render him content to rule over a nation which with all its strength stands notoriously last in social develop- ment must bo more titan counterbalanced by tho torturing life he leads. He sees the finances involved beyond hope of recovery ; the most enthusiastic and intelligent of the higher classes surrendering themselves to Nihilism and swelling the great army of Siberian exiles, and tho sword suspended over his own head by a thread which a thousand desperate hands aim to cut. Despotism may be flattering to the despot, but there can be little causo for self- congratulation to the absolute monarch who ¡b a prisoner in his own palace of Gatschinn, and who dares not issue out without unheard of precautions. It must bo confessed that the Constitution de- manded by the Nihilists would be a small price to pay for the abrogation of such a terrorism as that which overshadows Alexander, an abrogation, too, that the two years' truce has proved to.be within the power of this secret society. Were nothing but " pride of place" in tlio way, it seems altogether unlikely that human determina- tion could refuse to yield to the immense strain of this constant terrorism ; there is an opposito and still more powerful in-1 iluence, the unscrupulous power of the bureaucracy, ia the history of the Czars, i Alexander II. was struck down by Sophy , Perovskaia and her fellow conspirators, but Nicholas, his father, ia also believed to have died a violent depth long before Nihilism assumed its present | form. The history of Russian succession is one long tale of horror, a series of strangliugs and stabbings and poisonings. There are enough Banquos in the home of Romanoff to furnish ghosts for a score of Shakspeares, and Alexander III. might easily afford material foryet another tragedy if he yielded to the revolutionists and defied the bureaucracy. So he wavers between Charybdis and Scylla, and his wavering, if rumour says truly, drives him mad. The great body of the nobles, the speculators and usurers-powerful classes iu paper-money Russia-and the innumerable officials, com- pose and sustain the true Russian despotism. Their interest lies in maintaining to the bitter end the established order by which they prosper, and which is the cause of the national miseiy that has produced the Nihilist. The complaint of Euglish buyers that the best part of all luxuries go to Russia is an opportune impeachment of the ruling class of a country where the mass of the people live in most grinding poverty and most utter ignorance. At this distance therefore and distance not unusually conduces to clearness of insight as well as to compre- hensiveness of vision- it seems that the weakness of Nihilism lies in the weakness of the Czar. It would take a Peter to shake off the influence of a bureaucracy, and Peters are far less common in Russia than are P.anls. But it is not impossible that the ter- rorism may prevail, and, breaking down the bureaucratic barrier, may induce some desperate Czar to promulgate a Constitu- tion. Here, again, rises an immense diffi- culty. The Russian masses aro the most ignorant in Europe, released only lately from serfdom, and as yet insensible to auy but the most direct impressions. Yet the Nihilists demand universal suffrage and proportionate representation, in addition to the more urgent demands for free Press and free speech. The upheaval which a Parliament, composed after this advanced fashion in a semi-barbarous country might accomplish, is incalculable. It is true that the Nihilists do not not claim absolute legislative powers for such a con- vocation, but with the example of the French Assembly before it, the Russian Assembly might overflow all bounds, and submerge the little order that already exists. No country in the known world, past or present, could sustain such a disintegration so easily as Russia, for the primitive communal system which still appertains( to her lands makes her villages capable of self-support and self-organisation. That the Russian peasant would be benefited by such disintegration is not improbable, and that Europe would be freed from further fear of Muscovite aggrossion is very certain. But despite all this, disintegration is tobe feared as a backward step in the course of that world-wide progress which is not con- fined to any nation or country but is common lo all. Wiser measures and gradual develop- ments would save those desirable parts of tho Russian civilisation which rash acts and sudden change muât destroy. Evolution not revolution is the desideratum in pro- gressive Governments ; and evolution is much to bo preferred even for Russia. iFt is a common claim of the Nihilists that the masses are for them and sympathise ovith them, but the most ardent sympathiser with the revolutionary cauae who reads tho signs of the times must admit that upon the vast bulk of the Bussian nationality the philosophy of Bakounine has thrown itself vainly. The students of Russia, with intelligent workmen in the towns, and occasional peasants in the com- munes, are heart and soul for social aud political progress, but the ex-serf is incomparably worse than was the French peasant when Voltaire sowed the seeds of revolution. A generation or two of free speech, free Press, and education, would make a thinking mau of the oveary creature, who now only dimly feels that a wrong exists because he toils, and the land yields, and yet he and his hunger. " What more does one want than the sense of wrong 1" the Nihilist asks, who only seeks to throw down the slalvs quo and trust to his oovn strength of will to rebuild a better order. But we who have seen and learnt to appreciate the alow growth of Saxon freedom may well question the sufficiency of it, and hope for something more. We print in another column a letter suggesting the release of the Hopeful con- victs as an act of grace for the jubilee year, and ove have reason to believe that the suggestion is supported by others than our correspondent. It is always painful to oppose a plea for mercy, but in this case we are compelled to expresa a hope that this suggestion will not be adopted. Far be it from us unnecessarily to rake up the story of a past crime, or to lacerate the feelings pf the friends of the unhappy men ; but ui«re than two years has elapsed since the sen- tence, and already the persistent efforts made in certain quarteis to minimise the gravity of the offence has had a measure of success. We are therefore bound to repeat our solemn conviction that the crime of which these men were guilty a crime proved beyond the shadow of a doubt-was one of exceptional atrocity ; and all that we have learned about the circum- stances of the oifence since the trial deepens our sense of its heinousness. The murders were exceedingly cruel, and committed while the murderers overe engaged in the infamous crime of manstealing. No men have been hung in Queensland for woree crimes ; and although we pleaded for tlie lives of the convicts at the time of the sentence our readers will remember that we based our plea, not on any excuse for their misdeeds, but on our own sins as a com- munity. And ovemust add that had we known then, ovhat ove have learned since about the crime, we should have been compelled to ovithdraw our plea for mercy. We write in these plain and emphatic terms because we do not ovish to add to the misery of the unhappy prisoners, nor the sorrows of their friends, by allowing any false hopes to be raised. Wo speak for the great majority of Queenslander?; when we say that the Hopeful prisoners cannot hao*e any commu- tation of their sentences. A " Government Gazette Extraordinary" issued yesterday contains n proclamation further proroguing Parliament to Tuesday, 24th May. A cablegram was received hy tho ActingChief Secretary yesterday morning from Sir Sarauol Griffith intimating his intention to leave Livorpool on the 14th May for Queensland, vid America, and not on tho 4th Juno, as provioiibly announced. Tho Premier expects to leavo San Francisco on the -1th June, and will probably arrive in Brisbane on 1st July. The B.I. and Q.A. Company intend despatching: tho steamer Elamang on an ex- cursión to Moroton Boy on Easter Monday, for tho express benefit of tho sufferers by tlie late Bulli disoiiter. The Elamang is a fine roomy vessel, and will no doubt afford a good day's pleasure to those who choose to ao-oil them- selves of this mode of spending a holiday, and at the same timo contributing towards the fund for tho roliof of the distressed widows and orphans. The Engineer for Existing Lines has, with the approval of the Commissioner for Railways, decided to take up all the iron sleepers on the Sandgate Railway and replace them with timber. The statement which appeared on Monday that the sleepers were of steel was incorrect. They are iron, and not steel. Alderman Sinclair will leave Brisbane for Europo on 19th instant, in the R.M.S. Bulimba. Tho mayor and aldermen will accompany Mr. Sinclair to tho Bay in the Government steamer Lucinda, on board whioh he will bo entertained at a banquet. The Commissioner for Railways, accompanied hy tho Traffic Manager and tlie Engineer for Existing Lines, ovill visit the Killarney Railway during tho Easter holidays with tho object of making the best possible arrangements for the oonvoyanco of passengers, mails, and goods, aoross Emu Creek, pending the rebuilding of the bridge. Tlio amounts due for the March rents is £125,550, and a largo portion of this amount has already been recoived. Tho actual figures cannot, however, be ascertained for a few days, as tho amounts stated to have beon received at tho respective land agents' offices do not include the payments made direct to tho Trea- sury. Several largo sums wera received at the Treasury on 31st March, and these have yet to ho apportioned to their respectivo districts. Tho following lands ovill bo opened for selection on tlio Gth June :-In tho St. George, and agont's distriot: 1 grazing form of 20,000 aores, being the forfeited run knoovn as Cardiff, marked off under the 44th section of1 ltho Act of 1SS4. Cunnamulla land agent's district : M surveyed agricultural farmF on the resumed portion of Tinnenburra run, ranging from 160 acres to S23 acres in area. It ovill bo remembered that a petition was somo timo ago presented to the Minister for. Works praying for the erection of Np. 2 sub- division of the Yeerongpilly Division info a sepa rato division. Tho petition was referred to the yeerongpilly Divisional Board, who strong-ly objected to tho proposed separation. The Minister for Works has declined to recommend tho approval of the separation untU a much larger number of ratepayers signify their desiro for the same. Tho steamer Yaralla, and 'the gunboat Paluma, were both ovarped into tho graving dock yesterday morning to receive au overhaul- ing. Tho Paluma ovill, saan after leaving the dock, resumo operations in connection with the gVvey of tho northern coast of Queensland. At the meeting of the BrisbanTrTTr" Council held onMonday, "flJ^^ giver, by Alderman M'Master that "? 0awe» of draymen bo 12s. per day . bv Ii i*"8* Hooker that about 70ft. of drain rL" , maa in Thorn-street to take away ^L1» ^ also that, John-street, ¿J^ coated with white metal. l' W The Railway Department havo «««mi j tender for the supply of o_50 toni Va? fitS Mackay radway from James Cnnvl ?, tte Sons, £308 Gs. 8d. Tho coal i^TPU Snd will be token from ThoïSeAS^ The following promotions havo boen m"¿ . Üie DistLUeiies Department :-W Ie m have chargcof the'Excise branch of £o£,to main Brewery, vice J. H. Matthews, wh, !f °* ceeds to Tatala in the room of TV C P removed to Marburg. J. M'Muhon, W«S Tho following is the surgeon-superintendt. n roport of tho state of tho Woogaroo Asvb,T , lastweek: In the house aflas°tta- males, 3D i females; since admitted ó ¿.í 2 females; discharged, 3 iuale"; reniai,,!, 399 males, 309 females. The S supenntendent acknowledges the receipt of parcel of newspapers from Mrs. Ay^J Brisbane, for tho patients at Goodna- ali " parcel of newspapers from Mr. Norman "WlLo Ipswich, for tho patients at Sandy Gallop. "' Mr. Henry Friend, son., informs us that the Roehumpton, oattlo ship, arrived at Glud,ton on Sunday evening last ; begau loading \t I a.m. on Monday, put on board 352 fat cattle in four hours, and sailed for Melbourne at 3 p.m. same day (Monday). This ig tüo .. despatch of tiny vessel in tho history of cattle shipment in tho colony. A correspondent advised us by wiro that the olection held yesterday for a eeat on the board to represent subdivision No. 2 of tho Caboolture division, resulted as follows:-W H pav 189, James M'Cullagh 86, A. J. Wyllie "3 i formal votes'23. Mr. Payne was, thereforo' the successful candidate. ' The Annuul Movable Committee of the In- dependent Order of OddfelWs, Manchester Unity, will this year hold its meeting at Wnr» wick, onMonday noxt. The proceedings will be opened by Grand Master W. Dawson, of Gympie, who will preside until the new Grand Master is elected. Several prominent members of the order have been nominated for the post but it is generally understood thnt Deputy Grund Master George Wrido will be elected without opposition. It is possiblo that a con- test may take place for the post of Deputy Grand Master, but popular rumour points to Mr. S. Butterworth as tho probable choice of the delegates. The annual business mooting of tho Protestant Allianeo Friendly Society will also tako place hi Warwick en Easter Monday and following days. A mooting of commanding officers of the Defence Force was held yesterday tiftentooui tit the Headquarters office. Amongst others Lieutenant-colonel C. S. Mein, Majora Steven sou, Webb, and Newman, were present. Lieutenant-colonel Drury, as Acting Comman- dant, took tho chair in the absence of Colonel French. It was decided that as arrangements had already been made by a largo number of corps for shooting matches and detached drill at "Easter, no combined drill or manouvres should tako plaoe. In tho adjourned summons case, Abiahatn vv ?"Abraham, in which tho wifo sued her husband who is a chemist at Mackay, a decision was given yesterday morning when Mr. Pinnock stated thnt ho had considered tho circumstances and declined to mako any order in the case. Mr. Drake, who appeared on behalf of tho de- fendant, Baid'that though his client objected to an order being made ho was willing to allow liia wifo £50 per annum. Tho managing director, Mr. Henry Bolton,, reports that the Queensland Brewery, Limited, having boen successfully floated, the provisional directors, at a meeting held yesterday, in- structed tho secretary to give notice of allot- ment to applicants for shares. A collision occurred yesterday afternoon about half-post 1 o'clock in front of tho General Post OfEco betweon hansom cab 19S and a dray belonging to Mr. Ii. D. Neilson^ It appears that iho reins of tho dray horse becamo ontaugled in soma way or other, and tlie horse growing unmanageable dashed into the cab, which was on its right side of the road. Tho cab was capsized, and tho lamps,. one window, and a portion of tho harncs binabhed, but the driver was uninjured. The; proprietor of the dray, Mr. R. D. Neilson, toidi the driver of the cab to get all repairs done and he would pay tho amount of the damago. A man named George Gladshill, who has been living apart from his wife for some time,. went to her house yesterday on tho Gladstono rooá to seo her. Wliilo standing outside tho house an altercation aroso, and his wife picking; up a tablo knife, stabbed him on tho left wrist with it. Ho went to Dr. Kebbell's house ia Stanley-street, who bound up his ann, arid by his direction the man was taken to the hospital,, when Dr. Jackson stitched up the wound Gladshill lost a quantity of blood, but as tie hospital was very full, and the wound was not. considered dangerous, ho was not admitted asi an in-patient. Mr. W. F. Harrington, managing dircotor of Messrs. John Wahrer and Co.'s establish- ment at Marybt »ugh, is now in Brisbane orr his way to England. Shortly before leaving: the Maryborough wharf in the Egmont, ho was met by a number of frionds who had assembledto> wish lum good-bye. Speaking of Mr. Harring- ton Voparture the JT«iyi(WK?A#i^ "The absence of ono who has for many years hold a loading position in this town, even for a matter of uino months, for Mr. Harrington. retiyps by Christmas, cannot but bo felt, and many who aro personally familiar with him or know bim only by namo, have perhaps little conception of the amount of work ho has taken. upon himself, or ns often had thrust on nun, beyond his principal calling as a man Bguig director of the largo shipbuilding foundry mo agency establishment of John Walker and 00., Limited. He has taken an active par t ». the direotion and managership oí the w and Coko Company, Limited; Town ano. Suburban Provident Building and Inject ment Society, Limited; Ma^borough-JBurnuu. Coal Company, Limited; Maryborough Land. Investment Company, Limited ; Maryborough Chamber of Commerce (president for mom years); Wide Bay Storni and Agnc« Society; Maryborough Grammar ^i, Albert State School, and vanous other con cenis, including tho Western Radw »r^°^s tion, of which latter, no one will f**y,toT one 'of the props. Mr. Harrmgton sJourner home is for the benefit of his kea1*' aj£ though of course he will do useful busu.es, for hisfirm ho has no °ig project on fo°. £ will tako the P. and O. Company »T*°fi& and return ria Madeira and Cape, «j"«»* better for his trip and prepared for manyT<*r in harness." Mr. Harrington leaves Baw» for Sydney on Friday. Tho Band of Hope in connection with t£ South Brisbane Baptist ChurchJ*U n_ usual monthly meeting on I^^e^ ing. The programme was *»«£" by Several recitations and a song vere,gm ^ the little folks, when a Wm T^ G. 'arm?" was given by Miss Herberr> ^ Ross, and a few others. Another «""¿^J «A Wife's Mistake," was S^^H. Todd, Miles, and B. Miles, and^l£= Jones and W. Phipps. ¿TÍ^HeU ren erititlea "The Flower Girl, *»J red. dered by Miss-Todd, f°r which ^e was« Maste/Cr. Sadler gave \6°VtÍ7h X bene and, tho meeting wa« closed wiu> "» diction. 