CHAPTER IX. ELIZABETH'S WOOING. Percival and hiB friend dined with the Herona that evening, Mr, Heron waa an artist by profession; he was a fair, abstracted looking man, with gold eye- glasses, which he was always sticking ineffectually upon the bridge of hia nose and nervously feeling for when they tumbled down again. He had painted several good pictures in his time, and was in the habit of earning a fairly good income; but owing to some want of manage ment. either on his part or his wife's, his income never seemed quite large enough for the needs of the household. The servants' wages were usually in arrear; the fittings of the bouse were broken and never repaired; there were wonderful gaps in the furniture and th» china, which nobody ever appeared to think of filling up. Rupert remembered the ways of the house when he had boarded there, and was not surprised to find himself dining upon mutton half-burnt and half-raw, potatoes more like bullets than vegetables, and a partially cooked rice pudding, served upon the remains of at least three dinner services, accompanied by sour beer and very indifferent claret. Percival did not even pre tend to eat; he eat back in his chair and de clared with an air of polite disgust that he was not hungry, Rupert made up for his deficiencies, however; he swallowed what was Bet before him and conversed with his hostess, who was quite unconscious that any thing was amiss. Mrs. Heron had a vague taste for metaphysics and political economy; she had beautiful theories of education, which she was always intending, at some future time, to put into practice for the benefit of her three little boys, Harry, Willy, and Jack. She spoke of these theories with her blue eyeB fixed on vacancy and her fork poised gracefully in the air, while Vivian laboured distastefully through his dinner, and Percival frowned in silence at the table cloth. " I have always thought," Mrs. Beron was Baying sweetly, " that children ought not to be too much controlled. Their development should be perfectly free. My children grow up like young plantB, with plenty of sun and air; they play as they like; they work when they feel that they can work best; and, if at times they are a little noisy, at any rate their noise never develops into riot." Percival did not perhaps intend her to hear him, but below bis breath he burst into a sardonic little laugh and an aside to his Bister Kitty. "Never into''riot! I never heard them stop short of it!" Mrs. Heron looked at him uncertainly, and took pains to explain herself. " Up to a certain point, 1 was going to say, Percival, dear. At the proper age I think that discipline, entire ana perfect discipline, ought to begin." "And what is the proper age?" said Per cival ironically. "For it seems to me that the boyB are now quite old enough to endure a little discipline." " Oh, at present," said MrB. Heron, with undisturbed composure, " they are in Eliza beth's hands. I leave them entirely to her. I trust Elizabeth perfectly." "Is that the reason why Elizabeth does not dine with us?" said Percival, looking at his step-mother with an expression of deep hostility. But Mrs. Heron's placidity waa of a kind which would not be ruffled. " Elizabeth is so kind," she said. " She teaches them, and does everything for them ; but, of course, they muBt go to sohool by-and by. Dear papa will not let me teach them myself. He tells me to forget that ever 1 was a governess; but indeed"-with a faint, pensive smile-" my instincts are too Btrong for me sometimes, and I long to have my pupils back again. Ho I not Kitty, dar ling?" "I was not a pnpil of yours very long, Isabel," said Kitty, who never brought her self to the point of calling Mrs. Heron by anything but her Christian name. " Not long," sighed Mrs. Heron. " Too short a time for me." At this point Mr. Heron, who noticed very little of what was going on around him, turned to his son with a question about the politics of the day. Percival, with his nose in the air, hardly deigned at first to answer; but upon Vivian s quietly propounding some Btrongly Conservative views, which always acted on the younger Heron as a red rag; fa supposed to act upon a bull, he waxed lm Eatient and then argumentative, nntil at last e talked himeelf into a good humour and made everybody else good-humoured. When they returned to the untidy but pleasant-looking drawing-room, they found Elizabeth engaged in picking up the children's toys, straightening the sheets of music on the piano, and otherwise making herself generally useful. She had changed her dress, and put on a long plain gown of white cashmere, which suited her admirably, although it was at least three years old, undeniably tight for ber across the shoulders and short at the wrists, having shrunk by repeated washings since the days when it first was made. She wore no trimmings and no ornamenta, whereas Kitty, in her red frock, sported half a-dozen trumpery bracelets, a silver necklace, and a little bunch of antnmn flowers, and Mrs. Heron's pale blue draperies were adorned with aozenB of yards of cheap cream-coloured lace. Vivian looked at Elizabeth and wondered, almost for the first time, why she differed so greatly from the Herons. He had often seen her before; but, being now particularly interested by what he bad heard about her, he observed her more than usual. iirB. Heron sat down at the piano; she played well, and waB rather fond of exhibit ing her musical proficiency. Percival and Kitty were engaged in an animated, low toned conversation. Eupert approached Elizabeth, who was arranging some sketches in a portfolio with the diligence of a house maid. She was standing juBt within the studio, which waB separated from the draw ing- room by a velvet curtain now partially drawn aside. *' Do you sketch ?are these your drawings!" be asked her. " No, tbey are Uncle Alfred's, I cannot draw." " Yon are mnsical, I suppose," said Rupert caielessly. He took it for granted that if a girl did not draw, she must needs play the piano. But her next words undeceived him. "No. I can't play. I have no accomplish ments." " What do you mean by acoomplulr ments J" asked Vivian, smiling. '. I^mean that I know nothing about French and German, or music and drawing,"' said Elizabeth calmly. *' I never had any systematic education. I should make rather a eood housemaid, I believe, bnt my friends won't allow me to take a housemaid's situa tion." " I should think not," ejaculated Vivian. " But it is all that I am fit for," she con tinued quietly. " And I think it is rather a pity that I am not allowed to be happy in my own way." There was a little silence. Vivian felt himself scarcely equal to the occasion. Pre sently she said, with more quickness of speech' than usual " You have been in Scotland lately, have, you not!" "I was there a short time ago, but for two days only." " Ah, yes, you went to Netherglen ?" " I did. The Luttrells are connections of' yours, are they not, Miss Murray ?" " Very distant ones," said Elizabeth. " You know that Brian Luttreli has gon6 abroad?" " I have heard so." There was very little to be got out of Miss Murray. Vivian wbb almost glad when Percival joined them, and he was able to slip back to Kitty, with whom he had no diffi culty in carrying on a conversation. The studio was dimly lighted, and Perci val, either by accident or design, allowed the curtain to ifall entirely over the aperture between the two rooms. Be looked round' him. Mr. Heron was absent, and they had the room to themselves. Several unfinished canvasses were leaning against the walls; the portrait of an exceedingly cadaverous lookiDg old man was conspicuous upon the artist's easel; the lay figure was draped like a monk, and had a cowl drawn over its stiff, wooden head. Percival shrugged his shoulders. "My father's studio isn't an attractive looking place," he said, with a growl of dis gust in his voice. " Why did you come into it?" said Eliza beth. "I had a good reason," he answered, look ing at her. If she understood the meaning that he wishsd to convey, it certainly did not embar rass or distress her in the least. She gave him a very friendly, but serious, kind ofBmile, and went on calmly with her work of sorting the oapers and sketches that lay Mattered' around her. " Elizabeth," he said, " I am offended with yon." "That happens so often," she replied, " that I am never greatly surprised nor greatly concerned at bearing it." "It is of little consequence to you, no doubt," said Percival, rather huffily ; " but 1 am -for once-perfectly serious, Elizabeth. Why could yon not come down to dinner to night when Rupert and I were here ?" " I very seldom come down to dinner, I was with the children." " The children are not your business." "Indeed they are, Mrs. Heron has given them into my charge, and I am glad of it. Not that I care for all children," said Eliza beth, with the cool impartiality that was wont to drive Percival to the very verge of distraction. " I dislike some children very mach indeed, bnt, you see, I happen-fortu nately for myself-to be fond of Harry, Willie, and Jack." "Fortunately for yourself, do you say?' Fortunately for them ! \ou muBt be fond of them, indeed. You can have their society all day and every day; and yet you could not spare a single hour to come and dine with us like a rational being. Vivian will think they make a nursery-maid of you, and I verily be lieve they do! "What does it signify to ns what Mr. Vivian thinks ? I don't mind being taken for a nurserymaid at all, if I am only doing my proper work. But I would have come down, Percival, indeed I would, if little Jaok had not seemed so fretful and unwell. I am afraid something really is the matter with his back; he complains BO much of pain in it, and cannot sleep at night. I could not leave him while he was crying and in pain could I J" " What did you do with him?" asked1 Percival, after a moment's pause. "I walked up and down the room. He went to sleep in my arms." " Of course you tired yourself out with that great heavy boy!" " You don't know how light little Jaok is; you cannot have taken bim in your arms for a long time, Percival," said she in a hurt tone; "and I am very strong. My hands ought to be of some UBe to me, if my brain is not." "Your brain is strong enough, and yonr will is strong enough for anything, but your hands" "Are they to be useless?" " Yes, they are to be nseless," he said, " and somebody else must work for you." " That arrangement would not suit me. I like to work for myself," she answered, smiling. They were standing on opnosite sides of a small table, on which the portfolio of drawings rested. Percival was holding np one side of the portfolio, and she was placing the sketches one by one upon each other. "Do you know what you look like?" said Percival, suddenly. There was a thrill of pleasurable excitement in his tone, a glow of ardour in his dark eyes. " You look like a tall white lily to-night, with your white dress and your gleaming hair. The pure white of the petals and the golden heart of the lily have found their matoh." *' I am recompensed for the trouble I took in changing my dresB this evening," said Elizabeth, glancing down at it oomplacently. " I did not expect that it would bring me so poetic a compliment. Thank you, Per cival." "' Consider the lilies; they toil not, neither do they spin,'" quoted Percival, recklessly. " Why should you toil and spin 7 -a more beautiful lily than any one of them. If Solomon in all his gloiy was not equal to those Jndean lilies, then I may safely say that the Queen of Sheba would be beaten outright by our Queen Elizabeth, with her white dress and her golden looks !" " Mrs. Heron wonld say you were profane," said Elizabeth, ^tranquilly. "These com parisons of yours don't please me exaotly, Percival; they always remind me of the I flowery leaders in some of the evening papers, and make me remember that you are a journalist. They have a professional air." t. I "A professional air!" repeated Percival In disgust. He let the lid of the portfolio fall with a bang upon the table. Several of the sketches flew wildly over the floor, and Elizabeth turned to him with a reproachful look, but she had no time to protest, for in that moment he had seized her hands and' drawn her aside with him to a sofa thatBtood on one side of the room. " You shall not answer me in that way, be said, half-irritated, balf-amnsed, and wholly determined to have his way. "You shall sit down there and listen to me in a terioue spirit, if yon can. No, don't shako your bead and look at me so mookingly. It is time that we understood each other, and I don't mean another night to pass over onr heads without some decision being arrived at. Elizabeth, yon mast know that you have my happiness in your hands. I can't live without yon. I can't bear to see yon making yourself a Blave to everybody, with no one to love you, no one to work for yon and save you from anxiety and care. Let me work for yon now, dearest; be my wife, and I will see that yon have your proper place, and that you are tended and cared for as a woman ought to be." Elizabeth had withdrawn her hands from his; she even turned a little pale. He fancied that the tears stood in her eyes. " Oh," she said. " I wish you had not said this to me, Percival." It was easy for him to slip down from his low seat to a footstool, and there, on one -knee, to look fall into her face, and let his handsome dark ejes plead for him. _ I a> Why should 1 not have said it? he breathed softly. " Has it not been the dream of my life for months?-I might almost say for years ? 1 loved you ever since you first came amongst as, Elizabeth, years ago." " Did you indeed J" said Elizabeth. A light of humour ehowed itself through the tears that had come into her eyes. An amuBed, reluctant smile curved the oornera of her mouth. " What, when I was an awkward, clumsy, ignorant, sohoolgirl, as I remember yon calling me one day after I had done some thing exceptionally stupid! And when you played practioal jokes upon me-hung my doll up by its hair, and made me believe that there was a ghoat in the attios-did you care for me then f Oh, no, Percival, you forget I and probably you exagerate the amount of your feelings as much as you do the length of time it has lasted." "It's no laughing matter, I assure you, Elizabeth," said Percival, laughing a little himself at these recollections, but looking vexed at the game time. "Iam perfectly serious now, and very mnch in earnest; and can't believe that my stupid jokes when I -was a mere boy have had sush an effect upon your mind as to prevent yon from caring for me now." " No," said Elizabeth. " They make no difference: but-I'm very sorry, Percival-I really don t think that it would do," " What would not do ? what do you mean ?" said Percival, frowning. " This arrangement; this-this proposition of yours. Nobody would like it." "Nobody could object. I have a perfect right to mariy if I choose, and whom I ?choose. I am independent of my father." " You could not marry yet, Percival," she said, in rather a chiding tone. " I could-if you would not mind sharing my poverty with me. If you loved me, Elizabeth, you would not mind." " I am afraid I do not love yon-in that way,"said Elizabeth, meditatively." "No, it would never do. I never dreamt of such a thine." " Nobody expects you to have dreamt of it," rejoined Percival, with a short laugh. "The dreaminfc can be left to me. The question is rather whether you will think of it now-consider it a little, I mean. It seems to be a new idea to you-though I must say I wonder that you have not seen how much 1 loved you, Elizabeth. I am willing to wait until you have grown used to it. I cannot believe that yoa do not care for me. Yon would not be so orael; you must love me a little-just a very little, Elizabeth." "Well, I do," said Elizabeth, smiling at his vehemence, " I do love you-more than a little-as I love you all. You have been so good to me that 1 could not help caring for you-in spite of the doll and the ghost in the attic." Her smile grew gravely mischievous as she finished the sentence. " Oh, that is not what I want," cried Per cival, starting up from his lowly position at her feet. "That as not the kind of love that I am asking for at all." " I am afraid you will get no other." said Elizabeth, with a ring of sinoerity in her voice that left no room for coquetry. "I am sorry, but I cannot help it, Percival." "Yourloveis not given to any one else?" he demanded, fieroely. " You have no right to ask. But if it is a satisfaction to yoa, I can assure yon that I have never cared for any one in that way. I <io not know what it means," said Elizabeth, looking directly before her. " I have never been able to understand." " Let me make you understand," murmured Percival, his momentary anger melting before the complete candour of her eyes. " Let me teaoh you to love, Elizabeth." She was silent-irresolute, as it appeared to him. "You would learn to love very easily," said he. " Try-let me try," "I don't think I oould be taught," she . answered slowly. "And really I am not Bure that I care to learn." "That iB simply because yon do not know your own-heart," said Percival dogmatically. '" Trust me, and wait awhile. I will have no . answer now, Elizabeth. I will ask you "And suppose my answer is the same ?" "It won't be the same," said Percival, in a masterful sort of way. "You will under stand by-and-by." She did not see the fire in his eyes, nor the 'look of passionate yearniug that crossed his face as he stood beside her, or she would scarcely have been surprised when he bent down suddenly and pressed his lips to her forehead. She Btartea to her feet, colouring vividly and angrily. " How dare yoa, Per cival?" she beeao. But she oould not finish the sentence. Kitty oalled her from the other room. Kitty's face appeared; and the cur tain was drawn aside by an unseen hand with -a great clatter of rings upon the pole. "Where have you been all this time?" said she. "Isabel wants yon, Lizzie. Per cival, Mr. Vivian talks of going." Elizabeth vanished through the curtain. Percival had not even time to breathe inco her ear the "Forgive me" with which he meant to propitiate her. He was not very .penitent for his offenoe. He thought that he was sure of Elizabeth's pardon, because he 'thought himself sure of Elizabeth's love. But, as a matter of faot, that stolen kiss did not at all advance his cause with Elizabeth Murray. He did, not see her again that night-a fact whioh sent him back to his lodging in an ill satisfied frame of mind. He and Vivian .shared a sitting-room between them; and,on their return from Mr. Heron's, they disposed themselves for their usual smoke and ohat. But neither of them seemed inclined for con versation. Bupert lay back in a long loung ingchair; Percival turned over the leaves of a new publication whioh had been sent to him for review, and uttered disparaging com ments upon it from time to time. " I hope all critios are not so hypercritical as yon are," said Vivian at last, when the volume bad finally been tossed to the other end of the room with an exclamation of disgnst. " Pah! why will people write snob abomin . able stuff ?" said Percival. " Reach me down that volume of Bacon's Essays behind you; [ must li&ve; something to take tho taste oat of my mouth before I begin to write." Vivian banded bim the bo&k;, and watched him with some interest as he read. The frown died awav from >his forehead, and the month gradually assumed a gentler expres sion before he had turned the first page, In fire minutes he was so mach absorbed that he did not hear the question which Vivian ad dressed to him. " What position," said Rupert, deliberately, "does Miss Murray hold in your father's house ?" "Eh? what? What position?" Away went Percival's book to the floor ? he raised himself in his chair, and began to light his pipe, which had gone out. " What do you mean ?" he said. " Is ehe a ward of your father's ? Is she a relation of yours?" "Yes, of course she is, said Percival," rather resentfully. " She is a cousin. Let- me see. Her father, Gordon Murray, was my mother's brother. She is my first cousin, and Cin derella in general to the household," he added, grimly. " Oh, Gordon Murray was her father ? So I supposed. Then if poor Richard Luttrell had not died I suppose she would hava been a sort of ooniection of my sister's. I remem ber Angela wondered whether Gordon Murray had left any family." "Why? Yon know the decree of relation ship and the terms of the wiU made by Mrs. Luttrell's father, don't you ?" "Notl." " Gordon Murray - this Mies Murray's father-was next heir after the two Luttiolls, if they died childless. Of course, Brian ia still living; but if he died, MiBS Murray would inherit, I understand. " There's not much chance." said Percival, lightly. "Not much," responded Vivian. They were interrupted by a knock at the door. The landlady, with many apologies, brought them a telegram which had been left at the house during their absenoe, and which she had forgotten to deliver. It was ad dressed to Vivian, who tore it open, read it twice, and then passed it on to Peroival without a word. It was from Angela Vivian, and contained these words only " Brian Luttrell isdead." 