Boyis' Column. Wagner as a Boy.-Wilhclm lfebnM Wagner was born at Leipzig,March22. ISIS.- When ho was nine, he went to school, wlierolie was the despair of tbe tcacbor who instractcd him in ransic ; be paid ne attention to his practising, but seized every opportunity of repeating the melodies that he had heard, especially thoso of " Ber Freischut?.," which had already lindlod his powerful imagination. Awricnt history, mythology, Greek and Latin' were his favorite studies, but his heart was really In none of these, for he had a seoret aim that absorbed all his thoughts and feelings—he was a poet I In his eleventh year ho won a priee for the best ocra on a dead schoolmate, and soon after S0 translated the flint twelve books of the Odvssev. He taught himself English, and immediately became eo absorbed in Shakespeare that he decided to write a tragedy. For two long years he toiled, and during this period he contrivod to kill off forty-two people in his drama. He was forced to relent, however, and to recall thtfn as ghosts in tho last act in order to hnre performers enongh to play the parts. Meantime he had left Dresden where he had been living, and entered a school at Leipsig, but he had so neglected his studies for musical composition, that he was put back a class; this «• discouraged him that he pave himself entirely to his tragedy. When he had nearly finished it he first heard Beethoven's music. This had so strong an influence over him that he determined to set his tragedy to muslc, and purchased ft book on thorough bass to prepare himself for the task. So fascinated did he become with the study, that he determined to he a poet no longer, but that music should have the devotion of his life. When his family learned of the tragedy, they were much troubled, for thoy felt it-was the cause of his backwardness at school ; but when they found him to bo writing music, thoy were in despair, for they believed it to be nothing more than a fancy, arid that it might do the boy great harm. He was not to he discouraged, however, and composed in steepea in IDC spirit cl jculuci- uwjj, put him' through a six months* study of counterpoint. Now he learned and loved Mozart. The Boat-Dwellers of Japan-—Young people who live in Australia may fancy that oar cities are crowded, and that many families muit live without very much air to breathe or spaco for the boys to play in. What would they say to the boat-dwel- Icra of Japan? In that crowde-l country hundreds of families spend their lives and bring up their children upon the water, and know nothing of the land, except us they make an occasional visit to it when obliged to purchase supplies or attend to some anusual business. In every bay along the coast are found hundreds, if not thousands, of small craft called "junks." These are small, flat-bottomed boats, and ate owned and inhabited by a man and his family, just as houses are in other parts of the world. Their business is the transportation of goods and merchandise of all kinds, and their navigation is a sort of family affair. One traveller says : ' 11 1 have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all tinder seven yeare of age. I am told that, notwithstanding their aptness at swimming,; many, boatmen get drowned, for no boat evergoes to another's aid. nor will any boatman save any other from drowning, because as hesays, it is all fate, ahdhe,who interferes with fete will be severely punished in some way." Among these wonderful aquatic families children of three yean <M will sometimes swim like little fish, and if "oneis backward , in learning, he will be thrown overboard, and leased "and 1 tormented until he is bbliged to learn theartin self defence. Ah! It is in leading and learning about the people of «ther lands that we find how much we have to loveand be thankfol for in the' broad free life of our own. But even here there lure (Aiildren-who : wonld be better for such frequent baths, and perhaps you would havc<fetefct difficulty in persuading the little japs that life in the hot aid crowded streets of our Great cities was to be preferred to that of the Junk-men on the Tiversand harbors of their own country- ~An -Adveuluro "With a*Hogs Buffalo. —1 had singled out as my meat an-old bull with long^highly polished horns andthemost magnificent inane that has ever come, under my. notice. I'determined to have that head, -and to carry itlSast with me as a trophy. To single the brute from the herd and to plant abullet from -my revolver, in his shoulder -was an easy task, ^hen aided by each ahorse' as mine. The remainder of the herd thundered bS to the west with my companions in' fall chose, and away toward the east went my ^wounded. bufialo, with ine a good second, sending,-a pill into^his side whenever he swerved enough to give me a chance at'his hfeart, "Suddenly the idea seemed -to enter his cranium that he was flying in a 'direct line from'his friends, and he' wheeled about and charged me, his magnificent head cocked ^ndp.wiRA. . Ttt&dv; in toss mv mastftner. liis nostrils and. eyes .blood red. and-the foam', diving from his mouth. When the buffalo swerved.mv.mustang' made'a noble leap out'of his conrse asid. landed me with bis off fore leg in a marmot's hole,-bringing him to-hwknees.snappingtbe' boneofhislegoif likeastalk of straw and. aendingmc-headlongto the'ground.Tight m 4he path of the wounded bull: 1 was'snmewhat -shaken up. but my "eves were wide" open, and the approaching danger seemed like a "weight, on-all my faculties, benumbing me so (bat. I could noi move so' fnuch as an eyelid. -The bull came on.'his hoofs rattling on thebard prairie like the 'bones of the-, end man in a minstrel show. His hot breath came fnll m -my month and nostrils: one bf bis horns Caught in the collar of inv hunting ehirt. teanngic away, and Thenbis hind hoof grazed my temple. He was as glad to escape as I was myself .and careered overtheprairie after the herd at a three minute gait,' while I irose andplanted-a merciful bullet in the. brain of-tnydootned mustang. ?One*day of this sort of tblngisworthayear'a dawdlingaboutat^heseashose-m a-dandified'eoatto amnnrhoiBAstproperlyimsexed. ' All Old War-Horse.—The Eev. J. G. TTood,. the well-known English writer on natural history, relates the following true story in his recent book on the .horse - - - -.-Some years ago - an elderly gehtletnan dled. leaTingtohis ^widow all his property, including- an old and -st«ld -horse. It so happened that there -was a -review in the' neighborhood, and the old lady,-who was »tone^le»f, drove over to see it. foiling the manoeuvres a legiment of cavalry passed her Md as they did so the trumpeter blow on his instrument some stgnaHrhioh she from hor deafness jdid not bear. Theboree. howevr. heard andnnderetoodlhe trumpetcall. Old M he was, hsspiangoSatfuIlsneed.galloped into the janks, and put himself jn line' wi th perfect Accuracy.: The'Blgaal tochaigewaa .tbengirenjand off went the horeewith his comrades. The old lady ehrieked. and dragged »t theieins tons purppse. Where the rerijnent ireot the horse went: when it Wheeled be wheeled, and when it chflrged he fhaweddraggingblBexpostuliting mistress aftertnm throughout thewhole of tbemanauvres -Aftei the review mps overtbc officers crowded round the aid horse, who evidently' had belonged to the cayaliy. and offered i very high pntie for bim. in orfler to male a •jugJidentalpet of him. The 'offere.howerer -raeietaed." SeUom^BhaUanp see In rich families Hi.iinu,hleticsoiinancfs.and vigor of conetijutipn whicli is seen in cottages, whs™ >»ture is cook and Necessity eaterer- 