Ju.es and sketches. ' 1$ - WWl\; OR, SAXON AND SAVAGE." Bi FOSTER OSbORNE. Author of Cowabee.. : PART L I X CiuriFJi III Lo AN," | rrpceei my shifty story I I a lonely >.4u- | tar in these pntlis, where but recently flic lamentocl Jnlia lent mc sweet nssocinfion. " I /OuCG more, ye mountains, end once s tttte. ye lonely streams, amidst the eloomv t fporHs of primeval wastos, behold we, strange i ahaj|weird-likc dwellers of the wilderness. ' j!?®' by tho terror-smitten shores tho cove- : wahitos have jostled' nat nro with a ruthless ; scattering her votaries in heedless Ska £ shrieks and cries of fear and lamcn- ; tapM | albeit, the' sea-birds that were wont to ftsl one-legged upon tho wave-washed sands i «WT«o well ont to sea, or flitter high above uflhdquts of men ; and bounding boosts and OMmged birds, that whilom came to lick or ) . jP11 "te 5a,7 rocks, have made inland a Anii' bent ; albeit, moreover, that H warnors have fought, and fled, and died ojWnnreds, where tho sun rises and the cross bang over ; yet here, amidst the babbles and jhemuimirs of tho mountains, where the birds tjmtfr to the unronsed beasts, no gleam of HTO.s,nas>»R£ glory streaking tho horizon LvfK1- , .m SaVftpedm, behold we, strange a'e"ers "le wilderness. Hero Pristino grandonr, tho lofty ash "wwand the lean-stemmed pino, the bnrly gGSCand blossem-gildcd wattles ; likcwiso tho gnrellng brooklets leaping down tho stony soli- li'iA." 1 railUo11 varied hues of flower and JMfj® make fair feast' for beauty loving eyes. JSgJignts i alone, but sounds ; inasmuch as with her God-given voices of mountain J, v w'"sl,ors. speaks to tlio soli- tuo "Behold, I stand mo in thogarbof ngos, Wartime mmiemorablo T havo not changed kciS., mnn ,mUl wro'>ght my desecration 't! Krea' God fashioned me, even so am XwJtothis day. 1 "' 'DS Not for long! O-war rirs "'.G10 times havo not yet reached .jwjjsgpnoly regions, whcie the savage stalks unconscious of tho distant slaughter. MptsTii c®Mmotion< the flying, the dying, Sw": beasts,, and massacre of men S?jSt TO' sent thair echoes to this peace- "fc&unt.; hot all tho tribes, from tho »h8r "r caa' Gle mountains iu tbo rSfiC? . c? ,tho 0y can 6eB' linfo heard the mm- „ c,!i. 8ha" crnal1 their freedom. rZfJHft.1 ' m blissful ignorance amidst their . K»Hgjl southern wilds, and spoar tho ool, , no dreams but those of territorial . . oy 6co no visions but of future jov. j3«dmams?e flNtiUP vromienl Sw«" yjjffiprcsent is capricious ; tno tuturo is a 'wlmsEiL > Q' 'ho unrecorded past Nothing I savo in solitary rassgro let the fingers of tho soul go forth, friSS!,,?"! . 4119 darkness ; for, if grim ;; tssSffictul roP? enough, theso stern soli- ... fenehing wastos, aro quickly 'he mammal of tho dead afore- 'SMiituaes tneso are, yet ocautiiu. ; now Swufintn.! f G not whore silvery, -lSslre.m?qat from nestling lakes and hko jewois, set in B0S Sllvcr e'renks, that slit the e bIostomt- ' How else.? if not ' 5111 wllascmaUi wWi the author .s whero giant trees, on spur and pinnacle, wave their green top3 in frolic with tho wind, and part their shadows that tho golden arrows of the sun may strike into tho deep sunk dells — chaste, verdant dells, wherein the wood nymphs sport upon the moss, or plunge in naiad pools. Strange fauna sip or lap the legion waters, bask or feed in indolent impunity ; for in these untrodden haunts the unmolested silence never trembles to the brittle echoes of a sportsman's gnn. Hero now pink legged, aznre breasted bronzowings, the bright eyed, bar-winged queen of tho Columba, flit from pool to perch in fearless joy. Likewise flit the hell bird, and the native sparrows— these last well christened diamond, by reason of their jewelled plumage ; also gaudy parrots, flauut- ingina fruitless rivalry their dazzling hues, to fade eclipsed before the lyre-bird's peerless splendour. But on a well stored crop of seed or fly, in no wise eager, yet with business mean, the bustard struts npon the plain, and thinks he small things touching Iean-shankcd plover, pelicans, and cranes jgorging frogs and greasy worms with ponderous gravity. To the east, a flock of ibis rise with a suddou whirl from off the yellow grass lands, aud dimly, on a distant mouud, tho eye discerns a moving speck — the rude disturber of their feast Slowly at first it scorns to movo — that dark speck on tho sear downs — but as it ranges more in vision the eye outlines a warrior .hastening with all speed across the plain, towards Lake Buiil. Onward he speeds, the fleet footed runner, panting like a hard pressed racer, straining every nerve and muscle ; and, right along his track, Die startled beasts hound hither and thither in sudden fright— the screaming fowl rise up in flocks. Their sudden fear abated, the beasts and birds resume their Inzy meal ; bat from his dizzy kingdom the circling eagle may behold that solitary runner speeding onwards, fevered and breathless, with rapid and prodigious strides. Ye shining swans, with gleaming wings, cast from mid-air your clanging lioics in wnil- ings and beseech ings, for yonder swift-footed warrior careering like a frighlcncd stcod is but the herald of the hot aud eager host who, pushing forward iu tho race for riches, are coming to invade the time-hnllowed silence of your woodland home. Well and truly it befitlelh the times, tho mute appeal of yonder leafless giant, who, with bleached and whitened arms outsirctcbod in agony of -supplication, cries with an unheard voice " Pity ! spare, oh spare ! " Louder thou era-stricken, antiquated Nestor of fho woods ! Louder ! Pcrchunco those frantic gold seekers will hear thy patriarchal cry , and whilst hearing, giro reverence to thy houry ycars, and heed thy snpplicatiou ! — perchance ! Oil, hut it is meet, iu this crude world, whero men heap up huge sorrows for their fellows, that, iu tho days of thy old age and stony hardness, one cruel blow should bruise thee, to see tho desecration of the glories thon hast known a thousand years ; aud fortuno smiles upon thee even if iu the savago onslaught thou he not axed, and felled, and split, and stacked, for by my faith dry gum makes goodly fuel. Yfiruka took Menindie to hi; gunyah, and then proceeded to perform his office in the ceremony of making tho young men Tho youths about to bo initiated to the state of full manhood were seated in a row, and all through the camp, in irregular order, the women were beating with waddies their rolled up rugs of skin. The ceremony had reached the introduc tory stages, when there rose from the rear of the camp a load shout ; uttcrred at first by one voice, it soon spread from month, to mouth, "Lewiu I Lewin! " CA messenger! A messon- gerl) Thrown into utter confusion by the unusual event, tbo whole tribo crowded to the rear of tho camp, and thero beheld a breathless, dust- smeared warrior leaning on his spear, somo 40 paces from tho throng. Yfiruka stooped for ward, and, placing his spear horizontally across his breast (a sign of frcudshipj, asked: 1 (liuirndic wando ?" (who aro you ?) " iViik- IV 5k Urabroh'tng, JKiirnai 115/11 — lewin Kuniat (I am Wuh- WuL\ /Irabrnhmir and Kurnai — A messenger from the tribe of Kurnni.) "Mima tcaiulo gnyeraf' (what do you want?) " " A'tiqicloo Kidlin goulte " (give rao water and I will speak.) Thoy brought him wuter in a coolaman of hark, and after drinking greedily he said — " Hear me, Womra 1 I havo words from tho Leiei'iif of L'l iaf.-oliiny. who hoard them from tho Lewin coming northwards from Tatungolung and thev say Yanagic Lo-an Yamboginni ; Perrt thirri KucM' (como along, hoar tho white ghost ; walk nhout debbil debbil). This was my message to yon, but an evil, spirit seized 1110 as I came, and two moons I camped ; and whilst I camped the Lo-an (white man) have approached tho Womra warragcry, and I saw tlicm in tho hills as I passod. Fly with all haste',' far they are Mlung-mri (lightning- eyed), and can slay with a glance." Thon the women rent the air with a wild wailing cry, and tho. men stood anxious and irresolute, a few exclaiming, "Let ns flyl Let ns fly I" : " Fools 1 cried Yuroka, sfauding before them sternly indignant, " are ye frightened by such i shallow story ? This is not Acu'i'ii, but Benning (a spy); whore ore tho Lewin M Turning his left shoulder towards the Womra peoplo, tho messenger showed to them tho sacred senrs of offico, and a murmur of appro- val greeted the action. Yuroka, however, was not yet satisfied, and he questioned : — "Why did yon tnko so long in coming? What pirit kept you by the way ? " " luroka I.lrewinda nitndu iinga iigarinda mri murriwundaV' (Oh, Yiiroka, I believe Brcwin did hook me with tho eye of his throw- ing-stick). To doubt for a moment auy statement, in the wording of which was introduced the name of Brewin, or any other spirits, would have been to the Womra blacks as serious a step as that of an Englishman's misbelieving his neighbor who swears "so help mo God," and turning to his people Yuroka addressed them : — " Warriors of the Womra, I believe the white man is upon us, but let us not fly before them. We are many — they are few, and by our spears they shall die. . When tho grey beards say, these Lo-an are Yumboginni (Ghosts), believe them not ; for do they not light fires by night, and toil on the path by light of day ? i'amboginni, come forth only in tho night, but these are abroad by day. Go, : then, make ready your war weapons, and when I the sun goes down wo will take the path to the mountains." Load cries of YikL-a tun (well-said) re sponded to this speech ; aud, although a few of the old men, whose superstitions were firmly grounded, muttered murmurs of dissent, the remainder of the day was employed in fixing quartz points on spears, and a general overhauling of weapons. Early in tho evening the last labors of preparation were completed, and the warriors, gathering in groups about the warragery, began to talk and speculate about the coming struggle. At first, they thought of the white usurpers with awe aud fear, grown of their superstitions beliefs bat under the influence of Yuruka's words, and the lewiu's statements respecting the great in feriority in numbers of their new enemies, they gradually gained courage, and as the san nearcd tho western horizon they displayed their woutcd eagerness to fight. Tho last lingering ray of sunlight faded, on the hillside as Yuroka, leaving his newly-made bride Menindie in tears, came forth from liis gunyah equipped for the struggle. It was a time honored custom of tho Womra blacks to perform two diiuccs previous to a fight, and at a given signal all the fighting men assembled, and went through the round/or defiant and threatening gestures which com posed the first of; these dances whilst the women gathered around, and sjuig as a Bort of accom paniment their wnr-song— ' - . - Shield of buree (irooif). spear ana club, Tlirovini: stick of 4tmr, brine 1 . 'flie bras4 bbomcrnns cf Kinvee, Mills! llvltsnu/l pandmlisol Lvsinlu's Jninpl jump-! nso your cyvs- With tbo straight emu spaar.t ; When tho dance was completed, tne warriors went forth in silence, and when they had got beyond, car shot from the camp, the women, who, test the warlike spirit engendered by the performance should be diminished by 'any.. show of weakness, had allowed their champions to depart without any' manifestation of sorrow, began to wail most piteonsly, crying, "Zic! zip.' " After many hours of incessant marching — at first OTcr open plains, and then through flic narrow and difficult passages of the mountains Yuroka brought his little army together on a small opening iu the heart of the ranges. Here ho addressed his followers, and signifying his intention of going forward with the Letrin who was acting ns guide, to reconnoitre the position of the enemy, adjured them to remain until his return. After an absence of about two honrs' duration, he reappeared, and, placing himself in a position of prominence, once more addressed them : — "Warriors of tho Womra, I have seen the Lo-an ! They have lighted their fires, and built white gnnyahs in the valley where the Womra slew the Mnncroo.J and the great spirit is good to us, for we are 20 to 1, aud can smite them from the rocks on either side, so that by one casting of our spears, all of them shall be slain. Wc will travel on in tho darkness, and creeping through tho shadows, surround them, nnd, when the morning comes. I will givo as a signal the enrtew's cry, nnd every man will cast his spear. Bnt if our spears he turned aside, and the Lo-an sends forth his lightning to destroy ns, grasp tight your nulla-nullas, and, when I leap for ward, let ns dash together upon them ; then the pale-face fighters must die, for no warriors can stand against the nulla churgo of tho Womra. Sparo none ! Slay them to a man, for the laud is ours and we will not give it up." , As the oration terminated, tho moon shone out above the mountains, and casta wan light down into the valley", and tho warriors danced their second war dance. It was a strange, weird spectacle— that silent daqco in those wild regions at tho dead of night. The ghost-like mountains, the dim night shades, tho flashing spear points, and tho painted figures flitting noiselessly as phantoms through the pale moon light, all combined to mako the scene sugges tive of semo dark spirit land. After that they filed away through the ranges, up a rocky path which wound and twii od to the summit of a black, and jagged mountain, which mountain overlooked from an elevation of some hundreds of feot tho camp tiros of their foes. Thon thoy soparatod, anil distributed themselves amongst the rocks and scrub. Creeping, gliding noiselessly under cover of the darkness, rocks and trees, they contrived, without betraying their presence, to completely surround their foes at a distance of from 70 to 100 paces. Yuroka, having satisfied himself that this manoeuvre was executed with snccess, and that uothing more could be done before daylight, stole down to the cover of a rock, which projected not more than 40 feet above the Lo-an camp. Peering through the dense foliage, he beheld two large white tents within an enclosure built of saplings — an euclosuro evidently erected for the pur pose of guarding against spears in case j. a"a®k. On the far side of and adjoining this rude defence, another enclosure was formed by the waggons, drays and paraphernalia of the caravan, within which enclosure were secure the horses aud cattlo. On Yuruka's heathen mind those strange vehicles and still stranger animals had the effect of awe, and fear, of superstitious origin. The feeling was ;uot lasting, however, for ns he continued to ; contemplate the scene before him his pride and : p atriotic impulse.filled his soul with wrathful indignation. Here I10 beheld a handful of usurpers, whose object it was to take away his kingdom — birthright — a. handful of marauders come to pinnder ; a band of vultures to prey upon the bones of his peoplo ; aud a dark, threatening look grew on his face, as he looked down on the would- be-spoilers of his time honored rights. Then his thoughts flew to that invisible host, which had come like night shadows and settled round about (he unsuspect ing white man's camp ; that band of fighters who had never known defeat, or failed him in the time of need ; and as his mind wandered from the heroism of the past, to dwell iu antici pation on the way in which', those dasky : warriors would acquit theraselvcsin the coming struggle, a wave of trinmph swept ucrcss his fcatnres. Then he looked up at the blear, bright southern cross and swore " YiUi br'appvrnu ma ban (Soon to the wild dogs the-' shall be (hrown). : As Yuroka stole hack to his . place amongst the band of warriors the first, faint tints of leaden morning crept npyards, and soon .upon the eastern sky the pale light spread, throwing into prominent relief the black-browed, peaks. The birds of darknes, and the prowlerss.of the night retreated to their hiding- places, and as .the last dark enrtain lifted from the valleys there broke through, thu morning, shrill and clear, the curlew's scream- As it by magic— so ' instantaneous was the effect— a shower, of 'spears flashed in the- air and fell in a cl'ouil npon Ihecainp beac.ilh.' One cry of terror rose from the interior of the now splintered enclosure, bnt !the next moment the reports of a score' of rifles echoed away through the mountains and-'ns many leaden, missiles went craslriug amongst the rocks and trees upon the hillsides. A con tinuous bnt irregular fire of spears kept up for some mianles wasauswered by another fruitless volfoy -from, the white men's rifles, and then Yuruka's voice rose clear and distinct above the murnrnr of excited combatants: - ' M Warriors- of tho Womra t bclibld, -as-onr spears cannot pierce tho wooden stnicfnrc- of the pale face; so th'cir lightning cannot strike through the rocks which defend us ;-it is good they are no- better than wo ; let us fall upon them with bur nullas, and slay them," "Whirliugitheir ponderous clubs anil shouting hideous war cries, tho whole hand sprang frour the covers, and dashed upon the enemy. They were met at tho outset "by a -volley of deadly missiles, and a dozen of their comrades fell ; bnt, nothing daunted — roused to heroism- by. the licat of combat, and goaded to indignant wrath by the threatened invasion of their birth- rights— dhe savage host dashed on. Already the foremost combatants were fighting club to rifle at the feeble fort ; the whites with livid featurcsand hard set teeth, struggling for the lives already despaired of ; the blacks scowling grimly and triumphant, all too eager for the bloody victory, in one short minute that hand of pioneers mnst pirish ! All hope seemed dead within them, when from amongst the wag gons thero rose a deafening roar, and, rushing with headlong fury upon the fight, appeared a monster beast of ponderous proportions. Lash ing its tail, and tossing its head with rage, stung to maddened fury by tho spears which pierced its body, a. large black bull charged npon the struggling mass For a moment tho Womra warriors gazed astounded at the unknown foe, then with a ter rified cry of " Bunyip 11 Bunyip !" they fled tho battle, and darted into the mountain scrub. Speechless with amazement, spell-bound by a sudden awe, Yuroka stood for a moment, like one paralysed ; but even then, when the blood began once more to course through his veins, his indomitable courago proved master, of his superstition, and grasping his nulla I10 callod upon his followers to stand firm, aud leapiug to meet tho object of his momentary terror strove to heat it down. With ono lunge of its ponderous bead his huge antagonist felled the brave chief to the ground, stunned and bleed ing. In wild disorder, and by devious paths tho Womra braves maka flight towards Lako Buiil ; and when tho first batch ol them, unarmed, and dispirited, entered tho camp, tho women fell upon tho ground and filled tho air with bitter wailings. For many hours there con tinued to arrive at varying intervals cscapers from tho field of battle, each now arrival being tho signal for fresh outburst of grief from tho women ; bnt it was not until evening that all the warriors — excepting tho killed and ivoimdcd — assembled at tho warragery. Yuroka, of courso, had not returned, and in tho council of war which was hold his absonce was made apparent by tho confusion and lack of order which obtained. Somo of tho warriors advocated immodiato flight from the camp ; otbors were for waiting the tarn of events ; whilst not a fow were so overwhelmed and dis concerted as to be beyond the power of reason ing. Amidst this confused stato of opinions it was almost impossible that any concerted -lino- of action could have been agreed upon 5 but their disputings were cut short by the appear ance of lights approaching front tho northern plains, and an - immodiato flight was determined on, for they believed tho whito men woro npon them.. A disorderly stampede was only aTcrtcd by tho advent amongst them of one ot their own people, whose reckless con- fidence presented a strong contrast to their own extreme terror. This new arrival soon ex plained, that having been captured by tho pale faces, they had treated him kindly, and had given hira to drink a delicious fire-water, which took away his fear and made him big and strong. Moreover, they had sent him forward as a messenger of peace, to state that when the caravan, which was approaching, came near the white men would scud peace offerings of fire-water to them, whereby they might alt be filled with a strange delight. Their fears con siderably allayed, yet having on their minds th memory of the dreaded Bunyip, the Worn sent back the messenger with an acceptance- the peace offering, stipulating that the Loan must not come any nearer, but should send for ward their offering by a small escort. Blind heathens as they were it was with awe and timidity that they approached the casks of rum, which soon after were- rolled into the camp ; and it is doubtful whether or not they would have fonnd courage to taste the liquor but that he who had acted as mesSeng of peace sprang forward, and staving in the head of one of the casks- dipped full n wooden vessel, and drinking offered to his comrades. First one, then another, took a sip, each being watched intently by his fellows, until at last the whole company of Warriors had tasted. As the alcohol took effect they became more courageous, drinking frequently, and in increa sing quantities, until eventually their Southern blood begun to leap within their veins, and I under the bombastic influence of intoxication ; their souls were filled with highly colored and i exaggerated notions. Minute by minute their souls grew more elated, their imaginations more expanded and their self-admiration more bold; auu by the time a second cask- was : opened the whole throng had become garru lous and boastful. Here an aged father fold of his youthful feats of fabulous strength ; there a yonth told of his prowess! :with the spear, and yonder a warrior strovrftor walk the trunk of an. almost perpendicular tree. Loader and louder grew their voices — assertions' ripened into arguments — arguments into quarrels ; and eventually two stalwart warriors: : — Jppui and Bumbo — determined to decide tile question ot superiority with the nulla by fighting a duel. A spot having been chosen' as the site whereon this strange contest should' (take place the warriors of the class Ijgmi stood! on one side, those of Knmho 011 the other ; each 1 party confident of and loudly declaring the. . superiority of their respective champions. It was the custom in nulla duels to decide by lot" who should strike first, aiid chnuco favoring the' Jppui Jiumbo bent his body horizontally, whilst his antagonist dealt him a powerful blow! on the nnpe of the neck with his milts.' Jiumbo felt, bat sprang instantly to his feet, -! nnd returned the blow on the neck of the hcud-<' ing Jppui. Possibly no creatures on earth bnt-- Australian natives could havo survived- thq-i cightuv tort exchanges of blows which followed,' boiore Ippui being unable to'rise after an! ox> ceptionaily severe shock Jiumbo was declared-'' to be the conqueror. Bnt, though the duel was over, its evil con sequences were yet to come. As the dusky " spectators staggered hack towards, the raw' casks they indulged- in vociferous praises of' their respective favorites in tho combat arid ' the individual prowess of the champions soon ' gave place to general faction praise. The ; Jppai supporters declared that all the Jpntn ivero better than all tho Kumbo. Finally, when the excitement was at its height, an . Jppai speared a Ktunbo through the body, and ; in less time than it takes to tell the whole ' drunken mass was struggling in a bloody mad ness, and the slaughter became indiscriminate ; Words cannot paint — the mind can scarce1 conceive, tho horrors of that fatal night, when ' in the wilderness primeval, with the ghoul-like- mountains frowning through tho dnrkness — in; the savage kingdom where Christian feet. lmd; never trodden — amidst the wail of women, and " the dingoe's dirge, the Womra warriors fell-' Lenenlb the white man's curse, and marked the advent of tho Christian era by a scene of bloody carnage beyond the realms of comprehension. Reader, "shall wo proceed, or shall we pause- here 011 a threshold tho crossing of which will disclose a scone of sanguinary darkness, too terrible to contemplate?' Words are weak without imagination, and though one pile up; adjective on adjective in striving to describe, yet may he fail. Tho writer has taken npoc himself to place before you a picture the infamy of which defies portrayal; therefore, pass not lightly over this portion of my narrative, bnt givo full play to fancy, and thereby help my weakness. I say give full play to your imagination, nnd spare not, for tho hiilcons horrors of that bloody night sceno by tho shore of Lake Boiil, the wildest mind cannot outreavli- or boldest fancy fumes exaggerate. ' It was at aa ovil moment that the fracas which lead up to a general light, touk place ' Had it occurred a little earlier, there woolil : havo been sufficient reason left in tho heathen minds to prevent a general outburst ; whereas, a little later, tho liquor would have prostrated their physical as well as mcatal energies, and so but a feeble butchery would have ensned ; but it unfortunately happened at a moment when thoy bad drank to that point of excess when all the passions were roused to a fevei heat of excitement, the physical powers being but slightly affected. Tho wild, current ol oxultation and ferocity which up to this tim had been suspended within -thein, gaining only partial vent in loud tnd boastful cxciaiinings, now burst forth in fierce demands for blood v and ovcry warrior glared upon his neighbor with a look of fiorco and vengeful hate. With spear, and club, and boomerang, they foil upon each other with awful violence. Father against son, brother against brother; they "fought' like' maddened, incarnate devils, whoso; only cry was "Slay! slay I" whose- only: thirst! won for hlood. Swaying and. srirging,! ' tho huddled . mass fought to . thai, water's; odgo, leaving in tlieir track a hideout layer of trampled, blood-stained bodies ; and as they seothed and struggled along tho shore, the gory streams trickled down and flowed into the lake. The loud, delirious ravings of tho drunken host ; the cries and groans of the wounded, and the wailings of . the terror stricken women these awful sounds rose on the night air, and mingled in the bills and gullies with the howls of the prowling wild dog and the screams of the feathered haunters of the darkness. The moon looked out from behind n gathering cloud, and disclosed the horrible, blood smeared visages of the frenzied warriors, distorted with passion and intoxica tion. \- When the hellish slaughter was at its height, a series of loud shrieks rose suddenly from whero the women were assembled — not the wofnl whines of lamentation, which hitherto had been their utterance, but shrieks of terror — crios called forth by sudden, unexpected danger. Their thoughts diverted for the .moment, the warriors ceased their strife, and staggered towards the spot from whence these cries arose. Here most of the women were assembled, looking towards tho plains with anxious and fearful eyes, and had their stal wart sons been less stupefied by alcohol, those stifled screams and hurriedly retreating foot- stops would have told their own story of abduction. As it was, the warriors fonnd no cause for ihoso loud shrieks which brought them to the women's quarters, and, not yot bavins satiated their thirst for blood, being maddened by this unnecessary interruption of their riot, thoy fell upon the women with ferocious violence. Casting themselves into various attitudes of entreaty, tho women rent ihe air with their weird and awful death crios ; bat the ears of their drunkou assailants were deat, and tho wholesale massacre went on. Attacked by n superior number of men, unarmed and powerless to resist, these poor creatures fell an easy prey to weapons of their blood thirsty sons; and in 20 minutes not a woman was left uninjured iu the camp — not a woman of the Womra escaped the devilry of the onslaught, save perhaps a icore ; and tho 20 whero were they ? This ghastly mutilation of their females com- "plotcd, the warriors stood for ono moment, gazing with fixed and spell-bound eyes upon the hideous victims of their devilish work; but the next, uttering fierce shouts (tho outcome of furious passions aud drunken insanity), thev once more sprang upon each other,. with all the ferocity of beasts. Under the fitful illumina tion of the camp fires, which played red and wild about them, tho dnsky blood- stained rabble, writhing aud seething in deadly combat, presented a spectacle of hellish aspect. An hour later, (he moon once more broke through the cloud rifts, and lit a sceno of frightful horrors. Tho combat still proceeded, bnt was much decreased iu violence. The shouts of defiance grew fainter as tho minutes passed — rarer, and rarer, with the fall of each victim ; and soou the utmost efforts of the exhausted survivors being powerless, against Ihe stnpors of iutoxication, tbe sounds of strife sensed, and the stupefied fighters sauk upon tho ground — the living stretched among the dead. The moonlight paled, and weakened, casting meagre shadows on the blood-stained earth ; Ihe fire lights flickered, shooting fitful gleams npon the ghastly bodies, where corpse and . sleeper lay huddled iu grim confusion ; and tho only Eouuds which broke the siicuce were of the wounded groaning forth their anguish, the dying gasping for the breath of life. But even these grew fainter and less frequent, as soul alter soul flittered through the night into the mysterious darkness, away from earthly ' bondage, aud gradually a deep and awful stillness sank down upon the Womra camp. A slaughter house, a grave yard in the wilderness 1 And yet this was tho wnrrngcry whence, 24 hours before, there marched forth 400 breves, truo to the noble instincts of their natures — proud in the knowledge os their courage. Oh, fatal error 1 Oh, dark calamity ! — base uses of the gifts of culture ! Was there no way but this ? This massacre and degradation ? — the savage's disaster — tho Saxon's shame, Tho camp fires smouldered : the wind swept through the forest with a wild troubled moan ; the sheoaks sobbed and sighed, and the water lilies drooped ; the night birds, flapping from their mosty haunts, hovered abovo the carnage croaking their evil omens ; and from all the surrounding covers tho wondering dingoes lifted their wail of sorrow. A solitary haunter of the darkness flittered with its shadow across the lake, paused above tho strickenWomra, and uttering his solemn notes fla; ped off nmidst the valley whispers. Nature wept and made her moan of sorrow for tho dire affliction. She wept ; and well she might, for with that scene of darkness thero faded from tho world the time honored glories of a heathen people. It is true that, in after time, with jealous care these solitudes may cling to and preserve the glamor of an old time glory ; it is true that legends and flowing fancy may restore with momentary brightness the tarnished colors of an ancient romanco ; likewise, that the dreamer, flattering hold imagination, and lashing tho grand pas sions of his soul in silent breedings, may view before his mind's eye with vivid reality tho picturesque wildnoss, ihe primeval greatness, of old timo splendors ; but as the flower loses its brightness and rots in winter's foetid moisture, so isthis people stripped of pride and chivalry — their snn is set for ever. The angry night winds, with their growls of discontentment, swept down the dark, wild valleys at the dead of night, and tho silent night sweats, oozing forth, stood in damp and clammy beads upon tho colds tnrk bodies. A wild wail, like the sorrowing laments of a host of lost, unholy spirits, went out from a distant shaggy peak ; tho hungry red dogs scent the bloody banquet from afur, and soon tho shadowy things of ovil cropt in silcnco from the scrub, and moved among the dead. Oh, the horrid crunch of ficEh I Oh, ghastly feast 1 