NEEDLES Short, Sharp, Shiny. A resurrected dog. Dr. Curtis is recovering. Coursing at Mount Pleasant. More illuminations in Victoria. Ghilzai insurrection collapsing. The Demon enquiry adjourned. Interest in roller-skating reviving. Last night of the "Money Spinner." Another ghost up north—it's a dog's. Jealousy the cause of Redhill tragedy. Kemp and Matterson row on Monday. Influx last week, 234; departures, 191. The Victorian lacrosse players have gone. Glenelg danced till 1 o'clock this morning. Premier Gillies welcomed at the Exhibition. Over 5,000 people at the Exhibition yester- day. Congregational jubilee lectures begin next week. Victorian visitors helping our Exhibition along. Lord Carrington's visit to Adelaide post- poned. The two young princes have arrived in Dublin. Mr. Cohen, M.P. in the House of Commons, is dead. Victoria will have a surplus of £200,000 for the year. A train full of Melbourne M.P.'s arrived on Tuesday. Forty-three more arrivals than departures last week. Occasional hissing when the princes arrived in Dublin. Mr. Gillies will have to leave for Melbourne to-morrow. The ship Earl of Zetland has arrived safely at Sydney. Lord Carnarvon coming to the colonies in September. P. & O. Company going to receive steerage passengers. This weather would not be mist. This is a Jubilee joke. Mr. Wragge's Walkerville Observatory is to be broken up. Mr. Stuart complains of Mr. Thow's arbi- rary behavior. Adelaide meteorologists were glad to see Mr. Wragge last night. Twenty-five shot in a mongrel's brain ain't enough to kill him. The Sydney Centennial Celebration Bill has been read a first time. The South Melbourne lacrosse team won their last game easily. John Morley's motion on the Irish Crimes Bill rejected by 61 votes. An amendment to limit the operation of the Crimes Bill has been lost. Seven men imprisoned in and rescued from the pearl mine, Sandhurst. Several unworked capitalists' leases at Silverton have been cancelled. Lord Hartington does not see the way to a reunion of the Liberal party yet. The Rev. J. W. Piatt says Gladstone is still England's greatest statesman. The yokel was mightily scared when he saw his dead dog's tail wagging at the back door. An ammunition maker will visit Melbourne to see about establishing a cartridge factory. Sir Samuel Griffiths complains that English papers give but little space to colonial topics. Sydney excursionists to Adelaide will be allowed to break their journey at Melbourne. The women of New South Wales are trying to have their Parliament opened with prayer. Newcomb, who got money by pretending to be a solicitor, will be imprisoned for 20 months. Chief Secretary Ramsay thinks the inter- colonial railway a practical kind of federation. The Rev. Mr. Platt does not fear separation as the result of granting Home Rule to Ireland. Graduates of Oxford and Cambridge have been congratulating Lord Hartington on his coercive policy. Can any of our scientific readers enlighten our light-headed correspondent on the subject of the electric light? It is stated that Mr. John Tender, the English cable monopolist and ally of Jay Gould, is to receive a baronetcy. Sir Samuel Griffith believes that Imperial Conferences will ultimately resolve themselves into a Parliament to decide questions of Imperial interest. A correspondent saw peculiar lights on the horizon last night, and thought he had got 'em again. It was only the Nelson boys playing up pranks with the electric light. The Nordenfeldt is the largest and most powerful torpedo boat yet constructed. Her length is 110 feet and width 13 feet. Her engines are of 1,200 horse- power, with a speed of 19 knots on the surface. A new vestry hall in Mount-street for the metropolitan parish of St. George, Hanover- square, was opened by the Duke of West- minster. It was stated that the land had cost £11,624 and the building £15,362, the total being £183 less than the estimate. Russia is much more advanced than France on the question of female emancipation. At St. Petersburg there is a special committee to whom the Government has confided the task of reorganising superior education for women. They have also started a project for the adop- tion of the medical profession for women. Benjamin Burkin Clapton pleaded guilty at Bow-street Police Court to diluting his beer with water. The dilution was to the extent of 8 gallons of water to the cask of beer. Defendant also said the dilution was done contrary to his orders. He was fined £40. A child named Clarke fell out of the door of a carriage when proceeding to Harwich on the last August bank holiday, and was badly injured. Its parents brought an action against the Great Eastern Railway Company, and a jury awarded them £300 compensation. The opium revenue for the current financial year from two sales of Bengal opium and one month's pass duty on opium exported from Bombay is at present 997,000 rupees below the estimates; the deficiency in Bengal being 179,350 rupees, and in Bombay 817,650 rupees. There are nearly 23,000 blind persons in England. Lord Derby mentioned this fact in aid of the blind at Preston, and said the object of those who sympathised with their affliction should be to stimulate their energies by pointing out the example of such men as the late Mr. Fawcett. The nuns who teach in primary schools in Alsace-Lorraine are forbidden to complete their own instruction in convents at Nancy because the French tongue being the greatest obstacle to developing a German spirit in those pro- vinces, it is judged desirable by the authorities that teachers of young children should not know that language well. Compulsory military service for all Spaniards of the age of 20 years is established by the new Army Bill introduced by Senor Castello in the Spanish Chamber. It also proposes three years of active service, four years in the first reserve, five years in the second reserve, redemptions to be permitted only from men destined for service in the colonies. Mrs. Gladstone has signed the message of sympathy from the women of England to the women of Ireland condemning the Crimes Bill, promising all the influence they can exercise in favor of the granting of Home Rule, and "en- treating them, for their own sakes, to endure as patiently as they can the woes of eviction and suffering now bearing so hardly upon them." It appears from those who have been lately in Abyssinia that the military discipline there is so strict that should a soldier return from an engagement without his gun he has his feet cut off, because he has not fought for the gun until he bled to death. They are also for- bidden to smoke on pain of having their noses or tongues cut off. Our discipline is somewhat more lax than this. Adventurous young Mr. Lionel Gowing has reached Europe after a sleigh journey through the trackless wastes of Asia. He has bravely crossed from China to St. Petersburg, and should be the athletic lion of the day. The frost through the greater part of the journey was arctic in its severity, and—but this must be a joke—Mr. Gowing and his travelling com- panion had to shave the icicles from their chins every morning. A gentleman who was crossing the English Channel, and was half seas over, that is, midway between Dover and Boulogne, says he went below to make the personal acquaintance of the steward for reasons that need not be ex- plainfed, when, on entering the cabin, he saw, to his surprise, a gentleman in a reclining posi- tion whose whole chest (poitrine) was illu- minated. Nearing the individual and quite forgetting the steward, he saw the newest thing out, namely, a portable electric light, which was hung round the neck and shoulders. The machine was compact and portable, and enabled the wearer to read in any position. It is not, he believes, a costly thing, and is there- fore likely to become patronised by railway and steamboat travellers. 