? P/SSENGERS PER S.S. NECKAB.—The following ja^senjers are booked by tl.e N.D.L.S. Ncckar, leavii? here on Monday tbe 30th inst.:—Mr. and Mrs. Stai^e, Misses Stange (2), Mra Hendiy and three children and nuree, Misses Pick eid Konchade, and Master Koschade, in the saloon ; and six in the steerage. THE LATE CHIEF OFFICER OF THE CHEVIOT. — We are pleased to hear that iiberal subscriptions are being received in a'J of the widow and family of the late M'. Crosbie, who was drowned last week. A list will be taken round the city in a day o; twc. RECEIVED.—Hardicicke College Rc\ lew for May. OOT OF SEASON.—A bunch of green wheat ears can be seen at this office. They are from self-sown wheat, and grew on the farm of Mr. Glac'ien, Mount Rat. Although the items pre but 2 feet hi^h, yet the ears if short are plump. Oi conrse the increasing coldness of the weather would have prevented their coming to maturity. GAWLER MODEL SCHOOL.—Some little time ago several of the girls attending the Gawler Model School conceived the idea of holding a children's bazaar in aid of the Children's HospitaL 1A committee of girls was appointed to collect subscriptions and goods and to carry out the matter. Many willing fingers worked for it, and great interest waB shown by the youngsters in the whole undertaking. On Friday afternoon, May 27, after school, the bazaar was opened by Mr. J. Harry, the head master, who explained that the whole credit must be given to the children, for it was their idea, and they had cairied it out. A nice collection of articles were got together, and a brisk sale took place. In the evening there was a promenade concert in the school, Misses Bright, Quarton (2), Gartrell, Limb, Curson, Mankey, and Cheek, and Me3srs, Forgie and Loveridqe (2) carrying out a very nice programme. There was a good attendance, and the whole affair reflects the highest credit upon the children, for the veiy b?ndeome sum of £12 will be available for the Children's Ho3pital through, their k'ndly effort3. THE "GHOST" STORY.—The Blackrock correspondent of the Ncrlhu n Argas writ: 3 on May 24 :—" Since the 17ch inst. the residents of this part have been in a state of great excitement over tbe Yanyarrie aud Cridook ebos« stoiy, the subject of it, the little :,ul ccbuUze, being brought here by her rather upon the above date, iu consequence of JV' •. and Mrs. Hamdorf's reluctsnca to kcep'O^ the child any longer. Sufficient hai been witnessed here by many pereons, myself amongst the number, to convince us tbat th^ reports appearing from Cradock were noi exaggerated, although unaccountable. Knocking has been heard here when the child w. s sound asleep, but she teems under some strange and powerful influence duricT the time the knocking continued, her artrs ar« lestltas and her head roils about from Blie to side. Having heard that upon tonchio-j her hair whilst iu this state the person 1.0 doicg would experience a shock as of eicctiicily, 1 once or twice attempted this, but each time upon putting my hand close to her head, without touching her, she gj,ve a sharp spriug in the bed to avoid the contact, though still asleep, and casting her heict about, si^hina, and tossing her arms. As soon aB the knocking, which appeared to be uuctr the wall and close to the child's head, ceased she became quite calm, and her sleep natural Shortly alter the knocking ceased she was awakened, and asked several questions, but denied any knowledge of what hid 'transpired during the time she was under this 6ttan«e influence. Mr. Kodeghiere, to wiioae p'ace she and her brother have Oecn taken by the father, has been very much annoyed by the crowds comirr; there to witness these maii festat'.ons. Though perfectly willing t j give eveiy facility, the house is often crowded to exeets. Tbe knocking is not he„rd regu'arly evuy night, neither does it come at tl"e same time each ni'jht. Tbe whole family teem veiy anxious to have the matter solved, and are perfectly willing to afford every reasonable facility to any person wishin? to "nvel i- gate it. A neighbour of Mr. Sshultze's from Kurilpj, who knew the child well no there, informed me to-day that she has lately fallen away very much, although she still seems to be quite lively and cheerful. Several persons who have seen the child whilst under this influence cannot account for the statement given by Mounted-constable Shegog concerning the a flair that the child was causing the knocks herself. I can Dositively assert that the child is subject to some yet unaccountable influence, nd I trust the question may b.soon eolved satisfactorily," 