m ' ' _ — — Parliament. Tuesday, October 25. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The House met at 3.30 p.m. THE EJECTION OF THE COLONIAL SECR^TATiT. The Sfeakeb announced the return of the -writ for the election of a representative for the elec toral district of St. Leonards endorsed with the pame of Sir Henry Parkes. (Ministerial cheers.) Sir Henbt Pa&kes; then entered the chamber, enhRftritind f,n tha -roll anA tnnk his Beat at the head of the Government benches. ABMOTTBED EfECTKIC CABI.E. In answer to Mr. Abbott, the Colonial Secee Tart said there had been a farther examination of the armoured cable, conducted by Lt.-Colonel Cracknell. The condition was found satisfac tory. OYSTEE CTJLTUEE. In answer to Mr. M'Millan, the Coiontal Secretary said it was the intention of the Government to introduce a bill abolishing the toyalty on oysters. COTJItT OF PETTY SESSIONS AT MANLT. ~In answer to Mr. Gale, the Minister of Justice said there appeared to be no necessity at the present time to establish a court of petty ses sions at Manly. MOTION FOB ADJOURNMENT. Mr. O' Sullivan moved the adjournment of the House to deny the truth of a statement made by the Minister of Public Instruction at Tuena on Saturday evening to the effect that owing to the absence of certain members of the Opposition from their places in Parliament, the Bankruptcy Bill had been promptly dealt with in committee. After some debate the motion was negatived. REGISTERED MEDICAL PRACTITIONERS. Dr. Cortis moved — ' That this House will, on Tuesday nest, resolve itself into a committe of the Whole to consider the expediency of bringing in a bill to enable the public to, distinguish regis tered medical practitioners.' 'He said he simply desired that the bill should be' one to distinguish the different grades of medical practitioners, and not in^iny way to protect any particular class. The report of the select committee of tke Legis lative Council showed that 'there were no less than 183 persons practising without diplomas, while representing themselves ss qualified practi tioners. ? The bill assumed the title 'doctor' or ' surgeon ' to be simply a trade mark. ? The motion was agreed to. A DAILY HANSARD. Mr. Caretjthers moved that the report of the select committee appointed to inquire into the expediency, best means, and probable cost of printing, ? publishing, and circulating a daily issue of 'Hansard/' brought up on July 12, 1887, be now adopted. Mr. Burns said assuming there was a daily J'Hansard/' experience would show that the public, instead of reading the full debate, would turn to their newspaper for the condensed report. The press were the best judges of what the public ?would read. With a daily issue there would be an enormous expenditure with very little result. But he admitted that the mere question of ex pense must be a secondary consideration. It was of importance to them to give the public a correct impression of their proceedings. He felt it would be far better to take steps to increase the circulation of foe weekly ' Hansard.' He would oppose the motion. Mr. Dibbs considered that a daily ' Hansard' would meet a great public convenience, and he would thereiore oe m tavor ot tae motion. Mr. Allen said the public had never asked for this change, and he questioned very much if a daily issue would enhance the public interest in their debates. Mr. Haynes considered there would be inter minable speechifying in the Chamber if they in curred the expense of a daily ' Hansard.' All that was required was a record, and that they had in their weekly issue. Men spoke in that ' Chamber to influence ene another, not to speak to people outside the walls. He would oppose the motion. Mr. Melville did not desire to find any fault with the press, but it was certain that it was . conducted on commercial lines, and represented more fully that phase of thought which was its .particular bent than that opposed to it. The . Opposition of the present Parliament had not been treated fairly by the press of the city. Leading members, when they spoke, were often entirely ignored. The motion was negatived on the following division : — Ayes, 22: Messrs. Carruthers, Frank Farnell, Hutchison, Goodwin, Seaver, Henson, Wall, Walker, Thompson, Jones, Chanter, Dibbs, Moore, O'Sollivan, Hassall, Dowel, Barbour, Melville, Ewing, Waddell, Toohey, and Fletcher. Noes, 33 : Sir Henry Parkes and Messrs. Haynes, Day, Inglis, Burns, Eoberts, Tonkin, Garrett, Sutherland, O'Mara, Wm. Clarke, Allen, Wise, Burdelrin, Teece, Dawson, Stephen, Taylor, Gar van, Garland, Withers, Stevenson, Chapman, M'Court, Woodward, Hawken, Frank Smith, Dr. Wilkinson, E. Burdett Smith, Foster, Dr. Cortis, JDangar, and Bowes. PROSPECTING- VOTE. Mr. Sydney Smith moved tbat this House ?will, on Tuesday next, resolve itself into a com mittee of the whole, to consider an address to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be placed on the estimates for 1888, a sum not exceeding £50,000, topromotethe prospecting for gold and other minerals, to be disbursed in accordance with regulations to be laid upon the table of this House. Sir Henry Parses said this was especially a matter which ought to be considered in a com mittee of the whole. The Government, while consenting to the motion at this stage, reserved to themselves the right to take whatever course sub sequently they might choose. The motion was agreed to. A REFORMATORY POE BOYS. Mr. Foster moved — ' That the establishment of a reformatory for boys is a matter of urgent necessity.' He ssid the only doubt that seemed to have existed as to the urgency of a reformatory, such as that proposed, -was founded on the tact that there was not a very large number of criminals of these ages who ought to come under the operation of this Act at present serving sentences in the gaols ; and it was because they had to go to gaol that they were allowed to be at large. ' No fresti legislation, was required to carry out this resolution, but simply to give effect to legislation that existed. It was generally admitted that there was a large num ber of juvenile criminals brought before the in ferior, courts who never were allowed to go into gaoi, because it was felt that although the law required them to receive a punishment, there was nP proper punishment which could be awarded them. Sir Heney Pabkes said the hon. member seemed to him to have mistaken what a reformatory consisted of. Simply to fasten an offender up within four walls was not sufficient. That would be just as much a prison as Darlinghurst Gaol was. The most eminent reforma tory was that of Mettray. But there was nothin-T Tim-ratine of a, Tirison about Metfcrav. Dr. Mueller's great reformatory at Bristol was ? successful only because of the benign laws under which it was governed. Then there was the eminent Bed Hill Reformatory, which was simply a group of farm-houses. .It was not . the case that this country was defaced by juvenile criminals ; that their name was legion. Those were, the words used by the. hon. member. . Amongst the young population of this ?country, there was not a greater proportion .of .. young people prone to little offences against the law than in other countries. If a reformatory were established to-morrow, his opinion was they would not find more than thirty . or forty -young offenders, such as ought to be included in this reformatory. There would at the same time be the necessity to keep up a com plete staff of management. The expense would be fully £50 a head. Then the difficulty- arose in fin-^g. a place where the true . principles, of a .reformatory could be carried out, and such as were carried out at Mettray. 1$ was a very grave question whether much good would \- ? be done -if Jthey only considered the confinement of these poor boys within four walls. _ He ha- given the subject-very. careful consideration, and he had considered it lately, and was willing to : tryit; but he would not .carry .put any hard \- mechanical motion of confining these . poor little . boys— helpless, unfriended, untaught criminals — to the four -walls of a building. Until some proper place was found where 'the : true reform-. atory system might be applied, lie hoped the House would bear with the. Government. Mr. Tbicxett maintained that there was imme diate necessity for suoh a' reformatory. At the present time charges were withdrawn against juvenile criminals, because if convicted there was no proper place to confine then, and when dis charged the offenders were re-arrested under the Industrial Schools Act and sent to the Yernon. It was never intended that this training ship should be put to this purpose; but was estab lished simply to receive vagrant and neglected children. There need be no difficulty about obtaining a place ; for there were hundreds of suit able sites obtainable throughout the coloay. Mr. Thompson considered the Colonial Secre tary had been raising ghosts simply for the pur pose of knocking them down again. He maintained that there had been a necessity for a reformatory for boys for years past. g§Mr. Dibbs said the very, fact that criminals were finding their way on board the Vernon should be sufficient to cause the House to consider seriously this question. He thought the question should be dealt with at once. fgMr. Inglis considered the evil effect of boys being confined for offences in prisons was greatly minimised now under the effective system of classification in force. It was simply ridiculous to talk about old criminals teaching juvenile delinquents in the gaols. Those who were in the least acquainted with gaol discipline knew that the two classes were never allowed to come in contact with one another. Mr. Henson thought that the importance of establishing a reformatory should force itself upon the Government, and he hoped there would be no further delay before some definite step, such as that proposed, .should be taken. Mr. Wall also spoke, in support of the resolu tion. The motion was agreed^ to on the voices. THE CONDITIONAL PURCHASE OF MRS. ANN ROUSE. Mr. Abbqtt moved — 1.. That a select committee be appointed, with power to send for persons and papers, to inquire into and report upon all the circumstances attending the conditional purchase of Mrs. Ann Rouse of 80 acres, situate in the parish of Kahihah, and the forfeiture of the same. 2\. That such committee consist of Messrs Brunker, Day, Ewing, Goodwin, Garrett, Hassall, Lee, Thompson, Sydney Smith, and the mover.' The motion was agreed to. . ' LEASEHOLDS IN THE EASTERN DIVISION. Mr. Day moved — ' That, in the opinion of this House, the Government; ought to give the neces sary notice under the Land Act of 1884 to all lessees of pastoral holdings and resumed areas m the Eastern Division that their respective leases shall terminate at the expiration of five years from the date of issue, and that no renewals of such leases will be granted.' The motion was agreed to. THE CASE OF PATRICK HALL. In answer to Mr. Haynes, the Attorney General said it was the case that a young man named Patrick Hall was sentenced in October, 1SS4, to ten years' penal servitude at the Maitland Circuit Court. That young man was released from gaol after serving 14 months, and was now under committal for an offence similar to that on which he had been convicted and sen tenced. THE HILBTTBH CEEEK AFFAI3. Mr. O'Maea moved — ' That the following re solutions, moved by. Sir Henry Parkes in the Legislative Assembly on Friday.. November 11, 1881, and now on the records of the Souse, be expunged therefrom*: — ' 1. That/in the]opinion of this House, the evidence take* before the Boyal Commission proves that Thomas Garrett, Esq., a member of this House for the electoral district of Camden, opened negotiations with Mr. William Russell, the solicitor to the Milbura Creek Copper-mining Company, and concluded an ar rangement with, the said Mr. William Eussell, whereby he was to benefit himself in an improper manner . while the ques tion of an award of public money as compensation to the said Mil burn Creek Copper mining Company was pending before the Govern ment, and when it must have been known to the said Mr. Thomas Garrett, that any such award would have to be submitted to the vote of the Legislative Assembly. 2\. That, in the opinion of this House, the said Mr. Thomas Garrett, in these transactions, has been guilty of conduct unworthy of a member of this House, and seriously reflecting upon the honor and dignity of Parliament.' He main tained if these, resolutions were not expunged from the records of the House, the position of the Colonial Secretary was utterly indefensible. He had no hesitation in saying that they ought to be expunged — not altogether from their per sonal consequences to the Colonial Secretary and the Minister of Lands, but on account of the pro cedure that gave rise to them. Mr. Levxen : Oh, wipe it out. Mr. Garrett . Don't make any mistake about that. He is trying to rub it in. Mr. Levien : I'm no party to it. Mr. Teicextt: As these resolutions were carried in favor of Mr. Garrett, why do yott want them expunged. Mr. O'Maea: Was not Sir Henry Parkes' character to be questioned? He wanted Sir Henry Parkes to declare whether these resolu tions embodied a truth or not. He went on to say, referring to a charge made against him in bringing forward this motion, that ne coward was so cowardly as a privileged coward. [Mr. Gab bett : Hear, hear.] (Ministerial cheers.) Mr. Garrett said the course of the hon. mem ber was one that was actuated by any but the motives which he professed to have. He had not written these charges down; he had not spoken them down ; but he had lived them down. The hon. member to talk about doing this for the honor of the House. Why he did it simply for his own petty political purposes. The thing was as hollow and as transparent as the hon. member himself. He was actuated by as mean and contemptible motives . as ever actuated any hon. member in this House. He was going to move that all the words . after ??.that'be omitted, with the view of inserting the following: — 'The circumstances that the matter of this resolution was kept upon the busi ness paper of this House during the greater part of last session, and not attempted to be proceeded with, together with want of relevance to the busi ness of the House, sufficiently proves that it has been moved from improper motives, and therefore this House is of. opinion that it ought to be ex punged from its records.' Mr. Levien characterised the course of the hon. member who . had moved the motion as un manly in the extreme, and was inspired by un worthy motives. After some further debate, the question that the words proposed to .be omitted stand part of the clause, was put, and negatived on the fol lowing division : — Ayes (8).— Messrs. O'Mara, Melville, O'Sul Iivan, Toohey, Walker, Dawson, Moore, and Wall. Noes (30).— Sir Henry Parkes and jMessrs. Inglis, Boberte, Clarke, Barns, Levien, Stephen, Burdett Smith, Garrett, Tonkin, Bowman, D. Wilkinson, Burdekin, Frank Smith, Seaver, Cameron, Boss, Carruthers, Cooke, M'Court, O'Connor, Gordon,. Holborow, Hawthorne, Teece, Hawkin, Mackinnon, Stephenson, Schey, and Haynes. The question that the -words proposed to be in serted be so inserted, was agreed to on division. Ayes 30, noes 7. *~ . Mr. Wall said he had voted in error in the first division, and begged to hare his name with drawn from the division list.- . .The resolution as amended was agreed to on division. Ayes 28, noes 8. The Speaker said he would take the usual course, and see that the 'votes and proceedings now come to did not .appear on the records of the House. .' - Mr. MiLVH-LE said he wished to ask the Colo nial Secretary if he would move a resolution that the seat of the hon. member Jf or Monaro should be declared vacant, seeing that be was now adjudged guilty of having taken some course from unworthy motives. ' Sir Henry Pabkes said he did not intend to take any course that would bring him in contact with the ion. member for Monaro. - Mr. Melville then asked the Speaker if he would take any course in the matter. . - The Speaker replied in the negative. Mr. Melville moved that the proceedings ap pear on the records of the House, because the amendment carried was more than an expunging of certain resolutions. It contained an expres ,sion .of opinion impugaing the conduct of the hon. member ' who. had brought forward the motion. - ...' Sir Hese* Pabkes: Move the resolution-'- ' we'll vote for it. Mr. Melville : Yon are not. game. Sir Henry Pabkes : We want the proceedings to appear on the records. Mr. Melville : Then I shall move that the House disagrees with the Speaker's ruling that the proceedings shall not appear on the records. (Laughter, and cries of ' Oh ! oh !') The Speaker said he had given no ruling, and consequently the amended motion of the hon. member would not be in order. Sir Heney Parkes said so far as the Govern ment was concerned they would have been per fectly content to have accepted the intima tion of the Speaker. The Government was_ also ^ prepared to vote for the motion originally proposed by the hon. mem ber for Northumberland — Mr. Melville — that the proceedings should stand on the records of the House. The hon. member now sought to change his motion. Mr. Melville said he would move that the motion just agreed to as an amendment be entered on-the records of the House. The motion was agreed to. At a quarter to 3 a.m. the House adjourned. 