ANNUAL MISSIONARY MEETING. At 3 p.m. the usual missionary meeting was held in Young-street Church. Mr, John Cornish, J.P., presided over a good atten dance. The proceedings opened with a re ligious service, prayers being offered by the Rev. E, M. Hunter (Wesleyan). The Chair man congratulated the Bible Christian deno mination on the great success that had followed their efforts in the colony, and was glad to see that the work was appreciated by members of other religious bodies, (Hear, hear.) What had been done proved that the Divine blessing rested on them, and that the methods used were acceptable to Him. The Eev. T. PirER (Secretary of the Mission Com mittee) read the annual report, whioh stated that the year just closed had been one of very mingled experience. Joy and sorrow, pros perity and adversity, trial and triumph, had each in torn been their lot. In some stations especially the brethren had been severely tried, while in others peace and prosperity had been realized. Bat, whatever the expe rience, there had been a settled purpose to glorify God in the salvation of men. The goBpel had been proclaimed, the young had been taught the way of life, the temperance cause bad been advocated, the sick and dying had been visited, and the careless and in different had been warned. While compara tive stagnation had reigned in the commerce and productions of the colony, and while this had not been withont its effect npon the spiritual life of the people, the number of members at the mission stations had been increased by fifty six, and the year's inoome had exceeded that of the previous year by about £70; and one Btation (Port Augusta), which for the past twenty years had received assistance from the Society at an average of about £30 per year, had declared itself capable of paying its own way in future. The review of the stations contained the statement that at SUverton, New South Wales, two Churches had been built—one at Umherumberka and one at Broken Hill— and the congregations were good. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. W. H. Cann moved the adoption of the report, and that it be printed and circulated. In spite of all the so-called " advanced" thought and the modern fads they had unshaken faith in the gospel, and intended to hold to the three Puritan R's— ruin by the fall, redemption by Christ, and regeneration by the Holy Ghost. (Applause.) If they wanted to see the highest possible manifestation of Divine goodness they must continue to believe in the goBpel of Christ. The Eev. R. Lang, in seconding the motion, i said no one oould renew their history without gaining inspiration for the future. They had no fear for the Bible, because its influence became more powerful every year. The Rev. E. Gratton (Methodist New Con nexion) said any Church devoid of mission agencies could not stand. The best sign of the power of religion to-day could be seen in the passionate pity shown by its adherents for all who were Buffering, einning, and dying. (Cheers.) Whether or not Methodist tinion was realized he hoped that greater power and larger sympathy would mark those who laboured in the mission cause. The last fifty years was the 1 most glorionB period in the history of Christ's Church siuoe the dayB of the Apostles, and the brightest times were yet to come. (Cheers.) The Rev. E. J. Sampson spoke of the need of personal sacrifice in order to in crease the mission work. The motion was carried. A public tea waB held subsequently in the schoolroom. In the evening the public meeting was con tinued. The Preeident of the Conference, in the absence of the Chief Justice, occupied the chair, and made an earnest address to a large congregation. The speakers also in cluded the Revs. W. T. Penrose, J. Ray mont, T. it. Keen, and J. Hancock, jun., and the Rev. S. Gray (from the Primitive Methodist District Meeting). The following resolution was carried" That we hereby record our unfeigned gratitude to God for His abundant meroy towards us during another year, for the succour He has afforded His servante in time of trial, for the gift of His spirit to attend the preaching of the gOBpet of Christ, and for the number of those who have been brought to the knowledge of Christ on our mission stations; and we earnestly deBire for ourselves and all our friends—for all we have and all we are—a complete consecration to the service of God, bo that this year of jubilee of both our oountry and our Sovereign may be also a spiritual jnbilee, and that thousands of our fellow-colonistB may be saved from sin and become the children of God through Jesus Christ our Lord." Collections were made at both meetings and met with a liberal response. 