BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. A Colonial and Interna 1 ional Congress on Inebriety will be held on July 6 at Westminster. Mr. J. B. Dyas has presented a whitefronted heron from Anstralia to the Loudon Zoological Society. The Ceylon Legislative Council has sanctioned a grant of £24,000 for constructing batteries for the defence of Colombo. Dr. Carlos Finlay, of Havana, contends that yellow fever ia^ transmitted by inoculation, which is largePgf^erforraed by mosquitoes. Teams ofis'iS kemen from both Australia and New ^paittnd are, so the Duke of Cambridge says, expected to compete at Wimbledon this coming July. . An extensive deposit of pure asphaltum has been discovered near Thistle station, in Utah. It is worth 40 dollars a ton. The expense of mining is about 40 cents. Greenough's statue of Washington, on the east of the capital at Washington, has been tampered with by tome ii reverent vandal, and the lather of his country is now cross-eyed. The Rev. F. W. Ooodwyn, who recently refused the colonial Bishopric of Bathurst, New South Wales, has been married to Miss Thomson, the Archbishop of York's daughter Dr. William Perry, the oldest graduate of Harvard College, aud the last survivor of Fulton's steamboat ride down the Hudson River, expired recently at Exeter, N.H., at the age of 98. A professional musician has just recovered lOOOdols. from a railroad company of New York for the loss of his first finger, which prevented his playing difficult music on the piano. According to a Pans" paper, a quantity ol melinite, the new French explosive, has been stolen from the powder mill at Sevran. The affair has caused great sensation in military circles. Being«fflicted with a bowel complaint, Mrs. Henry Winn, of Oak Grove, 111., went 47 days without food or drink, when she died. From a weight of 3001b. she declined to a mere skeleton. A woman of Jefferson county, Ga, who confesses to a murder, has had a disagreeing jury, and it is thought impjBsible to convict her. It is believed that she assumes the crime to shield the true murderer. Prince Augustine Iturbide, son of Mexico's first Emperor, seriously wounded Senor Curcedo, a prominent politician, in a duel a short time since, and has taken refuge at El Pasao, T< xa*, for fear of prosecution. A New York telegram says :— " Several applications for the insurance of German •easels about to Bail have been refused, as the risk is deemed too great owing to the relations between France and Germany." Lady Jessel has paid into the bankers of the North London or University College Hospital a donation of £2,000 tor |the permanent endowment of a bed in the institution to be called " The George Jessel bed." The poet Burns is now to have his statue across the Atlantic. A Scotch admirer, who had settled in the States, has bequeathed £5000 for a Burns' memorial, which will be set up in Washington Park, Albany. The Governor of Iowa has certified back to the Federal Government 2,641,73L acres ol land in the counties of Plymouth, Woobury, and Osceola, once granted to the Sioux city aud Pacific road, butlorfeited by that company. The money-order system appears to be extensively utilised for remitting money from Australia to the United Kingdom. In 1885- 86 some 100,000 orders were received for sums amounting in the aggregate to £346,645. The income tax returns for the past year show that Krupp, the gun manufacturer, pays taxes on £250,000, the highest income of any individual in Germany. Bothechild and B'.eicbroder rank next with about £125,000 each. Dr. Pubal, professor of physics at the Grez University, has been murdered by a laboratory assistant, whom he recently dismissed from his service, and who, on the approach of the pnlicp, committed suicide by swallowing poison. It is stated in Rome that in consequence ol the excessive claims of the Pope, Russia has refused the proposal to establish diplomatic relations with the Holy See. The Vatican, however, will authorise the continuance ot negotiations. A short time ago Lord Doneraile and hiB coachman were bitten by what is supposed to have been a mad fox, kept as a pet by his lordship. They have been under the care of M. Pasteur, at Paris, but have now finished the professor's course. The son of a lord is said to be working as stoker on a railway engine at Peterborough, England. He has, it appears, been through «he fitting and smithing shops; his object being to qualify himself for a position of some importance in India. The death is announced of Madame Verne, the mother of Jules Verne, at the age of 87. . j?® deceased lady was a Bretonne, and re- Bided at Nantes. Her son, the imaginative novelist, is still laid up from the wound he received in the leg from a pistol-shot laBt winter. An extraordinary snowfall,"accompanied by extreme darkness and heavy fog, was experienced in London and all over England on March 15, Snow showers continued at intervals, the weather in the British Isles and all over Europe being uoprecedenledly severe for the seseon. An attempt was made r^cntlv to blow up Paradise House, the residence of the recorder of Gal way, near Kildysirt, with dynamite. The learned recorder was giviug a dinner party, and three dynamite cartridges were discovered on the window-rill by the police, one being lighted. The tiny Yacht Outing, only 24ft. long, which started from Boston on November 18 on a tour ot the world, has been wrecked on the coast of Florida, near Jupiter's Inlet. Captain Cloudman and his companion narrowly escaped drowning, and were rescued by a life-saving crew. Mr. R. P. Staple's Anglo-colonial picture of " Australia v. England " is now being publicly exhibited in Bond-street, London, prior to starting on a tour of the colonic*. At the private view there was quite an assemblage of Anglo-colonists and cricketers, most of whom gave orders for engravings. In climates having a difference of temperature of 75 degrees between the hot and cold seasons a railway track of 400 miles is 338 yards longer in summer than in winter—that is, expansion forces the metal closer together, closing up the space between the rails of nearly a yard in each mile. A great sensation was caused in the Isle of Man by the issue recently of a proclamation by the Lieutenant-Governor dissolving the House of Keys. No reason is given for the dissolution, but it is believed to be in consequence of the action of the House with regard to the redistribution question. Ihe Queen intends to build a villa at Aixles- Bains, on a fine site over looking the Lac Du Bourget. Her Majesty has for some time contemplated this work. But it has been deferred, as she was anxious to sell the Villa Hohenlohe, her place at Baden-Baden, before encumbering herself with another Continental residence. A terrible fire destroyed the provincial theatre of Lay bach, Austria, on February 17. Only the walls remained. The fire was not observed until the flUmes had spread so far that the director and bis family had to make their tscipe through the windows by means of high ladders. The theatre was 125 years old, and was constructed to hold 800 persons. A most remarkable bill has been introduced in the American Congress. It appropriate)) 100,000 dollars to be expended in boring into the earth's crust, and the duty of spending the money has been relegated to the Engineer Corps of the United States Army. This boring is to be done " with a view of extending and enlarging our knowledge of the features and peculiarities of its formation and structure.' 1 The brutal murder of a family is reported from Odessa, two young Nihilists, employed by a tich landowner named Gorozelo, at Yelissiavetgrad, in South Russia, having killed their employer, his wife, eight children, and several of their relatives, and then deeamped with 800,000 roubles which they stole. The inhuman assassins were apprehended at Odessa, just as they were trying to escape in a vessel to Turkey. Thanks to the crafty speeches of Sir Edward Watkin, who pointed out that an Imperial Instituted South Kensington would materially benefit their lines, the Metropolitan and South- Eastern Railway Companies agreed to subscribe liberally to the funds ot the Prince of Wales's hobby. The motions were not carried, however, without considerable opposition, one meeting (the South-Eastern Railway) being specially stormy. Now that the Suez Canal is lighted by the electric light, the passage is frequently made in 17 hours. This is very fast, as the rule limiting the speed to 16 kilometres an hour practically makes a 16-hour passage the minimum time tor ordinary vessels. However ibis has been greatly improved upon hy the' yacht Namouna, belonging to Mr. Gordon Bennett, of the New York Herald. This vessel being exempt from the limitation as to *peed, was able to pass through the canal on i he night ot the 29th January in 13 hours 52 minutes. European and American astronomers are much exercised about those phenomena in the planet Mars which go by the name of " canals." They are at a loss in assigning any plausible explanation for them. The " canals" ippear as nearly straight lines, and look like cuttings with perfectly parallel borders stretching across the continents of the planet, and reaching from one sea to another, each "canal" being about 15 miles in width. It would be a strange thing if the Martians had dug out the ship canals from one ocean to another as we are endeavoring to do. Another proposal has been made for carrying a tunnel through the Simplon. The length of the proposed tunnel is 10 miles 761ft., so that, if carried out, it will be the longest work of its kind ever attempted. The chief difficulty anticipated is the heat of the air in the uncompleted tunnel, but it is hoped and expected that this difficulty may be overcome by a system of energetic ventilation. The cost of the tunnel, if constructed, so as to accommodate two lines of rails, is estimated at £2,480,000. The time assigned for the completion of the tunnel is six years. It is stated that the Czar is bent on reducing hi* suite to a skeleton battalion of 12 generals, aod 12 aides-de-camp. His father, Alexander II., was attended by a cuite which in open formation would have assumed the propor- tions of a regiment, numbering as it did no fewer than 405 officers. The present Czar has got rid of 159 of these attendants, but he is as yet a long way off from his ideal of 24. Of the 246 remaining, 93 are adjutant-generals, 51 are generals, and 102 are aides-de-camp. Of this number there are 14 grand dukes, three dukes of Leuchtenberg, and two princ s of Oldenburg. Mr. J. R. Toplis, late editor of the Buxton Advertiser and High Peak News, has decided to seek his fortunes in Australia, and sailed for Adelaide by the steamer Orizaba last week. The local papers bewail his departure and are loud in praise of his many good qualities. One of them says :—Combined with unusual literary abilities Mr. Toplis has a sincere love for his profession, and granted he is favored with good health his undoubtable pluck and sterling worth both as a man and a litterateur, will unquestionably achieve for himself an honorable position and name in that new world to whose shores he starts this week with high hopes andrspirations." Dr. Daniel Wilson, president of the University-college, Toronto, is a left-handed man, and he has lately published a paper on the subject, in which he expresses his opinion thai left-handeiness is due to an exceptional development of the right hemisphere of the brain. Moreover, he is willing to prove his opinion personally, and he has, therefore, left orders that his own brain, after bis death, shall be turned to account for the little further service of stttllng this physiological puzzle. He thinks that the right hemisphere of his own brain will not only be found to be heavier than the left, but that it will probably be marked by a noticeable difference in the number and arrangements of the convolutions. A curious lawsuit has just been concluded in La Creux, a email town in Saxony. A man who was pested with rats caught one ol their number, and tied a small bell to its neck, and then let it go, with the idea of scaring the other rate away. The ruse succeeded admirably, but the next night a family residing in another portion of the town were almost frightened out of their wits by hearing a bell tinkling all over the house. They came to the conclusion that the bell must be carried up aud down the wallr, and over the roof by a ghost, and were about to quit the house when a servant-girl came and told them the cause. The man was summoned for creating a nuisance, but, as the rat had been caught and killed, was only lightly fined. The first ceremony in connection with the fiftieth anniversary of the introduction of railways in France took place on February 6 at the Bois de Vineennes, where a grand Railway Exhibition is to be held this summer. It was on the occasion .of the.xaising into position ol the first iron girder of the Exhibition-palace. Numerous speeches were made by the organisers of the enterprise, deputies, and municipal councillors, in the course of which the history of railways was touched upon and the object of the railway celebration explained. The Exhibition will open on May 1. One of the attractions will consist in a .railway running round the enclosure. The length will be five mile?, and along it there will be stations built to imitate the railway stations in the various capitals of the world. English railways will be well represented. The connection between colliery explosions and dust in the mines is now satisfactorily settled. The question is as to how the coal dust in dusty mines can be laid. Messrs. Smethurst, of Lancashire, have just introduced a kind of- watercart for the purpose. It consists of an ordinary water barrel mounted on tram-wheels. At one end is fixed a hollow circular rose, perforated with small holeB round.its circumference, and connected by gearing to a toothed wheel on the axle of the tram-wheels. The water is then delivered into the centre ot the rose, which, revolving very rapidly when the cart is in motion, scatters the water by centrifugal force against the roof, sides, and floors of the mine where the tram track is laid down. The colliery engineers in the north of England are taking much interest in this very simple machine. A Home paper states that a Hindoo, named Abad Haran, professes to have discovered a certain remedy for snake-bite at last. It appears, that he has spent several years in watching the movements ot the little snake-killer, believing that the same herb or fruit which rendered it impervious to the poison of the serpent would render human beings, if only rightly administered, the same. After some time, however, he came to the conclusion that the antidote to the poison, whatever it was, must come (rom some internal, and not external source. So he killed one of the little animals, and discovered a small secretion of greenish liquid near the liver, which possesses, he says, the power, when used in proper quantities, to neutralise the effect of snake poison, and render it perfectly harmless. Should this assertion be a correct one, the discovery is, indeed, a most valuable one. . M. Eugene Rimmel, the well-known perfumer ot London and Paris, died unexpectedly on February 25. In the French colony in the former metropolis he was a prominent figure, and he was not only a successful man of business, but the life and soul of every work calculated to alleviate the condition of the poor and afflicted, and not among his own countrymen alone. In conjunction with Dr. Vintras and one or two French residents in London, he founded the French Hospital and Dispensary. M. Rimmel also established the Bureau de Bienfaisance, and at the time of his death had made great progress in instituting a benefit fund for the Society of Professors of French. He was an accomplished linguist, English being as familiar to him as his native French, while his knowledge of Spanish, German, Italian, and Latiu was of a high order. M. Rimmel, who was in his 67th year, succumbed to heart disease, from which he had long suffered. An eccentric gentleman observing a notice in a jeweller's shop-window, "Ladies' Ears Pierced Here," ambled into the shop, placed a bottle of castor-oil on the counter, pulled out a revolver, cocked it, and holding the weapon to the astonished jeweller's head exclaimed in an awful voice, " Drink the contents of that bottle, or I'll put a bullet through your skull, and if you make the slightest sound I'll pull the trigger." The trembling tradesman, frightened out of his wits, Bwallowed the nauseous draught with a wry face. " Now," said the eccentric gentleman in a stern tone, " if ever I hear of your piercing ladies' ears again, hang me if I don't make you take a dose of castor-oil every morning!" The eccentric gentleman then marched out of the shop in a stately way, singing, " Here's to the Maiden of Bashful Fifteen." He now resides in the padded room of a private lunatic asylum, and his silver grey locks no longer adorn his cranium. At the Clerkenwell County Court recently, Judge Eddis had before him a case in which a solicitor's clerk named Villien>, of Nunhead, sued the proprietors ot the CUrkenweU Chronicle for £25, which he claimed as first prize in a word competition. Mr. W. Thompson, counsel for plaintiff, claimed that bis client had a greater number of English words in his list than had the prize winner, and submitted that seven of the words sent in by the gentleman who took the prize were Latin affixes or prefixes. His Honor said he would not decide the case ; the parties might go to the House of Lords if they liked. The "competitors," he added, "have elected to accept adjudicators' award in this case, and, as there is an affidavit to the effect that the adjudicators have done their business to the best of their ability, there is nothing to complain of. Thoee people who have nothing else to do but to enter such competitions have a perfect right to demand to know who is to adjudicate before entering the lists, but if they fail to do this they must abide by the result." He therefore nonsuited the plaintiff, with costs. One might imagine that the wheel of time is turning backward on reading the following story which appears in a Continental paper. A landed proprietor, Baron de Gostovsky living at Saboncz, near Dantslg, made the request that at his death his head should be cut off before his interment, a service which he said he had performed on the body of his wife after her death. " We are a familyof vampires," iie added, " and if this precaution be not taken we can find no repose in the grave, but come back and bring misfortune to our children." The eldest son faithfully fulfilled the father's request, but notwithstanding this he fell ill a tew days alter the funeral. Then he went to the cemetery, caused the grave to be opened, turned the body over, and threw the head into a wood nearby. Only the slight punishmentofa fortnight's imprisonment, imposed upon the perpetiator of the outrage, was given, on account of the statements of the numerous witnesses, all of whom testified the profanation of the sepulchre had its reason solely in the firmlyrooted superstitions in Lithuanian country districts. The London correspondent of the Irish Times writes :—" A practical joke was perpetrated in the lobby by an irrepressible pressman. Mysteriously approaching his confreres one by one, he showed them what purported to be a Government Bill, folded just enough to disclose the following inscription :—' A Bill for the Better Enforcement of Law and Order in Ireland, 1887.' This was enough to fetch the alert Lobbyists, who almost went on their knees to the holder of what appeared to be the new Government Bill, and imploringly asked for just a glance at the document. Aft6r exacting promises of secrecy, which were readily given, the bill was solemnly unfolded to the crowd prepared with pointed pencils to take a hurried note of its provisions, all of which were set out in Parliamentary language. The clauses were duly transcribed to the close, when there was a universal roar, for it appeared that the measure was put down for the second reading on the 10th of March at the London Parliamentary Debating Association. Several Irish members from both sides of the House rose to the bait with uncommon freshness." There was an impromptu duel in an American county court recently. R. A. Miller, proprietor of an hotel burned at Pocahontas, was on trial for incendiarism. When the hotel was burned, two brothers named Baber lost their lives. John L. Baber, a brother of the victims, believing Miller had caused the fire to get the insurance, engaged detectives to make inquiries, and the trial was the result. One of the witnesses against Miller was an insurance agent named Baldwin. Colonel M c y, counsel for the defence, questioned the sincerity of this witness, who thereupon "ripped out a revolver, opening fire upon May," who was painfully wounded in the leg. Baldwin fired five times. Every shot took effect but" only one struck the mau aimed at, the others being distributed among the spectators." A clergyman received a scalp wound, one man was shot in the mouth, one received a flesh wound in the arm, and another a slight wound in the head. Colonel May returned Baldwin's fire, firing twice without effect. At the first shot the spectators in the court rushed pell-mell for the door, and the room was speedily emptied. NEW SOUTH WALES MENT. PARLIA- [Continued from page 27.] WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27. la the legislative Aisemb'v attention was directed by Mr. ltaugar to the rapid spread of the Bathurst burr and other noxious plants on the roads, reserves, commons, and other areas of land throughout the colony. The Minister of Mines promised that the Government would consider the introduction of a bill providing for the destruction of the objectionable vegetation. Replying to Mr. Dibbs, the Treasurer announced that it was the intention of the Government to collect the ercine duty on beer from May 1 next. He explained that this action would be in accord with custom. Matters connected with the Bulli disaster again occupied a considerable amount of attention. The Premier was questioned by Mr. Melville as to the truth of a statement that the Government were in receipt of information that the Bulli explosion was the result of crime, and not of accident, and that the police were searching for some men who were missing. Sir Henry Parkes replied that certain representations were made to the Government, who did not place much dependence on them. Nothing had transpired, so far as he was aware, to justify any such rumors. The constitution of the proposed commission of inquiry was again discussed at considerable length. Mr. Walker and Mr, Melville sought to induceMr, Abigail to give detailed information regarding the appointments to the commission, and to justify the action of the Government in ignoring the practical miners, but nothing more than a reply in general terms could be elicited. A bill, which is intended to relieve the pres sure of judicial work, which is now greatly in arrears, by providing for the appointment of a sixth judge to the Supreme Court, was read a first time, A Supply Bill for the month, which was passed thr-ngh all its stages, included an item of £368,440 for the construction and maintenance of roads. The Ttessurer explained that a portion of this money was urgently required for the purpose of repairing the damage done by floods. The debate on the financial statement was resumed by Mr. Copeland, who declared that if effect were given to the Government proposals they would involve the ruin of hundreds of persons, and would drive all mechanics out of the colony, and leave New South Wales with a population composed almost entirely of squatters and merchants. The introduction of goods manufactured by cheap labor should be checked as if it were small-pox, and the masses upon whom the progress of the country depended should be protected instead of being preyed upon. He {Minted out that last year the colony imported from Victoria and New Zealand agricultural produce to the value of £2,170,000, and our workmen were clothed, booted, f a n d were likely to be bedded by Victoria and other colonies. Speaking against the beer and spirit taxes, Mr. Dalton said that they would bring about ruination. The proposal was the most disastrous one that could emanate from any Treasurer The duty would entirely shut out the belter class of spirits, and with adulteration and illicit distillation, the receipts would fall far abort of ths Treasurer's estimate. The debate was continued till a quarter to 12, when the House adjourned. In the Legislative Council Mr. Salomons, replying to Mr. Piddingtou, stated that the Government estimated the receipts during the current year from pastoral rents at £925,000, and from rents of occupation leases at £200,000. He also stated that regulations had teen prepared, and would soon be approved, to facilitate the work of the Vine Diseases Board in dealing with phylloxera- The Conditional Purchases and Leases Valid* tion Bill was restored to something like its original form by the insertion of a clause exempting from its operation cases regarding which legal proceedings have been taken. The report of the committee was adopted. The Cremation Bill was advanced a further stage, and the Council adjourned at 20 minutes to 9 p.m. BASSETT V. BASSETT.—This was a case in which the husband was summoned by the wife in respect of certain matrimonial differences. Toe plaintiff deposed to illtreatment on the part of the defendant. Ultimately, on the suggestion of the police mogstrate, the pir.ies came to an amicible settlement, and the casa was withdrawn. STOCK. MOVEMENTS.—1 shorthorn bull from V ctoria to Round Hill, Jas. BiHour owner; 150 horses from Corangorambla, Hume, to Tarrarais, Corowa, H. T. Wbitty ; 960 store bullocks from Queensland to Victoria, Elliot, Letbbiidge, and Elliot; 300 fat bullocks from Macquarie River to Melbourne market, Palmer Bros.; 2800 merino ewes from Victoria to Big Mimosa, Jobn Brett; 33 cows and heifers, 4 calves, 3 bulls from Colac to Berrv Jerry, A. Leitch; 190 mixed sheep from Tallangatta, Victoria, to Albury market, Wm. Polmear ; 300 mixed sheep from Talgarno, Victoria, to Albnry market, W. H. Ferguson; 239 merino wethers from Bonegillo, Victoria, to Albury market, Wm. Pearson ; 13,710 merino wethers from Victoria to Wagga Wagga, G. J. Mulholland; 1,900 merino ewes from Victoria to Wagga Wagga, J. S. Clough ; 2,600 merino ewes from Horsham, Victoria, to Varra Yarra, Jas. M'Laurin; 1,200 merino wethers from the Hume district to Ferndale, Mahonga, Jan. Carter; 700 mixed sheep from the Corowa district to Albury market, Geo. Leopard ; 65 mixed store cattle from Manua to Hawk's View, Albnry, J. W. M'Kellar; 100 fat cattle from Nangus to Melbourne market, F. Jenkins. 