Stales and sketches. Hh; or, saxoh and savace. H By FOSTER OSBORN. BH Author of Cowaeee. H PART II. H Chatter V. — Ecce Homo. ' Hfllr.Kigg was big cnongh 'for two ordinary llr. King was tall enough for two Hull people; and Mr. King, in his own un- Ltd opinion, was equal in every respect to BHrtuo people who ever had the audacity to HRjin the same world with him. By reason of He iteration to whicii his stature hud raised his HMi!, Mr. King was cuablcd physically to look matin upon 999 persons out of every 1000 whom Saw met ; and by reason of the elevation to which jjj8|« Kif-sufficiency had raised his sou), Mr. gB&og; was enabled mentally to look down Braka the whole 1000. The world, made gggcrlE! for bis special benefit, was only just Mfceaeughfor Mr. King ; but, notwithstanding Sffljis limited capacity, there was still no danger BBHtiir-population, for this difficulty was adjusted H® delict that there was only one man and that Hrapa oi course was D. P. King. Certain other Biogs there were who wcro victimised by the flrahuion that they were intellectual, and of tho BHtties human, bnt if any of these refused to do jBge marionette husiucss of flitting round in Manage to 0, P. King the defaulter must gjSpellj have mistaken his or her god-appoiu- BHldMtmy, Such were the fundamental prin- SMfelu o! muadaue economy as shadowed forth Ban the presence and bearing of D. P. King, aBgh strange as it may seem in an age of eu- BsShlinment, of free thonght, and of Jack-is-os- MHcd-u-bis nuster spirit, he did command a Bfttun homage, from a certain class, wherever. MW vent— a homage which, though n doubt- HP honor, was still sufficient to sustain in his Bund the conviction of his own sovorcign HRitb. Ami why this homage ? Becauso he 8S58&I; rich. ffiEverylhing about tho man seemed to bear BBff atamp, "D.P.K," — everything, from his BK . 'ec'i which wandered wticro they without respect for suffering worms or HBsiciDg corns, to his hook nose, the extremity Hgjnhich pointed towards himself, and seemed gMg say, "Behold, this 'iB D. P. King I " Hffis fingers, too, were long and grasping, Bwresive of tho words, "Whero's tho MB" . us grasp it I " For, with- |8g ,8 s miser, Mr. King wns as moan ffiptaly a very big man could- be, nnd it was Br 's ''Ci possible for him to resist au oppor- HBay ol grabbiug inoucy as to induce a China- Mff"0 '®' when ho docs not wish to. Con- jfflfflH1 , h'nl from what standpoint we may, he HSM a strange man ; bat tho strangest phase of H»t araeter was that tho high and mighty g-esteem which supported his nullt sccundus Ma / had not a whit of solid foundation. H| ouod himself par excellence from every BS; 0 Vlew> without a singlo excellence to Hgrasneiut the judgment ; and his opinions or tjgpll were invariably based upon mistakes. WK, .—5', h Prided himself on liis financial HMm... -1. ? '"3 wca'"' business . tact, HBL t!c'les bad been thrust upon him by Hfth ? clrcs,Mccs ; ho steeped his soul Bit.— .""ebon that he was an honest man BBK'. , Pwd b's debts, whereas the law SBhm,,,,' punish defalcation ; ho regarded MBA- ? mim of priuciolo, because ho wns SEbVl 8 wron8 1 'but then ho had a KaLT?cnc,<!' ""% susceptible to self nraL what was wrong. He was a HBKJi- t " ""lnS man, whose continual BBfe .J. Pot 'ompcred by continual justice, B8&1 i— .,?bers of his family lived in pcrpc- Kwe him , f1' ,r 'bey never kucw how to 0vv ho wouId tak them. The HfpL it "P W08 s pbuntom troublo haunting W|boKtit»n ,rao,u stages of existence; an BSditioni w i.n D0 PMticuIar atmospheric l®cirtum«i i?ont' oil times, places HSlfflHils a rf«CCS'» ?' ntwithstanding that BRl hcre , fnd " outburst " havo been UPK never bo understood that Mr. K the le '1. ,d?. m violent fit3 of P"S- IBoilurenr»«8 0 soul partook rathor of RHntui — zilon' snowstorm than of tho thunder- Pitiless, prolonged. h,er tt V-"h -W South Wehb 8id0 of 81im II.. business of the party wns to B&tite; YchirlM ®u<\N?em5clYC3 in thoirres- ilsetorilv n»rfn i s t#sk having bcon gBli preluded a"06 0 .momentary silence Bm broken bv t? le!umPtlon of tho journey B&g; : "ytbo Stern, calm voico of Mr. BS't-'huley p» "Yes, father!" replied the youth, who wns seated on his horse a little apart from the rest, and who, on hearing tho paternal call, turned apprehensively around, for he recognised in tho tones of that voico unmistakable signs of a storm. However, he nood not havo feared, for tho displensnre which froze in Mr. King's bosom was destined at a later period to be vented 'on another person, " You ride on to the township of N ," continued Mr. King, "and tell the Inndlady of the Murray Hotel that I shall bestow uiy patronage on lior bouse for to-night. Ride on, sir, and waste no time, for I have no wish to undergo tho inconvenience of waiting for rooms when I arrive." Charley, thinking to make a good point, ventured to ask : " Shall I tell them to prepare the best rooms they have, father ?" " No sir ; do nothing of tho kind. When you tell Mrs. that I am about to lodge in her house yon will, no doubt, find that tho best accommodation of the place will be placed at oar disposal." Charley rode away, nnd carried ont his in structions to the letter ; and in realisation of his father's prognostication the mention of the name D. P. King to the proprietress of the Murray Hotel almost apoplexed that lady, such was her anxiety , to have the best rooms ar ranged in time for tho reception of lior august patron. " My gracious, Liza!" she spluttered, "fancy, only 15 miuutes' warning, and such a distin guished lodger 1 Do hurry up and get things as nice as you can. D. P. Ki— ."I can't get along no quicker unless I go for to bust things, nnd I nint goin' to do that for a fellar as mightn't only be a commercial or suinthin' of that sort. How do you know as he is distinguished, I'd just like to know ?" " Oh Lord, Liza 1 don't you turn on mc just when you gets mo in a state, with a splendid lodger comin' in 15 minutes, which is 10, as you've biu srgyin' awful. Commercial, in deed I who ever hcered of n D. P. commercial ? He's somebody. Now you mark my woids. Ho's a heydycoug 1 do believe." " My goodness 1" exclaimed Eliza, begin ning to catch the fever; "that's closo up a Goviner, ain't it?" This speculative dialoguo wns here cnt short by the sound of wheels, nud away dashed the hostess to do the necessary by her distinguished guest. When she reached the passage which led into the verandah she paused to smooth down her apron, and then, folding her hands in the approved style of hospitable matrons, she rehearsed the little speech which she kept for important occasions, and finally ' opened the door to find herself suddenly overwhelmed, and tremulous with confusion. Too much ubashod by tho vnguo and indescribable feeling of her own insignificance, which fell upon her like a shadow, to look up, she becamo instinctively awaro that she was in the presenco of a superior being, who looked down upon her with patronising dignity ; nnd, instead of her neat little speech, she gave voice to faltering and broken sentences. Her favorito curtesy, made perfect by years of practice, lost " all its sweeping grace, and degnoratcd into a most awkward bow ; and it was not until Mr. King, who was used to such dumbfoundcringsof the lesser beings, intimated a wish to be shown to his apartments that sho regained -her wits sufficiently to attend properly to the wants of the party. However, in course of time, each individual having found out his or her sleeping apart ment, and having made use of the same for ablutionary purposes, a rc-nuion was effected in the common sittingroom. Mr. King's manner wns still ominous, and it was probably by way of escape from the unpleasant scene thus foreshadowed that Airs. King and Laura very soon betook themselves to the verandah which faced the main street of N . D. P. King nud the professor were now alone, and it was not long before the hitherto unsuspecting German became awaro of the fact that ho was overshadowed by a cloud of the great man's displeasure. " Professor Clotz, your common sense has doubtless taught you that in admitting you iuto my family I conferred upon you n groat favor, nnd that when yon- accepted' that" favor you iucurred a great responsibility ?" Tho worthy Teuton wub thoroughly surprised by the sevcroly measured tones of this address, but he was absolutely in the dark ns to the purport of Mr. King's words. He lowered tho paper which ho had been striving to rend, faced his companion witli open-eyed astonishment, nnd, judging by tho hitter's chilly pause that it was his turn to speak, shot forth : " Meio gott 1 1 dink so neither I" <"My god,' sir, is not ..an expression suited to the cars of polito society. You are either woefully ignorant on matters of eti quette, or else you aro culpably vulgar. This, sir, brings mo back to the responsibility which yon have incurred, nnd " " Yah I Yaize ; sho was a fine words ass nofer wass 1 Yaizol Yuizel She wass- a goot words raizbonsibilidy, und so wo shall back come to iiim once moro again." . " Sir I" exclaimed Air. King, who in spito of assumed complacency grew slightly red iu the face: "sir! lam serious 1_ Do not uaro to trifle or to make yourself ridiculous in my prosence. i remarked before, Professor Clotz, that as . a member of my family you incur a serious responsibility, namely "Yaizol Hero she wass once more I Wot a words it — — " » Silence 6ir ; and permit me to proceed I namely, to conduct yourself in a becomiug manner, and to bear in nnnd that every action you perform, and every word you utter should be in accordance wilh a due appre ciation of tho dignity of my name. Asow, sir, your absurd conduct in connection with that rat, which you in your ignoranco mistook for a Professor Clotz had been listening intently, trvinc honestly to come at the drift of Mr. Kiuc s rolling discourse, ana nau oecomo : in a stato of hopeless fog ; but at tho montion of tho word "frog" his whole being leapt sud denly iuto life ; an abrupt comprehension seemed to burst upon him, and with wild en thusiasm lie broko in upon tho admonitions of his would-be lecturer. . " Yah, Yaize I dcr beautiful frrogs, und no body will gatch 'im 1 How ho shall hopb rnit her hint lox before 1 Und bow ho I bcat first jump mit his tail in dcr wadder und h'ssnoco in dcr air. Mo gott 1 Und wen be wass down gono owtd off sight in wadder, how sho shall kick-swim l It would havo hecn n lamentable » being so far abovo tho infirmities of ordinary frail humanity as Mr. King had descended to the plebeian weakness of showing' temper ; but it cost him a strong effort to curb liis wrath under tho provocation given by this last indecorous interruption of the Professor's. It was this effort, coupled with the flattering thought that his supremely intellectual stylo of dooling with a subject mnst of necessity bo beyond tho ken of lesser minds, which enabled him to preserve a calm exterior, He resolved, for the once, to step down from his exalted pedestal to the matter of fact level of ordinary sentient beings, and to put the matter in so plain a form that even the obtruse pcrceptious'of Pro fessor Clotz conld not mistake his inoauing. " You persist in misunderstanding mc, Ciolz, so 1 mnst speak very plainly. 1 don't like your ways ; they have a tendency to vulgarity ; and unless yon alter them you and I must part. There now, do you understand that? " " Yaize, yaize, I undcrston. We shall shake each of nz our hands nnd say good-bye, Well, dot wass goot ; bnt also you shall gif to me back dot nnrit pounds wot I pays you, and dot wass dwice ass bedder." Mr. King winced perceptibly at the men tion of the £100 which Professor Clotz avowed bis intention of recovering, and it was with a certain uncasiuess that ho replied : " 1 am glad yon fall in with my views for a separation, which separation, in deference to ray standing nnd fnmily, I consider it my duty to enforce. In rogard to the money, in return for which you were to enjoy the privilege of a term of association with myself and family, I can only say that £100 cannot ho viewed in the light of remuneration for tho social advan tages derived by you. Tho sum mentionod entered our arrangements' merely to satisfy your presumed delicacy, nnd it mnst therefore )0 understood that I received it simply as a matter of form." "Aleingolt! Uml sho shall call dorunrit ouns a madder of forms I Goot himmel 1' Jen as a madder of forms you shall it back gif to mc again. Heinl Yast ass I wass get into der fine gountrics wo shall haf a disloga- tion I" And the professor's momentary indigna tion broke down, and be shook his head des- pondingly as lie uttered tho finishing sentence of this speccii. Mr. King had not anticipated that Professor Clotz wonld nrako a determined stand for his money, from which money he himsolf had not tho remotest idea of parting. He had on more than one occasion previously practised success fully the "colonial experience trick," which performance consists in making the acquaint ance of a youthful " new chum" ot means ; offering to initiate him into tho mysterios of bush-life ; starting that new chum off to some "Never-never" among the dry ovens of the interior, where white men cither cat tha "dar ling pea" or stay not ; and of sticking to the premium like grim death, when tho victimised now chum comes back to call you a "menu, detestable, pernicious abomination, an exe crable rascal — ad — — d scamp in fact," and a string of right royal adjectives sufficiently emphatic to catch the oar of tho nearest police man, who marches him off, to appear next morning befor tho presiding magistrate a strong anil' forcible example of the debasing effects of aichohol. Now Professor Clotz was not exactly a "colonial experience man." He bad come to Australia as " fossicking" representative of a certain learned society in Gcrmauy, and, falling in with D. P. King, he hnd arranged, for tho consideration of- £100, to push his researches into the interior as bookkeeper on that gentle man's new station. No ; Mr. King did not anticipate a stern resistance on tho protcssor's part against his fraudulent scheme— a duty, impelled by a due consideration of his family, be called it — for depriving tho latter of botli the money paid, and tho advantages intended to be bought by that money ; but the German's manner more than his words convinced him that if ho rid himself of tlio man ho must also rid himself of the money, nnd he determined, ns tho safest course, to renew the compact, if possible on more ad vantageous terms than originally. " Professor Clotz, I havo not said that it was absolutely necessary for us to part ; tliero was a condition attached to my decree, and I now propose to attach another. I would havo been content to let the monetary part of our. transac tions stand, as originally, a raatter'of form, but sinco you persist in making tho wholo affair a business transaction, quoting the nominal sum exchanged as a bond of agreement, I must on my part insist on treating the affair iu a busi ness light, and shall deem it my daty to demand nn additional instalment of £100." It somehow dawned upon the mind of Clotz that Mr. King wns striving to levy black mail upon him to the extent of £100, and his honest Teutonic nature roso in arms against such treat ment. Ho burst forth iudiguautly — "Hcug der vcrdainder kcrl 1 Splnff-f-ff I what yon shall meant you— you— you King— fcltow ? Her shall gil to him dcr £100 dwice times, onco again ? " " Yes, that is what I propose. My condi- lions for a continuance of our relatious are circumspect conduct and the additional money. You had bettor tako time to ruminate over tho subject." ' ,, Tr. As ho stated this nltimotnm, Sir. King, who saw that present pressure would have a bad effect upon the German's decision, but who was very doubtful as to tho fate his proposal would meet iu any case, left tho room. Professor Clotz then sat down, and strove by dint of profound thought and tho aid of a pocket dictionary to grasp tho situation. After sorao minute's cogitation ho sighed heavily and soliloquized — " llein 1 Heiu 1 No sooner ass wo wnss recti der vino gountrics, mid her shall bo circumspect uud her shall rruminado, dot wnss, licr shall bo on all sides togothher watchful, nnd her shall chow der cud. Mein gott ; I shall not unucr- stou two singlo wordB wot lie will said, but sho shall loogs lyg dot he want der madder of forms over once moro again. I dinks she wnss a swindles, uml her Well, but it wass a vino gountrics neither." Chatter VI.— His Fierce F.vbs Flashing. In the mcantiiiio Airs. King aud her daughter remained upon tho ycrandnh, and whilst the two men chopped logic m tho parlor tho two ladies watched tho casual wayfarers, who trudged along tho streets nukle-deop in sand. Laura, with tho keen curiosity of youth, watched every passing person or object with ntcuso interest, but Mrs. Kiug-a small, mild lady, who deemed that her life's mission was fulfilled when her two children coascd to require her personal attontion, and who was uow con tent to pass tho remainder of her days in dis passionate submission to events— tool k but t o meagre hoed of a spiritlcsshypochomlriac. She was absent minded at all times, and ever ready to fall in witli the notions of chance associates — passively yielding to likes or dislikes, according to the inspirations of those immediately around her. As they stood there looking out on to tho street a decrepit figure, clad in the cast-off raiments of some towns person, shnmblod to the far end of tho verandah, aud squatted on tho bare boards. He was dusky-skinned, emaciated, and cringing liko n beaten cur — but why describe him ? We know too well the servile child cf vice, the loathsome outcast, who crawls with his burdcS of corruption through the streets of our inland townships. Laura King had never seen any Australian aborigines, and sho was loaging to sec one with a zest born of romantic fancies, wherein the dusky savage hnd been pictured in nil the wild pride of his unconqucred spirit. It was some moments before she could realise that the miserable, abject creaturo before her belonged to the human race. "Ohl Ala-ma, there's a black-fellow 1 Do look 1" " Dear mo Laura ; so it is 1 How nice 1" "Nice? indeed 1 think be is horrible." " So ha is my dear ; now tbatltbink of it, ho is quite horrible." " That's Qnantong mem !" piped Eliza, who happened to be passing, and who thought sho had chanced upon a good opportunity for in specting that " D.P. mau s" wife aud daughter : "He is one of tho Womra blacks, as lives aside of Lake Boal down tho river closo on eight mile from 'ere. Old Quantong never goes down to the camp though : he keops a'hanging round the pubs." At the mention of his name, tho hlackfellow looked up at the party, and seeing that he was the subject of conversation came shambling up to Airs. King, 'cringing aud fawning like a dog, and twisting' his rcpulsivo features into a hideous leer intended for a smile. " Poor, poor Quantong I" said Airs. King looking at him with pitiful eyes, and Qaan- tong's cunning told him that the lady was "jackaroo" (green), and that lie had sprang a mine of sympathy, which commodity he re solved immediately to turn into beer. "Yes missy, poor, poor fellow Quantong I Bah-h-h poor beggar me ; mine wantit money, bah-h-h 1 " Aly goodness 1 exclaimed the lady ; " I'm sure he must be very bad ; I never saw a man cry like that before. Here poor fellow, here are two pennies for you ; go and buy something to eat." " Biackfellow-money bale good ; mine wantit whitefellow money ; bale budgery this one 1" " He says, black money no good. He wants silver," explained Eliza, and Mrs. King gave him a sixpence, whereat Quantong's spirit seemed much revived, and he hobbled straight to the hotel bar, and swallowed as much beer as the eight-pence would buy, Scarcely had Quantong left the scene, when another aboriginal made his appearance. He wore no clothing but a blanket which liung elantwiso from his left shoulder across his chest, and down to his knees. Unlike that of his " broder belongin to mine" Quantong, his skin though black was sleek and henlthy. His greyish hair hung about a haughty throat, and tipped liis square shoulders, whilst all his stature was a graceful tower of strength. His limbs, though not large, were such as artists love to look upon — neatly and tautly jointed, with knots of splendid muscles taper ing to the knees and ankles. In one Laud ho hold a small parcel, in the other n ponderous spear ; and, as he passed along the saudy roadway with graceful steps, his bearing was proud and princely ; whilst at every stride his keen eyes flashed from earth to sky with electric 6peed. Ho never trod bnt whoro bis eyes bad glanced, as though the earth were be set with serpents whereon ho feared to step ; and yet, within the range of his keen vision nothing moved — living or inanimate — that escaped the arrows of bis eaglo glance. So un quenchable was tho force of habit, that, as in days past, this stalwart warrior stalked his forest haunts, so now he wandered through the haunts of civilisation. Ever watchful, ever wary, never fearful, but dauntlessly alert, he passed along the Queen's highway. A great delight kindled in Laura's soul, and all tho romance of. her nature leapt into lifo ns she gazed upon this comply warrior. Hero wns a scion of tha waning race who matched more fitly tho ideal of her girlish fancy. In all her dreams of savage chivalry, she hnd garbed her warriors in a halo of heroism, bnt tho wildest flight of her bold fancy never pictured in the far-off cloud land, such a bravo as this. In that moment of extravagant enthusiasm, Laura could havo worshipped the new found hero (or his savage dignity. As he passed along, his fierce eyes flashing, his grim, stern face unmoral, Mrs. King held forth a coin. Just for an instant the warribr paused ; he took tho coin, spat upon it, and cast it at the donor's foet ; then, casting npon her a fiery glaneo of scorn he went on liis way Such was tho ferocity of that glnncc, that Mrs. King sprang back uttering a low scream of terror, and oven Laura trembled for an instant as she gazed upon her hero. Lor. missus, you didn't oughtcr done that. That's Yiiroka, the old King of the Womra tribo, and ho never takes uothin' from nobody. Jimiiiy I He's a nwlul touchy chap, I tell yer." Laura may havo foared her hero more, bnt she liked him none the less for his part of this little episode, aud, as he left tho scene, admi ration drowned the momentary terror— au admi ration uualloyed by aiiy presentiment of future evils. One, and perhaps tho most commonly ac cepted meaning of this word presentiment is " a forecasting of evil, or nn apprehensive foro- shadowiug on tho mind of coming evil," nnd considered in this light tho word becomes of doubtful entity ; that is, as . far as this, applied signification goes, the word is' probably without existenco. Liko tlia ..word ghost it is lormeti oi letters, bnt, excopt to those who believo in spook and spectro, it is used to express a some thing which is nothing. If the hnman mind is susceptiblo to premonitory warnings and possesses tho faculty of predicting the disasters of futurity, why do men run into danger? If this faculty exist at all, it must exist as a real and natural attribute of man, for it is hardly probablo that tho Almighty, who is "no respecter of persons," would suspend tho laws of naturo for tho benofit of any particular human being at any particular time. Many so called r'emarkabto instances are quoted in favor of iho presentiment theory, but healthy judg ments are bound tocall thorn— not presentiments —but coincidences j and when we consider the vast number of human minds daily traversing the same sphere with incompntably numerous outward 'incidences, we cannot wonder that mind and matter should sometimes meet under peculiar circumstances, nnd we cease to regard these contacts as remarkable except for their seldom occurence. Whatever the future might bold in store for Laura King, at sweet seventeen sho was by no means likely to become the subject of presenti ments. Those only who are perpetually addicted to nervous apprehensions, nro liable, by reason of continuous and multifarious forebodings, to chance occasionally upon somo npparont fore casting of the future. The healthy vigor of her young mind refused admission to these morbid fancies, which harrow up tho sonls of weaker vessels ; and as she gazed at the stately savage, her thoughts dwelt on tho delightful imagery of tho past rathor than on the grim pictures of the perils lurking amidst tho heatbeD haunted solitudes. Yuroka's lithe form hovered in the distance, now in full view, now looming amongst tho shadows ; and when at last he passed beyond her vision, Laura felt no sentiments but those of sympathy nnd admiration — that admiration which stern heroism over commands ; that sympathy which, born of heraldic romance, ever attaches to tho last true scion of a long ancestry, the one truo relict of a dying race, the lone omega of a long established people. Sympathy and admiration I How truly dark tho future is I If by tho aid of horoscopy or some magic art, Laura could havo rend tho record of a few short months ; could she havo traced, sido by side, the destinies of herself and yonder warrior, and have seen how thoso des tinies would meet and clash, and joust each other, how different would her feelings have teen. Sympathy and admiration ! Could sho have forefelt tho agony of a later time, when the light of her life seemed suddenly quenched in a dark cloud of anguish ; when he, Yuroka, tho noble, stately, tribcless sheik of the wilderness, with fiendish laugh, and evil eye, would fill her being with suffocating terror ; when in tho agony of her spirit her very soul seemed to strugglo for its frocdoin from earthly tribula tion, how she would have shuddered and shrank at the sight of him. But what is this? How shall one write "noble" of a man whose deeds of cruelty oclipsc the feats of fiends ? How, but as, whon wounded soro and brought to bay, tho lion wreaks his awful vengeance, men write him " noble brute." Liko the lion, tho sav age acts according to his instincts. He knows no laws of God or man beyond the traditionary- rulings of bis race. If then, bis acts outrago our higher laws, shall wo mete out to him the punishment thoso laws demand, or shall we extend the firm but palliating band of charity, with Christian love exclaiming honi soil qui mat y pense. Surely it is a belief prompted by reason, and not offensive to God, that according to our opportunities in this world wo shall bo judged in tho hereafter ; that the be nighted heathen, who gropes in utter darkness through bis earthly career, will not bo judged by the same standard as tho gospel taught childron of civilisation ; yet, culturo lays her iron hand upon tho un taught tribes, forcibly subjects them to laws they do not understand, and, after provok ing them to crime, brings tbem to tbc tribunal where black and white men share alike. That is a bar of doubtful justice where ignorance is no pica, for not by men's actions alone can the . magnitudo of their guilt be gauged ; there are other considerations involved in surrounding, circumstances. There is no legislation in juris- ' diction, which can with justice bo applied alike ' to barbarism and to civilisation,, and whenever a law is so applied an act of aggression is com mitted. Havo wo Australian Britons been hasty, or h".vo we shown a want of caro in our dealing with tho children of our foicsts ? Well, thero ore not wanting men of keen and practical judgment, wlio will tell us that wo have ; and this is what Air. A. W. Howitt says in opening his romarks upon the Kurnai : " It may be broadly stated tbat tbo advance of settlement has; upon the frontier at least, been marked by - a line of blood." There may be a question -as to whether or not that "lido of blood" has left a stain upon the bright escutcheon of the progressive nation : but you and 1, reader, having other work to do, cannot stay to torture tbat question. Wo will hurry on and leave tho argument and its issue to well, it- does not seem to bo any particular person's busi ness. 