."FOOTLIGHT FLASHES. SYDNEY.--In the.. Opera House Mies Minnie Palmer, after a few pleasant weeks of "Pert and her Stepmother," has reverted to her old character of " My Sweetheart/' in which to soother . again, is to renew J a very agreeable . experience.; ;-The opportunity . of doing scfrhas evidently been a very welcome one to bet numerous admirers here. ' .The' spectacle nightly presented in front of , tb o curtain is conclusive proof of, that; The winning vivacity .'of her , performance is not in deed to be disputed, nor the graceful charm whioh distinguishes it as# well. Wot to speak of her other recommendations, the songs and dances of " My Sweetheart*' should be a suf ficient passport to the hearts of any audience-at least, " any audience not : largely com posed : of the deaf and blind .T-V Little Jack Sheppard'.' ;in the, Theatre Royal still "rules the hour," and seemingly with no decrease of the popularity which it so quickly won--The many friends'of George Darrell will be glad to hear that the complimentary benefit to him, which took place in tho Royal on Saturday laßt, was a grand success. The house was crowded in all parts. The receipts amounted to, over ¿6300 ; and the subscriptions forwarded on the same occasion reached not less than a third of that sum. Besides the satisfaction of thus testifying its appreciation of Mr. Darrell, the audience deci dedly had value, and variety too, for its money. The diversified character of the programme sub mitted was, perhaps, . slightly suggestive of Polonius's celebrated list of " tragedy, comedy, &c.;" At any rate, there was, to.begin with, Mr. Dampier in the first act of " Macbeth." Then there was Mr. Fred. Garner,;the "human phake," in a remarkable series of;contortions. Miss Alice Woolridge next contributed a ' song j and the Cogill brothers followed in their amusing sketch, entitled "Points." Miss Carrie Swain was seen in the fourth act of " The Miner's Daughter," and brought down the house by her singing of the waltz song "Beauty Sleep." Miss Minnie Palmer and Mr. Roberts played a delightful little one-act comedy, in which some very pretty songs were introduced. The. whole wound* up with Eelections from "Little Jack Sheppard, combined- with som© others. Mr. Locke Richardson was to have given a recitation, but was' prevented by, a. sore throat. That gentleman's ; sympathy with his brother «rtiBt was, nevertheless, displayed in a I Very pennine' way, for he sent a subscription oi f5."7T-Mies'Carrie Swain's season in the Criterion is to be brought to a close this week. Her suc cessor in that theatre is to be Mr. John Gourlay, who is to open this ' (Satur day) evening in the farcical comedy of '.'Skippedby the Light of the Moon,"--In the Standard Mr. Dampier haa produced an original drama; entitled " The Streets, or Wicked Lon don," in which prominent parts are filled by Mr. H. Sidney and j Mia's ; Alice Norton. --.' The Queen's English Opera Company, in tho Academy of Musici has been heard in " The Bohemian Girl," with Mr. E. Farley as the Count, Mr. Knight Aston a3 Thaddeus, and Miss A. Brandon as Arline. This being Jubilee season, the name alone; of thecompany should be a strong point in its favor. But the company bas really very fair ?claims on the support of the public ; and of course Mr. Farley's own name would be an attraction in íány operatic bill.--The Cogill Brothers'Minstrel and Burlesque Company continues to enjoy a large measure of the public favor in the Gaiety Theatre.-r-On Monday afternoon Mr. Locke Richardson, in the hall of,:the Y.M.C.A., recited Tennyson's */ Ode ^o'íthe* Queen" and Dickens's " Christmas Carol," to a select and appreciative audience. '. ' MELBOURNE.-In the Opera Hou3e, tue aram of "The Two Orphans" has been revived with strong cast. Mr. George Rignold plays Jacques Mr. Boucicault, Pierre; Miss Trevelyan, fíen riette ; and Miss ' Boucicault, Louise.-" Th World" is drawing large audiences tb the Theatr Royal. Some particularly good stage mechanise is employed in the-scene of the blowing up of th ship.--" Wanda," after a successful run inthi Bijou, has given place to "The Corsicai Bröthers/' with Signor Majeroni as Fabien an< Louis.--In the Princess's, " Betsy " has beei revived, with Mr. Alfred' Maltby in his origma character of the tutor.---Mies Amy Sherwii gave her first " Jubilee Concert" in the Towi Hallon Saturday evening last, ADELAIDE.-Mr. Wybert'Reeve began a seasoi in \the Theatre Royal' on Saturday; June 18th with the farcical comedy of "Only Dust." Among the shows in the South Australian capita] are St. Leon's Circus and the Japanese Village. BRISBANE.-Simonseh's Italian Opera Com pany has had a tolerably successful season. Else where in Queensland W. J. Holloway's company and that of Harry St. Maur have been favorably heard of. The latter was recently in Charters TowerB, and the former in Maryborough. STAGE WHISPERS.-Miss Mary Anderson was fortunate enough to secure the artistic counsel of Alma Tadema, R.A., in arranging the last act of " A Winter's Tale," recently produced by her in. Nottingham. The'ëtatue of Hermione was one of the most picturesque and perfect things ever seen on the stage.--Sir Charles Young, author of " Jim the Penman," is working at a new play.-Adolina Patti has adopted a niece of hers. The young lady is " sweet sixteen." She is of medium height, rather stout, with black hair, black laughing eyes, and lashes which curt just as Patti's do.-in 1869 W. S. Gilbert wrote his first comedy," An Old Score," which he sent to John Hollingshead. This piece was read within an hour of being placed in Mr. Hollingshead's hands. But mark the " why and wherefore." Mr. Gil bert, being a wise man, sent the play in print, a hint young authors would do well to take.-An interesting little book on the stage, written by Dr. Osgood Mason, " From the After-dinner Talk of Thomas Goodwin,'' has recently been published by Putnar.'s Sons, of New York and London. It oontains many* interesting musical and dramatic reminiscences. Amongst the rest are accounts of Edwin Forest and Macready, and of ., r the Astor-place riots ; of Fanny Kemble and her father, Charles Kemble ; of Miss O'Neill and Miss Foote ; of Malibran and Braham, and of Charlotte Cushman, " Yankee " Hill, Hackett, the Seguins, Chanfrau, and " Jim Crow " Rice.-Madame Jananschek recently played Meg Merrilies, for the first time in New York. It was considered a striking and picturesque performance, but by no means equal to that of the late Charlotte Cushman. -A short time ago it was reported that Ellen Terry intended to introduce her daughter Edith on the Stage. Whateverjtruth their might have been in the rumor, the idea has now been abandoned ; and the yoting lady will instead be entered at Girton.-Society ladies are "going on the stage." Look out now for royal princes at the music- halls. Alexander, ¡ sou of tho Duke of Teck, evidently has a leaning that way. Recently he assisted at a concert at Twickenham, and obliged with " The Speaker's Eye."-The New York papers had very sarcas tic critiques on a play in which Dion Boucicault recently appeared in the Star Theatre in that ci tv. Fin Mac Cool of Skibbereen in tho title of it. A New York contemporary says that Miss For tescue'8 engagement in America has not been such a financial success äs her engagement with Lord Garmoyle was.--:After impersonating Lieutenant Kingsley in " Harbor Lights, at tho Adelphi, with' emphatic success no fewer than 400 times, W. Terriss haB retired to assure himself of his own identity, and to enjoy ; a brief holiday. --A new play, with an psteological title, ip, ehortly to be produced in London. It is an adptation of a faroical comedy, by Von MoBer, and itis to be called " The Skeleton."--" Uncle's Ghost," another forthcoming London proditction, is announced as a psychological farce.--The latest trick learnt hythe American dude is tbe use of diminutive bouquets as missiles. A party of assinine dudes recently sat in a box in the Grand Opera House, New York, and deliberately threw diminutive bouquets into the faces of some of the girls on the stage. " ; . 