CHURCH OF ENGLAND CONFER- ENCE. Monday, October 31. RELIGIOUS EDUCATION IN STATE SCHOOLS. The Rev. D. RUDDOCK read the following paper " The question we have to consider -broadly stated—is whether in a christian country the children attending the State schools are to be taught as heathens or chris- tians. At present in the colony no religious instruction whatever, is allowed to be given by the teachers in the schools. Let us frankly own that divisions among Christians have brought about the present unhappy state of affairs, and the state is in despair of being able to satisfy all the demands of various christian bodies, and has forbidden any religious instruction whatever to be given in the schools. It is clear that before we can expect the Government of the country to change the present law—the different Chris- tian communities must come to some definite agreement among themselves as to what change they desire. Are Christians so divided on the great fundamental articles of the Christian Faith as to render such an agree- ment impossible ? Surely not. We are all agreed in the belief in a living God, the Creator of the Universe, and father of man, in God the Son, who became incarnate, and whose life and teaching are recorded in the foiir Gospels, and which are accepted by the whole of Christendom ; and in God the Holy Ghost, the giver of all spiritual life. And when division does exist among Chris- tians — it turns, not so much upon the acceptance as upon the interpretation of the third division of the Apostles Creed. The great Wesleyan body repeat, as would be expected, the same creed as ourselves. The Congregationalists are, I believe, at one with us in the three great fundamental articles of the faith of which I have before spoken. And if we turn to the Presbyterian Confession of Faith we find under the first article the statement under the name of Holy Scripture, or the word of God written are now contained in all the books of the old and new testament, all of which are given by inspiration of God, to be the rule of faith and life. In their "principles of religion," we find, (a) we be- lieve in God to be essentially wise, holy, just, and good, eternal, infinite and immutable in all natural and moral perfection ; the Creator, supporter, and governor of all beings and of all things. (b). We believe that God is re- vealed in the Scripture as the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, aud to each are attributable the same divine properties and perfections. If we turn to the Baptist Con- fession of faith we find stated, the Holy Scripture is the only sufficient, certain, and infallible rule of all saving knowledge, faith, and obedience. And again, in the Divine and Infinite being, there are three subsistences which doctrine of the Trinity is the founda- tion of our Communion with God and com- fortable dependence on Him. Our Roman Catholic brethren, together with the Wes leylans, Presbyterians, and Congregationalists acknowledge that the birth is the Word of God, and believe in the three Divine Persons in God. Cannot, then the chief pastors of these various Christian bodies, and the chief pastor of our Church, the Bishop of the Diocese, confer together, and agree to some lesson book of Christian teaching to be used in the State schools. What Government of the colony could pos- sibly refuse thc request of the representation of such powerful sections of the community. I venture to think that all the Christian bodies—except, perhaps, our Roman Catholic brethren—would cordially consent to the in- troduction in the State schools of the Scrip- ture lessons of the Irish Board of Education. This would, of course, necessitate the re- ligious instruction being given by the teachers of the various schools, and I maintain that at the present time this is the only way by which the children throughout the whole colony can be taught much about the Chris- tian religion ; for although in the towns there are Sunday schools in which, to a certain degree, the children are taught under the influence of Christian teaching. Yet in the bush and widely scattered districts there are but few opportunities of giving religious instruction to the young, even on Sundays. It is true that the State allows the clergy to have the use of the school-room after school hours for the purpose of giving religious in- struction to the young. But of what prac- tical value is this ? In the bush districts it is an utter impossibility for the clergy to avail themselves of tho permission ; and in this town, at least at present, it is of little value ; for in the town of Rockhampton and district there are no less than seven State schools, at which there is an attendance of some 2000 children, one-third of whom are, I think, children ot members of the Church of Eng- land. How is it possible for one clergyman to give religious instruction at seven schools, and to some 600 children. If the religious teaching is to be of any real benefit to the the children, it must be given in classes. In our Sunday schools we aim at giving to each teacher not more than ten or twelve children, and if we mean to pot together io one clase, children of very different ages, we should find ocr .Sunday School empty. Boys of fourteen would not consent to be taught with lads of seven or infants of five. Tho clergy could not, after school hours, give instruction to classess of In the State schools of Rockhampton, the teaching staff numbers, I think, seventy, and the classes to be taught number eighty. The 'absurdity of supposing that one clergyman of the Church of England can impart systematic religious instruction to the church children is, I think, apparent. What I would earnestly advocate is that the State should adopt the seventh section of the Public In- struction Act of New South Wales, which reade thus :-In all sohools under the act the teaching shall be non-sectarian, but the words 'secular instruction shall be held to include general religious teaching as dis- tinguished from dogmatical or polemical theology. Appendix C of the Act explains that for the general religious teaching, the scripture lessons of the Irish Board of Edu- cation are authorised. This should also, I think, be added, a ' conscience clause for the teachers, and a conscience clause for the .parents of the children.' The parents should have power to prohibit their children attend- ing the religious instruction at the schools, and no teacher whose name is on the books at the time of the passing of the amendment to the Act, should be compelled against his conscience to teach what he does not believe to be true. After the passing of the amended Act, the State would of course refuse to accept a man as a teacher who would not undertake the instruction ot the children in all the Bubjects required by law. In New South Wales, the religious instruction is given by the teachers, the clergy are allowed to give instructions to the children during school hours. I should like to see this, too, considered by the State of Queens- land, so that in the large towns where there are more clergy, the children of the Church of England may be taught definite church teaching, in addition to that given by the State teachers. There is, I think, a wide- spread feeling not only amongst members of the Church of England, but also our fellow christian Nonconformist brethern, that the change in the present system of purely secular education is needed. I believe that the majority of the people would gladly welcome a change, for Christians cannot but be sorry at heart when they remember that at present the knowledge of God and His revealed word—which they all accept- and which transcends in importance all that can be stored in the minds of our children, should be ignored in a system of education intended for the whole people, and for which every taxpayer has to share the burden. He would like to say a few words, before he concluded, on the subject of religious educa- tion in the grammar schools, for the children of the monied classes stood as much in need of it as those attending the public schools. There were not many public schools in the colony, and it might be possible, if permis- sion could be obtained from the Government, for Brisbane at least to arrange for lectures to the upper classes on church history, christian evidence, and the like. As to the future, it should be the aim of the church to have her own grammar schools. Many people would gladly bring their children up under the direction of the churoh, and on a dis- tinctly religious basis, and for that reason, he felt sure that if public schools were started in this colony, similar to thoBe formed in the old country, they would he self-supporting, and have a lasting influence for good on this great colony of Queensland, (Applause,) The Rev. HERBERT HEATH said the ques- tion on which they had heard such very able papers read, was one that must be near the hearts of all, whether they were parents or guardians. He would like, therefore, to dwell on it for a few minutes, not iu the abstract, but as to what had already been done and proved. He would first go upon the principle which, unfortunately, he knew to be too true-that the majority of parents did not train their children at home. He meant there was no systematic home training in religion, no bringing up of the little ones in the truths of the Gospel, no giving to them thc words of thc Holy Scriptures in their youth. He did cot say there were no such families ; but he did Bay that, from bi6 own experience, there were many where teaching line upon line, precept upon precept, was not in vogue at all. On the contrary, he knew many estimable families where the children were got ready in proper time and started off to Sunday school every week, and the parental burden laid upon the Sunday school. An old friend of bis in Sydney (Canon O'Reilly), once said to him " We have made a mis- take. We should have no Sunday schools at all. lt is only offering a premium to parents to Bliift their responsibilities on to ÜB." He (Mr. Heath) asked what he would do, and Canon O'Reilly's reply IVUB " Collect the parents and train them first ; then let them train their little ones." When he was living in Sydney some years ago, there was a great outcry in the public PresB about the laxity of the clergy in not giving in- struction in the public schools when the Education Act permitted them to do so. In fact, the papers waxed virtuously indignant on the responsibility that rested on the ministers of the Protestant churches end others, and pointed out that, on the contrary, the Roman Catholic clergy strained every nerve to have schools of their own, so as to teach the children in their own faith. The consequence of the outcry was, that there was a great meeting of clergy, and it was agreed that scriptural lessons Bhould be given in every State school on each of the five school days. They began them at once, beginning the lessons every morning at nine o'clock, and leaving off at a quarter to ten. In order that there should be no clashing with the Becular education, and to induce the teaohers to work harmoniously with them, they always limited themselves to three quarters of an hour, a class change being made at the end of that time. With the rest, he had had two schools allotted to him-the Pitt-street School, with 1400 scholars ; and thc Sussex-street ¡School, with 800, and gave four lessons a week-two iu each school, ono being for boys and one for girls. The same system was followed by the other clergy, and all the schools in sud around Sydney and its suburbs were worked in this way. Possibly they might imagine that the attendance was not good ; on the contrary, it waB something marvellous. Sussex-street was not a very orderly part of the city, as anyono acquainted with Sydney would know, and the children were of a very l>w standard. When he went to the school there to hold his first class, the master asked him if he would like a monitor to keep order, and he replied "No. If I can't keep order, I can't teach either. I must have perfect order, because 1 shall not begin until I have." He had ninety boys in one class, and the same number of girls in the other, and perfect order prevailed all the time ; no one spoke a word. Well, be taught them the Lord's Prayer, a collect or two, and read portions of the Old or Kew Testament taking those parts which contained a moral lesson or was easy of application, and at each lesson questioned the children about what they bad learnt before. It was wonderful how they retained in their minds what he had taught them, and how pleased they were with the classes. This had gone on, he belioved, for six months when he was astounded one morniDg to learn that an order had been issued, saying that only the Church of Eng- land children were to be taught by clergy of that denomination, and that ministers of the English Church were only to be admitted day and day about with thoBe belonging to other persuasions. This was rather a bar, hcthougbt, but thc head masters of the schools directed their teachers and the head scholars to write to the parente of every child on the subject, and all they had to do was to write " yes " or " no," and send them back ; "yes " signified that they were willing to have their children religiously instructed by the clergy of the Church of England, and "no" the reverse. What was the consequence of this ? Not one child was kept away ; in fact, such curiosity was aroused that many others were sent to attend the classes. This went on for a year, and at thc end of that time croakers said it would so affect the head masters' tabulated statement of secular work that the authorities would not tolerate it. He did not know whit the report regarding the Pitt-street School was, but he believed it was equally as satisfactory aud gratifying as that of Sussex-street. Âs to the latter, the master repo ted, that"since the system of scriptural education had been in vogue, the punish- ment had fallen away seventeen per cent. In the playground he had heard no bad language used, and the secular standard had gone up seven per cent. This was very gratifying, and should prove tbatinstead of the three-quarters of an hour out of the five being so much loBt time, it had tended to the ad- vancement of the children in their other work. So far from what had been reported being the case, it was shown that by thc religious teaching the pupils had gone up in percentage in the standard of efficiency in every branch of education, of punishment, and moral conduct. These facts showed what had been done, and what could be done again ; and he thought that it they could go to the authorities with statistics of that sort they would get a similar privilege to that accorded in New South Wales. In Queensland at pre- sent they were not allowed to take any time out of the hours set apart for secular educa- tion. Where he was living now he was trying to start a clasB, to begin at a quarter to nine, and finish at a quarter, past ; and had also got the con- sent of the head teacher, und obtained from him an outline of the form of application, and other documents necessary to bc sent to the Minister for Education, asking for the per- mission. What had been commenced in Sydney waB still going on, and they had been able to do BO much there, why should ihey not try to do something here. It was hard that the whole responsibility should be laid on thc backs of thc clergy, hut it was their duty to try and get leave to give plain Scriptural teaching in the schools. That accomplished, a wonderful good would be done for the colony. He would put one question to them -What would become of their young people in a generation or two, if they were debarred from religious instruction, except what i hey obtained in the Sunday Schools? Why tbe teaching they got ou a Sunday was aa a drop in thc ocean, RS compared with the effect of th'j Becular education they received during the week, whereas they should be saturated witli the truths of religion. It might be said that the religious education im- parted to a child wa?, like a seed, blown away, and took no root ; but if they forgot what they learned in their childhood it would come back to them again when they were older, and with a new sense. If they could only get into the schools during school hours, and saturate the children with the truths of thc Gospel, much good would result ; but if they went on as at preBent, God's Word would be a book totally unknown to the majority of children two generations hence, because there was, unfortunately, a great lack of religions training in their homes. (Applause.) Mr. HENRY MILLS said it would be recol- lected that on the occasion of the first visit of Bia Lordship to Rockhampton the members of the church had presented him with an address, in which prominent reference was made to the question now under discnistoh. They found then that they had struck a cord of sympathy in His Lordship's, heart, and that he was heartily in unison with those who thought religious instruction should be given iu the State schools. He spent nearly an. hour in giving them bis views, and it was a striking fact that much -that hs had said had been repeated this evening, though in different words. It was a pleasure to find they had euch an able advocate of the cause as Dr. Webber, and he trusted their labour would bear fruit. There would Boon be a general election in the colony, and it had been said that religious eduaatian in the schools should be au election cry. But he believed the question was now taking such a hold on public opiuion, and parents thought so strongly on it that there would be no occasion to make lt a cry. Thc candidates who repre- sented them in Parliament would come pre- pared, not reluctantly, but voluntarily and cf their own accord, to advocate such a measure. He thought they might predict for Rock- hampton that, with two such able men as they had in Parliament at present, and hoped to have in future (Messrs. john Ferguson and William Pattison), it would support the teaching of the Bible iu State Bchools. (Ap- plause.) In fact, it should be made a test question at the forthcoming elections whether a candidate would support Buch a proposition or not, and on his reply should depend whether they voted for him or not. He was pleased to see such a representative gathering of the Church of England, aud to be able to thank Dr. Webber for the able manner he bad put the matter before them on a former occasion. (Applause.) Mr. G. B. SHAW delivered a lengthy ad- dress, in the course of which he said, he was very pleased to bc present this evening to say a few words on this important question, and to see such a numerous gathering, because it showed the amount of interest taken in the Bubject under discussion. He trusted the gentlemen present would take to heart the words that had been uttered, because if they did not, it would be fair to anticipate that they did not agree with them ; but he for one could hardly imagine euch to be the case. The ring of the papers read by Mr. Potts and Mr. Ruddock, bore at once the guinea stamp ; and if the ladies and gentle- men who had heard them, and those who would read them in the papers, would give the important points raised therein their con- sideration, it would not be long for this question to be solved in the way they desired. They must bear in mind that the movement just initiated was a great one, and that they wished lt to be taken up, not only in this schoolroom, but throughout the length and breadth of Queens- land. If it was carried on in the same way as it had been started, there could be no doubt that, ere long, religious education would be fivea ia the public schools. (Applause.) lie reign of their beloved Queen bad been one of unexampled prosperity, and one of the most important events of that time had been the magnificent number of Bibles distributed throughout the world, which showed there was a desire for the spread of the word of God. But he would like to point out that it was no use distributing the Holy Scriptures un- less there was some practical application of their contents. He was afraid that in too many instances, the Bible » as looked upon as one of those valuable pieces of bric-a-brac, and placed upon the drawing-room table, not to be touched by the children, but kept as some- thing very valuable and not to be haudlcd. lt should be taken down from that place and put in the hands of the children ; and the lessons it contained should be taught to them. But there was no better place to teach the young than in the schools, if the ground- work of their education was not to be the truths taught by the Bible, then the sooner they put the Holy Word on one Bide, SB something they did not want, the better. Ii they wished-and he believed all Christian men and women did wish-their children should grow -up to be creditable, members of society, that they Bhould not he larrikins, but should live good and moral lives, and in the future shine in some sphere or other, then there was no better treatment for them than to teach them the Word of God. He hoped they would not think he advocated any dogmatic teaching in the school ; all he wanted was that the Bimple truths of the Bible should be taught, and made the ground- work of their education. UnleBS that were done, no good work could be accomplished. He had not come prepared to make an ad- dress, but could not help saying a word or two. If they wished to make this colony great, they must give the children a moral training. Within the last year or two, they had been shocked at the painful scenes that had occured throughout the colonies, through what he assumed to be the larrikin element, and if they wished to Sat] that element down, they must have the ¡ble or some system of religious teaching in the State schools. He hoped one and all would use their influence in the matter, and that they would, as Mr. Mills had foretold, have the support of their two members who were Nonconformists, for they would then, as the Church of England, have two elements in furtherance of their cause. When this ques tion waB raised some years ago he remem- bered that one of the most able writers of the day in the town used his powerful influence to pen an outcry against the use of the Bible in State schools. He hoped that that gentle- man would see the error of his wAy. and that public opinion was in favour of that great boon being given to their ohiidren in future. (Applause.) The VENERABLE ARCHDEACON DAWES said he was thankful to find so many present be- cause, of all the subjects that had been dis- cussed at the Conference, this was perhaps, the most important. It came down right to the root of the whole matter. In the face of such a question as the division of the 8ee and increased episcopal supervision, they could hardly look the whole church future in the face, without seeing that the question of religious education was the most important. The whole question of their christianity rested on this. It must do so becsuse, if they did not teach their children christianity when they were young, it was hardly likely they would be taught it in after years, or 1 taught ft os it should be taught, viz., ingrained into their very breast. A farmer was once asked how it was he had such fine sheep, and his common-sense reply was 11 I don't know. I suppose because I carefully look after the lambs." So it was with christianity. They would never have tine, stalwart,'robust Christians in this colony until they looked after their children and taught them the fear of God and the fear of Christ. Why it was simply obedience to one of the plainest commands of their Master that they were to feed His Iambi, and suffer the little ones to come unto Him. Then, for them to send their little ones to the State schools, which they supported with their own money, au«! not to have the Bible taught, was arrant cowardice. (Applause.) But they told him that Christian people were se divided, and in euch a chaos of divisions aud diversities of opinion, that the State, in dismay, had pro- hibited the teaching of the Bible in the State schools. Be did not believe that, for a i-ingle moment ; it was merely trying to get rid of thc difficulty. It «as not putting the matter fairly at all. Äs had been already remarked tbÍB evening, a very large portion of their christian faith had been conveyed to them to remit, Catholic and Protestant alike, to their children ; and it was strange if, together \- forming, aa they did, the vast majority ot people in the colony - they could not have taught in their State schools at least so much as would afford a ground- work upon which, by Sunday school and home teaching, they could implant in the minds of their children the faith they had learnt to love. (Applause.) They might tell him "Oh, we do not teach the Jbible to our children ; we do not want it to be taught in our State schools, We leave it to the Sunday schools. Do it there, and do it as you will." Those who said this must know full well that the religious instruction could not be imparted in the Sunday schools. It was simply impos- sible to teach religion as it should be taught inj one short hour io the «reek, sad nader con- dition» that rendered- it!tbs meet difficult tusk in the world to leave impressions on the minds of the children. ~ Why', when they thought of the shortness of this time, and the difficulties attaching to the Sunday schools, and compared them with, tbevceñdition of things obtaining in the old country-where they had their classes gathered round them oh a Sunday morning and afternoon, and began to teach upon some foundation-they would see' bow impossible it was to religiously instruct tue children in the Sunday, schools in one short hour in the week. In London-the most difficult city in the world' fdr diversity of opinion, he believed-it was not impossible to teach the Bible in every State school. At any rate, they knew when Sunday came, although they might have no parish school or church school of thsir own, that the children had some knowledge of God's Word. They had gone through the drudgery, and having a groundwork, the teachers -could appeal to their feelings, and tell them what children loved so much. They could tell them stories, let them sing hymnB, show them pictures, and so forth ; in short, make Sunday a bright and happy day, sot a day of toil and drudgery in learning hard lessons. (Ap- plause.) They had something upon whloh to base that brighter side of christian life. That, to MB mind, was a matter of euch great importance, that he thought they should, by painstaking application, endeavour to get ingrained into the heart and miuds of the children a knowledge of the Holy Scriptures. But how could that be done, if they attempted todo it at all, ona Sunday afternoon'?. That day ought to be the happiest and bnighteit of the week, not a day of hard tasks for these little ones, and to make it so was doing what they had no right to do. The Sunday afternoon school was not sufficient for their purpose, especially in this busy colony, where they were so many duties and difficulties. It was all very well to say that parents ought to teaoh their children at home, and although he would admit that it was far better that there should be a Sunday school lu every family, they all knew that lt could not be. Then let them teach the children on Sundays in the Sunday schools, but let the teaching be based upon some knowledge of God's Word received during the previous week. They thought a good deal still of the old Bible, and he trusted they would love that Word of God as the years went on. If they did not teach.their children that Bible-which contains the groundwork of their own faith, and enabled them to practice their own morality-their State schools were far and away behind even the Pagan schools of antiquity, because, in the latter, they had some sort of philosophy taught, upon which to base morality. In these days, however, there was none whatever, (Applause.) If they allowed other offspring to grow up in this way, they would he keen enough and sharp enough to detect that they were afraid-or seemed to bo afraid-of teaching God's Word in the schools ; and what would they think as they grew up? They would not,. he thought,, have very much respect for the Word of God, or that christian faith which they professed to lay Buch store by. It was all very well at present, because they had not outliyed the old traditions ; and they were living now, as it were, upon their principal. But this would soon be run out, and then God have mercy upon the nation that had so dishonoured Him, as to refuse to teach His Word in the great instruction given to its children. He did not want to take up too much time, but would like to ask them a very plain question-Did the peuple, after all, with their Bible societies, and with all they said about the Holy Scrip- tures, really mean what they said? Now, their, Roman Catholic friends meant what they said, end he honoured them for having the courage of their convictions. They were giving effect to their convictions, too, by their resolution and self-denial, and they were providing schools themselves, iu order to teach their children what they believed to be the true faith. Some people were very much afraid of the Roman Catholics making inroads upon other denominations, and teaching them what many deemed to be grievous errors. Why, they were simply laying themselves open to this if they allowed them to teach God's Word, and did not teach it at all them- selves. (Applause.) He wuuld just remind them here of a passage-he dared say they had read it before-a very brilliant passage, written by ono of the most eminent dignitaries of thc Roman Catholic Church. He was speak- ing of the hold the Saxon Bible had upon the English nation, and this was what he Baid : " Who will not say that the uncommon beauty and marvellous English of the Pro- testant Bible is not one of the great strong- holds of heresy in the country ? (In writing of what Protestants believed the writer (Car- dinal Manning) spoke of it as heresy.) It lives on the ear like a music that can never be forgotten-like the sound of church bells, which the convert hardly knows how he can forego. Its felicities often seem to be almost things rather than mere words. It is part of the national mind, and the auchor of national seriousness. The. memory of the dead passes into it." The potent traditions of childhood are stereotyped in its verses. The power of all the griefs and trials of man is hidden beneath its words. It is the repre- sentative of his best moments and all that has been about him of soft, and gentle, and pure, and penitent, and good, speaks to him for eyer out of his English Bible. It is his sacred thing which doubt has never dimmed, and controversy has never eoiled. In the length and breadth of the land there is not a Pro- testant with one spark of religiousness about him, whose spiritual biography is not in his Saxon Bible. And again listen to Cardinal Newman :-" Bible religion is both the recog- nised title and the best description of English religion. It consists, not in rites or creeds, but mainly in having the Bible read in church, in the family, and in private. Now 1 am far indeed from undervalying that mere know- ledge of scripture which is imparted to the population thus promiscuously. The re- iteration, again and again, in fixed course in the public service, of the words of inspired teachers under both covenants, and that in grave majestic English, has in matter of fact been to our people a vast benefit. It has attuned their minds to religious thought : lt baa given them a high moral standard ; it bas served them io associating religion with, compositions which, even humanly considered are among the most subliue and beautiful ever written ; especially it has impressed upon them the series of Divine Providences in behalf of man from his creation to his end. and above all, the words, deeds, and sacred suffrrings of him in whom all the providences of Gol cäntre." That was the boole they would not have taught in the State schools. It had been stated by that great writer, Thomas Carlyle, that England Rad two books. Une she had made, and the other had made her : one was Shake- speare, and tbe ofter the Bible. Yet the Bible had been banished from the schools, and they would not let their children be taught from it. They would not let their little ones know thc Grace of God or the great moral lessons that were to be obtained from His Holy Word. He could scircely believe it ; yet it was so. And they should combine to alter this. Why, in what they were doing now, they were not only, in a most flagrant and reckless manner, playing into the hands of the infidel, but into the hands of those who, to bis mind, were far more to be feared even than the open infidel, viz., the modern agnostic. Who was he? Why his very name told them at once who he was. He had no creed and wanted none, so practically it came to this-there was nothing new, there was nothing to be taught, and it did not matter. Wasthatwhatthey weregoing to bring their children up to? Oh, no. He was very glad that in Rockhampton there were people who were in earnest in this matter, and he oould not believe that the day was far distant when the Parliament of Queensland would no longer prohibit the teaching of the Word of God in the State schools. All of them or at least the majority-had learnt thoroughly the principles upon which their own hope of salvation rested, or at leant those great car- dinal troths taught la the Holy Scriptures. Bat let them be preached. Conld the Bible be taught lu the school! ? It had been'done In London, and what could be done there the most difficult city in the world for such an experiment-could be done in Queensland. (Applause.) Then if it could be done, let it be done, and let them work harmoniously and persistently, and they would certainly obtain what they wanted. They would find it to be the richest possession they could hare, not only for themselves, but also for their children -something that would make all this material prosperity a blessing, not a curse ; and some- thing that they would value as their most precious héritage, and hand cn to posterity in its virgin purity. He must ask the pardon of the meeting for speaking at such length, bnt one could not speak on a subject like this with that entire self-command as regarded time that one ought to exercise. He thought the true note had been struck this evening, and if the only thing accomplished by this Conference was what they had been speaking of this evening, they would have cause indeed to thank God that they had had the privilege of visiting Rockhampton. (Applause.) Mr. KKABSET MILFORD said he would like to Bay a few words on the subject, which had only been discussed up till the present from one point of view. At present all classes of the community were taxed to support the schools, and attendance at these institutions was compulsory. In many places, however, there were no Bchools. What he would like to know was-Would it be fair to thc general taxpayer to have to pay for teaching the Bible in the State schools ? Would it be fair to teachers BB a body that they should be com- pelled to teach religion, when, perhaps, it was against their convictions? Would not the adoption of such a system throw many clever men and women-among them perhaps some of the cleverest-out of the Bervice ? Mr. LINTHWAITE said aB this was his first appearance at these Conferences he did not like the suhject, interesting os it was, to pass over without offering a few remarks, simple though they might be. upon the subject. He looked back to bis schooldays, forty years ago, and remembered the tune when the Bible was Îilaced io the hands of the scholars for them to eora from ; but he could not help saying that they learnt more in their own bornes. He thought they had been nothing lees than cowards in the highest degree, for not having insisted upon the reading of tho Bible in their State schools. (Hear, hear.) He was proud to be present that night, and see the earnest manner in which the matter had been dis- cussed. He had not the slightest doubt that if the spirit which they evinced were only kept up, all they desired would be accom- plished. But would it!-that was the ques- tion. He knew from an experience of one and twenty years in Rockhampton, that while the thing was fresh-while the visitors were among them-it would be all very well, but as soon as they were gone it would all disappear, (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He sincerely trusted such would not be the case in this instance, and that some means would be found to keep the matter alive, for the present state of affaira was a disgrace to a Christian people. The BISHOP said hitherto they had only heard one side of tbe question. They were very much indebted to the gentleman who had pointed out one or two obstacles, and he should be pleased if others would follow, so that they might look the difficulties in the face. Mr. F. B. KOCH spoke at some length on the subject, prefacing his remarks by stating if they looked through history they would find that the downfall of a nation was always preceded by its carelessness as to its religious observances. That was a fact which would be patent to all who had ever taken the trouble to look into the matter. He thought there was no system of education so good and so perfect as they had in Queensland, (hear, hear), but however good it might be from u secuiar point of view it lacked one great and important thing, and that was instruction from the Book of Books. He had no wish to trespass upon the creeds held by other denominations, but he eiinply wished that the history of the Bible should be in- stilled into the juvenile mind. They had been asked by one gentleman whether a teacher in a State school should be compelled to teach something he might not believe in. Well, he thought an answer could be found to that question. They all agreed that Queensland was a Christianotountry, and that at some time or other, evetyperson should re- ceive some religious teaching. If there «ere any ot their State school teachers who did not believe ia the truth) of religion-and he should be very sorry to think so-he did not think they believed in anything else, and that they HO lld have no more objection to teaching the Bible than chemistry or geography. He should nut rest contented until their object had been attained. Ihey would soon be in the midst of a general election, and he thought they should all combine not to vote for any candidate who would not pledge himself to support religions instruction in their State schools. The subject had been so well venti- lated that he would add nothing more, but he earnestly hoped something would be done before long to settle this important question. The Rev. BERNHARD R. WILSON followed. He Baid for his own part be was disappointed with tile course the discussion had taken thf night. There must be another side of th question, and he, for one, was distinctly give to understand that it was to be represente that evening. He had looked in vain for th opponents to religious instruction in Stat schools. It was hardly fair that this was sc because he had hoped, with others, that the were to be told where the objections lay. On gentleman alone had asked two questions, fe which they ought to feel indebted. Still h did not consider it fair to lot the matter com to a close without some attempt being mad to point out what the answers would be t those questions which His Lordship had rt ferred to as very pertinent to the subject The questions were centred round one pat ticular point-What about the rights of th minority ? To that there could only be on answer-the same as given in all questions o politics, or differences of opiuion between tw< parties : the minority must give way to thi strength of the majority. As a matter of fact on this important question, anynne who har thought it out fairly would be perfectly awan that this cry of a small minority was the com bination arrived at between ignorance or the one band and prejudice on the other There was not the slightest doubt as to thal -all the opposition to religious education ir State schools was the combination of ignor- ance and prejudice on the part of the many. They asked what about the rights of th< minority, and he replied, what about the rights of the majority ? (Hear, hear.) It wat an extraordinary and ridiculous fact that on these matters of religion a majority of at least seventy-five per cent were hopelessly handcuffed and tied dawn by a small minority who did not represent twenty-five per cent. He contended that the rights of thc minority were respected at the polling station through- out thc country, and he challenged them tc assert their rights when occasion presented. But he went even further, and suggested that they were even further respected. As in England their schools were managed by bodies of gentlemen elected for for that purpose, »nd there was every opportunity for all Bhades of religion and sectarian belief to be represented. Mr. Wilson then went on to refer to the religious instruction imparted in the State schools in England, remarking that only in one case, Birmingham, was the introduction of the Bible forbidden. There was an attempt to introduce a code of moral law which obtained the name of the " Birmingham Bible," but it was ot no usc. The effect was so serious with regard to'the young, that they had to come backt» the Bible. He would also reply to the gentleman who had asked the question, that according to the Act, the religions instruction would be limited to one part of the day. and according to the " con- science clause," it would be within the power of parents to refuse to allow their children to come during that time. With regard to the teachers, he thought that was dealt with by the Bev. Mr. Ruddock, and if a saving clans« were inserted in the Act, allowing teachers who held office at the present time to refuse to impart religions instruction if they thought fit, all fatore teachers could be given clearly. to understand that this would be expected of them. There was one point upon which he did Dot think sufficient had been said. Do let them be clear about what they wanted. They did not want clergymen to be given the right togo and give religious instruction in the schools, for that would be perfectly use- less. They wanted the teachers-the properly qualified persons for such a purpose-to do the work. One more word about the rights of minorities. Did they think it fair for ono moment that a Government should come forward and say that the teachers throughout the length and breadth of thc land,-nine tenths, nay ninety-nine-hundredths of whom believed in some religion-should be absolutely debarred from the liberty of private citizens in assisting the cause of religion ? It was an absolute shame and injustice. (Hear, bear.) Talk about the rights of the minorities-let them do something about the rights of the teachers. (Hoar, hear.) The present laws were a standing disgrace, and they called for immediate effort on the part of all church- men. The BISHOP said everything had been put so very clearly before them, that anything be might say would bea work of supererogation. There was no doubt the question was a very serious one, and required immediate attention. He compared at some length the educational system in the old country and in Australia, and remarked that a short time since, there was a most interesting article in the Wettmvteter Review cn " Young Australia," To educate a child did cot only mean to fill him with knowledge and information, but to lay the basis of a sound morality, which was only to be derived from Christian teaching. The writer in the Hrcs(mtHS(er Review said : " The arrival at maturity of the colonial born race marks the entry upon an entirely new era in the history of the colonies. The sturdy pioneers and founders have passed away, or are rapidly passing away ; a generation born in the colonies is growing up and becoming the preponderating elements in the State. Something is felt to be wanting, which the ouuietmug US IKll liU UV WUUMUg, Wuiw WO younger community can never possessB. The mighty influence of old associations and per- sonal contact with the old home are a lost chord. English history would have helped to counteract the effects of thu, but it is boy- cotted." The writer was no doubt referring more particularly to Victoria and New South Wales, but yet he (the Bishop) could not help thinking it applied elsewhere. Of course the reason for excluding the teaching of Eng- lish history was apparent-it was because the history of the Church of England was so interwoven with it, foi it had built up the nation. (Hear, hear.) Those who were fairly acquainted with the subject of reli- gious education in the old country would remember that it was the Nonconformist body who asserted that the State had nothing to do with religion. It was to the honor of Mr. Spurgeon that the moment he came face to face with the question of the Bible being taught in the schools, he flung to the four winds that strict and severe logic which Non- conformists hold among themselves so re- ligiously, and he declared that, Noncon- formist though he was, if the Bible was going to be excluded from the schools of the nation, he would feel it his duty to go up and down the country preaching against such a proposal. (Applause.) He honoured any man who felt that life was something greater than logic. (Hear, hear.) Lord Shaftesbury, whose name *'as so indissolubly connected with all philanthropic movements, said sooner than hiB children should be brought up in no religion at all, he would prefer them to be instructed as Roman Catholics. The real question waB what did they mean by education! He submitted that therein lay the answer to the whole question, and that if religious truths were to be carefully kept from them, their system might be called a public store of certain matters of useful in- formation. He felt sure it was a question over which they were all agreed, no matter what religious denominations they belonged to, and therefore the remedy lay in their own hands. At the present time a most grevious injustice was being done to their young people. There was a very powerful article on tbe 22nd of October in the Bris- bane Telegraph, referring to the artiole he had mentioned as appearing in the Westminster Review. In dealing with the forbidding of the teaching of English history the writer said : " Those familar with the history of Austra- lian education are aware that the ' religious difficulty is the cause of this, but is it ques- tionable whether any ' difficulty ' should be allowed to cause such a serious defect in the education of colonial youth. Every notable nation has recognised the value of its history as an element in the education of its citizens, and Australia cannot neglect it without suf- fering incalculable loss. If she is to become a noble Empire, our youths must know some- thing of the heroic deeds and wise legislation which has made the British race what it is. And to deal with the problems of the future they must wisely study the history of the patt." The article was well worthy of per- usal, aud he thought when such articles were published the Press had earned a considerable debt of gratitude. Io conclusion the BISHOP said, on behalf of himaelf «nit th« nthor rli-rov urhn ha.it nnma tn himself find tho other clergy who had come to attend these conferences, be had to express gratitude at the kind hospitality with which they had been received in Rockhampton. He need hardly say that it had been a great Sleisure to them to come here and meet and ¡seuss these questions. If the Conference was ever held again in Rockhampton he hoped they would have a more vigorous discussion, and that the opposite side would be repre- sented more fully. The debate that night hud been too much on one side. (Hear, hear.) He hoped it was not because the advocates of the ether side had felt that their views would be BO easily met that they were afraid to come forward. He was sure if any gentle- man bad come forward, no matter what views he might hold, he would have received a most patient bearing. Be would only say once more, that while they might have wished for a fuller attendance io the earlier sittings of the Conference, the interest evinced by those who had attended compensated for it in some measure. Mr. G. B. SHAW moved a hearty vote of thanks to His Lordship and the other clergy who bad, at considerable trouble and incon- venience, attended this Conference, and he was sure it must have been a pleasure to them to listen to the excellent addresses which bad been delivered. He hoped the Conferenoe would be the precursor of many more, and that the good derived would be immeasurable. The vote was carried by acclamation, and the Conference then concluded. 