J The Mysterious Itcll-riimii;KS> A great, elrnsge, desolate, awful old housi elands in & quarter of New Orleans whicr once was InHbionablii, but which is now f lurking-place for negroes, Europoan imrni grants, desperadoes, and malaria. Isolated, four huge atorics in height, its material a Bolernn, dark-brown, Btony trick, ilB front distinguished by two projecting ores cents, its basement windows dungeon-like, with wronght-iron firiuings, it gtves you the idea of a French chateau rather than of an Amcrioan dwelling. This aristocratic appear ance is enhanced by the solid architecture^ of the stabler, and by at] enclosing wall nine feet iti height, friuged with long iron spikes. it is still further enhanced by an unmistak able air o! solitude, neglect, and decay. Many panes of glaBB arc broken ; some of the windows are closed up with pray, cob webbed boards ; the foundations of the front steps arc loosened, and the etones are eliding down; no trace anywhere of sweeping, dust ing, repairing, or any other manner of care. In a quarter teeming with unfortunate*, who would he only too glad of substantial shelter, this lordly mansion is uninhabited. Not a human face ever looks from the bleared win dows ; not a human foot ever disturbs tbo dust on tho elauted doorsteps. An ominous circumstance, which bas the air of marking the place for eternal loneliness, ia afaetcmag of rusty nails and wiro across the handle of the bell-pull. , litfore this house gained the evil fame 0" being haunted, and while it was still familiar to tho feet of the aristocracy of New Orleans, Mr. Henry Vanderlyn, then only twenty-four years old, rang oub day at his door-bell. No answer. He rang again and waited; he looked at the windows to Bee it the place was inhabited; he took a third pull at the agate knob; Btill no answer. Meanwhile, cither through the enormous key-hole or through the spacious crack at the bottom of the door, both so characteristic of Southern architecture, he could bear stealthy steps and cautiouB whisperings. " Do they take mo for a robber ? ^be queried " or ib there B negro insurrection panic abroad?" His patience gave out, and ho was about to depart, when a close coupi drove up to the curb-Btone. A lady in deep mourning, who was BO veiled that be coulu not distinguish her features, but whose form and carriage exhaled a delicious odor of youth and dis tinction, pushed open the door of the vebielo with a small, gloved hand, and presently stood on the broad etcpa of the mansion. For a moment the two faocd eaoh other without speaking; then he ventured to eay: " Am 1 addressing Mrs. Taillcfer? " "Ah, Mr. Vanderlyn !" the answered i"«o you have come on, as you promised. What a pity that I rcceive no one 1 However, - after a brief hesitation-" I will teceivc yon. Please come in." Instead of touching the bell, she tapped on the door with the head of her parasol- It was at once opened. Within stood two mulatto girls and a negro man ; Ihoy seemed to be trembling, as if with fright. " We didn't dast open faefo', 'oaueo it rung, atammorcd the negro, in a whisper, mean, while bowing in ceremonious apology. " Never mind," replied Mrs. Taillcfer, 111 an impatient tone and with a gesture which commanded silence. "K Mr. Pilkington callB, let him in. No one else." Signing to V&ndcrlyn; to follow her, she lea tho way into a parlor, spacious end lofty eooURb lot a ball-Toom, and rich wtn old, carved, mahogany furniture. " Have the kindness to ait down," abe Baifl. .'You eeo that 1 ought not to have received you. 1 am in mourning for the death of my husband. But you had ootne so far, I did not feel that 1 ought to send you away. Be sides, you contributed so much to our plea euro at Saratoga. I am delighted to welcome you." Under the circumstances Vanderlyn was slightly shocked at suoh olassio terseness and repose. At Saratoga he had studied the Taitlefers carefully, and, as he thought, pro foundly; he had set down Anthony Taillcfer as a devoted husband, and l)iano Taillcfer as a happy wife; he had supposed that, in case of the death of cither, the survivor would grieve passionately, Kence tho SaiiuBtian brevity of that announcement:"! am in mourning for the death of my husband,' struck him temporarily dumb. litis unpleasant impressions were instantly dissipated when the widow drew aside her veil and revealed that face which had charmed his previous summer into a season of the Isole Felici. Such cyca! Ho intensely black, yet of bo many shades of blackness, and so full of dazzling lights I Whenever Vanderlyn tried to analyze Mrs. Taillcfer's face, with the Intention of determining whether it were entirely beautiful or not, ho began and ended with looking at her eyes. It is known to ub, however, that she was a brilliant brunette, with features slightly aquiline m type, enclosed in a tine oval. Her expression wbb oalm,self-poessssed, well-bred; but,as pcoplo who were not bewitched by her de clared, it was unpleasantly cold: if not dis tinctly British, it was at least unsympathetic. In Cguro ehe was tailor and more graceful than most women of l'rench blood; and her carriage wae singularly uptight, impoEing, and, one might say, imperial. Vandorlyn gazed at her with tho delicate sympathy, the almost religious respeot, which tue young and pure must grant to beauty in mourning. Tho chivalrous admiration with which this woman had inspirod him, and by means ol whioh ehe bad drawn him a thous and miles merely to look upon her once more developed for the Crst time into something akin to love, lie wae ready to clutch himtelf by the throat with anger, when be discovered that, in spite of the sanctity of her fresh weeds, ho was contemplating the possibility ot wooing her. Alter a little conversation-not about the dead, or the widowhood; only about that pleasant season iu Saragota-Vanderlyn. in his youthful delicacy, rose to leave. " Don't go," urged Mro. Toillefcr. "Don t suppose that you are annoying me. I should not have let you in had that been possible. 1 have not half done questioning you about things and people at tho North. In epite of our local vanity, the North ie our metropolis. When n New Voritcr comes here, be is a rn/iriiriw, Stay to dinner. Anil while I go and drees, amu»e yourself, in your masculine way, with books and piclureo," While she was gone, Vanderlyn inspected ii row ot venerable oil-paintings, mainly of the French, hut a tew of the Kpanish and Italian HChuole, oicli as are to be found in Nov,- Orleans itij-feater numbers than iu any other American city. l'icseMly ho heard a kuock at the outer door; then came ft e)OW, ponderous, groaning advance through the ball; then he turned to look at a visitor. The new-comer was a man of prodigious ynd plethoric corpulence. Although of the ordinary height, he seemed short, iu sotwe itnence ot tho unKieldly nine ot his abdomen and the deformed hugeness of hie head. The lucki', of lony. ihin oily-brown Jwir behind his tars were carefully combed upward and tur ward, to conceal ns much as pon.«ible the bal.inCHB ot hid nhiny and "potted scalp, lie wan tlmo-l dcvVid ot eyehtowsuudcyeUs-lies, and Lite edg.-i ot liin swollen lids v.cre licry with mtHmnmlien. l"idct the eyes viC-rc biowni--h and dropsical ban*, the distress Mg iinls ill Inn.. anduuic) mdigc'tlpus. Tho rent ot hi" III".'-the vast forehead md temples, the tl.iC', id, drui'i'iii'! luniorF ot 'lis cheeks, li,o «u-i prncesi-ioii r.r douMc chin- 'vhicli do i-eeudrd into his cravat-had been 'lained to n viifnrm dull, Uiiek yellow by the malaria ot ...u'lisiann. Althoughilrr'fed in thriftiest fn»Mon, 11i 'nrri < \> i'e;l ho'.h di-: >i't anil pit}, no(trn.-s«»mlIwlpltFi* wit" iu erS|in|ei)e... Jliu 'jreatheaiiiein hoarie wheeze, prophetic of ifiity degeneration of Hid bCftTl, 01 of tin crabh of apoplexy, But, hideous, cumbersome, una doubtless 111 pain as tbia roan wag he had an air of gen tility, or, at least, of courtliness. On per ceiving Vanderlyn, he bowed, with a alow, juegfltberian gr&ct;, and said, in a voiccwhioh was mellow, despite its hufikio6B0, 41 morning, sir, Excuse my not observing you on ray ILui entrance The darkness of the apartment, sir." Then ho catcfaUy settled himself upon a eofa (no chair in the room was bijj enough to contain him), holding hie hat between the table-lands of hie knees, and groaning for breath wilh on air of suppressed distress " May I enquire whether you have business with Mrs. TaiUefer ?" he fiBkcd, alter Van, dtsrlyn had wade some commonplace response to Inn salutation. 44 If so, I will retire*" " Not at all. J am simply an acquaintance. I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. and Mrs. TaiUefer at the North last summer." " Ah 1 trcusc my question. I thought you might have called on business, as Mrs, TaiUefer receives GO few people. Vou are, doubtless, aware that her husband has lately deceased*" Yanderlyn suspected that this courteous monetcr wiebed him to go away; but he did not tee) disposed, nor, indeed. At liberty to accord that gratification. "Mrs. TaiUefer has just informed me ol her husband's death," be observed. "She ib dressing at present, 1 believe. 1 have no doubt she will bo willing to eee yout you' namo is Pilbinglon." 44 Ah 1 thank you," replied the corpulent gentleman, opening his inflamed eyes in slight BfltonjBhiaoat, but cot forgetting to bow. 44 My name Is Filkington. So you are doubtless, well acquainted with Mrs, TaiUefer?" he continued, unable to repress an air ol interest* 411 presume to congratu late you, sir, A most charming and admit* able woman 1 She informed you, then, of the death of ber lamented and noble husband. Doubtless ebc needs sympathy. Did she, ; perhaps mention to you this annoying little I affair of the bell-ringings? No? Wcll»she I undoubtedly will do so.^ A very curious | mystery, tboae eamc bell- ringings.1' ?' I should be happy to hear about them, | if there is no impropriety-if Mrs. Tail leler ! 41 Of course she would not object," inter rupted Filkington, turning purple with the effort at courteous haste. " Fublio talk, nay dear sir; ull over New Orleans already. It i is an exceedingly singular case, either of spiritual manifestations, or of outrageous i persecution. H you dou't object, I will tell 1 you tbo story. There will be plenty ol time. We know those ladies, sir. They Me a long while in changing their attire when it is & question ot receiving a handsome and ac complished young gentisman," | *. 1 am exceedingly obliged to you, bowed 1 Vauder/yn, quite prostrated by sueh a torrid simoon of civility. " . 44 It is a mere little matter of bell-riflging, continued the immense Filkington, with a smile broad enough for & placet. " A riaic* ulous little door bell. Only fancy the absurd ity of it. 1 should cay, however* tot there are several bells in tbe plot. But it was the mischievous little bronze at the front door whioh began it. When that was temporarily tied up, all the other bells took up tbe clatter. Positively I must be allowed to stigmatise it as a clatter," bo explained with an apologctical bow* 111 am a Southenor, sir, and J pride myself on using the diction ot Addison, as is the ease with our Southern 1 gentry, But in thiB instance 1 must bo allowed the oommonplaoe word, olatter* Suoh an impertinent, worrying noiso, my dear sir 1 However, \ will begin with the dcor-bell, that is, at the entrance ol my story* Pardon my little jokes, sir. Humor, baeobant numor, sweetens life. Are you not fond of it your* self, sit? 1 have no doubt, judging from four genial expression, that you frequently inaulge in it." After puffing and perspiring for a moment over his spirit of wit» he resumed: 41 Well, to my tale, as the poet says. The Taillefers, you must know, are one of our old families. I'tcnch blood, sir, and agood vintage. This noblo mansion was ercoted by Eustace Tail leler, father of Anthony, or Anioinc. Eus tace was at that time ono of tbe wealthiest planters, and was always one o! our highest toned gentlemen, A bit expensive, a little disposed to r/nv# a good deal »ndcbt at last, but always high-toned. Weil, sir, he died it is the common lot of humanity-he bowed to it with his native courtesy. That was only five years ego. Anthony undertook to econoraiao and clear the estate. But ho got married. He won a splendid wife, sir-a leader of tocicly, a qu^nly creature. The devil I such a woman must have her drespes; she must live in a stylo suitable to her; don't you sec it ? Wo can't blame her; we sympa thise with her. But the result was that the estate did not get cleared." Sere be paused, looking at Vanderlyo's face with attention, as if to see whether he bad begun to produce hiseffcct. Kfieemed as though he were endeavouring to show the young man that here was a woman who rnuit not be sought lor, uuk«a the eceker were armi-d with a long pi»rac. As Vanderlyn had ftputec ol eomo one hundred thousand pounds, he did not feel pungently alarmed. ««Perhaps wo may venture to suppose," continued the man-mountain,41 that Anthony Tailleter's lifo was nhortened by bis financial dillieultiee. His death was sodden, sir frightfully Ejiddcn. Credulous people have asserted that he used poison to hasten it. Some of the symptoms reminded physicians of strychnine* However, that 5s absurd-! vclHuto to BUY " !>.<>/i'i?, 'J'!. 111fcr ffftu btolicn j had loo heavy o load, couldn't last lonfier. Well, Eir, on tlie day cilor the funeral, curi ouely euuu/h-on the very flay hftcr-bepsn tbia litllu bell. This mcc-peraljle little boll," be repeated, with on emphatic Erin. The wr< tc'ied ting-r.-linK-linKOt course, it was uunpoged that some 011c lmd callcd. The toot rami opened tiro door, and found-nobody 1 Imagine tbe fright ot a nigger-an ignorant Euiinrftitious niuget-when tbia waa re load, when it happened a dozen times a day Ting-a-lins-lint;: door Cieu open; nobody there. NiRfier elains the door to, and tu'hco back to the jard. r.h white tti a 11iw.tr | call he. All thi servants took trigbt; really you can't blame them. TaiHeter but juet buiiud, itnd that tiiiR-n-liiur-liiiR in tl>'jouee -an iitcoiuprehcupibl", choetly lino-Ming Ji'r. pil|tiii::(nn ecenied (o enjay his own eloquence. Ilia uneiuoua fmilc played nil over Vandcrlyit, lit'- a spout from an cnfiiiie chnvi'td with fcwtet-of. Hut beneiith tlna eniiifnetion and wnialUy iiicre V, a»ii Iwmlslo ol inspoelion and calculation. n» it he were etudyiiii; io nee liow the lulo iiff^oted tbe yoiini; man, and how much mo.c ol it \vould bi- iimcamty to proJueo cauic desired re eult. " Vou may ciifposc-oouree, my <l'.'ar tir vou have inferred-that the mystery has niaife a noire. A a 1 am tlie business agent of Miv. Tsiillel-r 1 took the matter in hand. I have had til the punditB of Now Orleans here. Ono thought it won electricity; an o;Vr that it wn? a trick of the BCrvantB. It wa8 FiK';cftcd tiint I elinnia cut the bell wire. 1 had it cut. The extraordinary renult was that the trouble increased ten-fold. Thcmyfi tt-rv rsinfi all the hella-ii ranj; tbem ono by one and i' renn I hem together; it rang them behind mtr b:icltr, and before our eyes. It tm,ai (Nh.'ion'innry-it ic absolutely un earthly. My dear sir, 1 olmoat feclathberty tn eay to ynu that you nie in a hauntert '' Tlic v< uuF ninn did not I.uo<Y what Jo tl.ii li nni' Ikj-a- I" frel. On the one hand, the id,'-a thai My*. Tuiltif-e w pernfcutcd by :i "hunt, Ol by i'iy lery which rmiulatcd the tiliyiiiiy nioili- >-f netinii, tended to Rive her IliQ interest of rnmar,n" nnd it .ii;n ber mon attractive. On the other liupti, 'here eoemed to be »n undercurrent uf n.nniing in itr. l'ilkington-an ineinuaiicn that there bad been forocthing uonfllurftl or rvil, in the life of Uii<: firnily; lb it*, there was something perilous about tl)o lady who now represented it. Scarcely liml these conflicting ideal crossed tbeir rapier points in his mind, when Mr.i. Taillefer entered the room and inter mixed the duel. The weight el fourhundred pounds of flesh end the distress ot untold diseases oould Dot prevent Mr. l'ilkington from rising and reeling her with elaborate oourtesien. When ehe tranquilly gave him her hand, be bent over it wiih tbe air of dropping a kill upon it. There wao an (xprn-ion of real jealousy, and < f counterfeit triumph iD bi> jaundiced eyetj he lie glanced at Vanderlyn, and f-aid : " Southern chivalry, my dear sir. Wo worship divinity." ? " Mr. J'ilftington," obrfrvru Mrs. Taillefer, with n i.lii'htly reprcBsive intouation," this ie Mr. Vanderlyn, of New Vork, a very kind friend of mine. Teihaps you will find him netful in your investigations." Mr. Pilkington's huge countenance fell; his jealousy upeet his late triumph. " Ah, certainly," ho replied, with well oiled readines?, " l'<ju must understand, Mr. Vanderlyn- I am extremely happy to make your acquaintance, sir-that Uis- Tailleferii annoyed by nr. incomprehensible and villainous persecution- There is a myster ious bell-rinding about the house," be went on, as it ho bad never mentioned the subject before. " It is a serious disturbance. I have done myself the honor to oiler to examine the myttcry thoroughly. 1 pro pose to stay in the house night and day until 1 h.ive detected the authors of the tnok. I shall be happy-as Mrs. Taillefer graciously permits-to have your company and aBBlt* tanco." "Nothing would please me better,"said Vanderlyn. " I have often wanted to btrata ghost." Pilkington's countenance descended (till lower, until it seemed likely to oover hia whole person-a gigantic apron ot gloom; blubber. The two men ate at the bouse that day and passed the night there. To both of tbem Mre. Taillefer was charming; it waa very easy for her to be so. Meantime, there were occasional tintinna bulations without discoverable cause. The bell-wircB had been cut, as Filkington bad raid, but had been replaced in order to pro. voke fresh manifestations, with a view to discovering the otigin of the disturbance; and, the moment the wires were in working order, the ghost was at them. Thrioe daring tbe aiteruoon a sharp jingling sent Vander lyn into the hall and Filkington to tbe win dow. In vain; nobody wbb at the door; no body was in the passages. II tbe originator ol the olamor were a living human creature, be was sly and quick enough to deserves ghost's highest praise. Of tbe servants be was, (or a while, grind; suspicious; he believed that tbe " everlast ing nigger " waB at tbe bottom ot tbie, as of all other Southern troubles; but, alter (doge watching, be was obliged to clear the Taillefer Africans of the charge of o( counterfeiting spectres. Horribly afraid of tbe " obi," tbey remained uilent and brooding, like dispirited hens, in their own coroor of tbe establish ment, whispering about " voudoos," gather ing iutokuuts when the bell rang, and obey ing the anmmcus with extreme reluct&nBe.; (Conchulrtl <>i our next.) 