OLD-TIME MEMORIES. SO THE EDITOR. Sir-I noticed recently on account ol a "ghost" tfaat bod frightened a police man at the inhibition, and the statement that two men had been hanged there iD the early days. That state ment is quite correot, and it brought to my recollection that I had a letter from Mr. Anstey on the subject, and on looking over my papers found the following" Hughes and Curran, Bushrangera,-I was present at the trial of these ruffians in the Old Supreme Court. I see before me now as if yesterday Curran killing the small black flies as they peBtered his eyes, whilst X thought to myself that be himself would coon be as those crushed flies, but on the gallows-tree. I remember well the room in the Folios Barracks improvised into a guardroom, with iron bars to the windows to re ceive these condemned men. The evening before their execution, whilst sauntering out with my dear old friend George Hamilton (late Commissioner of Police) we were within eight of this guardroom when Outran recog nising Hamilton, called out, ' Can't you do any thine for us, Mr. Hamilton ?' Hamilton answered 'I am Borry I oan't, my poor fellows.' We were both much shocked at thiB ghastly incident. The scene on the fallows is exactly described by Tolmer, but never knew till now how Hughes oontrived to get that long white clay pipe into his month. I see Hughes before me quickly mounting the gallows ladder, blowing de fiantly a 'longcloud' in the full bravado of his brutal nature. He struggled with the hang man (masted), tried to kick him, and iu being turned off he oaught the edgo of the trapdoor with one beel, and there remained supported by the rope round his neck and his heel on the side of the trap for some seconds. Hughes died like a wild beast, Curran with decency. I never witnessed another execution." Another letter touched on the first election that took place iu the colony, and which perhaps may be found interesting. Although oor present aystem of vote by ballot is far better than the old plan of open voting, still an election nowadays is dull work compared to the excitement and lun that prevailed in the early days. Out first election took place thirty-Bix years ago, when sixteen members were returned as representatives of the people and eight wero nominated by the Government. Mr. Anstey contested the district of Yatala. fie writes as fol lows I oan corroborate Tolmer's praise of the efficacy of emu oil in promoting tbe growth of the hair. All the overland gentlemen used it on their long journeys, and more than one of them was conspicuous by the length and curliness of their glossy ' lovelocks.' The mounted police uxed it to a man, besides greasing their moustaches and beards with this wonderful fat. So notorious was their use of it that I remember well at my first political Yatala meeting at Hope Valley being questioned as to my opinion of tbe mounted police by a sneering opponent. I expressed my warm approval of that fine body of young men, especially praising them for the very proper cue they bestowed on their hair and beards in welt (creasing them with emn oil to the great delight of all the nursery maids in Adelaide. This was in April, 1851, and my old friend Mr. G. Hamil ton cordially approved ot my warm remarks thereon. The great majority of the intelligent electors present were con vinced by my armaments, and the spiteful objector to the police and their beards shut up." Onr worthy Commissioner u«4 to treat us once a month to the sight of bis veil-drilled body of horse and foot police parading through the town. I had not seen them for some time when a few days sinoe on walking in the neighbourhood of King William-Btreet 1 heard a band playing, It first struck me that it must be the Salvation Army, but there were other instruments besides a dram. Then I bethought me of the energetic Yankee with hiB bay horses, brass band, and tinkling bells, when all of a sodden it struck me that it must be the Police Band. I made the best of my way to King William-Btreet, and fortunately arrived in time to see the procession pass by. There they were marching along in gallant style, the band leading the way. Then followed the troopers on their "gallant gress," the foot police bringing up the rear. They certainly are a fine body of men, and a groat credit to the colony. I noticed the satisfaction expressed by the spectators, and could well fancy the delight of our General if he had such a body of men to add to the Permanent Force. There n as only one man among the onlookers who did not give unqualified praise. Those around seemed inclined to resent his remarks, but on finding that he waa a Port man they made allowance for his wounded feelings and let him go scot free. Although one coutd scarcely fancy anything that could possibly add to the appearance of either officers or men, still the Commissioner might like to follow in the footsteps of his predecessor, and &B; a tribute to his memory recommend this "incomDarable" oil to them. I am, Sir, &o.;, THOMAS GILES. 