THE INTERCOLONIAL CONGREGA- TIONAL CONFERENCE. THE THIRD I>AY. After a devotional meeting on Thursday morning the deleeaSes to the Intercolonial Conference of Ccngr-egational Churches assembled in Stow Lecture Hall. A taw number of friends also attended, ine rreBident (Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A.) occupied the chair. THE SPtSEC OF 2HE AGE. A discussion on the spiritual condition of the ChurcheB we* introduced by two able papers by the Rev. J. Hill, M.A, of Sydney, on "Attendance At Public Worship," and by the Rev. S. Hebditch on " A True Religious Revival." Mr. Hiii's paper was at! aa^controversial character, and was chiefly devoted to pointing out the propriety and the advantage of a union of the people for worship. Mr. Hebditch urged that a religious revival was dependent only upon the Cnurch fulfilling the conditions which God had ordained should precede the working of the Holy Ghost He. asked what but a religious revival could save them from the loss of the great doctrines by which Christianity fought her way to pre eminence, and which alone could maintain her there. The faith once delivered to the saints was honeycombed wiih doubt Things surely believed once were not surely believed now. An easy-going, flabby, invertebrate theology, which saw nothing alarming or very culpable in sin, no necessity for or utility in an atonement, no need of conversion, no obligation in creeds, and no advantage in Church_ fellowship, and no essential distinction between Church and the world, was, he was persuaded,creepii.glike aparalysis over the muid of the age, and was touching with its chilling finger the heart of many of their young men and young women also. A revival of religion alone could meet the case, and the pnccary responsibility in connection with that rested on the ministers of the Churches. The Rev. Dr. KOSEBY thought th9 papers contained rather much laudation of the olden times. The plicid, passive, and uniform appearance of religious life sometimes in past ages was distinguishable from the highly differentiated individualism of the present time. They had to utter a message to their own brethren of their own time, and to do that effectually they must bs m the fullest sympathy with the thought and tlie restless activity of the present generation. He was disposed to believe that more of the spirit of Christ was manifested by men in this last quarter of the nineteenth century than had been ever before seen. (Hear, heir.) The Rev. Dr. BEVAN agreed with Dr. Roseby that there never was a time in the history of the woild when the spirit of Christ was more clearly manifest in the world. He ridiculed theidea that religion wasless thought of by the cultured classes, and quoted statistics to show that in America the proportion of University students who were members of Churches was higher now than it ever had been before. Churches should see that revivals came from within themselves, and should not rely upon receiving benefit from the preaching of travelling evangelists. (Hear, near.) Otner speakers attributed the falling on in the attendances at Church on Sunday evenings to the increasing interest bestowed upon religious periodicals, and to the worries of week-night meetings causing men to desire to stay at home with their families. KEW HEBRIDES MISSIONS. It was decided to consider on Wednesday next a resolution containing a protest against the interference of French officials with the Presbyterian missionaries in the New Hebrides. OPINIONS ON CONGREGATIONALISM. At 130 p.m.. the company adjourned to the Town Ball Banqueting-room, where a substantial luncheon was provided them by Messrs. Bricknell Brothers. After the repast the PRESIDENT submitted, as a sentiir.tut, "The Co-workers of other Christian Churches." (Applause.) Canon ANDREWS, in reply, expressed his warm sympathy with the Congregationalista in the celebration of their jubilee. Speaking only for_ himself, although lie was an Episcopalian, and believed Grd's work could be thoroughly done in connection with the Episcopal polity — (Hear, hear)—he had great sympathy with that particular view which was represented by his Congregational brethren. At any rate, he thought that as to all external matters connected with Church government, and he thought he might use the expression Church polity—without touching cu the question of priesthood—all those matters were as the small duBt of tbe balance compared with the great evangelical truths which Dr. Dale had addressed them upon on the previous evening. (Cheers.) The Rev, S. KNIGHT also replied to the sentiment, and remarked that whilst Congregationalists had the largest freedom, they seemed to have the least divergence from the Christian teachings. It was another instance of the truth that if we trusted human nature human nature was trustworthy. He paid a tribute to the achievements of Dr. Dale. Subsequently the company adjourned to the grounds outside Stow Church, where they were photographed by Mr. R. S. Stacy. The blacks whG are in camp near the Old Exhibition Building visited the Lecture Hall afterwards for the entertainment of the company. 