A STRANGE STORY. A DOMESTIC VAMPIRE. An incident occurred at South Mclbouroa lost week which would havo afforded material to Edgar Allan Poo for ono of bis mysterious hnd weird tales. To those who havo road with interest that author's "Black Cat," through whoso instrumentality an individual met jhis doom, will no doubt peruse with interest the following, tho genuineness of which is youchsafod for br a reputablu residonb of South Melbourne : — During tho extreme heat of last week a gentleman, who slopt in a com- partmcnt also containing another occupant, jundcrwont some singular oxpcrionccs, it is presutuod at tliat midnight hour when ghosts and goblins damned are supijosed bv leave thoir prison bouses to haunt the souls of men. Ho retired to bed as usual ono evening, but in tho morning was startled to find his face and pillows covered and saturated with his own fdood. 'iho source fiom which tho flow had -emanated appeared to be a small puncture or incision in the fleshy part of the eyebrow. During the day lie experienced a feeling of extreme lassitudo and languor, arising probably from the loss of blood. On the' fol lowing night he remained awake, but nothing occurred. Tho succeeding midnight hours, Jiowevor, produced extraordinary results. The atmosphere was sultry and warm, and owing to thu loss of blood and tho previous night's vigil ho dosed off shortly before 12 o'clock. About six o'clock in tlio morning ho awoke with a painful com pressed feeling in the region of tho head, and was alarmed to discover a repetition of the blood- stained apjiearatico of tho face, pillow and even edges of tho sheets, and other jara- phrnnlia appertaining to the couch of Mor pheus. Tlio matter was now becoming serious, Suspicions of that abominable creation, tho vampire, were aroused. All inmatos of tho tenement were alarmed, and tlio follow occupant of tho room was naturally surrounded with an unuttercd suspicion. Medical aid was brought into requisition, and those gentlemen were decidedly of opinion that tlio i»rson had beon bitten by somo vermin, and easily accounted for the copious flow of blood. It is well-known that intense beat always tends to thin tho blood, and when the temperature is at 101 or 10G tho slightest incision in tho skin will cause, if loft alono, an outpour of lengthened continuation. A watch was next night kept outside the room to iutercopt any surreptitious vampire. Not a movement was heard in tho room. All was still, with tho ex- caption of tho sleeping inmates' regular breath ing. Towards morning the watchers entered tho bedroom, and were as equally astonished as horrified to observo tho thin blood silently and elowly trickling from a diminutive incision in the forehead. The domestic cat, which had beon put in tho room to frighten away vermin was quietly and harmlessly purring upon a chair. Tho affair was gaining a ghostly reality. Everybody was at their wits' end to account for tho phenomena. Ultimately tho victim 'determined to kenp awake all night himself if possible. Ho made this resolution secretly nnd ho kept it. His room companion had re moved his quarters. Ho was alone in tho room with tho faithful cat. Tho light was turned out. Tlio moonlight was casting it rays through the latticed windows. Tho man dosod, half- waking, half-sleeping, upon tho bed which bad been tlio scene of so much spoilt blood. Suddenly ho felt a gentla pressure on his chest, then a soft furry touch upon his check then a soft half purr, half growl. It was tlio cat. He did not move, Sho licked his faco for a few momenta, and then inserted her teeth. Tlio mystery was solved. The vampire was the cat ! 