THE TOflNQ FOLKS. fobfobtunband glory. A STORY OF THE SOUDAN WAR. Rx Lewis Hough, Author of Doctor Joliiffe's Boye,' Jack Hsmi'toii'a Luok,' etc. etc. Chapter XXL (continued) —The CofVoy « Colonel Stewart and others were soon pat to death. Hassan Bey seized the owner cf the house, the blind man Fakreifcman, and held bim bet are him as a shield, and so got clear the house with only a slight wound. We outside might have despatched hicn, but we had no orders, and did cot intrrfere. And so he got clear, and letting the blind man go, escaped.' Such was the prisoner's account, and there was no reason to doubt the general tenor of it, though of course the details were not to be implicitly relied upon. The man was asked why, since he seemed 60 bear no particular grudge against the Eog'ish, he took such puns to establish himself in a good position for a sure shot at the convoy. It was not a wise question. The Arab laujjbed, and asked if the English had any particular enmity toth$ Soudanese. 4 Mo,' was the reply. 4 On the contrary, wa wish to be friends with them ' And yet,' said the prisoner, f you have killed twenty thousand of ue in the last £sw moons. When we fight we mean to kill, and wb6n we bunt we mean to kill. Are you net the same ?' There was no denying tbi? ; war is of ceoeesity a game for two to play at, or else it would be sheer murder. He was questioned about Gordon's death, but, tbocgn he was willing enough to talk on the subject, bis information was at third or fourth hand, and did not profess to be per sonal, like the other account. 4 Ah ! that was a man, Gordon Pasha 1' vi fi eel s? Tf vlfl aaIobm J z - axw u« unu UCUkSirU UlliiDCil Q prophet, or the great ebeikh of the Soudan, the Mahdi would have lost all his followers but a few slave hunters, and all would have gathered under Gordon's standard. H9 was just, sod when he said a thing everyone knew that it was true. The Turks were never jus ; they tock bribes, and they sought by word and deed to deceive. Bat Gordon Pasha was the wisest and the most just ruler that ever came into the country, and he feared nothing except to cfiEcnd Allah. The highest tnd the lowest were the same to him, and it was a pity to kill him. There will never be such another.' 1 Why, then, was he murdered ?' The Mahdi knew that be was a rival, end must overthrow him if he oouid, or else ioee his power himself. And he was betrayed by those who bsd sinned against him, and been forgiven, bet did not believe in the forgiveness. And besides that, tr e Mahdi offered them money from the first, and when you got so near Khartoum he increased this to a large sum Bat all this would not have availed if men had known that Gordon was going to remain as their sheikh ; but where was the use of joining a sheikh who was leaving to morrow against another who was sure to stop ?' He was a shrewd fellow, this prisoner of Grady's, and knew how to trim his sails to the prevailing wind. The march of the convoy was slow, as the patients could not bear the jolt of a camel's trot ; and the old medical direction, When taken to be well shaken,' would have been death to most of them, so the halts were fixed at various intermediate wells, where zersbae had been formed and held till the last load had passed, when the defcaobment performing that duty likewise retired. The body of Binke was can fed on to the bivouac for that night, and decently buried there. Oo the following morning the captured Arab was nowhere to be een, and it was at first feared that he bad esaaped in night. But he was scon discovered, the oause of bis disappearance being that be had die- carded his Mahdi uniform, which was cow a little bundle about the size of a cocoa-nut, hanging from a projection of a camel's harness. Such clothing ae he wore fitted Weil, nature herself having measured him for it ; and since he was still a yooEg man, there were no wrinkles in it. You kuow how difficult it is to recognise a fellow if you come upon him down a back-water bathing, and will understeni why the pri- Eener was missed at first. He catne up pre sently and offered to take eerviee, and tend a camel. It appeared to him that he had to go along with the party anyhow, and might as well improve the shining hour and earn a little money. Earlier in the march one of the natives in charge of cazneis had been killed by one of the scattered volleys wbioh every now and then harassed them on their journey, and two others had taken the opportunity of deserting, eo that the new volunteer's ser vices were gladly accepted. And there was the little bundle, ready to be shaken out and put on Bgain should the fortune of war land him to-morrow amongst the adherents of the Mahdi. Quite a man of the world, this Arab. In the course of his long talk with the interpreter the day before, Kavanagb, who was riding at his side, rifle in band, having been made responsible for bis safe custody, heard a name repeated several times which struck him as familiar, and which he yet could not associate with anything in par ticular. 4 Burrachee !' where on earth bad he ever heard the word Borraohee ? He had dreamt it, or fancied it, or was thinking of that word which expresses the taste given to wine by the skin in which it is stored in some places. And he tried to drive it from his head. But that night he was for guard, and while doing his tour of sentry it flashed upon him in a second. Burraohee, the Sheikh Burraohee-— that was the name of the Mohammedan nnole of Harry Forsyth, who lived amongst the Arabs of the Soudan, and to whom Harry meant to have recourse in finding the por tentous will, th9 absence of which was the oause that he, Reginald Kavanagh, was tramping up and down a narrow path under, the stars, with a ehanes of being shoe or sprung upon every minute, instead of being snugly tucked up between the sheets snoring to the nightingales. His mind was easier for having remsm bered the association with the name, but his curiosity was excited to know whether there was .any connection between that and the same word used by the Arab, and he took an early opportunity on the march next day to ask Sergeant Barton to get him the lean of the interpreter for a bit, for tbe interpreter wa® a person of consequence, in his own estimation at least, and not to be lightly appropriated by privates. But tact can do a great deal, and by ap proaching the question in a judicious manner, his services were secured, ad he blandly expressed Mb readiness to put any questions to the ex -prisoner which Kavanagh might desire, and to translate the answers. This was the result in one language. To give the Arabic and then the Eoglieh would involve mere repetition, eo I am sure that you will excuse that. Besides, I could not do it. Q. Do you know the Sheikh Burrachfe V A , ' Yes, everybody knows the Sheikh Barraches.' Q Is he not a foreigner to tbe Srudan ?' A. It is said so. He is rioh. wise, learned, and he is a Trne Believer. But his features are not those of the Turk or of the Arab.' Q. 4 Do you know whether a man cf his race, much younger, has joined bim lately ? A . Truly, yes, I have heard something of such an event. Some say hi® eon, others a man mads by magic by the Bheikh, who is a great magician, and can make ghosts come and go as he commands.' Q, 4 Did you ever hear of any (Kavanagh was regularly bothered to know bow to ask after a legal document like a will, and the interpreter could not help him ; at last he hit on the word Firman) of any Firman the young man was seeking for ?' A. 4 No, ; I have never seen either of them ; I speak from hearsay, and know nnthino rrnro tVia n T h.na 4-.1 A J » — a- «UiU juu. There was nothing more to be got out of Grady's captive. But still, to know that Forsyth had reached his uncle was .something. And the probability was that he was living, for if he had been dead the news would very likely have reached this gossiping Arab. I told you about the missing will in which I have an interest,' Kavanagh said to Sergeant Barton, when all that could had been got out of the Arab. 1 Yes ; and Daireh, the Egyptian, led yoor friend, who Undertook to trace it, a rretty dance out here, and all over the Soudan.' Yes ; well I expect that he has traced bim, for it eeems he is living with this Sheikh Burrachee, as he calls bimeelf, who is as mad as a hatter, and be would not do that without a very strong reason,' 4 Then the man who may be the Irish sheikh's sod, or may be merely a magical llosion, and vanish or torn into a cat some fine morning, is yonr friend, I seppose V eaid Barton. ' Sure to be.' replied Kavanagh, 1 though whether he has found Daireh yet is another question. And if, having found him, he should find the will destroyed or lost after all,' said Barton, I cannot believe in snch ill-luck !' 4 No more should I three months ago,' said Kavanagh ; 4 bat after getting to Khartoum just three days too late I am pre pared for anything. What is the journey undertaken by Forsyth compared to tbe expedition fitted out, the persevering struggle against the forces of Nature, and the oppo sition of hosts of desperate foes for the purpose of rescuing Gordon? And that al. that shoald fail seemed too bad to be pos sible. Yet so it was. I shall always b prepared for the worst for the rest of my life/ Chapter XXII. — Sword veesus Bayonet. After the skirmish which was fatal to poor Sinks, and in which Grady effected his clever eaptnre, tbe convoy had not been annoyed sav6 now and then by a distant shot ; but in the afternoon of the day that Kavanagh got his information about Harry Forsyth, such as it was, out of tbe man Grady had taken prisoner, ballets fell closer again. They had entered a wide valley, and there was water on the south side oi it, near the black rocks. No zereba was found here, possibly beoanae troops conld not be spared fn onoi/) it ny ftin ernsf ma a w V awj -» vu« Viae VUUCIUC1CU WUU near the next wells, or there was good reason to know that there was no force of the enemy of any consequence in the neigh bourhood. Whether it was tho oause or not, this latter fact was probably the case, but there were individual sharp-shooters about who were inclined to make themselves a nuisance. Perched high np among fantastic blocks of stone, which would have tempted an artist to draw ut his sketch-book, they got ex cellent shots at the party below them, and as there was no chance of a return, they being entirely concealed, and their presence merely indicated by the little puffs of white smoke which spurted out here and there, there was nothing to disturb their- aim. For nothiog spoils a rifleman's shooting like being ex posed to accurate fire itself, which waB pro bably the reason why duellists who could perform wonders in the shooting gallery used so often to miss each other at twelve paces in the days of single combat, when George the Fourth was Regent. The range, however, was a long one, and the fire plunging, or perpendicular. Now horizontal fire bas this characteristic, that if a ballet misses one objeat it goes straight on and may strike another, or it may pass through a fleshy substance which does not offer too great resistance, and strike another beyond _ But a plnnging fire, if it misses the object aimed at, goes into the ground and is harmless. - And so it happened that no mischief was done for some time, though several ballets osme thudding down in the miost of men and camels. At length, with the fatality which seemed throughout this campaign to attend upon non-ocmb&i;&ncs;, a shot struck a poor Egyptian camel driver on tbe neek, passing through his spine, and shortly after wards- surgeon was whonded in the foot; There did not Seem flo be more than two or three riflemen firing at them, but they were far above the average in markmanehip, , and more dangerous at & distance than a ' soore of ordinary soldierB of the Mahdi. Six j men, of whom Kavanagh was one, were told 1 off to dislodge them ; not more, because they would certainly retire before a strong body, and return, when they withdrew from the pursuit, to their former positions and practice. Indeed, the officer who went with the six thought that number too numerous to show, and advanced in front with a file only, while the others had orders to creep np ion the flanke, concealing themselves entirely if possible. Those in front got fired at several times as they scaled the rocks, but to hit a email object shifting behind cover was far beyond the Arabs' skill yet, though they had made a vast improvement, and the risk of ad vancing upon them in this way was not great. And when the two men had got within a ouple cf hundred yards of the nearest -Arab's lurking-plaoe, the officer called to them to halt, keep under cover, and if they got a cbanae, or even if they didn't to fire, his object being to keep them amused while the flankers gained higher ground, and obtained fair shots at them. Bat cne of those in front was Macintosh, for whom the wilful waste of a ballet was almost an impossibility, frugality and mark, manship combining to render tbe task painful to bis feelings. Ha prided himself on his shooting, and did not like even to appear to make a mies. Not able to catch a glimpse of a foe where he was, be crept thirty yards higher, to a nice flat stons just breast high, which commanded a much wider view. But still he could see nothing to shoot at, eo he exposed himself, standing fairly up. Pat ! came a ball against a rook five yards on his right ; it would not do for Wimbledon that. 4 Eh I tbey mast practice a wee bit afore they challenge tbe Scoltieh team !' mur mured Macintosh, as he dropped on one knee behind tbe stone over which he held his Martini- Henrv at the read v. his eve beinc fixed on tbe spot tbe shot came from. Tbe Arab probably thought that he had dropped his man, fcr he raised his bead and shoulders above the cover to look. That was the opporturity Macintosh was waiting for. He had him covered in a moment, his ri&9 was as steady and motionless as if it grew out of the rock itself. His finger pressed the trigger, and the Arab he aimed at fell forward, his arms hanging over the rocky parapet, the Remington falling from his hands. When they examined his body afterwards, It was found that tbe ballet bad struck him in the exact centre of tbe forehead, 4 1 am sorry for the pair mon, but it was an unco' good shot !' was the complacent remark of Macintosh as he contemplated bis handiwork But that was later on. At the time be fired he remained still, looking out for anotber chance. The other man had taken what he ivae told more literally, and fired once or twice at spots from which flashes had issued, without a hope of hitting anything but stones, and uncertain, Indeed, whether the Arab who had last fired was still there or had shifted his quarters. And shots were fired baok, principally at the officer, who showed his head as he peered about, trying to see how his men were getting on. Meantime, the files on the flanks were climbing cunningly, Kavanagh being one of the two men on the right, nntil they got rather above the level of the Arabs in ambush, and a man on the left got the first shot. The Arab was lying down, peering to his front, and afforded a steady aim, not fifty yards off. It was almost impossible to miss him, unless she marksman were flurried, and the soldier was as cool as if on parade, and hit him in the baok, between the shoulder-blades ; that made two. The last report showing they were enfiladed, three other Arabs bolted from their hidiog-plaoes and made for the higher ground. Bang I bang ! bang 1 went the rifles from below and each side j there they were still, active as monkeys, darting between and over the fantastic boulders ; bang ! bang ! as they reappeared, without effeofc. Then five rifles exploding together, like a volley, as a retreating Arab paused, and turned to fire a shot back ; and this time the bullets found a billet, for he sank down in a heap- The other two got away, in spite of the leaden invitations to stop sent after them. Directly the first flanking shot was beard, tbe officer in front cried 4 Forward !' to the two men with him, Macintosh and the other and all three pushed np amongst the rocks. As they worksd up higher, the surface of the mountain side became so rbgged that they could not keep sight of eaoh other, and hunt about in a satisfactory manner at the sam6 time, While firing was going on, indeed, they had a guide as to the direction of their friends, but when that ceased, they were somewhat more scattered and isolated than prudenoe dictated. But prudenoe is apt to be forgotten in the ex citement of a hunt, and a man-hunt is the most thrilling of all chases. They searched 'about, with bayonets fixed, and fingers ou trigger guards, expecting an antagonist behind each new rook. Kavanagh, making for a point where he last saw the end of a bernouse vanishing, wandered further than the others, perhaps, and came suddenly on a bole is the side of the rook. Not & n&torai; fissure, but evi dently a man-made doorway ; oval, with carved pillars at the aides, and an insorip tion over the door. Kavanagh'a first impalse was to go in, hie seoond one not to. Why, there might be an army inside. But by the time the risk occurred to bim he was through the portals, and he was afraid of turning, -not knowing what was behind him. So he took a pace to his rear, still locking into : the interior, and holding his xifl.3 at tbe j ready. \ It was by no means dark inside, though coming out- of the iuten&e; glare it seemed so at tbe fitet moment. But light oame in from openings high up, showing a chamber which would not contain an army, but was of handsome dimensions for all that, and empty. Empty to ail appearance, eo far as human beings were concerned that is, bnt ! inhabited by Stone heraeB ott ho use t. There IheyMl, solemn and gigantio, headless of the lapse cf ages, staring into the future with blind eyes, The walls and the bases of the statues were covered with hieroglyphics, which wonid no doubt have told all about them to officials of the British Museum not present. (TO BH COKTIKUHD) 