FRUIT, VEGETABLES, tic. We notice that Mr. Jas. Northam has commcnced in the above line of business m the store next tin'. AiiStn/iifiii Hotel, Wing ham. This supply for the town will be a great boon, as hitherto the opportunity for obtaining these necessary foods has been exceedingly intermittent. CUJJDLSTOWN SCHOOL OF A3.TS, The general meeting of the Oundiotown school of arts was held on Friday, 24th June, and was well attended. In the absence of the president and vice-president, Mr. E. Collins was voted to the chair. After the minutes had been read, the secretary informed the meeting that a debate had been arranged between three of the debaters of the Winghain school of arts and a like number of the Cundle school of arts : to be chosen by the members. Messrs. Edwards, McClintock and Melville were the choice of the meeting, who were elected in the order named. The subject, of debate is to be:—"That it is undesirable, that the suffrage be extended to women.'' The debate be held at Wingham—the Cundle del^atea to open, with, right of reply. The chairman then announced that the business of the evening was a debate;—" That trial by jury should to be retained." A very lively discussion then took place between the contending parties —Mr. Edwards opening in the affirmative, and Air. Sherwood, as leader of the Opposition, in the negative. Mr. Smith and Mr. Collins spoke with the Ministry, and Mr. G. Lee- with the Oppflsition. On the motion being put, it was discovered that the majority of the house was with the Ministry. The Premier then announced that the business for next meeting would be the election of officers for the ensuing half-year. The meeting adjourned till 7.30 on Friday, 1st July. "PLACE AUX DAMES." Mr. Hurley, member for Hartley, speaking in the Assembly during the considerrtion of the Estimates, charged the Sergeant at-Arms with having made an unwarrantable use of his position by bringing so many of his friends to listen to the debates that the seats behind the Speaker's chair set apart for members of the Legislative Council were frequently so monopolised by others that members of the Upper Chamber were deprived of the accommodation to which they had a right when desirous of hearing the debates in the Assembly. Mr. Abbott defended the Sergeant-at-Arms from the attack made up- on him by Mr. Hurley, and said that he felt sure that that official was in no way responsible for those seats being so crowded. The Speaker a'so defended the Sergeant-at-Arms, and took upon himself the entire resposibility for the manner in which the seats in question were occupied. He admitted that he had, perhaps, been too liberal in acceding to hon. members' requests for " tickets' for their lady and other friends, but explained how difficult it was or would be for him to refuse. Mr. R. B. Smith and Mr. Allen pleaded for place aiix dames, and referred in courteous terms to the beneficial influence on hon. members of the presence of ladies. Mr. Smith mentioned the Queensland Assembly Chamber, where a gallery is set a- part specially for ladies. The tone of the discussion and the cheers that followed indicated that hon. members would feel themselves more under control if more ladies, ladies watched the proceedings. The "HQRSE-POWER" of the Sun. From human history we know that for several thousand years the sun has been giving heat and light to the earth as at piesent ; possibly with some considerable fluctuations, and possibly with some not very progressive variation. The records of agricultnre, and the natural history of plants and animals with the time of human history, abound with evidence that there has been no exceedingly great change in the intensity of the sun's heat and light within the lsst three thousand years ; but for all that there may have been variations of quite as much as 5 or 10 per cent., as we may judge from considering that the intensity of the solar radiation to the earth is per cent greater in January than in July ; and neither at the Equator or in the Northern or Southern Hemispheres has this difference been discovered by experience or general observation of any kind. But as for the mere age of the sun, irrespective of the question of uniformity, we have proof of something vastly more than three thsusand years in geological history, with its irrefragable evidence of continuity of life on the earth in time past for tens of thousands, and probably for millions of years. " /iV Here, then, we have a splendid subject for contemplation and research in natural philosophy, or physics, the science of dead matter. The sun, a mere piece of matter of the moderate dimensions which we know it to have, bounded all around by cold ether, has been doing work at the rate of four hundred and seventy-six thousand million million million horsepower for 3,000 years, and at possibly more, and certainly not much less than for a few million years. How is this to be explained ? Natural philosophy cannot evade the question, and no physicist who is not engaged in trying to answer it can have any other justification than that his whole working time is occupied with work on some other subject or subjects of his province by which he has more hope of being able to advance science. After leaving the wharf at Taree on Wednesday morning last, when opposite the yard of the Windsor Castle Hotel, some of the lodgers noticed unusual activity on the part of the captain, and came to the conclusion that he was doing a polka on the bridge ; and soon after they observed that the Rosedale was stationery—and then they exchanged glances. She had struck bottom, being, it appears, a little too near the bank— and fearing that she might miss the tide, the good captain was saying his prayers backwards. All's well that ends well," and after a detention of some two hours, the steamer was again underway, and j crossed out during the afternoon.—TIMES. ' SUNDAY LECEURES A petition is going the rounds of the districts. and is being iargeh* signed, praying the Legislature to uphold the decision of the G-overnment in closing the theatres on Sunday. IMPUTATION Mr. Ilerkee, who represents the Upper Manning on the deputation to the Government on the matte!* of the North Coast Railway, left for Sydney overland on Friday. U M A SOCIETY'S ELECTION The ballot papers are now distributed for the election of the new committee of" management for the above society. Votets are requested to return them completed by Fri- day next, the 8th inst. At the latest they must be in the hands of the secretary by 2 p.m. on Saturday the 9th. The envolopes should also be endorsed " Ballot paper." OFFICIAL CORRESPONDHNCB. Departmnet of Public Works, (Roads under Trustees), Sydney, June 25, 1887. GENTLBMEH,—With reference to your letter of the 13th instant, I have now the honor to inform you that the Secretary for Public Wor s h s appro'- e 3 of a sum of £200 being granted i'or expenditure by the local Roads Officer on the road from Rocky Crossing to Bobin Flat. I hart the hooer to be, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, JOHN RAE, Uuder Sec. The Hon. C. J. Roberts, M.P., Postmaster- General ; and the Hon. J. H. Young, M.P., Speaker. [COPY.] Department of Public Works, Sydney, 28th June, 1887. SIE,—In compliance with your request, made personally, I om directed to inform you that the Secretary for Public Works will receive the deputation of persons interested in the construction of the north coast railway on Friday, the 8th proximo, at 11.30 a.m. 1 have the honor to be, Sir, Your obedient servant, A SHOCKING AFFAIR. A tragic occurrence is reperted from Redhill 5(S.A.) A man named Henry Holland had been making advances to the daughter of a farmer named M'Gilton. The parents were averse to any match of the kind. On Monday, when M'Gilton was out, Holland rushed into the house and felled Mrs. M'Gilton with a heavy blow. The daughter rushed to her mother's assistance, but was immediately seized by the murderous wretch. He drew a razor from his pocket, and holding her with one arm attempted to cut her throat. She struggled violently in his grasp, and managed to evade an immediately fatal stroke. But she received a terrible gash on the baek of the neck ; also several severe cuts on the arm. The blood flowed profusely forth from the wound in the neck, and the would-be murderer, thinking that he had accomplished his purpose, dropped the senseless girl, rushed out of the house, and cut his own throat. He died instantly. Miss M'Gilton's life hangs b) a thread. MR. LAGERLOW. If any person who has received notice of Assessment under the Pastures and Stock Protection Act will forward the same to F. O. Lagerlow, together with the amount of Assessment in postage stamps with 5 % added for exchange, 6d. for registration, and Is. his fee, he will forward the amount to the secretary for the Board and be responsible for its safe delivery. Every remittance received by F. O. L. will be promptly acknowledged. TO DISTRIBUTE THE THE GOVERNMENT UNEMPLOYED. DEFEATED. Mr. Copeland moved—"That this House will, on Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole to consider the following resolution :—That, in the opinion of this House, a sum of £250,000 should be placed on an additional Estimate for expenditure on the roads of the colony through the usual official channels, with the object of providing legitimate work for the unemployed.'"' He said that hitherto most of the money had been spent in the vicinity of Sydney, and the countrp districts were well entitled to a share of this kind of expenditure. The men themselves' were best adapted for roal-making, and the country would get the best return for its money. The apportioning of the sum among various districts would create a demand for labour, and would draft the unemployed all over the country. Every part of the colony would be benefitted by having the roads put in proper state, and certainly they ~were now in a shocking state. Mr. Garrett said the Government had an earnest desire to get the roads in order. The road votes for the year were in hand, and in course of being expended with the greatest possible expedition. The roads were in a bad state, but not as bad as to require the expenditure of the large sum now proposed. Mr. Lyne held that it would be real economy to spend the large sum named in the motion. The unemployed would be distributed in the interior, and good and useful work be done. Mr. Haynes said the epjployment of this labour only near Sydney'was.a rank injustice to the country, but the present Opposition, who were loudest in complaint, originated the evil. He supported the resolution. Mr. Creer never knew the roads to be in such a wretched state as they are now. Thousands of pounds had real!}? been thrown away by careless work and mere "patchingup." This was a proposal that no country member, could with justice vote against. Mr. Hurley thought the work of decentralisation might well be begun, by getting the unemployed to clear sites for model farms and schools for agriculture, cutting canals, improving roads, «fcc. Mr. Waddell considered the motion a most reasonable one. After some further discussion the motion was carried on the voices. ROAD, MARLEE-BQBIN. Our Marlee and Bobin friends will be glad to learn tint a special grant of £200 for the toad from Rocky C.«ossing to Bobin has been obtained by our members, Messrs. Young u.ud Roberts THE BERMAGUI MYSTERY. Cobargo, Tuesday. This morning Sub-Inspector Casey received telegrams from the Inspector-General of Police, stating that he thought it advisable that an inquest should be held, and that the bones should afterwards be forwarded to Sydney. Mr. Fosbery also sent instructions for a further examination of the mound, but, although iiM-n were employed all the afternoon in digging and have gone down several feet further down, only a few small bones, much decayed, were round. Mr. Morrisett telegraphed to Sub- Inspector Casey that Mr. Cannsdell, formerly Coroner here, states that in 1351 four sailors were suffocated by charcoal fumes on board a ketch here, and were buried in the vicinity; but those who remember the occurrence say that this took place in the Wagonga River, 20 miles north of this, and that the bodies were buried there. Mr. Peden, the coroner, arrived here this afternoon, and Dr. Evershed has been telegraphed for to couie to-morrow, when an inquest will be held. Sub-Inspector Casey has telegraphed to Mr. Fosbery ihat he still has no doubt that the remains are those of Aboriginals. THE SUPPOSED MURDERER. Some time previous to the Bermagui mystery a civil servant was in the Mines Department at Sydney who was continually boasting about his^xploits in the Franco-Prussian war, where h&alieg; d he had served, an 1 also his ability to take any duty in the field. At his earnest solicitation he was appointed a field man with Mr. Lamont Young, when that gentleman undertook the geological examination of that district during the gold rush there which took'place in 1881. The man in question was detached by Mr. Young for field duty, who very speedily discovered, however, what a real duffer he had to deal with, and that all his boasted abilities were worthless. Even when sent but a short distance from the camp he invariably lost his way in the bush and failed to discover it. Mr. Young finding the man utterly worthless, as a field man, returned him to the department in Sydney. During the time he remained there he was noticed by some of the officials to assume the most defiant and vindictive demeanor when Mr. Yogng happened to be present, thereby evincing a most treacherous and revengeful disposition. On one or two occasions he was discovered behind the screens of the office assuming a bellicose attitude towards Mr. Young, and subsequently he was noted for his ghastly relations of scenes that he alleged he had wicnessed on the battle field, apparently enjoying with great zest the excruciating suffering experienced by those who were pierced with bayonets. That he was a very unprincipled man, especially in monetary matters, was gathered from the fact that he borrowed an instrument from a fellow civil servant, promising to return it in a few days, which however he failed to do until theatened with exposure. From enquiries subsequently made it was ascertaided that the absence of the instrument was to be accounted for by the fact that it had been detained by one of the " three ball " fraternity. Some time after, the civil servant in question again jmanaged to rejoin Mr. Young's party, and he was supposed to be with its members when the party was missed. At least such was the general impression. Strange to say, however, within two or three days of the mysterious disappearance of Mr. Young and his party either the " soldier " or his ghost was recognised in the streets of Melbourne by a gentlemen who knew liim well. Thinking that he might be mistaken, the gentleman followed him, but he speedily disappeared round a corner, and up to the present time his whereabouts is a mystery. The feeling in that gentleman's breast was that this mysterious individual must have mnrdered Mr. Young and the remainder of his party from motives of revenge, and that he subsequently buried the whole of the bodies. Had he left even one of the party alive the inference remains that his guilt would have betn discovered. It is supj.o ed that the murderer than made across country to the Southern line, which was by no means difficult to accomplish, and that he then proceeded by train to Melbourne which would account for his being seen so shortly after the disappearance of Mr. Young and his party, and furthermore that from Melbourne he took the first available opportunity on board a vessel leaving Australia. It is understood that the police are in possessi od of the circumstances related above, and that no scone will be left unturned to discover the whereabouts of the supposed criminal in order to bring him to justice. THE PRODUCE DEPOT The Minister for Works and others on the morning of Tuesday last went to Darling harbour for the purpose of viewing the proposed site for the produce depot. They examined the locality and found a building under the present new meat market, which is believed to be admirably adapted for the pur- poses of a produce depot. The situation is a good one so far as railway facilities are concerned, and it is believed that without incurring any expense beyond the sum of .£5000 it could be converted into a buiding well adapted for the purposes for which it is required. Travelling carriages .will be erected to admit of the easy and quick removal of the produce either from the railway trucks to the store or to the drays &c.; Mr. Haynes, M.P., has undertaken to submit a proposal of terms for cheap storage, display and means of sale of the produce. This step will be a really great boon to the farming community, SELECTIONS. The following selections were taken up at the Land Office, Taree, on Thursday last, 30th June, 1887:—40 acres, Kiilabakh Creek, Thomas Downton ; 50 acres, Topi Topi, John Woodward; 40 acres, Koppin Yarratt Creek, Patrick Baulman ; 40 acres, Wallamba River, James Smith; 60 acres, Upper Camden Haven, John Stinson; 100 acres, Stoney Creek, near Wingham, Sydney Parkinson Bussell; 50 acres, Salters Bay, Isaac West. THE BOURKE ABDUCTION CASE. Bourke, Monday. Judge Backhouse opened the Quarter Sessions here this morning. Father Iiuggard, who was concerned in the Bourke Convent abduction case, failed to appear when called on. In ordering his bail to be ostreated, the Judge said ft seemed as if Father Huggard had applied for leave to appeal to the Privy Council, for the purpose of allowing himself time to escape. , Father D. O'lvennedy, of Carcoar, and J. C. Keane, storekeeper, of Nyngan, then paid £100 eacli as bail mouey. THE JUDAIC JUBILEE. To thoughtful people one of the most interesting ceremonies connected with the Jubilee was the Special Service held at the Synagogue on Sunday last. There is. something singularly impressive in the Jewish ritual, not so much from the forms employed, with which divers modern imitations have more or less familiarised us. but from the exceeding antiquity which makes these forms venerable. Few can without emotion come for the first time into contact with a religion which was already ancient in the days of Herodotus. Few can realize, without silent awe, that they are witnessing ceremonies coeval with the Pharaohs, which have persisted while empires rose and fell, which have survived dynasties and races, defied odium, persecution, and the fortunes of a wandering race, and which call forth as lively faith in this 19th century in a New World, as they did, fifteen centuries B.C., in that Eastern nook where they took root. Listening to the grand old Hebrew language, watching the devotions of a people who have preserved their Asiatic lineaments through the lapse of centuries, all differences of creed vanish, and the " outsider " is only conscious of infinite reverence for the selfpreserving power of a religion and race which neither Time nor Change can touch. A thanksgiving service therefore, offered up by these " peculiar people " in gratitude for the beneficent reign under which they lived, seemed a striking tribute to the power and wisdom of Queen Victoria's rule, and the British Sovereign has probably had no more touching evidence of loyalty than that of these Australian subjects of ancient linage who, while true to the faith of their persecuted sires, thanked God, in the words of their Rabbi, for having placed a godly woman in authority over them. The choral service, under the direction of Mr. Sydney Moss, was admirably interpreted, the orchestra specially distinguishing*itself : the solo singers were, however, patently suffering from a nervousness, which somewhat affected their voices. All the chaunts were in Hebrew, but pamphlets conttiling a tran lation of the service were distributed, and two prayers, that for the Queen and Royal Family, and that of the Rabbi, were rendered in English. The first, carefully and delicately chaunted by Rabbi and choir in alternation, was very effective, introducing an air from Queen Elizabeth's Virginal Book, while when the names of the Queen and Royal Family were brought in, " God Save the Queen " was heard as if faintly whispered by the orchestra Rabbi Davis's able discourse, spoken in English, had two not worthy features.. At the present time, when evil-minded cowards make politics a pretext for slander, and, sheltered by their own insignificance, utter against a woman in an exposed and defenceless position the libels which they woald not dare to invent against an equal, it is refreshing to find one who is himself " in authority " grounding his regaid for the Queen not so much on her power as Sovereign, as on her influence as Woman. The domestic virtues of Queen Victoria were insisted upon as forming the peculiarly strong bond of sympathy between herself and her people And again, in these days of prevalent discontent and coveteousness, it is refreshingly novel to light on a people who gratefully " count up their mercies" and who, instead of repining at what they lack, rejoice over what they have. " None have more reason than the Jews to be grateful to Queen Victoria," quoth the Rabbi, as he'carefully enumerated the blessings which had accrued to his race under her reign, chief among whick stands the removal of political disabilities. The sermon, which was in great part historical, beginning with an appropriate reference to the Judaic Jubilee Year, left all hearers firmly impressed with the sentiment of the speaker that " there are no greater patriots than the Jews despite all that Professor Baldwin Smith asserts to the contrary." The large congregation proved the interest taken in the Jubilee service, and strangers, received every courtesy.—Sunday News. MILITARY MARRIAGES IN FRANCE The military Marriage in France is a serious affair. It is said that 15 years of peace has developed a craving after the conjugal state among young officers, but the ridiculous obstacles and formalitie e surrounding the ceremony are a formidabls barriei to any officer wishing to marry. Having made up his mind on the subject (which however has little to do with it) he informs his colonel of his intentions. The colonel passes the word on to the War Office, and it at lei gth is put before the Minister. The first thing then to be clone is to find out if the young lady concerned fulfils the requirements the law, which lays down that she must have an irreproachable moral character, and a dot worth a yearly revenue of 10,000f. The unfortunate young man's application begins to descend the ladder of officialdom until it reaches the officer commanding the gendarmerie in the district wMe're the officers finanee resides. It is the i passed to a gendarme who is commis- sioned to enquire into the young lady's moral character. He proceeds cautiously as a detective. Should he happen to know the father of the demoiselle inclicatfccl he goes and sees him ; if not he culls his information from i he neighbours. He will even follow her when she goes to theatres or entertainments. Having finished his investigations he draws up a report on strictly police court lines wherein he talks of the young ladv, not as mademoiselle but as Jille. Off goes the document on its way upward through the bureau and red tape, until it gers to the War Minister. Should the conditions be fulfilled the officer is permitted to marry. If not, he must renounce his intentions. If the fiancee has morality, but not moliey, it must be raised before a union is sanctioned. «'£)fficers with means frequently provide th&m;>t secretly themselves. It is needless to s% there is not the same rigorous inquiry^ into the moral charactar of the officers. MRS. SHOESMITH. This patient, our readers will he pleased to know, is progressing favourably since the amputation of her leg by Dr. Cameron. AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. The annual meeting of the members of the U. M. Agricultural Association will be held on the 9th July, at 2 p.m. It is to be hoped that a large number will assemble, as it is only at these meetings, unless at others specially convened, that the members have an opportunity of taking an active p.rt iu the affairs of the society. SALE OF PROPERTY. We direct attention to the sale of Mrs. J- Martin'-s property, at CLatam, «.n Satur:!; y next, by Mr. J. J. Herkes, auctioneer. Ine sale commences at 2 p.m. JOHN RAE. R. B. Smith, Esq., M.P. 