ffltmrtbs, Theatre. Garner s. Pleasant. Bowling Club. J ubilee music. Stern necessity. Synod next week. General Assembly. That peripatetic ghost. South Australian loan safe. Singers squeezing for seats. In the throes of loan-floatiag. Insurance Companies' picnic. Professor Ives in a quandary. Two into one won't go, Joshua, Barometer at noon to-day, 30*10. Oh, Christian, come to Cradock, The Merkis is now sorry he spoke, Nothing like being in time, Paddy. P, & O. mail to England to morrow. The borrower is servant to tbe lender. Who summoned the Jury by mistake ? Station in Queenland stuck up by blacks. P. B. C. wants to wake np the old fossils. Who will win in the Afghan Tug of Wax ! Tasmanian wheat yield nearly 17 bushelf. What a glorious day the children will have, Mr. Cogbn is taking time by the forelock. W. H. Sellar has friend Matthew on the hip. The children's demonstration will C0B| £5C3. The labour po-szleat the Northern Terri* toiy. Autonomy of .New Hebrides to be maintained. Melbourne timber trade wants more protection. Federated cooks and stewards now on tha bounce. P. & 0\. steamer Clyde quarantined at Albany. Good colonial beer sold under the name of hop beer. Pearling fleet disaster not so bad as at first reported. Greater Britain ruling the roost at the big Convention. Sir Graham's fieiy speech has converted the Marquis. That new loan will carry us over th« Jubilee year. How long [will our new loan keep the wolf from the door ? How many College boys will be in that demonstration ? Afghan troubles not settle^"aftsr alL Both sides unyielding. Most children of the colony receive religions instruction. A charge is not? made for admission to tha Magill Waterfalls. Fancy the cake and buns those 13,093 children will consume. Albany to be fortified with the latest modern armament. Thunderer now siding with the Delegates on Pacific business. Dinner to be provided for 2,C30 poor at the Jubilee celebration. Chinese loafing vagabonds now swarming in Northern Territory. Plucky Western Australia has come out handsomely re Albany. Cigars not allowed at Windsor Castle, mind, Messrs. Delegates. A -ether snarl in Melbourne Scots Kirkover a wedding this time. Is it not a waste of the rates to spend £5C3 in entertaining strangers ? The colonial delegates are doing the bosBing at the Conference after all. South Australian wines to be excluded fron Exhibition refreshment bars! Live Chinaman, who bad ten spears stickinein him, arrived at Bo wen. The candid friends of the colony have an opportunity to depreciate the stock. Ihe Kent Town Wesleyans raised £30 at their school anniversary last Sunday. Sun rose at 6.40 &.m.; sets at 5.13 p.m. Moon set at 2.29 a.m.; rises at 3.19 p.m. Who has been hoodwinking the Inspector of Stock as to the stocking oi N.T. lauds ? Freezing stations are contemplated aii Alice Springs as well as the Adel^'de River. How will the Mayor secure the attendance at the Jubilee dinner of the deserving poor? One vocalist said he could sing the low C. The Professor still wishes to hear him sing it. A licence is charged for permission to se\I flowers at the railway stations on the Hills line. Imperial delegates to lunch with the Queen. Deportment masters having a good time. What a nice job Professor Ives will have in picking out 200 singers out of 403 volunteers. All the available local musical talent will beat the Blind Asylum consert to-morrow, night. Alderman Kither will contribute a Bullock (not his fellow Alderman) to the Jubilee dinner. Lay preaching and admirable organization is the secret of the strength ot the Methodists. Norwood and St. Peters Corporations toa hard up to spend any of the lates on Jabilee glorifications. Not a word about a gHss of beer to the 2,000 at the Jubilee dinner. The Mayor Kill look after that. That procession of children will materially, interfere with the attendance at the services in the Churches. All sorts and conditions of women attended the Town Hall yesterday to gratify a proverbial curiosity. Lady—"Oh, Professor, I can conduct the cantata myself." Professor — " We only, want one conductor." While our Adelaide capitalists are offering their services to Sydney, Teetulpa is being gained by Victorians. "A Mother" wants to know if Queen's weather will be guaranteed by Mr. Todd for the children's festival. Some prospcct of confusion if religious services are held while the children's demon-, stration is proceeding. Another lady played the organ in a Church for several years, but waB completely floored when asked to define J time. The Port Labour Societies should remember that power can only be retained by the exercise of sound judgment. The Port Corpoiiiion could not miss the chance of telling Her Majesty that Port Adelaide is the chief port of the colony. Rev. J.E.1, Woods does not believe that the same quantity of mineral veins can be found on any equal area as in the Northers Teiritoiy. A hint to the wise—The dear boys and girls who don't go to Sunday School should remember the prospect of a treat and medal on Jubilee Day. If ex-Moderator Gordon would like to secure the success of the Methodists he must be prepared to admit more freely the lay. element to tbe pnlpit. Would it 'not be wise for ministers to strengthen their Sunday-schools with tha energy expended in fretting about Bibla reading in State schools ? Tell a woman that a matter is simple Pnd common, and she treats it with contempt; but mention that it is a mysteiy and a secret, and her interest is unbounded. A good day's work—Religious services in several of the Churches, a children's demonstration on Montefiore Hill, and a public dinner to the poor in the Exhibition Building. Quotation for to-day—London Invention* Exhibition opened, 1885:— She calls the nsefel many forih; Plain plodc"ng indrrtry and sober worth: Thence peasants, fatmers, native sons of eyth, And merchan^se' whole genus take their birth. Privileges of Hiuh Rank.—Railway Gatesman—" It's agin the rules, my lady, openia o' the gate like this: but it a'n't for the likes 1 o' me to keep yer ladyBhip waitin'." Noble Countess (whose carriage is now between the gates on the rails}—*' Why is it against the l ales, my good man t" Railway Gatesman— " Well, my lady, the 5.17 dona express has been doo these ten minutes."—London Punch. In the Dominion of Canada they are goins <nto the Jubilee preparations with a will. At Halifax an Ait School is to be built in commemoration of the event, and the foundationstone of a new City Hall is to be laid during the festivities. St John, New Brunswick, will bnild a Free Public library by way ot memorial. Naval and military review! and an international yacht race will be held aft Halifax. 