All Souls C.E., Lefeiiiiardt. On Saturday afternoon the memorial stone of All Souls Parsonage was laid by the Mayoress of Sydney (Mrs. A. J. Eiley), in the presence of a large number of the residents of the district. Previous to the laying of the stone a short service was held in the church by the in cumbent (Eev. Thos. Holme), assisted by the fievs. Canon Moreton and Baber. The Eevs. Styles and Smith were robed within the commu nion rails. Tbe sermon was preached by the Eev. C. Baber, from the words ' Except the Lord build the house they labor in vain that build it.' At the conclusion of the service an adjournment w&s; made to the parsonage site adjoining the church, on which was erected a commodious platform for the convenience of the choir, clergy, and other invited guests. Mr. Coward, of Coward and Bell (the architects for the parsonage) presented the Mayoress with a very handsome myall mallet and silver trowel suitably en graved, with which she declared the stone to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The incumbent then called on Mr. J. S. Hawthorne, M.L.A., who delivered a very eloquent and practical address, in which he spoke' of the past praiseworthy work done by the pastor and people of All Souls, as was plainly shown by the adjoining handsome church and echoolhouse. He appealed for continued zeal and liberality in connection with the new parsonage, which they hoped soon to see occupied by their respected pastor and his family. A collection was then taken, and a goodly sum obtained. The Benediction was pronounced, after which cheers were called for, and heartily given, to the Mayor and Mayoress, the Eev. Mr. and Mrs. Holme, and 'our member/' Mr. Hawthorne, M.L.A. An invitation was given to the guests and prominent church workers to partake of some refreshments at the pastor's residence. There were athletic sports and banquets in Brussels to celebrate the Queen' Jubilee. ? Summerfield and Company direct the attention of their lady patrons to many bargains in their stock taking- clearance. Not a draper's sale, remember; but simply a clear out of the balance -of winter lines previous to stocktaking. We never keep goods two seasons. The boys' school suits at 5s lid and 7b 6d in Btronff dark tweeds, lined throughout, axe not to be-had elsewhere. For big boys and youths a very good lino of trousers suits at 18s 9d. Overcoats, big -and little, at any price. Tbe great juvenile out fitters.. Sammerfield and Co. — 33. ' Operates like a cuaxm. — J±azeline ifill relieve a burn like magic. It stops the bleeding and pain of piles at once ; 5tcnects iioeinorslrage from the lunge, stomach, kidneys, &c;, .when nothing -else will. It is par excellence in catarrh, and re:ieves soreness, bruises, sprains, &c.;( in en uutant.— 47 I 