«T ET NOT YOUR nEAiTii J-i TROUBLED." Dtt 1 A SER1IOK by the Rev. C. II. SrUr.Cl'OV | "Let not your henrt he troubled. Tchcii... . .. 1 hellcre also In Uc. In my .Father's henl l4> msn.ion. s It ii were uot .0, I woulj have 1 Igoto prepare a place (or you Ana ii i-V " I prepare » pl.ee for j ou, I vrjll come La i f.. ",1 I ccive you unto My sell, that uhtrc I am ihtf.r.V 3 l.vmTrreC« «« I wero men of llhe passions wiui oursclrca" i H known many a poor sinner pluck up o-e „ V. , " 9 otuerrcd tho sins and strucelcs of :lic«. «r. B saved by Rrace, and I have Known man,"'ol the !,'! 1 of Itearcn find coniolntlon as llicy have ob vriej ! ," 1 hnjicrfect holnss like Ihcmrelvcs' have prcValka i?,t 1 God in prayor, and have been delivered in ilitir fe! ,1 I dhtrcss. I am very glad that the apesihs we? r jtcrfect men ; they would then have underetud >w Si Jesus said at once, and wc shonld have lest our W,' » Inrtroctlve cnplanntlons; Ihey would abo toe 7? B abovo the trouble of jnlnd, and then the Mom- V.!, ? 9 not lm;c sald to tl»cm these coUlcu wtrds >'1?. . 9 your heart be troubled." 1 c S It is, however, most evident from onr text th - t -t . 9 not Bccordlng to our Lord's mind that ?nr cf ij , \«r 9 Tftnta should be troubled In heart. He takes »o drV-V." 9 In tho doubt and disquietude of His peoiilr \vi.-, V 9 saw that because of what He had said to t'icra « m 9 bad filled the hearts of lUs apostles, lie nle&dcd; wi-h 9 them In great love, and best usht them to t« ffm 9 furled. As when a mother comforteth hu S 9 cr.ed, "Let not your heart be troubled." JuasWh 9 the same to you, my frieud, If you arc cnc tf lli»d.:»r 9 cariones. He would not have you sad. " Ccrr.l-'tTP 8 comfort ye my people; apeak ye comfortably I'o'jcr. 8 aiiluui," in a command ercn of the olddijr.-is-t PT 9 and 1 am qulto sure that. under this ciiorir YcuVin 8 tie Lord would have His people free from h<ar» r. v 9 Has not tho Holy Ghost especially u:idtr:sX('n 9 work of comfort in order that it may bo t U.c- .V f 9 douc'r Trials depress the hearts of God's chll.mrf k- 9 which the most tender ministry falls to filfc'ii Vr'. 9 elation, and then it it most sweet for the faiilr.r c c- 9 foiter to remember the unfahing Coaifortin ti j «0 9 commit tho ease of the sorrowful spirit into the C'srt 9 h-uds. Seeing that one Person of the blctd Tir -V 9 ttas uud.TUkun to le the Ccraforttr. wc see fccvhs- 9 portnni It Is that our hearts should be rilled wai; c- 9 ,oiUin. liappy religion In which U is our duty to '" 9 glad I Blessed gospel by which wc are fortWdm :o P 9 troubled in heart. " g| It Is not a thing greatly to be odrched that \l» 9 Lo:d Jesus should tiilnk so carefully cf His friir.ds s; 9 -ucliatimo? Great iKi-sonal sorroMsuay vtl) tc ca 9 excuse if the griefs or others are ymevhst err- 9 rooked. Jesus was going to His last ti:ur a;<ar, 9 and to death Itself, acd yet He werfiowed mth svm- 9 I a hy for Ills followers. Had It U-ca ycu w J c 9 ate asked for syruoUiy for oursulm. OorrytcuU 9 hare bren, " Have pity upon me, O mr frie: tls frr tU «| iiand of God hath touched me." Bur' laucsd >i hat 9 oar Lord cast Ills own crushing sorrows into ti.c lack- 9 uiMUud, and lent tils mind to ttic work of iuhaxdrg 9 His chosai under their fur inferior griefs. IU kn-.-v 9 tliut He was ubout to bo "exceeding ioncvifu!,u<.a 9 uuto t'eatk" He know that He should soon U In cn 9 r-gony through bearing " tho chadiserneDl cf c:: 19 peace ; '' but ere lie plunged info the deep lie reus: fa needs dry tho tears of those He loved so well, :nJik:e- 9 fore lie said most touchingly, "Let not yoar ttm U 9 troubled." 9 While I admire this condescending tundemciscflcrr, 9 I at the same time cannot help adorJog the num'-hts 9 confidence of our blessed Lord, who, though lie k:oi 9 hut Ho is to be' put to a shameful dcatti, yet feels to 9 four, but bids ills disciples trast implicitly to Him. 9 The black darkness of llieawfultnldnlgbiwtslcciMi'.cs 9 to surround Uim, yet how bravo ills word, "Btlicre 9 hlsoln Mc." He knew In that threatening hcur that 9 lie had come forth from the Fattier, sod thai lie vis la 9 tho Fattier, and the Father in iiim, aod so He »y. 9 "Yc believe In God, beUcvo also iu Mc." Ibc ca'a 9 tearing of their Master mast have greatly htdtd to 9 confirm Ills servants in their faith. 9 While we see here His confidence as mas, vc in 9 feel that this Is not a speech which a mere oua vcaU 9 vvtr have uttered had ho been a good man; for oonrre M c eatorc would thus match himself with God, 1bit 9 Jusus is a good man few question ; that He mud t< Gel 9 is, therefore, proven by these words. Woald Jesus ID 9 us tiu»t in thu irm ot fiesh? Is linotvrittca— "Corv.l 9 butbc man that trust cth in man, and makcth fiesh Ms M arm I " Yet the Holy Jesus says, " Ye behere io Gil, believe also In Me-' This aasocisikm of Iltmvcif vith flj <ioa as the object of human confidence In the tac (f 9 uf trouble betokens a eonsclousnvss of His ows sLv -m 9 puwer ami Gochead ; and it Is a mystery in whew H cnltles faith takes pleasure, to sec in our Lord Jus' Re 9 faith of a man for Himself, and the faithfulness cf GcJ B for others. 9 Come then, dear friends, close op lo the text, sr. r.-y B the " pi. it uf God be with us ! 1 will read the list 9 »ery distinctly- Ask that you may feel the words eua B xi. ore powerfully than the apostles felt thcta ; fcr they B hal not yet received the Comforter, and to Re; B were uot yet led Into all truth ; in tlds tictl B them as tliey were that night— let us, therefore, lcj«- B fully pray Hint wc may know tho glory cf esr B words, and hear them spuken into our my scul l; t-.3 B Holy Spirit ,4Let not your heart be trouiW- Jt B believe in God, believe alo In Me. In My B liouto are many mansions— It It were not»>. 1 j B uarc told you. I go to prepare a p'acc for rra. Acd:t B I go to prepare a plaeo for you, 1 will come npalo, tsu B receive you unto Myself; that where I amtbc'cje1/ B be also. Aud whither I go ye know, and lie vaj )e B know?" B rheac words are in themselves much better tun i-J B crmon. What con our discourse be but a dt.ut.ia a the essential spirit of consolation which is ecnt=»-J a B Uie words of the Lord Jesus? Now, let us Srd !'5 B| of the bitter waters of heart trouble; and, hcccul b let us drink deep of the street waters of riivlcc b (Job. ,,p. 91 I. First, then, let us taste of the bitter waters if b cause 1 have said these things unto ycu, ;„ B filled your heart." 1 would not confine the ctrchru b any oue form of affliction, for it Is a balm for t«7 mm wound ; but still it will bo well to inquire what M B particular trouble of tho disciples? It ttfly U Bj some of us aro passing through it now, cr vc c-J B plunged It It ere long. . . , B It was tills— Jesus was to die. Their lerd, , B they sincerely loved, was about to go frcia ti hco , j H| duiucful, painful dcatlu What tender bear to think of that? Tet he had told Hum um- B would be ao, and tlrcy began to reiuemUr >i» B words, whtrein Ho Itad said that the cn i cf H| would bs betrayed into tho hands of w eked would be scourged and put to death, itc/ .,,3 to pass through all tho bitterness ct 'j, accused, coudemned and cruclflnd. In n r-nt's was actually seized, bound, carried to the hga J« house, hmricd to l'date, then to Herod wc a i'ilattf, atrl|)i»cd, scourged, rneckcd, »aw lllm comiuctca through the streets " a"W bearing ills cross. They tdtold Him .. jjj tivc ictwcen two thieves, and heard m®. f r'» Gotl, my lied, why bast Tliou forsaken Me 1 " dtaught this. I11 proportion as they 'OTeu ir' ". ic. tKc/h.nu» 1..W uccjil V RrkvcJ or «». u cUd that He should say, "Let not )0it troubled." To-day those wl»o love i\lC r to behold a spiritual repetition of His ah-®" ment at the hands of men; for even fl0 . : .t..ctu; fied afresh by those who account liw cross <1 block. And tho preaching of It foolish"0! _ j eJ. how is Christ still mlsundcrstooJ, <iscil plsvd, mocked and rejected of uren. 1 touch Him really, for there Ho sd® cnthr Iicavcu of heavens; but, as fnrasUtcy <« . ' Him over again. A malignant spirit is ®»;ut's(S# tho gospel ss onco It was to Christ in with coarse blasphemies, and not a assaults upon this pari of Scripture' 1 c .f « f Rt doing their best to bruise tbo heel of the ,,.4r.kii weman. U is a huge grief to sea the caT,cti> pass by tho cross with averted eyes, , ®s " '|n death was nothing— nothing at least to t .c . proiwrtlon as you feci a zeal lor tho true , 3 Ills saving truth, it Is wormwood and » U>U ago ol unbelief. L'hrist Jesus Is nal« P, fr| the two thieves ef uperstltlou and ' JJ® n cf round Him gathers still tho ruds and tho polished, the Jguerent If, Under our second head let us drink waters aud refresh our souls. First, In this wonderful text our .rltf d> us tho true means of comfort bnucr cva; quietude. Row put, ll«;tf ':u' > Cir troubled"— believe. Kindly lock down jo a and you will MO that tht, direction l>ini< ,,35 aayi Li the opcolng of tho eleTcnlh Ttns Publications. — . in «»ie second clause, 4 Ilclicvo He; ''sod then, ,agfl i , tQ cutcr into the imaning lie." 1 Itioiigt't. "® |uard Jesu, at my old, to m ! Uollovo Mo. bclievo M,. i. Jt Could any ono ol tUo eleven tbnt were w'w'fiSbare dUbclievcJ their preaeut Lord? lie with lb® y® M baifero Me, bcllevo Me,'— as If JS| 10 urg0 them to faith In Illm, '"ffher Mro thcS, for a troubled heart? " ti required. Thlt Is nll-sufflcient through 1,5 » Joisthuc la jMuayoaitlll arc troubled, bo e<4-J nttrito yet uioio thoroughly and hcaitliy. 'i?'6 that should not take away tho perturbation of U"' mtad Vllovo In Him to a third degree, unit J„r ml", "= jiu hic.-caiiag almpllclty and force. uo one and only phjalc for the dfaun "ouWe Jeans prescribes. » Ilotleve. be- t( Gar sua M Mi.„ neUcro not only in ccrtuln "iTii « but In Jems Himself— In Htm aa ablo to 45:1 m't every promise tint 11c lias mode. Believe eL7k A Vou bclleTo in God. Ono has been at times uU ,S,,k It easier U believe In Jesui than In God, Pi m. ha thought of apiritual Infancy; more rnl- w / Afavers find R not so. Too Jew this waa ISSnlr too righ'. way of putting It, and I think to fr If-,, it Is so also, when wo have been long In ? /.nv forwo get to bellcvo In God 03 a matter of sinlfahh 111 Jesui requhes a fnrluer confl- tjuric, an God's power In creation— He can . .Mt'lla tvllla, and shape what Ha lias made. I film fin Pw lu providence, thnt he can bring 7... 1111' eternal purposes, and do as Ho wills " fi!i- armies In heaven and among tno Inhnbl- ?fl dib tower world. Xbelfcvo concerning God P .fi dfliics arc possible unto Illm. Just In that f .m called upon to bolievo In Jeans that Ho Is "L.tooL-nt la poser aud as sure in Ills working as SSnfrem whoin come nil the forces 'of nature; and nuw XTo accoiupllah His purpose, «. .God Is to 1 , E, it'. design In'tbr worka of provldouce.- llely- f" .euo the Savfonr with Uie Implicit faith' which mpn renders towai-da God, we shall "n urLord" fatlh- whlch ltd justly clatms. muisltlifntand trno, and Ilia power can effect IHs .",mhs ' let ns depend trustfully upon Illtn, and perfect SI Sdi como into our heart These disciples know SitileSiriourwas to ho away from thorn, ao that Sfr cSiU aot oco Illm or hear Ills voice. What of fhifj li it not so with God, in whom we believe? SioBin loth scon God nt any tlmo,,-yet yon believe la Ilie invisible God working all tiling), sustniniug nil M,,l In tho ainno manner believe la tile absent and EndUc Christ, that He Is still a) mighty as ' though »sa ciutd see Him walking the srnves, or multiplying i'iV loir.'i, or healing olck, or raising the dvuo. U liire Him, and sorrow and algblng will Heo nway. lkl'TS to Illm as over living, even as yon believe In Hi mully of God. Vonbelioro In the eternal exls- u-M of the Most High whom you liavc not seen, even uMliTS In tho everlasting Ilia of tho Son of Go I. Ay, thu-'J ten see Ulin die, though you aos Htm laid hi £ grave ret boUove In lHm Uiat 11a has not ceased to 14 Look for His reappearance, even os yo bellovo in Get Tes, and wlien lie Is gono from you, and a chai bis received Htm out of yoor sight, believe that Uj i:r;1h even as God llveth ; and because He Itvoi, m sli»U Uvo also. Vou betievo In tbo wisdom of UoJ, yon believe In tho faithfulness of God, yon believe fa thesoodaeoi of God ; " Even as ye bellcvo in God," nlth Jhus, "belltve also In Mu" Faith in Jesui thrht Himself as an overliving and dlvlno rcrson, fa lbs best quietus for every kind of fear. He is ttie "Kiar Eternal, Immortal, Inrlslblc," "tho Wonderful, CooMtllor, the mighty jGod, the orerlosting Father, Ihs I'tloce of I'eaee;" and therefore you may aafely ' mi fa illm. This is the tlrat Ingredient of tho priceless CjsnforU But now oar Lord proceeded to say that though lie vi& trolag from them IIo waa only going to 111 Father's lnoi\ MIainy Father's house aro many maustous.1' Ar, but thU was sweet comfort. UI am golug,'1 said He, -and oa My way you will sco Mo scourged, biding, mockeJ aud .buffeted; but I shall pass through all this to tho joy, and rest, aud honor ol My Father's Uouso." God Is everywhere present, and yet, as on earth He had a tabernacle Therein Ue specially manifested Himself, so tbero Is a pUce where He lu a peculiar manner Is revealed. The temple was a type of that matchless abode of God which eye hath not seen; wo call ithoaven, the pavilion of Uod, the home of holy angels and of those puro spirits who dwell la Ills Immediate presence. In heaven Uod day bj said. In special, to hare Ills habitation, and Jesut wu going there, to bo received on His return to ill tho honor which awaited Uls finished service. Jcjus has gono by the way of Calvary up to His Father's house— all His work and warfare done, He b rtvuded for Ills sojourn among men as man. AU the sbsme which His work necessitated Is now lost In the splendor of Ills mediatorial reign. Yo people of Gal.'bi no more troubled, for your Lord la King, your Saviour reigns I Men may still scoff at Illm, but they cxanot rob Uicn of aray.of glory I They may rojeci Him, but the Lord God omnipotent has crowned lltinl They mij deny Ills existence, but He lives I They uiuy reWllloasfy cry, MLet as break Uls bands asunder, and oil HU cords from us, ".but the Lord hath set Uls King upsa Ub Holy hill of Zlon, and none can thrust Him from lib, throne. Uallolujahl "God hath highly exiUcd Illm, and given Illm' a namo which Is above . every same, that at the name of Jesus every knee ' ihooW bovr." Wherefore, let not your hearts bi troubled by tho noise ol controversy and the biasphomy sal rebuke of an evtl age. .Though thero bo confusion si when the sea roarcth anil tho fulness thereof, and the wickod, foam la tbolr rage against the Lord and against Ills anointed, yet tho Lord aUteih upon the fl»J. the Lord alttcth King for over. Agolu let us say, "lislklujih 1" The Prince hath come unto His own ' again, Uc hath entered Into Uls Father's palace. The heavens have received lLiin, Why should wo be troubled r iblrdly, our Lord gave Ills servants comfort in uoUut way. lie gavo them to understand by Impli citly tint a great many would follow Him to the IaUlu's house. He did not ouly assure th«in that Ue vat going to HU Father's house, but Uo said, "In Hy Father's house are many mansions." These man- rbai are uot built to stand empty. God doitb nsUiin in vain; therefore. It is natural to conclude thit a mulUtude of sjUrlU, Inuumcr.tble beyond all ciunt. will rise in duo time to occupy those many man- sbnslu tho l'ailior's house. Now 1 see la this grett comfort to them, because they, doubtless, feared that if their Lord was absent Ills kingdom might fall. How ou'4 there be converts If lie were crucified 't How coalj tu?y expect, poor creatures as they were, to set tip a kingdom of righteousness ox the earth? How could tbsy turn the world upside down aud bring mul titudes to Uls feet whom lio had purchased with Ills blood. U Uls conquering right arm waa not seen at their "tail Tho Lord Jesus In effect said, " I am golug, bnt I ualltcal the way for a vast host who will cotuu to ibe prepared abodes. Like the corn of wheat which Is cut into the ground to die, 1 shall bring forth much fruit, which shall bo housed in the nbtJing restlng- pfotti" This ts ouo part of our comfort at this hour. Little boots It how men fight against tho gospel, for tbc Lord kaoweth them that aro Ills, and lie will ransom by lower those redeemed by blood, lie has a multi tude according to tho election of graco whom lie will br«g In. Though they scent to-day to be a small rcm- owt, yet lie will fill tno many mansions. This stands «« as a rock— "All that tho Father glvcth Mo shall Come to Me: and Him that enmclli to Mit 1 will 111 no . hi cast out." They boast that "they will not come bale Christ but the Spirit of God foresaw that they wouu i eject the salvation of the Lord. What said desks to those like theiu? "Ye believe uot, bocau»oye kre a« of My sheep, as 1 said unto you. My sheep , , ' Tlco, and 1 know them, aud they follow Me— fir them eternal life." Tho wicked unbe- hei of men b their own condemnation ; but Jesus loses Rot the reward of Ills passion. We filng back Into the "catof the despliersof Christ tho scorn which they pour upon Illm, and remind them that those who dos- pus Him shall be lightly esteemed, their names shall J cjtua la the earth. What U they come not to Him ? f,\» Llalr ow® loss, and well did He any of them, no man can come to Mo except the Father which hhn." Tbelr wlckodncss Is their . f Ibclr destruction. They betray by their oppeution the fad that they are not the chosen of Most UlgU. Hut "tho redeemed of tho Lord Mil come to Zlon with Bonus and ererlastlng joy ;,w®.U>e!r heads." "Ho shall sco of tho travail « mi soul, and shall be satisfied." This mat- U U not left to the free will of man, to that Jesos m»y ,PP®ltttcd liter alt Oh.no; "they will not come may have life," but they shall yet Eternal Spirit has power over the hum" 5.tT#e?.c and can make men willing In tho «r Of Uit power. If Jesus be lifted up He will draw iJKnu.nt0 nilu» There shall bono failure as to tho 1 r«d«mlng work, even though the froward reject 1a«lofUed against themselves. What Jesus luitSJW w ,tu 11004 will not lose, what He dksl to acmttjdbh aboil aurely U performed, and what He rose If if?« cfT? out ehul be effected though ell the devils atflin.i «? fcuhevere upon earth ehould join fa league 2h2 h JL®".. 0h» 11100 rtj )lce not otst tho MeMh, for though It eccm to fail It aball rehSS fto»tt,c.5IuolaUoa wu the prdmlae or hti sure eoma»,.i .( ?? aweyto prepare a place for you 1 will Inth/L Witen, then, Jesus is coming again. 9 tame ouaner u Ue Mccadml Ue will return- Publications. that is really, litomlly ami In bodily form. Ur meant no play upon word when He so plainly said, without proverb, " I will come again," or more sweetly atlil, "I go away and como egjiln. unto you." This Is our loudest joy note, "behold, lie comelhl" This is our never-falling comfort. Observe that the Saviour in this p. ace says nothing about death, nothing about (he peace and rest of bellows till Ho Is come; for He looks on to the end. it Is not nccehutry to put every truth into one sentence, and ao our Lord is content to mention the brightest of our hopes, and leave other blessings for mention at other times. Here the .consolation is that lio will come— come personally— to gather ns In. Ho wilt not scad at) angel, nor even a host of cherubim, to fatch us up into our eternal state: but the Lord Himself will descend from heaven. It Is to be our marriage day, and the glorious Bridegroom will como fn person. Whou the bride is prepared for her Hus band will lie not come to fetch her to His home? o, beloved, do you not sco whero our Lord's thoughts were? He was dwelling upon tho happy day of His ultimate victory, when lie shall come to be a.'m'rcd in all them that believe. That ts where lie would have His people's thoughts to bo; but, alas! they forget His advent. The Lord shall come. Let your hearts anticipate that day of days. 11U enemies 4 cannot stop Uls coming. " Let not your heart bo troubled." They may bato Win but they cannot hinder Illm. Tiicy cannot Imped his glorious return, not by the twinkling of an eye. What an auswer will His coming be to every adversary. How will they weep aud wall because of Jllm, ' As suraly as He lives He will come; and what confusion this will bring upon the wise men who at ibis hour arc reasoning against His Deity and ridiculing ills atonement. Again 1 say, " Let not your heart bo troubled" as to the pre sent state of religion; it will not last long Do not worry yourselves luto unbelief though this man may have turned traitor,' or the other may have become n backslider, lor the wheels of time aro hurrying on tho day of tho glorious manifestations of tho Lord from heaven. What will be the astonishment of tiic whole world when with all the holy angels He shall descend from heaven and shall glorify His people. For that Is tho ucxt comfort— lie will rcceire us. When lie comes lie will receive His followers with a courtly reception. It will be their marriage reception; it shall be tho marriage supper of tho Son of God. Then shall descend out of heaven the new Jerusalem prepared as a bride for her Uuiound. Then shall come the duy of tho resurrection, and tho dead In Christ shall rise. Then nil Ills people who are nllve at the time of His coming shall be suddenly transformed, so as to be delivered from all the fral.tlcs and imperfections of their mortal bodies— "The dead shall bo raised Incor ruptible, and we shall bj changed." . Then we, ahull be presented spirit, soul and body " without spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing," in the clear and absolute perfection of our sanctified manhood, presented unto Christ lllinself. This Is the sweetest Idea of heaven tiiat can be — that we shall bi with Christ, that we shall sec Him, that wc shall speak„to lliia, aud that wo shall commune with llim most Intimately, that we shall glorify Illm, and that Uc wilt glorify us, and that wc shall never be divided from Uitn for over and ever. "Let not your heart bs troubled," nil this Is near at hand, aud our Lord's going away has secured it to us. For this was the last pjfnt of the consolation, (hat when He came anl received His peoplo to -Himself Ho would place theui eternally where Ue Is, that they may be with Uim. Oh I joy, Joy, joy, unutterable joy I Cau wc uot now, once for all, dismiss crry (ear in the prospect of the cudless bliss reserved for us? " See that glory, how resplendent. Brighter far than f jncy paints i There, in majesty transcendent, Jean's reigns, the King of saints. Spread tliy wings, my soul, and fly Straight to yonder world of joy, ' . V Joyful crowds, Ills throne surrounding, Sing with rapture of Uls love ; Through tho he-irons Ills praises sounding Filling all the courts above. Spread tuy wings, my soul, and fly ; Straigut to yonder world of joy." The Lord talks to us as If we now knew all about Ills goings and doings, and so wo do as for as all practical purposes aro concerned, lie says, ' WltUher l go yt kuow." lie Is not goao to a place unknown, remote, dangerous, lio has only gono home. " Whither I ge ye kuow." Whcua mother sends her boy to AustralU she is usually troubled bscnuso she may never see him again; but he replies, "Dear mother, the diataoce h uoihlug now, wo cross the oceau In a very few weeks, aud 1 shall Bpeodliy come- back again." Then the mother ts cheered; alio thinks of tho ocein as a littlo bit ol blue between her and iter, son, and looks for Itlm to return, If need.be, bo the Ssvlour aays, " Whither 1 go ye kuow." 'Asinucuas to bay—" i told you, l am golug to your own Father's house, to tho mansions whither your spirits will soon command lam going lor the blessed purposa it , making It ready to rewire you In the eutirety of your nature. 1 on aro thus made to know all about My departure and My business. 1 am going to a glorious place which cyo bath not seen, out My Spirit Will reveal it to you. 3 ou know where 1 am going and you know also tho way by which 1 am going— 1 am going through suffering aud death, through atoucmcrii and righteousness ; this is - the wjy to heaven for you also, aud you wilt luid it all In Mc. You shall In due tlin enter heaven by my atonement, by My deat:i, by My .sacrifice, -for Mam the way. You know the way, but remember it is only tho way, and not the end. Bo not imagine tliat tl|c wicked can ui&ko; an end of Me; but believe that CbrM on the cross. Christ In tha sepulchre, is uot the end, but the way." This, beloved, Is the way for us as woll as for our Lord. He could not reach Uls crown except by tha cross, nor Hit mediatorial glory except by death ; but that way | onco mads lu His Own penvu is open for- all- who believe lu Him. Thus you know whero tho Lord has gone, and you know the fori; therefore, bo encouraged, tor ho Is not far away. Ho U not Inaccessible , yon shall be with Him' soon. ' "Let not your heart bs n1 brave Master, ahalt Thou ba followed by a Irijx! of cowards? No, we will uot lose heart through the trials of tbo day. Oh, holy Master, Tliou aldat meet Thy death with song, for " after supper they sang a hymn shall we not go through our griefs with joyful trust? Oh, canfldeut Lord, bidding us believe in ihee, as in Uod liiuiielf, wc do believe lu Thco, and wo aLo crow couftdont. Tblno undisturbed serenity of faith infuses itiolf into our souls, and we are rnxdo strong. When wo hear 'Ihce bravely talking of Thy decease wiiich Thou hast to accomplish at Jerusalem, oudthen of Tliy aftor glory, we also think hopefully of all tho opposition of ungodly men, and, waiting for Thine appearing, wo solace ourselves with that blessed hope. Make uo tarry log, 0 our Lord. Amen. Portion of Scripture read before Sermon— John llUrmm from "Our Osra Ilj-mn- fajoii "—313 319, 361 Thogcntlcmin Inserting tho oermoni desire! to lntl- mate that ho is not responsible for, and has no con nection with, any matter other than the sermon printed above. 