WEATHER.-Since the date of our last issue the weather has been cool and not unpleasant. Last night a westerly wind and heavy clouds in the same quarter appeared to denote rain, and showers fell during the night and early morning. The sky when we went to press did not appear to presage a further donation of moisture. DIPHTHERIA.-There is a case of this dread complaint at present in the west suburbs, but we may mention that the disease did not originate in Portland, the sufferer having been brought to this town for treatment. The health officers yesterday visited the house where the patient is located and took the necessary precautions for isolation and other pre- ventatives against the spread of the disease. We trust their efforts will result in the desease being confined within its present bounds. PRESBYTERIAN TEA MEETING.-We would remind our readers that the Presbyterian tea-meeting and grand concert take place to morrow (Tuesday) evening in the Masonic Hall. The following ladies and gentlemen have kindly consented to assist at the con- cert :-Ms. Matheson, Misses Walker, Atkinson, Spence, Bagley, Eva Bagley, Messrs. A. Spence, McGraith, S. Mathe- son, D. Jones, A. E. Southern, Snod- grass (recitation), W. H. Perry, and A. and G. Turnbull. In view of the above array of local talent, it becomes no presumption to predict a really pleasant evening for those who intend to visit the Masonic Hall on the occasion of the Presbyterian annual social gathering, even if the enjoyable experiences of previous similar occasions were not sufficient guarantee to ensure a good attendance of the public. MILITARY EXAMINATION.--To-morrow night an examination will be conducted amongst candidates from the local militia in gunnery. We may mention that there is some honor attaching to successful competitors in this examina- tion-those who pass will be entitled to wear a badge known as cross-guns, and in addition the man who shows the greatest proficiency receives a bonus of £4, while £1. is given to the second best. We are informed that half-a dozen candidates will undergo the test. PETTY THIEVING.-The police were informed yesterday that some apples had been abstracted from a case lying in the jetty shed awaiting shipment by the s.s. Dawn. An examination discovered the fact that from six to eight pounds of apples had been taken from a small case, presumably by some small boys. It may be mentioned that the parties who consigned the fruit are themselves to blame in a great measure fur their loss, as the case containing the apples was covered with material of the flimsiest character and any juvenile could without any difficulty prize it open. This, coupled with the fact that there was apparently no person in charge of the goods awaiting shipment, doubtless proved too strong a temptation for youngsters not fully understanding the pains and penalties attendant upon an act of petty larcency, and like the maiden in "Tambour Major" their line of conduct was "only the fruit that is forbidden has any taste in the world for me." BOARD AND- RESIDENCCE.-In another column Mrs: Mott announces that she has secured the premises late in the occupation of Mrs. G. Highland, and offers board and residence at reasonable terms. TENDERS.- In our business columns Mr. E. McMullen invites tenders for posts and rails. SUDDENN DEATH. - Information was received in town this morning that an old lady, a Mrs. Brackstone, aged 80 years, had died suddenly at Benbow's Mill, Heywood, last night. The de- ceased had not been attended in her illness by a medical man, and a magis- terial enquiry will be held to ascertain the cause of death. P. H. AND F. Society.-Intending exhibitors at this show should read the schedule of prizes in to-day's issue, as some alterations and additions have been made. DRAPERY SALE.--Mr. Marriott inti- mates that he will offer a quantity of drapery, &c.;, for sale by public auction at the Temperance Hall, Heywood, on the 16th, 17th and 18th. A.N.A.-On Wednesday evening a number of members of the Portland Branch of the A.N.A. will visit Hey- wood to explain the objects of the society, for which purpose a meeting will be held in the Mechanics' Insti- tute. P, and B.S.N. Co.-Those interested are reminded that on Wednesday night the nineteenth ordinary meeting of shareholders takes place. WAITING ROOM.- The Borough Council have received a communication from the Railway De!artment to the effect that tenders will be called immediately for the pier waiting room; also, that no alteration whatever is to be made in the train time-table. WATTLE BARK.-The ruling price for good wattle bark is £6 15s per ton. POTLAND H. and F. Society.-A meeting is called for to-morrow night of the committee of the above Society, at Mac's Hotel. SALVATION ARMY.--We understand that the place of "Captain" Teague, recently head of the local corps, has been deputed to "Captain" Vaughan, late of Williamstown. The new oflicer is expected to arrive by the s.s. Dawn. PROPERTY SALE.- In our advertising columns it is announced that on Satur- day next Mr. J. R. Woods will submit by public auction under instructions from Mr. R. V. Selby that valuable property containing upwards of 570 acres situated on the Surrey river, in the parish of Bolwarra. The property is subdivided into paddocks, and there are numerous improvements in the shape of stone house, fruit garden, &c.;, upon it. Persons wishing to acquire a good substanial property would do well to inspect this. ENTERTAINMENT. - We remind our readers that the Cogill Bros. appear in the Masonic Hall with a strong and clever combination to-night. NOTICE.-In our advertising columns John Gurry, of "Whittlebury," warns stockowners against allowing their stock to trespass on his property. FISHING. - Matters in this industry can certainly not be called brisk, but on the whole the fishers have not much cause for complaint. Good hauls of crayfish are being made, and those whose plant does not admit of their engaging in this branch of the industry can pick up good wages by fishing for lithe, while a few baskets of barracouta are daily obtained. NARRAWONG RACES.-- A preliminary notice in our business colulmns announces that a race meeting will be held at Narrawong on Easter Monday. Liberal stakes are promised, the details of which will be given in a future issue. PARCELS are lying at the Pier station for Messrs. Kendall, Smith, Abbett, Lamb, Wilson, Gaffney, Small, Volker, Pettifer, Portland Drapery Company, Receiver and Paymaster. RACING.--On Saturday last the March meeting of the V. A. T. Club was held on the Caulfield course with the follow- ing result :--Selling Race-Maroney, 1 ; Ghost, 2; Sorcerer, 3. Hurdle Race- Whalebone, 1; Goodwood, 2; Hunts- man, 3. St. Kilda Cup-Abuse, 1; Phaon, 2; Kohai, 3. Stceplechase- Sweetmeat, 1; Marmion. 2; Roulette, 3. Federal Stakes-Boz, 1; Bedouin, 2; Escutheon, 3. South Yarra Handicap- Vascosa, 1; William Tell, 2; Straight Shot, 3. CRICKET.-On Friday a match English Eleven v. fifteen of East Melbourne was commenced, and at the close of the play for that day the fifteen, who were the first to defend the stumps, had closed their first innings for a total of 130, and the eleven had 26 runs for no wickets to their credit. On Saturday the game was continued, but when the play ended for the day the Englishmen were still in possession of the willow and had lost 8 wickets for 215 runs. Our correspond- ent wires that the game was continued to-day. The Englishmen concluded their first innings for a total of 274. The Fifteen then entered on their second innings, and at 1.22 p.m. had lost one wicket for 3 runs. 