JOHN NEEDHAM’S DOUBLE. A STORY FOUNDED ON FACT CHAPTER IX.—(CONTINUED.) BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of “CLYTIE,” “ CRUEL LON[?] N, “TUREE RECRUITS," &c.; "Yes I've been to sleep," he said, “it is no dream, I have done it all-all! What [?] And I thought I could only lie [?] and die. What crime! I thought I In,l waded iu it already to my very lips !” He looked at his watch. “Four o’clock—morning. _ I hey used to lilk of Covent Garden as a sight to see a., -1 o’clock, the country folk —Covent Garden ami Billingsgate ’ , , He drew up the blind, and, standing back from the window, contemplated the scene. “But it is Sunday,” he said, “and all is naiet—awfully quiet, as if everybody hail cone to Hampstead Heath to see the work of 1 Then turning his back upon the window, lie said. “I must go to work, first recon noitre, then action.” lie put out the ciuhUos, anil uiauc *i care ful survey ot the two rooms utnl the luggage.. “Have I any trunks that are not Here I wonder, one perhaps too large to drag np-_ stairs? Have I placed any valuables in the lnr safe? If I have why did I lock the door and put the key in my‘pocket?” lie opened a large lcatncr portmanteau, the key was in the lock. “ Ready packed—need not disturb that’ “ A despatch box,” he remarked, turning to a travelling case upon a chest of drawers; “ very like my own. and with my initials on the lid! .Strange! Have I really some work to do in the world yet, that the other couldn't do? Or is this only smoothing my way to perdition? Hut a truce to philoso phising! No more theorising, John I mean Joseph—we must be practical now—and Cttunina, devilish cunning.” lie turned over the papers. “Ah! Mr John Needham’s letters of in troduction ! Wonder if 1 should keep them? Yes. He may have shown them to his soli citor, the family lawyer who arrived so op portunely mi .tjuturd ly. Saturday ! Last night? Why, it seems an age ! Ah 1 Letters of credit, three thousand pounds— Cool! Portraits ! .My wife? Yes, no doubt. My sister? Of course. And her lover? Certainly. A cheque book ! What's this—a memorandum on the cover. “£309 bank notes in charge of landlord ’ and the date—yesterday ! Good. Shall I have to sign my name ? Let me see.” lie took up-the letters of credit, went to a writing table, upon which there were pens, ink, mid paper, and an ornamental pad with J. X. worked upon the corner. “An easy signature,” lie said, "sitting dawn. “I have found much more dilii cult ones easy before now J o-s-e-p-h X-o-r-b-u-r-y.” He v. rote each letter carefully’ and slowly. “ My hand trembles, cli? No —it is the position of the elbow.” Then lie wrested the whole of his arm upon the table and began afresh. “Yes, that is better.” He trieil again and again, writing the mine more ipiiekly each time, aud at last linking it oil' easily. “That will do.” Tk-11 he tare up his failures, and leaving his last effort upon the table, went to the hreplnee, removed the paper ornament, tried, the damper to see if it was down, found it up, and lighting the hits of paper watched tiiein blaze. Next he took oil" his coat and Washed and shaved himself. " “ ily travelling clothes are laid out ready.” Then he repeated “ laid out,” and paused to «ty “ a grim phrase.” He changed his dress clothes, packed them juvay, examined the despatch box thoroughly, investigated the dressing-case, which uon tiined several tings, a few sovereigns, some stiver, and a miniature portrait, of a lady iu u loeket; and a letter bearing yesterday's London post-mark. “Who is this from? My sister? Yes— Rate Norlmry. He read as follows: — “ -Wy dear Joe, 11 Good-bye again, my dear. It is already vcr }\ very lonely without you, but I can 0-‘ar it for your sake, and as the days ij° on there will lie the looking for "ard to your coming hack, and that "dl make tlm time lly. And ymu "m take great care of yourself, won’t M J U; if ever you are tempted to run any ••’ks think of me, and Aunt Dorothy, and and always remember that we are “Unking of you. Aunt Dorothy arrived |'o hours ago, and is full of good spirits, wad she insists that Dick is to come and speml .Saturday aud ."Sunday as usual, where-* J 1 1 atu writing to him now to say that \--unt Hurotliy insists, and that he can come *, “‘a likes. Do you know, .Joe, my dear, I anil; Dick is as fond of you as he is of me, . J’ that I am a woman you know and you Me not, and if you were I should lie jealous J J . Jou, for, if p don’t tell Dick that I love .-in very much there is no harm in my dlmg you is there ? Because you .know * uve is, and you know how much 1 ‘We you; so much that I would never marry ‘'-a without your consent, though Aunt orotliy says that is liousense, but lV , 13 „. ver y much prejudiced in my Y'? 1, ihc greyhounds missed you yes -ruay mul the old cob seemed to ask for bjiiv.hei, I gave him some oats, and in the j' u = e they live all talking of you anci wish- Lm a good voyage and a safe return. I ’ l,l expect to hear from you iu the morning f, 11 J ou . "'ill send me a telegraphic message .. °® Liverpool, won’t you ? Take care of ■uelt, ami write to me the moment you t i, r lve ’ aucl always feel that you are in all our Jights, and especially in mine. Tour most loving and affectionate sister, c .. „ . “Kate.” tlie A .-’ • le sa ' d ' Tendering the character of ink,'*• " s ' lu ' 3 a woman of more deter- s p ation than her brother; she writes a TueiM UU , Kl ’ '“lakes uo nourishes; it is a nirl ? c > too, jaunty; wonder what lie le tnr« re p y ‘ , W °nder what he wrote in the lia-nt- al Probably crossed this? Did he I r °n mC ! • AuJ i£ so > how * DM he say like him in appearance, or he like hn,l Wa i ted t 0 bo called > Pretended he was acu when the porter knocked, told him to leave the hot water and his boots at th* door. ■ “ And the noosepapers,” said the porter, “ two, sir.” “ All right,” said Needham, and as lie quietly unlocked the door when the porter had gone away, he said-to himself, “ noose papers, indeed! Not if 1 know it. If dis covery is possible, they will never get my head into a noose!” He looked the door and eagerly scanned the two papers. They ooutaiued no refer ence to last night’s dark work. One of them had an on dit respecting his coming financial faljj but that did not disturb him. By half-past 9 o’clock he had breakfasted, paid his bill, received the parcel of money that had been deposited at the bar, and was being driven to Easton, the sun shining on him as freely as if he were not the least saint- like of the thousands of worshippers for whose behoof many church bells were already beginning to chime for Sabbath rites and sermons. CHAPTER X.—An Unexpected Meeting. On Sunday morning a bird-catcher on the hunt for “feather- headed” warblers who could detect no difference in the song of the decoy from the fresh wild notes of liberty, came upon the dead body of a gentleman not far from the well-known hostelry called Jack Straw's Castle. First he saw a horse browsing in one of the little adjoining valleys. Half a mile further on he saw a brougham partly on the bridle path at the back of the tavern, and partly in a furze bush; and close by lay the dead body of a gentleman, cold and still'. It wiis in evening dress. The clothes were wet. A crushed hat, and a bottle labelled “ essential oil of almonds” were lying by its side, and on the bottle was written, “ John Needham, Esq., M.P., Portland Place.” Near the brougham was a silver spirit flask with “ John Needham” engraved upon it, together with a crest. It contained essential oii of almonds, and there was still left in the other bottle a considerable quantity of the deadly drug. The birdeatchcr, relinquishing business for the day, went to the inn and loused the landlord. It was a glorious sum mer morning. The thunderstorm of the preceding night had freshened the earth and cleared the atmosphere. Hampstead Heath was a picture of beauty, the air full ofsweet perfumes, and the sun was flooding the land scape with a soft and tender light. Assistance being procured, and the police duly introduced into the affair, the body was removed to Hampstead Workhouse, where it awaited the coroner’s inquest. It lay there in the deadhouse while the murderer was travelling comfortably enough to Liver pool. The train stopped too frequently, however, for his perfect satisfaction. It made him feel lonely and strange to see people greeting each other, coming and going, exchanging Sunday visits. He was almost the only first-class passenger. He had brought the despatch box into his car riage, and for the first two hours of his jour ney he read many of tjie papers and letters and memoranda which it contained. Then he turned to the newspapers again and read over the on dit relating to himself, and for the publication of which he was glad, seeing that it would help to prepare the public for the discovery on Hampstead Heath. Had it been discovered? he asked himself, and answering it at the same time. Of course it had. How? By whom? What had they done with it? Taken it to Port land Place? Would the affair be in to-mor row’s papers? When would he see to-mor row’s papers? Had he left any detail of the business unconsidered ? Did anybody know that Norbury had called on him? Had any body noticed the likeness between them ? Had Norbury told his lawyer that he was to call on Mr Needham? What would it matter if lie had? Supposing they made en quiries about Norbury? They would only learn that he came in late, had been in the country, and had gone to Liverpool. Was there anything odd in Norbury’s conduct? No. He paid his bill, gave a receipt for the money they had taken care of for him ; did not forget his un packed trunk in the hall. But they might want him as a witness; they might send to Liverpool after him. Could they do it in time to stop his sailing? Yes, that troubled him; and as he alighted from the train towards evening he received a rude shock” “ How do you do, Needham ?” said a gentleman on the platform. “I thought I was the only man who felt obliged to travel on Sundays ?” “ 1 beg your pardon,” said Needham, with a real stammer, an exaggeration of his cus tomary slight hesitation of manner, “yuu have the advantage of me.” “ Mr Needham, is it not?” said the other. Mr John Needham, surely I cannot be mis tuken.” “ You are, sir, my name is Noibnry.” “I beg your pardon,” said the other, “my name is Green—Wilfred Green. I am the member for Harwood, and I could have sworn you were a colleague of mine.” “Yuu honor me,” said Needham. “I have never aspired to a seat in Parlia ment.” “ I beg your pardon,” said the stranger, again. Needham smiled, took oil his bat, and moved away. “Curse him!” he muttered between his teeth; “ I always hated him —the jabbering idiot! What will be say when he reads the papers to-morrow ?” What did he say ? When he read of the discovery of the body he rubbed his hands with pleasure. Not that he disliked Need ham, but because lie was a spiritualist, one of the first active, talking, and writing spiritualists of the modern revival of an otherwise supeianimated superstition; and he believed he had seen Needham’s material ised spirit on its travels. He suddenly rc mcmbcicd that he and Needham had not many weeks previously had a long conversa tion of a phsycological and Biblical character, in which Needham had expressed his entire belief in the Biblical visions and in ghosts, and had confessed that he saw no reason why • the nineteenth century should be deprived of spiritual inter course with those who had gone be fore them to the spirit land. Mr Wilfred Green, M.P., wrote a letter to the Tima stating that it might be more than a coin cidence, the appearance unto him at Liver pool on Sunday of John Needham; and he suggested several curious psychological ex planations of the same. It might have been an optical eft'ovt of the mind or a communica tion from the spirit world; John Needham’s personality might for the moment have been unconsciously assumed by another, for spirit purposes; but iie left the facts to the learned and the scientific, contenting himself with setting them forth. And for several days the learned and scientific “ gave him fits,” to quote a popular, if vulgar phrase, while one very imaginative aiulsensational journalist hinted that if Green had seen anybody it was really John Needham, and -hat the body upon which the inquest had sat was a “spurious corpse.” These and other strange circumstances set up in the sensitive mind of Kate Norbury, a great and dreadful‘fear. CHATTER XL—Descmbes the Cokoseb's Inquest, the Natuke of the Evidence, . and the Result. The inquest was opened on Tuesday morn ing. The body had been identified by the deceased’s brother Henry, and by the butler. Several personal friends were present, in cluding two members of Parliament. There had not been the smallest doubt, of course, as to the suicide, and the evidence of the servants showed how completely Needham had iaid his plans. Some of the jury while chatting among themselves, had expressed surprise that the deceased should have taken so much trouble about it, and that he should do such an'odd thing as to drive up to Hampstead. In auswer to this, it was sug gested that he might have done these curious things for the purpose of leading up to a verdict of insanity. This was the nature of the conversation that took place while the jury were going to view the body and returning to Jack Straw’s Castle, where the inquest was held. James Rogers was the first witness called. Ho deposed that he was butler of the de ceased, and resided at his master’s house, Portland place. He had seen and identified the body as that of Mr John Needham, whom he had last seen alive at about-G o’clock on Saturday evening, at which time he waited upon him at dinner. Mr Need ham had sent the footman and the coach man to Leighton Buzzard an hour or so before. His master took a very light dinner and afterwards he (Rogers) went with the other servants to the Opera. The wit ness then related the circumstances under which lie and the rest had gone to the Opera, and afterwards to supper. They did not return home until nearly 2 in the morning. Found the house very much as it was when, he left. In the library there were the remains of some coffee, and the spirit bottles and other things were on the table. Mr Needham had, he should say, had his cup of coffee and cigar as usual. The cup had since been washed, and so also had the coffee pot. Of course if he had known of the sad business he would had the things re main as tliej- were. Nobody had been to the house during the day except Mr Nolan, the solicitor. He came to breakfast and the master drove him home in the afternoon. The carriage used was the pair-horse brougham, and the coachman and footman were on the box. Had not observed anything peculiar in his master’s manner during the last few months. Thought it curious at the time his treating everybody to the Opera and being so particularly affable, but put it down to a sudden act of generosity and being his birthday, though he must say it astonished him very much. The parlor maid, however, had said she thought the master was mad; but it was a way she had.” “ A way she had ?”*the coroner asked. “ Yes, sir. Anyone a doing anything she don’t quite see, she’d say, ‘Oh, he’s mad— mad as a hatter.’” (Laughter.) “And she did not quite ‘ see’ the master’s invitation to the Opera, eh ?” “ That was it, sir; and so she bounces, as I understands, into the kitchen and says the master’s mad.” “ Yes, that will do; we don’t want to hear what you understand, but what you know of your own knowledge.” “ Yes, sir; that’s what I was a-sayin’ ” “ That will do. The next witness.” Thomas Bobbins was then called. He said lie was a bird-catcher—“ dealt in’em”—and lived at Tickheel Court, Hampstead. Came across the body at S on Sunday morning. Saw the horse first; then the body; then the brougham; called to a chap as he see near the Castle to come afore he touched it; and then the police, some time afterwards. All the clothes was on the body, and the de ceased had laid his overcoat down first to lie upou, that was evident; and close by was the opera hat, and the bottle aud flask now produced. The clothes were wet, as it had rained heavy the first part of the night. The bottle had “Essential Oil of Almonds ” on it, and “ Poison ” in big letters, and the druggist’s name. Here the coroner explained that he had preferred to let this witness give his evidence exactly in his own words before asking him any special questions; but from this point he asked him a great many, further eliciting that there was no evidence of a struggle and no particular footmarks, seeing that the spot where the body was lying was “furzy,” aud not calculated to show much in the way of footmarks. But there were plenty of foot marks there now, for the. spot had been crowded with people ever since, and a lot of the gorse had been torn away. The coroner expressed his regret that the footprints had been obliterated; he thought the police should have kept the place clear, and he thought it a matter for serious repro bation the morbid curiosity of the public as exemplified by the removal of the gorse as mementos. (Applause). Police-constable Jones (2215) gave evi dence as to the removal of the body. There was no signs of a struggle. In the deceased’s pocket were a razor, six pounds and ten shillings in gold ami silver, a case with, visiting cards of the deceased in it. The bottle of poison was lying near his right hand as if it had dropped out of it. The deceased’s clothes were wet, but otherwise undisturbed. Mr Jabez Northwick, surgeon, practising at Hampstead, said he saw the body at 9 o’clock on Sundry morning in the dead-house. It was cold, the limbs rigid, the eyes glisten ing, life-like; the face calm and placid, and there was a powerful odor of the essential oii of bitter almonds perceptible at the mouth. There was no froth or anything to show that the unfortunate gentleman had died of poison except the sijipll of it. He had made a post-mortem examination of the body, aud it had undergone little or no change. There were no marks of external violence, some post-mortem congestion of the lungs, no valvular disease of the heart; a thickening was perceptible in the left ventricle; the right auricle of the heart was distended with blood, the left auricle empty; no odor of essential oil of almonds all over the body. The stomach contained undigested food, and embedded in it nume rous black particles perceptible to the naked eye. On examination they proved to bo powdered opium, and they were stuck all over the mucous membrane and so numerous as nut to be counted. The liver was healthy, the pupils of the eyes dilated, the brain and membranes congested, but otherwise healthy and without any signs of inflammation. It was quite possible the deceased had taken a strong narcotic as well as the essential oil of almonds, but the latter was the cause of death. At this point the butler was recalled and related what the reader already knows in regard to the bottle delivered at the house by the druggist’s assistant, and the next witness was Mr Brower, the druggist him self, who related the incident of Mr Need ham’s call and purchase of the essential oil of almonds. The coroner remarking that it was a pity such articles should be sold even by author ised persons and in such large quantities. Mr Brewer said the essential oil of bitter almonds was sold by every confectioner in the kingdom. “ For what purpose?” “Well," replied Mr Brewer, “it is used commonly in cooking, for flavoring custards, aud other purposes. Indeed, confectionery .such as is generally sold, contains poisons of all kinds.” “ indeed ! Is that so? A nice reflection for those who cat confectionery. (Laugh ter.) I shall take care to give my cook some advice upon this point the moment I return home. (Laughter.) At the same time, allow me to remark I am not jesting, and that this is not a theatre. I must re quest gentlemen present to control their emotions.” Witness continued to state that he could not understand at the time for what possible purpose Mr Needham’s groom might require essential oil of almonds in the stables. Arsenic, quite as deadly a poison, would of course have been an entirely different matter. It is a common thing to give arsenic to horses among their corn to improve their coats and condition. On the continent it is a very common practice, and it is a fact known to science that with regard to the administration of arsenic to horses and the taking of it by human beings that if it is discontinued the constitution breaks up with just the same symptoms as those which are produced by arsenical poisoning. The •sufferers die from the want of it, but with every appearance of being the vicLims of poison. (To be Continued.) 