BLACK DOUGLAS. By J. M. BARR. The glowing accounts of rich finds of the precious metal at New Bendigo, now named St. Arnaud, had just reached our neighborhood, and as usual all the miners who did not happen at the time to be working in golden holes, at once made ready for a start for the new Eldorado. Each night around the camp fire or the rough tables in some hut groups of men, " bearded like pard,"' were to be seen eagerly drink ing in the greatly- exaggerated tales that daily arrived of the wonderfully rich diggings at the new rush. : One, day my mate and I had been, engaged in sinking a hole at Tucker Gully, which did not bear out its name in this case, as we had not even the color of gold from the bottom, an acquaintance passing by hailed my mate as follows:-"Hillo, Tom, aint you off to the rush yet; you'll be all behind.. The lead is going ahead, and no mistake, fifteen claims wide; ten ounces washed out of a dish of dirt, and a pound weight nugget' picked off the bottom in the last hole sunk.,' Our Harry has just coming back for us, and we are off to morrow first thing. What's the use of hanging on here for a few pennyweights, when there are piles to be made? Come along old fellow, pack up and come with us-the more the merrier." The ball was kept rolling by another miner, who told us he had letter from his mate at the rush, and had written for him to leave everything and start at once, as there was plenty of gold to be had in shallow ground. My mate dropped the bucket and I the pick by mutual consent. " What was in the last dish you washed'?" "Not the ghost of a speck." " Well What do you say? Shall 'we be off?" " It's no use staying here ; let us go home and get a little flour and some horse feed, and start with Bill in the morning." "Agreed." And so we bid good-bye to Tucker Gully, carried home our tools and windlass, bought a sack of flour and a side of mutton, hunted up our horse that had been running in the bush, tied him up to a tree ready for morning, and had a bottle 'of brandy to drink success to our start. "Early to bed and early to rise" was the order of the day, and before the opossum had ceased its discordant cries, and the magpie was tuning its organ-like pipe in the cool, clear, calm air of the morning, our tent was dis mantled, the stretchers doubled up, pannicans, billy, and fryingpan placed handy for use on the road, and all our rattletraps packed on the dray, and away we went to seek our fortune at New Bendigo. I need not dwell on the inci dents of the journey, the long day's marching in the hot summer's glare, the camping by the deep and dark waterhole on the Avoca 'River, near Biggs' and Frazer's station, the crack shot that gave us a trio of plump wild ducks for supper, or the sweet black-fish that rewarded an hour spent in the twilight fishing ; nor need I dilate on the host of parrots that came in flashing legions, green, red, blue, and gold, from the dry and parched ranges to sip at the only water within many miles ; nor need I do more than mention the tameness of the flocks of wild turkeys on the plains which afforded us good sport on the way, or the shocking crossing of creeks, where saplings had to be cut down and laid side by side several feet deep before the drays could cross the ravines. All these particulars have been already described by more fluent pens than mine. On the evening of the third day, we were within ten miles of the diggings, and encamped not far distant from a small shanty, at which beer was sold of a curious sickly taste, and a color such as would be produced by emptying a bottle of ink in a basin of soapsuds. Of course there was also the inevitable dark brandy to be had, from which we steered clear; but water we must have, and that was also to be purchased at the reasonable rate of half-a-crown a bucket, or a billy would be filled for a shilling. What wretched stuff it was- black as gum leaves could make it, foaming annd seething in its putridity-but the thirsty horses and no less thirsty men drained their insufficient allow ances to the last dregs. It was while partaking of a drink of the beer aforesaid, at the shanty that the first mention of the noted bushranger Black Douglas was made in our hearing, A drayman who had been up and was returning from the rush, remarked that a party of miners from Mount McIvor had arrived at the diggings that morning who had been stuck up on the previous day by Black Douglas and his gang, who robbed them of upwards of £2od, and on one of the men resisting the searching process, unceremoniously felled him to the earth with a life preserver. One after another of those present joined in-the conversation, and gave further particulars of the outrages of the gang, who appeared to have made a dense scrub, about two miles in advance of the present camp, their head-quarters, front which they made excursions every few days, robbing, and afterwards maltreating every person they met with. Many were the maledictions bestowed upon the miscreants by the crowd of draymen and diggers assemnbed at the shanty, and deep were the threats of what they would do if they only had the chance to get a shot at the scoundrels. But while one great Yorkshire man was expressing his desire that the office of hangman to the wretches was given to him, I caught a glimpse of a sncering, scornful and savage expression on the by-no-means hand some countenance of the shanty keeper. that made me feel a thrill of positive horror, for the transient glimpse had revealel a look so pro found in its devilish cruelty and cunning, that I was intuitively warned the bushrangers had an active sympathiser in our host. Returning to our drays, I cautiously told the party what I had seen, and we organised a plan of keeping watch by turns during the night. We also mentioned our design to some other miners camped near' us,-- and moved our drays near each other in a circle, tying the horses within the enclosure..- About eight o'clock, most of the fires burnt low, and silence" reigned over the camp, save when a rude shout or song from the shanty let us know that Yorkey and two or three others were having a burst on the dark brandy. In another hour the shanty keeper helped the carrier and his mate to their waggon, and kindly assisted them to tether their, horses and" turn in,"' as they appeared rather stupid from their potatiions. Tom took the first watch, with a double barrelled musket and a revolver ready, for use, and I lay down sad slept till two'oclock, when my turn came, and I was awakened to act as sentry. I was soon ready, as I had laid down all dressed, and Bill; who had relieved Tom, handed me the weapons, saying in a tired whisper, " It is all quiet as yet; good morn ing." I sat down under the overhanging tarpaulin, for the dew was falling heavily, and listening to the ceaseless chirrup of the insects, the mournful wail of the bittern, and the deep tones of the mopoke, with an occasional yelp of a dingo, and a whirr as a flying squirrel sailed in a downward angle from one tree to another. The moon was in her third quarter, and by the indistinct light I sit and hearkened in meditative mood to the mingled voices 'of the night in an Australiant forrest.". Suddenly the clink of a stirrup awoke my senses to acute ness, and I saw cautiously coming out of the bush towards the shanty a line of six horsemen, who 'glided like' shadows' across the heavy grass in silence. The back entrance was thrown open, and one rider dismounted and entereed the hut, while the rest remained on horseback near the door. In about ten minutes the shanty keeper came out, and a bottle was passed round to each rider for drink, two or three bundles of stores were handed up on the saddles, and then the leader came out and a whispered conference ensued. I saw our late host pointing several times to where the tents and drays were standing in the moonlight, and I was apprehensive that an attack was almost to be made. My hand was under the cover to shake my mate when the leader jumped on horsiback, and as he turned away the moon revealed a dark and massive countenance with thick, curling, black beard, and I knew by the description Black Douglas. Back into the bush went the riders, their forms gradually melting from view, and Tom slept on, while I uncocked the musket and continued my watch. Another half hour, and a noise on the dry creek bank showed two of the carrier's horses broken loose and straying away. I did not stir to hinder them but watched on. The gray light of morning came, one by one the sleepers awoke, and Yorkey with heavy steps went grumbling away after his strayed horses. Breakfast was over, and we were ready for a start, when we saws the carrier return with out his horses., He came at a shambling trot to where we stood, the perspiration standing in great beads upon his face. He seemed per fectly exhausted and could only gasp 'out, " Robbed of all I had got by that d~--d' Black Douglas.' .. , To be continued. . 