fBM$ceHatteoud+ Ob, tell me of rnral glades, Of^fresb, free air and sparkling rills, And prate no more of sylvan shades, Of seething rivers,son-kissed hills. Go, bumpkins, take your fillof them, Whilst I 'mid peaceful pleasures stray, • Sach as the tea at fivep. The german and the matinee. Let others hnnt the timidroe, The bounding stag, the subtle hare, WhilstT in solitude will go And stalk the oyster in bis lair. Let restless spirits hunt the snipe, : Of prairie chickens slay a host, And still the plover's pensive pipe ; But give me calm and quail on toast Go, ribalds,toy with finnytribes, ' : And think to take their lives no sin ; Bat give to me, and spare yoor gibes, The peaceful joy of terrapin. From babbling brook and rippling rill, Mad roysterers, go drink; 'tis vain, I only ask to drink my fill Of frozen absinthe and champagne. Let coarse young swains in folly stray, With rosy maids with hair a-curl ; I only ask a neat coupe And supper with a ballet girl. ' c Ye madcap wights, who riseat dawn, Insatiate to dig and delve, I do not envy ye ; but on I'll slumber till tbe hour of twelve. . Attune your pipes, attend your flocks, And toot your flutes,if joy it brings ; I am content to have a box' When Adelina Patti sings. With Chloe fair, and Phyllis sweet Dispart ye in yonr sylvan shrine ; \- An heiress with a fortune neat Is much more in my simple line. 1 Go, breathe yonr incense-laden air ' With fragrance of the clover blooms ; Its odois never can compare With Monsieur Lnbin's nice perfumes. Go revelin thy rose-clad cot, Voluptuary sybarite, A brown-stone front shall be my lot Replete with simple, pure delight. The Last Man.—There is one individual that we have always felt gr&t; sympathy for and that is the last man in the procession. He doesn't want to be the last man, of coarse, but implacable fate pats him there and there he seems to stay. There's no way of getting out of it. Did^you ever wait long enough too see the last man in a great street parade? Of course there must be a last man in a procession as there is.a head man tolead it. He is that thrice unfortunate individual who closes up tbe rear. He grows tiredof waiting, long before the procession gets under way, and ha half a mind tobreak ranks and go home. The crowds press on him and little boys jeer him Then, as the long procession moves down the street, he is conscious all the time that every body will be weary of the «how by the tim he comes along, laboriously bringing up the rear, and no matter how well he may march no one is going to pay .any attention to him. Hisonly utility seems to be to keep tbe big express wagons from crowding on to the fel lows proceeding him The rear of a long procession always straggles more or less, and it becomes necessary for those .composing it to break in£o a sharp run frequently, in order to avoid getting left altogether. Then it is that the last manhas a veiy distressing-time of it. .Dogs chase him and bark at his heels. He is cnt off by a wagon ata cross street, which whips in and prevents his joining the main body, and if he isn't nimble enough to jump over the wagon, he is liable to get mixed up with a}l sorts of vehicles and cursed by thedrivers individually and collectively. Sometimes he is compelled to make a long detour of side and parallel streets in order to catch np with the procession again. The populace are not favorably disposed to the last man, somehow. There is a disposition tohoot at him, and mischievous fellows have been knows to throw obstacles in his way to trip him up. We have seen him trip on a hoop, stumble over an old wheelbarrow, roll over a barrel and be knocked down fla by an express wagon going half a block. You can't, help admiring the persistency of the man and his evident determination to bring np the rear at whatever personal sacrifice. It is a thankless operation, though. Virginia. Tradition.—Once in the life of every man he hears the seven whistlers* call They are strange birds on whom mortal eyes have never rested, the whistle of whose wings sometimes foilsnpon the startled ear.- And there is alwaysaportent of something momentous for good or evil, even though tbey may not dree their weird " for weeks after the seven whistlers' call. lake all portents, their coming is mœtly in thé gloaming. For then, after all, is the " witching hour." There is in the quiet of a secluded country side in the twilight shadows which falls from the heavens a mystical significance of another world, and of the flimsystructure of the veil intervening, which is tobe fonnd at no other hour of the twenty-four. It is then, by some lonely wood pond, or in some valley circled by woods, that this hush is broken bya faint, far beat, distinct note in the air, not on earth or in tbe sky overhead, taken up and repeated six times, and ever growing clearer and tnore distinct, and finallypealing away with a rush of wing3and a sound of passing like 4hat which in all the Mediterranean islesBingled the death of ' 1 the Great Pan " when Christ was bom. Novels-—Many novels, interesting enough and well written, are only calcolated to lead the mind astray. Novels," like other bows, are made tosell, and so competition is lively, authors vie with each other in the effort to fill the pages of their works with the moet interesting exciting plots that the imagination can invent. It is not to that dies of novels known to be decidedly obscène that reference is made. These are condemned professedly, by society, and in many of the States their sale is prohibited. Bat the popular mind is often so closely allied to the openly impure literature we condemn, as to be scarcely worthy a better name than that which is reputed. The language, it is true, is cautiously selected to clothe tbe thoughts; bat the sentiment is offensive topurity and moral character. Yet this is very largely the class of novels thai Î3 most; eagerly sought and read. Unhappy marriages are largely the result of such novel reading, and to the same canse may mainly be attributed the separations and divorces of the present day. Owning a Home.—A man who is working to seenre a small piecé of property substitutes a new and distinct ambition for a remote and vague one.' "?Bay dreams about laigè estates and pripcely inoomes may be veiy amusing, bnt they are not half so profitable as a division of à lot onelmndred^ee by two himdrea, witii a snug'little dwelling house flpon it. With this before him. a man will rise early and retire late, -toniing 45s band cheerfully to any and every kind of Work. He will have a motive foir rigorôns economy whjch will make lit a pleasure. : He will have ihe vision of the last payment befgrehim as a perpetaal motive tomoderation frotir expensive iuuons. Thus it will come tojuistsiba cionsîlebt, incan»l «t the begimnng of'a journeyman's or l abOTi^fi careCT/m become his good genius, Ova him, foisting him to till industry and :«elf-gov>!m ment. ..* ' -.r'-ï-V V.v,--^-V/- ' It Is acriticidn^e^ ihlifè^h^iidSdSé age «wakens a man from tiie^^oîàihat have beéh crowning :thèearïier yetâs vnth inwaiîd ghSry. JSdme are willing «to let the visionand the dream pass into easy oblivion, ^Mte they basten toinafce up-for 1get time in cloBe^ursui t of :theniain.«hi«ce. ro&ets; «an ithan their own leaKàhd the ghost of iheïr dea^ «af^haunïâ thçm with an ëtoKÊÊSfegi A Gilded Youtli's Pastoral. 