9FORTIWG TOPICS. By the " Sportsman " Staff. Wi again remind our readers that next week the Sportsman will be issued a day later than usual, viz., on Thursday. Thie step has been taken in conseqnence of the enlargement of the Daner hv eioht columns, sod the fact that the heavy iasae of this journ.l will be printed on entirely new machinery. In addition, Queen's Birthday falls on the Tuesday, .'.nd we wish to make as complete as pos- ible our reports of racing, athletic, and tlier events occurring on that day. The sub-commit ee of the V.R.C. -.'iailed the Flemington Dour « yaatura.y, -nd decide) to alter the jump at the rbattoira and the first jump in tbe straight a few yards in poeition, in order o secure better ground fur th- ir occu- nncy. Undo present arra gementa, then the horses have safely negotiated .be jump at the abattoirs, they cnt i orose to <lie next. Thie will be obviated y running a fence in a cu-ve from th- abattoir jump Imost up to the next jump. The horses will by going round the curve secure amuoh better position and a straight ran to the succeeding jump. The ranger, Jonathan Brown, has been in- Btruoted to have the alterations indicated « ade prior to the M.H.C. meeting on Qneen'e Birthday. The eub-oommittee euggeat that jockeys intending to ride on Queen's Birthday at Flerniugton should go round the coarse beforehand, so t at they will be familiarised with the altered position of the jumps. The handicaps for the Wahgunyah meeting on the 24th May have been for warded to us. Geno.i ia top weight in the three principal handicaps, with 9et. 81b. in t're Flying Handicap, 9st. 31b. in tbe Town Plate, and 8st. 121b. in the Wahgunyah Handle ip. He should about win tbe Flying Handicap, while Black Diamond may appropriate the Wahgunyah Handicap, and the Town Plate may fall to Larrikin. All Gold and Hogmanay left for Sydney yesterday, and Marmion and Fernandez likewise travelled in the same train. Goodwood and Bohemian will go aoroBB the b >rder to-morrow. On Wedoesday last, Huon, who was the only competitor left in to eontest the Champion Trotting Stallion Race in con nection with the Sydney' Driving Park Clnb, essayed to break the beat public record for one mile, in order to win the 100 sovs., tbe conditions of the race provid ug that in the event of there being only one starter he would have to beat 2inin. 34£sec to win. Baldwin, a driver from the States, tooled the big grey, who took 2min. 37 l-5th see. to cover ths mile at the first time of asking. On the second occasion he trotted tbe distance in 2min. 35iv c., and at tiie third try he did the journey in a second faster than the record. The performance was somewhat discount d, however, by a break daring a portion of the go. In connection with the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting at Flemington, on Queen's Birthday, the Railway commissioners announce in another column that apeoisl trains will run as required from 10.30 am. to 2.30 p.m. Walking about in the paddock at Moonee Valley on Saturday Jast were Mr. O. L. M-Donald'e two colts, purchased at (he annual sale of- ibe Morpbettville yearlings in March last. Tbe brother- to Hortenae, who is somewhat similarly marked to First Consul, was aa qniet aa a selling plater. The other, Impetus, is not bnilt so largely aa the son of Josephine, bnt he ie a nice youngster. The Moc ee Valley Race were held on Saturday last, and a cold, miaerable after noon it proved. There was a good attend ance, howev-r, when the candidates for Maiden Selling Race hononn weighed out. Bugler, a eon of The Drummer and Blink B nny, by The Barb, was made a warm farnnrite, and the issuo was never in doubt, aa he won easily from Maud and Brlnkmsn. Black Jack, when going to the poet, bolted, end ran about fonr miles before he stopped. The West Bonrke Handicen nroveii a wood thing for Snnshadp, Sparkle, who was well backed, being third. Landeeer was made favourite for the Hurdle Race, aud, despite his penalty, won that event ae easily as he did at Mordialloc. Umbra (with the steadier of 8st. 131b.) was voted a moral for the May Handicap, and so she proved, el belt Sorcerer came very feet at he finish. Success (wi Ii odds of 6 to 2 on) carried off 'he Selling Race somewhat eaa ly fr. ra Liddingtnn, with whom he interfered in tiie straight, and Aohmet brought a disastrous dsy'e proceedings f r the bookmakers to a claee fay winning cleverly from Fair Saxon and Agatha. Sporting residents of Sandhurst are rem'nded that a special train will leave Sandhurst at 9 am. for the Mitiamo Races, to be held on the Queen's Blrti:- tffoet OA th Maw 1QQ7 natlini at mil inta-_ mediate stations. Tickets issuable at ex cursion rates. Depart from Mitiamo at 6.30 p.m. Should the weather prove pro pitious a very large gathering may be expecte). Mitiamo acceptances and general entriee are due on Friday night. The final acceptances, together with eweeps, are due on Thursday night nt 8 o'clock in connection with the Broken Hill Jockey Clnb Winter Meeting, which takea plac on Saturday. Entries for the Maidens, Novel Selling Race, and Corin thian Cup close at the eame time. Registered trainers and jockeys are requested to call at the office in Bonrke- street on Thursday for their tickets for Saturday's races at Eleternwick. Acceptances and general entries for the Lai Lai Falls Turf Clnb Meeting, on the 2ith May, are due to-night at Hsger'a Criterion Hotel, Ballarat. Acceptances in connection with the Wahgnnyah Queen's Birthday Meeting must be declared before eight o'clock on Friday night The privileges in connection with the Hnnt Club Meeting on the 24th May were sold by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. on Monday witli the following result: — No. 1 booth, grand stand and hill, Henry Skinner, £11 ; No. 2 do , Mr. Scudd, £10 ; No. 3 do., Henry Skinner, £16 ; No. 4 do., Henry Skinner, £13 , No. 6 do , Henry Skinner, £25 , oyster booth o hill, F. A. Brewer, £1 ; fruit alU) mi -UUI, oueepn Mana. £1 ; Mo. O booth on flat, M. Gately, £7 10s. ; No. 6 do., M. Gate'y, £7 10s. , inter carriage- Dad dock, Barnard, £5 ; gates, J. Farmer, £34. The Bar awartha races will take place to- morrow. A nice programme of eix events ie arranged for decision, including tha Barnawatlia Handicap of 30 sovs. The all-important day to racing men — the 6th of June — ia approaching. On that date nominations are due for the following events in connection with the V.R.C. :— Maribyrnnnr Plate and Melbourne Cup (Spring Meeting, 1887), Normanby Stakes (Summer Meeting, 1888), Ascot Tale Stakes and Champion Stakes (Winter Meeting, 1888), Derby and Oaks (Spring Meeting, 1888), St. Leger and Sires' Pro duce Stakes (Automn Meeting, 1889), and Foal . StakeB (Spring Meeting, 1889). This is written in the way of a timely reminder. Tbe lliorough-bred stallion, Forest King, was awarded the bine ribbon in the class for three-year-olds and over at tbe Dubbo Agricultural Show laat week. He aleo took the Champion prize, Rapid Bay securing second honours. A trotting match between Mr. J. Leek's pony All Fours and Mr. B. Davis' Sydney pony Dody will take place oo Saturday next at the Eleternwick Park races . The stewards of the Wyndham Racing Club have reconsidered the protest entered against Lightsiep in the District Race at the last race meeting, and dismissed it. Lightstep has been awarjed tbe stakes. At the Dunkeid Races laat week a dog ran between the legs of a horse named Paddy in the Trial Stakes Bnd threw him down. The horse brokelhia leg, and had to be 6hot. The jockay was severely shaken. Another accident occurred in the Ladies' Bracelet, where a horse named Dismiss injured Ilia fetnck ao badly that he bad to be shot. The Pencil, who pre viously has been a dlaaypointiiig animal, appropriated the principaihandicap . f the meeting, and Victim, a ion of B.A., won tiie two welter races. I j A rather peculiar case has been under th- consideration of the'Coleraine Racing Club. At the annual rice meeting of the club last mo th the Opep Handioap was won by L ttle Footsteps, Ocean, the Grand National Hurdle nee winner, being second. After the rate T. Ferguson, the trainer of Ocean, entered a or -teat against Little Footstep- (who ia owned by Mr. Croas) on the ground that the mare bad ran nnder the nams' of Blue Bonnet at Harrow in 1884. Hobv contradictory declarations were male on tbe protest being considered, onejaide swearing that the two mares wereiidentioa, and the Other side jast being ak positive that they were. not. The alewirds, after a long hearing, considering that there was not sufficient proof, liamissed the pro test. Mr. Ferguson his given notioe of appeal to the V R.O., an) the stakes have not been paid over, pending the result of the appeal. Fniler particalare of thecaae appear elsewhere. ! Mr. Watson was very severe with the joekeye at Moonee Valley on Saturday. In tbe West Bourko Handicap, Moniaoa, Carey, and O'Connor Vers each fined £10, and Williamson and St. Baoehua, in the May Handicap, werelfined £6 esqht Before onr next issne is published the English Derby will have been ran, the great three-yeir eld event being fixed for the 26th inet. The Baron has been the favourite all through the winter at home, and the la est quotation to hand abont him was 5 to 1 offered and taken, while Mr. Douglas Baird's Enterprise was second favourite at 8 to 1. The Utter c It, however, appropriated the Two Thousand Guineas Stakes the other day, and probably will etart very nearly ae good a favourite ae The Baron. Tre Deniliqnin Jockey Club have adopted the following programme for their annual meeti g on the 19th and 20th July : — Maiden Plate. £20 ; Stiow Handicap, £30 ; Handicap Hurdle Race, £75 ; D.J.C. Handicap, £100 ; Steeple chase, £120 ; Second Hurdle Race, £50 ; Town Plate, £30 ; Ladies' Bracelet, £60 ; Flying Stakes, £20 ; Handicap Sellicg Race, £25. The conditions of the Lady Carrington prize, to be ran in connection witb the annual race meeting of Sydney Tatter- eall'e Clnb on the 31et December and 2nd January next, are announced. The race ia for two-year-olde at the time of racing (now yearlings). Colte will carry Set. 71b., and fillies and geld- in ve 8st. 4ib., the distance being fire fnrlonge. The club aided £500 to a sweepstake of 10 eova. each. Nomina tions for thie event close on the 5th July. In connection with the Geelong Racing Club nominations close on Monday, 6th June, for the Sires' Produce Stakes of 1889 (for now foals), and the Foal Stakes of 1890 (for now foals). Particuiare of the different events will he found in ear advertising coiamnB. In regard to matters aquaticourSydney correspondent last night telegraphed : — Neil MatteraonandPet r Kemp ha ve at last signed articles for a match over tbe cham pion course for £200 a aide and a hand some silver cop. The race will be rowed on 2>;d July. The Victorian eight-osr crew, who have taken up their quarters at Ryde, have now fairly got settled. They are doing good work, and have already made a favourable impression. From what baa been eeen of them a good judge declares them superior to the New South Wales crew, and their chance ' of winning are regarded as rosy. Hogmanay and All Gold left yesterday morning to take part in the Sydney Turf Club Riyal Stakes and Queens Birthday Cup. Walter Hiceenbotham has received au addition to hie string of horses io The Andes. Honeybee has been treated to a spell A mare by Tiie Ace, and one that looks like negotiating the little e ticks, has joined Mr. S. G- Cook's team at Fleniingt' n. Oob Coalfield correspondent writes : The Ghost, who has disappointed his friends eo often of late, has" been put through some jumping exercise over the hurdles. Th- Marquis of Waterford, tli- Sussex horse, who, I am informed, has been named Weesex Murger II. , and a useful-looking mare by Slanderer, and Stockman have all been doing strong work over tbe big sticks. 'Ben Bull and Lord Cochrane have, during the paet week, i J--s wort iD company. Ths former, 1 am told, leaves for Sydney to-morrow. Ferna-dez and Bohemian have both been striding along.. They wi 1 b - leaving daring the next day or so to fulfil their Sydney engagements. Trenton and Silt-ermine, who are both looking fresh and healthy, are in steady work again. Camerine, who lias been spelling owing to an injury she received at Geelong, ia again in preparatory work. The latest report f Batty 'a condition ia favourable, and he ia programing hb well as could be expec ed. It is the intention of the V.R.C. to cs 1 for tenders shortly for the rieht of selling liquors and catering generally at the Fltmington Racecourse for a period of three years. The conditions of the Great Metr. po- litan Stakes, to be run in connection with the Spring Meeting of the Aust alian Jockey Club, are published thie week. They are identical wiib those of last year. , There ia a sweepstake of 20 sovs. each, with 500 addhd ; the distance being two miles. Nomination, acc-mpamed hy Hre first fori it of 5 eove. , may be made np the 6th June. The publication of the handicaps for tbe Melbourne Hunt Club meetiDg has not led to any wageiing on the event. For the Sydney Birthday Cup Ben Bolt wee last night supported f-r a little money at hundreds to seven. There ia nothing else doing in the betting line. The famous Hungarian mare died at KiBber Stnd laat month, after recently dropping a filly foal by Doncaster. Among the records "i unbeaten horses that of Kincsem ie at once remarkable and unique, for while ehe won in her time over all courses, she may be almost said to have won in all countries, since her vict ries were achieved in England, France, aud various parts of Germany. She waa by Oambnsoan (a sire who -s a two-year-old won some good racea for the late laird Stamford), out of Water Nymph, a mare bred in Hungary, and purchased for a mere trifle by Mr- Blascovi z, a merchant of Buda-Pmth. Space will not permit of a detailed reference to the different racea won by Kincaem, but corn- idea of her remarkab e career may be gathered from the following particuiare : — Elar first appearance on a racecourse was at Berlin on 21st June, 1876, in the First Criterion, for two-year-olds. This she won in a canter, and other stakes among the ten she secured as a youngster were the Comparison Prize at Hanover, and the Criterion at Hamburg, besides earn-j ing winning brackets at r ranKIorl-oil-uie-j Maine, Baden-Baden, Peeth, and Prague. As a three-year-old ehe carried off the Austrian Derby, the Trial Stakes, aud the Emperor's Prize, at Vienna ; G and Prize at Hanover ; Hungarian St. Lager, at P-ath, and other events; bnt it was in the following year (1878) that she set the eeal on her fame. In this season she always carried big weights in her races, being penalised u all those run on the Continent, the only one in which ehe escaped a penalty being tbe G odwood Cup. Having carried off a number of prises, sbe waa shipped for England, with a view to competing at the 8anx Meeting, and on the Gup day she had for her opponents for the duoal trophy, Pageant and Lady Gkiiightiy. Mr. Gretton's old gelding started t 5 to A, Lady Golightly at 2 to 1, and Kincsem at 5 to 2, bnt the latter scored an easy two lengths win in tiie hands of Madden, who had ridden her in all her races. Mr. Blazoovitz'a filly was then sent to oompeti in tbe Grand Prize at Dmnville, which she won cleverly, among the aeven Opposing her being Fontaineblean, who was jnet then in good form ; end going once more to Baden-Baden, she won tbe Grand Prize there after a dead heat with Prince Giles the First. Her five-year-old career was another eeries of successes, bnt having sustained some injuries in the stable it was f und Impossible to race her for another season, and she was sub sequently pnt to the atnd. In stakes Kincaem won in ronnd figures about £20,000, and her consecutive wins may be thus summarised : — At two years old, ten ; at three years old, seventeen ; at fonr years old, fifteen ; at five years old, twelve — making in all fifty-four races. 