CONSECRATION CEREMONY" AT ST. MARY'S, SYDNEY. (FE03I A SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) Sydney, Aug. 29th, 1887. Some time after the iatelligence was re ceived from Rome of the appointment of the Very Rev. Dean Doyle, of Lismore, to the new episcopacy of Grafton, and Monsignor Hutchinson, for some time Vicar Apostolic of Northern Queensland, and now Vicar Apostolic of Cooktown (Qd.), with full episcopal authority, it was arranged that the two consecrations might take place at St. Mary's Cathedral at the one time. Yesterday being the day ap pointed for the religious celebration, one might judge the interest taken in the double ceremony by the crowded state of St. Mary's Cathedral, the congregation, notwithstanding the heavy rain, number ing fully 4000. The management of af fairs was entrusted to members of the Holy Guild (in full regalia), who pre vented anything like unnecessary crush ing. The rite of consecration, according to the Roman ritual, commenced at 10 o'clock, with a procession from the Sa cristy to the Sanctuary, which presented a most animated appearance throughout the Cathedral. The ecclesiastical pageant; headed by a cross bearer and a number of scarlet-robed acolytes—some swinging in cenBe, and others carrying lighted can dles—accompanied by the Masters of Ceremonies, after which came the clergy in their black soutannes and white laced cottas, then the non-officiating bishops in their beautiful purple robes, with rich silken mantelletas and large gold crosses, then the bishops elect (Dr. Doyle in his rich purple robes, and Dr. Hutchinson in sombre-coloured robes)—accompanied by their chaplains—then the two assistant bishops of the consecration in purple, and "wearing their massive gold chain and crosses, attended by their chaplains, and lastly his Eminence the Cardinal Arch bishop, attired in his magnificent red robes, with an enormous train of rich silk,. carried by two sanctuary boys in scarlet soutannes. His Eminence Car dinal Moran was then escorted to the Archiepiscopal Throne, which had been beautifully decorated for the occasion. Then the Masters of Ceremonies—the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, of St. Mary's Cathedral, and the Rev. P. V. Dwyer, of the Maifcland diocese—conducted the dig- j nitaries and priests, according to their rank, to the right and left of the High I Altar. The following prelates occupied the gospel side of the Sanctuary:—His Grace Archbishop Reynolds, of Adelaide, S. A.; the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn ; the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst; the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wilcannia; and the Right Rev. Dr. Raimondi, Bishop of Hong Kong, China. On the opposite side were : The Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland; the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, O.S.E.C., Bishop of Armi dale; and the bishops elect—the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle, and the Right Rev. Dr. Hutchinson. The following clergy were also presentThe Very Rev. Dr. Car roll, Vicar General of Sydney; the Very Rev. Dr. Sheridan, V.G.; the Venerable Archdeacon Rigney ; the Very Rev. Dr. Murphy, Rector of St. John's College; the Very Rev. M. O'Callaghan, C.M., Superior of the Vincentians ; the Very Rev. P. Slattery, O.S.F., Superior of the Franciscans ; the Very Rev. F. Couloig nier, S.M., Superior of the Marists ; the Very Rev. D. Clancy, S. J., Rector of St. Aloysius College; the Very Rev. John Ryan, S.J., President of St. Patrick's College, Melbourne ; the Very Rev. Dr. O Haran; the Very Dean O'Connor, of Armidale; the Very Rev. Dean M'Car ihy; the Rev. Joseph Colman, O.S.A., Prior of the Augustinians, Echuca, Vic toria ; the Very Rev. Edmund Vaughan, C.S.S.R., Superior of the Redemptorists ; the Very Rev. D. A. Mitchell, O.S.F.C., Glen Innes; the Very Rev. P. Le Ren netel, S.M.; Rev. T. Long; Rev. S. Cummins, S.M.; Rev. M. Glasheen: Rev. M. Murlay, S.M.; Rev. P. Ryan ; Rev. W. Keating; Rev. W. Coffey; Rev. Paul Ohio, China ; Rev. T. O'Reilly; Rev. M. Mooney, O.S.A., Echuca, Va.; Rev. D. Doyle, Lismore ; Rev. J. Byrne; Rev. E. O'Connor ; Rev. P. T. Corcoran, Morpeth ; Rev. P. V. Dwyer, West Mait land ; Rev. C. M. G. Van Der Heyden Chiltera, Victoria ; Rev. J. H. Doyle, Kempsey; Rev. Gerald Doyle, Ballarat,' Victoria; Rev. M. Campion, Bathurst; and Rev. T. Barlow. His Eminence the Cardinal officiated as consecratorand cele brant of the High Mass, assisted by five attendants: the Veiy Rev. Dr. Carroll, assistant priest; the Very Rev M. O'Calla ghan and the Very Rev. Dean M'Carthy, deacons of the throne; the Rev. J. J.' Byrne, deacon, and the Rev. E. O'Con nor, subdeacon, of the Mass. The assist ant bishops of the consecration were the Right Rev. Dr. Murray and the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, and were attended by their chaplains (the Rev. P. T. Corco ran, of Morpeth, and the Very Rev. Dean O'Connor, of Armidale). The bishops elect—the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle and the Right Rev. Dr. Hutchinson—had as their chaplains the Rev. D. Doyle, of Lismore, and the Rev. Prior J. Coleman, O.S.A., of Echuca, respectively. The grand ceremony commenced by the consecrator demanding the apostolic mandate autho rising the consecration, and this having been read aloud in the Latin text by the Very Rev. M. O'Callaghan, the bishops elect on bended knees took the usual oath of fidelity and devotion to the Pope, after which the customary examination of the bishops elect was proceeded with, and, in reply to the questions, they answered in the Latin words, " Credo" (I believe) and " Yolo" (I will). Amongst other obliga tions, the bishops elect promised: "To receive, teach, and keep the traditions of the orthodox fathers, and the authorita tive enactments of the holy and apostolic see ; to preserve humility and patience in themselves, and teach the like to others, and, for the sake of God's name, to be affable and merciful to the poor, to the stranger, and to all in need; observe themselves, and teach others to observe, chastity and sobriety ; to continue bonds men in the affairs of God, and estranged from earthly affairs and base lucre, as far as human frailty permits them." The consecration followed immediately after the singing by the choir of the Litany of Saints and the beautiful hymn, " Veni Creator Spiritus" (Come Holy Ghost Crea tor, come). The consecrator, in anoint ing the heads of the bishops elect, used the words: "Be thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of High Priest by heavenly benediction, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." In anointing their hands he said: "Be these hands anointed with sacred oil and the chrism of sanctification, as Samuel anointed David to be king and prophet, so be they anointed and conse crated, in the name of God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, bearing on them the holy cross of Our Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ, who redeemed us from death and obtained for us the kingdom of Heaven." The blessing and presentation in turn of the Book of Gospels, the crozier or pastoral staff, the mitre, and episcopal ring was very impressive. When they were arrayed in their pontificals, the newly consecrated bishops were conducted through the Cathedral during the singing by the choir of the " Te Deum," or Hymn of Thanksgiving, bestowing their blessing on the kneeling congregation. Returning to the Sanctuary, the kiss of peace was given by the new prelates, and the rite of consecration closed after each prelate had pronounced the solemn episcopal benedic tion to the congregation from the High Altar. The Rev. John Ryan, S.J., Pre sident of St. Patrick's College, Melbourne, then preached an eloquent sermon on the consecration. The text was—'' Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops to rule the Church of God." He alluded to the different episcopacies, the powers of bishops, the Pope's authority, the vitality of the church. He also spoke in strong terras on the education system, and said it was true they were and ever will be opposed to that system of educa tion which does not recognise God. The music of theconsecration service was indeed excellent; the management was under Mr. J. A. Delaney, conductor of the choir, and Mr. T. P. Banks officiated as organist. The service lasted from 10 till 2 p.m.; during that time the choir sang, at the commencement of the service, " Ecce Sacerdos Magnus" (Behold the Great Priest), and, at the conclusion, Rom berg's " Te Deum" was effectively ren dered. The music during the Pontifical High Mass was as follows:—Kyrie, Gloria, and Credo from Mozart's No. 2 ; Sanctus and Benedictus from " Weber," in G ; Agnus Dei from Van F?ee No. 2; ■ and Luzzi's " Ave Verum," sung as the j offertory solo by Madame Mez. The j prineipals .were — Madame Mez (so-1 prano), Miss Stafford (contralto), Mr. I Barrett (tenor), and Messrs. O'Halloran 1 and Glancy (bass). As the congregation j left the church the "Trideum March" ! was beautifully played on the organ. 