'IT he CumlMHUu EiGGtonuo. to ti1u editor op the chronicle, Sir, — Seeing that already there aro parties out canvassing tho above district in favour of a squatter, viz., Mr. Cory, I think it nocosHAry to caution my brothor fnrinors against promis ing thoir votes until such time as tlioro In a nearer prospect of an oleetion. It scorns to mo Hint tho unseemly hunto iu ouuvassimr ovon beforo the old ARsomblyhnHoxplred, anu whon probably it may bo months boforo any olootion can tako place, is just iu keeping with tho grasping disposition continually shown, by Kqiinltors. They already represent probably thron- fourths or moro of the outiro colony, and yot thoy aro not satisfied, but want to grasp v tho vory fow oiootoratos occupied almost ox- cluslvoly by farmers, yot I do not wish it to bo thought that I havo any partioular dislike to squatters, ospocially to tho gontlomun abovo- montionod, whom I liavo known for ovor twonty yoars and rospout vory highly, ' Squatters havo dono a great deal in opening ' up tho country and still contribute largoly to ; its prosperity, but mv argument is that thoy nhould coullno thomsolvos to squatting oiootor atos nnd not try togobblo up tho vory four puroly farming constituouccH. No doubt Mr. Oory could bo returned for almost any of tho squatting districts, nnd nothing would givo tna moro plcnsuro than to sco a man llko Mr. Cory in Parliament, but at tho same timo it would bo against both my wish and interest, and also that of .my brolhor farmers, to sco hint rotnrnod for a farming constituency to tho exclusion of a puroly farming representative. It suroly roust bo seen by tny friends, us it is scon and known by mo, that tho interests of farmers aiul squuttorn aro as opposito as thoy well can bo, hardly onofoolingin common, ami Mr. Cory, rolatod as ho is with Mr. Taylor, tho nrinco or Hqimttors, could not for 0110 momont bo ox4 pouted to havo much sympathy with termors, thoroforo lie is not a Buituolo person to ropro- sent an olootorato such as Camhooya, and I trust my brothor termors will pause aud con sider boforo committing thomuulvos to any enndiduto who is not with thomsolvoH in ovory partioulnr. Suroly amongst all tho termors in ' this district there can bo found ono with suf ficient ability to reprcsout tho rest, and ona In whom thuy can placo implicit trust. Truo.ho may not ho as clover a statesman as Sir Thomas MThvraith, nor so cloquont or learttod.m political oeonamy as Sir Samuol Griffith, yot ho might bo ovon moro UHofnl than oithor of tliotu as a termors' roprosentativo— tho principle qualification for which is a littlo common boiiho, nnd a thorough know- ' lodgo of tho requirements of farmors. Now I think it is patent to almost ovory doctor in C'ambooyn, tliat for tlio lustfowyears this vory district was almost tmroprosonted, being joined in with tho Warwick distriot. Tho two votos from tho latter placo completely annulled tho vote for this district, but now that tho termors havo what may. bo termed a puroly terming constituency I trust thoy will show that thoy appreciate tho privilogo by returning a termor, and nono but a farmer, to roprcscnt thorn. Whatever may liavo boon tho failings and short comings of Sir Samuel Griffith nnd Ills party wo aro are at loast indobtod to thorn foe tlio clootoralo of Camhooya. ami it will ho our own fault it wo allow it to bo manipulated to suit tho interests of other parties whoso inftu- onco is already much too great for the gonoral prosperity of tlio colony. But Mr. Cory is not tho only 0110 spokoii of oh aspiring to tho iionor ' of representing Camhooya. One ncavor homo, Mr. Davidson, of Wcstbroolc, is uIho mon tionod, but uxautly the namo objections apply to him, and I am miro ho has hardly a neigh- hour but highly respects him uud would 00 only too proud to boo a porson of his ability in Parliament, hut in his own place, roprosont ing liisown friends, tho squatters, and not a fow poor termors. Ami thuro is still anothor por son 1 havo heard mentioned as a wontu-bo candidate, a groat man, an ox-Toowooinbn publican, but now a Govornmont official, ready ns I hear to sacriflco his offico puroly for tho ' suko of tho Cumbooya electors whoso interests ho considers moro than oven tho Halary by which ho lives. But might not this bo tlio old teblo ovor again " throw out a sprat to catch a salmon Might not tho introduction to Parliament of n groat inun liko this mean a largor salary on tho vory earliest opportunity P Thoroforo I trust my brothor cloctors will eorutiniflo very carefully tho motives of all outsiders soliciting thoir votos. Tlioro aro several othor reasons why only a termor should represent tho district. Ono is that tlio D.iyton doviutiou railway should ho carriod out at oneo. Surely the settlors along tho Warwick railway, und ovon tho Warwick pcoplo thomsolvos and thoso hoyond. who putronino tho Warwick rail way, havo sufforod long enough by having to both lose timo nml pay for 2U miles round by Clowrio Junction when an hour or two could bo saved ouch train, and Toowoomba roaohed - in nino milcK instead of twonty. I undorstand tho monoy is voted for this doviation, thon why not spend it. This infamous detour has ; boon lit orally a tax on this community for almost twenty years ; it is quite timo it wns re moved. But there is yet anothor reason why this doviation should bo carriod out— namely, that tho liuo from Ovorall Brldgo to Gowrio J miction could bo iakon up and utilised in making tho branch line to Wcstbroolc Home- stead Area— ro often promised and ho much required. The lato Minister for Works told 1110 himsolf that us soon as tho Drayton lino would bo carried out tho lino not used, would ho taken up, ami applied to another brunch lu that neighbourhood so that both tho southern and northern parts of this electorate aro interested in gutting a local representative. But ono word more beforo I closo. Ono of tho reasons urged in favor of Mr. Cory is that lie would certainly ho n supporter of Sir Thomas McUwraith ; that Sir Samuol Griffith and his lot will uot liavo tbo ghost of a ohanco in tho now Parliament ; nnd that Sir Thomas is ovon now suro of being Promier, Now I hope my brothor (doctors havo moro sonso than t( bo led astray by such bombast. I would liko to know what particular claim Sir Thomas .bus on tho colony gcnorally, and especially on farmers. Is it hccatiHoho wanted to make milHoiiarics of hiinHulf and friends by 0110 transaction and mako inimmorablo land lords for us nt tho namo time, aud bucauso ho could not carry out this most hoIAnIi and infamous railway traii.-aetion ho deserts bin post, throws ovon his own friends tho Hquattors overboard, and retires intoprJ'-at" life at a timo when tho colony was piMing through a most serious crisis through drought 4 ami other causes. No, my frauds if M thcro must bo a change o( Go\ rmm lit | tlio present leader of tho Onposili 11 Mr Morchcad, who nobly stopped into ll» 1 \ ap mado by tho desertion of Sir Thonuw und u h»i J" has manfully stood tbo test over niiici 1 iii F , thero must bo u change Mr. Morohea 1 1 ti 1 1 ' ijf Sir Thomas should bo our next Prcuuor. I am far from Haying that any chango isneor/ Bury, aud I hopo you will not be led 1 v,/ any such representation. No doubt il Jt £ h nud said truly, gco hy fc'ir fcaini JtT t <&\---. push tho t'm recta into ws. W®H thrar are perfect who novor mako a mistako, wwob if earriod ont wonld havo boon a most griovous ono; but I as firmly bolievo tho raintako was not Sir Samuel's own, but was forced on him by othor influential collcagnos whom ho could not woll resist, and I am iiorsuadod now that tho via is doomed, no one in bottor satisfied than Sir Samuel Griffith. I willonco moro bog of you, my brother doctors _to look boforo you leap. TJioro is plenty of timo yot boforo any olootion will tako placo. Do not committ yourselves. Bo sure that tho porson you voto for will not betray your interests. I Intended saying a fow words in favor of pro tection, but snaco in tills will nob pormit. Yours &c.;, A Camdoota Elector. 