s Sporting Gossip. TBy the Vaorant.1 Mi John Majo is n finn believer in the iule that I n man can do what he liles with bia own and therefore when ho found himself forestalled in his efforts to bael his mure The Queen for the Rojal Stakes and Birthday Cup (if ho evei meant to sup portlier) and also diseo\eied that The Jewel had been coupled with the daughter of Black Swan in doubles ho put the pen thiough then namc3 Just to make the lesion more seveiotothe foi estalléis ho took thehorses to Sjdney with lura and knowing the telegraph oflices would bo closed on Queen's Birthday ho left them in then races until that morning Thus the nnfoitnnate» had not an op poitunity of helgmg, and they íemaincd in blissful ignorance of then tiouble until the olhces wore io opened at six o clock m the afternoon Quite a pot of money thus left Newcastle pockets foi Sydney pencillers o\oi this affair, and many a too hasty plungci feels sad Backers will nevei tal e notice of the ndwca that it is safer and in the long run moie icmunera tive for thom to delay then opeiationa until they sec the girths tightened A good deal can be said on beth sides of tho question of forestalling and very oftenowneis find sciatelung is veiy much like biting their noie off to spito thou face Old Ascot a local bied son of Kelpie and The Thom, full brother to Men y Duchess, has gone to ftie stud in New Zealand At the Sydney Exhibition Mi George Clift sold Ins chestnut colt bj Robinson Crusoe from Waliuk to Mi Chbborn foi 200 guineas The colt, which îesembles Trident a good deal, will, it is said, go jntothe Hon James White s stable Mi Clift owns Walruk, who now has a fine Navigator foal at foot One of the must curious incidents I have heard of in that puzzling game of horse racing, is the following At a steeple chase lately run at Auteuil, m France there weie only two starters, Trident and Haut-Cloud At the first water pamp the former came to grief, and threw his jockey The horse's trainor who was standing by then mounted him but he also fell off A third rider then got into the saddle, and at the next water jump followed tho example of the others and dissolved paitneiship abmptly An Englishman named Baker then tued his luck, got tho horse over the bauiti, and went in pursuit of his opponent Haut- Cloud had by this time got a lead of half a mile, but he baulked at a fonce and Trident caught and beat lum amidst tiemendous cheering Hie four jockeys who bestiodo Trident had to go to stale, and tho encurastanco altogether deserves to be recoidod in the annals of racing The inteicolonial eight oai boat lace takes place on the Parramatta course this afternoon New South Wales, it is expected, will win Just 107 years ago the first English Derby was started, and Diomod was the first name inscribed on what is now a very interesting bead roll of equino lieroes of the past. Another blue ribbon found a destination on AVedncsday when the race went to Merry Hampton, a son of Hampton and Dolly Tear sheet, who had been well backed throughout the past months, but t,till backevs had the worst of it as Tho Baron, a red-hot favourite, had to play second fiddle, the son of Xeuophon being followed home by Martley (by Doncaster). It is somewhat curious that Tito Bard, a previously unbeaten colt, was second last year, and Tito Baron, whose first jj defeat it was, weat down on AVednesday. &L; j AAllleroo, who won the Birthday Cup at Rund ^J wick on Tuesday last, is an eleven-year-old son of Zetland, and through au infirmity had not boen out of his box for several days previous to the race. The veteran had been doing good work pome weeks ago, and he was backed with Centaur in one or two doubles, but tho only trouble to his supporters was the fact that they could not got rid of the money, and they thus in a manner won against their will. A stable boy wits laid £200 to 30s straight ont about him, and plenty 100's to one could be obtained. Paddy Pigott, the well known jockey, was in Newcastle on Thursday treating for the purchase of that arrant fiatcatcher Allandale, for whom a round some is asked. The' racehorse Tom Brown is very stiff and sore, and unless the son of Kelpie and Happy Thought, is treated to a lengthened spell it is very unlikely he will win a big race again. The Bikbano Cup was won by a horso called AVothcroudale, who few months ago was doing duty in the shafts of a buggy. So at one time, too, did, The Agent, the famous hurdle racer, previous to which he worked in a water cart in the streets of Adelaide. Fred Gerrard, the great Indian jockey, desires me to say he is willing to take an engagement as trainer and leading horseman. Bolero, who was purchased hy the Hon. John Eales on Thursday for £50, is intended to act as schoolmaster to several young colts and fillies which are in work at Duckenfield. It is said that the deceptive Recruit is to be sent to Queensland. There is a strange superstition prevalent at New- market to the effect that e vory night the ghost of the late Fred Archer mounts a shadowy white horse, and gallops round the heath. Mr. Jos. Brown's horse The Dreamer is to be treated to a rest. Little Comus, who has been running in a paddock at Wallsend for somo months, has been put into work again in Sydney by Jack Kerr. The Prophet, winner of the Sydney Cup in 1872, died a few days ago whilst cn route to a station at ?Normanton, Queensland. The Prophet, who was a beautiful horBo, was foaled 19 years ago at Tocal, and was by New Warrior from Paulino, by Cossack. Joe Thompson, the owner of Master John who won the Birthday Handicap at the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting on Tuesday, laid the wife of thetraincr-£100 to a shilling about tho colt, who beat a good field, the Hon. John Eales' cast-oil filly The Charmer being second. Particulars are advertised in this issue of the Bixth Grand Handicap to De run on the Newcastle Cricket Ground on July 14, 15, and 16. The prizes are £70 and a silver chronograph presented by Mr. John Griffdale, £20, £7, and £3. There is also a Hurdle Race of £30. A £10 Sheffield will take place at Cooranbong on June 11. It has been definitely decided that the military sports will take place at West Maitland on the 21st proximo, and therefore the proposed Jubilee race meeting of the Northern Jockey Club will lapse. | 