Tales-and Sketches. . . 1-,;ION-THE;SCENT;.V::(V' . T, Br LADY,M. MAJENDIE,' j Author of -" Dm," " OKOE KOBE," " SiarEBS -M] i ih-Law," &C.; ' [ThoiBight of Translation, is Rosoryod.} CHAPTER 1. ' "I wonder why there are BO many children . : in. the world: children'ore the greatest abomi ..: nation .m existence,!'!-'said Reginald, threading.. .. his way.,through Iuh innumerable brothers ana sisteip.to'.the sohoolroom firoplaco. A email sister, had., possession of the best arm-chair, a .: faded Jqhinbi' concern, with ears to it. . Beggie. of course dislodged her, and took possession,, whilo. little Xetty, perfectly satisfied of tho droits,-, d'atiie, mado no remonstrance, but Bq'uattod oh'tho rug. ? They.were all there. Beggie, homo from . Oxford; tho beautiful Janet, who enjoyed tho privilege of being grown up; Arthur, whoso luture-fato was not decided, but who was tho tallest, .handsomest, and most attractive-looking of tho lads, though , all unanimously declared that ho ;had.; inherited Saxon wits with Saxon beauty, and would never do any good with his brains. ' -Family tradition sticks hard, and it would require some startling action of genius ? on Arthur's port to shame fho pcrsistculc of his : reputation. . Little Letty, on the hearth-rug, crept up and leant againBt his long legB, sure of not being :rejqcted there, even though sho might bo an inconvenience and always in tho ??? way.!!-:,;/ Tola, an abbrevia,tion of Cenerentola, or tho Cinder-witch', sat upon the table; a littlo sun burnt brunette of seventeen, with curly brown hair.iand, eyes liko diamonds; and sho had children all; about her. Tommy, Johnnie, Mary, Cilly, Jack, Eddie! No wonder tho splendid JReggie looked down on the herd with tno. outspoken expression of disgust which nobody.minded in the least. . Janet settled her hair before the cracked old mirror. "Well, Beggie,"she said, "haying . called a family council, what is the result ? Are we not all in committee i*" ? ft.Ton know as well as I do," growled Reg gie. , " ^WTemustresolve,ourselves into a com mittee, of ways and means. There is some : thing up." ".Something down, you mean," said Tommy, who: was, scribbling at a table. " Mother's eyes are red." \- ".That , is; nothing new," said Tola sorrow fully, hugging tho baby. _ ".Don't Jaw," said Beggie, giving Tommy a little;kiok,;whieh extorted a growl of "shut up-^do!" "I imagine,"; said Janet, coming forward, - and.looking- lovely, "that the last remaining hope, of the family, the last diner at the tenant'? dinnerj has given notice to qnit.'V " And like our first parents we shall be re duced to/living vaguely on the fruits of .the earth,", said Tola. And how;to avert it?" " By, putting, our Bhonlders to the wheel," said Arthur. "Of course we fellows must take,whatever work comes in our way." ". All very well for you," said Beggie, rather contemptuously. "You could coal-heave, or anything; but I, with my education and--". " I back matter versus spirit," cried Tommy. "After, all, a good collier can get his two pounds a week, and that, under the circum stances, might suffice to feed though. not to clothe,.this;,colossal family. There would bo tho skins of the beasts we could slay, and "Beggie," said ;Janet timidly, "I have taken a.-step already. I have put in an ad vertisement offering myself as a lady help, and il. have .two or three answers here, which I kept to open at our meeting." "So that was,the Becret of our daily walks . to Plumtreo Post Offico!" cried Tola. "Quiok, Janet, ido seo what they are about.". " If Iliad, known I would never have con sented to. go witli you," said Tommy,..'inven though mother won't allow Uic girls to walk to Pluratrpo without a man!" v. . "-A ,mah!" oried a ohorus of children dis dainfully. ;; ... " And it is quite necessary," said Beggie. "I hate to soo a pack of girls walking by themselves in a town." "Especially under tho oircurastimces," said Tommy revengefully. 'J'The horizon .is' darkened with majors at anapproach,' as some : body says." " Nonsense, Tom," [ said Jancti indignantly. ".-It isn't,nonsense, only it was colonels,not majors, and two of thom.' - , "Oh, do shut up," Ha id Arthur, "and lot's hear, i what ;,tho; letters-say. I can't stand tho idea : of . you, girls doing anything, I can tell :.you.",,j.,!: ^o* Janct oponed the,first letter eagerly, and road ? at first gaily, at last fulteringly: ; " Mrs. Barker presents.her compliments to tho young.person .who advertises for it place as lady!8 ;lielp, and would bo glad to seo her should,,sho,,be likely to suit. Tho duties re quired .would bo to attend to dress and educate nix children under seven in all .the ordinary branches; ; to assist Mrs. Barker in liousohold duties; to havo some knowledgo of.cook ing, and to be prepared to make herself gener ally useful., Mrs. Barker would treat heriin all respects as one of tho family, aud give her a small salary according to capabilities." s ? ?, " It Hounds very hard," said Janet, sighing;/ "I wonder wliutshe means by a small salarv- > fort}', lift}' ?? .:???.' : -r.. :? . .: i'tw.-. Eight, my dear,", said Tola. ?" You did not' seo the postscript. ^ Out of tho < question; > Try: again." ' Janet 'opened another. > 1 '" ' ? ' - " Would' the young person .who. advertises undertake . to . bo the companion . and lady-hell) of a widow, onco m genteel oircumstancos,' who" has a largo family, and is in weak health. She .would offer no salary, as sho considers tlint jtffeetion |»»d a happy liom*; would bo compcri to'Ohristi^'dfeBiro Address Afra. dear-KV ^ed.Janet. 4o- Now for my last «aitep"Val *<> be only an agent's "I'm;glad'of it," said Arthur. <. Nonsense, ITVW ^'J14 never hcar of such a miajf. What could possess you to imagine it P Aiw i° You 0011 "till have Undo AJfted s clerkship I suppose, Eedge ?'.' .. .I suppose so," rather sullenly. " Sixty pran4s a,rear, after sending m6 to Oxford too I wonder how he has tho faco!" .,M IAl0^1dll^ lesP'!0 pounds a year," <i TArtiur- J 5Y18'11 had a chance of it." C°cv?r S" J.? dl<l despise it, only when oho np 'esPCBt°revtbh>e*° oJ^twh!",: cried'Tok. "IsSot that papa ^-stentorian vpico rang through the house. Jsoys! I aajTboys!" ' :t-" Bcsinald roso slowly and went downstairs.; " T d°"if °ri i- '."If?T1 011 him," said Janet. ^WOtJd hilV? Toll* i«Wa8i,'^t3r W °f him." said rt nfter all Reggie's protestations; it Beeina that he_ wants to gira up. the only chanoo us has had, except Tommy." " Tommy. No! don't i*>wn at me. I did not mean to let it out, bnfaslhave, IwilT Tommy has earned ten shillings from riumtrce Gazette. . ^ ' . ".^7°,11 don", Thomas! V; said Arthur, pull mg his brother's curly wig. "And how?" . -«7 my hteraiy efforts," said Toni;; " T havebeena contributortothatfamou'gweekly " mem?" men? , What^do you epitaph."01 CT°r 60 l0n^ 1 tho "The epitaphs?u 1 ' Hav?1't >.°? -thorn ? So much for unappreemted genius. Here , is a'specimen proof-sheet. And ho tossed ? a littio' slip of paper, on to the table. ? -i s: au^r:i00kitnpand rCad 40 an admirin2 *'Tom Green's dead and cone to dust. asmoOcr fumed, 1& father ciuacd known how they'd havofussed, Tom Green s heart It would havo bust!". . "r'n^F'%1' . °ld ffow!" cried Tola: Oome, there s some chanco for us after 'all ? We have' a genius in our midst. - The very epltoph- m?n!!Pireii m°! 1 too' could'write^n ' No, no, say not go.. Mrs. Barker lies below.1 ; Tf T°n>my. "This sort of thing wants practice. It is test to reel them ott when one is in the humour, to prevent all tho fellow wants one in a hurry." wen,^ . said Janet, with rather a careworn look coming over her sweet face, "I must "o about my business. We seem to'bo doinir So good, and it is hot worth whflo waiting till Beggie comes back." . . - . Arthur'followedher to' tho door. "Don'tbe down, old girl," he said Mndly. " Something . is sure to turn up. , , "I^verheanJ that anything did turn up for Mr. Micawber," sho answered quickly. At all eventa .it is of no use folding one's hands to wait until it does." | Ho drew back. "I don't want to do that," no said qtuotlr. * | t. 4 ^ ^ not mean anvthine; i but it does nle mo to see Keggie with all his splendid talents and his grand education and everything- to be thrown away on such a palfcrr employment; and yet, if ho refuses it, it is like giving- up wider prospects still. There I won t grumble." And drying her eyes, Janet went off. Arthur went elowly downstairs with his hands in his Jackets. This theory of Reggie's splendid talents-was it only a theory? He had behoved m it implicitly in spite of even- i successive report, first from school and then ?om Oxford-either Reggie was growing too fast for work, poor hoy, or he had an unfair I master, and. Reggie could never stand a master ho did not like. Then at O.-tford he had turned 1 out to havo lost all the previous years of his 9 »y hanng been so badlv taught. Then it was most unsafe to press on the highly strained intellect of genius; find, iinallv, Reggie ob tained no honours, merely serap'ed through as" iiundn!ds of others havo done, and came home, De.iutifnlly g0t up in appearance, but ivitli small honour to himself, and a gratified feclin" of Kolf-respeot, in tho belief which ho found unshaken in tho breasts of his family-that his superiority was unassailable, only that he had .been unfortunate in his surroundings. Arthur had his hand on tho handle of tho door when his father camo out of the library and stopped his exit. :;"Hore, Arthur, I want you," ho said briefly.- . The library of Denstonb Court," was, alas! only called so hy courtesy, as tho books wero gono. Only the yawning shelves remained. It wi» a fine room, and, liko tho rest of tho house . had about it tlio ghost of departed comfort and and luxury'. But not a tliinghad been altered or added to it for long now, and the ! old Turkoy carpet, respectable oven in its decav IHire .many careful putuhings,, and nejir the %"uT' f"dcd °Ut °f "U P;lUcni and Tho>nuiio of Denstono Court looked about "s and tdiabby: as. his own fiirhi .*?.everything, slip helplesslv JFf"'?!'.! '"?? .'."'S0T-: His- poverty, might at' one tunu.h.Lve be'jn gi'ap])le<l with, .Imt tho time had gone by, now. Tho whole estate, a fimfili one of about S00 onco productive acres had been starvwl nnd neglected. IIo had been I siicudiinouoy on his farm build mgs,' and had in consequence foiuid himself competed to accept poor aud bad tenants, who took, allIfluit could bo got out of tho son, and wlien tho.hmo of agricidtur.il distress bes-an' .werei tlio first to throw up their holdings. Foov Jlir. iJciiSiono got moro and more deeply in volved, more and moro hopelessly; and . ho fouiid! noUs'wife/ Whoj Woni outlay tho caxes of- £cr largo. ?fn.Tmly. and . --foAhTn petulance of her lord, had BUD sided into amero household drudge. The sons and daughters' might have been a comfort individually, but they were ' a- tremendous incubus en masse» Even the distressed landlord's panacea for all woes-going abroad to retrench-seemed out of the question, when it was remembered that' 12 railway tiokets would bo wanted, and 12 beds ait hotels, not to speak of the difficulty of let ting the poor old court in its present condition of shabbiness; and had it been possible, it is doubtful whether the squire would ever have made up his mind to so decisive on action. : One powerful friend they had in tho Uncle Alfred, the successful Liverpool merchant, wha had sent Reginald to Oxford, and whose offer of a clerk's ploco in his house at & salary of £60 a year, had seemed such a downfall to all their hopes. It was on the subject of this offer that Mr. Denstone wanted to speak to his son. . " Como here, Arthur," he said nervously, " and sit down. I want to talk to you, Trat it fidgets me to soo you standing*." . . i* You look tired, father," said Arthur kindly. " I am afraid something has worried you."" "I am always tired and always worried," said Mr. Denstono impatiently, thrusting his hand through his thin grey hair, "but: I am quite used, to it now, thank Heaven. It is really your mother's fault, Bhe does worry so. 'about Reggie." "What about him?" said Arthur surprised. " Of course the salaryis not a very high one, but with his talents he is sure to get on, and my uncle wiU probably .offer him a partnership.1' ''' J " But he is not to have it, you see.". ".Not to have it? Has my uncle retracted his offer?;" ?' Yes, he has: and in tho most unflattering manner. It is that that has so upset your mother.". . j" I am so sorry," said Arthur fervently. TH* 'heart failed him a little. It seemed as if this chance had been the only one held out, and this also hadfailed. ' "I always knew how it would be," said Mr. Denstone querulously. "Reggie gives him self the airs of a marquis, and dresses like a dandy. - Your uncle is a plain man, and, bless my soul, he married his cook, as you know, and can't be expected to be a judge of refine ment. Ho actually writes these words: 'Your son is much too fine a gentleman for me. I want a clerk, not a young swell; and I want a fellow who appreciates tho luck of getting the place, not one who turns up his nose at every thing here,' and scents the whole office with cigdrs. So you may tell him I' have changed my mind. If you have a more humble-minded youth among your sons, I don't mind trying him; but not this young cock who crows too loud for my dunghill. I want a plain honest fellow. I hate your geniuses. If vou can't supply the article, I can look elsewhere; but Betsy would muchlike a nephew about thehouse. j Your fine gentleman looked upon sixty pounds j a year as about enough to keep him in cigars; 1 but in that we agree to differ.' What an . un feeling letter, Arthur." i "I am afraid Reggie must have offended him," said Arthur thoughtfully. "It is just my luck," said Mr. Denstone i fretfully. " If I have a son with brains above the ordinary ho goes and fiies in the face of Providence. Your mother infra nothing would be lost by your trying now." : "I wish I might," cried Arthur eagerly. "But not if Reggie.would feel as if.I were supplanting him." "No fear of that, my good fellow,", said his father, rather contemptuously. "You hardly look lie brothers." Arthur felt that was true enough as far as clothes went, and ho.was unconscious of his superior physical advantages. It is extraordi nary how long family delusions continue. As this moment Mrs. Denstone came , in, a little pale, rather trembly woman, with a sen sitive, pink colour coming and going in her thin cheek. What does Arthur say?" she said to her husband. Arthur put his arm round her tenderly. " There is nothing Arthur would not do for you, little, mother," he said, " and so you may imagine that this opening is bliss indeed, only if Reggie does not like it." " Reggie won't mind. He thinks it might just do for you," sho said. " Ono cannot wonder at his* horror of tho idea after what he .had expected." "All right!" said Arthur. "Then I start for Liverpool to-morrow morning. I don't seo why I shouldn't send you every sixpence of tho money, mother mine, for I shall evidently board with my uncle." "Boots, dear," said she, "and. clothes. You have nothing nice like my poor, dear, un fortunate Reggie, and you arc so big, nothing of his would fit you." " No, no, all the better chancoof pleasing my uncle. Don't fret, mother. Think what a lucky start. Reggie, with his talents, is cer tain to get a swell place somewhere, whereas I havo actually fallen on my legs." "But, Arthur, I suppose you can do it?" said his father doubtfully. "Of course, as long as one thought it was Reggie one had full confidence; but as it is, I suppose you think j you can?" * . . . j Arthur nodded with a quiet smile.- After all, ho knew himself and his capabilities a 1 good deal Better than they did. 