ROMAN CATHOLIC TEACHERS. ( Continued from Jan. 15th.') . . Passing by the chapter on tho Saint's gifts of prophecy, of "discernment of spirits," we. come to hiB miracles. The account of one of these on page 249, is sufficient. It is a prodigy. - , " In the city of Fondi, also, there was care fully preserved a hen, which was called Father Paul's hen, because of another of his miracles, recorded by an eye- witness on his oath. He was stopping in that city, at the house of the Signor Goffredi. His very kind benefactors, wishing to treat the servant of God with due respect, sent out and bought a hen for his dinnor. When St. Paul saw it on the table, he said to the lady of the house : 'You have done wrong to kill that poor, animal, because with her eggs she was the support of the poor woman to whom she be longed. Let us do an act of oharity. Open that window.' This being done, he blesBed the animal, already cookod as it was—' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' He hardly had pronounced the words when the hen, returned to life, was covered with feathers, took wing, and went away screaming through the window to the house of her poor mistress, from whom she had been stolen by the man who sold her." A hen, "already cooked as it was," re stored to life. And " recorded by an eye witness on his oath." Shade of Munchausen, retire forever 1 Say, most reliable eye-witness, and thou, infallible Pope Pius IX, who on Juno 29, 1867, speaking ex cathedra , didst, on such evidence, pronounce this man Paul, whom charity can only designate a lunatic, a saint to be invoked and worshipped by the Catholic world, tell us, did this already cooked hen, after its wonderful resur rection, lay cooked eggs ? Soft or hard-boiled P Possibly fried or scrambled. " The time shall come when they will not endure sound doctrine ; . . . And they shall turn away their ears from tho truth, and shall be turned unto fabJeB." ,2 Tim. iv. 3, 4. All religious constantly Btudy those bio graphies. The Baints are the heroes and the heroines of the Church, the greatest of mortals . Tho language of praiso is exhausted on their virtues and achievements, and to attain these is tho ambition of every monastic devotee. I may digress to say, however, that tho use of those books by no means stops here. The Church atrongly recommends them to all the faithful, and they form the choice literature of many pious Catholics. Before I was twelve years old I had almost committed to memory the substance of two enormous volumes of nearly a thousand pages each. My discovory of the Bible at the age of twenty-six was left to Providence. The novices at St. Paul receive communion three times each week. Confession to the master of novices is obligatory once a week. Every action, word, thought, the inmost recesses of the soul are laid bare before the Superior. The penances imposed are charac teristic. For instance, the penitent is directed, kneeling in his cell before retiring, to make with his tongue the sign of the cross on the bare floor three or four times. When the novice first ontors the place he receives a quantity of strong cord with directions to plait for his own use a so-called discipline. With those scourges, in the darkened choir, the brethren " discipline " themselves over the back and shoulders regularly three times every week. Occasionally an inmate, having committed some slight fault, kneels in the corridor, and, as the others march by, beats his breast, humbly asking pardon of each one. Another instead of taking his seat at the table, is directed to sit fiat on the floor while eating. Sometimes a candidate for saintship is ordered, instead of helping himself, to pass round the table and humbly beg his food. This iB done in all gravity. More grotesque and disgust ing is the following performance : In the refectory the table is placed near the wall with sufficient room for a bench. This is occupied, while the side towards the centre of the room is vacant. The feet of those Bitting at table are thus readily accessible. A novice passes along, stoopB under the table, and kisses the foot of each of the community. This is sooty Pittsburg. By a rule of the order no PasBionist wears any covering on his feet, the soleB only being protected by sandals; and monks, however godly some people may think them, are not famous for cleanliness. I must again emphasize the former remark that the practices and exercises are substan tially the same in all monateries and convents. To my knowledge, a novice in one of the con vents in this city, who had taken a drink of water without first obtaining permission, for this fault knelt at the door of the chapel and kissed the foot of every sister in tho house as each passed by. The question naturally suggests itself, why such disgusting practices ? Why not sub stitute at least something not repugnant to all decency ? But there is always method in any madness sanctioned by the Church of Rome. She needs servants who will obey. By means such as these, every vestige of common sense is carefully eradicated, every spark of independent thought or feeling, of manhood or womanhood completely ex tinguished. At the beck of the Superior tho finished religious goes forth the undaunted missionary to distant savages ; sustains the reputation of the Church by heroic devotion in hospitals or pest-scourged cities ; or with equal readiness stoops to tho basest acts of infamy. Every religious is the property of the Church in a sense so absolute as to almost escape comprehension. A mere thought of disobedience, voluntarily entertained, is a mortal sin, i. e., deserving of hell. System of iniquity ! Slavery without parallel 1 The Church, having lured the victims into her toils, perverts the conscience, .darkens tho understanding, degrades soul and body, -strips them of the highost privileges conferred by tho Creator, tokos away God's Word, and substituting the "doctrines and commandments of men," overwhelms every faculty with the accumulated superstitious of fifteen centurieB. In the Fassionist Order the novitiate lasts fourteen months. Then tho aspirant to the priesthood, having taken tho vows, is sent to some seminary to be educated. To receive the splendid, thoroughgoing education priests are popularly credited with ? Saneta Sim- plioitas ! Does any sane man believe that the gross superstitions, the crazy doctrines and praotices of monastioism would long find place in a well disciplined, thoroughly educated mind ? And is any one so foolish as to imagine that, the Oatholio _ Church, having with infinite cunning, patience and labour, imposed upon her slaves the systems of fables necessary to her existence, will undo this work in her educational institutions ? Catholic priests aro not educated. They are trained. As the ba- Bis of all education Rome impresses upon the mind her standard of truth and falsehood. The decisions of infallibility must never be questioned. These are frequently contrary to all reason. Hence, instead of aiming to develop tho mind to its greatest capacity, to draw out all its powers, the first end of true education — the Church finds it nocossary to restrict and hem in the faculties. Tho students are instructed in Latin, Greek, rhetoric and tho other necessary branches. This is done by clumsy, half-way methods ; the majority of priests, regular or secular, cannot converse well |in Latin. The main object is to make a " good priest." By the time the " good priest " is finished he will; as my clorical. friend in tho library put it, under stand things. That is to say, he will simply reject every opinion, however authoritative, every fact, however stubborn, unfavourable to his church. The intellcot of some men is so constituted as to make progress even under very adverse circumstances. This fact accounts for tho occasionally able men mot with in the priesthood. But no sincere priest, whatever his ability, over gets beyond the hobgoblins and the resurrected chickon stories of his religion. Upon these rests at least one important dogma, that of saint-worBhip. To doubt is to question infallibility. In discussing Catholic toachors the priests are properly included. They take an active part in training the young. In ray school days the priests visited tho school regularly every day. For one hour he gave religious instruction, and during that time took entire control of the school. Well I remember one young priest who for some timo visited the school connected with St; Mary's Church in Allegheny City. All tho boys who failed to answer the questions from the catechism were called out and directed to kneel in a long row facing us. At the close of tho recitation tho priest, passing rapidly along the line, dealt each delinquent a smart box on tho ear. The last boy, having not support, usually went down on the floor. Starting quickly back, the other ear was greeted in a similar manner until down went tho boy at the opposite end. What infinite amusement the performance afforded not only to the rest of us but to the dear man bb well. Equally original was his punishment of the unruly. When a boy was detected whispering, or in- fringing some other rule, he was called out and ordered to extend himself at full length on his stomach on the dirty floor. In a large room, containing perhaps two hundred boys, at times part of tho floor of the aisles was covered with culprits literally biting the dust. And the good Father smiled benignly as in walking back and forth ho stopped over the prostrate bodies. Unfortunately I have for gotten the name of the barbarian. But he must have been a monk. In general intelligence the religious are as a rule lamentably deficient. It could not be otherwise. They are recruited chiefly from the lower classes, with but little previous education. Secluded as their life always is, during periods often covering five years until the final vows are taken, the _ restraint is terrible. The world, with all in it, belongs to the past. All intercourse, even with tho nearest relatives, is hindered and discouraged. No literature except a few books of devotion and the matchless " Lives of the Saints." The ignorance of such people iB not to be compared with that of the morely illiterate person. The latter improves by contact with his better informed fellow men. In the religious houseB such opportunities do not exist. Not a few of their inmates could not to-day name the President of tho United States. Even the more advanced and those engaged in teaching Bchool are sadly lacking. " I never read, I have no taste for bookB, although they are not forbidden to me," said a Franciscan 8istor, herself a parochial school toacher. No wonder. Said another, for years a member of the same order, " We deem such things mostly folly. Our time is more usefully employed. We have," she continued, in reply to my question, " a limited library, but our reading is confined mainly to religious, books." " And you do .not read the Bible," I remarked. "We have," was the answor, " the Bible in our oatechism, history of the Bible, and in other good books." These teachers, male or fomale, may by practice acquire a certain skill in imparting the knowledge strictly confined to the sohool book, but beyond this they aro barren. Their own intellect stunted, they but reproduce themselves in their pupils, Their mission is to make " good Catholics." The less intelli gent the good Catholic tho bettor for h'B Church. In this connection a remark made to me recently by a public sohool teacher ot long experience is of peculiar significance. 'Tho children," said the lady, " who coino to us from the purochial schools are particularly deficient in arithmetic. They cannot atiao150 a problem." Now for forming corroct .habits of .reasoning the study of mathematics ha<j long since been recognised as tho most useiu exercise. That a somewhat wider scope is allowed by their masters to those religious who have charge of tho various Catholic institutes, academies and colleges will readily be con ceded. The purpose of these institutions is to prevent the well-to-do Catholic youth from getting an education worthy of the name else where, and to ensnare the children of alleged Protestants with more money than brainB. Hence a certain Btock of fashionable know ledge is necessary to enable a display on com mencement days. But that the best of these places should afford educational facilities equal to those of any well-conducted Protest? ant institution is in tho nature of things simply impossible. My own experience at a Catholic college was bo muoh wasted time. Unablo to Btem tho tide of knowledge by which her empire would Boon be subverted, the Church draws upon her religious com munities, her great reservoirs of ignorance, superstition and fanaticism, and through them gives her people, not education, but its counterfeit. The abject, degraded slaves of a foreign powor, doadly hostile to this re public, training our future citizens 1 The harvest will come. 