SPORTING HOTEL LICENCE. A.J.C AUTUMN MEETING. [by special wran ] rooM "Aucun,"op "The Australasian." THIRD DAY.-TiiurisDAi, Ai'itii, It sYDNEY, TiluitBUAï. There was every indication of another wet day when the stewards, of the A J C met to decide whether racing should be resumed to day, but as the ground was in comparatively good order, it was determined that the business should be proceeded with There was a fair attendance for an oft day, about 4,000 persons being,! present, including His Excellency the Governor, Admiral Tryon, and several distinguished English visitors. The racing commenced with the Two year old flute, for which only four horses put in an appearance, elbank being installed as first 'favourite at even money Unnamed also had a very strong body of followers, who declared that their colt could not be beaten However, he had not the ghost of a show with Ex-bank, who is on easily, and was knocked down to Mr S Alien in HO guineas Half a dozen horses faced the starter for the All aged Stakes, and as Nelson was not thought to be himself, odds were laid on Matador, bat the New Zealand horse ran with something of her old fire, and at 100 yards from home he appeared to have the race in hand Matador, however, gallantly answered the call made upon him, and getting up in the last stride made a dead heat of it. It was decided that the race should be run off after the Cumberland stakes, when odds-on 0 and 6 to 4 were laid on Matador, who had the race in hand from the jump, and wondered), Nelson appearing to go still and Bore Up to this time the weather had been shower), but the rain now cleared off, and fine weather followed for the remainder of the day No fewer than 'SI horses came to the post for the W liter Handicap, Morok, Centaur, and Abner being most in demand, but the winner turned up in Toorak, who did layers good service Previous to the start the jockeys gave a great deal of trouble, and 1 tans and Skehan being reported to the stewards, they were suspended-the former for six months, and the latter for two months Abercorn was at first a very hot favourite for the foal Stakes, but when it was discovered that Moorhouse had only dab penalty a lot of money went on to Sir Ciongs colt and guineas to pounds were laid against Abercorn The latter, however, was in great form, and won with extraordinary ease The odds of 10 to 1 were laid on i riders for the Cumberland Stakes, and the backers were never in doubt, for the champion went to the front soon after half the distance had been traversed, and pulled Hulls almost out of the saddle at the finish The winner and his jockey were loudly cheered on returning to the enclosure Honey duty ran very indifferently, and seemed much distressed after the race In a ticket on it for the City Handicap, Tom Brown and Yellow Jacket were selected as the good things, but neither could get a place, Peeress coming through at the distance and winning rather tabill The following is a i ismm. of the running - till THO THAT OLD I'CATfc. 6110 says. For three year olds colts, 8st, Dishes, but 12lb Vi inner to be sold for JUNO Ino fur louts lion \f A Lone, be Lxliank by Ex-master Frank, Ostle, -5 (Clorrt) 1 Mr V W Hall's b c Uunuiuid, 8st, 7lb, was (Argall) 2 Mr Jutuus Mulch the Neptune (late Lord o' Al!) esL7lb,i.i>(llllol) 3 Mr VV KilsosurtlcplU 7st 5lb ,0.71(11 Cahon) 0 Letting-Lieu on Lxbuuk, 6 to 4 agst Unnamed lhi favourite jumped off in front an t uasultciided In Unnamed the others being output ed Lxbanlt and Unnamed ran together along the land and into the straight but several allia) s had the race in hand, and non in a letter by the lad the Neptune sit. in notes oil undue, third time, Ullin 43sec alias Hunter was sold to Sir S Allen for the seas HIL ALLARD LIAMS, Of 10 sets came, filth anchors added second, 60 vote. One mile Mr T sampson seen of Matador by JSoununstir Constellation, 2 5 yrs, 7st lib (Curran) It Mr ! N Uiorgoa b h stilson, U Irs, Out His (Brown) 21 lion J IV tille a br I Perfume, 2 qrs, for lSlb (Huxley) 3 Mr W Robinson s br m Mitrailleuse G i rs, Sot, life (kelso) 0 Mr J a,oiiabhan na b o harness, J v is a t Lib (O Brien) O Mr v Clissold but Lady Lol ch, 2 yrs, 6st, 10lb (Williams) 0 Betting, -6 to 4 on Matador 5 to J a"st Dickson, b to 1 agst 1 offering. After several false attempts Mitrailleuse jumped off in front, but immediatly) care not to Lady Love I ii he led etc! on be half a length ] astthoBeten furlong past Matador was a close after lance and on his quarter was lecture hall the hill the favourite just Ina lid L L Lovell, will Felsch and I'crtuinu lying next, to) Lot 1 retired as they, entered the straight, and Nelson heading Matador had all the best of it to the end of the statd. where Matador lame very (smart, and sitting. up in too lost birds the judge could not separate them, an 1 etecltrtU It a dead heat, i entered a moderate third, and Lady Lottie fourth Mineral lease was not, an English last time, fully beste deciding Heat.-iteltltiir, 6 to 4 on Matador, who jumped off in trout, stud without being beaded non easily by a train June India 40sec till WHICH HAND- VI, Of 150SOV8 for the year olds and upwards , second horse - sold trout Ellis i rite Lowest weight, 7st One of le and a quarter Mr J Lno s Toorak, by chandos Primula, 4 5 yrs, 7st 4lb (Cumin) I Mr J It seemed) she. Wellington, aged, Sit. lib (lsallac,hor) 2 Hills W A Loney li i Abner, 4 pm, 10st. 4lb (loner) 3 Mr John Mayo's b h llateusnorth 6 yrs, 9st. 3lb (Lllinekar) 0 Mrs. I lender s him Sentence 6 yrs 8st. bill (I Smith) 0 Mr T Brown's b g Centaur, u 1rs set Sir (this) 0 Mr 1 Grotius or g streamer, 0 iron, bar Gio (line Ixus) 0 Mr li Casein is eli K Muir, need, Sst Gib (to death) 0 Mr vi Forrester's b li Slliorliln", airs, SL 4lb (J South) 0 Mr C Wheeler jun s, ch c Abuse, 4 yrs, st. 4lb (Wheeler) 0 Hon J W Idle s b g Monk, 4 yrs 8st (Hall) 0 Mr E W stillness I, Luiilsklliuii 'j is. est (J in Ith) 0 Meier W and ens ch Morn Duchess 4 yrs, "at 2 lb (it Halls) 0 Mr H kin this bar 1-tirari)don, aged, 7st, 10lb (Harris) 0 Mr John Cannan as lil g V atiplan! aged, 7st 2 b (Mont) 0 Mr C I Roberts sr g Aristocrat, I yrs, 7st Olli, catrLUTsl In (re lilian) 0 Mr Geo eel over 5 am I Rousell a Oil II, 4 yrs, stalls (Ncrnltor) 0 Mr 1- Itijssb m Maid of the Ule, aged, 7st 4lb (klaus) 0 Mr T. Woodward 113 b of Useful, 3yrs 7st 4lb (Helder) 0 Mr W K holds us in Lady Durham, aged still (filled) 0 air VC lluBi,ati us is unlike 4 yrs, 7st. 2lb (Curran) 0 Mr J 1 labours b g Malucho, 0 v as st 2lb (1st June) 6 Mr H HcrbortsckgSlrl.arnct aged 7st (Hoy! 0 Mr 1 bumptious s br g Jertnuj kind Her, 0 jrs, <«c (Argall) 0 Mr J Dyke J li I Aurelia J yrs 7st Skehan) U Mr A Bruce has bred Horse decimal ps (late first) J J s 7s ( to Canon) 0 Mr 1 lioryshgllouioltulc largest (daily) 0 1 offing go to be in next March and Centaur 7 to 1 nest Abner, 10 to 1 each heat trainer, Abuse, and ArtstoctaL a considerable delay took place at the post in consequence of the jockeys Alixlity to cross nell, and Mr Clibborn nations to assist the starter Lion really an advantage was taken of an opportunity and tim Held has despatched to a press) even start, bunting, Sir Garnet, and Centaur being conspicuous amongst the front div Mon sir cornet and sentence were first town 1 the turn, and felt a, Hero at the head of affairs at the mile po s air farms led the enemy along the back stretch filth Hopeful and beaten at his side Lilnlojdon (omens Own Abner Tomato and Ellington follow her in close order Much the same positions were presented as the) rose the hill, micro Hopeful took command at the home turn, and Lillington, Abner, and morale wire at his heels. Uupotul was beaten at the distance where I Hillston took the lead, attended by Al mr but opposite the leger stand locale shut out and hearing Billington beat him cleverly by a length and a hall Abner two lengths and a half off being, third followed by Hinkler Abuse, Hopeful Miller Muir turn Lord) Durham cloth More:, Centaur, and Aristocrat, nith Liiidsklltcii last Time, 2min Reason HIL MUST 104,1, STAKES, Of 20SOIS each tvithJOuiots adde I for two year and second 60 sets , third saved stake tax fur longs Hon J W White 8 ch o Abercorn by) Chester Cm tuition Ost, lib , Including 10lb pencil) (Hales) 1 Hon J White's br f Lava, has Chester-road, last sub InclildingJIb penalty (Rouse) 2 Mr R) Cooper c brc lluiitliihtotter by Uaroblti Atholltie 9st 7lb (Itlnstuaii) d Hon W A Long s br c Moorhouse's Moor ihorpe-C-trutdlni, 9st 10lb, including six, penalty) (I on or) 0 Mr McCoo cr s For live lion mont, ki St Albans Pardon Me 7lb (CHU) 0 lion I holes-sell I the Charmer, by Henchman The Vi Italy, 8st 5lb (OullsKlur) 0 Betty Eg -L von and 2! to 6 after Abercorn, I) to 4 agst Mooihous 10 to 1 each I was and the Chamber, 20-ton (ach airst Bowmont and Iltuitlngtovier Bowmont and Moorhouse here quicker upon their less Abercorn and had a boil; next and Huntingtower and The Charmer last, limiting. totter rushed to the front as they rose the hill, and about the work at his best race, and to that he had fairly plentiful It he drew swaying lengths with Abercorn Moorhouse and The channel she was being by Mr, next will customer had two lengths advantage of the three furlongs post, and The Charmer was a week in front of Abercorn, Remnant and Um I ranging- up the roar Ilunilni.toiicr was first into UiuMtijtlght, followed by the favourite who lhalliiiirtd him at the distance, and, settling I! undue, ton i r in a few strides had read to the trout, and non in a southern canter by a length Later came with it pour run from the distance, and beat llui!tiltc.lolur by a need for a long lion mont fourth, Moorhouse filth and the eli winner last Time, 1min . -OiStc THE CelMnEltH.\n Irvine, One goal each, with £80 morn added second, (0 Lot s womens. lion I M Hill, such a -trident In Robinson Crusoe -Cocoanut life Set all. (Hales) 1 lion V A Longest h Hellesdon, flimsiest, till (I offer) , 2 non I Vidler b f Tamarisk 3 yrs, 7st, (house) a dollar - IDHI on the line Hineilt the II in (all annuals lent to the front to make Price and the row the hill with four lengths lead of Trident, who was three lengths in front of Honeydew tamarisk increased her advantage to six lengths In the bond, and he entered the straight followed by Trident and Honeydew, who was two lengths off the favourite. This was the order as they passed the wind and left the straight, but before reaching the seven furlongs post Trident went to the front, and Tamarisk, having performed her mission, retired, Honotdow going on in pursuit of Tri dent, who led up the hill by three lengths, from Una point. It was a pure canter for the favourite for while Power is hard at work on Honeydew, Halle was sitting till an Trident, and, striding along in beautiful style in non with ridiculous case by four lengths from honey dew, nish Tamarisk, about 10 lengths og, third Time 1min 48sec and cm HAVuicAi Handicap sweepstakes 5 shots each, left filth 20 Sovs added for three year olds and upwards. Second horse 00 note front the mile IN eights to be declared on the day preceding the race A win lies of a handicap after the declaration of the weights to carry 10lb extra One mile and a half Mr M Ryan na slim Peeress, aged, 8st. 2lb (J Gough) Mr R Monahan! of li I Honeycomb, 4 yrs, fist. This (Colinton!) - 2 Bon John tales s ch c Emerald, yrs fist This (0 Goatcher) " 13 Mr J Cameron a b of the VV reel, J yrs, 6st. 7lb (Huxley) to Mr C J UrackinreesbhTom Brown, 3 yrs, Oat (Ellis) 0 Mr I Foulsham like Kohai, 4 ira, st 7 lb (Trahan) 0 Mr C L Macdonald > b h The Levite-, aged, 8st 2lb (Campbell) 0 Mr J W Wilson inn s, b or br- Ringmaster, 4 j rs, sat, (Moore) 0 Hon W A Love, she Yellow Jacket, 3 yrs, 7st lamb (Power) 0 11 r t Kelso b g li Illaroo, a, ss, 780 Sis (M Mahon) 0 Mr H Oxenham such a I'haon, 4 yrs, 7st (Lang to)) 0 Mr O Wheeler, jun s h of Abuse, 4 5 yrs, 9st 8lb , carried 6st lamb (Curran) 0 Mr L) Cooper's ch Chesham, 3 yrs, esk 7lb (Gorr)) 0 Hon Jas Whites di c Hexham, 4yrs, Oak 71. (O Keefe 0 Mr W T Cowan b m sweetheart, aged, 9st dish (Tomlin) 0 Mr H Herbert's b c Itillcshot 4 yrs 9st (Doyle) 0 Bittli g -4 to 1 agst John Brown, 6 to 1 agst Yellow Jacket 7 to 1 agst The Levite 10 to 1 such acts 1 cross, Emerald, and Chesham, Id to 1 agst Hint, mastered to 1 agst Kohai The flag fell to st pretty even start, Pcorcsn Kohat Yellow Jacket, and Hexham being first to show in advance, an l as they) neared the Leger stand Hexham took command, with Chesham, fellow Jacket King master, Kohai and honey) comb following in that order and thus they passed the stand, Tom Brown and I have Drtiicdnjr up the rear Hexham increased his lead to two lengths as they rounded the turn, Chesham, Peeress, V. yellow Jacket Kohai, The Wreck llano) comb, Emerald, llieLcilto, and Ringmaster follow. her: in close order Hexham continued to force the running; past the six furlongs post and Itillcshot dropped back last Approaching the three furlongs post Chesham deprived Hexham of the had an 1 carried on the running up the hill and along the bend, but before reaching the home , turn honey comb shot to the front and led into the straight, mile Chesham, 1 stress, Emerald, and the Wreck lying close hand) Peeress challenges! Honeycomb inside the distance, and drawing to the front who lion tamer!) by three quarters of a length from Honeycomb A splendid race took place for third between Emerald, The V neck, and torn brown ending in a dead heat between the first ino Rickshaw who was beaten off, n us a bid lost, time small 47sec 