CAULFIELD TRAINIMG MOTES. During the week tbe weather has not been very pleaeaat for training operations, but, owing to tbe courtesy of tbe secretary of the Y.A.T.C., tbe course proper wae thrown opeQ to the owners aod trainers Having norses engaged in tne jBewmarxet Handicap and Australian Cap. Of tbe can didates engaged in tbe former event Master John, who will be steered by Gorry, has done good useful work over six furlongs, in company with Beckwitb. On Saturday he ran the distance in lmin. I8aec. Agnes is a very slippery lady over the same distance, and has done some good work. Kenneth, 1 am sorry to say, is suffering from rheuma tism. Newmaster went a very good gallop yesterday with Poor Jim and Gssburuer. One of the finest-looking horses here Is Ohioago, by The Drummer out of Corisaude, who has undergone a thorough preparation, and looks fresh and well. He has betn working in company with Bonnie Doon, W o also looks and goes well. Silvermine, who hw seems to go a bit soon., nae oeeu wora- Ing on the tao io company with Qeotili y. Phaon has also been doing strong work over a mile; bo left for headquarters on Sunday in company with Gipsy's Warniog and Faugh-a-BaUagh. N. Campbell has Lord Alien looking well ; tbe son of Napoleon has been treated to strong work over five furlongs in compaoy with Blondio. Highland Chief has been allotted gentle exercise on the tan. FouUbam's Lady Lovell and Rosewood bave been spurting five furlongs, Mansion has been striding along on the tan ; Fernan dez and Kobai bare done serviceable work ; Abydos, Chanter, Solo, and Trenton have been absent, but I am informed the latter will shortly go into work again. Carter bas got a trio io work— viz., Sydney, Favo, and Ambassadress, the former is rapidly getting into condition, but is rather fretful. Kelly's pair of hurdle racers, Yanderbilt and Revenge, who both look and go well, have been doing good sound work on toe sand and tan. Lord Cochrane, Bridegroom, aod the remainder of the team have been duing healthy exercise. King's pair, Fusee and Reticent, have hem given long, useful work on the tan ; the former is beginning to look well. Bstty's Hazard and Bushman have been treated to a bit of schooling over the small stioke, whiohthey negotiated cleverly. Stock man and the bay horse unnamed have been striding along on the Lan. Bence's Gildy, who is a very slippery customer on a mile, First Pop, Cadland, Boss (a new addition by Kettledrum), Footman, aod tbe Liberator colt bave all been d ting useful work. The ill-treated Berkeley has been given strong work over five furlongs. Jones has a large string on hand, viz., Lizette, who looks fresh and well, and has done good long work over three miles, Gt>oa- wood being similiarly treated. Epicurean, Mia Mia, Violet, and Delamia have been exercised over four and five furlongs. Lid- diugton, Louisa Berts, and Louis II. have also done useful work over short distances. Harper has been sending Uneas strong work over a mile, while Forsaken, Carnival, Nectarine, Julian Gray, and Tabby have been spurting over four and five furlongs. Connolly's Lady Aehtoo, Nabocklish, Sweetmeat, Banker, and a hunter not named, have all done useful work over two and three miles on the tan. Roy, who is a very promising hurdle-racer, has done long, useful work, occasionally jumping the schooling hurdles. Beelzebub, Upper Cruet, Ger&l-; dine, and The Loafer are all going well. The former left yesterday for Seymour. Roberts h&e; been giving Patience, Cricket, and Spider nice striding exercise on the tan. Reid's string has been moving along during the week. On Thursday Hot Iron ran a fast nine furlongs, Grace Darling and Kitty Fisher asBietiog him at various parts of the journey. Marlborough, Lithologist, The Ghost, and Bar One have been given strong work over four and five furlongs. Davis Dargo has been schooled over the hurdles, jumping none too well. Meerschaum, David, and Dexter have been doing useful work. Moran's King of tbe West, Jack, and Jim Cain have done good substantial work on the grass, the former, who looks none tbe worse for his defeat here, ie doing splendidly. Carrington, Phenonomeo, Victor, and Grsscu- lus Esuriens are all doing useful work. The privileges in connection with the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting were disposed of at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday by Messrs. Campbell. Pratt aod Co. at the following prices : — No. 5 booth on hill, H. Skinner, £70 ; No. 0 do., H. Skinner, £40 ; No. 5 b&r;, under hill grand stand, H. Skinner, £00 ; No. 4 do., Mrs. Burke, £55 , No. 3 <doM Mr. Scudds, £55 ; No. 2 do., Mr. Hamilton, £40; No. 1 do., P. H. Rey .noble, £45 ; No. 10 booth on hill, G. Geble, £32 10s. ; fruit site on hill, Mr. Francis, £10 ; oyster and fried fish stall, Mr. Francis, £C ; No. S booth on flat, Hy. Skinner, £35 ; No. C do., W. Duross, £37 10s. ; No. 4 do., M. Gately, £19 ; No. 2 do., M. Gately, £13 , ooter carriage paddock, £L Samuel. £26 : gates, Benson, L180. 