TOLD BY TWO. A NOVELETTE IN FIVE CHAPTERS. CHAP. L — TOLD BV WILLIAM HENHV GARDNER. Aiy position id life at the time of the occurrence I am abont to relate was that of junior clerk in the service of the uouiorara oanKing company. livery one knows, or onght to know, that Bemerton is one of the busiest and most prosperous manufacturing towns in the Midland counties. If my life at the bank was not altogether to my liking in some respects, It was at least not so irk some as to render it utterly distasteful to me ; and as it allowed me an ample margin of leisure for my favourite pur suits and studies, my grumblings at the destiny which had condemned m A In on ! existence so uneventful and monotonous had no great amount of bitterness in them. Besides, I had lately become engaged to a very charming young girl ; and although the prospect of my marriage with Emmeliue lay far in the future, yet the very fact of loving, and knowing I was loved in return, flung a roseate hue over the prosaic details ot every-day life, and lent them a glamour they would not otherwise have possessed. Our bank manager at that time was a certain Mr. Yarrell, a Btrictly well-mean ing and conscientious man, but some what too severe, pompons, and unbend ing in his dealings with those under him. He was one of those people, who find it difficult to believe in or make allowance for human infirmities or weaknesses of any kind ; as a consequence of which he was more learec oy ms au Dominates than liked or respected, which is not an enviable position for any man to attain to. The oldest clerk in the bank, in point both of years and length of service, was Mr. Minims. At the age of sixty-five he still wrote a hand that could scarcely be distinguished from what is commonly called ' copperplate,' and his books were a perpetual marvel to us youngsters of a more careless generation. No one ever credited 'Old Meth'— short for Meth uselah—with the possession of any extraordinary amount of ability. He was slow, mechanical, and plodding to a degree, but eminently trustworthy, and when that Is said, all has been said. It was perhaps owing to tins latter quality of trustworthiness that he was selected in the first instance — that is to say, some twenty or more years before I joined the service of the bank — for the performance of a certain peculiar duty, a daty which had been faithfdily carried out by htm week by week and year by year without break or interruption — for Old Meth never took more than three day's holiday at a time — up to date of which I am now writing. One of the largest customers of the bank was the Thorpdale Colliery Com pany, whose works were situated about sixty miles by rail from Bemerton. One of the obligations undertaken by the bank iu connection with the Thorpdale Company was to tend by messenger every Friday night an amount In hard cash varying from five to six hundred pounds, for the purpose of paying wages the following day ; and it was as the bank's messenger for this special duty that Mr. Minims had acted for close on a quarter of a century. The modus operandi of the transaction in question was as follows : Into a cer tain strong black-leather bag, which was never used for any other purpose, the verified amount, whatever it might be, was pnt, each fifty pounds of gold and each five pounds of silver, being tied up iu separate canvas bags in addition to which, and as a sort of foundation for the whole, from ten to fifteen pounds-worth of copper coinage was always included. The bag was then double-locked by the bank cashier, and could only be opened by a duplicate key in possession of the cashier at the colliery. A cab was fetched, and Mr. Mimms having de posited himself therein, to him entered a porter in the nniform of the bank, carrying the all-important bag. The porter's duty was at an end when he had seen Mr. Mimms and his charge safely I Bhut np in a first-class carriage, and had j watched the train steam ont of the station. Thenceforward, Mr. Mimms journeyed alone, except for snch chance passengers as might come and go by the way. On reaching the station at which he had to alight, he went at once to the j nearest hotel, where a bed was always ' reserved for him, locked np himself and his bag for a few bonrs, paid the money over to the coliieiy cashier next morning, and was back in Bemerton shortly after mid-day on Saturday. Thus, without let or accident, had matters gone on tar so many years that it almost seemed as if they might go on for ever: But a certain morning brought the manager a medical certificate in winch it was stated that Mr. Mlmmw had been taken suddenly 111 and was unable to leave hie bed. We were all sony for poor old Hetb, whom every body liked ; but five minutes later — alas ! for poor human nature— each of ' ns was whispering to his neighbour and wondering which of ns would be the lucky individual to whom would be In trusted the conveyance of the Thorpdale bag on the Friday evening next ensuing There was scarcely a clefo In the bank who would not gladly have undertaker the duty. Office life with ns passed bc » monotonously, that almost any changi would have been welcomed as a boon However, be that as it may, no one conic poBBlbly nave been more surpnsea tnan l i was when in the coarse of the day I was I summoned into the manager's room and | told that I was the person who had been | fixed upon to succeed Mr. Mimms pro I tent. There had been nothing to lead me I to suppose that Mr. Yarrell had the 1 slightest preference for me over any of j my fellow-clerks, nor do I know to. this 1 day why several of my seniors were ! passed over in my favour. As, however, I the hoaohr, If such It might be deemed, j was thrust npon in% I could tin no leas than gratefully, accept it. Of course Mr. 1 Yarrell did not fall to improve the occa-j siou after his own peculiar fashion ; it was only to be expected of Hm ; for if oar manager had one weakness, it was a j fondness for hearing himself enunciate a string of solemn platitudes, which he seemed to have learned by heart in early life and never to have forgotten. When I .made my first journey to Thorpdale, I quite expected that It would slBO_.be my hit, and that Mr. Mimms wonld be bade at business before, the following Friday ; hut It'fellout that Old Moth, instead of getting better, grew slowly worse, mo that when, a couple of months later, we received the news of his death, it scarcely came npon as as a sur prise. Three weeks after this event, Mr. Yarrell sent for me again. He had gol- den news for me this time. Not only was I permanently confirmed in my new position as messenger between the bank and the colliery, but I was farther in formed that my salary was to be aug mented by fifty pounds per annum. It is needless to say I was overjoyed. My marriage with my darling En. seemed at last within measurable distance. I wrote her a long letter that evening fall of sweet nothings and lover's foolishness. Before me, I seemed to eee an assured and happy future ; not a cloud dimmed the horizon. It is a wise dispensation that in this world one never hnm \irhnf an hoar may bring forth. The train by which Mr. Mimms had always travelled, and I as his successor of course followed his example, left Bemerton at a quarter-past six p.m., and reached the Thorpe Valley Station, which was about a couple of miles from the j colliery, some three hours later. The I railway between the two places was not I on any of the great trunk lines ; con- I sequently, the service is not what is usually termed an express one ; that is j to say, all the trains stopped at a greater or lesser number of stations by' the way. I For instance, the quarter-past b!x train, 1 which was one of the fastest on the I branch, made five stoppages between I Bemerton and Thorpe Valley. It is! needful to make mention of these points, I in order more clearly to understand what I I0U0W8. I On the particular Friday evening to | which we now come — it was in the I month of November — I drove down to | the station as usual, accompanied by Blogley the porter. Having foand an I empty first-class compartment, I pro- j ceeded to take possession of it and to. set I about making myself comfortable for the | journey. The seat I made a point of 1 occupying — as my predecessor had done I before me, and I was usually fortunate I enough to secure It — was a comer seat, 1 with my back to the engine, on the far I side of the carriage, so that whoever I should get iu or out would in no wise I disturb me. As I happen to belong to I the lean kine, the seat was roomy enongh I to allow of the hag being wedged into it I with me, although I should have sat more comfortably without it I always I carried a railway key ; and if, as fre- 1 quently happened, I was the sole occu- J pant of the compartment when the train J started, we had no sooner got clear of I the platform than I at once made a point | of locking the door, by which proceeding I I generally insured myself a solitary ride | through to my destination. I The fingers of the moonfaced station I clock pointed to fourteen minutes 'and three-quarters past six, the doors had all I been slammed, Bingley was standing a j little way from the carriage, ready tol touch his hat to me the moment the I engine whistled ; I had drawn ou my J travelling cap, and was already fingering I my railway key, when a yonng lady, I carrying a tiny handbag and a slim nm- 1 brella, came harrying along the platform, I followed by a conple of porters, and pointing to the door of my compartment; 1 I gasped ont some inarticulate words. 1 I When, a few seconds later, the engine j I gave its warning shriek, I was no longer | alone. I I presume that a young man in a free J country like England, even although he I is engaged to be married, may look at a I yonng lady — may even look at her more I than once, especially if she happen to be j pretty — without having any seriens I charge laid against him. For the yonng I lady who had joined me bo nnceremoni- I onsly seemed to be very good-looking I Indeed, and I am afraid I most plead | I guilty to having glanced at her several ! I times. I Bay that she ' seemed ' to be I good-looking ; bat, with the exception ot ner moutn ana cum, wntcn were un covered, only the merest outline of her features was discernible throngh the black lace veil which was stretched tightly over her face and fasteoed in a knot behind. Bat the month and chin were charming, or appeared so to me, and I judged of what was hidden by what was visible. It was that distracting veil that acted as a lnre to my imagination. Was she regarding me, I wondered, with eyes as curiooB as those with which I regarded her ! Probably not ; bat it was impossible to tell As soon as the train was fairly nnder way, she opened her bag and drew from It a small thin volume, in the contents of which she apparently became at once absorbed ; bnt what with the veil over her eyes and the wretched light In the carriage, I fait sure tuan u was next hi uupossroie zor I her to read a line. Evidently she was I acting a part, bnt whatever her object I might be in doing bo, was no affair of I mine. Her age I judged to be abont I I twenty. She was dressed entirely in 1 I black, bnt was not, I think, in mourning. I I She sat facing the engine, In the farthest J j seat from . mine on .the opposite side. 1 I She might be a countess or a governess, | 1 or anything between the two, or so it I I seemed to me, whose knowledge of the I I world at that time, althongh I should I j have resented the imputation, was on a j I very limited scale Indeed. I Enigmas have attractions for tnoBtj j people, bnt when' there seems no possi- j j bllity of solving them, they soon become tiresome By the time we had left I Bemerton half-a-dozen miles behind, my I thoughts were beginning to wander back 1DLO tueir woniea caanueis. a xeu wi thinking of my darling Em- and of the) sunny prospect which Irad- .ao nnei- 1 pectedly opened Itself before nk There j could fiot have been a mere charming I mode of whiting away a tedious journey, j . The firet'stetionat 'which dor . train j was timed to «tbpwaa Luiford, which Is ten mtiesfrbm Bemerton.IIere ia-second lady entered the compartment, attracted, as itseemedtome, by seeing one of her j own 'hex there7 before her ; bnt this second lady was middle-aged and pot at all nice- looking, nor ever bad been, as far as . I could jndga. I took a dislike to her face, or rather, to the expression I of It, the moment I eefeyes on her. It I may have b Ben prejudice on my!part,but I X could not help it. - Apparently she WBB.abioat fifiyjwas rage. Her.hwr I was gray, or as much of it as could be seen, which consisted of -three flat curls Jon either side ot her forehead. He® J features were prominent, aquiline In I shape, hut somewhat coarse in outline ; Jehe had a small brown mole on the left ride of her chin r 1 inch below the coroaroffoer month <j while the two middle teeth ofber upper set were eo long and protruded so con spicuously, even when she was not talk ing, that few people could look at her without noticing them. She gave me the impression of being well but qoletiy dressed ; but I took no note of details. A porter had handed into the carriage after her an oblong black leather travelling case, which she proceeded to deposit on the middle seat, while she herself sat down on the seat opposite the younger lady, and, tike myself, with her back to the engine. Being strangers to each other, no one spoke. The younger lady still kept up the pretence of reading, turning over a fresh page now and again ; the elder one bent a meditative gaze on the lamp in the roof of the carriage and seemed to be deep in a brown study ; for myself, I closed my eyes and weot back to my castle-building. I forget the Dame of the next station at which we stopped, but it was about six miles beyond Luxford, The third station, which was eight miles farther, was Sherrington. As nearly as I could judge, we had still about two miles to run before reaching it, when my reverie was broken by an exclamation from the elder lady. ' Good gracious ! I'm afraid she's going to faint,' she cried. My eyes instinctively followed the direction of hers. The yonng lady's book had dropped from her fingers, and she was lying back in her Beat with parted lips, gasping softly for breath. Her face was very pale ; she had pushed her veil np a little farther, but it still shrouded her eyes and the npper part of ner tace. ' My dear, I'm afraid yon feel 111,' said the elder woman, as Bhe bent forward and laid a hand on the other's knee. She gave a slight gesture of assent, and her lips faintly murmured 'Water.' ' What's to be done V said the other, turning her black glittering eyes on me for the first time "The poor thing wants water, and there's none to be had.' ' We shall be at Sherrington in two or three minutes,' I replied, ' where a glass of water can no donbt be obtained.' ' Ah, yes, to be sure ; there's a refresh ment room there, if I remember rightly. Meanwhile, perhaps it wonld revive her a little if I were to. open this window.' I hastened to take the little daty in question on myself. ' Do yon feel any better, dear 1' asked the elder woman as she bent forward again. There was a feeble shake of the head, and again her lips murmured 'Water.' Certainly she looked very ill. ' Atl she asks for is water,' said the other to me. ' What a pity it is I left mv smelling-salts at home.' The train was slackening speed by tbis time, and a few moments later we drew up at the platform. At that hoar there were bat few people about. Even before the train came to a stand, the elder woman turned to me : ' O sir, pray make all the haste yon can and get the poor child a glass of water.' Under snch circumstances, how was it possible for me to hesitate, although my instraclions were most peremptory that I should on no account quit the carriage without taking my bag with me ! The refreshment room was only abont thirty yards down the platform ; I should not be away more than a minute and a half ; and with the two ladies in the carriage, and the door on the opposite side io eked as I knew it to be, what possible harm conld happen 1 There was not a moment to spare. Hastily throwing my rug over the bag, so as to hide it, I was out of the carriage the instant the train stopped ; and after shutting the door behind me, I sped down the platform as fast as my legs could carry me. I found several people in the refreshment room before me ; and about half a minute, certainly not more, elapsed before I could obtain I what I wanted. Then I hurried back as I quickly as possible. The younger lady I still lay bBck in her seat, looking very I wan and faint, and that provoking veil I still hid her eyes and forehead. The I elder lady had taken off her gloves, and | was in the act of chafing one of her com- I panion's hands. As she took the glass I of water from me through the open wiu- I dow, I could not help noticing, as a | rather singular personal peculiarity, that I the little finger of the right hand was I abnormally short in comparison with the | length of her other fingers, and that the I tip of it only reached half-way between j the Becond and thitd joints of her third finger ; it was one of those trifles to I which, under other circumstances, I I should never have given a second thought. J The girl drank the water eagerly and I murmured her thanks. I gave the glass I I to a passing porter, and had just time to resume my seat before the train sped on its way. I spread my rag over my knees again and glanced at my bag : nothing had been disturbed. In the coarse of a few minutes the yonng lady seemed very much better. She gave utterance to a few words of apology and thanks in a low voice, addressed partly to the elder woman and partly to me. Are yon going much farther by train f asked the other. ' Only as far as Birkwood — the next station.' ' Why, that's my station too,' was the answer. I Then a little conversation passed between the two in a lower tone, to which I paid no heed ; anda few minntes later, Birkwood was reached. I hastened to open the door-for them, and both, ladies aUghted. Then I handed the elder one her travelling case ; she thanked tne with a smile ., which brought her two ' long incisors into more objectionable promi- nence than ever ; and then she beckoned to a porter. The young lady said : ' Good-right, air"; -and thank yon so very much for yont kiodoess.' . Still, it was provoking that she did not lift hqr -veil and .allow me to seethe I colour .of her. .eyes: No .sooner was the train nnder way again, than I proceeded ltp.iqckMth'e carriage door; no ladies, | yonng or elderly, pretty or plain-looking, | should share the remainder of my journey. J chap. a. Ms destination wbb reached in due conrse.f'then followed .sapper and bed at j the hotel Immediately, after breakfast, I I and my big were driven in a fly to | the colliery offices. . .Here X found Mr. I Wharteh, the cashier, waiting for me as lnaneL After the customary/ greetings, 1 he profldce&his; bunch of keys aud pro J needed fonidock thebag, orrathei; he ( proceeded to -endeavour to do so, for, J strangk forelate, ' the 'bag obstinately j refused to'bis <tirihcl»d. ' Mr." Wharton stared at me, and I stared at him. ' What mystery is here t' he asked. My flesh began to creep, but I did not answer. Then he took np the bag and examined it carefully. ' Why, Garner, what have yonr people been about f 'Why didn't they tell you that they were sending yon a fresh bag 1 No wonder my key won't open it.' 'A fresh bag I' was all I conld gasp. 'Undoubtedly. Tbis Is not thebag Mr. Mimms need to bring, which you have brought every week since. This one is the small size, snd, apparently, of the same material as the other ; bat that, it iBn't the old one, I am certain.' 'No one told me abont sending the money in a different bag,' I contrived to stammer ont. ' Then they ought to have told you, that's all,' responded the cashier dryly. I was fall of horrible misgivings, which, however, as yet did not formulate themselves into anything definite even in my own mind. ' There's only one thing to be done,' said Mr. WhartoD, after an awkward pause, 'and that is, to cat the con founded thing open.' He glanced at the clock. . ' I shall have the off-turn hands here In an hour's time, and it won't do to keep them waiting. Ell give you a note to take back to Mr. Yarrell, ex plaining the circumstances of the case, and that yon are in no way to blame.' Then with a laugh he added : ' Why, Garner, my buck, you look as white as if you had sseu a ghost, or as if you had smoked a strong cigar on an empty Btomaco, wnicn, J. aaresay, wouia nave much the same effect on yon.' I was in no mood for banter. I turned to the window while Mr. Wharton went into the outer office In search of something wherewith to open the bag. Presently he returned with a clasp-knife having a long pointed blade, with which he at once proceeded to cut a slit in the bag large enough to allow the insertion of his hand. ' What have we here 1' he said wonderingly, as he drew forth a small canvas bag, tightly tied, and full of something which was certainly not gold. Too impatient to untie the knot, he cat it with his knife and poured the contents on the table. Those contents were nothing bnt sand ! For a moment or two the room and everything in it wavered and grew in distinct before my eyes, and I was com pelled to clntch at the table to keep myself from falling. ' There has heen foal play here with out a doubt,' said the cashier In deep hard tones. ' I hope to goodness, Garner, yon have had no hand In it,' he added, as he glanced keenly at me from under his shaggy brows. I did not speak ; I conld not. With what seemed to me like a species of cold-blooded deliberation, he now pro ceeded to draw out of the slit one bag after -another, each precisely similar in appearance to the first one, and each filled with the same kind of coarse heavy sand. I watched his proceedings In a sort of fascinated stupor. I had a feeling as if for the time being I had lost my identity, and had been changed into someone else. When the last bag had been taken out and emptied, the cashier's keen eyes fixed on me again. ' As I said before, Garner, I hope yon have had no hand in this affair.' My silence and evident discomposure had aroused his suspicions. But at last I found my tongue. ' Is it at ail likely, Mr. Wharton,' I said a little indignantly, ' that if I had had any hand in substi tuting a bag fall of sand for one fall of money, I should have heen such an idiot as to bring it to yon, of all people in the world ? Had I wanted to abscond with the money, there was nothing to hinder me from doing so last night, or to have prevented me from being a couple of hundred miles away by this time.' ' Your remarks are logical and to the _ L.m X im n iupaw/» tn onenosi: ij inji uyj, x nw niuug w bubvv you. But what, then, has become of the money! Are yon sure — are you posi tively certain — that thie is the same bag yon Drought away from the bank last evening!' I hung my head. ' When I entered this room, I conld have sworn that it was ; bnt now I have my doubts.' ' Um. Yon never let the bag out of your sight, of course !' His question caused me to tingle from head to foot ' Mr. Wharton, let ns sit down for five minntes and I will tell yon everything,' I said in desperation. So I told him aU that had happened from the moment of my leaving the bank; exactly as I have set it down here. He listened without Interrupting me by a word ; but his grave face grew graver 8 mi as x weotj uu wito. my DsmuvP) <wu when I came to the end of it, he sat for a fall minute without speakiiig. ' Garner, I am sorry for you,' he said at laBt. 'You have been robbed— rob bed, I repeat, In a most audacious and barefaced manner.' ' Yon don't mean to Bay, Mr. Whar ton ' " ' I mean to say that while you were gone to fetch that glass of water, short as was the time you were away, the two women, who were, without donbt confederates, posessed themselves of yonr bag, and substituted this one in its place.' I stared aghast. It seemed Incredible, and I stammered ont a remark to that effect. Pooh!' he said with a little con temptuous shrug. What can you, who flic lliblv mure tiuttu n w/j ww" the tricks, the schemes, and the dodges of the great world of knavery ! There can be no donbt that this robbery has been planned for a considerable period, in aU probability before yon began to act as messenger. How this class of people contrive to obtain their infor mation is a mystery to me, bnt they do obtain it somehow.' ' Bnt where did this bag come from, and what became of ths real bag !' I asked. Hie only article of Inggage the two women had between them ' An oblong black leather case : those are your own words. Man alive ! can t -yon see that during the two. minntes yon were away, they had ample time to take this bag out of the case and pop yours in its place I There Is no doubt that Mr, Minims; or yon, or both of yon, have been furtively, watched and followed week after week for some time past. This bag, "as I said before, Is almost a facsimile of the old one ; they have even been clever enongh to gauge the weight pretty accurately.' Pity so much clever-.; nbss'vriisrit applled to a better purpose !' He rose and pushed back his chair. ' I must hurry off to our local bank, and borrow what I can towards the wages,' he said. 'As for yon, I should advise yon to get back by the first train, and make a clean breast of it to Mr. Yarrell ; bnt, by Jove, I shonldrit care to stand in yonr shoes when yon tell him !' I never spent a more miserable three hoars than those occupied by my jour ney back to Bemerton. I took a cab at the station and drove direct to Mr. Yarrell's house. It was Saturday, and I knew he would have left the bank by that time. I told my tale precisely as I had told it to Mr. Wharton. He lis tened in ominous silence — at the bank we alt knew that he was to be feared most when he said the least — and when I had come to an end, he simply rang the bell, and sent the servant with a message, requesting the immediate pre sence of the superintendent of police, or his deputy. The superintendent an swered the summons in person. Then for the third time my story had to be told, my heart sinkiDg lower and lower at each repetition. Then followed a string of questions from the superinten dent, the answers to which he jotted down in his notebook. It was evident to me that his theory of the robbery agreed, in the main with that of Mr. Wharton. When all was over, Mr. Yarrell said to me In his iciest tones : ' You may go now, Garner. Yon will be at the office at nine on Monday as usual. It will be for the Board to determine what farther steps it may be requisite to take in this I must pass over what followed as briefly as may be. Mr. Yarrell was one of those men who never forgive a blander or condone an error of judgment. In his eyes, the chiDg I had been . guilty of almost assumed the proportions of a crime, and I felt only too sure in my own mind that in his statement of the case to the Board, all lenient touches on the score of my youth and inexperience would be forgotten or overlooked, and that in the picture he would draw, all the shadows would be elaborately filled in. My sentence was not long in being pro mulgated. In the first' place, I was severely reprimanded ; in the second, my promised advance of salary was can celled ; and in the third place, 1 was relegated to a position in the office which I had held upwards of two years pre viously. This virtually meant a sentence of ruin as far as my career with the Bemerton Banking Company was con cerned. I knew that all prospect of promotion was over, if not for ever, at ICaoV AUi AUUg JfCUS IM titllUB j WUV -JL UWt no mind to sit down quietly and sink into a miserable underpaid drudge, like one or two others whom I saw about me. Meanwhile, I stayed on at the bank, hoping from day to day that some cine would be forthcoming, which would lead to the arrest and conviction of the thieves, and so prove to the world that I had been guilty of nothing more criminal than an act of yonthfal careless ness ; for it had been whispered to me that in certain quarters it had been hinted that I knew more of the robbery than I chose to divulge ; and circumstances which came to my knowledge later on led me to suspect that all my comings and goings abont this time were quietly watched without my being in the least aware of it. To a certain extent, how ever, the story I had told was backed up by confirmatory evidence. Two females aoswering the description given by me were traced as having taken a cab at tbe Sherrington Station, and as having been driven across country to a station on another line of railway five miles away. Thence they wonld seem to have doubled back to Bemerton, at which station they were seen, and there tbey were supposed to have hired another conveyance ; but Tf\f Anv f n ftll OF I>lna n4>lak iwinli) VkA i found, they might have been spirited away on one of those magical carpets I nsed to read about when I was a child. Daring those weekB of waiting and suspense, a project had been slowly ripening in my mind, and the more I considered it, the more it grew in favour with me. I had a cousin In Australia who owned several thonsand acres of sheep-run. Frank had often pressed me to go ont and join him ; bnt, for various reasons, I had hitherto declined doing so. Now, however, that my prospects of advancement at the bank were blighted, my consul's offer began to look more alluring than it had ever looked before. The one objection there was to the scheme, and it was a very grave one in my eyes, was, that it would separate Emtnel inft anil ma-for smindafinlta norfoiL If it seemed hard now not to be able to see her for more than a; few honrs once every six months — she was governess in a family who lived among the far- away Yorkshire moors — what would it seem like with twelve thonsand miles of ocean between ns 1 Bnt it was a question that concerned Em. quite as deeply as myBelf ; so, taking advantage of the Easter holi days, I ran down by rail to Crntchley Priory, where ' she lived. By good far- tone Em's pupils happened to be away on a visit ; so we were enabled to have many long happy rambles together through the old priory woods, which will always hold a sweet place in my memory. What a brave-hearted, high- spirited girl she was 1 Her counsel was, that I shoold go ont and join my cousin without delay. She wonld wait, she fold, thoueh it mieht be a dozen years, till I should be ready to send for her ; and when the time came, Bhe wonld leave everything fa obey my summons. Six weeks later, I had said good-bye to Old England and every one in it for long years to come. decaf, hl— told by bhhblxne bust. You have already heard about my dear Will's unhappy and unfortunate adventure in a railway carriage — how he was robbed of a bag of money, belonging to the bank while on his way to Thorp dale, mid what ware foe reasons which Indnced him to leave England and joined his cousin in Australia. It now devolves npon me to take np and continue the the narrative from the point where he left off At the time of Will's departure, my position was that of governess ina certain family in Yorkshire. Six months later my engagement there came to an end, and I was .to look for another situation. Fortunately, I was npVlopg. in obtaining one. .. My tww engagement was to superintend the ' odncatufonff foe two youthful daughters of Sir Frwicis Clavispii, awtel&jbMbnwboreoded; at a place calld Normanfield, about sixty miles from London. Sir' Francis had not always been bo rich as he was now ; he owed the chief part of his wealth to his wife, the daughter of an iron-master in the north of England. LadyClavieon was a very handsome woman, with imperions manners, bnt a kind heart. Sir Francis was a good-looking, indolent, well-bred nonentity, whom nothing conld ronse into action. Figur atively speaking, he yawned throngh life with his hands in his pockets, interfering with no one, and only asking not to be interfered with in retnrn. One of the most important members of the family circle at Normanfield, and one who was treated with mnch consid eration, was Mr. Prtmley, a wealthy bachelor of sixty-eight, and Lady Cla- vison's uncle. A suite of rooms in one wing of the mansion was set apart for his sole nse ; and however fall of guests the rest of tbe house might be, his apart ments were never intruded npon. Here he led a quiet, almost solitary life, seldom taking any of his meals with the family, and never being seen at all when there were visitors. He was one of the Bhyest of mortals, and I had been three months at Normanfield before I had exchanged half-a-dozen words with him. Mr. Primley had a library of several thonsand volnmes, and, after his own fashion, might be coueidered a great student. He was a Fellow of two or three learned Societies, the meetings of which he occaslonly attended in London; and he was generally engaged on a paper for one or another of them, which was aescmea Ultimately to una its way into the printed Transactions of the particular Society for whose edification it had been written, and there, with many more of its congeners, be buried and forgotteu. It was scarcely to be expected that so devoted and assiduous a student as Mr. Primley, especially now that his eyes no longer served him as well as they once done, should be able to dispense with the eervices of an amanuensis. In his case, the office in question was filled by a lady — a certain Mrs. Mnmby — a widow, apparently abont fifty years of age. Mrs. Momby's duties were multi farious. She had not merely to conduct her employer's correspondence — he was a terrible man for letter-writing — but to hunt up references, verify authorites, and transcribe Mr. Piimley's hieroglyphics into something that the printer would be able to set up without having to tear his hair in the process. Sbe also read to him by tbe boar together, when the more arduous labours of the day were over. As a matter of course, my life at Normanfield was a very lonely one as far as compauioosuip aau Bympnuy were concerned ; it conld not well be otherwise. Bnt I had no lack of books to fall back upon, having the free run of the library ; then, outdoors, there were the great sunny spaces of the park to ramble abont Id, which tbe deer and I had all to our selves ; while, beBt of aU, every fortnight brought a bright, cheery letter from Will, which I need scarcely say I read again and again, so that I knew each of them by heart long before the time the next one was due. Dear boy ! he always wrote in good spirits, and seemed to like his new mode of life far better than he ever liked his old one. At present, of course, he was merely learning his busi ness ; by- and-by, he hoped to begin in a small way on his own account When ever my spirits flagged a little, and they did sometimes, whenever the way seemed long and the burden heavy, I sat down in my room, and taking ont Will's bundle of letters, I read them through from beginning to end. Ia sach cases I found them to act like the finest tonic in the world. Panctaally every fortnight, my answers, snch as they were, went speeding across the ocean. My quiet mode of life left me very little to write abont, and often my epistles seemed to me scarcely worth the postage ; but if Will had t.hn «t+. nf rflailino hetween the lines. he must have known how dearly I loved him. All this time, no cine had been forth coming to the perpetrators of the audacious robbery of which Will hadbeeo the victim, nor, after so long a period, did it seem probable that there ever would be. And yet how often in life it happens, when things seem the most hopeless, that nnseen Powers are working for us by devious paths of which we know nothing ! I had been abont nine or ten months at Normanfield, when Mrs. Mumby died suddenly after only two days' illness. We were given to understand that poor Mr. Primley was disconsolate, and wandered abont his rooms bewailing his loss, and murmuring that he ehould never find anvone who would be to him what his ' devoted Mumby ' had been. I Before a week was over, an advertise- 1 ment was inserted in the Times ; and I two days later Lady' Clavison and her | ancle went np to London together. It I was on Tuesday they went, and they did I not return till Friday, when it was noticed that Mr. Primley's placid cheer- 1 fulness seemed to have quite come back to him. Next day, it was whispered that Mrs. Momby's successor was to arrive in course of the following week. My informant in tbis and a score of i other matters— for my position in the household was to a certain extent an isolated one — was Mrs. Case, the house keeper, an elderly personage of pon derous build and Btately manners, who had taken qnite a liking to me on account of some fancied resemblance I bore to a . daughter whom Bhe had lost many years before. When the day's labours I were at an end both for her and me, I Mca Case wonld generally trot op-stairs I to my room and entertain me for half I an hoar with the gossip of the day ; and thus it fell out that I came to be acquainted with many matters respecting which X should have known nothing. It was on the Thursday evening following, as Mrs. Case entered my room, that she said to me : 'Well, my dear, she's come at last, and I can't say that I like her.' # STT l_ ? !A AA A L A' m A A MA A XCM !ji A ' -XT QQ 19 If Ulfl UH VtiUlD) iXHte 1 and why don't yon like her I' I ' ' Why, who ehonld it be bnt poor dear | Momby's successor ; and I don't like her 1 because I don't, answered the old lady 1 sturdily, as she deposited herself in tbe 1 easy-chair, which was drawn np to the fire in readiness for her. g Is sbe yonng and pretty !' I ventured to ask. ' She is neither one nor the other. Hheis forty, if she's a day ; and if any- body ever told her she was good- looking, : foe trath was pot in them.' VHavpyoappokea toliMl' ' O yes, Fve spoken to her. When the fly drove np to the door, and I was told who was in it, I sent Snsan Cott to show her to her rooms — the same two rooms Mrs. Mnmby need to occupy — but it seems that Susan was not good enough for madam, and she asked to see me. Ab, of course, I conld not go to her, Bhe was obliged to come to me. She was very polite and soft-spoken I must say ; bnt for all thai; I took a dislike to her the moment I eet eyes on her. X can't tell why, Fm sure ; I only know that I did ; maybe it's instinct. Well, she wanted this and that alteration made in her rooms : the writing-desk to be placed between the two windows, the position of the bed altered, and so on. I prom ised all she asked ; and as she was so exceedingly polite to me, I could not be otherwise than excessively polite in return ; but for all that, we hate each other like cat and dog ; it did not take either of us long to find that out. You should have seen the evil look in her eyes, although there was a smile on her lips, when she bid me good afternoon and left the room. A dangerous woman, my dear. I wonder where she came from !' ' Sid you ascertain her name !' ' It's rather an uncommon name — Mrs. Ion. I don't know that I ever heard it before.' What Mrs. Case had told me with regard to the newcomer made but little impression on my mind at the time, and oar duties were so diverse that it was not likely she and I wonld ever be brought much into contact I think she naa been nearly a rortnigbt at JN orman- field before I even saw her, and then only in the dnsk of evening. We met on the Btaircase, stared at each other for a moment, and that was aU. Meeting only by that dim light, we ahonid scarcely have recognised each other again. Of my two pupils Fanny, the elder, was now close npon twelve years old. Io honour of her birthday, Lady Clavison decided to give a. juvenile ball; bnt before the arrival of the youngsters, there wae to be a little dinner-party, strictly enfamille, to which both Mrs. Ion and I were invited. Of coarse I knew quite well that I should be called upon to play the dance-music afterwards ; but I did not mind that It would be a pleasant interlude iu the somewhat stagnant round of my daily existence. When I entered the drawing on the evening in question, previously to going in to dinner, I found a gentleman in conversation with Mr. Primley whom I I had never seen or heard of before. Lady I Clavison, who happened to be in one of I her gracious moods, introduced him to I me as ' my brother, Mr. Brntoo.' He I was a resolute-eyed, masterful-looking | man, bnt with an exceedingly pleasant I smile, and the moment he spoke to me I I felt that I should like him. He took I the head of the table at dinner, he and I Mr. Primley being the only gentlemen I present. Sir Francis was In one of his I hipped moods, and did not appear. I As it happened, £ was placed at table I exactly opposite Mrs. Ion, who glided in | at the last moment with a few whispered I words of apology to her ladyship. Her I dress was of black satin, relieved by a I little lace here and there — all in very I good taste. There was a stand of ferns I between her and me, which partially I hid us from each other, and for a little I while I made no attempt to gratify my I curiosity with regard to her. By-and- I by Lady Clavison addressed Borne ques- I tion to her, and as she bent forward to I reply to it, I raised my eyes, and for the I first time I had a clear view of her face. I I could not repress a start the moment | my eyes rested on her. ' I have seen I her before, but when and where 1 I I whispered to myself. It was a puzzle I that occupied my thoughts for tbe next I tea minutes, but without bringing any I solution. 'Her face had been io profile I when she was speaking to Lady Clavison; I hnf Tvhnn nnrl T tisrl fTin Annnsfnntfar nf observing her, sbe was looking across tbe table, and oar eyes met. Then it was I saw something which caused a light to flash suddenly across my mind, and for a moment or two left me almost breath- I less. Withont seeing more of her thaD I her profile, I bad seemed vaguely to I recognise her ; but now that her face I was turned fuU towards me, now that I I saw, about a quarter of an inch below j the left corner of her month, a small | brown mole, I knew in an instant who it I was of whom she put me bo Btraugely in I mind — it was of the elder of the two I women who was a fellow-traveller with I Will on that memorable night when he | was so cruelly robbed ! | Ab, however, I had never set eyes on I the woman in question, it becomes need- I ful to emlain how It came to nass that I was so immediately struck by the close and singular likeness which existed between her and the Mrs. Ion who was now sitting opposite me. I don't thiok Will has mentioned the fact in his narrative, but he has the pleasant gift of being able, with a few apparently careless strokes of his pen or pencil, to sketch a faithful and unmis takable likeness, or a good-natured caricature, of any one whose features, or | personal peculiarities, clrcamstanceB, or I his own artistic instinct, render him I deurous of reproducing. Thus as he I and I eat together one day in the wood I at Crntchley Priory, our talk at the time I being chiefly abont the robbery, he tore I a leaf ont of his pocket-book, and pro- I ceeded then and there to make three or I four pencil sketches of the two women 1 whom he had snch bitter cause to remem- ber. The sketch of the younger woman, as a matter of course, was of a very definite, character, seeing that the whole of the upper part of her face had been i hidden by her veil, and that there was nothing distinctive about the rest of her features, or any peculiarity of dress or I appearance which wonld' tend towards I her indentificatiqn at any snbBeqnent Jtima Bnt with the elder woman it | was different Tbe Btrongly defined bnt | somewhat irregular aquiline features, | the prominent cheek-bones, the eyes aeep bee iu uueir oroira, rue two pro truding, wolfish looking teeth, the three flat gray cade on each tide of her fore head, and the mole below the left corner of her mouth — were each and all dis tinctive features which lent themselves I readily to the sketcher's art When we rose to go, I asked Will to give me the paper. I had often looked at It since, and at the present time it was looked np I In my desk np-sttirs. | After eyeing me for a few moments, as | If mentally taking my measure, Mrs. Ion | tamed her attention' elsewhere ; but I, | onthecontcaiy.was «o Interested, foat I scarcely noticed anything that was going forward around me. The stand of ferns was between ns ; bat by sitting as up right as possible, I conld see her between the fronds ; while, unless she should fix her eyes directly ou me, she would scarcely notice that she wa9 being so closely observed. As far as features were concerned, tbe likeness hetween Mrs. Ion and the face in Will's sketch was an exceedingly remarkable one. The aquiline nose, the high cheek- bones, and the mole on her chin, all were the same ; bnt, on tbe other hand, there were two striking discrepancies, which would seem to point to the fact of the likeness between the two women being nothing more than a somewhat remarkable coin cidence. Will had described his fellow- traveller as a woman apparently about fifty years old, with hair that was un mistakably gray ; whereas Mrs. Ion could not be more than thirty-eight or forty, and her hair, which she wore in plain bands, was of a glossy black with out a gray thread in it Then, again, where were tbe two long protruding teeth which formed such a marked fea ture in the appearance of the other woman ! Mrs. Ion's teeth were as regular and unremarkable as my own ; bat it was jast possible that the dentist might be answerable for that The longer I looked at her, the more puzzled and disquieted I became. There was another featnre of the affair which did not fail to present itself to me. Mrs. Ion's position at Normanfield was that of amanuensis and secretary to a gentleman of literary tastes — a scholar and <Ln anfinnnnr nraaiimfrhlo. fbar«. fore, she was a person possessed of some culture and considerable educational endowment! That being the case, how was it possible to connect such a woman, even in thought, with the bare faced vulgar theft of a beg of money from a railway carriage ! While, to go a step farther, it Beemed incredible that Mrs. Ion should have obtained her present situation had not her testimonials been of the most unimpeachable kind. No ; the likeness between the two women, startling though it was, conld not possibly be anything more than a coin cidence. I had all but settled this point in my mind, not perhaps entirely to my own satisfaction, but because no other con clusion seemed feasible, when I sud denly remembered one important factor in the problem, which np to that mo ment I had quite overlooked. More than once inour talks about the robbery, Will had made mention of the little finger of the elder woman's right hand as being so much out of proportion with her other fingers ; it was a peculiarity that had at once struck his quick artistic eye, which nothing out of the common in any one's appearance seemed to escape. My heart began to beat with painful quickness as soon as I realised the fact that here at least was a test which ought to turn my doubts into proof positive or dispel them for ever. If a certain malformation of one of Mrs. Ion's fingers existed a year ago, it mast exist at the present time : nothing conld be more evident than that. I now became far less anxious to scan Mrs. Ion's features than to obtain an unimpeded view of her hands ; but for some time that was impossible, hidden from me as they were by the stand of ferns. Chance, however, favoured me when dessert was put on the table. Mrs. Ion reached forward with her right hand to select an apricot from the dish. One glance was enough : she was the woman ! How I got through the rest of the evening, I scarcely know. I played the dance music mechanically, and laughed and romped between times with some of the little ones. Uncle Primley only stayed while the children danced their first quadrille ; and half an hour later, Mrs. Ion quietly vanished. She went without a word having passed between us. (To be concluded in our next. ) 