THE ORIGIN OF THE BEADS. (From the Pilgrim of Our Lady of Martyrs.) It was an ancient custom of people in the East to offer to persons of distinction wreaths of roses, and the first Christians took delight in honouring after this manner the statues of the Blessed Virgin and the relics of the martyrs. A great Bishop, St. Gregory of NBzianzen, filled with filial love for the Mother of God, had the good inspiration to substitute for a material ohaplefc of roses a spiritual chaplet of prayers, being persuaded that such homage would be mtfre agreeable to Mary. Accordingly, he composed a series of prayers containing the highest praises, the moBt glorious titles, and the moBt excellent privileges of the Blessed Virgin. " In the fifth century St. Brigid, the patroness of Ireland, gave its fulness to his pious thought. She brought it within reach of all by replacing the prayer of which St. Gregory was the author, by prayers still more beautiful, yet quite popular—the Apostles Greed the Lord's Prayer, and the Angelical Salutation. And, in order to know by some material sign to what number one had gone in the recitation of these prayers, Bhe adopted the method of the anchorets of the Thebaid, and strung grains of stone or wood together in the form of a little wreath or chaplet. To this the name of beads, from the Saxon word signifying prayers, was given long before the oommon application of the word had beeo made to necklaces or other objects resembling the old time chaplets of the Rosary. Bidding one's beads was the oommon expression for saying prayers, even later than the Reformation. The chaplet of beads which is most in use in the Church is made up of five decades—each composed of an Our Father, ten Hail Marys, and one Glory be to the Father. The Rosary is nothing else than a long chaplet, that is, the application of the beads of fifteen decadeB to the fifteen principal mysteries of religion. The Roman Breviary expresses this briefly in the office of the feast of the Holy Rosary. "The Rosary is a form of prayer which consists in reciting fifteen decades of the Hail Mary,' divided by the Lord's Prayer, and meditating devoutly at each one of them on the mysteries of our Redemption." These mysteries, as every Catholic knows, are divided into five Joyful, relating chiefly to the Incarnation and Birth of our Lord, five Sorrowful, for His Passion and Death, and five Glorious for His resurrection, the Coming of the Holy Ghost, and the Glorification of His Blessed Mother. It is difficult to imagine a briefer, yet fuller method of going over the mysteries of oar Redemption and the life of our Saviour Jesus Christ It is the glory of St. Dominie, one of the greatest men of Christianity, and among the most devoted children of Mary, tbat by an express revelation from the Blessed Virgin, he should thus have perfected this excellent manner of prayer. The beads may be enriched with three principal kinds of Indulgences: the Indulgences of St. Bridget (from the Swedish Saint to whose order they were given, whence they are commonly called Bridgetine), the Apostolic Indulgences, and the Indulgences of the Rosary (Dominican). These are partially gained even by the recitation of the single decade which the Associates of the ApoBtleship of Prayer are " recommended to reoite each day." {Statutes Article lv., approved by decree of Leo XIII.) All the Associates who for the intentions recommended to their prayers recite thia decade daily, belong to the second degree of the League of the Sacred Heart, and are gathered; together in Rosary Bands under. ;J$he , Promoters. It to proper, ther^fpi;e, they should know the origin of th«i* beloved beads. SKINNY- MHN.-«Wells Health ReaeWM' restores health and vigour, cWea DyapepaJa, Impotence, Sexual Debility.. At chemists druggists. Felton, Grim wade .4 iGo i,;• Agth Melbourne. ,: i . • , ; is J ;'-'>' f i \ 