Wd\t& anli Sftetdjes. A Settler's Story Stranger to Canada, I think you said ? First visit to Ontario? Well, you're heartily welcome to Indian Creek. Take a chair on the piazza till dinner's ready— we dine early in these new-world parts. Fine farm ? Well, yes ; Indian Creek is a nice place, if I do own it. All, as far as you can see—graBs land, corn-fields, woods, and creeks—all belong to it. Stock too—they call it the best stocked farm in Ontario, I believe, and I daresay they're right. All mine ; and yet I came to Canada twelve years ago without even the traditional half-crown in my trouser's pocket.. You look surprised. Would you like to hear the story? There's a good half-hour to dinner-time yet, and it's a story I never tire of telling, somehow. I began life as the son of a village car penter in the south of England. You know that class pretty well, I dare say, and what a gulf was fixed between me and the vicar of the parish. And yet—and yet—from the time she was seven years old and I eleven, and she fell down in the dusty road outside the carpenter's shop, and cried, and I picked her up and smoothed her little crumpled pinafore, and kissed the dust out of her golden curls, I loved but one girl in the world, and that was the vicar's daughter, Winny Branscome. Madness, you say. Well, perhaps so, and yet a man is but a man, and a woman a woman; and love comes, whatever one may do. There's no class distinction re cognised by childhood, and we were play mates and friendB till she went to board ing-school. If Miss Winny had bad a mother, no doubt things would have been very different; but we were alike in never I having known a woman's care, and the old vicar was blind to everything but his theological treatises. But when she came back from her London boarding-school, a beautiful young lady, all smiles, and laces, and little lovely ways—then I knew. I had tried my best to study and work, and make myself more like the men she would meet; but what can a lad in an English village do ? I jnst had enough education to make every other lad in the place hate me; and besides the men of her world I! suppose I cut" rather an astonishing j figure. Yet the love of her was so beyond all else in me, that mad, hopeless as I felt < it, I had no power over myself ; and the first time I caught her alone in the woods —she avoided me, I saw, and I had to watch my chance—I told her the whole story, and waited for her answer. She grew scarlet—a rush of colour that dyed her fair, sweet face—then deathly white. " Dick," she said, and she was trembl- ; ing from head to foot, " you know it can never, never be ; you know you are wrong even to dream of such a thing. Some girls would think it an insult; I know you better, but if my father heard of this he would say you had abused his kind ness to you; he would never forgive you. Forget your madness," and she ran from me. I let her go. I had seen the blush and the tremor, and I gudSsed that if I had been Mr. Loftus, the young squire, in stead of Dick Hawtry, the carpenter's son, her answer might have been different. A great resolve sprung up in my soul, and I took a solemn vow in those June woods. That very night I sold the old shop (nay father was dead, and I had taken to the business), and with the money I bought au outfit and started straight for Canada. It was pretty tough work at first, but I worked like a galley slave—starved and pinched and saved, and never spent a penny on myself except for the books I sat up half the night to read and study. Well, in this country, the man who works and doesn't drink is sure to get on ; and I had a mighty purpose in my head. By and by I bought some land, dirt cheap, and sold it for three times what I gave for it. Then I began to make money fast. I should call my luck wonderful if I believed in luck, and didn't prefer to think that I was helped by a Power far abler than my own. At last, ten years to the very day after I set foot on Cana dian soil, I bought Indian Creek farm and began to build this house. All the neighbours thought my good fortune bad turned my brain, for I fitted it up and furnished if for a lady, down to a little rocking-chair by my study table, and a work- basket with a tiny gold thimble in it. And when all that was finished, I took the first ship for Liverpool. Ten years build a city over here. They don't make much change in a Devonshire village. The very gates were half off j their hinges, as I left them, only the people were a little older and a trifle more stupid ; and there was a Dew vicar. Old Mr. Branscome had been dead six months ; died very poor, they told me ; there was nothing left for Miss Winny. My heart gave one great leap when I heard that. And Miss Winny ? Oh, she had gone governessing with some people who were just off to Canada, and the ship sailed to-morrow from Liverpool. The Liverpool express never seemed to crawl so slowly before. I got there to find every berth taken on board the An tarctic, and the captain raging at the non appearance of two of the crew. Without a second's pause I offered for one of the vacant places. I was as strong as a horse and active enough, and though the cap tain eyed me rather askance—I had been to a West-end tailor on my way through London—he was too glad to ask any questions. So I sailed on the ship with my girl, little as she knew it. I saw her the first day or two, looking so pale and thin that she was like the ghost of her old self, and yet sweeter to my eyes than ever before. The children she had charge of of were troublesome little creatures, who worried and badgered her till I longed to cuff them well. But there was a gentle ness and a patience about her quite new to my idea of Miss Winny, and I only loved her the more for it. After the second day out the wind freshened, and I saw no more of bee. We had an awfnl passage. It was late in November—an early winter, and the cold was intense. It blew one continuous ! gale, and some of our machinery was broken—the screw damaged—and we | could not keep our course. As we drew near the other side of the Atlantic, we got j more and more out of our bearings, and at last the fogs told us we were some where off the banks of Newfoundland. : On the tenth night, just after midnight, the awful crash and shock took place—a ! sensation which no one who has not felt it can imagine in the least—and we knew that the Antarctic had struck. It's a fearful thing, if you come to think of it, a great steamer tilled with living souls iu the full flow of life and health, and in one moment the call coming to each of them to die. Before you could have struck a match the whole ship was in a panic—cries, terror, confusion, agony— oh, it was dreadful! I trust never to see j such a scene again. I made my way j through it all as if I had neither eyes nor ears, and got to the state room I had long ago found out was the one which belonged ; to my girl. I knocked at the door with a j heavy hand. Even at that awful moment a thrill ran through me at the thought of I standing face to face with her again. I " Winny !" I cried, " come out! make haste I there is not a moment to lose 1" The door opened as I spoke, and she stood just within, ready dressed, even to her little black cap. " Dick ?" she cried, " Oh, Dick, Dick!" and she fell forward in a dead faint on my shoulder. AIT my senses came back then ; and I threw her over my arm and ran for the deck. A great fur-lined cloak had been dropped by the door of the ladies' cabin. There was no light, and I stumbled over it as I ran. I snatched it op and carried it with me. Up above, all was in the wildest chaos; the boats overfilled, and pushing off ; the ship settling rapidly; people shoutiug, crying raving. One hears tales of calm ness and courage often enough at such times, which makes one's heart glow as one reads them ; font there was not much heroism shown in the wreck of the Antarctic. The captain behaved splen- ; didly, and so did some of the passengers, 1 but the majority of them and the crew were mad with terror, and lost their heads altogether. I saw there was not a chance for the over-crowded boats in that sea, and I sprang for the rigging. I was not a second too soon ; a score of others fol lowed my example, and with my precious burden I should not have bad a chance two minutes later. As it was, I scrambled to the top-mast, and got a firm hold there. Winny was just coming to herself. I had wrapped her round like a baby in tbe fur cloak, and with my teeth I opened a knife to cut a rope which hung loose within reach. With this I lashed : her to me, and fastened us both to the ; top-mast. The ship sunk gradually ; she j did not heel over, or I should not be tell ing you the story now ; she settled down, just her deck above water, but the great seas washed over it every second, and j swept it clean. Tbo boats had gone 1 ! How long was tbe longest night you ever knew 1 Multiply that by a thousand and you will have some idea of that night's length. The cold was awful. The spray froze on the sheets where it fell; the yards were slippery with ice. I stamped on Winny's feet to keep them from freezing. Did you notice that I limp a little 1 I shall walk lame as long as I live. Sometimes there was a splash in the black water below as some poor fellow's stiffened hold relaxed and he fell from his place in the rigging. There was not a breath of wind, nothing but the bitter, bitter fog. How long could we hold out 1 Where were we ? How long would tbe ship be before she broke up? Would it be by drowning or by freezing ? We asked ourselves these questions again and again, but there was no answer. Death stared us in the face; we seemed to live ages of agony in every minute. And yet (will you believe me ?) that all seemed little in comparison to the thought that, after all these ten long, weary years, I held my girl in my arms at last. ■> Well, well! Why should I dwell on such horrors, except to thank the mercy that brought us through them all % Day dawned at last; and there was the shore near by, and soon rockets were fired, asd ropes secured, and one by one the half dead living were drawn from their awful suspension between sky and sea, and landed safe on shore. They had to take Winny and me together, just as we were, and even then they had hard work to undo the clasp of my stiffened arms about her. I knew nothing then, nor for long after; and it is wonderful that Winny | was the first to recover, and that it was she who nursed me back to life and reason. And how did I ask her to marry me? Upon my word, now you ask, I can't re member that I ever did. That Beemed utterly unnecessary somehow. Caste dis tinctions look small enough when you have beeu staring death iu the face for a few hours, and words were not much needed after we had been together in the rigging that night. Somehow I was glad it was so ; glad my girl had taken me, in my cap and jersey, for a common sailor, and yet loved the old Dick through it all; glad she never dreamed I was owner of Indian Creek Farm, and the richest man n that end of Ontario, and had wealth : and a position higher than Mr. Loftus, the young squire at home. The people she was with had all gooe down on that awful night; she had no one in the world but me. We were married at Montreal —the captain of the Antartic gave her away—and then I brought her to Indian Creek. There she comes with her baby on her shoulder. Come in to dinner, friend, and you shall see the sweetest wife in the new country or the old ; the girl I woo amid the ocean's surges. 