THE MAY MAGAZINES. Blackwood opens with a. new story called; Joyce, which promises well ; it has also a wcllj written sketch of Hungarian gipsy life; and, under the title of A Magnetic Mystery, a ghost; story; is scientifically told. Thcro is a' paper; of some interest to the colonies on Labor and Capital in Australia, though tho views of tho writer, on many points will find no accept ance here. Tho article sets out with tho remark that the depression of trade and agriculture at present prevalent over nearly all tho world is in Australia more ficti tious than real. The unemployed aro thero in largo numbers, as they aro in England. " But how different," observes the writer, "is their position from that of tho samo class at home. In Australia they aro unemployed, not because there is no work waiting to bo done ; they do not hunger for bread and meat, bat tbey thirst for unlimited beer, and uphold tho ' eight hours a day ' principle, which in their opinion is the utmost time a man ought to be required to labor for his living. Sustained by a paternal Government with daily wages on relief works, paid with the money kindly pro vided for them out of .loans subscribed by a credulous public at home, why should they work for private employers of labor who can only afford to pay at the rato tho state of trade justifies thorn in giving ? " It would be interesting to know on what circum stances tho contributor bases theso remarkable assertions, or to wuicn or me colonies nc specially rofcrs. The writer proceeds to argue that tho. effect of a largo immigration would bo that tho country would become rapidly opened up, and that millions of acres of land in Aus tralia which are practically valueless, because of tho expense of clearing at the present excessive, rato of labor, wonld bccomo available. Land, lie says, which wonld be profitable if cleared at £8 on aero, now lies as useless as the Desert of Sahara for all practical purposes, simply because it woald cost from £15 to £20 per aero under tho existing stato of affairs to clear it. Tho Chaffey Brothers probably hold a different opinion on this subject. " Tho rato of wages," the articlo proceeds, "is highest in New South Wales, where it' exceeds £50 pcr head per annum. It is lowest under the semi-responsible Government and amidst the sparsely populated lands of Western Aus tralia, where alone nominated emigrants are sent out free of cost. Vet even there the general laborer in town receives 5s. to 7s. per diem, 'carpenters and masons from 8s. to 10s., farm laborers and ploughmen in the country 15s. per week, with board and and lodging. The responsible Governments of New South Wales and tho other Australian colonies to a certain extent, and that of South Australia to a very great extent, have been forced to become, through tho action of manhood suffrage, a most important and neces sary part of the machinery ot the trades unions. It is to the Government that the unions look for supplies to pay their working men to fight against the employers of labor. The Govern ments at present, on aeconnt of their loans, have practically nearly- uulimited power of capital to fight against tho employers of labor, who have only their own private means to back them up. Tho result must be either the with drawal of private capital to places where it can be employed at a profit, or to so raise the import duties that capital can earn its fair profit as well as labor. This is what has actually occurred in Victoria, where, owing to its great natural resources, both agricnltnral and pas toral, and to tho heavy import duties levied in that colony, a few manufactories are springing up which are able to a certain extent to supply tbo local wants of the people. Tbo finances of Victoria are also, in a bettor state than most of the other colonies. Tho trades unions, and through them the Parliament of Victoria, have perceived that it sometimes pays the working classes better in tbo long run, even at a slight apparent sacrifice, to do a little for tho employer of labor by levying heavy protective duties on manufactured goods, rather than, as in New South Wales, to act always in opposition to his interests, under the mistaken notion that wliat.is good. for the capi talist must of necessity be bad for the laborer. New South Wales, . with its coals and its minerals, is really a richer country than Vic toria with all its gold, yet it , docs not prosper as a country ; whilo Victoria, which has done something for the capitalists and employers of labor, is becoming, in spite of the same defects in its constitution, more prosperous every day. The Victorian working mail looks as far as an immediate future, ' whilo .the .working man of New South Wales looks only to the present." The Westminster is strongly condemnatory of the Salisbury Coercion Bill. The opinion is expressed that, for tho moment, Ministers will probably succeed in- carrying their pro gramme, but that ttieir policy will subsequently be reversed by tho constituencies, who will sweep away coercion aud the Liberal Unionists1 and the -Tory Government, aud all the other obstacles to tho final reconciliation of the Eng lish and Irish nations. An article on the De fence of the Empire directs attention to the danger to which" London is exposed. " But, after all," it - is added, "the true strength of nations' is moral : strength— the unag gressive strength ' based upon numbers and union. " Lot ns : endeavor to main tain the union . between the mother country and her colonies, already disposed to bear their full1 share of Imperial obligations ; at present they can hardly stand alone, nnd wo should undertake nny sacrifice for them. Tho time will come, and in" ho very distant future, when wo with onr. through them, augmented numbers, and that other great English-speak ing race across tho- Atlantic, also our offspring, shall overshadow the world in a peaceful and progressive spirit; and for the world's lasting good. " In a paper ' oil the Emancipation of Women it is suggostcd that the reason why the Liberal party do not take tho matter up is- that tliey fear- tire majority of 'women will vote ' for the Tories ; and tho reply to this is that it is a sin against first principles for people to ' permit themselves to bo influenced either one way or the other by any fooling they may entertain on such a point, while thero is a danger of forcing women to Took to the Tory party for their, freedom. The importance of Technical Educa tion is enforced by a writer who points out that every industry is affected by tho pre ference of tho customer, for that which pleases the eye. Deficiency in auglit is often equiva lent to deficiency -iu ' all, and the faithful and earnest labor of the many may ho practically wasted and rendered valueless by the lack of taste or knowledge of tho few. who merely furnish tho design or givo -the finishing touches to tho work which the many havo prepared. Under tho title of the State in its Manufacturing Aspects, it is shown that the system of Stato factories in England has proved utterly rotten. Tho experience of the Crimean War, when all the munitions and materiel most in request wcro fouud either hopelessly short or helplessly inefficient, has been repeated many times since. Quito recently it has boon Imnnvllnl li>IT\nnn1e 4tvnf Slllfo. CSlUUilaUCU LIJ ItupiUlU "iwauau vuuv mado guns, bayonets, shot and shell, and other munitions aro nearly all alike bad, and a now departure is imperative. The series of articles in tho Fortnightly deal ing with tho present position of European politics discusses the condition of Italy this month. It is submitted that on tho wholo Italy has fower dangers to faco than any other of tho great Powers, and that she is making more rapid pro gress than any of them, with the exception of: Russia, which has tho advantago of being, territorially considered, almost a second United States. Of the present Pope, we are told that ho is not only a statesman, well informed as to all that is going on in the capitals of Europe, bat also an administrator of the greatest indus try. He not only frequently writes his own despatches, not only superintends an enormoufl correspondence with all parts of the world, but the trick of his style is sometimes said to bo recognised in the official orgax of tho Vatican. Everything that ap pears in tho Osservatore Jlomano may be taken as having beon sealed with the Fisher's Seai. Tho Moniteur de Rome is not recognised as official, but its articles arc often meant as feelers, aud are, in consequence, well worth reading. Monsignor Galimberti was at ono time intimately connected with this journal, and he is now the envoy of the Vatican, who is always employed on delicate missions which require tact and adroitness. The arbitration between Germany and Spain in the matter of the Caroline Islands is said. to have originated with him. His recont journey to Berlin, which has been much commented upon, and which has caused irritation amongst some Italians, related solely to the interior policy of Germany and the relations of Prince Bismarck with tho Centre. Mr. \V. H. Mullock continues his papers on Wealth and the Working Classes. As to the relation of ability to value, he gives as an illustration the case of 500 navvies, under the direction of one of themselves, making 5 miles of railway in. a year. This represents the productivity of common or average labor. Directed by the ability of the late Mr. Brassoy, they, mado in the same .time, not 5 miles, .bat 10\. The productivity of 500 men's energy is thus doubled by the ability of the five hnndreil and first. If, that is, Mr. Brassey's ability CXfirfftll ifttftlf Kw /inrfnin punni-InfnnJoonn nnrl ceased the moment he ceased himself to exor cise it, tho entire increase in tho productivity of the energy in question would be due to his ability — labor would have contributed nothing to it. Mrs. E. Lynn Lynton brings to a conclu sion her interesting articles on Womanhood in Greece. With, tho enlarged liberties of women, she points out, came increased cor- rnption of morals. The greater free dom of life at Lesbos had already produced the proverbial Lesbian, culminating in Sappho as. the crystal of this sensual clay, the gem found fixed in this licentious slag ; and the last attempt of woman to bring back the old order — futile, tragic, heroic — was when Hypatia, the last incarnation of the dying beauty of the Greeks, taught in the Alex andrian schools, pleading in her virgin loveli ness and enthusiasm for the old faith, aud sealing with her blood lier repudiation of the new. Tho heroic male friendships of a former time, of which the noblest expres sion had boon at Tliermopylse, had certainly contracted the live3 of women to a narrower sphere than that they know hereafter. But, in return, these women, void of such personal freedom as we rejoice in — destitute of political power, but steadfast to virtue— had given the world men such as have never been surpassed, nor even equalled. And we havo Hot yot solved the problem of how to secure tho good of tho whole, save by tho sacrifice of a part. Dr. J. H. Vincent contributes to the' Con temporary an account of The . Chautauqua Literary and Scientific Circle, an .educational organisation effected in, America about lO.years ago. Its first ' decade, he says, -has been crowned with a-succoss which seems to justify the enthusiasm of its projectors and members, and which certainly commends its nnique aims and methods to the critical oxaminationof all whoare interested in the catisc of nonular education. It enrols a membership of more than 100,060 per sons, few of whom are nnder21 years of age. They arc to ho found, not only in the United. States and Canada, but also ia Groat Britain, on the Continent . of Europe, in India, China, South Africa and the Isles of tho Sea. There are circles of readers in the' Sandwich Islands. More than 1900 native members have been reported from Japan. The circlo has re ceived tho unqualified approval of eminent educators, of statesmen and of clergymen, who have taken time to examine its aims, organisa tion and plans of operation. It is the distinc tive mission of this literary circle to direct the reading habits of that great majority in every community — the full grown people who are no longer in the schools. It is an " after school " for those who havo received the best that the educational institutions, at their best, can give, and for those also who abandonod all educa tional institntions long before tho best influence of these institutions was possible. Mr. St. George Mivart's Notes oa Colonial Zoology contain some interesting references to the Aus tralian continent. It was not at first sus pected, the writer remarks, when many curious creatures were found in Australia so different from each other iuthosc points of their structure which are related to their habits of life, that they were nevertheless so united together by more hid den and essential characters as to constitute one great polymorphic natural group of animals, now called " marsupials," parallel to the wholo series of beasts which are found in other parts nf Ihe world. Vet p.verv terrestrial Austrnlinn beast differs far more from any non-Australiau animal— savo the opossum of America— than a bat differs from the whale, or an elcphunt from a mouse. The duck-billed platypus and the ant-eater differ so widely from all others that the difference before spoken of as so great bctweeu the marsupials and other beasts is as nothing to it. Theso monotromes lay eggs, and the condition of the monotremo egg, if not absolutely decisive, goes far to upsot tho notion that beasts came directly from ancestors allied to amphibians, and shows causo for lengthening but our animal pedigree by giving ns claims to. corporeal affinity with tho beautiful order of lizards which have just acquired, by the dis covery of their single eye, so great an interest for ns. Under the Title of .Holes in the Edu cation Net, Mrs. Garrett Fawcott raises , kef ' voice on behalf of young children employed In theatres, and submits that what is wanted is an extension to thorn of the protection of tho factory acts, the power of prosecuting not to rest solely with elected bodies, but to bo either extended to the public, or entrusted to officials who will hold their posts as long as they do their duty with oncrgy and discretion. "A Modern Soldier" offers An Apology for Annies, and argues that there aro worso evils than war. War, for instance, ho maintains is a less evil than the stagnation and corruption which it sometimes clears away by its stormy passage. The French, after their late catastrophe, were fain to admit that they had deserved their punishment, and the mili tary training through- which tho nation has since gone ' has certainly purified the people, and welded together parts of tho country which were held apart by jealousies and political dis agreement. It has also taught tho French some modesty, and a comprehension of the fact that there is no special divinity whiA helps people who will not help themselves. The writeradds:—" When one hears weak complaints against having an army at all it really seems as if the time wcro coming when England, too, will have her lesson, and rise from some bitter defeat with grief and rage in her ' heart, and a rooted desiro for ro- Tcnge. But in such a case she could not rise as Franco ha9 risen, tho fabric of such a trade as ours cannot be reconstructed in a shoit timo, especially as its foundation— credit — would be gone, Egypt, Babylon, Persia, Borne did not rise from their great falls, and in tho whole history of tho world there never was an empire so great and so scantily provided with defence as the British Empire. As long as we remain firm and strong the colonies will be attached to us, hut it is contrary to huraau jroiuro lu buppuac (.uuu u........ — themselves in unavailing attempts to mako good what we had lost through carelessness." Mr. B. Barry O'Brien furnishes to the Nine- teenth Century a paper on the Government Coercion Bill, in which bo remarks that an Absolutist Government has not been tried in Ireland since the days of Oliver Cromwell. " Cromwell," he observes, " kept Ireland quiot for his time. Have Ministers the nerve to try gn Absolutist Government again ? One some times hears it said, ' Lord Wolsoloy is tho man for Ireland.' Have Ministers tho courage to soud LordWolseleyandLordDufferinto Ireland is absoluto rulers for 20 years ? Dare they do it in the face of English public opinion? If not, then tho gamo of Union is op." Mr. J. G. Bomanos has an interesting article on mental differences between men and women. Discussing the Decay of Bodily Strength in Towns,. Lord Brabazon directs attention to the necessity for introducing physical exercises in schools. The School Board of London, it seoms, have taken a useful etep by the introduction of Swedish musical drill amongst tho girls attending their schools. Lord Brabazon hopes that within a short time there will be no school within the United King dom which will not teach gymnastic exercises to its' boys aud Swedish drill to its girls. " Almost every nation in Europe," he says, " with the exception of tho English, has established such a system of com pulsory physical training, and spends largo turns of money in strengthening tho bodies and nerves of its future citizens. We alone neglect this precaution. Do we believe that there is something in British flesh and blood which is able to withstand the deteriorating influences of bad air and .food and want of . healthy exercise ? If so," we are living in a veritable fool's paradise, and when the stress of national danger arrives we shall 'find that ' our men aro mado of different stuff from those who fought and conquered the combined armies of Europe. Those mon -were mostly reared m country homes, on whole some, though may be, coarse fare, aud under the pure canopy of heaven ; not fed on white bread and adulterated beer or spirits, working in cellars and warehouses into which the full day light seldom or never penetrate!." Other nations, he goes on to point out, do not neglect \- the physical education of the peoplo. It is now 80 years since Germany first established the Turnvcrein, or National Gymnastic Associa tion, which, by its thorough and systematic training of tho entire population in gymnastic oxercises, strengthening to the body and nerves, and productive of physical courage, many believe to have beon in no slight degree instrumental in the thorough defeat which the French sustained iu 1870. Sir Arthur Otway deals with some of tho fallacies of the French press iu regard to English affuirs, and points out that, the English press rolies chiefly on facts, aud is eminently practi cal, whilst the French press is emotional, in fluencing tho feelings rather than the reason of its readers Iu a sketch of German life in London, Leopold ICalscher shows that although about 300,000 persons emigrate . from England every year, the inflow from other countries amply counterbalances this desertion. There are hardly fewer than a quarter of a million Germans in England, and the German colony in that country is, after that of North America, the largest German group in any . extra German state. Mr. Gladstone is again occupying his leisuro moments with classical studies, and this month he has some-; thing to say about Apollo as one of1 the greater Gods of Olympus. Mr. George Baden-Powell devotes an article to proving that it is necessary that the Itoyal style and titles be amended so as to make it perfectly Clear that tho colonies and dependencies of ' Great Britain are intogral parts of the British Empire. He argues that there must bo an expansion of the Royal title to meet and cover the expansion of tho nation, and ho citos as a precedent tho circumstance that when Speuser dedicated his Faery Queen to Queen Elizabeth, he gave her the title of " Empress Queen of England, of Ireland and of Virginia." For her Majesty to accept such a trust as he pro- . poses, he adds, would be to indelibly stamp on the history of the nation tho greatest of the incidents of that history, viz., tho growth of the Colonial Empire in the Victorian age. 