rti5~i ac ThLEON i kktr ., A BOM&NCE; OF THE DEEP. y 'I dremat a dre th wt not all adream.' . 1 Er W. CLAanKRUSToELTE CHAPTER 'XVf.-(CoxrTNUcD at STlRUGOLING THROUGH IT. The skipper took the hint, and after a stare at the skylight, and then a look at the tel!. t tale compass, and uttering a brief marine b growl at. the weather, he went on deck. lea was puzzled, and stood a minute in the com. h panion hatch, robbing his nose and: peering at old Saone, who stood to windward of the 5 tiller, clapping his breast for warmth. He had half a mind to talk the thing over wit a the mite. bectuse, hi. curioviy had been excited by hearing Mr. Fortdseoe himself sar tI that his principal object in making the b aovate was to seek some friends In the far- S' off island. 'As how,' he said to himself. a ' couli he know there was any of 'em there? c For the mere hoping that they were there wasn't going to make a man spend all two S thoucand pouond and travel twenty thousand t miles and leave his duties ashore to take care b of themselves.' Bat after contemplatively equinting awhile at Stone, he reflected that SMr Fortescue would be annoyed if it came tl to his ears that the captain of hie vessel was q talking and arguing about him; so instead 0 he told the mate to go below and get his e dinner; and took his place on the weather c quarter, after a yell to the fellow in the bows ° to keep his eyes skinned, for, said he, address- It ing the seaman who was grasping the tiller b rope: .. rConfound me, Harry, if this here smother t isn't like a cauldror that I once sa w blin' in a theayter' when a piece was being pre. e aented called Macbeth. There was some old women collected around that job, and a among other things I reck'lect of their chuokingin was a lizard's leg and a Jew's. liver, and the blood of a sow that had ate her little 'ns.' c... . .W. o ..,.. ao,?c': s ..wa?the the likes, ot such broth as that?' said the nelmeman.. whose mahogany face looked almost blacka in the .duakky. drizzle, and from .'contrast, with the reddish beard that forked eoalgba ' out over the collar of his oilskin coat. ' P'rapys them old women meant it for l atlors.' ' ' Iis not the broth I'm talkiongabon? 'aid i Weeks, ' it's the hallegory, if you know whatd that meanse. I say that this here smother is like the smoke from the cauldron I saw, onlyb inetead of ghosts coming up out. of it, as t ther did in that thesyter play, it'll be weasels 0 to run against;' and then, with a long look round, he felt for a piece of tobacco, and a mattered, ''two eyes'ain't enough for a sailor. e If nautical men had-been taken into con. e sideration when this here.airth came bloom. ing upno into life out of nothen at all, I allow they'd have been treated as the oencock is, eBes einough to sleep with and keep'a look. e out with at the same time; eyes for the head and'eyee for the stern; eves like yours and mine for fine weather, and eyes like a proper ship'esglasoes when it drawed up thick.' i ' Tat'a about it, sir;'said the othor, 'only. k you'd need to have 'eyes fixad where a'man could Use 'em wsh .he was dressed.: Sidlit 'ad be of little use, fair or foul, if a man hadto'.blind it every time he put on his clothee.' ' Weeks had reason to gramb'e, because those days of Chandel"thickness put a deal of heavy responsibility upoi him. It was not the f cold. nor the wet, nor the head wind ; it was having to be up and down all ;h time, i seeing that everything was right, that the i lInok-ot was alive and keen, and so torth. o He hadn't the shadow of a doubt that Mr. s Stone was to be trusted up to the hilt, burt the man was old, as edilors go, had knocked off the sea for some years, and wanted watch- t ing, at all events till the sky showed the road a clear;' not because the spirit in perfection a wasn't in Stone, bet ecanuse the flesh that h had been soaked for years,anI years in briny i water might, now that it had been brought o back to the old. element, decline to prove t vokricalarly willing. The froiter was bt a a little craft-ninety tones ; larger in those dayse than she wcuId se thought now, but small all the same: and offering a hull which a tall,a lumpish East or West Indiaman, or a assive frigate, French or English, or big warship of b any nation, with bows lIke a cliff. 'handering p up Channel, or stretching northoe conth aon a bowline, would ran down without feeling .s more than'a " thud,' just enonch to make the' look-nut peer over the ral' and wonder whether it could have been a baulk of timber a or a hnoy. Nor and again a dingy sort of t nsmdae would show out to p)rt or erarboart, t, and if the seo?ieoner ivadheadig..that way the b blotch would iake'the hape sand substance *of a smack, perhps, 'or a groaning old Sunderland pink bound to a French port, or a ratish Yankee brit eteering for L civn h river, driving with a curtsey ast of the folds of vapour into oven space, more like a tyv cha, a real veaml., with lier soaonu-,hiee ganva, sktedlc pnte . white-, ..i..€s r?aand her ehort poonp, ad the metal unJlr her counter sleaming as thoana an.ro3 of enn-E bshine touched ice wetness,. .when after, a saucy friekor two she swung into the miss t and faded out. tlua most of the craft the I Golden Hope passel in that dreary, drizzling o bitterly cold and blowing :time were jeot phantoms, oozings of. shadows which i;ever s took eshrie, yet plenctiul enough to make the daylight--not tospeak of thelong hours of darkness-forcmidable; and a blessed hour was that when on the eve of a change of I weather, Stone's and Week's noses, each with a crystal at the end of is, met close in tie light of the binnacle, in the delight the t men took to note that the wind had veeret with a sudden leap to 'he eastward of soctn, and ti at the Golden lope might at last he headed weat by north halt north, with the d strong breeze that had been bofiling.her for s five date no'w abaft the beam. a Ciarr?en XVI-I-GOOD HoEADWA.-'. Forteecue lal no idea of the change in th-. weather until, he came on deck, though he might have noticed.,a bluish brightness oil his scattle tlesing off the dancing w*ter:' The wind had veered at tuidnight, and what the clergyman saw when he ema'rred through the companion was no longer cthickness, and drizzle, and streaming decks, and small t canvas dark with damp, bat a heaven of asure, with many mountainous clouds white as wool, one fold towering above another with fragments of rainbow 'dissolving on their eastern skirts; clouds aono noble and imaestic, so nob-like in their brilliant brows, so fitted?as foils for' the 'prismaiic glories of the sun-lit iceberg that it was as wonderful to mark them'asilfng' up onctof the south (where in March one fancies all-the warmth lies) instead of down from the Arctic regions, as it was delightful to plunge the fancy Isto "their soft depths, to observe sunmita, -and brows, and eminences, the spur of hills; the defiles and ravines and scare, all as solid no the eye as the sobstan tial land, yet presently to melt and disappear hlke a whiff of tobacco smoke. These vae bodies of vapour filled the sea with their Shadows; tbs *aer 'lad not yet taken ihe aznre of the 'fathomless deep; but the ddli cats green might well have passed for a faint blue, and the sun shining almost asternof the schooner would, from the edge ofsevera cloud that swept athwart him, flin a dazzle Iover the vescel's howe ancd transmute into' silver the surges which ran acros the path of her stem Forteecne stood razinz round him and aloft, lost in amazme-nt that was a kind of transport too. 'l'ne lot time tae-had seen the Golden Hope. she wae a soaked and astru. gling ves*el, and now-fromn the tl.inx jib Sboom and tothe end of the mainboom; from the fnretopidllant yard to the etaffopail, she was literally a tower of canvas. The men hcd sos nhe emnnei boeanito wn'-.-, g.p.at being braced in and yet inclined upwardsbe r the veselesheel to the beam wind, she looked to windward tobe carryincg seach a weight and stretch of cloths as made Fortescoe wonder they did not overset the slender fabric that Sraced beneath them The fresh breezg was bitterly cold, bun the flying saunshbine put such joy into it that you thught of nothing hut the health of its frosty kissing; and it was joyoeus still when the deep boso'med Scloud~e smolte he sauit anrid irew tlheir Secltoem neon ena enianier: me rtne wntrltnr . Ocams of the luminary thus eclipsed were Ssure to keep the waters flashing ahead, and before the obecuration had time to make its dimness felt the Golden Hope had rushed into the lighted surges again, flinging the spray aft as far as the gangway, as though showing her triumph and exulacation in the beneficanet splendonr that shone upon her once more, and breaking from waterway to Stopmast-head into a whiteness of canvas that rivalled tbhe glittering fleeiness of the vae porous folds which had momentarily darkened her beauty. STo appreeiate theamazing spread of cloths Sa frniter of those days extended to the wind 1 it would be necessary to see a paintingiaf s each a vessel. It is doubtful ie there he any y acht of the preenro day that asproaehrs 'those schooerms in' sprEad"awd: height :rf canvea "''lt wu not' only their'immense m.aisail. snd their long- headed saff topsails, tb?etr g topnu?eistsiit? ait and ? 'kll?orcee. , t with a bowsprit -and jibbooms carrying two at ani sometimes threejibs and a asayforesail, aq you had a pile of equare canvaes to boot, top. th gallant and topsails with long booms for pt stusaeils and a vas:e quaresail extended by JI the goose'necked boom, the extremity of at whion confined, when set, the inverted apex, Ft so to Ppask, of a triangular.shaped lower as etonsail, the head of is extended by the 'I whole length of the topmest-staneail boom ft It may be easily supposed, therefore, that th the beautifully moulded bhlls of the vessel pr built expressly for speed, would be driven no wito astonishing swiftness by the great an height and breadth of sails they exp ,ndead, qu and that for elegance, rig, shapeliness. and a score of other points which a sailor's eye ca would love to dwell upon, they were more q admired in their time than any other kind of lb vosiel then alloat, whilst even to this day they are recalled by old seafarers as the or handsoment and most weatherly craft ever pe sailed by Englishmen; superior, indeed, in lot all respects, to even the famoue Baltimore ? clippers. Ah It ever Farteacoe could have doubted Stone'e judgment in recommending him to all purchase or hire one of the swiftest and most dr beautiful of these vessels, as the G Aden lope unquestionably was, every misgiving tel must have been extinguished when he quitted qc the companion and stepped over to the ey quarter where the mate was standing. Toe no mate had just finished setting the lower stun- of sail, so that the schooner had nearly every fa cloth she carried hoisted, and you would aw notice a sort of expectant curiosity in the of looks of the watch when, 'everything being of belayed,'they gazed over the aide or sent st their glances aloft, as if the moment for hb testing the clipper'e heels had arrived, and it was now to be seen what she could do under S faelre favoura'tle circumstances. aere it Is at Itt, sir,' said Stone, touch. -o ing his cap to the clergyman. ' Not only a lI fair wind, as it is called ashore, but fine a weather; almost beautiful, indeed for I j, don's know that I ever saw wondertuller clouds.' .1 It does not come too soon. r. Stone,' b exclaimed Fortesecss feeling all the freshness and glory of the scene in his heart, though the old salor noticed-with a side- peep of com ilasslon how pale the curate's cheeks showedF in the penetrating silver splendour that was then showering down. from a light-blue rift, and"how wild 'and ret sad' likewise the btril lishea that his large dark eyes took from the c darting gleams made his eater,' handsome, ca attennated face appear. ' Why one feels to B be flying on the back of some great'sea fowl o through the air, instead of being on the deck to of a vessel.' He raised his eyes to the immense show of tr canvas from which as he watched, in th hý space of a breath almost, the shining of the it early sun flashed out of every satin like hollow into the leeward water, over whose r smooh-btiacked surges It raced in a sheet of silver, whilst the schooner turned grey iu the te clondeshadow. ol I'm not going to say, Mr. Fortescue.' said ra Stone, gravely, ' that there's no sea birds as ia couldon't fl faster than we're agoiu; hot Id sd Irke to lay a wager that if this here breeze E kept all on blowing till we was done with it, 1 there's ne'er a'sea bird as t'he Glden Rope w wouldn't' wear' out and' overhaul and be w too far ahead to be' cotched again by him p when he was ready to make sail afresh. Eao, m Bill!' : This was addressed 'to William Breeches; I able seaman, who was steering. For to the rc froster, as in the coaster, we must not look c for the quarter.deck etiquette of big ships, g, inasmuch as Jack was as good as his master in such craft, and sometimes better, though, fc of course. orders were obeyed as smartly and v, work done as dutifully as if the diespline e was that of a man-of-war. ' There's only one fowl,' answered Breeches, re talking with his. head turned from those he c, addressed, true to the sailor's peculiarity of h, appearing to notice everything but the man ol he converses with, and to find everythiug gI interesting but what he's saying : ' thee', s only one fowl, Mr. Stone, as 'ud ever think o' h tryiong to beat the vessel by flying, and that a cl a bird found south o' the equator, comrmonly vi called Boo by.' a As Mr. Fortescue had never heard of such of a bird, he supposed that Breeches meant a m joke, and sought hi. eye that be might se ward a him with a s'mile, but the sailor had ap- tt parently forgotten that he had spoken, a',d et with his gaze levelled steadily -at tne ol echoouer's head was grasping the tiller rope with an expression on .hjs face that coullnd' t have been severer had he been argui.cg with 1 a 'crimp Mr. Stone, noticing the admiration, f, .t :Mr. Forteecue's face as he leaned againest c toe hultark, rnuniog his eyes from Lth white. C heighlte, to the sea and back ag.io, and then ni around the horizon, out of which the cloude g, were slowly soaring like huge, mountasllu. tr eonw-clad I-lande, would not.nrea< in upon l hi',, ; being too well pleased that the clergy ti matr should take his fill of the beauty of the d vesel ; for the old arilor was itntmately con- T cerned in the selectio, of her. and be hd hie eshre of vanity. Indeed, Fortseeu was glad t or ,he prll.5l, o jeino, ahbl. to iolk .,w,bout h havrig ' ton converse. So far as the acrual a paoegte t 'the iclac d went, the main pleasure ti he would.be' able to derivfr)nm n't mnustlie.ti I its rapidity. There could he uo beauty ofseet a or Lak'y, no silver shining of sunrise, no rut e, apledoarof sunset, that would till him with Ile weariness and'desoonddncy it the conditi ',i ti of the spectacle were to' be stagannt wit-r .v and an idle bull. His intel(ittuil hunger et and thirst, the craving of every Imaginable di tiitilict ir him; was to sight the island-to ol spring ashore--and"in Agatha's death or itn h her life, in her existence, or in the solitudeit o the rock, to learn if the issue of his dream, ai a uromnising with its presentment of her figure, di 'pleading and inviting, was to prove ino more rJ than the shadow and phantasy Mr. Clayton 5 deemed it: Tnerefore, what best delight the v, sea coold hold for him he felt this morning gt as he watched the spring of the buoyant' and of beautiful fabric, from the slant of one flickering surge to the foaming brow of e: another, flinging from her' sharp bows the it spray, which was like a shabower of diamonds tr wh-n the clouds obscured the sun, hut whitch ti becasme a rainbow whenever the"lurnillna bl flt?hed down again boon the leaping sco.ootaer i thiat a5 saoflly and rhythmicallyeuy>itli ar 'y lofty heights of canvas to the regular run 'of a the sea; so that with the sun crawling to the tI southward; the hurrying'peucillings of shade i, in tba deep bosoms of the sails ; the swdift wattinge of such dimness as the interposition of a water leech, or the angle .of the masts (1 woald dash a?on the swollen clothe, made o the-fall fabric leaning towards the north, wi h maetheade like golden 'spires, wherever the blue opened for them to show against, appear to theeye of Fortescaeas it the surface up reared by the spars were mother o' pearl. ' But it was the exhilaration of hope coming t ont of the pace, the hought that -the uIndian t Ocdan was a measu' able thing, not the limit. I less, untrustwor'thy ancy it used to be at Wles, that puts glitter inno the young clergyman's eyes wb-a he brought them away from the seren agn e rifts among the clouae, and watched the merrr .separkling throbbing r of water toleseward, and the.deliaht[ul bheaving u andharling ands-eheafinedance ofithe Golled teope, that was -indeed Like- some lvivgI feathered creature, fresh to liberty and on able to make enough of its wings, of thel height of'the sky over it1 of .the mighty free. Sdom of th. deep around it, and of theglorionus muuic of the cleat a?rong wind, to whose Smelodies, all.about her the sails added a stirring oll as of drums., The men had long heforewashed the decks down;the wind had dried the planks. and.they glistened like sand; in' every bit of polished brasuswork l6r smooth esrface to give" back light, rose rolorendetato flashed and faded, sparkled and Ssped with the movements of the schooner and tea sailing of tale sun; from the chimney of Sthe littlt eabooa the smoke of the gallary Liy streamedt aaail ih. hcoelwa d s els . saW'l Shipe quacked and cackled. It was a picture of homely sea life ennobled by the airy beauty in and over it-abeauty flowing as snulilght, Smusical as the wind, pra as the azure rifts, t lad as the lumi.ous washing waters, and i majestic as the vaporous mountains which t enriched the heavens. Fortescue's gaze met Stone's; the old sailor smiled. ' Shse don't disappoint ye, 1 honr . i iri ' he said. SMr. Stone gpave a careless lookto windward, then a half.glance to leeward. 'Ten knots, I sir. nothen under ; what dp'e suy, Bill?' s Breeches eased himsel off the tiller rope a e bit to take a glance astern at the wake; then with his former airof appearing lostin think ineg of everything but his answer, .said, ne 'Nearer eleven I should ear.' o' It can easily he settled,' exclaimed Stone. it 'orward there I lay afta couple of yo.u, my Slad., ani heave the log.' Two of them arrived; Harry Sawyer, a , good sample of a asilor, with long arms fit id to reach out with, and fingers like fishhooks, f and long legs for climbing rigging without r etliness or for jInckesing a yardarm ; and Joe Hall, an ordinasy eseamann, a nimble little fellow of about two and twenty, with grinning S'yes south hagair. so pliant and boneless in his pustures that he was more like an eel thsan a man. He held the log reel, Sawyer r the glass, and Stone hope the chip overboard, Mr. Forteecue heard the reel rattle as it spun. r ano watched Sawyer's -eese meeting in's squint in the sand glass as he held it. against the sky, whilst Stone helped the chip. by a pull now and then at theline that mnade little I Joe H l1 away a :ain. ' S:o i ;' bawled Sawyer; and stop it. was,. with what seemed. to Mr Forteecn to be hall a mile of line towing astern. Stone gropeid for the knots. h 'Nearerel vea than ten, sir.' asid he,.with a w face lull of woderr and triumph. D by all du tha?n'-' He checked himself in the th presence of the clergyman, and added, 'S-e o; here's the mark for the half;: and there's cil another quarter on, as well. Ten and three oc quarters. ne 'Ay,' said Breeches, turning his back to wi ear it, ' and if you wan to allow another ru quarter for the drag, mate, you'd be nparer tC the mark y.t. en Cap:ain Hiram Weeks at this point stepped 0 on deck, rel-eyed. fr .m a nap, and L?olkin. br peculiarly gaunt, and sallow, and holew, and a long in the bright m irnini ligbt, He sa ited eh Mr. Firtescne. and instantly said, ' Woat' 1 she doing, Mr. Sonee' ce 'Ten and thresoucrters by the log, but he all eleven, as Bill here says, allowin' fur the d drag, sir.' ed 'L't 'em tOk of steam after this, Mr. For-. t teesce,' said Hiram; coming to the weather iv quarter with a stride; and with protruding eyes full of sharp eailorly intelligence, he ch overhauled the extent of canvas and the trim ch of everything aloft in a flash, as it were, so at fast did he take it all in; and then after- w wards, with the pleased expression the face ar of ary sea captain will take when the wind is of the right kind and all things else as they ki shoal I be, he cast his gaze around the li horiz )n, c ' Hllo ' said he. "As?il ahead there, Mr. ti Stone.' o. Fortescue, who .had been watching the ft tedious operation of reeling in the logline, T looked in the direction indicated by the a' .kipper, and observed a tiny star-coloured oh- a ject hovering like the tip of a swan's wing opon the dim. 'weltering blue of the sea, I about a point and a quarter on the weather h bow. ... .... SShe was sighted at dawn, but she's groved " bhiggersince,' said Mr., ;one, with a como placency that for some moments puzzled &r.; Fortescoe. who said-- 'A sail ! Is that a ship? ' SAy, sir.,' ansaivred Hiram, going to the cmanriona; * s?aiip accordMg to law, be. a cause it's evident she ain't propelled by bars.c Bet whether 'she's b ihip according to shilors, h or only a brig,' or a' schooner, there's no a telling for a bt ; but only for a bit, sir, for c, we're catching her up fast enough to satisfy t the impatience of a lady who's got to open a B handbox afore shecad tell how what's inside it'll become her.' fi Saying which he smiled gauntly up at ri Fortesose and bawled in a hoarse note to d ' Johnny' to bring him his glass. When the tl telescope arrived and was levelled, the le gleaming object ahead proved to be the royals and topgallant sails of what the fu skipper said was a big ship; 'Steering the r s?me course as ourselves,' said Captain li Hiram. 'A frigate, maybe, bound to the it Mediterranean, or what's more like, a tea. waAgou goilg our road to the Findies. But at whatever ebe may.prove to be, th' Hope, 'r. y Fortaecue. ain't going to let her' remain a h mystery long,' and a 'mute would have p smiled to hear the bray'lika laugh this long, b lean, lank and leather fellow. gave as he ti rolled his eyes all over the schooner and b chafed his hands, as if he were working to «t get the stains of tar out. n They went to breakfast, a snag little meal, a for Mr. Salt, who was an of I hand at pro visioning ships, had so stocked the Golden ti Hope, that there was little Fortescae could o not get by asking, if except appetite, the ai relish that is more often found at sea than h carried there. His spirits were better than b he remembered them for months. The pace of the schooner, the bright morning, the a gladness of the sweet and frothing and awellitz ocean coming into him, had given tl him a lightness of heart. Things seemed T clearer to him also. The purpose of his at voyage, its inspiration, its prospects; he felt d a power of realising things more closely, yet di of diffusing his mind. too, as though a mental a: mist that had hidden everything but Agatha and what her name implied, had thinned ; a thereby not only offering him a clearer pre- b sentnieiht of motive and mission, but a eight c of other things as well.. it This perhaps might have been evideht in t1 the increased atlelniton. he gave to Captain VWeeks s reuark?s and anpperance, and in-the h 'f.n.ie.s whtich pos.eessed htln tuching the 0 contr he Iretween hls life at Wvloe and this. t' 'Could l r. Clayton hat see him. now!, how utcerly vanished, inde I, how utterly extin guiehed, by the liquid girdle of the deep, trose curtseying women, those grinning sun. a biurt countrymen, thoen apple-faced babies, y those bedridden crowns, those rows of Sunday d'essed tigures he was wont to exhort! O Time, nll Trim ! whilst the winrs and the i scythe are thile, who in his senses will deem that the ace ot miracles in oser? The wand I hae t... .,rd ;..rnd i. i e...,d -.f. ransrl. a nsick iprihioner. a eC?..gregatin, n confirm= tiotp class-here was Hiram Weeks with his legs etuck out like a pair of open compasses, I staring with eyes onagnifled by protrusion at r every mouthful he hell up on his.fork, his t learher, jaiws bo-y with ailk and mastilc- a tion ; hese w?hs a tseing interior swiftly con- c .veping the clerg.roan iver miles of water i even as he sat breakfasting, wih a glassey r death of hundreds of fathoms-for they were c off ' e,,uudings--Oetwixt the keel that kept I him ad rat snil'the- boltom, whilst God knows what quneer fish were lioking up with the a wall eye of the cod or the flat squint if the n dab at the ruddy sheathing of the 'G?olden I Hope II shing comet like through the liquid t firmatren that a verhango those hills and vallers of the deep, upon which are strewn I grses- covered wrecks and the green skeletons i of sailors. The sail ahead was goinc to furnish some excitement. By noon they had risen her to r her courses, when she was clearln made out to e a e large vessel under plain sail; but by I the time the stern of her showed black like a blo: of ink under her cotton-white canvas I with the lift of the sea. Mr. Stone, who had t Seen, watching her with attention from , anxiety (as Mr. Forteedae saw after a little?) that she might serve 'to illustrate the schooner's going power, sIddenly sang oat 1 whilst he kept his eye at the telescope- 1 'There goes his foretopm'st stua'sail ! By t the Lord Harry,sekipper, they've took notice i of us at last, and mean to make a race .of it.' It was evidently what the old fellow hoped ane wanted. for he toppled about with, ex eitemert,t whilst he thrust the alass into Mr. Forteecue's hands.and begged him to see for I himself. .What a foretopmast etun'sail.was I the clergyman had not the least idea; and it Mr. Stone had told him that the stranger I ahead had set his living jib sabaft the spanker he would, in all probanility. have simply said. ' Really !' Butitwasnotbardfor him toperceive after a little manoeuvring with the glass that the ship was a perlsfect pyramid of canvas, a ab'ining 0atllise against the piebald sky that ' iy ;'and even as'he gazsd he'obiserved an R extension of her eails os the weather Eide, woich when he called Captain Werks's atten a tion to it, caused the skipper to yell out ' Mr. SSrone I Mr. Stone Il all larboard stun'eails as 5 I'm a live man. from the royal yardarm to the e swinging boom! A smart ship, Mr. For a tescune, a smart ship, sir I Why, God bless e my soa anud body I to think now of. gear and Scanvas 'whipped aloft pretty nih as fast as e man can watch them doing of it.' Ir Yon saw how the cootest of speed that had Snow practically beguanwas exciting the men; d who, at work on the jobs which are as end d less a at*ilor's growling, peered and stared If ahead and dodged whatever was in their way' si sat a look ; whiles she sMhooner eo5mw under her figurte head rose in milk to the e forecastle rail; until after dinner, 2 o'clock, 7 it was just the breezs for her, a good cap fall Sfit to let her exhibit all she had for an occa * sion of this kind, though more was on her d than she needed for sober sailing. The h clouds were then blowing along in smaller masses, and if here and there one rose slow ad ud ponderous the skirts of it were rent ere it had fairly lifted, and drove fast ahead in patchibs. Also there eas a windy dimness in tone anerme, aus ure tla irue en l i ii sea hal darkened into a hara wintry o;ive,. with a quicker melting of the heads of the . surges, a swifter ran of them, and a swarm ing of yeasty looking stuff in the troughn. a But at times a puff would sing with a shrill Sedge in it; it was as thonuh the weather could not make up its mind; and.at ech momenld every brace and guy, everr sheet, tack, shabroud, and bsckstay was a screwed up fiddle-trinig for the wind to screech upon. (To ema coerarss.) 