A PRINTER'S LIFE. Every one, writes "Venator'" in the Batlmrst SenUne f, reads a paper and quite a \- v. number \yritc for it but who knows, or even makes tile - slightest "allowance for the man who brings the paper out. It is mighty easy to say "Oh the editor is boozed " but, who stops to inquire where were the comps. and \- the foreman ? Then again, anyone can say, " Oil, so-and-so- is off colour " but can tlicy get up and do better ? If so there is an open ing for. their genius, But the printer's life is not a happy one and by way of unlocking the hidden mystery in the breast of the unfortu nate type snatcher let me say that generally speaking the average eomp. is a quiet, easy going cuss, wanting but little here below, and seldom allowing himself to wipit it long after the ghost lias walked on pay day. The bete iioir of his life, perhaps, is the italic ease, to set a line from which generally manages t,r' make him acquainted with sorrow from .the ground up, and to sing inverted psalPTS in a style calculated to scare the sou.egl"bf a Solo- inoji,IsJiin_dec!s wooden god. .As a rule, says one of these informants, speaking frompain- ful experience, the italic ease is common l> property, and all hands have a hack at it. Joues comes along with the- words de mortuis \- nil nisi bonum. slings them into the case anyhow, and then steps' away with the air of a man who considers himself no slouch at -business. Long Sam then prances over with Hoiti oit qui maty jwh- c which he spills round promiscuously, like potatoes out of a sack. ' Another artist scatters Touporcs prct with a like impartiality into the space box, and then Poker Johnston trots over and cheerfully denotes a line of minion italic to the nonpareil case, am) goes on his way re joicing. By the time all hands are through and the office boy has contributed a fistful of N " pie " to the quad box, the italic case feels i, that its soul's jn_ arms and eager for the fray. Soqn after " copy " is called, and the . comps. buckle down to business. Methodist Brown, a pious, God-fearing man, when off work, has struck a take of court matter, full of legal terms, and as he notes the underlin ing, which reminds him he must make many 'pilgrimages to the italic case shrine, he groans in- spirits, and thinks of that land of pure delight where' saints immortal reign. Mentally offering up a prayer for strength to .- pull him through .the dread ordeal, he nieekly stops over to the nonpareil case to set up ..habeas corpus. Catching his stick with a death-like grip, . and holding his breath for fear any cuss'ords might leak out, he goes the h hML hauls up a minion d. This i|iul so he mechanically box K, the Again lie then infernal and case and reeling l a rolls case 