. LIKE AND UNLIKE, By M. E. Braddon, Author of Lady Audley'e Secret,' Etc. Chapter XXL— (Continued ) Leo read the letter ae she passed into ber drawingroom, followed by Mr. Beeching, who felt that the atmosphere wae tern- \- .pestuoue. 'You are too good to ask me to stay,' be muttered ; but I have just remembered a -most particular appointment at the Jnnior Carlton.' He was going, bnt ehe stopped him with "her hand on his ooat sleeve. ' You are not such a poltroon ae to rnn away because I'm in trouble,, are you, Beeohing ?' she &eked.; contemptuously. She -called him Beeobing or Joe indif . ierently, with a familiarity whioh seemed half-scornful, but whioh he liked, never- -jhelese, in his dull way- Til stop if yon like,' he said. ' What's the row ?' He had seen her in trouble before to-day, and had been ordered to help her, and the -reHUlt bad been duly recorded in his bank book. He -could see tbe figures on the olean white page now, as he stood there, helpless and balf- relnctant. Nothing had "come of that former ohivelry on his part, nothing \- except that he was called Joe or Beeohing, and was occasionally bitten by Tory, tbe poodle. Tory was under a sofa now, represented by \- B pair of fiery eyes gleaming in the darkness. -Tory had taken it into his over-educated 'head to detest Mr. Beeching. 'What's the row?' he asked again, as Leo -pored over the letter. 'The row ie that I shall bs mined, . humiliated, disgraced, unless I can produce -a hundred pounds in the next hour or two. Does the creators think I keep hundred pound notes under my pillow ?' 'I don't suppose she cares where yon keep 'em as long as ehe gets 'em,' replied Beeohing, brocdingly, bending down to poke bis whip . handle at Tory nnder the eofs, and reoeiving -a- growl and a glare from tbat celebrity for his painB. You'll have to pacify her somehow, .1 enppose, ' he went on, still intent apon Tory. ' If you can't give her money you xsnet give her money's worth, You've got ' your dismonas.' .He seated himself on the carpet at this juncture to be nearer Tory, who was waxing fnrions. 1 Of coarse I have my diamonds, and T muBt wear them to-night. Everybody knows abont them ' ' Well, not all about them,' muttered "Leeching, under his breath. ' Everybody knows I have them, and will expeot me to wear them.' What nice things would b-.< said of me if I didn't wear them. My diamonds, indeed ! I am to take my diamonds to Mrs. Ponsonby. Upon my word -Beeching, I thank you for the generous, .suggestion.' 1 Yah !' cried Beeohing, sharply ; not at this stab, bet at a very tangible bite from the aggravated poodle. ' Luncheon is on tbe table. Are yon going to sit there teasing Tury all the afternoon, or are you coming into lunch with me?' asked Mrs. Baddsiey, suddenly changing the -cenvereation. Mr. Beeching get np, and followed her to the diniDgroom, looking the very image of Bheepiehnees. It was only on the other Bide of an Oricntalcurtaip, the quaintest, snuggest, little room, fenced off from all rongh winds tbat blow by carved sandal wood careens and clusters of tall palms. On the small ronnd table, among quaint old silver and hothouse 'flowers, there appeared a dainty little luncheon of salmon outle s, a duckling, with all accompaniments in perfection, and a bottle of iced champagne, delioately wrapped in an embroidered d'oyley, The glass was Tenetian, the plates and dishes "were Wedge, wood. Mr. BeEching ate his lunoheon, andfel Tory, and while the salmon and duckling were being discussed there was not another word spoken abont Mrs. Ponsonby, or tbat hundred pounds which had to be found for her ; only Mr. Beeehi eg observed that his hostess, although she miniBtered delicately to his wants, ate hardly anything herself, and pushed away her p'ate with a heart broken air which made fiim feel very anoom- ' — - — — T"" 'Don't mind me,' she eaid. When she caught him looking at her. ' The difficulty ixauat be laced somehow. As yon say, I have my diamonds. I may have to humiliate myself so far as to offer that odious woman one of my bracelets »» a seourity for her debt.; This was a concession to the stringenoy of fate, Bnd Mr. Beechi« u felt that the lady 'Was becoming more reasonable. Was Peg Wi-ffington cfaesort of pereon who would wear diamonds?' he asked presently. ' She was a famous aotrees, and she was "very beautiful I leave you to judge.' Yes, I suppose she would have diamonds, They alwp.ys do, But are there not Btage .jewelB that yon could hire?' 1 Btage jewels ! J wear stage jewels ! when every ohorus girl in London wears -diamonds of the first water. I wonder that you don't knew me better.' She leant acrosa the table to fill his glass tot him. She bad filled it so often with tbat friendly, almost motherly air, tbat he bad finished the bottle onawareB, not knowing that his hostees bad ooly taken a spoonful. \- He began to be more sympathetic than be had been before lnnoheon, arid to be really concerned abont her dilemma. A hundred pounds. Suoh a sum was a -mere bagatelle to a man who connted his thousand b by tbe bnDdred, and felt a little nnoomlortable when he began on a fresh hundred thousand, just as humble poverty floes when it ohangea a sovereign. A hundred pounds more or leas could not make any difference to bim, and yet he did not like lending that beggarly sunt to Mrs Baddeley, intensely as be admired her. He had lent her a good many hundreds before, sometimes for Mrs. Ponsonby, ecmetimes for the Oriental warehouse, sometimes for tbe livery stable. She had not paid him, and he had not expected or even "wished to be paid, bat he had expeated tbat she would be grateful. He expeated to be favoured exclusively as one who bad helped her in the hour of need -and he bad not been so favoured. She had allowed him to haunt her drawingroom, and to go abont with her as a » ind of nnoffioial purse-bearer, psying for carriages, and opera- hoxeB, and picnio lnnoheons, and gloves, and frivolities of all kinds, and soarcely getting -thanked lor his pains. .He was so .inor> dinately rich tbat snch outlays were not -Supposed to count for anything. That which hit bim hardest waa the idea that St. Austell was preferred to bim ; th»t adore as faithfully ae he might, Lord St. .Austell had but to smile that all- conquering smile of his and Joe Beechiog'a devotion was forgotten. ' I believe that all I am good for in your -life is to play propriety when you go abont With St. AaBtell,' be said savagely, one day. \- 1 My dearest Beeohing, how oan yon talk "SO wildly. Do you enppose I am iu love — I, Leonora Baddeley — with Lord St. Austell. Do you forget that I have a dear, good, honest-minded husband toiling for me in -India ?' _ ' I think some of as forget him occa sionally. ' growled Beeching. And nnw to-dey, ruminating on that question of the cheque, to writa or no: to Write, Mr. Bceshing ikanght . also of Lord St. Austell. He had seen that gentleman wavering in hia allegiance to the elder sister, had seen him tramfer his devotion to the younger sister ; and he told himself that as arivii Si. Aasteil was out of the field. Ha felt mare kindly disposed after the duekiiDg and ohampagne, whieh wore both excellent after their kind. He trifled with Oma olives, and helped himself to a gla-<a of cisret, a wine he had himielf ahosen for Mrs. Baddeley, and paid for. She took all each contributions, iu the lightest way, as a flower absorbs dew, taking no heed of the #ver, never oppressed by the harden of obligation. He looked askant at her as ha tipped his wine. How nandsoms she was, Ond how well she looked in her habit, and there were tears in her eyes, yes, absolutely tears ' She' was riot drying about her gowns,! but it was tbe eenEe of hemiliation whioh crushed her. ' Don't be unhappy,' he said ; ' I'll go and eee this woman, and eee what can be done. Do yoa owe her much V ' I'm afraid I do owe her a good deal.' ' Tell me the worst. Give me her .last account.' ' You'll be shooked, I'm afraid,' said Leo, taking a paper ont of her davenport. ' Her prioes are extortionate, and I have been so unlucky at all tbe races this year. Last year I paid her a heap of money after Ascot, and another heap — well, over a hundred eaob time — after Doncaster.' 'I'll see what I can do,' said Beeohing, i uaaxjjg a wiyiauu bb ub ioosea at toe total It w»s just nnder nine hundred pounds. Chapter XXIE — Mb. Beeching's Ulti matum. Mr. Beeohing took a hansom and drove to a street off Cavendisb-cqnare. a street well known to all the best-dressed women in London. As he drove' along he debated what he Bhould do for Mrs. Baddeley. He was eo inherently a man of business— albeit he had never soiled his fingers with the grime of a city office — that it irked him to fling a hundred pounds into this harpy'B maw, as a sop is flung to Cerberus. It would please him better to make some kind of bargain with tbe harpy, even if the transaction should oost him more than a hundred pounds. He wanted to get some advantage for bis money. He sent his oard to Mrs. Ponsonby, and was at onee admitted into tbe very sanotuary of the honse near Cavendish square — the lady's private room, etndy, office, or boudoir, whichever she might preter to call it ; and here be was received with graoioos smiles by Mrs. Ponsonby hereelf. She needed no explanation of hie errand, or she bad eeen him in attendance upon the handsome Mrs. Baddeley at race meetings and other piaoes of publio resort, whither Mib. Ponsonby went occasionally to see how tbe world waa using her customers. It was there tbat she made np her mind about all her doubtful patronesses as to how far they might be worthy of her confidence. That whioh she saw at Hurlingbam or at Sandown served as the obart by which she steered in dangerons seas. In tbe dreesmaker's esti mation of Mrs. Baddeley — whose account was a bagatelle compared with other ao counts— Mr, Beeohing was an important factor. He bad never crossed her threshold until to day, and she felt pleased with herself for having written the letter tbat had brought bim there. She was not so pleased, however, after a quarter of an hour's conversation with Mr- Beeching. Of money on aooonnt he wonld not give her a sixpenoe. If ehe were prepared to settle her acoonnt npon equitable terms, say, thirty-three per cent., he would give her his cheque and take Mrs. Baddeley a receipt in (nil of all demands. If she were not dis posed to aooept this offer, she must look to Mib. Baddeley alone for her money. He would have nothing to do with it. He knew what dressmakers' b.lls were, and the usurious profits they exacted. He was assured that thirty-three per cent, wonld pay for all that she had supplied, and leave a margin of profit. At any rate that wae bis ultimatum. Mrs. Baddeley bad given him plenary powers. As for the gowns for this evening, Mrs. Baddeley could do very well without them. It wae by her aoting, not by her costume, she was to please her audienoe. It was not be supposed that he was to be frightened into paying an exorbitant account. Mrs. Ponsonby held ont for a long time. She was not in the habit of compromising an account. She was in no immediate want of money. She meant to have her due. Mrs. Baddeley wunld be obliged to pay her. My good son, it is all veiy well to talk,' replied Mr. Beeohing, who was more at bia ease in a business interview than in society ; 'but can you get blood out of a stone? Can you get nine bandred ponndB out of an cfficet's wife — a lady whose hoeband ie being- roasted alive 8t Candahar or eome where, in order to keep body aod eoul together. Tew have made your mistake in trueting . a -: lady in Mrs. Baddeley'e sad position, arid you ought to think yourself uncommonly lucky if yon get a clear third of yonr account., without lun-o-r—nej or bother or any Kind. ' Mrs. Baddeley may not have money, bnt she has friends,' argued the dressmaker, doggedly. - 'No donbt Bhe has friends — hosts of friends — bnt I take it I am the only one among 'em who wonld pay six and eight- penoe in the pound to get ber out of a difficulty. One thiDg I oan assure yon, Mrs. Ponsonby, I won't pay seven shillings. I have made my final offer.' He had his ' cheque-book in the breast pocket of bis snmmer overooat, the end Bbowing dis'inctly against tbe Bilk lining. He touched tbe book lightly as he spoke, and tbat touch deoided Mrs. Ponsonby. bbe had felt some uneasiness about Mrs. Baddeley's account, and it was something to get the coEt price of ber materials, with tbe credit of haviog dressed a lady who was known and admired in a particular set, and who bad bronght Mra. Ponsonby a good deal of ouBtom. ' I should be sorry to disoblige a lady for whom I have a great liking,' she said, with a patronising air ; 'and rather than do that I will accept your cheque. ' 'And give me a receipt in full of all demands ?' Yes, so far as tbe acoount you have there. The gowns that are to be delivered this afternoon are not in that acoount.' What are they to cost?' Mrs. Ponsonby looked at a document on her Davenport. ' SeveDty-seven pounds eighteen shillings and ninepenoe.' 'I'll add thirty-five to yonr cheque, and yon can orosB Mrs. Baddeley ont of your books altogether.' ' What 1 I am to take a third of my aeoount and to lose my customer?' 'Not at all. She says there is no one in London but yon who oan make her a gown. She will go on dealing with yon I have no donbt ; bnt if she takes my advice she will always pay ready money, and always know what ebe ie going to pay when ehe givee tbe order. Yon'll both of yon find the system ever so much pleaaanter.' Not if my prices are to be out down in this way,' replied Mrs. Ponsonby. There was a farther discussion, bnt Mr. Beeohing's logic Bnd bis cheque-book pre vailed. He wrote hie cheque, got the two reoeipted accounts, saw the milliner's basket deposited os the top of a Mb, with a yonng woman in charge of it, and tben drove baak to Wilkie Mansions. He passed the four- wheeler and the big basket before he reached the Park. Mrs. Baddeley was in her drawingroom, pale, anxious, bnt lovely, in a Japanese tea- gown, and lime-blossom green, under a olond of ooffee-ooloured laoe. < Dearest Beeohing, have yon got me my gowns ?' she gasped, with olasped hands, as he stood just within the doorway. Tory, always eager to distinguish himself, rushed at tbe half-open door and banged it, and tben oame hack to hia mistress on his hind-legs to ask for his aoonBtomed reward of biseuit or sngar, hot Leo was too agitated to think of Tory. Your gowns will be here in ten minntes. I pssied them on tbe road. . Gould you think I wonld allow yon to be unhappy for tbe sake of a paltry bandred?' said Beeohing, tenderly. Oh, Leonora, how little you know me.' This was a plnnge. He had never ealled her Leonora before. Tory gave a short, indignant bark, either at Mr. Beeohing's familiarity or at his mis-- tress's neglect. I have done something more than yon asked,' continued Beeching, still more tenderly. 'I have got yon ont of debt. You don e owe Mrs. Ponsonby a shilling. There is the old aooonnt, and there is the aooount for your new gowne, both receipted. ' Yon darling 1 How can I ever be grate-, fol enough ? How ean I ever repay yon V ' Yon might repay me easily, if yon tried, Leonora. Hhow me a little of tbat favour which yon lavish eo freely npon yonr sister's lover. Give me .eome of those smiles, yon -give to 'St. Austell ' ' Let me be' sooiething more to yon than a stop-gap and:a con venience. Leo, yon know tbat I adore yoa.' He uiew nearer to lner, regardless oi Tory, whose- yellow eyes were shining ominously, 1 Yon won't refuse me a kiss, Leo?'. ' One 1 Half a dozen, it you like.' He eprang to clasp her waist, to prose those exquisite lips, and was met by a cold blaek muzzle, which touched him for an instant, and was withdrawn just as it widened into a growl, preliminary to a enap. Mib. Baddeley had snatched up Tory, He wae to her as Medusa's head was to Minerva, and almost aB invincible. My dear Beeohing, I hope your kindness in helping me out of a difficulty does not make you forget that I have a husband in India,' Bhe said with dignity, and Beeohing stood before her orestfallen and angry, but unable to reply. Mr. BeeohiDg began to understand that he wae to write obeqnes whenever they were urgently wanted, but tbat be was to get nothing but afternoon tea and Tory's attentions for his money. 'Yon are very cruel,' he said sulkily. ' Good day.' ' You'll come to see the play, dear Beech ing,' she eaid, as he was departing, 'I'll be if I do!1 ' Oh, I hope yon won't be that ; but I know you'll oome to see Peg Woffington.' He met tbe milliner's basket and the yonng woman jnst emerging from the lift. He had none of tbat generous glow whioh Ib said to follow tbe doing of a good action. He fell angry and savage at being foiled. 'The next time she's in a difficulty ehe may whistle for me,' he said to himself ; but when eight o'olook oame he could no more keep away from the Yiotorian-hall than a moth ean keep away from a candle. It was so near hie chambers in tbe Albany, He had not even to order his brougham. Be juBt slipped on his overooat, took one from half a dozen guinea lioketB on his ahimDey-piece, and walked to the place of entertainment Carriages were setting down at the entrance. Lady Belfield, Helen, and Sir Adrian were going in jast in front of him, amongBt a fashionable orowd. His Btall was next bnt one to Helen's, and St. Austell occupied the ezat between them. 'How odd that we should be side by side,' said hie lordship, loud enough for Lady Belfield to hear. Helen made no answer. She was not yet mistress of those arts of hypoorisy whioh enable a woman to glide from flirtation to flirtation, and from intrigue to intrigue, with a bold front and a lofty crest. She had not passed the border line of guilt, and yet her bead was bent by tbe harden of consoions shame. That slight droop of the head, and languid pensive air, enhanoed her beauty, in an age when brazen mirthfulness is the commonest attribute of woman. She had a fragile look, like a tall white lily, bent almost to breaking. Some of her friends said she looked consumptive, and wonld- not last many seasons. She knew that St. Anstell had taken infinite trouble to get tbat stall next bet's. He had been with ber at tea-time to find ont the number oi her seat — bad been with her, they two alone, in tbe Japanese drawing room — with not even Tory to make a diver sion from perilous sentimentality — and then bad driven off to the Hall in a hansom to get h's own number exohanged ; and now he expeated ber to aot surprise. Masks and Faaes' was listened to with politenesB aud appropriate applauee by people who remembered Fanny Ssirling in tbe heyday of her charms as Peg Woffiogton ; by people who could hardly dissooiate the oharaoter from Mrs. Bancroft, and by other people who had seen Mrs. Bernard Beere. As for Mrs. Baddeley, her diamonds and her gowns were lovely. Her aoting was easy aod refined, and utterly undr&matio; ; but she was above tbe level of her fellow-performers, and was supposed by them and by herself to be taking the town by Btorm. Applause is given so freely to amateurs, since approval means nothing and compromises nobody. People who have been coaxed into baying guinea Btalls for an old familiar play, mast at- least pretend to enjoy themeelves, and the audience wss fashionable, aud could console itself with the idea that it was the right thing to be there. Lady Belfield and her daughter-in-law par lad in the vestibule. - Helen wae going on to a party in Regent Terrace with her sister. She had to go to Mrs. Baddeley'e dressing- tV»ovn fUnt lotfijr ntlflnOAfl her drees, wbioh would be rather a long busineBB no doubt. St. Austell - offered to take her to her siBter's room, bnt Adrian gave her his arm, aB if by a superior right. If yon'll take oare of my mother, I'll be back in a few minntes,' he said to St. Austell, aa he walked off witb Helen. It waB the first time she had tonohed hiB arm since they were affianced lovers, and ber j fingers trembled faintly as they rested on his sleeve. She bad 80 'many canseB for agitation tbat night. St. Austell's pursuit, unobtrusive, but fatal ; her fear of her husband's retnrn, whioh might ooonr at any moment ; and now ber dread of this grave, earnest brother- in law, whom Bhe bad wronged in the past, and whom she shrank from in the present as from one who bad an oaoult power to read her heart. Yon are looking pale end tired, Helen,' said Adrian, as they went along a passage leading to the baok of the Hall. Moat yon really go to a party to-night ?' I am dne at two. There Ib Lady Glan- dore's musical evening, which I wonld not miss for worlds, Bnd a dance afterwards — a late dance — whioh means or flee and carriages at six o'olook to-morrow morning.' ' ' ' ' I believe yon are killing yorirself with this kind of life.' Ob, but it is only a spurt; it lastsiso short a time — "a rose's brief bright life of joy," as somebody has said ' And yon go from party to party, from orewd to orowd, alone ?' ' What do you mean by alone ? I am nnder my elder sister's wing, always.' I don't think tbat wing is quite enough to shelter yon, Helen. I don't like to think of yon about in eooiety without yonr hasbaud.' .' I shonld see vary little of society if I waited forrValentine to take me abont. Da yon know that I should have gone out of my mind a few months ago — gone melaneholy mad— if Leo bad not oome to my reBone ?' Tbat ie very Bad, Helen. I most talk to my brother—' Don't I It wonld only make bad blood between us. It is all over with us aB a devoted couple; it wee all over directly after onr honeymoon. I was so fond of him, arid i I thought we were going to be so happy < together— not commonplace married people, leading commonplace - semi-attached livbs, bnt wedded lovers. I very soon found out ! my mistake.' ' Bat yoa have only been married two years. You oannot be tired of each other yet. Valentine istoo'mnoh aoouekomod to have his own way, and to Be'ek his own amusement ; bnt I have no donbt he loves yon ae fondly as ever.' Yon have not seen us together, or yon wonia Know oeiter." I cannot believe that there ia any ohange in hie feelings,' persisted Adrian ; bat I think tbe kind of life yon are leading is calculated to eitrange him. The knowledge that von are going abont in society without bim will make him more "and more careless of his home, more intent upon hia own pleaenreB.' They were at Mrs. Baddeley'e door by tbiB time. ' Good night,' eaid Helen; offering Adrian berhand. He pressed it gently, with, a brother's kindly gr&Bp.; We may meet again, perhapa, before morning. I saw Glandore at the Junior Oarlton, end be asked me to look in at her ladyship's party, and hear Patti.' An revoir, then,' eaid Helen, with an ondefinable feeling that Adrian's presence would spoil her evening. He bad told her tbat he did not approve of her butterfly life; and ehe eonld not shake off the idea that be oonld read her thoughts and knew the downward road on wbioh ehe was travelling. Chapter XXIII.— On the Terrace, It took Mra. Baddeley a considerable time to transform herself from Peg Woffing ton to a lady of. the period. Tbe ooneert was over in Begent Terrsee when the eiatera arrived. Patti bed rang and departed, and a ateeam o! amart people were flowing oat of the lofty hall cm their wuv to uumea ; i'iri the pleseantest feature of Lady Glandore'e parties was Uits laiup.u tcrruoe, wntre ner ladyship's guests 'sauntered up or down, or aat abont in friendly groupB among groves of palms and . pyramids of flowers, and listened to a band stationed at the end of the terraoe. Whatever band waa beet and moBt fashionable - was to be heard at Lady Glandore'e ; and. the change from the bril, iiant rooms and operatic mnsio, tbe crowd and the dazzle outbe house, to thie cooe region of palme arid flowers and lampion clustering among the greenery, and Japanea umbrella oanopies, and little tables pro tided witb strawberries and cream, and talk, and flirtation, and toed drinks, and stirring national melodies, was a change that delighted everybody. And there, across the shadowy park, in sombre solemn grandeur, showed the dense bulk of Abbey and Senate House ; tbe place where the dead, who aeem so great, are lying ; and tbe place where the living, who seem eo email, are trying to talk themeelves into fame and immortality. There were many people in London who preferred Lady Glandore'B terraoe to the smartest danoe of the season, and who lingered and loitered there between lamp light and shadow, strolling np and down, or leaning on the balustrade, dreamily contem plative of that dark bnlk of towers and roofs. tonohed hera and there with points of vivid ight. Mrs. Baddeley was neither dreamy nor contemplative, and the only ideas the Abbey or the Senate House awakened in her mind were tbat death in - any form, even when4 glorified in marble, -wae an inevitable noisance, and that politics were, perhaps, a still greater bore. She was ol tne earth, earthy, and always made the most of the present moment. ' She speedily took pos session of one of tbe Btrawberry and oream tables, and had a cluster of admirers abont her, whom ehe sent on errands to the eupper- room. _ — I am going to frighten you ail-by oatiog- a most prodigious sopper,' she oried. ' Re member, I have -.been actiog oomedy and tragedy, laughing aod crying, and loving and suffering, Tor theoe bonre, and have had nothing but one poor little split and a teaapoonful of brandy. 1 am on the verge of exhaustion, so now feed me, good people. What, is that yon, Beeching ?' she oried, ae a dark fignre and an expanse of ebirt-tront rose up in the shadow of a neighbouring palm, like the ghost in ' the Oorsioan Brothers.' ' I did not think I should see yon here to-night. How did you like my Peg ?' She wae lifting a champagne tnmbler to her roBy lips ae Bha spoke, and Beeching thonghc Bhe wae alluding to eome particular order of drink, How did yon like the play — and — my gowne ?' ehe said, impatiently. ' I suppose it waB all very fine, but I ain't much of a judge of anything but a burlesque.' ' Oh, but I hope ' I mfode you cry,' said Mrs. Baddeley, attacking a plateful of delioaciee, whioh a practical admirer had colleoted for her ; foiegrafe, ohioken, lobster salad, all on the same plate. It saves eo much time,' he said, 'and you don't seem to be eating so much,' to whioh Leo laughingly agreed. ' When I have finished my eupper I mean to wallow in etrawberrieB and oream for the reec of the evening,' she said, with frank vulgarity ; ' and you will all have to amuse me. I am mnch too exhausted to do any talking myself.' 1 Then I'm afraid yon must be at death's door,' retorted Beeching. Good graoioue !' cried Leo, starting up suddenly and looking about her. 'Have yon dropped anything?' oried a ohorus of admirers. ' Your fan — your hand keronief ?' ' No, it's my sister. I'm chaperoning her, dorinyon know, poor yonng thing, and I haven't eeen ber eince we left the eloak room.' ' Oh, ehe'e quite safe,' said Beeohing, in hie Blow, sullen voice. 'I saw ber at the other end of the. terrace — the dark end — looking at the view — with St. Austell.' I'm afraid I ought to go and look them up presently,' eaid Mrs. Baddeley, pushing away her plate with- a sigh of satisfaction ; and now, yon dear, good Colonel, you may, go and get me some oream. and-tbing-. what., ever looks nioeat. Yon are snoh a good oaterer. St. Auatell Ib a dear fellow, but it's" nnlucky he has made himeelf Bach a bad re putation.' .)-< I don't think he took mnoh tronble about it,' answered Beeohing. '.I fancy it oame naturally.' Snoh a pity,' sighed Leo. ' He ia bo handsome — and distinguished — and olever — bo altogether nice '—an if the laet word ex- .preaeed supreme merit — and yet people will talk about him, "and it's almost dangerons for a young married woman to be oivil to him.' Yon are not afraid, tbo',' eaid Mr. MonntneeBing, a man abont town, who was very devoted to Mrs. Baddeley, but who had never imperilled hia peace of mind, or de pleted hiB parse for any woman living. Y.u are uncommonly civil to him.' Oh, I don't oonnt. I am a Bohemian of the BohemianB. I make no distinctions. , I know ao thoroughly well how to take oare of myself,' eaid Leo, devouring an iced souffle. Upon my -word I believe yon do, 'r eaid Mr. BeeohiDg. to whioh tbe chorus agreed. ' But my eiBter ia younger than I am, and knows very little of the world, and ought to be looked after,' said Leo, attacking a pine apple cream. 'Not nearly ao good -ar the souffle, Colonel; yon ahonld have bronght me more of tbe eonffie.' . And! Mrs. Belfield has not the advantage of a baeband in India,' eaid Colonel Got- terell. No, Indeed, poor thing 1' agreed Leo. ' A negleotful hneband at home ie not nearly eo great a protection lor a wife ae a dear kind fellow in India, toiling for one nnder a tropical ean.' , , .. . ' So toaohiog 1' esid the Colonel, (to be continued,) 