JACK AND JILL. -4-- [BY GAnNET WALCIr.] (All Rights Reserved.) (CONCLUDED). At the Springs, about half way up the Mount, you know, old Voods alid his wife, who live there, made us welcome. There we had breakfast, and left some of the party Whb o did'not caro to go on to the top. But we young fellows, and. most of the girls, nvere not so lazy. Nothing short of the very tip of the Pinnacle would suit us, so on we toiled, Arnold still sticking close to Jill, and Jack endeavouringto stifle his feelings by constittiting himself impromptu- alpen- stock cutter and flower-gathoror for us all. Up over the stony track, while .tlhe lizards, frightened from their moining bask, scuttle away in scores on either side. Up past the lower ice-house, where the winter's snows are stored, -to "coldly furnish foith "' the summer beveragesof the good souls far beneath in Hobart Town. Up through the Sbelt of dead saplings,.fringizigthe..way like a hop garden, sans the vines. Up, past the higher ice-house with a brief halt to admire its vien from thispoint. Up and over the 'Ploughed'Field,' where acres of 'boulders, tons in weight, lie piled and heaped and jumbled together, as if the giants of 'those days' had. made the place a Corporation Roeserve,: and Titanic rubbish had been 'shothere' with a vengeance. Up, highei 'still, across the brow of the mountain, until am bition is sated and ivehry limbs are rested by a seat upon the very highest pint of all-the 'Pinnacle.' Here, pnned by a cool.- breeze from the outh, we enjoyed the glorious pano rama at our feet. I'm not given to Sspouting, but. if iuy.thing could ever Sstir me up to breakinig out in that 'way it would be the vioes friom' grand old Mount Wellington. Talk• of your. Alps your Apponines, your Mount Blanc, and your ?onte :Rosa,: and so on, which some of our irool-king~ aind other aristocratics givo: hundreds of pounds to go and . see ! Why. they've only got to jump on board- of the T.S.N.' Com panjy's boals and ruin down to' the tight little island to enjoy -scenery every bit as good, with the additional comfort of having their on' family rand friends around tlihem, and none of Ithat boeastly selfish feeling:.which a fellow must experience when he 'goes ooning over the Coiintinent' by him |self, seventeen thousand miles• away | oum relations, or even' acquatintrinces. It was two o'clockl before wle got iack. to the ' Springs;' where dinner Iwas waiting us. A jolly dinnerit was, you may; be sure, for the tucker was S'ood, and so were our :mountain luppetites. hMy word! how old JopI son did wire in to the veal anid ham pie, and the cherry tdarts; and the ottled beer and 'tht;i youf would , ever have thought:so little a -craft ithsuchi a small hold, could, have aken in such a cargo. But he njoyed himself, and -so did :the est of us, all except Jack; and think I was the only one ..'theroe aho- detected the wianit of, the usiial hearty ring in the dearchapi's' voice, r noticed that his cheerfulness was 0reed, andhis zeal in making himself oenerally usoful rather- over-rated. Dinner was followed ":by rest, round lames, and a few little stolls hither Ind thither until,tea was ready.;' KThe 'trianagcment wa?s that we shouild wait nn hour or so after -tea, and then Iescend to the 'Cascade,' at: the .ountain foot, ;whei' e cabs would he -waiting us, by the light of the moon, hen nearly full. Twilight ihad almost et in hen nwo preparacc to start on the lome trip. As usual, on.occasions of. he kind. before leaving the ' Springs' muste" was called. Sik wereinissing -Arnold, Jack, Jill, anild tlhreethors.. ,ftor awhile four of thlese tuined uixp: Srnold, escorting a Vietoria;tSnyoung. idy, and I uggRFinch, with his cousin y (on wrom by the way, he was ful spoons,. she who afterwards arried quite a'.other follow). Whero as Jack and J1 U? Oh boieig ques !ned, the new a:rnivals stated that eo nrtfy of six h ud strolled off in arch of flowers and berries, immedi e?ly after tea, and hu!a strayed a mile I two from tho camp. iAek and Jill d made a short cut throu gh ~tliebush, Sget some extra fine be.'ries Jack iew of, and the olthers, not wishing .accompany them, had walked quietly ek. They would probably :rejoin Smain body in a few minutes. The v minutes paossed, a quarter of an ur wenit by, the shades of nig?.Žt jan to creeoop up the mountain, and i no Jack--no Jill. ' Cooing' was v resorted "o, but without result. p moon, instead of illuminating the n e, now slipped behind some omi i s-looking blaok ?elouda. At last, .~ . - through the fust?doepening gloom, thore came a figure in a white dress. It was Jill, running at top speed along tlhe tire] that skirted the mountaiin side. As she approached, we saw that her face was as whito as her dress, and w:ore an expression of horror. Ar arived in our midst, shoe was quite un able tooutter a single word, but fell 'down :in a dead faint, which lasted for some minutes. When she was sufficiently recovered to tell us the sad truth, we learned that Jack, over 'reaching himself in the endeavour to 'obtain aspecial bunch of berries for 'her, had fallen down .a very steep place-in fact, a precipice-at the bottom of which he-was now lying, either senseless or dead, for.he had never once replied to the repeated cries ::of his distracted companion. Dreadful news, indeed ! But there was no time for tears or lamentation. A search-party was at once organised, and about a dozen of us (including a doctor, who was of the party),- set off at full speed for the spot indicated by the exhausted girl. ' I managed to head the other fellows a little, and as I ran, my thoughts were, of course, full of but one thing: How were we to face Jack's widowed mother, down in"Hobart Town, if we had to take her dear boy to her, dead. Oh, Jack, old fellow; ifi could only have taken your place! I pictured the accident much as I afterwards found.that it Shad?really happened.' Jack, delighted at having a few moments of his dar linig's company all to himself, had been over-eager to please her every whim, and she, commanding him with the dignity of a young queen, had bid him do what seemed to be almost an impossibility. Then, in the moment of triumph, with the prize secured, ready to lay at his lady's feet, a treacherous bit of iock had given way, and the poor boy was hurled on to the cruel rocks far below. By this time I was at the place, which, as far as I could tell by 'the little light there now was, must be the place where the accident had happened. Here flowers had evidently been recently plucked, for some were lying on the groudli, and there, jutting out into the darliness, was a piece of rock, with a small bush at its extremity. I peered over into the darkness be neath. Nothing to be seen; nothing to be heard. I shouted the old familiar name again and'again, but always without response, save that of the echoes. My friends had joined me now, and we raised a louder shout together. Still no answer from the deep black gulf at our feet. Night had fairly set in, and with it rain and wind, that lashed the forest trees around us and howled. dismally amongst the spectral branches of the gum-trees high o'erhead. The next thought was, of course, to descend the cliff, but the last match amongst us was exhausted before we could find any way down the almostperpendicular face of the cliff. A hurried con sultation was held, which resulted in ~ome of our number being despatched to the hut and the Springs, with odiders to bring back matches; candles, and-rope, and to set the pic-nickers on their homeward road along the safe, if. darkened, track. There was no accommodation for so large a party at the Springs; besides, their stayjing could do no god. So, with heavy hearts and little hope, if iany, those who had set.out that morning returned thrlough wind and rain to Hobart Town, and we were left to re-com mence our search. I shall :nevoer 'forget how the night passed .How nimavailing were our. efforts' to discover a means of reaching 'the bottom of' the gulf. How our candles were extinguished, as soon as lighted. How torches, flung: dbon. into the darkness, went out before they;touched tho ground, or shone only as mere. red'specks of'glowing" light as they lay,' flameless; hu'ndreds of feet down? How no voide ever came back to :our renewed shouts; and, how heart-sick and numbed with the wet and midnight cold, we waited for the dawn. 'At last it came.' A dull, grey streak shone over in the eastern sky; above the further tree tops; 'and broadelied slowly iinto day. Gradually, we could see' further and "further into the chasm below, until the sharpest-sighted amongst us discerned the bottom, and gave an anxious horror-stricken look ~for the mangled form. We had been peering thus for a moment, when we turned simultaneously to each other. There was a new and strange expression on each. face, which would have told its dwn tale to any spectator: It meant simply this-that poor Jack's mangled corpse was not at the bottom of the precipice. The body had disappeared. Cx 'C ''% - .s That same morning theion was a sad party assembled at breakfast. in Jill's father's:~ house. .N, news had. come from the Mountnain;, and: no iews, in:. this instance, meiiant bad news.:i: The: elders began to talk among thon-' selves as; to who should break the sad intellingence to Jack's ni6tliei:(to whom a message lhad been :desatched on the previous evening,, accountfig, in a friendly, false wayf, forhis absence). Jill '~at eyeing hei uintuoiched- cup of ~tea, the great round tears welling up from the depths of her beautiful eyes, and rolling silently down her .fair cheeks. Those eyes had not been closed through all the many watches. of the night; those carmine lips had never ceased to pray for 'Dear, dear Jack'-that little heart had throbbed and throbbed so painfully, those saddened thoughts had miade con fessioh that, after all, gawky or no, Jack had been the best, the very best and kindest lad that ever breathed: so gentle, so tender, yet so manly in his ways; so ready with a smile, or some slight service, s.ome thoughtful action; and now to thli k that he was lying dreadfully wou2ded, or, perhaps, even worse, and a31' her fault--the fault of her wicked wilfulness--her horrid stub born pride, which had made her tease and worry the poor fellow, instead of treating him kindly, as he so well deserved. So the big tears kept welling and dropping, the egg ro mained unchipped, the toast unnibbled, and Jill continued in her reverie of pain until - until what? Why until this :---A figure darkened the doorway, and a voice cried ' H.ere are your berries, Jill!' There was no ihistaking the gawky figure. There was equally little doubt about that unmusical voice. They both belonged to Jack. Yes, to Jack! Who stood there smiling, hale and sound, with the identical berries in his hand which had led to his accident. No ghost, as Jill thought. Certainly not. For when she ran, trembling all over with mingled joy and fear, and nestled in thosoe large old arms, he soon convinced her, by a flesh and blood squeeze, that .there was nothing immaterial about him. And so they all sat down to breakfast once more, and as a proof of' how the mind acts upon the body, I don't care if I tell you, in confidence, that more toast and a fresh relay of eggs had to be ordered in, before the meal was over and Jack's con.gratula tions, and story were well finished. This' was the story, as we heard it for ourselves, when, two or three hours afterwards, we entered the house, with faces as long as fiddles, and primed with our narrative of how we had searuhed every bush, nook, and cranny, without finding the mutilated body of him whom we saw sitting before us, as jolly as a sand-boy, with three empty egg-shells on his plate, and his left hand under the table, suspiciously corresponding with a similar invisi bility on the part of Jill's right digits. This was the story, as told us briefly: Jack, after lying stunned some time, for he had escaped death by falling, first on a tuft of bushes, half w ay down the cliff, and finally on a spongy morass at the bottom, had partially recovered his senses, and had, in a dazed state, at first crawled, and then slowly walked along the gully, until he saw a splitter's hut in the distance; there he had been attended to by the eccupants, and had fallen into a heavy sleep until daylight, when remember ing how anxious his friends must be, he had set off for town, and as Jill's house lay on his road home, why, he naturally called there first. We could not understand, even with a temporary rest on the way, how Jack could have fallen two or three hundred feet with ouit being killed outright, and this remained a bit of a mystery until some days after, when, re-visiting the scene, in Jack's company, I found that I had mistaken the spot where he fell over, and had hit upon a somewhat similar point of the .cliff, nearly a hundred yards from the place where he really did fall, and where the cliff, although very precipitous, was less than fifty feet high. So we were all jolly once again, especially Jill; whom I don't think could have looked more radiantly happy than she did that morning, with her dear old. sweetheart by her side. Stay ! I'm wrong again. I did see her looking even happier on one occasion, but from a similar cause, for it was again Jack's presence which lighted up that sunny face, and made those previous dimples extra dimplish. Jack's presence, not as her sweetheart, but as her husband, was, about three years after the eventful day of the accident. I had the honour to bebest man, and I am prepared to swvear I .never saw a better matched, more thoroughly nice couple in my life than Jack and Mrs. Jack-nee Jill. ' 