THE CATHOLIC APOSTOLIC CHURCH. The last of the series of addresses under the auspices of the Catholic Apostolic Church was delivered at the Mechanics’ Institute last night. The lecturer first drew attention to the fact that lie had previously shown that the Holy Ghost was at the beginning of the church’s history given by the laying on of apostles’ hands. This gift of the Holy Ghost, he said, was very different to the operation of the Holy Ghost as the Spirit of Grace. By the grace given in their baptism, men were able to bring forth the frnits of the Spirit—love, joy, peace, long- suffering, gen tleness, goodness, faith, meekness, tempe rance; but the gifts of the Spirit—prophecy, the working of miracles, the gift of healing, and so forth—were given only when the Holy Ghost came upon a Christian as the Spirit of Power at the laying on of apostles hands. The reason why these gifts .were not manifested after the loss of the apostles was beeauso the only ministry which could convey them was absent. This personal iu-dwclling of the Holy Ghost was something beyond anything given in the Jewish dispensation, when Ho used the prophets, but did not dwell in them as a continual energising force. This gift, said the lecturer, is called the sealing iu Ephesiuns i., 13 (read with Acts xix., 1-6; Ephesians iv., 30; 11. Corinthians, i., 21 and 22). Bishops do not and never have claimed the power of conferring so high a gift. The Book of Revelation predicts its restoration after the opening of the sixth seal, when the four angels hold back the four winds until another angel seals 144,000 of the children of Israel. This refers, continued tho lecturer, to the spiritual Israel, for the apostle John was a Christian minister, and gave his revelation to the Christian Church. The sealing is giyen for the preservation of those who received it from the judgments coming on the earth. They are with the Lamb upon Mount Zion when the rest are passing through the great tribulatiou. These are the first fruits of God, and the Lamb gathered one by one as tho high priest gathered the first ripe ears of corn that he might wave them before God as the earnest of the harvest. The first ripe ears gathered by the high priest were not quite ripe, and had to be ripened iu the oven.' So those whom God chooses to be of the first fruits uow are ripened by a special spiritual action which others do not know. When the first fruits are taken away then the gathering of the harvest will take place amid the judgments of God sent to rouse Hfs people from their spiritual slumber, and after that there will be the gleanings, those who must be snatched as a brand from the burning even as the vials of God’s wrath de scend. Not one of His faithful ones will be lost, but those who will not listen to the still small voice, must pass on into the judg ment. The Lord comes to these three classes of His. people before His appearing, when every eye shall see Him, and all the nations of the earth shall wail because of Him. Then none shall be left but those who have sided with Autichrist, and these have reason to wail. Before that He will have come as a thief doing a spiritual work; that none but tho spiritual can know or recognise, and taking away from the earth all who are His. Now He comes with His saints to establish His millenial Kingdom. The Jews shall rule over all the nations of earth as kings and priests to God, but the Christian Church, as the bride of the Lamb, shall share His rule over all creation fleshly and spiritual. 