Jupiter. The great red spot in Jupiter has been regarded with much interest by astronomers during the past few years. Despite much labor on the part of observers very little is really known about the spot. What has been ascertained with regard thereto is contained in the following remarks by Professor Young, published in a recent number of the Glasgow Weekly Herald :—" The great red spot, which for eight years now has been the object of so much interest, is an oval of about 30,000 miles in length and 9,300 in width. It was first noticed in 1878 by several inde- pendent observers. Its genesis was not seen, but it was fully former when first perceived, and probably originat- ed a few months earlier, when the planet was near the sun and out of reach of observation. It is situated at about 30o south latitude, and owes its name to the strong brick-red or maroon color which characterised it during its earlier years. In its youth the red spot was somewhat irregular in its behavior, putting out prongs and processes here and there, and ap- parently crawling about a little on the planet's surface. At first the belts seemed to stand in no relation to the spot; in fact, iu 1879-80 the usual south equatorial belt was either wholly wanting or very faint. But in 1882 this belt came out again strong and clear, and pushed its southern edge out to and past the spot, but without touching or distorting it in any way. A patch was formed in the edge of the belt, leaving a clear, bright channel two or three seconds wide between the belt and spot, as if there were some mutual repulsion between them, the two being nearly of the same color, and apparently (but not, by any means cortainly) of the same constitu- tion and material. The less con- spicious belt south of the spot has not shown the same aversion to it; but in 1885, and again last spring, extended its filaments at times, so as to cover apparently about one third of the width of the spot. I say apparently, because no one really knows which was uppermost. It is natural to suppose that the red spot, which has shown such a degree of permanence and stabi- lity, is lower down than the cloudy forms which make up the belts; and such is the general, though not univer- sal, opinion among astronomers. But as to the real nature of the spot, we have no satisfactory explanation, and speculation is baffled. A continent emerging, a floating island on an ocean, lava poured out over a region exceed- ing the earth's whole area, smoke and steam from some long-continued erup- tion, such are some of the different hy- potheses that have been suggested. But the low density of the planet (low in spite of its enormous mass) almost forces us to think of it as only a cloud formation of some kind. How long the spot will continue visible no one can tell; in 1882 it began to fade, and fad- ed still more in 1883 and 1884. In 1886 it seemed to be on the verge of extinction; the central portion had either lost all its color; or was veiled by a whitish cloud ; so that, though un- diminished in size, it was only a narrow pinkish ring—a mere skeleton- ghost of its former self. Last spring, however, the veiling cloud was gone, and the spot was rather more distinct—certain- ly as easy to see as in 1884." 