^musewntsr ! GUETCLG LITERARY ASSOCIATION. — The > dosing entertainment of the session was i liven in£t. Peter's Leeture Hall, Gleaelg, on Monday-evening. There ms a large attes- •lanoe, aad the President tMr- EL D. Gell) presided. An excellent pEOgramtne had been arranged. MM. Wylde and Miss Hitcheax contributed <£he overture " Jiadiense" (Gotteohalck), and wero followed by Mr. W. F. C. "Hillary, who s&aj; " My Queen." -Mr. Hilliry.also gave " Close to the Ubreshold" successfully. Mrs. J. G. Jenkins brought down the house with her exquisite rendering of the Scotch ballad, "Caller Herricg," and recponding to tke encore eang Kiilarney." Later on sLe gave " It was within, a mile o' Edinboro' Towa.' Mr. A. R. Muxntne played tv/o violin solos, and for the last, a weil-kncwn Scotch air, received -a recall. Mr. \V. G. Cooper sang "Sunshine and Rain," and Mr, J. H. Cambridge effectively rendered "Anchored." 'Mr. J. G. Jenkins, M.P. recited "The ^Lightning-Rod Dispenser,' .and was loudly applauded-for his efforts. ' The spec&l;'IeatuEsof the entertainment wag is. dramatic ^representation, of scenes L 1L scad V., act from " Hamlet." The pari of glamlet was allotted to Mr. J. Tassie iJIoratao, to Mr. "iVv . Storrie. Marcellus, •tc Mr. W. G. Cooper; Bernardo, to Mr. A jPowell; asfi -toe ghost -of Hamlet's father, to Mr. JR. C. Castle, jun. The <excelleut way an which the amateurs treated ttbe piece stewed that It bad been well arehoarsed. Messrs. Tassie and Storrie were especially qualified vto take their respective characters, and showed the 1 ? abilities as elocutionists cmd their histrionic ;power in the familiar Scene IV., where the ghost appears to Haailet. The President gave a bnef . iiistory of the •Association, mentioning that it was now in its thirteenth year. The past year's work was one of its best records. EHTEBTAISMESI IK..AID OF THS Cl&tOREN;'s Hofipratiu—On Monday, October 31, the Wisanger (Kangaroo Icland) Baud of Hope gave an entertainment ia aid of the Children's Hospital. The President (Mr. John Turner) preceded-o ver a lar^e meeting, some of those present having come freni tjueenscliife and Cygnet River. A £rogirc.mme of son^e and recitations, supplemented by some of the visitons, w&s; ably rendered by the members, asd a short address wae delivered by Ur. Longmere. Tea, co§3e, and refreshment) were provided by several lady residents. Upon the finish of tc*e programme the remaining refreshments spere.aold by auction by the Pxeridect, who stated that th8 proceeds amounted to £2 Si SJd. DRUIDIBM.—A largely attended meeting of the members of .tte United Ancient Order of Braids was held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel on Mo&day;^evening for ike purpose of unfurling the .new banner of the Order and completing the arrangements for the repreeeatation of the Order in the procession. The Grand President (Dr. R^esJ occupied the chair. The meeting was of a very enthusiastic character and great interest was evinced by the members in the coming demonstration. A vote of thanks was passed to Brother Ashton ic recognition of the artistic manner in whidh the baneer had been jyainted. 