Bops' Colunia; ' The Ghost. About the year. 1850 I was on ono of our English India ships bonnd from Boston , to Calcutta. Wo arrived off tbo Capo of Good Hope with fair wentber to that point, but every one wns on the lookont now for a blow from somo quarter. iiio pervious ovomng one or tne looxouts during the mldwntch hnd insisted ho had "seen tlio Flying Dutchman, nnd ovory one knows that whon that. is tho case a blow or 'bad wontber in somo sbapo is suro to como. And come it did with a vengeance, for tho very next night tho wind died down to a calm, tbon suddenly jumped out from the nor'west butt-end first. . Six of the old tars went tumbling up tho wcathor main rigging, and wcro urged on bv tho gruff voice of the second mate, n thorough old sen-dog, who sang out, "Come, boar 'a hand there, you lubbers, and get on dock again 1" And on dock thoy wero againsooner thnn ho or the men expected ; for jnst as thoy showed their heads over tho "top "a deep sepulchral voice called out, "Blows hard, Jack I" They were staggered, nnd for an in stant hesitated, when ngnln.tho fearful voico repeated, "Blows hard, Jack I" That was onough; their superstitious fears, ovcrcamo them, and they did not stop till tbo deck was reached. Ily this timo tho Captain and mate wore on. deck, nnd wero astonished to sco sixraf tho best men on tho ship como tumbling down, while tho unin-top-gnllantsnil nnd royal wcro slatting in tho buntlincs as though they would blow away at every (lap. "What's tlio matter? Why didn't you fori those sails 7" said the Captain. " Matter enough," said an old salt. " You don't get me in that main-top to- night. I wouldn't givo much for nnyono who goes up, cither, for I not only saw tho ghost, or what ever it Is, but heard him talk." v This was too much forthe old skipper. Tbo idea of losing nil his sails because there was a ghost In tho main-top was too much for.ldm, so ho called for volunteers, nnd started'up the rigging, followed by his two mates only. Not another man would go. Thoso who had been up had seen and heard enough, and those who hadn't did not care to risk it. - Well, the old skipperand his mates fared no better than the mcD, for hardly had their heads ranched over tho " top rini " than, in the same awful, blood-curdiing tones, enmo to their ears the words, '-Blows hard. Jack 1" nnd tlicre, right in the "dnblins" of the mast, tbc Captain caught eight of two glar ing eyes, and a long white arm reached down ns if to clutch him, nnd down tlicy nil Bc-am- pored to tbo dcckns fast as their legs would take them. About daylight tbcstcwnrd discovered that a pet parrot belonging to the skipper had es caped from his cage, nnd wns gone, probably blown overboard nnd lost in the gale, l'olly had, however, by bard work, mnnnged to alight in the main-top, where sbo hnd stowed herself in the " dnblins" of the ranst, anil wns holding on for dear iifo until she was rescued in the morning. . - ' 1 55 The mnin-top-ghllnnt studding sail was Intbcd in tbc wentber top. mast rigging, and the clow had blown adrift, nnd happened to flop down nt the Captain as he went over the " top" in the black darkness, nnd so was easily magnified into n gboslly nnn, and Folly into the frightful ghost. 