CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. The weather was beautiful yesterday morning for work, but owing to Sale rncea taking place there was on>y a moderate attendance on tho coorae. Work com menced shortly before 6 o'clock, Leek being the flint to take posiOMion of tbe tan: ho started by sending Kenneth .ong useful woik. Bcckwlth, with a light weight up, ran a useful round, the boy having a good hold of bun. Master John strode along on the tan. Miss Parneil cantered, Connolly's jumpers, Lndy Ash- ton, who worked alone. Banker and Nabockllsh were extended over 3 milts on the tan. Collins sent New- master, with 11 .hood on, long useful work on the tan. Thompson had Pbton, Gipsy's Wanting and Faugh-a batlah trotting and cantering on tne tan, the tlrat named winding np by brushing along for a round at half pace. King's pair, Fusee and Reticent, cantered. Keld's team nil trotted and cantered on the stud anu tan on Tuesday. Bar (me and Uibologut ran a sharp four fnrlongs. Ilot Iron beat Grace Darling ov- r a round on the grass. Ihe Ghost was led on tbe tan. Marlborough and Kitty Fisher ran four furlongs. King of (he West and Jim Csln also covered a round on the grass at n good working gallop this morning. The former waa given a pipe-opener on tile tan. Jack and Little John traversed three rounds on the tan. im proving tho pato each round. Others of this string were do.ng halfjuic exercise on the sand. Carter sent Ambassadress a spin over fivo furlongs on tbe grass, while Sydney went half pace exercise on the tan. F&vo; moveA along gently. Davis's pair, Dargo and David put in aconplo of tarns on tho ton at a good sharp cauter. Foolsham bad a long string out, viz.. Silver- mine and Gentility, who, after putting in some place exercise strode along for three or four furlongs. Tho former went a bit short. Lady Loveil and Abydos trotted on the sand. Kobal went three or four inRd turns on tbo tan. Rosewood, Marmion, Bonnie Doon ana Chlcano were all moving along on the tan. Harper's Carnival, who seemed fresh nnd well, brushed along over a mile on the tan. Julian Gray, Nectarine, Uncas aud a jumper, by Bont- mun, all worked on the tau at Intervals, Kelly's team, Including the new arrival. Loid Cochrane, who Is avery nice looking horse, trotted and cantered. Bcnce hau Berklpy. First Fop, Cadland, Gildy and the Liberator colt cantering and spurting at intervals. Miss MarkJe ran a fair round on tbe tan. Butty. Hazard, Stock- roan and the bay horse not named were moving along on the tan. Campbell's lot : Agnes strode along for 4 or 5 furlongs ; BlonUln, Lord Alien and others of hts team were given their usual routine of healthy exercise. 