\w : ?iiwuiw i The Provinces, «*. ^<MTespondpiit^"; ''^Maryborough*'!: .. ,1: fc'ti-.)' rtiii.' . ? ' :" Maroi 22. .. IV TUB iUBprnian . Sopioty's eporta. cm, St. ^ratnoksDay, despite the wot: weathory: wbro and.Wero on tho :wl>olo Bttc >eearfoli notwithstanding too availing damp: <Thore were, not;for ahort: of . 2,000 . people ' present, # toei; members of the sooiety being ^trnguiehoa by the " ?wearing',of the screen." 1;Tho Orangemen hero-aro talking of asking tho . Government to proclaim the 12th of July as a ^hoHday oTcr tho coloiiy, as they ^imagine that y^low will afford as muoh amusement aa &een;: :? . s~ ? . The Ilooa Relief Committee mot last night, . andconafdered the' applications seiit in-22 in ; tittmher^-from sufferers by the flobd. Seven of 7&to;'weregrantearelief in seed, small advances ; of cash,' and the remainder referred to anlnvesti - gation Committee, as there was some doubt ;;-whetoer toey.woro in distress or not, though .; heavy losers. A resolution was come to thai ; the; Central Committee be asked to allow the ,; Maryborough Committee to lend small sums to , the farmers, the great majority of whom aro totally adverse to accepting charity. To do this, however, would require a much, larger : amount *of funds than is available, .and would ;;ruh away with expense in carrying out the scheme. It was stated that the* total amount ; 'collected in Maryborough amounts to £600. .^ Another Maryborough vessel engulfed in the raging deep, the eeoond within a few weeks. The Sibyl was a splendid little schooner, and xnado smart trips to tho islands. Her captain ' about 30 of tho recruits arrived In Mary borough to-day from Sydney. Tho owners, Messrs. Southerden and Christoe, were not ensured, and, . of course, have lost their : .anticipated profits from her last trip. The Municipal Council have decided to transform tho Customs jetty into a wharf, so as ' to pennit of large vessels berthing there. It is at : present leased by Messrs. John "Walker and Co., their own wharf being fully occupied in ? berthing the A.U.S.N, and Q.S.S. steamers. ,..shipEastminster, with 250 immigrants, arrived in'the bay on Saturday, and tho new arrivals were' landed in town yesterday. She . has'-nwdo a good passage' of 03 days from . Plymouth.- The new arrivals have been well . 'selected, the 'agricultural labourers being fine, : strong^men. .Considering tho "weather, they are going off well. Another batch of immi grants arrived to-day by tho steamer Bulimba, from London. 'A very old resident, wife of Mr. John Eaton, of ^Teebar, died on Sunday last. Sho was 73 years of age, and had resided over 30 yeiirs in the district, having come here from New South . Wales,- of which she-was a native. 'Not many i honrs afterwards her son, Mr. W. Eaton, aged 39, died suddenly from apoploxy. Thero is a large family of daughters, but Mr. William ; was too.only con.: ? . A young fellow, J. H. Kcan, a commission . agent, jumped^out of tho window of his office /in BazaarstreeTlast week, a height of about 20 , feetL. Ho had. .been, drinking, and scarcely knew, what he was about at the time. Singu larly onough, hp sustained no injury beyond a scratch or two on his face. Ho has been sent to the. Reception-house for a fortnight, where : ho will bo able to form good resolutions for tho .future. ? - _The new hospital buildings are not yet occu 'piedjl'but are being furnished by the committeo : with 'too latest equipments in hospital furniture. Tho " flitting " from the old to the new insti gation takes place next: month, and will bo . marked iby..some ceremony. Part of tho old . building will be left as a town dispensary, the new hospital being iully two miles from too . centro'qf: tho town, and will be connected by telephone. ? . . .r Tho now Isis Divisional! Board, a split-off , from,toe.Burrum .Board, held their iii*f»t meet ing, last week.. Messrs. W. Williams, D. P. White,. T., J. Watkins, H. Morgan, George Barker, and Ilcnry Smith, were the six circled. Two of them, Messrs. Watkins and .AVhite, were members of tho Burrum Board. Mr." W^tkinn was elected ehsurmsui. . Mr; Tutley, too engineer of the newly-formed Maryborough-Bumim Coal Prospecting Com pany, has. just'sent in his rcportoiithe area 'leased hy the ^company. . The report is a mo>t :f&vourabl6; oho, and a good qiiality. of' shipping' "coal iH looked for.1 'Tenders have been Ciillplt for'making bores, astho services'bf the'diamond i drill,- now. empl6yed; at 'thio Jsisj cannot' bo ob-. j .. tainedat present.; ..Two .oUier compauies aio I . also, formed for;, prospecting-in; adjoiniug .i;iureas.-, . ....... j ..A suggestion, lias been .hiado;heroi;th;it tho : \- jubileo year bo taken advantage of to clear off ! > aU unpaid dobts contracted during;tho;laat 50 .years.!,,Should this bo carried out, many of our .leading citizens would;have. to bleed pretty ? . freely... . . | .... TheRiflo Volimteer Corps here, which lias been in a decaying conditiou for many, months, has at last given up the ghost; The, former officers1 resignations were"accepted, and'as ho officers have been gazetted since,"consequently tho' company was destitute of commanders. Most of tho men intend joining tho Scottish Corps. There is also nomo talk' of -raising an Irish Voluuteer Corps hero. ? 