Me Pearson will best serve the cause of national education by withdrawing his Amending bill. Not that there is no demand for amendment, but because the Amending bill proposes a maximum of disturbance with a minimum of practi cally useful results. The bill gives no relief or amendment where it is, per haps, most wanted, and where reform is attempted it is either gone about in the wrong way or beset with offen sive and impracticable' conditions. Mr Brodribb’s report on the school sys tem of New South Wales is conclusive evidence of the superiority of that system over our own, more particu larly as to the net average result, and it might have been expected that, with this valuable testimony in their hands, the framers of the Amending bill would have incorporated in it some of the modifications which are suggested by Inspector Brodribb’s excellent report. Mr Pearson is unable to question Mr Brodribb’s facts, or to impugn the justice of his conclusions, but instead of adopting these, he takes refuge in the impotent device of waiting for further information. We need not discuss the question of whether the second reading of Mr Pearson’s bill was gained by stratagem or no. It is enough -that lion, members feel that the discussion upon that second reading was wholly inadequate, and the county will approve of their deter mination to strain the forms of the House rather than let a measure so important slip through too easily. The debate on Wednesday evening shows that the feeling of the House is de cidedly against the bill in its present form, and we take the liberty of assuring Mr Pearson that the feeling of the country is for once accu rately reflected in the House. It is hardly possible that the many radi cal amendments which will surely be insisted on, could be debated aud agreed to in this session, and if, after an indefinitely protracted series of debates, a compromise were at length arrived at, it would satisfy neither Mr Pearson, nor the House, nor the country. Under ' the circum stances, to insist upon keeping the bill upon the business paper would only be a waste of time. The main purpose of the framers of this Amending bill seems to have been to compel what are termed the middle classes of the colony, or those able and willing to pay for the edu cation of their children,' to do so. Neglected children are pro vided for in another enactment, and there is no pretence that the provisions of our Educational laws do not fully include the children of the deserving poor. But Mr Pearson seems to have been possessed with the notion that in some few cases private schools are made the means of evading the real requirements of the Act, and that children are entered upon the rolls and paid for merely to render them inde pendent of the truant inspector. But it has never been shown, even if such truancy exists at all, that the evil was of such magnitude as to justify the re construction of our educational system; and of all the means which could be devised for remedying such an evil those selected by Mr Peakson are perhaps the most unfortunate and offensive to a free people. This proposition by it self is proof that it is unsafe "to trust Mr Pearson with the task of modify ing or altering our educational laws, and is abundant justification for the rejection of the bill.. Our own position with reference to the question of re ligious teaching is well known. We hold that the State school teacher should not be singled out for a dis ability which does not attach to any other civil servant, or to any ordinary member of the community. It is mere trifling to pretend that a permission given by the law to do certain things will be construed by the teachers as a command that these tilings shall be 1 done. A teacher who has fulfilled his duty do the State should have the. liberty which every other man has of; occupying his leisure time in religious; teaching if it so pleases him. And we do not see the equity or prudence a regulation which permits a teacl*er to deliver an address on morality in the next parish, but refuses a similar permission with regal'd to his own. Another reason for withdrawing the Amending bill is that fuller considera tion should be given to the constitution and powerof boards of ad vice. Underthe present regulations the position of mem bers is not a popular one, and is not sought after by those best qualified to fill it to advantage. The elections, for the most part, are a farce, very few parents or electors taking any interest whatever in them. This arises from the limited powers accorded to the boards, and the little attention given to their advice, even when they have the temerity to offer any. This is a most unfortunate state of things which works badly for our educational system,, and ought to be rectified by en dowing the boards with more power and authority. Let the de partment divest itself of a little of its autocracy, and let the people hare more of local government in the management of the schools, as well as in the direction of their local concerns. A contemporarysuggests that municipal councils should act as Boards of Advice, and the suggestion is a good one, as candidates have to appear every year before the electors, when any proposal or grievance would be ventilated. Then all the meetings of municipal councils are public, and as the business of the schools, came to be dealt with from timetotirne, the parents, through the press, would be kept well informed of all that was going on. Mr Pearson may accept the warning which is conveyed by the fact that the best independent talent in the House is clearly against his bill. Mr Patter son, Mr Andrews, Mr Anderson, and our representative, Mr Vale, took strong objection to the leading features of the bill, and expressed these objec tions in temperate but convincing terms, the effect of which ought to tell when critical divisions arrive; and Mr Wiieeler, who only commenced his address when progress was reported, declared himself on the side of the opponents of the measure. It is a case where, so far as Mr Pearson is concerned, discretion will prove the better part of valor. If the bill be withdrawn, we may get another on the better and broader lines, and the de bate now proceeding may help to indi cate those lines. If the bill be per sisted with, the best that can be expected is a feeble compromise which will redress no existing evils, but, on the contrary, will introduce new ones. Tiie jury in the inquest on the death of Miss Laura Swain have come to the only conclusion which the evidence could justify. In effect their verdict is “Found drowned.” Setting aside the testimony of the man Moore, who was in her company immediately before the catastrophe, there is absolutely no evidence to show how the poor girl got into the water. Naturally the police, after their first and culpable negli gence, were extremely desirous of getting evidence as to the exact why and wherefore of the fatal plunge, and whether it was volun tary or otherwise, aud their anxiety in this direction loaded the case with a quantity of useless testi mony, some of which might well have been omitted. And there is no doubt that, apart from idle or prurient curi osity, there was a very strong general feeling that no pains should be spared to arrive, if possible, .at the nature of the hist interview between what was believed the faithless lover and the betrayed woman. Moore’s cowardice, if it were nothing worse than cowar dice, raised such a feeling of indignation and disgust that any evidence implicat ing him in a graver charge would have been received with almost popular satisfaction. The jury reflect severely upon Warder Flynn as well as upon the man who ought to have been Miss Swain’s protector at the risk of his own life. It is true that Flynn’s action was not heroic, but we arc at liberty to suppose that had he been alone on the bank of the river with a drowning woman floating past, he would have obeyed a natural im pulse to at least try and save her. He thought there was some thing suspicious about it, and no wonder. There was every cause for suspicion when a strong man in the prime of life, a sailor and a swimmer, would not jump into the stream to save his sweetheart from drowning. Some men would call it even a lighter crime to throw a girl into a river in perhaps a fit of frenzied passion, than to stand on the brink and never stretch a hand to save her. For there are forms of cowardice more revolting than ordi nary crime. We do not join in the unmeasured reproaches upon Warder Flynn, 'nor with much of what has been said about the unnecessary length of the enquiry. The tragedy was in itself so strange that all concerned in clearing it up were reluctant to believe that no clue to the immediate cause of it could be found, just as people who seek something which they are greatly desirous of finding, will often look • in the same places again and again with a vague impression that while the search is proceeding all hope is not lost. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch arrived in Ballarat last night by the Adelaide special train, and put up at Craig’s lioyal hotel, which was illuminated in honor of the visit. To-day the vice-regal party will proceed to the Midas claim at the invi tation of the directors, and will leave agaiu for Melbourne by a special train in the after noon. We regret to hear that Miss Smith, daughter of Mr Smith, the well-known con tractor, of Eureka street, Ballarat East, who was the victim of the pranks of an individual who was playing “ ghost ” on Friday night last, is seriously ill, aud that her condition is cp using considerable alarm among her friends. Prior to receiving the fright, Miss Smith, who is 19 years of age, was a strong, healthy girl, full of life and vigor, but since the scare a great change has come over her, as she is subject to fits at intervals, and her sleep is disturbed by visions which cause her to scream and terrify her relatives. On Wednesday night the uufortuuate young woman took two fits, and in the interval her gesticulations are described as painful to behold. Mr Smith has reported the matter to the police, and constables have been told otf to make enquiries, which it is hoped may lead to the arrest of the person who, it is thought, has caused all the trouble. From what the pelice can learn, it appears that the individual who sustained the part of the ghost had his face blacked, while his hands were covered with flour or other white powder. He was attired in a robe of 'light color. . Miss Smith was walk ing along Eureka street in company with her sister, when she encountered the •supposed apparition, which approached on tip-toe, with mouth, wide open.- The, terrified girls screamed on observing the figure, and their cries brought to their assistance two young men, who escorted them home. On entering the house Miss Smith fell prostrate in a fit. . Dr Low, who is in attendance on the patient, says that the case is serious. • Com plaint has been made during the past few weeks of this ghost business. At Soldiers Hill a number of women and girls have been followed by an individual clothed in white robes, while in the neighborhood of the Eastern Oval both men aud women have been alarmed by a supposed vision sud denly appearing on their path. A city Isadesmau, of Armstrong street, met “ his ghostship ” at the top of Wills street at midnight not long ago, but, unlike others, he stood his ground, and charged with an ear nestness and determination that would have reflected credit on one of the “ Six Hundred.” According to Mr Martin Hosking, the Town Missionary, other per sons beside Miss Smith have suffered through the “ghost” fun lately indulged in in this district. Speaking at the meeting of the Women’s Prayer Union yesterday, Mr Hosking stated that a few weeks ago three "iris were returning at night from a tem per ance meeting, when they were confronted by a figure clothed in crape. The girls were so terribly startled that one of them has sinte been subject to epileptic fits, while another has gone quite out of her mind. It is a pity, said Mr Hosking, that those who indulge in such disgraceful anil dangerous pranks do not meet the reception they de serve. A meeting of citizens was called for last evening at Forster’s George hotel, for the purpose of urging upon the Railway Com missioners the advisability of purchasing the site of the Presbyterian manse, Soldiers .Kill, for railway purposes. The meeting wiis adjourned until Monday, at the City' Hall. The Hon. J. L. Dow, Minister of Lands, will arrive in Ballarat to-day', aud will be the guest of Cr Cooke. In the he we will deliver a lecture under the auspices of the South street Debating Society, iu the new hall, Skipson street; the admission to front seats will be Is, aud back seats Gd. Our Melbourne correspondent last night w ired:—‘' The Hon. Thos. Henty, member of the Legislative Council, died to- day.” A number of improvements are being made at the Miners’ Racecourse. On the recom mendation of Mr George Smith, the further planting of trees has been postponed until next May, owing to the lateness of the season. The committee have offers from Mr Smith, Mr R. U. Nicholls, and Mr Rennie of as many trees as will be needed to plant around the course. Some five bags of clover aud rye grass seed, presented by Mr W. Brazenor, have been sown, and is now coming up well. The new fence will probably be up in time for the meeting of the 9th No vember. A suggestion made by Mr Taylor, for the formation of a schooling ground for steeplechasers and hurdle-racers on the eastern side of the course has been left iu his hands to carry out. The necessary steps are being taken to bring into effect the affiliation of the School of Mines with the University’. The revised constitution provides for the nomination of six members of the council by the University’. A letter has been written to the registrar of the school asking him to name six gentlemen able aud willing to act. At the ordinary monthly’ meeting of the Ballarat Field Club aud Science Society, held on Wednesday’ evening, Mr F. M. Krause exhibited a series of microscopic sections of basalt from various Australian localities, as well as from certain typical localities of the old world. He drew atten tion, firstly, to the general scantiness of augite in the Australian basalts as compared with European species; and, secondly, to the fact that this paucity of augite and the correspoding abundance of triclinic felspar, was still more marked in the newer basalts of our Victorian goldfields than in the older volcanic rocks of South Gippslatid aud the dyke basalts of Western _ Victoria. This difference in mineral composition, he thought, was of economic importance, since it would servo in defining the age aud character of sub-basaltic fluvial “ leads ’ in the same way that fossils aid in the diagnosis of stratified rocks. The anniversary of the Burnbank street Primitive Methodist Church was held on Sunday and Monday last. A large number partook of tea on Monday evening, and the church was crowded. Afterwards the Revs. A. Madsen, W. Hunt, B. Webberley, and Messrs J. Pattie and W. C. Sebo gave addresses. Mr S. Lingham presided. The collections and donations amounted to over £24. Superintendent Palmer yesterday received word from the police at Ballan to the effect that a navvie engaged on the railway line between Bacchus Marsh and Ballan had re ported having been robbed of £14, and that the money had been recovered. No further particulars concerning the affair were furnished in the telegram. The balance- sheet presented to the adjourned annual meeting of subscribers to the Ballarat Fine Art Gallery last night, showed the funds of that institution to be in a flourishing state. The receipts for the year amounted to £2648 3s, and the expen diture to £1595 Ss 7d, leaving a balance to the good of £1052 14s sd. The assets (in cluding this balance) were shown to exceed the liabilities by £3529 13s sd, the latter being only £SO. The assets included the following items:—Oil paintings, £I43S 15s; water color paintings, £9S 4s; sundries, £2O; pictures assigned, £lOOO. It will thus be seen that there is in the gallery a very good nucleus of a valuable collection of paintings. The following thefts have been reported to the police:—Lady’s gold open-faced Geneva watch, and black’bead albert chain, from the person of Catherine Sullivan, at the Britannia hotel, Ballarat East. Broad plain band gold ring, set with a diamond; a gentleman’s silver hunting lever watch and gold curb pattern chain, with crytaliised stone pendant attached, from the person of Charles Jennens, in Ballarat. A silver hunting watch from the bar of Thomas Speei, hotelkeeper, Ballan; aud a bay pony mare from Bryan Toohey, a miner residing at Creswick. Two youngsters named \Y illiam Williams and Jacob Watson escaped from the Ballarat Oryhan Asylum a few days ago, and have not since been heard of. The numerous friends of Mr Richard Pearse, storekeeper, of Skipton street, will be sorry to hear of the death of his eldest son, William, which took place at noon yes terday at the early age of 25 years. The young man was a general favorite with his companions and the hope of his parents. The deceased was not of a robust constitution but it was not until within the last few months that his complaint became serious. The funeral takes place on Sunday next, the 25th inst. The fortnightly meeting of the Town Council takes place this evening. This evening at the Court hotel, Arm strong street, the Ballarat branch of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, &c.;, will hold their annual dinner. The tables will be laid at half-past 7 o’clock. A meeting was held in the Eyre street Primitive Methodist schoolroom, on last Friday evening, when the prizes won by the Ballarat schools, in connection with the recent Sunday school Union examination were distributed. While the examination was competitive, aud open to all schools of the denomination iu the colony and Tas mania, of the 10 prizes offered four came to Ballarat. The first prize was awarded to Miss Edith Hunt, and consisted of a superbly bound copy of the Oxford Teachers’ Bible. The Ballarat Model Brass Band, under the leadership of Mr T. E. Bulch, will give an open air instrumental concert this evening, on the balcony of the North Grant hotel, at a quarter to 8: —Overture, “Knight templar” (Round); grand march, “ The elephant” (T. E. Bulch); waltz, “ Mountain and glen” (Round); tongueiug polka, “The gumsucker” (T. E. Bulch); selection, “Gems from Weber” (I’. E. Bulch); contest march, “ The anti podes” (T. E. Bulch); waltz, “ Christabel" (Ciro Fasoli); gavotte, “ Clarissa” (Talbot); “God save the Queen” (Dr Bull).- On the block opposite, Mr Kortlang, draper aud clothier, will make his first show of spring novelties, with jubilee illuminations. There was a good muster at the usual parade of the 3rd Battalion last evening. Major Williams was in command. A brisk drill was gone through under Sergeant- Major Burrow in the manual and firing exercises. After parade, Major Williams continued his lecture on “Discipline Acts.” The members of the battalion who take part in the military concert . at the Orderly Room this evening had a full dress rehearsal, and the entertainment is ex pected to be one of the most novel and interesting, yet presented to a Ballarat audience'. The Orderly' Room has been tastefully decorated for the occasion. The band, and all taking part, are requested to muster at a quarter past 7 o’clock. “I ask,” said Mr Inspector Parkinson at the Town Court yesterday when prosecuting in the case of the burglars M'Donald and Sweeney, “ that the prisoners be further re manded for a week to appear at Hotham.” “ Why for a week?” enquired McDonald, “ we have beeu on remand for a week already.” “Yes,” quickly replied Inspector Parkinson, “ and are likely to be on remand for a good many more weeks.” This was a remark full of meaning. The adjourned annual meeting of sub scribers to the Ballarat Fine Art Gallery was held last night; Mr G. Perry in the ehair. There was a good attendance. The annual report, which reviewed the trans actions of the year at some length, was adopted and ordered to be printed. It was also decided to include in the report a recog nition of a gift of a silver trowel and £5 os from the architects, Messrs Tappin and Gil bert. The balance-sheet was also adopted, as was the auditors’ report, which was com plimentary to the secretary, Mr .T. A. Powell. The former showed that £436 lGs 5d had been received for the maintenance account, and £405 Is 7d expended. For the building fund £177 14s was received, and. £22S 3s had been expended over the founda tions. The picture purchase fund showed £2005 Gs to have been received, and £9G2 4s expended. The total amount of receipts was set down at £264S 3s, and the expenditure at £1595 Ss 7d, leaving a balance of £1052 17s 5d in the bank and the treasurer’s hands. The assets were stated at £3GO9 13s 5d (including the above balance), and the liabilities, for sundries, at £SO. The elections resulted as follows: —President, Mr Jas. Oddie, J.P. (re-elected); vice- presidents—Sir Win. Clarke, Bishops Thornton and Moore, and Messrs T. Stoddart and J. Shiels. Messrs S. Sim mons and J. Showman were elected in place of Messrs J. Holland (who has left the dis trict) and F. W. Niven (who desired to be relieved). The other retiring councillors were re-elected. Treasurer, Mr James Ware; honorary auditors, Messrs J. Spillman and F. C. Wainwiight (re- elected). A vote of thanks was passed to the auditors for performing their work without remuneration. A number of £25 debentures in connection with the erection of the new building were subscribed for in the room, and Messrs Morey, Wynne, Shiels, and Robson undertook to assist the secretary in a canvass*of the city and town. The secretary reported having received a number of promises to take up debentures, and, as it was thought that it was essential there should be no further delay in the erec tion of the building, the canvassers promised to commer.ce their work next week. The proceedings then terminated. The burglars M’Donald and Sweeney were brought before the Town Court yesterday, on remand, and, on the application of Mr Inspector Parkinson, were ordered to Mel bourne for trial at the Hotham court. They were charged with breaking into and steal ing from the dwelling of Mrs Maty Ann Durricott, of Hotham. Constable Egan, of Ballarat East, arrested the prisoners, who are notorious criminals. They have beeu convicted at Sydney, Adelaide, and Mel bourne. The quarterly meeting of the Men’s, Women’s, and Girls’ Prayer Union was held yesterday afternoon, at 3 o’clock, in the Phtenix Hall. The ltev. T. Scott-Millar occupied the chair. After devotional exer cises, which were conducted by the chair man, an interesting and practical address was given by Mr Martin Hoskiug on the subject of “ Washing Day.” The speaker took for his text Rev. vii., 14—“ These are they which have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the lamb.” The weekly meetings of the Women’s Pruver Union have been growing in interest under the presidency of Mrs Murray, whose earnestness aud devotion to the work cannot be too highly commended. The singing was under the able direction of Mrs Crompton. A man named John O’Brien, alias John Ryan, who was arrested a few days since by Detective-Sergeant Charles, will appear at the City Coin t to-day to answer four charges of obtaining money by means of valueless cheques. The following are the allegations against him:—lmposing on James M‘Kay, on the 12th inst., by means of a cheque for 10s, bearing the signatureof “Bernard M’Gowan”; imposing on Messrs A. M. Greenfield and Cos., on the 13th inst., by means of a cheque for £2, signed “Bridget Foley;” impos ing on Messrs J. Gray and Cos., on the 14th inst., by mfcans of a cheque for £2, signed “John Canny,” and on the same firm on the following day by means of a cheque for £3 17s, similarly signed. O’Brien wa3 on Monday last sentenced to 12 mouths’ imprisonment for imposing on Messrs Fitzgerald (Bros. in a similar manner, and remanded to the City Court to-day to answer to the charge of imposing on Messrs A. M. Greenfield and Cos. At the Gordon police court on Wednes day, James Bell, miner, was sentenced to nine months’ imprisonment for keeping a disorderly house. A woodcutter named Hurley was charged with brutally assaulting the aforesaid James Bell, and was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment. Hurley’s wife was sentenced to six months for having no lawful visible means of support. The members of the Soarsdale Musical Union (writes our Smythesdale correspon dent) have decided to give Mr G. W. Crisp, teacher of singing of the State schools, who has lately been appointed to Maryborough, a farewell social, in recognition of his valu able services as their leader. Mr Crisp has succeeded in winning for himself golden opinions during his long residence in this district, both as a private citizen and in his official capacity, and his departure to Mary borough will be much regretted by his nume rous friends. The annual general meeting of the Ballan Rifle Club (writes our local correspondent) was held in the new Mechanics’ Institute, on Wednesday evening, when there was a good attendance of the members. Mr W. E. White, one of the vice-piesidents, in the chair. The balance-sheet for the year end ing 31st August, and the suditors’ report were adopted. The total receipts amount to something over £55, and the expenditure to about £46, leaving a credit balance of £9 odd. The following olfice-bearers were re elected—President, Mr J. 0. Inglis; vice presidents, Messrs W. E. White aud M. Walsh: captain, Mr E. Blake, jun.; lion, secretary aud treasurer, Mr J. H. Walsh. The following committee was also elected— Messrs H. Blake, A. Farrow, T. Lahiff, L. Atkinson, W. Elliott, J. M. Walsh, aud W. F. Fowles. The rate of subscription was fixed at ss. Votes of thanks were passed to the retiring office-hearers, the auditors, the handicapper (Mr T. A. Dodds), ' and the Press, and a special and cordial vote of thanks to Dr Marr for the trophy value £2 2s, which he has presented to the club. There are now over 30 members on the roll. The Advocate hears that over 4000 tickets for the railway employees’ picnic, to be held in Daylesford on Saturday next, have been secured by residents in various parts of the colony, and all that is required to make the outing a great success is fine weather. A •triumphal arch is to be erected in Vincent street opposite the town hall, hearing the words “ Welcome to Daylesford.” Au Argus telegram says:—“lndignation is expressed at Christchurch at the remiss ness of the Adelaide authorities in per mitting the Rev. Mrßadelifle to leave for England. His debts are stated to amouutto £5OO. Dr Quick was successful with two bills in the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday evening. The first was to amend the County Court Statute by raising the jurisdiction from £250 to £5OO, and by' enabling suitors in cases of new trials being ordered on ap peal from a County Court before a judge of the Supreme. Court to have such new trial before a jury. The bill was passed through all its stages, as was also the bill to enable persons charged with offences under the Regulation of Mines Statute to give evi deuce ou their own behalf if they so de sired. The Minister of Education (says the Argus) has called the attention of the Minis ter of Defence to the serious shooting acci dent at Footscray, through the careless ure use of a Francotte rifle, belonging to a mem ber of a local cadet corps. Mr W. M. Clark, the member for the district, suggested in tl.e Legislative Assembly on Tuesday night that steps should be taken to put a stop to the indiscriminate use of cadets’ rifles, and that the lads ought not to be allowed to take away ball cartridge after practice at the ranees. The officers of the Defence Depart ment state that the regulations of the cadet corps provide that cadets are to be served with only as much ammunition as is requi site for eueh shooting practice. Enquiries are being made to ascertain.who is to blame for-ball cartridgebeing in the possession of the cadets. at their homes. It is said that ammunition for Fraucotte rifles is purchased by cadets in . the city. Instructions have been given for the strict enforcement of the regulations, with a view to prevent the oc currence of shooting accidents iu future. Mr Hall has introduced into the Legisla tive Assembly a short bill to authorise the issue ou auriferous lands of cultivation licenses, reserving full power to miue by owners of miners’ rights without compensa tion. It is proposed that these licenses shall be issued for one year only, and that no license shall authorise the occupation of more -than 20 acres by any one person. Annual licenses for grazing are also pro posed to be issued in the same manner. The provisions of the bill are made to apply only ■ to land on or beneath which no mining has taken place within three years, which is not over any known lead or reef containing gold, and is uot likely, therefore, to be im mediately required for mining purposes. At the same time it is provided that miners shall at all times have the right to prospect and miue ou lands so licensed without let or hindrance. It is claimed that the effect of the bill will be to utilise lands which are at present altogether unprofitable. There is likely (says the Telegraph) to be a considerable amount of opposition to the pro posal to give members of Parliament who have seen seven years’ service a free railway pass. The matter cropped up at the Foots cray Council on Wednesday night, and was vigorously denounced by Crs Drayton, W. Mitchell, and Macpherson. The latter moved that the Legislative Council be at once directed to throw out such a proposal, and advised that indignation meetings be held throughout the country in opposition to it. He maintained that what little a member of Parliament did do was mostly under pres sure, and that, like any other public servant who was dismissed, he was not entitled to further consideration when rejected by his constituency. The motion was carried. The Bourkc correspondent of the Argus says:—“The president and secretary of the Shearers’ Union, at Creswick, advertise, warning shearers not to believe the state ments made by the press prejudicial to the Amalgamated Shearers’ Union, as they are all incorrect. They also state that strong attempts are being made to sow dissentiou among the members, with the object of split ting up the union. This is not true as re gards this district, as it is apparent that those interested have taken uo notice of the union either one way or the other. It is proposed to form a drovers’ association, to include all four colonies.” Mr Hall has made himself notorious if not immortal. Punch, under a cartoon repre senting three old, seedy, political codgers, gives the following dialogue:—“lst M.L.A. —‘ It’s first-rate for me. I travel all day and all night and pick up my drinks (and a snack of something to eat) from travellers. Besides, I’ve always got my eye open for a stray parcel or umbrella. I can just manage to rub along nicely.’ 2nd M.L.A. —‘l make about two notes a week with the matchbox trick. I get into trains going to shows, aud pick up the yokels.’ 3rd M.L.A. —‘ Ah, cards is my dart. There’s always card parties going; and with what I know I always manage to make my tucker and drinks. I’ve got an old fur rug, and I make capital shake-down with the cushions.’” The Premier (writes the 7 elegraph) says there is no foundation for the agitation at Ballarat in regard to the repairs to railway carriages executed at Government workshops. Mr Gillies states that at present tenders are called for all large works involving the con struction of new vehicles, but repairs are done at the shops, as they always have been. To accede to the demands made at Ballarat would, he says, necessitate many carriages and engines being laid aside when at least parts of them can be profitably utilised. [Ballarat wants nothing so foolish aud waste ful. Mr Gillies evidently'misapprehends the object of the League.—l-D.] A gallant act of saving human life (say s the Telegraph) was performed by Mr Harold Kent, of the Victorian Railway’ Department, at Brighton, on Tuesday evening. Mr Kent was taking the air on the pier after his day’s work was over, when a boy named Master ton fell into the water. Mr Kent at once detached a lifebuoy on the pier, which he threw .to the boy. The latter, although securing it, was in some danger of losing his life owing to not knowing how to avail himself properly of its assistance, a rather choppy sea breaking over his head. There was another man on the pier, and Mr Kent asked him if he could swim. Receiving a negative answer, Mr Kent divested himself of his clothing and swam to the assistance of the boy'. The lad showed a disposition to catch hold of him, but after some per suasion, was induced to retain hold of the lifebuoy. The ebb tide, however, wafted the two a considerable distance out, and it was only after au exhausting struggle of about half an hour’s duration that Mr Kent succeeded in bringing the lad into shallow water, where they were dragged out by' a man named George Stewait. It is satisfac tory to learn that Mr Kent was yesterday’ none the worse for his prolonged immer mersion. From the report of the Drink Inquiry Commission of New South Wales laid before Parliament ou Tuesday, we learn they find, after comparing the consumption of drink in the different colonies, instead of the con sumption of drink increasing with the in crease of population it has decreased steadily year by year. The private bar question, as was graphically sketched by “ Flaneur” in our columns some months since, was dis covered by them to be the most dire disgrace to the city, and the only way to cope with this would be the adoption of the single bar principle. The commissioners cxpressly.statc they do not want to paint sensationally the evils accruing from the liquor traffic, but their investigations go to substantiate the fact that 90 per cent, of crime, or more, re sults from it. As remedial measures, the establishment of inebriate asylums is recom mended, to which drunkards should be sent for periods of from two months to three years. It is suggested that the existing law be amended so as to extend the franchise for any future local option voting to the Parlia mentary’ electors for the time being. Iu the city one liquor license should be allowed for SO electors, and thus the present number of licensees should be reduced from 500 to 400, while in the rest of the colony it should be one lic.euse for 100 electors. The question of Sunday closing was severely criticised, and the opening of hotels during limited hours recommended. The police evidence showed that out of 522 holders of publicans’ licenses only about 193 observed the law. The continued absence of Mr Wyatt, P.M., from the Nathalia Court is (says the Argus correspondent) felt as a public hard ship. This township has only' been visited twice this year by' a magistrate. Last court day there was a large number of cases set down for hearing, aud Mr Wyatt neglected to attend, although informed by the clerk of petty sessions at Nuinurkah that his at tendance was required. The clerk of petty sessions, Mr Bell, who visits here weekly, met with an accident through the state of the shire roads, whereby his buggy was badly broken. He walked three miles, and arrived two hours late. The most important cases had to be postponed for the police magis trate’s attendance. Some clients came 30 miles and will havo to come in again. The local justices had a meeting, and decided to request that a resident clerk of courts be appointed for Nathalia, and to make appli cation for the regular attendance of a police magistrate. 