f!€?i®K. Sbe : a History of Adventure. By H. Rider Haggard. (Author of 'King Solomon's Mines,' 'Dawn,' 'The Witch's Head,' &c;) Chapteb XV.— AYESHA GIVES JUDGMENT. The next thing that I remember was opening my eyes and perceiving the form of Joh, who had now practically recovered from his attack of fever. He was standing in the ray of light that pierced into the cave from the outer air, shaking out my clothes as a makeshift for brushing them, -which he could not do because there was no brush, and then folding them up neatly and laying them on the foot of the stone couch. Thie done, he got my travelling dressing-case out of the Gladstone bag, and opened it ready for my use. First, he stood it on the foot of the couch also, then, being afraid, 1 suppose, that I should kick it oft, he placed it on a leopard 6kin on the floor, and stood back a step or two to observe the effect. It was not satisfactory, bo he shut up the bag, turned it on end, and, having rested it against the foot of the couch, placed the dressing-case on it. Next, he looked at the pots full of water which con stituted our washing apparatus. 'Ah!' I heard him murmur, 'no hot water in this beastly place. I suppose these poor creatures only use it to boil each other in,' and ho sighed deeply. ' What is the matter, Joh ?' I said. 'Beg pardon, sir,' ho said, touching his hair. 'I thought you were asleep, sir; and I am sure you look as though you want it. One might think from the look of you that you had been having a night of it.' I only groaned by way of answer. I had, indeed, been having a night of it, such as I hope never to have again. *' How is Mr. Leo, Job ?' 'Much the same, sir. If he don't soon mend, he'll end, Gir; and that's all about it ; though I must say that that there savage, TJstane, do do her best for him almost like a baptised Christian. She is always hanging round and looking after him, and if I venture to interfere it's awful to seo her ; her hair seems to stand on end, and she curses and swears away in her heathen talk — at least I fancy she must be cursing from the Jook of her.' ' And what do you do then ?' 'I make her a polite bow, and I say, 'Young woman, your position is one that I don't quite understand, and can't recognise. Let me tell you that I have a duty to perform to my master as is incapacitated by illness, and that I am going to perform it until I am incapacitated too,' but she don't take no teed, not she — only curses and swears away worse than ever. Last night she put her hand under that soi I of nightshirt she wears and whips out a knife with a kind of a curl in the blade, so I whips out my revolver, and we walks rCund and round each other till at last she bursts out laughing. It isn't nice treatment for a Christian man to have to put up with from a savage, however hand some she may be, but it is what people must expect as is fools enough' (Job laid great emphasis on the 'fools') ' to come to such a place to look for things no man is meant to find. If s a judgment on us, sir — that's my opinion ; and I, for one, is of opinion that the judgment isn't half done yet, and when it is done we shall be done too, and just stop in these beastly caves with the ghosts and the. corpseses for once and all. And now, sir, I must be seeing about Mr. Leo's broth, if that wild cat will let me; and perhaps vou would like to get up, sir, because it's past 9 o'-clocK.'* Job's remarks were not of an exactly cheering order to a man who had passed such .a night as I had; and, what is more, they had the weight of truth. Taking one thing with another, it appeared to me to be an utter impossibility that we should escape from the place where we were. Sup posing that Leo recovered, and supposing that She would let us go, which was exceedingly doubtful, and that she did not 'blast' us in some moment of vexation, and that we were not hotpotted by the Amahagger, it would be quite impossible for us to find our way across the network of marsheB which, stretching for scores and scores of miles, formed a stronger and more impassable fortification round the various Amahagger households than any that could be built or designed by man. No, there was but one thing to do— face it out; and, speaking for my own part, I was so intensely interested in the whole weird story that, so far as I was concerned, notwithstanding the shattered state of my nerves, 1 asked nothing better, eren it my life paid forfeit to my curiosity. What man for whom physiology haB charms could forbear to stady such a character as that of this Ayesha when the opportunity of doing so presented itself ? The very terror of the pursuit added to its fascina tion, and besides, as I was forced to own to myself even now in the sober light of day, she 'herself had attractions that I could not forget. Not even, the dreadful sight which I had witnessed during the night could drive that folly from my mind ; and, alas ! that I should have to admit it,' it has not been driven thence to this hour. After I had dressed myself I passed into the eating or rather embalming chamber, and had some food, which was as before brought to me by the girl mutes. When I had finished I went and saw poor Leo, who was quite off his head, and did not even know me. I asked Ustane how she thought he was ; but she only shook her head and began to cry a little. Evidently her hopes were small; and I then and there made up my mind that, if it were in any way possible, I would get She to come and see him. Surely she would cure him. if she chose— at any rate she said she could. Whilst I was in the room Billak entered, and also shook his head. « He will die at night,' he said. 'God forbid; my father,' I answered, and tamed away with a heavy heart. ' She-who-must-be-obeyed commands thy presence, my Baboon,' said the old man as soon as we got to the curtain ; ' but, oh, my dear son, be more careful. Yesterday I made sure in my heart that She would blast thee when Ihou didst not crawl upon thy stomach before her. . She is sitting in the great hall to do justice upon those who would have smitten thee and the Lion. Come on, my son; come swiftly.' I turned, and followed him down the passage, and when we reached the great central cave, saw that many Amahagger, some robed and some merely clad in the sweet simplicity of a leopard skin, were hurrying up it. We mingled with the throng, and walked up the enormous, ' and, in deed, almost interminable, cave. All the way up it the walls were elaborately sculptured, and every 20 paces or so passages opened out of it at right angles leading, Billali told me, to tombs, hollowed in the rock by ' the people who were before.' Nobody visited those tombs now, he said; and I must say that my heart rejoiced when I thought of the opportunities of antiquarian research that opened out before me. . ., At last we 'came to the head of the cave, where there was a rock dais almost exactly similar to the one on which we had been so furiously attacked — a fact that proved to me that these dais must haye been used as altars, probably for the celebration of ? religious ceremonies, and more especially of rites connected .with the interment of the dead. On either side of this dais were passages leading, Billali informed me, to other caves full of dead bodies. ' In deed,' he added, 'the whole mountain is full of dead, and nearly all of them are perfect.' In front of the dais were gathered a great (number of people of both sexes, who stood staring about in their peculiar gloomy fashion, which would have reduced Mark Tapley himself to misery in about five minutes. On the dais was a rude chair of black wood inlaid with ivory, with a seat made of grass fibre, and a footstool formed of a wooden slab attached to the chair. Suddenly there was a cry of '* Hiya! Hiya!' ('She! She !') and thereupon the 'entire crowd instantly precipi tated itself upon the ground, and lay there as though it were individually and collectively stricken dead, leaving me standing up tike some solitary survivor of a massacre. As they did so a long string of guards began to defile from a passage to the left, and ranged themselves on either side of the dais. Then, follawed about a score of mala mutes. then as many women mutes boaring lamps, and then a tall white figure, swathed from head to foot, in whom I recog nised She herself. She mounted the dais and sat down upon the chair, and spoke to me in Greek, I suppose be cause she did not wish those present to understand what she said. ' Come hither, Holly,' 6he said, ' and sit at my feet, and see me do justice on those who would have 6lain thee. Forgive me if my Greek doth halt lite a lame man. It is so long since I have heard the sound of it that my tongue is stiff, and will not bend to the words.' I bowed, and, mounting the dais, sat down at her feet ' How didst thou sleep, my Holly ?' she asked. ' I slept not well, oh Ayesha!' I answered, with perfect truth, and with an inward fear that perhaps she knew how I had passed the heart of the night. ' So,' she said, with a little laugh, ' I, too, 'have not slept well. Last night I had dream?, and methinks that thou didst call them to me, oh Holly.' ' Of what didst thou dream, Ayesha P' I asked, in differently. ' I dreamed,' she answered, quickly, ' of one I hate and one I love,' and then, as though to turn the conversa tion, she addressed the captain of her guard in Arabic : ' Let the men be brought before me.' The captain bowed low, for the guard and her attend ant* did not prostrate themselves, but had remained stand ing, and departed with his underlings down a passage to the right. Then came a silence. She leant her swathed head upon her hand and appeared to be lost in thought, while the multitude before her continued to grovel .upon their stomachs, only screwing their heads round a little so as to get a view of us with one eye. It seemed that their Queen so rarely appeared in public that they were willing to undergo this inconvenience, and even graver risks, to have the opportunity of looking on her, or rather, on her garments, tor no living man there except myself had ever seen her face. At last we caught sight of the waving of lights, and heard ' the tramp of men coming along the pas sage, and in filed the guard and with them the survivors of our would-be murderers to the number of a score or more, on whose countenances the natural expression of sullenness struggled with the terror that evidently filled their savage hearts. They were ranged in front of the dais, and would have cast themselves down on the floor of the cave like the spectators, but She stopped them. 'Nay,' she said, in her softest voice, 'stand; ' I pray ye stand. Perchance the time will soon be when ye shall grow weary of being stretched out,' and she laughed melodiously. I saw a cringe of terror run along the rank of the poor doomed wrelches. and, wicked villains as they were, I felt sorry for them. Some minutes, perhaps two or three, passed before anything fresh occurred, during which She appeared from, the movement of her head — for, of course, we could not see her eyes— to be slowly and carefully examining each delinquent. At last she spoke, addressing herself to me in a quiet deliberate tone. ' Dost thou, oh my guest, who art known in thy country by the name of the Prickly Tree, recognise these men?' 'Ay, oh Queen, nearly all of them,' I said, and I saw them glower at me as I said it. ' Then tell me and this company the tale whereof I have heard.' Thus abjured, I, in as few words as I could, related tho history of the eannibal.feast, and,of the attempted torture of our poor servant. The narrative was received in perfect silence, both hv the accused and by the audience, and also by She herself. When I had done Ayesha called upon Billali by name, and, lifting his head from the ground, but without rising, the old man confirmed my story. ,N6 further evidence was taken. . . 'Ye have heard,' said She at length, in a cold clear voice, very different from her usual tones — indeed, it was one of the most rtmarkable things about this extraordinary creature that her voice had the power of suiting itself in a wonderful manner to the mood of the moment. ' What have ye to «ay, ye rebellious children, why vengeance should not be done upon yet'' For some time there was no answer, but at last one of the men — a fine, broad-chested fellow, well on in middle life, with deep-graven features and an eye like a hawk's — spoke, and said that the orders that they had received were not to harm the white men ; nothing was said of their black servant, so. egged on thereto by a woman who was now dead, they proceeded, to try to hot-pot him after the ancient and honourable custom of their country, with a view of eating him in due course. As for their attack upon ourselves it was made in an excess of sudden fury, and they deeply regretted it. He ended by humbly praying that mercy might be extended to them; or, at least, that they might be banished into' tho swamps, to live or die as it might chance ; but I saw on his face that he had but little hope of mercy. Then came'a pause, and the most intense silence reigned over the whole scene, which, illuminated as it was by the flickering lamps that struck out broad patterns of light and shadow upon the rocky walls, was as strange a one as I ever saw, even in that weird . land. Upon the ground before the dajs were stretched scores of forms of *he specta tors, till at List the long lines of them were lost in the gloomy background. Before the outstretched audience were the knots of evildoers, trying to cover up their natural, terrors with ' a brave appearance of unconcern. On the right and left were the guards, robed in white and armed with great spears fend daggers, and the men and women mutes watching with hard, curious eyes. Then, seated in her barbaric chair above them all, with myself at her feet, ' was the veiled white woman, whose loveliness and awesome power seemed to shine about her like a halo, or rather like the glow from some unseen light. Never have I seen her veiled shape look more terrible than it did in that space, while she gathered herself up as it were for vengeance. At last it came. ' Dog and serpents,' She began in a low voice that gradually gathered power as she went on, till the place rang with it. Eaters of human flesh, two things have ye done. First, ye have attacked these strangers, being whito men, and would have skin- their servant, and for that alone death is your reward. But that is not all. Ye have dared to disobey me. Did I not send my word unto ye by Billali, my servant, and the father of your household ? Did I not bid {ye to hospitably entertain these strangers, whom now ye have striven to slay, and whom, had not they been brave and strong beyond the strength of men, ye -would cruellv have murdered? Hath it not been taught to ye from childhood that the law of She is an ever fixed law, and that he who breaketb it by so much as one jot or tittle shall -perish P-jAnd is not my lightest word a law? Have not your fathers taught ye this, I say, whilst as yet ye were but children? Do ye not know that as well might ye bid these great caves to fall upon ye, or the sun to cease bis journeying, as to hope to turn me from my courses, or make my word light or heavy, according to your minds? Well do ye know it, ye Wicked Ones. But ye are all evil— evil to the core—the wickedness bubbles up in ye like a fountain in springtime. Were it not for . me, generations since had' ye ceased to be, for of your own evil way had ye destroyed each other. . And now because ye have done this thing, because ye have striven to put these men, my guests, to death, and yet more hecause ye have dared to* disobey my word, this is the doom that I doom ye to : That ye be token to the cave of torture^* and given over .to the torturers to wreak their will upon.ye, and that on the going down of to-morrow's sun, thope of ye who yet remain alive be skin by the hot pot, as ye would have slain the servant of this my guest' She ceased, and a {faint murmur of horror ran round the cave. As for tho victims, as soon as they realised the full bideousness of their doom, their stoicism forsook them, and they flung themselves down upon the ground and wept and implored for mercy in a way that was dreadful to be * ' The care of torture.' I afterwards saw this dreadful place, also a legacv from the prehistoric people who lirei in Kor. The only objects ' in the cave itself were slabs of rook arranged in Tartans positions to facilitate the operations of the torturers. Many of these slabs, which were of a porous stone, were stained quite dark with the blood of ancient victims that had soaked into them. Also in the centre of the room was a place for a furnace, with a cavity to heat the histDric pot in. But the most dreadful thing about the cave was that over each slab was a Bculotored illustration of the appropriate torture being ap died. These -sculptures were so awful that I will not harrow the reader by attenipting a description of them.— &. H. H. hold. I, too, turned to Ayesha, and begged her to spare them, or at least to mete out their fate in some less awful way. But she was as hard as adamant about it. 'My Holly,' she said, again speaking in Greek, wnich,;to tell the troth, although I have always been con sidered as good a scholar of the language as most, I found it rather difficult to follow, chiefly because of the change in the fall of the accent Ayesha, of course, talked with the accent of her contemporaries, whereas we have only tradi tion and the modern accent to guide us as to the exact pro nunciation ; ' my Holly, it cannot be. Were I to show mercy to those wolves your lives would not be save among this people for a day. Thou knowest them not. They are tigers to hip blood, and even now they hunger after your liles. How thinkst thou that I rule this people ? I have but a regiment of guards to do my bidding, therefore it is not by force. It is by terror. My empire is a moral one. Once in a generation mayhap I do as I am doing now, and slay a score by torture. Believe not that I would be cruel or take vengeance on anything so low. What can it profit me to be avenged on such as these? Those who live long, my Holly, have no passions, save where they have interests. Though I may seem to slay in wrath, or because my mood is crossed, it is not so. Thou bast seen how in the heavens the little clonds blow this way and that without a cause, yet behind them is the great wind sweeping on its path whither it listeth. So it is with me, oh Holly. My moods and changes are the little clouds, and fitfully these seem to turn ; but behind them ever blows the great wind of my wise purpose. Nay, the men must die, and die as I have said.' Then, suddenly turning to the captain of the guard, ' My word is spoken; let my doom be done.' Chapter XVI.— THE TOMBS OF KOR. After the prisoners had been removed, Ayesha waved her hand, and the spectators turned round, and began to crawl off down the cave like a scattered flock of sheep. When they got a fair distance from tho dais, however, they rose and walked away, 'leaving the Queen and myself alone, with tho exception of the mutes and a few guards, most of the latter having departed with the doomed men. Think ing this a good opportunity, I asked She to come and see Leo, telling her of his serious condition ; but she would not, saying that he certainly would not die before the night, as people never died of that sort of fever except at nightfall or dawn. Also, she said that it would be better to let the fever spend its course as much as possible before 6he cured it. Accordingly, I was rising to leave, when she bade me follow her, as she would talk with me, and show me the wonders of the caves. I was too much involved in the web of her fatal fascina tions to say her no, even if I had wished to, which I did not. She rose from her chair, and, making some signs to the mutes, descended from the dais. Thereon four of the girls took lamps, and ranged themselves two in front and two behind us, but the others went away. ' Now,' she said, ' wouldst thou see some of the wonders of this place, oh Holly ? Look upon this great cave. Saw ye ever the like ? Yet was it, and many more like it, hollowed by the hands of the dead race that once lived here in the city on the plain. A great and a wonderful people must they have been, these men of Kor ; but, like the Egyptians, they thought more of the dead than the living. How many men, think ye, working for how many years, did it require to hollow outthis cave and all the galleries thereof ?» ' Tens of thousands,' i answered. ' So, oh Holly. This people was an old people before the Egyptians were. A little can I read of their inscrip tions, having found the key thereto ; and, see here, this was one of the last of the caves that they dug,' and turning to the rock behind her she motioned the mutes to hold up the lamps. Carved over the dais was the figure of an old man seated in a chair, with an ivory rod in his hand. It struck me that his features were exceedingly like those of the man who was represented as being embalmed in the chamber where we- took our meals.- Beneath the chair, which, by the way, was shaped exactly like the one in which Ayesha had sat to give judgment, was a short inscription in the extraordinary characters of- which I have already spoken, but which I do not remember sufficient of to illustrate. It looked more like Chinese writing than any other that I am acquainted with. This inscription Ayesha proceeded, with some difficulty and hesitation, to read aloud and translate. It ran as follows : — 'In the year four thousand two hundred and fifty- nine from the founding of the city of imperial Kor was this cave (or burial place) completed by Tisno, King of Kor, the people thereof and their slaves having laboured thereat for three generations, to be a tomb for their citizens of rank who shall come after. May the blessing of the heaven above the heaven rest upon their work, and make the sleep of Tisno, the mighty monarch, the ' likeness of whose features is graven above, a sound and happy sleep till the day of awakening,* and also the sleep of his servants, and of those of his race who, rising, up after him,, shall yet lay their heads as low.' -..-. . ? .? .'.-'?:.:. . :. ' Thou seest, oh Holly, y shesaid, .-£' this- people founded the city of which the ruins yet cumber, the plain yondet 4000 years before this cave was finished^ Yet, when first I : saw it, 2000 years ago, was it even as it is now. Judge, therefore, how old must the place have been. -And now, follow thou me, and I will show thee after what fashion this great city fell when tho time was come for it to fall,' and she led the way down to the centre of the cave, and stopped at a spot where a round rock had been let into a spot of large man-hole in the flooring, accurately filling it, just as the iron plates fill the spaces in tho London pave ments down which the coals are thrown. ' Thpu seest,' she said. ' Tell mo, what is it ?' ' Nay, I know not,' I answered ; whereon she crossed to the left-hand side of the cave (looking towards the entrance) and bid the mutes hold up the lamps. On the wall some thing was -painted with a red pigment in similar characters to those hewn beneath the sculpture of Tisno, King of Kor. This she proceeded to translate to me, the pigment still being quite fresh enough to show the form of the letters. 'I, Junis, a priest of the Great Temple of Kor, write this upon the rock in the year four thousand eight hundred and three from the founding of Kor. Kor is fallen. No more shall the mighty feast in her halls, no more shall she rule the world, and her navies go out to commerce with the world. Kor is fallen, and her mighty works, and all the cities of Kor, and all the harbours that she built and the canals that she made, are for the wolf and the owl and the wild swan, and the barbarian who conies after. Twenty and five moons ago did a cloud settle upon Kor and the hundred cities of Kor, and out of the cloud came a pesti lence that slew her people, old and young, one with another, and spared not. One with another they turned black and died — the young and the old, the rich and the poor, the man and the woman, the prince and the slave. The pestilence slew and slew, and ceased not by day or by night, . and those who escaped from the pestilence were slain of the famine. No longer could the bodies of the children of Koi be preserved according to the ancient rites, because of the number of the dead, therefore were they hurled into the great pit beneath the cave through the hole in the cave. Then, at last, a remnant of this, the great people, the light of the whole world, went down to the coast and took ship, and sailed northwards ; and now am I, the priest Junis, who - write this, the last man left alive of this great city of men ; but whether there be any yet left in the other cities I know not This do I write in misery of heart before £ die, because Kor the Imperial is no more, and becaase there are none to worship in her temple, and all her palaces are empty, and her princes and her traders and her fair women have 'passed off the face of die earth.' I gave a sigh of astonishment, the utter desolation depicted in this rude scrawl was so overpowering. It was terrible to think of this solitary survivor of a mighty people recording its fate before he, too, went down into darkness. What must the old man have felt as, in ghastly terrifying Bolitude, by the light of one lamp feebly illumining a tittle space of gloom, he, in a few brief lines, daubed the hiBtory of his nation's death upon the cavern wall? What a subject for the moralist, or the painter, or indeed for anyone who can fliiTiir 'Doth it not occur to thee, oh, Holly,' said Ayesha, laying her hand upon my shoulder, 'that those men. who sailed north may have been the fathers of the first Egyptians?' « Nay, I know not,' I said ; ' it seems that the world is very old.' 'Old? Yes, it is old indeed. Time after time have ? This phrase le remarkable, as seeming to indicate a belief in a fntnre state.— Editor. nations, ay, and rich and strong nations, learned in all the fits, been, and passed away and been forgotten, so that no memory of them remains. This is but one of many; for Time eats up the works of man, unless, indeed, he digs in caves, like the people of Kor, and then mayhap the sea swallows them, or the earthquake shakes them in. Who knows what hath been on the earth, or what shall be F There is no new thing under the sun, as the wise Hebrew wrote long ago. Yet were not these people utterly destroyed, as I think. Some few remained in the other cities, * for their cities were many. But the barbarians, or perchance my people, the Arabs, came down upon them, and took their women to wife, and the race of the Amahagger that now is is a bastard brood of the mighty sons of Kor, and bohold it dwelleth in the tombs with its fathers' bones. But I know not ; who can know ? My arts cannot pierce so far into the blackness of Time's night. A great people were they. They conquered till none were left to conquer, and then they dwelt at ease within their rocky mountain walls, with their man-servants and their maid-Bervants, their minstrels, their sculptors, and their concubines, and traded and quarrelled, and ate and hunted, and slept and made msrry till their time come. But come, I will show thee the great hall beneath the cave whereof the writing speaks. Never shall thine eyes witness such another sight.' Accordingly I followed her on to a side passage opening out of the main cave, then down a great number of steps and along an underground shaft that cannot have been less than 60 feet beneath the surface of the rock, and was ventilated by curious borings that ran upward, I do not know where. Suddenly the passage ended, and she halted, and bid the mutes hold up the lamps, and I saw such a scene as she had prophesied I was not likely to see again. We were standing in an enormous pit, or rather on the edge of it, for it went down deeper — I don't know how much — than where we were, and was edged in with a low wall of rock. So far as I could judge, the pit was about the size of the Epace beneath the dome of St. Paul's, and when the lamps were held up I saw that it was nothing but one vast charnel-house, being literally full of thousands of human skeletons, which lay piled up in an enormous gleaming pyramid, formed by the slipping down of the bodies from the apex as fresh ones were dropped in from above. Any thing more appalling than this jumbled mass of the remains of a departed race I cannot imagine, and what made it even more dreadful was that in this dry air a good number of the bodies had simply become desiccated with the skin on them, and now, fixed in' every conceivable position, stared at one out of the heaps of white bones, grotesquely horrible caricatures of humanity. In my astonishment I made an ejaculation, and the echoes of my voice ringing in the vaulted place disturbed a skull that had been accurately balanced for many thousands of years near the apex of the pile. Down it came with a run, bounding along1 merrily towards us, and of course bringing an avalanche of other bones after it, till at last the whole place rattled with their movement, as though the skeletons were getting up to greet ub. 'Come,' I said, 'I have seen enough. These are the bodies of those who died of the great sickness, I suppose ?' I added, as we turned away. ' Yes. The people of Kor always embalmed their dead, like the Egyptians ; but their art is greater than the art of the Egyptians, because, whereas the Egyptians dis embowelled and drew the brain, the people of Kor injected fluid into the veins, and thus reached every part; bur, stay, thou shalt see,' and she halted at haphazard at one of the little doorways opening out of the passage along which we were walking, and motioned to the mutes to light us in. We entered into a little chamber similar to the one in which I had slept at our first stopping-place, only there were two stone benches or beds in it. On the benches lay figures covered with yellow linen,* on which a fine and impalpable dust had gathered in the course of ages, but nothing tike .to the extent that one would have anticipated, for in these deep-hewn caves there was no material to turn to dust. About the bodies on the stone shelves and floor of the tomb were ' many painted vases, but I saw very few ornaments in any of the vaults. ' Lift the cloth up, oh Holly,' she said, but though I put out my hand to do so I drew it back again. It seemed like sacrilege, and to speak the truth I was awed by the dread solemnity of the place and of the presences before us. Then with a little laugh at my fears she drew it herself, only ;to discover another and yet finer cloth lying over the forms upon the stone bench. This also she withdrew, and then for the first time for thousands of years did living eyes look upon the faces of those chilly dead. It was a woman ; she might have been 35 years of age, or perhaps a little less, and had certainly been beautiful. Even now her calm clear-cut features, marked out with delicate black eyebrows and long eyelashes that threw little lines of shadow from tho lamp upon the ivory face, were wonder fully beautiful. There robed in white, down which her blue-black hair was streaming, she slept her hist long sleep, and on her arm, its face pressed against her breast, thefetfty a little babe. So sweet was the sight, although so -awiful, that — I confess it without shame — I could ? scarcely withhold my tears. It took one backrficross the dim gulf of the ages to Eome happy home in dead Kor, where this winsome lady, girt about with beauty, had lived and died, and dying taken her last-born with her to the tomb. There they were, mother and babe, the white memories of a forgotten human history speaking more eloquently to the heart than could any written record of their lives. Reverently I replaced the grave-cloths, and with, a sigh that flowers so fair should, in the purpose of the Everlasting, have onjy bloomed to be gathered to the grave, I turned to the body on the opposite shelf and gently unveiled it. It was that of a man in advanced life, with a long grizzled beard, and also robed in white, probably the husband of the lady who, after surviving her many years, came at last to sleep once more for good and all beside her. We left the place and entered others. It would be too long to describe the many things I saw in them. Each one had its, occupants, for the 500 and odd years that had elapsed between the completion of the cave and the destruction of the race had evidently sufficed to fill these catacombs, numberless as they were, and each appeared to have been undisturbed since the day that they were laid there. I could fill a book with the description of them, but to de so would only be to repeat what I have said, with variations. Nearly all the bodies, so masterly was the art with which they had been treated, were as perfect as on the day ' of death thousands of years before. Nothing came to injuro them in the deep silence of the living rock; they were be yond the reach of heat and cold and damp, and the aromatic drugs with which they had been saturated were evidently practically everlasting in their effect. Here and - there, however, we saw an exception, and in these cases, although the flesh looked sound enough externally, if one - touched, it it fell in,- and revealed the fact that the figure was but a pile of dust. This arose, Ayesha told me, from these particular bodies having, either owing to haste in the burial or other causes, been soaked in the preservative,'}' instead of its being in jected into the substance of the flesh. About the last tomb we visited I must, however, say one word, for its contents . spoke even more eloquently to one's human sympathies . than thoso ot the first. It had but two occupants, and they lay together on a single shelf. I withdrew the grave cloths, and there, clasped heart to heart, were a young man and a blooming girl. . Her head rested on his arm, and his * AH the linen that the Amahagger wore was taken from the tombs, which accounted for its yellow hue. If it wat well washed, however, and properly bleached, it acquired its former snowy whiteness, and was the softest and best linen I ever saw.— L. H..H. \+ Ayesha afterwards showed me the tree from the leaves of which this ancient preservative vas manufactured. It is a low bush-like tree, that to this day grows in wonderful plenty upon the sides of the mountains, or rather upon the slopes leading up to the rocky walls. The leaves are long and narrow, a vivid green in colour, bnt turning a bright red in the autumn, and not unlike those of a laurel in general appearance. They hare no smell when green, but if boiled the aromatic odour from them is bo strong that one can hardly bear it The best mixture, however, was made from the roots, and among the people of Kor there was a law, which Ayesha showed me alluded to on some of the inscriptions, to the effect that under heavy penalties no one under a certain rank -was to bo embalmed -with the drugs pre pared from the roots. The object and effect of this was, of course, to preserve the trees from extermination. The sale of the leaves and roots ?bus a Government monopoly, and from it the Kings of Kor derived a large proportion of their private re venue.— I* H. H. lips were pressed against her brow. I opened the man's linen robe, and there over - his heart was a dagger wound, and beneath the girl's fair breast was a like cruel stab, through which her life had ebbed away. On the rock ab»ve -was an inscription in three words. Ayesha translated it. It was ' 'Wedded in Death.' What was the life-history of these two, who, of a truth, were beautiful in their lives, and in their death were not divided? 1 closed my eyelids, and imagination taking np the thread of thought shot its swift shuttle back across the ages, weaving a picture on their blackness so real and vivid in its detail that I could almsst for a moment think that I had triumphed o'er the Past, and that my spirif s eyes had pierced Time's mystery. I seemed to see this fair girl-form— the yellow hair streaming down her, glittering against her garments sn«wy white, and the bosom that was whiter than the robes, even dimming with its lustre her ornaments of bur nished gold. I seemed to see the great cave filled with warriors, bearded and clad in mail, and, on the lighted dais where Ayesha had given judgment, a man standing robed and surrounded by the symbols of his priestly office. And up the cave there came one clad in purple, and before hitn and behind him came minstrels and fair maidens, chanting a wedding song. White stood the maid against the altar, fairer than the fairest there, purer than a lily,' and more cold than the dew that glistens in its heart. But as the man drew near she shuddered. Then out of the press and throng there sprang a dark-haired youth and put his arm about her— this long-forgotten maid — and kissed her pale face, in which the blood shot up like lights of the red dawn across the quiet sky. And next there was turmoil and uproar, and a flashing of swords, and they tore the youth from her arms and stabbed him, hjit with a cry she snatched the dagger from his belt and drove it into her snowy breast, home to the heart, and down she fell, and then, with cries and wailing, and every sound of lamentation, the pageant rolled away from the arena of my vision, and once more the past shut up its book. Let him who reads this forgive the intrusion of a dream into a history of fact. But it came so home to me — I saw it all go clear in a moment, as it were ; and, besides, who shall say what proportion of fact, past, present, or to come, mav lie in ' imasrination ? What is imagination? Perhaps it is the shadow of the intangible truth, perhaps it is the soul's thought. \- in a moment the whole thing had passed through my brain, and She was addressing me. ' Behold the lot of man,' said the veiled Ayesha, as she drew the winding sheets back over the dead lovers, speak ing in a solemn, thrilling voice that accorded well with, the dream that I had dreamed, ' to the tomb and, to the for getfulness that hides the tomb, must we all come at last 3 Ay, even I who live so long. Even for me, oh Holly, thousands upon thousands of years hence ; thousands of years after thou hast gone through the gate and been lost in the mists, a day will dawn whereon 1 shall die and be even as thou art and these are. And then what will it matter that I have lived a little longer, holding off death by the knowledge I have wrung from Nature, since at last I, too, must .die ! What is a span of 10,000 years, or ten times ten thousand years, in the history of time t It is as naught ; it is as the mists that roll up in the sunlight ; it fleeth away like an hour of sleep or a breath of the Eternal Spirit. Behold the lot of man 1 Certainly it shall overtake us, and we Bhsll sleep. Certainly, too, we shall awake and live again, and again shall sleep, and so on and on through periods, spaces, and times, from neon to aeon, till the world is dead, and the worlds beyond the worlds are dead, and nought liveth save the Spirit that is Life. But for iis twain and for these dead ones shall the end of ends be Life, or shall it be Death J As yet Death is but Life's Night;, but out of the night is the Morrow born again, and doth again beget the Night. Only when Day and Night, and Life and Death, ore ended and swallowed up in that from which they came, what shall be our fate, oh Holly, who can sec bo far t Not even I !' . And then, with a sudden change of tone and manner : ' Hast thou seen enough, my stranger guest, or shall 1 show thee more of the wonders of these tombs that are my palace halls 2 If thou wilt I can lead thee to where Tisno, the mightiest and most valorous King of Kor, in whose day these caves were ended, lies in a pomp that seems to mock at nothingness, and bid the empty shadows of the past do homage to his sculptured vanity !' ' I have seen enough, oh Queen,' I answered. ' My feeble breast is overwhelmed by the strength of the present Death. Mortality is weak and easily broken down by a sense of the companionship that waits upon its end. Take me hence, oh Ayesha!' 