OUR SOUTH AUSTRALIAN LETTER. [From our Adelaide Correspondent.) Great interest is being taken here in the approaobing jubilee of our Soly Father. An address from tbe Cardinal, Archbishops, and Bishops of Australasia has been prepared for presentation. It was illuminated by the Dominioan nuns of the Oonvent of the Holy Ghost, North Adelaide, and magnifioently bound in vellum and gold by an Adelaide honse. Words would fail to oonvey even a faint idea of the beauty of design and perfection of execution of the illumination of this address. Several valuable giftBhave been prodnoed, to the order of wealthy oitizens, for presentation to the Holy Father, so that South Australia will not be the least in the sisterhood of the Australasian oolonies. P&rkes;' idea to appropriate the name of the oontinent for his little spot of earth is ridiculed here, as it deserves. He meets with sympathy in hiB effort to get rid of a title with which is associated such unsavoury traditions, but he must try again. The quescion of tbe reduction of our surplus has been solved by the issue of Treasury bonds to the amount of £1,100,000, redeemable out of the prooeeds of the sale or letting of Orown lands. I say letting, as no oourae has yet been deoided on. A motion for the appointment of a Royal Commission to inquire as to the most judioions manner of disposing of or utilising our Orown lands has been passed. I trust that wisdom will guide their oounoils, and that letting on lease, as distinguished from absolute alienation, will be the outcome of their deliberations. Tnere is here jubilation over the rise in metals—tin, £151; oopper, £62. Speculation in all mining securities is very active, an ), with a good harvest, we xnay look for a return of the " old Satumlan days." The adoption of a protective policy by us may aooonnt in a measure for the atrooions attaok on our credit bythe St.James'' Gazette. It is inoredible the depths of villainy to whioh the London PresB will deBoend when raoe-hatred or self-interest is in question— the " Forger's" treatment of Mr.Parnell, to wit. The lying statements of the St. James' Gazette have been abundantly disproved, but for a oomplete and thorough discrimination of the baseness of this vile London rag we have only to refer to its utteranoes on the " Home Rule Question." The rlpht of the Irish nation to manage its own sffiirs, now oonoeded by every man with an ounce of brains, is treated by this Londou oracle as a demand of so outrageous a oharaoter as to be unworthy of serious discussion, and only to be met—as it met it—by calumny and low abuse of the men whom the people of Ireland oonfide in, and by a yell for coercion for a nation that only asks for the freedom W6 colonials enjoy. A valuable lesson is taught to Australians by this episode. It is this— That everything is not trne which is written in a London journal, even of the transcendental oulture of the St. James' Gazette, and that journals wbioh will lie unent Australian finances will also lie .when Irish politios are on the tapis. We are suffering from a slight attaok of yellow fever. It commenced in our Northern Territory, and has now obtained a fast hold in town. A bad feature in the case is that no one can suggest a cure. Change of air, of as radioal a character as possible, is, without doubt, the most effioaoious remedy. Of oonrse, I allude to the presence of Chinese amongst us. It is another of the curses of English polioy. These wretched oreatures were, at one time, content to stop at home and work on the lines whieh satisfied them for so many centuries, but England broke the oirole which confined tbe plague, and we and our oousins in Amerioa must pay the penalty. Even if the Chinese were not mere parasites, who draw all they can from the community and give nothing in retnrn, their vioes, their disregard of sanitary laws, and their disturbing influenoo on tbe labour market render them exceedingly undesirable residents in our midst. They are, however, a perfect godsend to a oertain class of mild evangelists, who pnt in their time after offioe hours in looking after other people's souls. Thistribe is an interesting study. Composed, like mankind' in general, of knaves and fools, they patronise the yellow nuisance; the former through a desire to seoure their ; trade, the latter from diseased philanthropy. . A ourioua result on the latter is that they beoome heathenissd quite as muob) as the subjeots on whioh they operate become Christianised. They appear to make mutual concessions in the matter. Some time ago, after a sumptuous spread ''At a celebrated restaurant in this City, given by a Chinese merchant, a section of the company visited several Chinese houses, aadvisrare preBent whilst incense or spices were burn fed before the Joss, or ''old maq." fa, tying ss, or V old maq.7 ^p ^ing informed that ; they partio^a^dfn«J!WP —' * l idolatry, .the poor .missioneaS; it.. I don't suppose appose it. made j'aoy.pS.eMnceJ The Premier proposes a uniform, all thp.colonies. .. . ,,"" ". ;'„'•',\, r ^ | You must allotr me to ooh^Wujte the Irishmen and ltigli- AwttftUiM oTVkbrtW on the opening of the ndaghifibent Hibernian, Hall. It is a complete an»wer.4o Jto Mjgote who would not aUow the envois of nation tobeheardimthe haUlbojwhlohp^y oltizen hadanequal iright r ,AU/jM»»9Pf :{° i the jHibornian Society,ml iWgmP^iJS, Bro. E. L.^plao, wio rwjs 0*e soul of the good work. 'Mord-TM. ^L 8 P«H*«diM to tyranniu over Irbtal" no man can foresee the result. ^ ' tJvmC®* ft S*® 1 * mu *ter not alons „« Irish Nationalists and sympathisers !.! Gladstone in iis great work, ™ liberal- minded man in.the o^mnnity on ^ oooasion of the fcev. Mr. Ourrie'i KtaL. our Town Hall on 8th D ^ w S f ^ leading citizens will be on the olatfoZ The title of the lecture is « F<«ty P Yea£?«; the W lderness, or Ireland's Riglit to Hole the briUiant suooms which attended the rev. leoturer's effortsto your oity a rare treat is in store for those t h t Tow » Hall, Adelaide, °on 8mbe ^ 5 ?L r ; r The P'wweds are for the evicted tenants of Ireland. What a splendid meeting you had in vonr grand new hall. I am sorry your Arc*, bishop oould not attend, as It Was a mestinir held for an object which any churchman however strict his ideas, might take part in' However, his warm-hearted letter atoned in a degree for his absence. It would be a good stroke of policy if Tim Healy and Sexton would make an Australian tour for the oanae before tbe oook-pit at Westminster opens again. You, at least, would have a hall worthy to resound to their eloquence. Still I think no hall in Australia would now be refused to them; the cauiie hk« mads tuih strides—thanks to the English Radioals— sinoe the Redmonds were here. National League not suppressed here yet. New branch fonnded at Port Adelaide on Tuesday night last, amid great enthusiasm. Forty members were enrolled, including tbe respected pastor, the Rev. Fr. Williams, a young Viotorian. A large accession is looked for at the next meeting. 