! ITEMS' OF NEWS. The O.M. S Ormuz left Adelaide yesterday morning, and may be expected to arrive in the Bay lato this afternoon. ; A cSrrespo'ndent . writes As I / have-.-/ fre- quently caned at the Mining surveyor s: ouice in Hai'grea.ve-B.t.root. without finding that geiitle- men there for tlie purpose of getting my Miner's Right renewed, I think; it would he. wise if (lie Qoyorriinent allojvetl;. (lib offiqer. iri chirgb Hfi tbb Receipt and Pay Office. to perform that function. It is he who issues thd Mmpr's Rights, and why cannot ho also renew tlicm t . Mb, James. Bbnriett, ' of Bjirkbr-'slrbSt, Has just cbmpleted: tlf.o now,' siiow-rporii' at, his 4rap,e.mtablulimeiff;' Tlie,' b'uildirig isi Highly suitable for tlie display of ivith the drapeiy departments, will be illumi- natcd to.-iiight/so that the public will be;able;to witness all tlie beautiful andAisefuIarticles that Mr Bennett has for sale.: . ( .. ( Tlie remains' of tHelate Mrs Tr'aby,1 of -Barkers Creek, were interred in the old. Cliurel( ij'f Eng land portiori of ,tlie.; local- Cdtrietery'"'yfcsfbfclay afternoon, '.A' number, (if resideiits joined in the 1 cortege,' and thesRev./H; J.: , Howell officiated at the grave. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Messrs' Ottey and Philpots, llio executors to the Will of the deceased. Accounts for. tho following "Arer lyitig fof payment , at tlie Receipt a,fid Pay, Office BorOugli of Climvton;' A. .Muirhead, T. .Wil liamson, G. T. lYoolley, P.. TlidtiiVbri. C. Suey, R. Roid, G. M. Reid. rw. M'Gibbon/.D.' M'Leati, H. J. Howell, W./Halford arid Son, C. Henderson, G. GodfrC'ri/ .GistlCiriaine HoS-' pital, ,A.! 'Barkiir/ J. Dayey1/ J. Main/ A'. -10/ Rowan. ' ', " ;The ciise of Mary Soutlicorrihe of urisobrid mind was heard at the Police Court yestei'day/ ajid it being reported she is improving she was rnmnnrlprl fnr flirt front rrif»nf. till tlin iust. An inebriate/ John -ffailo/an, who said he had been w orking very hard, and had . only One drink, was 6yer<mm.e.;6ii 'Mpriddy iViglit, and broke a bottle' of pain killer lie carffed w ith him for, a. comforter.',. .He was fined 2s', 6d. . : ... , The officers of the Locoriiotive Department are. at present engaged in making trials in coii- nectiou' witlifhe altitude of the various bridged on the lilies, with a: view of -.ascertaining if the vans similar to (hose now used by the South Australian Go/erniherit could' be broright into' requisition on the Yicforiail-Railways. The vans' are said, to be lucre ..'commodious, and a, great improveriient; on'- those af presbut' iff use in this eolpny. , TKo' store of Mr T. Ellidit, draper and grocer,, at the' corner of Fairy and! Kprpu-streets, IVarF- liamhool, was destroyed;,; by : fire.; ybHterday' riiofriitjg - about two . . b':6lricK,;;:Ajriios.t all , the, goods were hurried, Ihh walls only beirig left standing.; Hpw.tlie fire originated js ; a inystery, as no one was sleeping on the premises, and the building is isolated from any other. Mr Elliott's stock is insured; f6r> L800i iri the Queen Cotn- Pany. . . .. " . , . , . Oil Saturday, at- 3 o'clock, the 'well-kriown1 auctioneers, of Collins-street, Messrs G. W. Taylor and Co./ will h'Olcl an important sub- divisional sale ..of. " Braenlar "' allotments at Ridclells Creek. Braeiri'af overlooks a' ririfiiber of districts, is. urisurpds'sed, arid has a most ex- pansiyb yiew, eriihrabinsf millions of acres of land arid water. Plans, views of tlie estate, and rail way tickets at greatly, reduced- fares can be obtained from the offices" of the auctioneers, .who notify full, particulars iri their advertisement in another column. . A meeting was held in the Town Hall last evening for the purpose of forming a committee to arrange an entertainment for the benefit of a Mr M'Kay, who' was injured at the Harcourt Qnarries some time back, arid/ wherae fairiily is in adve'rse circumstances. 'Mr W. Gaulton oc- cupied the, chair, and there were also present M essr.) Iredale (2), ,Reid, Hasler, Atkin,. Hpbson, F. K.'Besf, arid'.Jv George, vVho was elected lion. Secretary ' pro teiri.' 1 Tlie benefit is to take the. form of a musical and dramatic entertainment, and , a sub-c'om hiittee. w'.-is formed to frame the. musical part of triApfograinuie. Off Saturday afternoon at tho Butts the skir-, inishing competition for, tho JSargpqd tropby will take place, aud the. " <3 " and " D '' Com panies of the local Militia; who have bad active practice lately, will doubtless rerideri a good ac count of themselves; The competition will be undertaken' by GO ; men from each Company; and it is to bo hoped that there will bo a go'Od atten'-- darice, for tho absence of any w'ill very' iriaterially neutralise the! effoftk of tlibse 'wlio' take part in the.cpmpetitjon. .As at the recent competition for Sir, W.) J. Clrifke's trbp|iy. for' infantry, attack, the, employers of labpuq allowed tliqse Militiamen in, their employment .sufficient- time to, engage;. in trio;, competition,, and, by- so, doing they helped- tp -make the.score of the- local: Conipaiiios highly' satisfactory. lb is;tO:, be hoped tliat the men. will have tlie same privilege conceded them' on Saturday by their employers. Ga8tleinaine-''rifle'iiien — those , belonging - to , the old " Greys " arid. the Militia— have, up" to tho present f 'time; r -Wain tailed a", goqdiposition for average shooting, and there is no reason ,to fear that; they will' continue to/lb 'so!/"' , OnBatuifday/ Mwsrs Roiihe 'iiricj Blrickb'urn, inspectors of liquor and .excite; Susited -Yaridbit in search of illicit spirits: Tliriy visited the shop of Mr yincengo 1 Pedririi, a ' well-to-do baker, residing in Yaudoit, and on . searching the pre mises discovered a riumber of bottles of '-aq.ua vitae' bri which/duty -had not been paid, in a room over, the , cellar. . They then visited the cellar, arid while they werb engaged in inspec ting tlie liquors there,Pedrini violently assaulted Inspector Roche, and calling three of his men who were watching the proceedings to assist him, , smashed up the bottles of illicit liquor seized by the officers The officers had to desist searching and protect themselves, aud Inspector Roclie being fortunately'si-med with a revolver,: drew ;it, and, seizing Pedrini,- arrested him. He was then conveyed to the! lockup, I and charged with (assaulting the officers iri- the execution of .their duty.' Pedririi W'ris-.afterwarclk bailed out arid (remanded till' the Ifitli/ wh'eif he' w.ill also be. 'proceeded agaiiitt.on the cliarge of having illicit liquor in his po4essioft". y 'Fiye other Italians will also be proceeded against;' for a similar: of- fence'. " Miss Ponney,.., continued her addfe3sep last evening in the "Baptist. Church. Mr ihitriey ophried the'6ervi'ce <vitli' priiyer. Miss Pehriey read a chapter from , the "Acts, hearing on the (subject chosen/ "-The Baptism' of. tho Holy jGhost." , During the: course ,of hor, address, she proceeded to' show that the Holy. Spirit was riot an/ Influence,- bub a personality, bs . could bo certified in the rilriniier in ivhicli Christ spokcof it ' She/also Sliowe'd- tliat the ' want- of its prosorice 1 wak thV weakness of the Church of the present day,,; : She w-armly entreated- her hearers to be , satisfied with- nothing- Iobs tliaiv the posBQBsibn of , this great gift, which rriight be obtaiued by faith and .baptism. ! Wo had. but to ask in a priopor "spirit, and it would be grantodf The at- tenditri'ori/Was1 air itriprovenierit to that of the previous uiglit. ' This eveniiig tho subject is on' " FaitliHerflirig;":' ' OuV'Triririffiile'cbrresjioiideht, writing yesterday, says i-yhlw D; TlVpriids',1 of tlie Taiiidale Post ,Offico," whiistbut'ori; duty on liis bicycle met with ri nasty spill.! . Iff kissing riiothor earth ho raised the skin of his nasal; organ, sprained his wrist, and was'inuch bruised. The bicycle is growing old in the Bervice. His office ootkipauion, Mr T. Smith, also came to grief in the main street off his wheel, .bufcfelt no ilheil'oct from his oollision with ' " terra-firma." Botli will bo more careful in the future. — About a dozen of our raw recruits were put through their facings hist night by your excellent drill instructor. 1 boliovo the rinn- liivgerit will soon number 25 strong. In coiise- riiienc'o' of tin "upsido down meeiing at the SaBiition Army Barracks the Militiamen werb unable to gef thfit hall, imd wore drilled in tlie premises lately o'ccujiied' liy tlie National' HahK at the Commercial Hotel." A meeting of tho Committed to cariry orit :tho arrSiigemeiits for the ..banquet to Alr James „Tliomson on tho '23rcf inWt'. was held 'iri>' tho Town Hall last night. The Mayor r> resided, and there ivas. a good attend ance. . Two tenders were recoived from Messrs Wo'odaVdi and Morris. 'for catefirig- for the banquet, and that of the former was accepted. The prices" were similar/ and lots were drawn by the Chairman, -resulting-as above stated. From, tlie ntmiber 'of tfiJlfritri filrbAtiy sold", lt is antici pated that there will be a largo attendance at the banquet. The Chairuiiiri stated that the follow ing gentlemen have signified their intention of being pres'erit — Hons. W! I. Winter, -N. Fi'z- gornld, W. A. Zeal, W. Wi'sou, Ms.L.C. ; Messrs J. B. 'Patterson, -Gordon, and J. Busisto, Ms.L.A.-; Lr. Pliimmer, President of the National Agricul'turbl Society'/ Messrs A. Fletcher, John Currie,- W. -H,-. Mastery, .and others. The Hon.; Secretary (Mr Holuies) read tho list of toasts to bapmposed and huuoured, aud it met with the approval of those present. Several' other tfuitters were" decided upon, .and the banquet, the .ticketB for which; are Gs each, promises to pass oft'mostsuccessfully. Tho following is the roturn of traffic on tho Victorian Railways , for -tlie wfcek ending 10th March, 1887 , Passengers, parcels,, horses, ^car riages",' dogs," and. mails, L21,75I 7s lid ; mer chandise, ltliiierais, arid cattle, L29,023 12s 9cl ; total for tho, week, L50,775. 0b. 8d aggregate tri this date frorii 1st July, Ll,708,12'J14s 8d ; weekly average, 30 weeks, L47,44;8 0s lid. It is really astonishing (remarks the ' Charl ton Independent ') in tlresu clays of postal facilities that people are to be found so stupid as 'to enclose a - naked coin' iri a letter through the post. On Wednesday last, its one of the officials of the Charlton Post-office was about to use. an . emptied, registered mail bar he_ thought he heard something jingle at the bottom, and putting in" his Hand lie took but a sovereign. Ho/y it got there is easily, guessed. r , The Korcit district is sunering, severely iioui the effects of long toritiuuect dry weather. Therb \- is no.grass, - and fire's liaive swept over.nia.ny of (the neighbouring stations, destroying fences and jail feed. The potato crop is, both scanty and j poor in quality. Tlie. late crops on , Some : of |the rented fields will not pay for digging, 1 dnd' ! this oil land whose , rent, is , about L5 per acre. Many wells have become dry, and a water famine 13 imminent unleES raiti soon falls: ' J' ' '" ' At the Jesuit College, Kow. oil Monday, the Rev. Thomas Keating, S.J.. expired in theGOth year of his age. Father. Keating had been for some, years reclor of the Catholic; University College, Dublin, and subsequently rector of Clongowes Wood College, County Kildare. About four years ago lib camb 1 to' Australia, and was since engaged on the, staff , of . St. Aloysius Col lege, Sydney". By the direction 'of his inedical advisers he came to Melbourne a few weeks ago for_ch.ance of . air. . . _ .. v Airshpckirig ricqident occurred: at'Lbtigwarr| on ' Monday to a labouring riiaii named John Brady, eniployed at one pf the local, sawmills. He was engaged removirig'saw dust- from under the mill, when he was caught on the head, by a circular Baw, which nearly severed the left Bide of 'the head, lacerating the biain, and causing a compound .comminuted .fracture of the skull. He was removed by train to the Melbourne Hospital, where the surgeons iri attendance pronounced tlie case a hopeless one. An inquest was held at Port Adelaide on Monday on the body of a married woman named Helena E. ' Darroch, who committed suicide ; by /drowning. / 1 On the day of her" death the deceased wrote, a; long! letter stating that her ! husband was morally responsible for her death ! by liis crubl 'treatment fbr beveral' years past, land stating that ,011/ the same day lie told her : that unless ''she '.committed suicide lie" would ; murder her. James Darroch, the husband of j the deceased, admitted that he had barbarously ! treated the deceased, . But lie" denied "the threat j of murder. A verdict waS returned of suicide ; while in an unsound state' of mind, ivith- a strong :censure 'of Darroch. for /his inhumanity. The : Coroner said tliat Darrooli'. was morally, though riot legally guilty of riiansiaughter. ;. , A magisterial iuquiry was held at Dimbcola i on Monday, concerning! the' death of.ithe young man, William1 Allard, . whose/ dead body was found on Sunday morning in the Wimmera ! River, close to Dimboola.' From the evidence ; it appears the deceased had been' missing since ; Wednesday from his place of business at the i bootmaker's shop; of Mr W. Laxton, Staivell. (He had been drinking freely at' the Chinese jCamp., After spending some money, there with j a' wbhian harried Srisan Sfnith' lib gave lier' liis watch. Through j some niisunderstauding be tween them the deceased threa'tened fo commit suicflle by drowning. Search /vas made for him by the police until ye'sferclay, ivlien the body was found iri three feet of water by a party of rdivers. The jury returned a verdict of death while in an unsdurid state'/df" tiiin'd.,. "1, ,.s . r r F, LasJ>;i vveek ;;a Lwoll-tb-db farmer'- iri'tfiet Wim- mei-a distdct;,realise.d.to.>hiscpst--. thai ".when beer /enters thb sto'machjieuse' often , leaves the head.''; - He had his farm',- cqnsistirig,.bf several huridreds' fff.atsXoI'lribhFlffdff'dyeise for salei and also his:liuusehbld.gobds,';im|jieiiieiits, etc., iriferidirig to" withdraw' the Iat£er'"'if the former were not sold. Haying .purchased several kegs of beer for the sale, however, I10 imbibed too freely during the morning, with the result that in the afternoon he " left undone w-hat he ought to Have; done," in not stopping the sale when tho land was not sold, and " did what he ought not' to have done/" in (allowing all his ptlier jirbperty' £0 bo sold at a great sacrifice/ His wife interposed/ but he told the.iiuctibrieer 1 to: go on, and knock them all ' down' ftiatterloSS | what price they brought.. His mortifidatiori jnrtxt morning may. be imagined when he awokd iso, bared, and as tlie land was- not sold, had to (purchase new furniture, did.,: tb'repjaoe That , which had been" sacrificed tlid day before! 1 , :i 1 j The following are! further particulars of the' 'cyclone at Bourketowii, Gfu.If of Carpentaria :-/ri "At O'clock ori the iriorniiig (of /Saturday, the 5tli inst., a terrific cyclone : coinnionceii' jblowiug, a'ccoriipanied by heavy rain from; tile The, wind- gradually increased in violence up to about 2 o'clock, when fearful destruction'1 coiiimeiicbd. The river rose 2ft in half an hour/ iarid ultimately reached a height of 8ft above the, summer level. The storm continued for 12! Jiours, and every Building in the'town was more (or, less destroyed, oxcept the custom and cuurt .houses,' soino being; completely wrecked.' ; In Bpito ot all efforts two women, two children, and a. Chinaman perished. The Iobs of houses and stock is very great. Telegraph posts were smashed like matches, anil the whole of tho line was, totally destroyed as far as it is possible to travel' along it. The Post and Telegraph Office ,was Wrecked, Hut tho instruments arid tho mails were saved hy the postniastor at great personal risk. Many' distressed families have been suocoured by the postmaster and the Sergeant of policp, and groat hospitality waS shown to many sufferers by the manager of the Queensland National Bank. Many of the busi ness peoplo Hero are liopolusslj' ruined: The loss to Messrs Aplin and Brown is varidusly'estinlated at from L12,000 to L2O,60O. Two men with a team perished oil the road." : According to an article in 'Lo Temps,' it hps become so difficult to dispose, of lottery tickets in France, that tho agents will not undertako to push their sale for a. smaller commission than CO per cent., arid not more thaii 20 per ocnt. of the gross sum subscribed is now available for distribution as prizes. At the present time six lotteries are being advertised, By which it is pro posed to- raiso LI, 200, 000 from the credulous public. . . I, 