^^Current Items. , In-;£ur Biipplement-'this week will be found^reports'of the Balmain Council and the Friendly Societies Committee Banquet, local spbrting, some fiscal correspondence, and Ja variety of interesting 'miscellaneous matter. -'V Local trades people are reminded that the Banks close next Monday and Tuesday. Tho usual -weekly meeting of tho Bal main Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society was held in Llewellyn street school room on Tuesday evening, June loth. Mr. H, S. Shaw (V. P.) in the chair. There was a good attendance of . member's. Tho minutes, of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, The following subjects I were spoken upon, and well criticised by ?the membors present. ' Tobacco, ' ' Steam Engine, ' 'Should Australia be a Repub lic 'and ' Geo. Washington.' The subject for debate 'on June 28th is ' Payment of Members The Ministry (Premier) Mr. J. Laws, Junr., his colleagues Messrs. Jones and Packer, taking the negative, with Mr. J. R. Louat and Kelshaw the opposition. The Leichhardt Mutual; Improvement Association had an extra grand- night on Wednesday when they hold :.a 'Mock Trial by Jury ' tho subject .being a libel in which (Mr. Colbron) Quong Tart Ah Fat Two Tin sued (Mr. Wiitts) Charles Shewup Parnell O'HoolaganLoohyforjfd damages. The alleged libel being that the defendant called the plaintiff ' The spider legged ghost of a withered tarantula ' at a coun cil meeting. Mr. Walsh carried out the duties of judge in an efficient manner. Mr. Johnson as Council for Plaintiff was de didedly ? the; hit of the evening. Mr. J. O'Brien, Jiin'r. took the part of Counsel for Defendant in a :vory creditable manners All through the proceedings the audience had a broad grin on thoir faces. The j ury finally brought in a verdict for plaintiijior half the damages claimed. ? It will be seen by advertisement in an other column, that a much needed improve ment, viz., the numbering* of the houses throughout the Borough, will bo com menced on Tuesday next. We are in formed by the valuers, Messrs. Armstrong and Beaumont, to whom tho work has been entrusted by the Council, that tho cause of the delay has boon the failure of tho Eng lish firm who were entrusted with the order for enamel iron numbers, to supply the samo in accordance with agreement. That order has now been cancelled, and we are pleased to hoar that tho numbers are being manufactured by a Colonial firm, Messrs. M'Grogor, Hams and Co., of the City Galvanising and Enamelling Works, No. 2GG George-street, Sydney. Tho Council intend only charging the ratepayers with the actual cost of the number plates, six pence for oach houso, a sum that no house holder will bogrudgo in view of tho very groat convenience the numboring will bo. We learn that as Monday noxt tho 20th instant has been proclaimed a public holi day in connection^ with tho celebration of tho Queen's Jubilee arrangements have been made for postponing tho Municipal Appeal Court from that day to th e follow ing Friday at eleven o'clook. At a meeting of the Balmain Debating Club, held on Thursday, 16th inst'., it was unanimously decided to adjourn tho meet ings of tho club until 'the first Tuosday in August next. I Tho arrangements made to opon 'tho Govornuio'nt Buildings having boon post poned on account' of the inability of tho Premier and ministers to attond, tho only public local celebration in Balmain will be planting of trees on Elkington Park by Al dermen and their wives, to whiohtho public are invited. This will take place at tho park about ton a.m. In corrjction of a correction in thcLuich. liardt Bulli list published last week, wo wish to Btate tl.at Mr. T. Colebrook's name siiouid have been substituted for one giyen in tho first list as 'J. Colmnn,' not for that of Mr. J. Colbron, whose name figured correctly in tho first list as a subscriber. In reference to the wall and railing around the new Government buildings, we are in formed that twenty-one tenders wore sent in, tho lowest ono being by a local tenderer. Mossrs Bruco and Massoy,'tho well known music warehousemen, of Pitt-streel, Sydney, announce in our business columnn that they aro offering some , choice school organs at 15 guineas, under thoir usual loniont conditions, whioh should bo worthy of consideration by committeemen and others. This firm is fast gaining on longer established houses in reputation for :ho in pianos and organs. Tho Wohago piano oxcelloncy of the instruments it soils, both is ono ospocially suited for this olimato and is both beautiful in tone and finish, having all tho latest improvements. Wo spoak this from oxperiouco and auyono dosinring to seo ono in uso can do so by calling at tho office of this paper. A meeting of the sharolioldors in tho proposed Co-operativo Forry, was hold on Wednosday night, in St. Thomas' school room. The) e was not a very largo atten dance, no doubt in consequence of tho oountor attraction in Sydney on that night. After some discussion had taken placo it was deoided to postpone the meetim? for a month. The Perjury Caso.— Frederick Taylor and F. Taylor, Junr, wore tried for willful and coiTupt perjury on Thursday and Fri day whon the oldor prisoner was found guilty and the youngor acquitted, sentence deferred till Wednesday. Full particulars of tho trial will appear in our next issue. Tho asigned estate cf W. W. Nesbitt, draper of Beattie-street is ndvertised to be cleared at ridiculous prices to day, by Mr.-, C. Bead, who has long resided in this suburb and in tends to keep the premises going as a iirst-class drapery directly ho gets rid of the old stock. Tho ranks of our local mcdicocs havo been still further added to by Dr O'Doherty having commenced pratiee in Mac-iuarie Terrace, as will be seen by advertisement elsewhere. This gentleman comes to Balmain with a first-class reputation from Brisbane. A man named John Kelly was found drowned on Tuesday at the foot of Mort-street. Deceased fell into the water the previous evening while under the influence 'of liquor and was drowned. An inquest was held at the Waterview Hotel on Wednesday by W. T. I'inhey, Esq., J.P., when a verdict of ac cidentally drowned was returned. The Church Army held a well-attended and enjoyable Too Meeting at Cox's room in Elliott-street last night. A full account will appear in next week's issue. Jubilee! Jubilee 1 Jubilee! Illuminations. Illuminations. Illuminations. T. Hooper's T . Hooper's. T. Hooper's Cash Palace to night, and all next week is tlie cheapest Dra pery and Clothing establishment for every body to go to ; study economy and purchase vour drapery and clothing for Jubilee day from T. Hooper at the noted Cash Palace in Beattie-street, Balmain. — 422. The Fioating. Dock is to bo launched this afternoon at 4.30. The Balmain S.F. Co. advertise special boats for tho holidays, and an illumination excursion Tuesday. 