The Terror Inside the Threshold. Stolid, lethargic, mulish, and not to be taught by experience; that is the character of the Anslo.Saxon. It has not been much modified in this clearer Australian climate. He profits by no warning, however terrible. It is only when the enemy is at his gates that he begins to think of preparing to meet him. Then, if the enemy retires to wait for a better opportunity the Anglo Saxon, good easy man, goes comfortably to sleep. again, iatead of setting his defences in order to repel the nextinvasion. A good example of this may be found in the way in which we went to work, like Bedlamites, to drill soldiers, and build fortifications, when we thought the Russians were coming, and then, when we discovered the alarm was premature (only premature, not ground less, remember), disbanded our soldiers, dis continued our fort-building, reduced the garrisons of the forts already built to an average of three purblind gunners, and sank into slumber once more with a wide smile of security on our faces. But a, grimmer and ghastlier. illustration than thisis to be found in the manner in which..we allowed a deadlier enemy than the Russians--Typhoid Fever-to grow up out of seething rottenness without troubling ourselves about .it, until troubling of any kind «ras almost too late. Now, when Death has come to dwell in the same street with' us-perhaps in the same house-we com mence to curse fatoand the Board of Health. The papers reek with letters-which should be fumigated before being read, even in print-denouncing scores of. nuisances in every suburb-nurseries of disease and sloughs of (death, as one correspondent vigorously described them. But why all this furious uproar about them now? They did not spring into existence in a night. They are old familiar landmarks. They have existod in the same places, peacefully breeding typhoid germs, for years. No fiorco light of criticism was lot in upon them, no complaints were made about them, till, touched by the vivifying sun, the germs bred within them went forth to do their appointed duty and play havoo with the census. How was this! Everybody who knew anything-everybody who posses. sed even a rudimentary organ of smell, and most people have that much-knew that these ancient rotteonesses would, if undis. turbed, breed death sooner or later. No ghost of a typhoid victim was required to come from the other world to tell them this. They knew that fatality waits upon filth as surely as that night follows day. Why, then, all this affectation of surprise and horror at the outburst'of typhoid now? It is merely another Anglo-Saxon character istic. The only inference to he drawn from the present panic is that the people who are making the most row have no direct dislike of filth as eilth, but only when considered in directly as the cause of disease to themselves or their own- particular friends. Further, they are callous. The next street to them might be depopulated, and they would not take any interest in the fact (if they were sure of being safe themselves) other than as a subject of conversation. It is only when the skeleton hand kuocks at their owsrdoors, or comes so close that they feel the damp smell of the grave in the air, that they rouse themselves and rend the welkin with howls for vengeance on the Municipal Council and the Board of Health, and everything and everybody they can think of. Their sn or daughter, or dearly beloved relative, is at tycked by the disease, and they think that th. wrte Popslation houldrias as ens man land paint themselves crimson in the gore of Town Councillors and Inspectors of Nui sances. They forgot that their son or daughter, or dearly beloved relative, is no more to the public at large than the son or ,dlaughter, or dearly beloved relative, of any body ese. And the chances are, too, that these are the very people who had most cause to dread (if anybody had ever any cause to dread such good-natured, easy going persons) the visits of Inspectors of ,Nuisances. The fact is that there is little use in ap .pinting Inspecters of Nuisances if people, instead of helping, try to thwart them in the execution of t eir duties. This may bedone passively, as well as actively. Everyhouse hold contributes a certain quantity of refuse matter to the general total, and it is the duty of every householder to see that it is all car ried away, and not allowed to accumulate in back yards, and dirt-pits, or used (as some flthily thrifty folk use it) to fertilise garden patches. If it is not carried away he should give notice to the proper authorities. They will perform their part of the contract if he hprform As. Every householder should be his own Inspector of nuisances. If this sani tary truth were generally appreciated, and acted upon, we should hear little-if :we heard anything, about native-born epidemics, because there would be no beds for them ito breed in. Uncleanness is sin, and the wages of sin we know to be death. Wearegetting all our arrears of pay now. : \---------- b f^ 