Inviting Ghosts to a Feast, Sir.- W. R. S. Ralston, in a lecture at Toy n bee Hal! on the subject of " Russian Tillage Life," said its most interesting teature' was the self-go vernment which each village possessed j the vil- lagers had managed their oWn affairs for centuries, and did so very Well.- They were still poor and he:- viiy taxed, biit their condition was not nearly so bad as many of their professing friends repre sented. A communal assembly of the villagefs was held regularly fot the discharge of the village business,- nud in this assembly no' priest, seigneur, or official dare interfere. Its decisions were al ways final and accepted as such by the Vil lagers, very few appeals being made to theGovern- incut, and the consequence was that where the soil was rich the peasant's desire was to obtain as much laud as possible,- and where the soil was poor as little. The two great festivals of the peasant's year were those of marriage and death, A great deal of ceremony had to be gone through before a young man could marry the girl of his choice,- and it was considered a point of etiquette for the bride whatever her real feelings might be, to lament her lot andyUpbraid her parents for their choice of her husband. On a certain day in each year the Rus sian peasant celebrated tlie festival of the dead, aud in connexion with this festival there were many old customs; One of these Customs was for a family to prepare an entertaiument for their dead relations. Three tables Were Set out with food and drink,- one of them being placed outside the house,- a second in the passage, and a third in the dwelling-room.- One of tiie family then went to the churchyard and invited the ghosts of the dead to come and feast with the living. The ghosts were supposed to follow the inviter,and were form ally requested to eat and drink at the first table. They were then conducted to the second table, and finally to the third,- where the family waited upon tlieif imaginary guests The head of the house after a time took the sheet which had been used for lowering the dead into their graves, and which was always Carefully preserved, and, hanging it out of the window as a menus of exit, notified to his ghostly guests that it was time for them to go. After they were supposed to have left the sheet Was drawn up, aud the family fell to cousumiog the food Which the spirits had left. Wherever Slavonians were found kindness, geniality, and hospitality were to be found also. 