Trade Jottings. A new union, entitled 'The Port Jackson Coal Laborers* Union,' has come into existence. The members want the Wharf Laborers to help them or amalgamate. ' The difference is among the stevedores them selves, they're trying to cut one another's throats,' remarked a wharf laborer last night. The deputation from the newly-formed Port Jackson Coal Laborers' Union had a rather ' happy' time of it at the Wharf Laborers' meet ing last night. ' We can't stop a man from joining a union, even if ifa the Salvation Army,1' said a wharf laborer last night. If the members of tbe Bnlli Relief Fond com mittee had been at the Wharf Laborers' meeting last night their hair would very likely have stood on end when they heard what the meeting thougut of them. A meeting of the Wharf Laborers' Union was held on Wednesday night The president (Mr. M'Killop) occupied the chair. The following letter was received from Messrs. Flood and Co., of the Blackwall stores : — ' We have to acknow ledge receipt of your letter containing proposed alterations in your rules. To theee we have so objection tsith the exception of rule No. 1. We think it very arbitrary to expect us to pay an hour's wage for all broken time, however small* We d.o not work or pay Icsb than an hour at the commencement of work, but often at the finish have to work over the hour ; and should thiB rule be inforced, we shall be compelled to work with less hands to save broken time. You will always find us ready to work with your union, and will be sorry if such a rule as this be carried. Some new members having Mathers, a deputation from the Port Jackson. Coal Laborers' Union, attended. Mr. Page asked the union to support them ; and dur ing hie remark, said that it had been alleged that they were going to try and break the 'Wharf Laborers' Union up, which was not true. He was of the opinion that it would be to the interests of those present to join them ; and added that it would put many a pound into their (the wharf laborers) pockets. Messrs. White and Matters also addressed 'the meeting at length, to the same effect. One stated that there were 140 members on the roll already. Mr. Kelly was against the new union becoming amalgamated with them. He wished to ask the deputation whether they had come with tue idea that their (the new) union would be paxt and parcel of the Wharf Laborers ? Mr. Page replied that they wished the wharf laborers to support them, and if they joined the wbart laborers they would get on well. They wanted the wharf laborers to say what they would do to help them. In reply to Mr. Bock, he said that if they worked Bhlp3' general cargo and coals, they would have to belong to both unions. In reply to questions, he said that he was a member of the other Coal Lumpers* Union. 2fo de cision was arrived at and the deputation retired. The chairman stated that he had done his duty in protesting against the scheme for distributing the Bulli Relief Fund. He mentioned the case of a widow who was ejected from a house which her husband had built, on account of her not signing a document promising not to take action. When she was on tne verge or starvation she was again waited upon, and induced to sign the document. Tne action of the chairman wa3 upheld. He was empowered to attend the meeting to be held next Monday. ? A Ghost Stobt. — In the Kewtown Small Debts Court, on Wednesday, W. Oatley sued D. Taomp Bon for £7 15s for plumbing work. Mr. Oatley stated that he did the work for Mr. D'Arcy Bead's Ghost Show, in the Newtown Theatre, for JE4 4s. When Thompson became the proprieter he gave him some more werk, and told him that he would see that he was paid. A witness named Hay stated that he was connected with the Ghost Show. Thompson sent him to Mr. Oatley to tell him to finish the work, and he would pay. - D'Arcy Read informed the Court that he was employed as manager of the Ghost Show. The ghost was not brought to a standstill through a hitch. Thomp son informed the Court that he sold the theatre for Bartlett. He ordered nothing from Oatley, and never told him to go on with the work. He was not the proprietor, worse luck. A nonsuit was granted. Jeish National League. — The central branch of the above held a general meeting on Tuesday nieht. Mr. FreehiU presided. A. motion was proposed to the effect, ' That a public meeting be immediately held to protest against the shooting down of the Irish peasantry, who were trying to utilise the privilege of free speech, a privilege which all civilised nations treasure as much as liberty itself, and that we approve of the action of the Irish people and their leaders, in showing to the world that they possess a natural feel ing, sufficient to make manifest that they will not be trodden on with impunity.' Several of the speakers having expressed their approval of the motion, besides urging that the meeting should take place as soon as possible, and that funds should foe raised at that meeting to strengthen the, Irish people in defending their rights and liberties,, the motion was carried, after which a sub-committee was formed to secure the Masonic Hall, and make arrange ments. In the Town and Cottntbt .Tottenal of Sep tember 3 it was mentioned that Mr. John Studd Brown, J.P., one of the oldest and most respected residents of tbe Dubfco district, had died in his residence, Ashton Lodge, Dubbo. In the current number of the Journal will - be found a portrait and a biography of this Jxew South Wales identity. ?What can Cuticura do for Baby?— Everything that is purifying, -beautifying, ana curative for the skin and scalp the Cutionra remedies will Qo. Nothing in medicineso agreeable, so speedy, aad so wholesome. Gun; anteedobso lutelypure and safe by the analytical ichemiBts of tlieState of ilassacUueetts, whose certificates accompany every package. i?or cleansing the skin and. scow -of birth 3iuzz2O£s, for. allaying itching, chs£xtnttmd inuamin&tibn.; for curing the first symptoms of : -eczema, psoriasis, miJc crust, and other inherited skin diseases, Cuticura, the great sMn cure, and Cntieura Soap, in exquisite &Jt;£n . Deautifier. axe infallible-— 5. ' ? ? ' Kinglets origh.1, that toss in tne sreeze like, a thin? of light.' She stood thus beautiful through the use vo£ Mrs. S. A. Allen's World's Hair Eestorer. Sold every where.— 3. v '? r-~ v~ ? There is 00 -virtue of a remedial tind in~thiB:J»o-called medicinal - importations which axe annpunpatoto contain the same cnratiTe ingredients «s W --U«*s 'Schnftpas; or to possess its peculiar properties, -^he public-would do well to avoid mushhrnabugMa well ae beipare of -cpnitterfelts of tho real article. ?. Botb..;ar« adultexated/and hurtful, Inc^ireior the genuine;— 7, '-'f' .-I ;;.*:?? '''- ? l..v.'; --'-?-.? . 