THE BED THAT COULD NOT BE MOVED. Br W. W. FENN. I we always intluenoed by eoiloidoeces, presentimnents and atraogo, unaooountable tales; I always eojoyed reading or bear. iog'of them, and for years aspired to be the hero of one. Iloura of relaxation without a good sensational tale or ghost story were shorn of half their restful benefit. Of! orse I knew all the trick. of the ghostly romanoer by heart : I was up to all bie ansient houses, tapestried hamberos, old pistures, furniture, esoret, Spanels, sad thebs like; bt they amused -me: none he lees, and at one time i.my only..wsh was for some personal ex .:perience amongst shob surroundings. It .. oever came, however, and when at laes there did happen to me a startling ad venture, it was amidst ciroametanoes the most prosalo and commonplace, having for a backgoaod nothing more romantio and weilrd than a newly.ercated suburban and 'Jerry.built' house. Yes, it was in such an unpromisig planes, and under most matter-of-faet conditions, that I passed through an experience of which. even to this day, I cannot think without a shudder. Not that i was a ghostly form of the terrible, and, though unnatural, could not be said to be supernatural; bus it was eufliolently appalling to be classed with any romanoe of dark deeds and singular seoapes. My business took me entirely not of the region of romance. I had never had a obance of pasling a night in a haunted .ouses or room, and, as my studies in that direction led ms only to look ti such places for what I hoped to find, I was perhaps less prepared for what happened. It came about in this fashion. The Volunteer movement had jost commenoed, and I, like other able bodied youngsters. enlisted in the osaue with eonaiierablo enthuaiasm. Flve-and.twenty years ago, those who had more money and leisuore than the rest were naturally thought the fittest to undertake commands, without moch regard to anything else. Here and there oxosptionm, however, were made to this unwritten rule, and I was one of these, for certainly I had no money. I do not want to appear egoti.tioal; but I hbad a torn for soldiering. was smart, quiek, and fairly well set up. I soon aequired pro. fioleney suffoient to justify quiok promo lion, and are long I found myself captSai 0 of my company. It woie said I had the making in me of a good soldier. I obeyed 31 to the letter, and espeated others to do b a. o?reame, Authority, however, was often t " l disputed on parade. The position of an .r ofaser, therefore, who knew what he was , talking about, was not always an enviable L,· 'one. Mine was not, for I am hasty and c'peppery, and seldom measured my words e1 -eso the rank and fies; but in the main I do rit: nst think I was unpopular, and I ertainoly a; had o? idea that I was sowing the seeds of lo wmgetal ill-will. Oone young fellow there W crhe, however, who displayed a very tar. o bdent spirit, and perhape I might have 21 sdoebted him. Bat after one or two sn. i saisrlnyditeptes in onr relative capailties of a' nosnet and prirvate, he, like others of hbs 1'. Njeon r, left she corps, and I utterly forgot bL is e?teonce ?ad his name. e?.tO. ?MeS two years, the persistent cold nirhe bt turned by the authorities of the v. oela'dOlloe towards the vclunteers, as is well .skasld waoyMkd a very cooling effect upon thelr enthutlaem. Many of. the regiments aid feisbtirhPeislbly; the earnest men beoame .ne, , adetld,elnd the indifferent threw up what ; o.litOesotntatst they might originally have i: rildkmdn hetmovement. ' I was amongst the y e trqrwslaedPwhen by decrees the numbers 1 became so reduced that the whole affair was uo' ?H4apira?wle(gffrefoal, I, too, resigned, and aed der? rIdr:swhile Iato private life. Regret. onerdut .ll iesetee I had grown fond of soldier slln?.t ?JH1f Iaw t; that, unless tb movement In ,m d tepu8dJdbl very different footing, the od l pid toarc l a pvase was for preferable to nldhisgtlhiaal nlabr; Indeed, was the-oly cde tieetsglo erd . stain-soldier to hold. , iWhwSYllo*gM desevantually to join norther r??meee Ia I .sh enpaoity. I enjoyed the In ,orsettgj tw; '4lbrese,. the drill; refusing ym~Qal elreal allesteoa, content to play the aeatamhbleola Tobs re part of an amateur ti nf~ao5dJl"tictl c I onts Wlieat led t'AIt year of this servroo was .It4emar1ugoyoeges.elle; there came round a a. +,thesbsaiflehMt rlume,' brlnging with it, r swmesdinadatemai ntheVolouneerReview. 1 I. d odeddid?stbr?siesBminlitsarypromenadea,eon. .", rib tiaetieea trd thea did to little else than e it eIoea nedno but I thought I would . ,batl 4thaW deep eh was to be held in the wadighiedtbb .tiftolfoheetrr, my bhithplses, en, h uemop?adle'bM itande, bet to which I had \+ e4.aname ' ?r tsigteen year.. I thought I . Id teuhtblikedi fNl the old and ones familiar $ sp"e.el1 t*?Md ?tpl.sd improved and grown g r'a.bthslieOalhb?a eturing town, and I wasee eorlane if not sentimental, on the sebject. or Mp ,Bk lcsmliadJe?le were low, and, ,w b slthdse).*I 'I doOld go inexpensively *,- entsal fedl thtfidrdayswith the regiment, o : Ionate'daidt ta ehd tuoe uninterrupted * t5teSatthll n'oepdertd'?ve my onriosity, cr:" and Iteih l et w'PI i'ad'full play, Si i, IeIieesaiwld4Unda eeda',Wdfki'ftho town on v: tbawh~nwiqwo n head nirihatea when they cI. .msh*dteeig edO 5" "W i43, on ?nAtdldrlM,'latledd ?bpe>erabStf heath and r c...mdewseadf?et*at5s thb'hibhrlibdtii6s'od was . dkStgkuisle?astulo d aealendeidetatel.roand ,.,feIstbI ?tdeqrredaw1dlete,i'nd thisdili' trmer -rntdeyhalubhstekmalM4voiririfhltmtb a ofcnjiioe e 1:Ntlr iled 4adlbet titiditt ob'fldshicaister o :tedeadqcleis ththirietiref rtiseA"nobr: n'ua a ebletetliist -I'w*dld "try'ibd"'i idot a' o ol. llr s* ati a i at?oredtrh ilte Po?llt e f ?,'e ketni moPrtr, velli oftened tIn e mMfuisu ttldld _ 'e • ,lolm amldgpga ii ll.' lb? t'lor. rIdo thetdiai ewitfrrit o lt, It, ? [cilia de a t epblený' .u1 Ce lm thsl'b'~h !1edt m .O+ tlc lsd4llocoi5.9 dm Mt* a'Lilosr ftdi Adeey t oeeekiiidlsg 'ran lteo a W so rc sezM,1444 t icttird c**coro thdlC 'L adrjl~sc4 i ~ gisr -lrb~rtar as 0ao oanroe, for at TIe next door-the only other cooopied tenement-there was wntling to les; the row did not appear to have be.n finished more than a few weeks. The landlord was at home when I knooked, aend a brase plate on the door informed me that his tame was Oarteaek, engineer and surveyor The next door. too, number five, had another plate on it with the name, * Di. R.phdae Oarutaok, Surgeon. eto.' In reply to my inquiry, the engineer b gerd me to walk lin. 11s was ffudvely polite,. btot his voice wr harsh, unpleasant, and not withrut a faint foreign asoent. 'Wooll I be so good as to look at the rooms?-on the first Boor, back and front rIe was rore he would make me comfortable. His daughter inlaw wase an excellent nook -she lived next door with her hesband, and came o sod nout to attend upon lodgers.' The terms being low, I went upstairs to inspect. & comforsable sitting.rnom with bed-roam adjoining behind, both simply but neatly furnsheed; the bed alone ealling for any epeeial mention. It wase somewhat pecullar-teklnog, from being very low, iron without hanginge, and for a single person I agreed to engage he apartments for th' inside of a fortnight. * You have some toi ake part in our great military display. sir' said Mr. Carstack, watohing me as I stood my ile iSn a oornse and unslung my knapsack, for of course I was in uniform, and in heavy marohiog order-rather .more heavy perhapI than beotme a soldier. "Ah I it will be a fine disploy-good practise and exeellent treeinin. It tt as admirable movement, this. My son is a Volunteer and a aspital shot, but he has not much time-doctors are busy men.' I expressed satilefotion, and the voluble landlord continued : As yen are here so soon, you will perhap* enter the rifle oompetltion, whlih takes plare thbis week on the moor. There are many priesa- some very valuable, and open to ail. comer., some.' ' Ah I indeed ?' I said; ' Iam glad to know that. Certainly I shall go in for a lIttle shooting. There shuld be an excellent range to be found on the moor.' ' Oh I yes, first rate, ir; but exouee me, yOU seem to speak as ift you knew the plane. You are, perhaps, no stranger?' ' No; I knew Goldoeheter year, ago.' 'Beally? Do you know many of the inhabitantt?' ' No; I euspeat notuow. Most of those I knew are dead, and otherse would not remember me.' 'It Is long, then, eine you were here? Many years perhape?' continued Otrltack. inquisillvely, and eyeing me fortively. ' And your name, sir ? your name might be known, tf not yourself ' ' My name I.s Garratt-Biohard Ganrat,' I answered,' but I doubt if any of my family are to be found in Goldehester now.' He appeared struck by the name, started at it almost, and then regarded me more oouriounely than ever. "' But now, perhaps, you will get me some thig to eat,' I went on, a little boned by she man's curlosity and manner. I had rapidly made up my mind that I did not lIke him. He had a sinister arpeat and a bad faoe, though he was fairly good- looking; dark, about sitly, and deoidedly not wholly Eaglish. The effeot my name produced on him set me wondering if I could remember his as onnected with the town, and after a bit 1 did seem to recover a dim memory of It. Yes; it certainly was suoeiated somehow with my early days, but too vaguely to give me a lead as to any eircomstances connected with it. I am natorally taoioure, and on his oeoasion I felt unusually depreseed. The return to the old place, the reoollections it brought beak, and the reference the man had mode to my possible acquatotanese ia it, revived memories not exhilarating. So after awhile I went forth fora stroll while my meat was preparing. In the couree of the ramble,. I esme acroes the head quarters of the local corpe, where a placard anonunced, with the fall partioulars of the roles, entries, eta., that the prianr fbr the Grand R fle Competition on Goldetone Moor were ' now on view.' I read, became interested, and went into the building. I determined to enter myself at least for the All-.omse' ' Prie--a handeome lilver-gilt goblet, with a puree of twenty sovereigns, and there it stood amongst others on a sort of counter in front of me. I thought I should like. to poll that off; it would be very ecooptable, and I was prepared to beak my skill. I did so, by paying the necessary small fees to the attendant had my name and that of my corpe entered In the of?oll I lit of competitors, and then looked over It. Amongst them was the name of tRaphel Oarslatk, doubtless that of my landlord's i son,.the doctor. The bshooting was to take place on the two I following days, so I determined that I would I not give way to the sad memorist which the I neighbourhood revived, and that I should infinitely prefer two or three days on the open, breezy moor, after all, to spending them in wandering about the now, to me, lonely streete. Everything was satisfaotory and comforts able at the lodging., but the bedatead still attraoted my attention. When stooping to look at it, I Stied to push ite head sloe op to the wall; to my amazement I found it could not be moved. The short lege were riveted to the flor. Wa- ther ever such a queer errangemeot? And what sould be its purpose? It stood ieolated, facing the window, but, as I say, not with its head olose to the wall; the epase of a foot at least was between. Well, I couad not make it not, so I turned in and slept soundly, I may note that a seeond door in the room appeared to commuoioate with the next house, but bad no look nor any sign of fastening on my side. It seemed to be a bfixtre, solid and without any apparent meaus of boing opened. The next morning I could not refrain from questiont?g the young woman-the daughter. in law-who served my breakfast, about the bed, She appeared unable, certainly on willing, to erpatlate on the subjeot. It was some invention of her father's; he was always inventing one thing or anothjr--he didn't understand them. A comely, intelli. gent, but ad 'and oared looking woman, neat, handy, and attractive, but not quite of the stamp ono expeots to find in the wilt of a medioal moan ; nor did her oocupation harmoolie wither position. Ae she was about to leave the room bhe glanood baok at one, and, putting her finger to her lips, said, lowering her voles : ' Den's Ieatboot that bed. lir, Don't soem enrprised' at it. Teke my adviee.' Then, walktiog elosee up to me,.ehe whie. pred: 'Keoap good friende with them--my father and hneband I mean.' Stortloed and urpried for a moment, I did nIot Ep Ak, anrd she WAs gain about to leave tlle roJm when I ctlled her'baok peremp tkrily. •'"Whdn do you mean?' I asked. I keep o5ood rliende with everybody, I hops; your father and husband are not likely to glive me bade'to'break my habit, I esuppose ?' .'Iehi le not; bSl theyare dangeros' to i' dt'lono have you been married ' 1 'Ndtmlo'"moltho. and I wriah I'd never ' e"Deo ynutrbashlnd ill treat you?' Noo q"i.( the •m very 'near, B1S I'm afreldof thdel both.' '"'Tdloseeeeetiert'?g in hereyes, and' she a-?lited'd the "pint of unburthenlog her itil? i f~ithet b he" 'lwootetep il the piaeage bldaw?eea'e'noible, tbd'? Ahe flier from the rmo'tlk'e Afrilhteotrdoliare. I ~Stdfilofeatly mstel5tiall thie,' Ithought a ,lo teaeri?ortel. I e''std keep my eyes *?eoa"' Th'dn.:tl'a ht &h; qie comflrlnble frio anonefm annd, Iooradr iemy shooling xpeeitioate blioultred mjsofikl, and io the oaouradlt'hi~nabdhdoad 'fhd finylelf one of bny. stretlere',hoD 'wre 'wendling their A brigbMr akd tlvelt"dirig' :'morning, oi:hoOt wind, and-with loft. rebdued, yet alqex. iigb ,lln?M rlth4*~a enl lho) could .,r .o n r $?hs f e ,,od, aqwl th 0? ,t tr o/ r ?nOu .j,.rs~ ~ lt' I i,;oPLk A~ names e?d qoualiotioese .ateesed., and our rifei 'duly ezamined, after in Ocastomary loose and happy-gs.luoky sysltem. or want of system whieb was adopted in tbose days, we marched to the range in obarge of a militia sergeant, zad went through the preliminary sietges f the Oompeittioo. All tbis I p~ra over. ' It is enough that, in the eoures of the afternoon, I and three others stood out . l the foir highest esorers, qualifled to shoot off the last si?ge Three others, and as their names were galled out, I noted that of Btphael Carsteak. One look left no do.ihi that he was the son of his fathet-?elike him as he eould lstre-and stare he did at me consiterably. Nor dii I tail to return his goae. for ii ha4 gradually grown upln me that I knew hie face. At last osaught it, btl only je"t before we had arrived at the critical moment of the centest He and I had made the two highest soares out of the four with a tie, aod were about to sbool it cff, at eighthaundred yards. die was to fire first, and as he dropped on his knee in position, he gave me about as malioous a look as human eyes are capable of, and it wae that lock which told me where I had seen him before. He was that young reeloilerant fellowin my old no napay who had iosulted me on pradte five years aIo I Surely an ominous coincidence this-cur being brought together agaio under these alamlentanoe- and in afore direct opposition than ever I Whether his temper, stirred by hie old animoelty and ionreased by onur present pooeiion, oaficted hie ehooting, I do not know. But in his five rounde he failed to score what was possible by some three or four ponlte-the oonerquoene being that I went in, bheat him esily, and was pronounced winner of the prise. The venom in his eyes, it la ooedles to aay, was not diminilbed after this, nor did any oivil effort of mine at eonuiliatton affeot it. I thooght it better not to refer to the past-he appeared to do the same. The few words we exchanged referred almost .eztluelvely to the busoiness on hand; and although I made some referenootomy hving taken upmyabodender hie father's roof, he ignored that fact, being too muoh ocsopied Io tbemeal he was making off his own heart with disgust, mortlfealioo, and haited of me, for having enatohed the goblet and the twenty pounds from his greep. Am the end of the day, as I returned to the lodgings, I thought to myself: SWell, whatever his young wife may have maeant, fate has ordainesd that I bshould fly in the very face of her advice I' I had quarrelled most effectually with one member of her family, and by no fault of my own. As bed time arrived, my mind naturally reverted more than ever to the girl's rleloeace about that mmoveable bodestead, and I gave it eloser examination. This showed me that the legs dropped Into little sookets or holes to the floor, and could not be lifted out of them. This looked as if It might be coonneted with the' room beneath. Then what was beneath ? Merely the ground floor bank--lhe landlord's leeping apart. ment. The window overlooked the garden behind. Spring twilight still liogered in the sky, and, as I looked out, I saw father and son down at the end of t' e gasdeo among the bushes alose to the river. They were both attentively regarding my window at the instant I draw up the blind. Wash they saw me they faced round, as if disliking being caught spying. There was nothing in all this, very likely ; yet after what had peased it was not to be overlooked. Again Isoon trned in, but did not sleep well, At first I wa strangely reetless, and later heavily drowsy and dream-troubled. Yoong Cersaek and bhis father appeared to be lesaning on either side of the bed, and then one beeame my own father-long dead. Then they both stooped over me, and they both had my father's face cloee to mine. Then I was out on the moor by the batts iring was going on, bullets whizeed round my bead; one struck me on the arm. and I ?sw in the distance that it had been fired by young aretaok. He waes almieg at me again I In my frantio efforts to get under shelter I awoke. This sort of thing seemed to go ao more or less all night bat when up and dressed Idid tdid feel mooh the worse. There awaited me on the breakfset table a somewhat bulky enveslope, containing a large letter forwarded to me by my landlady at home, to -whom I had sent my address the night of my arrival in Chbester Terrace. As I was about to tear the outer envelope I notioed that it was soiled, and on a closer orotiny It looked very mooh as Ii it might have been damped and opened after it had been stuck down. Yees, it certainly bad been tampered with. Again, I fanoled that the enolorure,a long blueenve'ope like alawyer's, had been treated in she same way. How. aver, I did notlstop to eonlider, for I was Ignorant of the handwriting and ourious to learn rhesontesnl. I wasn ot aoustomed to receive lawyer's letters. Wall indeed might I have been oarlous, for the douooment anoounced that, most unexpectedly, a certain valuable property, actually in tioldeheeter itself, had been leta me by an unole just deceased. It had belonged to my father, but, bhrough some irregular teehoialitly in his will, had not devolved upon me at hbi death as I knew It ought to have done. Ten years ago I had had a lawluit about this property, and lost it. And now here it was bequeathed o me I My unclte and I had quarrelled over it, and had not met foryears. [ did not koow till this moment even where h ae d been living. And now i turned out he had lived and died in Goldahobter, and had been buried the day before my arrival. The letter came from a looal lawyer, had been sent to my home,and forwarded thence to me here again at Goldohester. Stranger slill, and yet still stranger-the property oonsaeted at the very land on whlch thil new suburb, with Ohelter Terrace in the oantre of it. had been bnilt, Taes discovery, atrived at only after tlose and attentive perusal of the letter now in my bhad, literally took my breath away. Tae bare feote here oondensed most be aeaepted as suflioient, briefly to explain a very com. plloated businesa . Bans hey are the facts, and that is all that is wanted. I did not spend that day as the rifle range, as may be goessed. It was mainly pseeed in the eollolior's oBoe, and with him In visiting my ncole's residenoe-a new house recently hbuilt on the estate. A bhildless, lonely, no. lovel old mat, the solclitor seemed to have been nearly lie only friend. That gentleman, in the aoonre of our long coofabulation, told me many thiogs eoneruaing hm ; one mlater especially adding considerably to the erlouns oculo denoesl wbioh hd already asooitted me with the Oraltesotk. II eems that my onatle's will, by whiob I nloherited, had been made four years prelously, but Ihat aebouta week before his death, he had had another drawn, whio he, forlunately for me, had not signed. By It he hbad lets that notable estate to uoue other than young Mr. Raphael Oarsntaok, the duetor who bad been attoodingoq him ever mine he settled nla She noighbourhood. 'He is a sharp, knowing fellow, that,' said the lawyer, 'and aoquired great in.o flaenae over your unale. I am only .urorieeS that he did sot lake care to see that the will was eeonted. Idrew both op She doca meots, 'and hoav them in my possessioo, and I was daily eopcoling to be eummoned to the old genotleman with hibe meond one, hIbLat he might aigJo it. It ilse etrange how people ebeuge their mind.. Feoolr years ago, when he we first ill, your oanle was keenly anilous that you, shoold have the property-made you bhi eaeunator with me-told me he regretled havoing availed himsell of the legal inanooraoy, wbhiob gue it to him Ioaestead of to you. T?en lhis young deooler gat hold of him, mesmarised him, a one may say, I sup poe, lor a whlie, and induoed him to alter the disposition at hie wealth; and yet the old man oole not msake up hie mind to dll. posete you. A.oyway, you have nothlog Io tbhank th dotor tfar-nor he, yen, for the matter of hab--there will be no lore lost between 'you.' N No, tuded,', eI exoalmo ind then I ts. ouned to the eliollor my: exjrlerienes ol the Cartres anly. ' * Tee.' he ald. ' it ils very odd, ertainty, that you goiog abere as Sbo lodger,', hold a01ually, while uoler thbilr rooIbi tranes omad intoutu thegnonad dosd l6 th whtel Tai "I o eJ 'auta hI getW .pw h'ot balet opte-em+i toeld.i .eo.hv uo-ereborenudhl y neutrrod toe doetors antmueisty loan by ecatiag him oat of the property.' SPeMhaps it would be as well,' Sld the lawyer, ' fr, to tell you the trtbh, neither fether notr on l quille beyond sfap!olo. The elder mae origtailly lived io a very low pars of the town, and name there no one exietly knowsi whae o why. Pnere is a ufmour riat one time in hie late he wasee kept in retiremest for his omotry's good, and lthoough bhi son is folly qualdied to prastiee. it n said that, as a medical tandoen toin L don, he was sonoectod with aOme prooessor of meaeneriem and spirit. rappion, a sehrlatea who had to mat himeolf s?ores. I hbolJd never be astonished to hear that this fellow hea to do the same some day. He has iittle or no practice--eems to he very needy, and I have heard that he and hie father toot thaee two ai:l oiog hoase iLn Coe.ter Terraen with the idea of retatlibhing a eort of mesmeric hbupital, or somethnllg of anat klod. The ted you meotibn, protaoly, is some scherme in that dilsetion. ' What does he nertify my untei died of i [ "-ked sieti8oiantly. SAngina Pctoori ; hut I believe that's all straight enough. It would have been Careeoak'e palioy to have kept him alive as long as he oouid, or noUa that aseood will was signed.' Further onildration deltermined me, now shab money was no object, to move to one of the hotels; but the thr.e beet wtre qite toll. owing to the infox of visitors and vountleers for the review. Poor obher attemple to get into scoad.alate inns failed for she same reason. Tihe I laughed at my weaknest. What had I to fear at Onlster Terrace? Bleio there, there I would asty until the review wasee over. My -eoIeouotor, the lawyer and I dined together that alght. We .teoded that I shoold tay nothing to the OIeioaks om the otlroon way in whion fate had mixed the young doctor with my affairs. I would wailt apld se i they took any notioes of it. The lather let me in, handed me a chbamber andle with his neoal politeness, but made no referente to the matter, and I loIally went to b.d, sleepiog fairly well. Bit the followiog niaght-the Good Friday Eve maserts eame to a elimax indeed. Nutting partioular oooarred at the distributiln of the prises, which took place in the aterooon I received mine from he hanuds of the Mayorets of Goldohetlor, and broughi it home. Mr. lRphael Oarttack did not show up, and his father sold me apologetically that he had a patient to sea at a great distanse, and probably would not return home till the morrow. The fellow ostentatiously inspected and admired the goblei, eyed the parse cunningly, and congratolated me. Naturally I liked him less and lesl the more Isaw of him, and now that bedltime had again some roond, I had a greater distaste thanever for my sdituatio. But for .he latenes oof the hboor, I really think I woold have gone out and hired a bed at any common publiohoote. Ba Imuast pues over the conflict of feeling with whiob, about midoight, I lay down for the last time on Ibat bed that oould not be moved. The silence of the house and neighbour hood was entirely undisturbed. The moon light hbone dimly through the half onrtalned window. I was tired, and all but my troubled, misgiving spirit eaemed pro pitious for sleep, and to sleep I went in time. How mush of what followed was dreeam, and bow muooh reality-exoep the sod, wh'th was real enough, heaven knows - tl is impossible to dotermioe. But here is my experience. As had ooourred two nlihte before, it seemed to me that she father and son wore on eithber tide of the bed, bending over me, hot always with my Own father's face in eash case; bhot not, as previously, creating any distrees in my mind. Their preseenc rather had a soothing effoot now than other. wise; so soothing that, after a while, I dreamed that Ihey were eending me to sleep; and I know no more of how long I to se mained, or what happened in the interval, ontil-well, unotil I loend myself plunged into the ioecold water of the river at she foot of the garden, swimming for dear life to the hbank ! I am no psychologist, and do not pretend to explain what mental condition I ned passed into; but the end of that condition, whatever it was, is simply that I was aroused from it by fiding myself in the midsl of the deep, flowing river, the full moon shiniog bright and high above my bead, glittering on the water and revealing all objectls a clear u day. Fortunately, I was a good swimmer; otherwise I mlst have been drowned. As it was, after the plunge-how taken I know not -I came to the surrtas wide awake enough, at may be supposed, and, before I bhad time almoet to be surprised, was standing safe on the shore in my ?lght-dress. Then ucbh a turmoil of amasement, inoredulity, and breathless wonder, not enoingled wllh terror, took posselsion of me that, for many minutes, I could only lean, panting, agalnet a tree. ire I had in the lest steadied my mind, the two Carloatks stood beside me with . out-tretehed haads, proffere of assistance, and wild expressions of surprise and horror. 'Good heavene, sIrl' they eried, simul taneously, 'what hie happened? Walt have you been doig? Yoo most have beea walking in your sleeoop ' I oooud not answer, and the elder con. iinned: 'We heard your door open; my son had lull returned, and we ware sitting talking. We hsard your door open, I say, and your footlllps goiog downstairs;' we heard you unlook the baok door and go out ; and when you did not some baeck arer several minutes, we thought it so strange that we both came out to look for you, and then we suddenly saw you standing here I What can i1 mean? Pray come indoors. Let u help yon.' B;ill bewildered, but gradually recovering somewbat of my preetnoe of moruled. I hbarried with them back to the holse, Into the land. Inrd's front room, where there was a fire. Nothiaog could be more solioloni than their behaviour. The young doetor gave me some brandy, and they both axtively helped to dry and reolothe me. It woold be Impatsible to recount ln detail a tenth.part of what was said on either hand. 8?oh a conflfit of astonishment, ant solilotlue, and attempts at explanation went on in wild and disjointed eprenions, that I suppose two hours pasted before I wetl upetairn agaln; the outoome being that there seemed os way of aesonaoting for what had happened save the origlall one offelred, namely, that I had keen walklng l my eleep. Tls I doubtedifom the frst. I had nevaer done eob a thing hbefore-knew perfeotly well I had nlrer bets subjeO to tom. nambolism. Oese again lione ina myroomse, an examina tiot of them threw no light on the meatter. The bed merely looked a. II would when one leaves it after rellelse sleep, and the looklese |lde door into the nextl house remined frm bhul. Tbhe pries puree, however, with ice twenty overelllUs, whith I had plaoed in my trouiere pocket, hbd dileppeared I The galerment had been brought to me when dretries below astire, and the money might hsve fallen out there. Bu I was too habkened and fatigoed to ditresll myself forther then, so I dropped loto the eey Shsir in Ibhetlinag. room. Tre spring dawn soon began to break all was perfeaoly still onceo more, and I wae beginning to dese, when the verp faiolest sounJ ol a footetep on the landinog arouaed mo. The door opened, and Mre. ltphoel entered, more setared and fear.trilokeo Ibhan seer. 'I esaoot see murder done,' ale whIt. peall burriedly, i abhe oame tip-toe towards me. Lsrve this houlle. H mide you do what he wlthed. I have heard him bolst of eouh thiege. I ' mtde yoe walk ol your own aeoord linto the river, hopingl yoan would drown,. They little thought I ws watllohiog. I dare not stlop to eplaino if locold. Tiey might beer me, end would aerve me' the a .-thbeyl will mnake away with me rome day, I know. Promie not to let out whatI nay-only don't trlue that bed a o, and don't speak o m,, Prmie tlo be I vsinly tried to detailo her. asehe then flew from the room, ard I h·ud her, a fee minuta lrater, lightnlag thbo fire down in the intoeo withb an solientatioo of noslle. It ave jusoE Is I hea aItp'tt.l, then I Tho .ztraordslary oonaoitiuo whlb bad ovter taken me was due to sorne metPrsiouo irickery ondeoted with thb t bed--lrm esegaoelreIrle hanky-piaky 1o whics this youn dosor millght have become as adept through 'his former maooiiston with thet spirtlsrapping impostor spoken of by tihe lawyer. arls wt my nomolouton as 'soomae . id time to poll my wits together. W1o tle precise nature of bthe prtOoe waeg, n one. probeoly. Oaold eay. Nir. for the aihe of the poor woman, would I inquire to., ourtooey-s loesn, noe for the presens. oiqually foe her oske I had a?statlod from a*.ntg COLrresUk aboul the bed proevtlaty. Nol I would qoui the bouse Imrthwith, but itnoon. if poa.in?l, arouelog Soepiaojn; and, if possible, withbout eneoltering these rwo villeing agle Tnerefore, I ao?oloyed the next bar la qulestly paek eg my koapseak and bag, ete. At seven o'oluok I went dowlssals, feeliicglnre Chit the man wooali be asllep, and oalling quletly to lMrs. lphaiel, said: ' I am glola out, but shall be baok to ireakfasti as te.' tihe I harried away, folly aoaoutred, and reaubad my frlnof the lawyer's before he was up An explanation followed, 'sad w.. ldealed to send one of hi. clerks to poy what I owed in C?lseer Terrane. sod to say that I was onoaxpetedly prevented from retarnlng. Tonu I paeetd he G ,od lflrty, and, eoneeitring all bhings, 'esiled to give up the review and retoon bome on the Situoay), and did so. My changed fortunes imp'ied a chanugd life, involving mathL. buinea.. Wateaver slws I migt ha bve formed for ultimately looking lurther inmo my my? teriaus experienoe, oil, if poe+ble, of panikblng the onlprlte, were never carried nol, for the simple measone thab? · ilin a fortalght, letters from my eolieitor coOtbined be following information: SYour friends, tbe COarteaks, are in trouble The` wife of the yoanger was yesterday mornIng found dead in ner bad, and there is so muob mystery, I am told, about the esose of her death, that father and eon lie under grave esopiion.' Later on, the followinlg ame to hand: S-?oe inqoset bhai failed to solve the mystery. All She doators meld say was that deatb had arisen from failure of the boarti' solin, though bow eaoael, there was no avl denoe so show. A verdioi to that ete.ot, therefore, was returned. Bat that there was fool play eomehow may be inferred from the faet ehat the two Cartakobs have bolted. One does not know exactly yet what is going to be done with their belongioge. Mean while, ao exrminalion of the two hoases hba led to the discovery of an eleotrio battery of great power plated dircotly beneath your re mirkable bad and connected with it; whilst wires from it were ofndoated to anotlhe bed in the doolor's house ezltoly slmilar to tours, and on which shepo r woman was found. I am not soletiflo, and do not prete ,d to as plain the working of sunh inysteriou forces ; but these dlaooeries bhave been sofolent to iniuoe the authorities to l1sue warrants for the apprhenetion of both men, on the hobrge of contriving tbe death of young Mrs. Caerae-k .' They were never auenght- never heard of again at Goldahse:., This wele i'1864 Lset year I paid a visit to the Sateid, and, in a pros4retoe town, far away in the W.est, a doetor had established bimself, who pro feesed to ueffo wondrous eurer by eleoatrilty and melmei-nm. A pampble;, loaned by him, on the queoak donior pattern, fell inlo' my bandse. I i I read, amirst a mass of impudent verbiage, his argullnnt to tbe oielt that, as electrioity was a mirvelloous agent in eoring hysteria, epileptio l:s, sto., so oould it be turned to uselul scoanot as a great mesmerlo curative srgen, on the prinoiple of like ouring like He urged that soothing, benesiial trances sould be produoed by the patient realoinigen acertain bed, which he had pateoted, and lbrough which galvanism oould bh applied after the mannar in whloh eleoirio baths are given. Need it be said that these words stlroo me? [ took a look at hIs eatablisbment, and found hat it sailed itelf ' The Meemerio Hospital,' soo-deted by Dr. Gableton. But as strange oiusridenoee seemed destined to be assoitatuo rith this matter to the last, I happened, whilst gasing at the house from the opposite mide of bShe street, to observe a mlddle.aged man somes no, io whom I had noadlftlolty in recogoising, despite the lapse of more than twooty years, Mr. Rsphael Oarsaeok. HIe tit not ase me, and, as I was passing through lee place, I did not think it my business to roble myself wlth bhim or his doings. But lbe fact makes a sigotoanl eand to my story, whiob, perbaps, would not have bsse written but for i.-"Ali The Year Bound." 