THE TOBACCO AND CIGAR DUTIES. Tf» THK RTITTrm Sir — It is refreshing to turn from the :owardly statements of anonymous writers ike ' Snburban' to such straight hitting out xom the Bhoulder as is displayed in the com miLLuuauuii jl iux. ur. o. rowier. iur. cowier evidently regards ' prohibition' as theologiang regard the mysterious and indefinable sin against the Holy Ghost. Last year I was travelling in Italy, and procured a permit to visit the Government tobacco fac tory at Rome. Explaining to the Director that from force of education I couldn't manage to smoke Italian tobacco or cigara, and would be obliged if he would tell me where I could get some American manufactured, the reply was ' E prohibita,' which meana it is forbidden. In reply to a similar question in Paris the answer I got waa ' Defendu,' which means that the im portation ia not allowed. In Germany I was equally unfortunate. Mr. Fowler will tell me that these are benighted protectionist countries, and he is quite right ; but — ' tell it not in Gath, publish it not in the streets of Ascalon, lest the daughters of the tmcir enmqised rejoice'1— I found myself no better off in England. I went from Charing Crosa to Temple Bar, from Temple Bar to Ludgate Circus, thence to St. Paul's, thence along Cheapside to the Mansion House in the vain hope of getting a fig or ping of American tobacco in the metropolis of the world. 1 have now before me the price-list of a Co operative store in London. The lowest quota tion for English-manufactured tobacco is 43. 10d., for American cut tobacco 11s. 4a. per lb.,and there ia a significant warning that the Arrerican manufactured tobacco is not guaranteed full weight. If this is not pro hibition I don't know what the word means, but there ia worse to come. Whig and Tory Governments have come and gone in England, and of late years both parties have professed fiee trade ; yet, strange to say, tney have both agreed in prohibiting the growth of tobacco in the United Kingdom. Mr. Fowler says, 'To no other industry do we sacrifice £24,000 per annum, that being the difference between the duties paid on leaf and what would be paid were the entire imports of the manufactured article.' We may be very foolish in this matter, but what mnRf: Vip paiH nf t.ViA 'Rrifinh ft/wprnrnpnt- wlin Bacnnce over K4,5UU,WU every year Dy not compelling British manufacturers to pay the Bame duty on leaf as on American Negrohead and Cavendish. It would be an interesting problem to discover into what pockets this enormous sum of money finds its way, as the English tobacco manufacturers and retailers are lor the most part in a chronic state of depression. The canny Scot is somewhat better off, but tobacco is Sd. per lb. dearer in Edinburgh than it ia in London. In all the controversies on the tobacco question I have carefully avoided any re ference to the other ingredients used in the manufacture of tobacco for two reasons — 1\. These things constitute the secrets of tbe trade, and akilled manufacturers are not likely to communicate to rivals or the public what it has cost them perhaps a lifetime to discover or a fortune to purchase. 2. 1 don't want to tell any lies. If I can't get what I want without hum bugging and deceiving people I prefer to go without ; but Mr. Fowler is entirely mistaken in saying that ' increased moisture is nsed, as admitted by the manufacturers, to the extent of from 7 to 10 per cent.' 1 have never admitted anything of the kind, and Messrs. Cameron &, Co. have printed a state ment that their increase from moisture is 2 per cent. One part of Mr. Fowler's letter ia really unkind. He says, ' Impose the prohibitive extra 3d. which they ask for, and are unanimous in endeavouring to obtain, and the same unanimity will produce an agreement aa to prices which has been before; and with outside competition removed, the consumer will be the sufferer.' An old pro verb says, ' Two of a trade will never agree,' and every attempt to secure unanimity in prices in Sydney, Mel bourne, or Adelaide has not only been a complete failure but has engendered a large amount of bitterness. It is not long since the manufacturers of Adelaide met to con sider the desirability of taking concerted action in regard to the tariff. One of them proposed an agreement about prices, which led to such an acrimonious discussion that the meeting broke up in confusion. So far from combining against the public dissen sions in the trade have prevented manufac tui era, distributors, and retailers from getting a fair return for their labour and capital, and although the Treasurer ia now levying 6d. per lb. extra at the Custom-house, which 6d. meana 7d. to the retailer, a number of ahor- keepers are notifying that they continue to sell at the old prices. Considering the number of tobacconists who have had to retire from the business, it is very evident that the game has not been a losy one in the past, and does not promise to improve in the future. I ami Sir, &c;, ROBERT DIX30N. Light-square, Adelaide, AuguBt 26. 