Our Sea-Bathing. IF Tax residents of this town wish to maintain the popularity of Portland as a waternng place no time must be lost in arriving at a decision whereby better bathing accommodation may be secured In this respect the town has been won derfully unfortunate this season, for while the natural beauties of the town as a sea-side resort have induced a large number of residents in, localities less favorably situated and not possessing the exhilarating and fresh atmosphere of Portlandi to visit our peltv town, on .n hands the disappointment felt at the bathing accommodation has been of a somewhat unpleasant nature. It has been a source of continual annoyance to daily notice our once fine baths being gradually rendered of little or no use for the purpose for which they were erected. The silting has not been the work of a month, as for more than a year the evil work has been noticed to be increasing, and the climax has been reached within the past few weeks, and at a time which could not have been more unfortunate for the town and the many visitors spending their-summer months with us. To have a continu ance of three warm das in Portland in succession is almost a novelty, but our previous records in this respect have just been broken, for almost an entire' week of unpleasantly warm weather for this locality has just been experienced Unlike most other towns, even at the seaside, the evenings have been cool and pleasant, for there has searcely been-an evening during the continuance of the warm weather which has not been ren dered delightful out of doors by a cool and invigorating sea breeze, and the full and pleasant enjoyment of which almost dispels the unpleasant associa tions of the day itself, cools the resi dences and permits of sweet Nature's restorer-balmy sleep-to be enjoyed with as great pleasure as in ordinary weather, and undisturbed by any of the numerous plagues in the form of insects which are in many places equally as greatly dreaded as the heat of the sun at 90 degrees in the shade. With such a continuance of hot weatherit is not to be wondered that a dip in the clear blue sea was looked upon as a luxury, and that the number ofbatherswaslarge, but owing to the silting up of the Cor poration Baths, and unusually low tides during this warm weather in particular, there hasilot been: any great depth of water in the enclosure, and murmurings and complaints have been heard in every direction. Certainly the bathing has not been confined to the baths, for the bathing boxes on the beach have been repaired and made available for the use of ladies. These have been liberally patronised. and the bath has no doubt been enjoyed, but not to the extent it would have been had the plunge taken place in an enclosure where there was ample water for all purposes and in which the rude gaze of the public was not permitted to penetrate. The male .portion, however, have not been allowed to use the -boxes on the beach. They have had to be content with the baths or walk a considerable dis tance along the bluff to have their bath, and even then this has not been accom plished without some, unpleasantness and fears of pioceedings being taken for we learn that an officer of the law one morning 'last week visited the vicinity of the Xorth Bluff and took the names of a number of bathers, but what further steps are to be taken we have not ascertained. In 1879 the Borough Council' passed a bye-law permitting persons to bathe on the beach north of Otway street, and a post was driven in the bluff to mark the livicio Le tween the spaces alltted for each h_.. On the completion of the C"orora:i.,: Baths the 1879 bye-law woa iepcaled, and another passed which probibited all bathing on the beach between Observa tory Hill and the North Blaf. and to the best of our knowledge this bye-law 1 has not been rendered inoper ative.. The repealing of the first b e law and the bringing into operation of , the second appers to hare been for gotten, even by the members of the lorough Council themselves, for lately, bathing on the .bechhas been freely: indulged 'iii b thiliik iseic, -'a, believe, keeping within the bounds pre- I scribeldy-the. first brye-law. 1The l Bnrough Cs(acilc' silr the goodintei. tion of iving as much, latitude for thi, as possible duinthe piet - season. agreed to repair the ladies bath iingbxes'ried the 'ight ?f l f' etting them was placed in'the hands of the success fal tenderer for the Corporation Baths. In takms.this step the. Borough Council have placed themselves in a somewhat peculiar position, and if bathing is to be permitted on the bench at all both males and feuales should, be' allowed the'asine privileges, and as the tC cil, by handing over the boxes to the lessee of the Corporation~ Baths, havevirt- - allyanted permission for la.i?isto. i bathe on the beach, -the same concesson should be extended to males, care being taken that each should bathe at different places: Under the criumstanices. e can scarcely believe that further action will be taken --to interfere with males bathing on the beach. We"do' not hold with -bathing on the open t beach, even under the most favorable circumstances, but at the same time m a certain sense we feel'that the Borough f Council acted:wisely in permitting such this season. When too late to deal i with the. question_ ..of. providing Snew baths or 'improving -- the t present:ones -- even if' either course was decided upon - it was feared the .present -:-baths would not answer the requirements this season, andthe repairing of the boxes on the beach for use of bathers was a e wise step to tide' over the threatening \- difliculties. Such, however, must not a be the case next jyer.,.It .iajabsolutely, a necessary if we wish to induce visitors, \- to spend their aunmmermonths withaus a that ially y tfi-stcais baths m"i'mbe I provided. ,Bathingon. the beach.will a not do. The popularity of Portlad as B a watering place "has been - steadily bi I creasing, and the progress made in £tis 1 direction during the past two years has t been particolarly.marked, and to'retain the popularity one of the most essential points is undoubtedly bathing accommo a dstion. The orough Counil musttake r this in'b?nld,and the sooner it is brought before the members the better, for no maitter how agreed each councillor may be that such a movement is desirable, a certain time must elapse before the pro o ject is carried out. The improvements mast be cumristied before the bathing season commences so that ample time r may be 'given to make known that L Portland can once more ofer really Sfirt-class bathing accommodation. OBJxCTrioABLE FIACTIcZ.-Our atten tion has been.drawn to a certain matter which should not only lie published but with it the name of the principal actor, and we must confess we did not think there was ayouai m in i ortland who would act in the manner' that has been described to us, and of which we have proof quite sufficient- to know that the information is reliable? A number of ladies visit Lady Bay for the purpose of bathing, and as is well known there is not now at that place any shelter for the use of bathers. But up to a short time since this has made very little difference-the bathers were not annoyed and deemed themselves, as they had good canse to think, as free if not as secure from observation as if in the public baths. But we regret to say that it has been discovered that to a certain extent such is not the case. A person residing on the hill, whose taste must be as depraved as his spirit is mnean, has been in the habit of enscon ing himself in a nook in the cliff at those periods when he knew ladies would visit Lady Bay for the purpose of bathing,. and from his hiding-place gratified his low propensities. Fortu nately he was seen the other evening, and we trust this warning will be sufficient to deter him from a repeti tion of the act if only from shame; if not stronger measures will probably be taken to compel him to do so. HUs. O'GouxAs Au asr.-The lecturess who adopts the title of the escaped nun lectured in the Masonic Hall for the first time on Friday night. The building was well filled. The Rev. Ager occupied the chair. The lecturess spoke for about an hour and three quarters, and was frequently applauded, although there was no great enthusiasm evinced. -liss O'Gorman is a ready and fluent speaker, knows quite well when and with what degree of expression to bring in her telling points, and is per fectly at home on the stage. In fact both her appearance, action and de livery show that she is no novice at her business, and she has unlimited self confidence and knowledge of stage effect As an advocate of woman's rizhts Miss O'Gorman would be a valuable addition to the ranks of the agitators in this direction, but then it certainly would not pay so well as her presentprofession which she doubtless deems an exposi tion of woman's wrongs. Aheartty vote of thanks was passed at the conciusion of her address, on the motion of the Rev. Mr. Kendall, second.d by MIr. E. McMullen. On Saturday afternoon a lecture was given to ladies only, and the hall was again filled. The same evening the third lecture was given entitled "How and why she escaped.' "how she was converted." The lectu ress succeeded again in holding the attention of her large audience right through and was freque:ntl applauded. Onf Saturday night Mr. '. Marriott occupied the chair. A cordial vote of thinks was passed to the lady for her efforts. There is nu nnecessity for our reporting the addresses in full-they have already l.eon circulated in printed form throughout this town. and in con 'ideration of this and the encroachment iuch lengthy reports would make on our -Ipa-ce we have not published them. c: so an I.I :s.-The attention of ,,wner, lf hor-e is directed to an adver tisen:oei:t elsewhere giving particu'ars of the pri'tipal events of the Condah race meeting which is to take place on the 11th March. Car rIELD Races.-There was a very good attendance at these races on Satur- in day notwithstanding the oppressive heat S. The racing throughout was good and as li each event was run the result was 11 wired to us and posted at our ei office. The following is the result:- C Selling Race.-Ariel. 1 Liddington, 2; la The Ghost, 3. The Oakleigh handicap. ti -Srpriae, 1; 1 asterJohn. 2; Chicago, c 3\. Hurdlelace.-Lo-i is, 1; Spartan, 2; Encore, 3. Criterion Stakes.-Albert . Toddou,-1;: Bedouin. 2; Wiihard, I-t -Seep leciae.-Goodwood1 ; Bonlette,9 P 2; Studle,, 3. Hawkesbury Handicap. -Britisher, 1; fi the R~W?t,'; Lesbia, 3. .nics-r -The iaitch" bieteiici Try toria and South Anstralia was continued a on Saturday, Onlriday the first innings of the Tictorians closedforl3. _Th .. Anstralians went in and were disposed 9 of for 170, of which Godfrey made 40, and W. Giffin and Haldane 25 each, f and KnllandLvons24apiece. Victoria 'i their second innings lost five wickets for 13. 3LcIlwraith being top score iti& it , McShane next with 49, and Morris 25. Our correspondent wires_ to-dayr as follows :--The Intercoloniial Cricket Match was continued at the Mel bourne Cricket Club's ground.?to-day I The weather is cool and inclined to rain. The home team's second innings,eventu sted in 230, thus leaving the-visitors 199 runs to secure to get to win in their second innings. The following are the additional scores:--Wood, b Noel, 4; Lewis, b Giffen, 3; Worrall, c Kent, b Gilfen, G; Over, o and b N'oel, 6; 3id winter, not out, 52; sanzdries, 9; total, 230., The South Australians at once commenced their second innings and at one o'clock'the score Lwas-Lyons, Lewis, b Midwinter,, 10; Knill,:a McShane, b Midwinter, 6; G. Giffen,b Morris, 0;W. Gifien not out, 0; Jarvis, not out,-3; total for 3 wickets. 19. Tne Victiiriais iron the match b 14i unat. SConaos I AOaIEED.-The<P ete notifies that the Tarragal and Monzie Farmers Common is aboutto be aboli shed. GCoaxoti DInDi sEn.-It is gazetted .that the Portland Municipal Common is about to be diminished by deducting therefrom 1,100 acres, more or less; of land, beig the portion outside the Borough boundaries. Ltcaxsm o Corny. - The Quarterly .Transfer Sittings of the licensing die tricts of Portland, Bridgewater. and Heywood will be held on March 16. Mi MIsrxsr Is~ vEsw.-In another column will be found a sketch of the interview which took place on Friday between a deputation from the Borough Council and the Hon. H. J. Wrixon. The report merely gives the bare busi ness done. We shouldhave been pleased to give a full account of the proceedings, but owing to being misled in regard to the object of the meeting on Friday morning our reporter was not present, hence the condensed account of the interview. Tai death is announced of his. Henry Wood, the authoress of "East Lyne " and other popular novels, at the age of 66 years. ALL SUyrs' CavacL--In the before mentioned Church yesterday morning at 11 o'clock Missa Cantata or Chanted Mass was .rAtaLbro ed by the Rev. J. O'Donoghue, and Bishop Moore cele boated Mass at 9 o'clock, when he ad ministered the Holy Sacrament to a large number of persons. After 11 o'clock mass all the canidates for confirma tion came to the altar rails. All were neatly and tastefully dressed, and this was more especially noticeable in the younger girls. The female portion of the candidates were attide in white with blue sashes and veil. Before ad ministering the rite of confirmation the Bishop addressed the chiliren in refer ence to tha Sacrament they were about to receive, pointing out its necessity and showing the preparation they should make before reaseiing it. Assisred by the Rev. Father O'Donoghue the Bishop then administered the rite of confirma tion to 30 girls and 17 boys and young men, which finished, the Dishop again addressed the confirmees, pointing out their duties as Christians. and encour. aging them to lead a good and holy life. In the evening again the Bishop gave the Benediction of the Blessed Sacra ment, when the church, which was tastefully decorated, was crowded by a congregation made up to a large extent of members of other denominations. The choir rendered music appropriate to the solemn occasion, and a solo.. Pro paceitus," from Rossini's "Stabat Mater" was rendered by Mr. McCraith as an offertory in his usual capable style, and was much admired by the Bishop. The organ was presided over by Miss Calla ghan. Cosoax Sw.xP.-An advertisemant has been appearing in our columns giving the 2ith as the date on which tenders were to be sent in for the removal of the ford and other works in connexion with the drainage of the Condah Swamp. This is a mistake but the fault is niot our~. 'The date on which tenders must be lodged is the 17th. Thursday nexti It i; to be regretted that the error should have been made in a paper which has such a large circulation as the Guardian, and more so that it was discovered ao late. Bl.rasr SOlow. - We have received the prog'ranm e of prizes for the Belfast Ilorticultural and Floricultural Society's show which takes place on Februar- 22. 'The list is a lone an, varied one, and -bould attract a large number of exhibits. Acc_,r.rs.-At the Receipt of Pay Office accounts await payment to Campbell and Sons and Co.. C. Farr, G. IHighland, F. G. Harris, J, O'Brien. and W. Osbourne. IHorErEi 3[ovas.--Ou Friday night a tragedy was committed in East Me! bourne. In brief the story is that the 1 murderer. Lancaster by name. was arosed from his bed by another man named King. who savagely assaulted him. and went away. Subsejuently King returned, and w' shot by Lan caster. The cause is asignrt by the : Hcraid report to jealously on the part of King throtugh L:n-.?icar obt, ining a situation which he tKing had lost. and suspicion that Lancaster was concerned in. Some bahiina', which King was 1 subjected n, in reference to a police r court ca-e in which he was implicated. Il.r Houu.~~- To-morrow evening a a meeting of those interested in the half holiday movement will be held at a the Lonldon iotel. Weo hope to see a 1 large attendance. t 3MrSICAL ENT RTTStI?I ET.-1 -. ni i t in the parih remu ,fi t. Stephei e Ir'. S. cliuarn:re gi.es his musical an l literary enterta nment entitled I"lld id the World in Eighty ID?s." .' s the entertainment is for a ,ooll cause--the Clervgy est Fend- :o idilt a lare large attendance ri bel1 exl.c "':ed, p' r-l tienlarlv as Mr. )ell irnueys albilis are so well known. Src.an Br.er.--We on Frilyv had a visit from a resident: fi Nel, whio ha: time since procured froi this oifice a parcel of the suocr bet see, l i-, ,uel gatnitously by the ieparutnent rt Agriculture. The seed wai lntedl andi thrlove.wonderf.ly-. -ome of the root weighed a" much as 4,libs. and the average of the whole crp was ilb . But here the advantae endeid-the Leet i immensely reprodu:ctive so far a; quantity was concerned, but there ap peared to be no means of turning it to fminancial account. The fanner we are alluding to, Mr. Fowler. fel his pigs and cows on the root. but beyond this he could find no use for the cr,_. and.therefore had to c-nfine it withini \- certin limits. Mr. Fowler is very anxious to obtain some information in referenco tthe manner in which the beet could be converted into sugar or anuyther. article of human consump .tion, as he is confident he could grow it at the rate of 4-) tons to the acre. CcRE.rr To AnxxxLL..-In the lortico of the local Post-office is posted a large notice issued by the Victorian Society for the Protection of Animals, and it should be read carefully by all who have anything to do with the dumb creation It may be interesting to some to know that for the first offence of this kind (cruelty to animals) a person is liable to a month's imprisonment, second offence two months, and for the third six months. The notice has ap pended this humane expression:- "We speak for those who cannot speak for themselves." 31r. L. Clarke, J.P-, is the local honorary agent of the society. A case in point is as follows : At the Cotllsawood Police Court on Fridays atan was fined £10, in default three months' imprisonment for allow ing his dogto worry a cat in the street Srnmxas.-The s.e Dawn arrived on Saturday night, and came alongside the pier. To-day she has been discharging and loading cargo, and sails again to morrow morning. The Nelson also ar rived on Saturday evening about 6 o'clock and,made fast to the pier. The work of discharging her inward cargo was at once commenced, and her busi r ness was competed thesamenight. She eailedyestherday fternoon at 4.o'clock. FErsr SAL. - In another column I willbe found an advertisement in re ference to the sale of Oaklands Estate, a r property whichk contains .11,000 acres, r comprising rich alluvial flats and other fertile lands- having- river frontages eminently suitable for faiining, vine growing, dairying, and grazing pur. f poses. It has been surveyed in suitable areas, and will be sold on easy terms. f Valuable coal deposits are known to underlie the land. Full particulars can \- be obtained from persons whose ad t dresses are notified in the advertise I ment. A noasisrL attempt at murder is re reported from U)urmsal (telegraphs the Calcuntta correspondent of The Times). SSurgeon-Major Oldham, of the 1st Goorkhas, some time ago dismissed a \- table servant, but on the man's promise to reform took himback. Lately, while Dr. Oldham and his two daughters were at dinner, the servant caunght the elder f Miss Oldham by the hair, drew her head back, and cut her across the jaws \- and neck with a carving knife. Another servant waiting at the time ran out of \- the room, but the younger daughter at tacked the assailant, and managed to get I the knife from him, herown hand being 1 cut severely. He took another knife and r attacked r. Oldham, and a scuffle en Ssueed Eventually the man was secured, and handed over to the police. T Tar Ceatsrton -ers tells us that Mr. 1 Findlay is making excellent progress with his contract for the Casterton \- railway station-master's quarters. The . walls are now sufficiently advanced to enable some idea to be formed as to the \- appearance the bailding will even tually assume. A FrArrL Arrara is reported from t Verviers, in Belgium. An untrained lion. appropriately called Brutus. on be ing let into a cage, with an attendant named Gremier, who had not had time to leave, showed sinuns of great 1 excitement, taking prodigious leaps all I about the cage. and ut:ering appalling roars. Seeing the man in danger, the lion queen, a Madame So?et entered the cage to enable Gremier to withdraw, when the lion rushed at her and fas tened his teeth in the lower part of her face. A professional tamer. Auguste SBonvillant, went to the rescue, and by Smain force opened the lion's jaws, thus enabling the unfortunate woman to totter onut of the cage. A portion of herlower jaw, with some of the teeth. had been bitten away. The savage beast turned I his fury upon Bonvillant, and he and Sthe lion actually wrestled iogether for two or three minutes, the lion savagely biting the man about the chest and ashoulders. Finally, one of the attend. Sants, by attacking the lion with a pitch fork from outside the cage. made him Slet go his hold, and Bonvillant rushed out of the cage and fainted away. Madame Sonmet's life was despaire! ,1f. but Bonvillant was expected to recover. TarI HIrald tells us that the full extent of the injury sustained by " Comn. motion ' in his recent acciden:t has at leng-th been a-certained, and is more serious than anticipated. The great swelling for a time prevented the iitjr from being detenrmined, but it has just; bee:i found that the paint of the shoulder is broken. C(ommotion will never nrace 3auin. ad the llon. W Pearson expressesI great doubt as to whether the horse will not be incapacitated from study lduty, which will Ibe a very great loss as Mr. Pearson last year refused an offer of £d30 for Commuotion to go tso America. MIr.Pl'earson has a colt named Clamour, rising two years old. who is very nearly related to CommotioIn, beiug by l'aris, whoce -ire was Panic. Cla mour is out of Coilmotion's dat, Even ing Star. The colt is found to be suffering from an injury to the point of the shoulder very similar to Commtionus. and has been thrown out of work, it being considered useless to persevere training him. ELr FILT SPorT.--Athletes are re. minded that entries for the IIandicap aId llurdies are to be sent in to the H:?udicapper. Mr. IL Goldsmith, Julia street, 'Portland. not later than the 10th March. Doubtless in the absence of counter attractions here a good many of our residents will find their way to Emu Fiat. as indplndnc:dt of the sports, which are always good, the scenery to be met with during the trip will amply repay a v-iit. Tin: German war authorities are sup. plying to the army a newr.kind of rifle blle.t said to be of a far more destrue. tive character than any hitherto.used. According to advices received by the Defence department, the new bullet is of iron with lead inside, and its pene trative power is claimed to be such that it would pass through eight.or ten men when fired at close quarters. IlatarYa" Lsseacrtox.-The Railway Commisnioners, accompanied by officers fromt the engineer's, locomotive and traffic branches will this week continue their annual inspection of riltwaylires, the Western district (the. Herald saysi being selected this time. The party will leave Spencer street'by special train on W\ednesdlay morning at 8.35, and inspect all stations on the Geelong an.] lBallarat lines, and that portion of the dlirect Ballarat line open to Ballan, re:,:rning to Ballarat in the evening, where the night will by passed. Thurs day will be devoted to inspecting the lines to Scarsdale. Ararat, Hamilton and Casterton. the party staying for the night in the Glenelg township. Leav ing Casterton on Friday morning the Portland line will be examined, and the return journey completed as far as -Ballarat, whence the party will return to Melbourne on Saturday morning. Foe some time past (says the Tele graph) grave complaints have been made to Captain Muandeville of the wanton destruction of female crayfish when just about to deposit their spawn. When in this state these crayfish are unfit forfood, and when caught are easily recognisable from other crayfish, so that the fishermen have no excuse for the destruction complained oL The spawn of a crayfish contains millions of eggs, so that the destruction is very great, I even if one female is killed; but the fishermen are so foolish as never to re turn one to the sea when it is caught, and it is feared that before long cray. fish will become nothing but a memory Sas far as Victorian fishing grounds are concerned. 