YESTERDAY'S LATE COITION- The following is nn epitnmo of tho m-ws which appeared in our lato editions yesterday afternoon : — A DISPUTED WILL CASE. Tho henriiur of thu Severs will enso was continued in thu Equity Court this after noon. . Annio Torie, who dcrcrPwd herself ns a Horvaut, onul that alio went into tho servico of tlio deceased on 3Uth Augunt, 183(1, and remained in thu houso until ' tho salo iu Jtuinnr3% Sho gavo evidence as to Mrs Severn intemperate hftbiis. SI10 had ft conversation with Man O'Halloran aliout her sister's ivill. NLiua O'Jlallornu said that if her sister died shu would not leave her anything. She said that Mr Wynne nnd Mr Greenfield did not think LlOO would ho Kiillicioub for her, and shn lmd a codicil to ndd LfiO a 3enr. Not long hoforo her death. Mrs Sovors leapt calling Miss OMluHoran to como to lier all through the night, aud when wituens asked lior to come, shu would not como very often. She said, "You brute ; if my own nisler won't como to me, who will !" She seemed to bo f in great i»ain all night, and com plained of her hand. Shu said she dreamt she raw some people so plain. Witness last saw Mra Severs on tlio Friday be fore her death -She was then very weak. She t-old tho wHnesa tlml sho had had a long ir.li; with licr (witnein'n) mother. Sho ivas plucking at thu bedclothes. Witness did not think that she recognised her. That ovoning she saw Miss O'Hallomii at tlio railway station. Miss OMlnllnran said that Mrs Hovers had altered her will In her' favor, nnd that the nurse hud spoken to her about it. When Mrs Severn returned from Ballarat Miss O'llidlorau said that all the fun would ho over now, and she wanted to got her drunk. Miss O'llalluran said she must havo mom'. She would get married if alio had 11101103% but not unless. Cross-examined by Mr Smyth. Witness thought that Miss O'lLiillornn meant that tho deceased intended to alter her will, Mrs Ho vers saw hor mother once at her mother's house at Ballarat. This wns about September or October. Miss O'Jfalloran did como in two or thrco tunes during tho night and stayed withhor for a littlo while. Emily Graham, a music teacher, re siding in Filzro3 struct, stated tliau she had known Mra Severs, r.ud stayed with her for seven weeks, last August twelve mouths. Mrs Hovers often spnko about her will. She was sorry Mr Hovers (q>eculnted iu mining, nnd said she was glad she could Icavo tho money to thu children as ho wnH rather un certain. She said sho had bueu tho best friend of thu Into Mrs .Severs, and lmd pro mised her to take caro of tho children. During Mrs Hovers' last illness witness saw her nnd thought shn wns intoxicated. Shu offered to stay with her when Miss O'JInllomu wns at the skating rink. Mrs Severs said "Is them a skating rink, and docs Miss O'ilnlloran g;o to it." Witness stayed with her that night. Sho had no memor3% nnd witness could notgot intelligible unsworn, -Mr I'urvcs : What was her mental conditiou at that time? Witness : Sho had no memory. When sho left at 10, Mirs O'lfalloruu had not returned from the skating rink. Amelia Highinure, n professional nurse, residing nt thu imrse's home, Prahran, said she attended tho deceased from tho 7th to 21st January. Tito deceased appeared to bo suffering from delirium tremens. She wasi most un manageable whilst witness was there. Wit ness , did not think sho understood anything. She was always craving for drink and would say ''Bring the champagne, bring tho wlmky. Pull tho bell, I demand whisk). Mr Agar Wynne, solicitor, gave evidence as to tlio preparation of thu previous will, and thu Court adjourned. Iu riitunissing tho appeal in tho caso of Goodsir v. Henderson on a caso stated by thu Sandhurst magistrates, his Honor Mr Justice Higinbotham, on behalf uf thu court, said that as to tho point that tho defendant, Xlendcrson, could nob hu con victed apart from his partner for n joint ofFonco tho Court held that any ono partner iu a firm might bu convicted. As to the, point that there was no evidonca to con nect thu defendant with the oll'cnco,tho Court thought that on tho ovidenco given by tho du fondant himself ho must have had knowledge beforehand of a the intention of tho dressmaker, Mjss Edmunds, to do an neb in violation of tho law, which it was his duty to prevent. Tlioy found that he took no. effectual and proper steps to prevent that breach. Tho court, found that tho decision of tho SnndlmtHb magistrates was right, and tlioy therefore, dismissed tho appeal with costs. Tho Premier and Treasurer having requested his Ministers to furnish him wjth their esti mates of expenditure for tho ensiling financial year by the 16th inst., applications for special grants must bo inado liy tho 14th or thoy will bo too lntc. Ministers desire it +0 bo under stood thaft they will 1106 receivo deputations desiring to apply for special grants after tho 14th inst- Tho following items wero received by wire front our S)dney correspondent : — A Woolahra resident claims to havo in vented a pnssotigor train car, which will run on ono rail on the balance priucipa), nnd which will also water tlio street. Hir Honry Parkes has promised a deputation from thu Geographical Society composed of Sir Edward Strickland, President of tho Geographical Sociuty, nnd Mr Ralston, President of tho Royal Society, that ho will givo tho question of Antnrtio Exploration fttvornbloooiisiduration. The authorities seem inclined to stop tho unemployed from congregating nt the Queen's statute, nnd being harangued by agitators. Last night Mr Tom Walker, M.L.A., nnd others delivered speeches ngninst this projjosod action, and had their weight taken down by the imlice. a A ghost is disturbing the moonlight ramblora on the Reserve by tlio sea at Newcastle. So fur attempts at a capture have lieen fruitless. Lord Dcerliurst loft Briubauo yesterday for the North. John Bourkc, a baker, was fined L19 for having light-weight bread in his posses sion, A burglar on boiug discovered in a houso at Newcastle this morning, fired two shots nt. tho occupiers of tlio houso. Ho took away L7, and loft his stock-in-trade in tlio slmpo of footpads, dark lauturn and bludgeon. Our Stawoll correspondent telegrdphed as follows : — a . A serious accident occurred between one and two o'clock this morning to Miss Stafford, niccu of tho landlord of tho Gross Reef Hotel, Church street, Stawclt. Shu was sitting by tho fire, nnd whilu in tho act of turning round her dress caught fire. Sho ia now under tho caro of .Dr. Jack, and lies 111 a precarious state. Six cases of t)'phoid fever aro in thohospitnl, four of tliem being trom 0111 family at Lands- borough, wjiiuh are suppoied to hnvo been caused by drinkiug milk from a diseased cow. Tho crops in thu district nro looking bad. Ruin is much wanted. Tho stock also appear in a miserable condition. Mining is iu a porfect atato of stagnation, ami business gouorally is depressed. Tho Australian Natives' moonlight 'Concert in aid of tho BuLli disaster fund was a grand success. It was supported by all tho friendly societies, and tho gross receipts wero L32, tho expenses being L5. 