(A NIGHT WITH KINQ JOHN. ' V BTDhmos. Tho ovorturo at tho Shakespeare society on i'FrklaY night was a timely discussion on tno meaiiB to bo adopted for advancing tho in- ' tcrefits of tho society. Dr. Neild xvns tho Vmnvor and Mr W. Cnrrtngton tho seconder ol la resolution which was unanimously passed to bring in tho iiiHucnco of Shakes>wrmn song and inusie in general, ami secure more active co-opomtiou from tho ladies. Dr Neild just hinted at tho great resources there are in ShakesiK'riim mnsic, or music which has been wreathwl around tlio writings of SIiake«x»are. 'X'or instance, Verdi's now opera of Othello ha been the success of tJie year in Milan ; Bossiui's opera -of Otliello 'a wclrktiowii | Verdi's Maclmth, Ambroise Thomas's Hamlot, and others may bo quoted. Then there is a 1 rich wealth of other illustrative music, such as Lock's to Macbeth, Mendelssohn's setting of Midanmmcr Might's Dream, Artie's music to tlio Tumixvri, "NVuero tho Beu Sucks," and so on. MuKicftl pooplo arc nil ncqiinluted with tho beautiful |iart song, ''WhatSliall he JTave ' that Killed thoDeer?" rehiring to Shakmieare's ' youthful depredation in tho i»ark ol Sir I hnnias liUcv, so sath'ified in Justice Shallow, " The : Tlireo Whito Luces do Become au Old Coat (of \- Arms) well." , , , , t After this tho Society plungtxl into King ' John, witli a somewhat mumbled, bub sound paper by Mr Waitluck, on Shakwpearc's viowa with regard to allcgianco. Well, ho niado them out to bu altogeiher coinm£m ense viows— modern Australian views. Might a visitor Offer a few suggestions :ui to the advancement of the society ? "Wliat'ifc wants is frcsli pulsing vigor, more force, fire and jwesion. There is far too much logic chop- Iiing. Tho speakers wander olf on all kinds of )yc-roads, olten dr)', occasionally dismal. If a luan has a hobby ho t ide it to death, and the members of tlie Bociety quickly coino to the conclusion, in llamlct's words, "1'or, Oh ! tho Jlobby Uorso is forgot." Nowiu regard toKingJolin. IIow very lightly tiic really grand features of tlio drama were touched upon. Everybody seems anxious to discover Romo new quibble. Mr lovers and Mr Way, however, cave us somo glimpses of IMnniilmilmt tlm tviucil Eiio'itiliinan. who declares that— " Tnis England never did, nor never shall lie at tho proud foot of a conqueror; and let Knghuid to horaelf bo trm\ and she xvill shock tho world iti arms." isnpohum said tho imgiuation ruled the world, and, after all. is not tho imagination— the su|>crabuiulant imagination— tho crest thing iti Stakes- pcaro ? But then tlie Shakespeare So ciuty appears to includo nervous, timorous jxwiplo witli a dread of anything that approaches to tho sLago. They will forget that Sliakcapeare was tho actor and manager, not a dry -os-dust philosopher. » Mr Blair always strikes a good koy-note, though ho is digressive, and givcu to reiictition. Hciusistcd, and properly, that Shakstware must be regarded only as n dramatist, and .not identified with tho opinions ho put into | the mouth of his characters. Ho is all man kind's epitome. I The members on Friday night wero very solicitous about tho ladic, who, ,hy. tho way, wcro thrco to one. in tho attendance, as compared co tho men. But had no ono a word for Lady Con stance, in King John ? Hero is ono of Shakspcaro's masterpieces. Jb'alcoubiidgo, Constanco' and Little Arthur aro the public favorites, though King John is jjowcrfully drawu, much softened down from the atrocious villain be was, and accorded a touching death sceuo. \ Wo loft the Shakspcarian Society on Eriday night with increased respect for tho play of King John, which many of us hold too cheap. Though it is not in tho first line, yet there sro some mighty underlying principles, particu larly the question oj allegiance, i The newt monthly meeting of the Society will bo directed to tho samo plag, with papers by Professor Morris and Mr jVlullen, and 'doubUess somo others. Tlris warrants our rpanding more thau wo otherwise would. :\Ye shall cortoinly expect a ladv member to ,como forward with a study of Constance, in 'which Mrs Jamieson, iu her work on Shakes peare's Women, affords ample material. Lot U9 recall, too, just a memory of tho rendering of -the sccno between Hubert ond Arthur, by Mr Cathcart and Miss Siuiuionds, at a recent matinee in tho Princess Theatre. It is long, very long, since tho play was acted in Melbourne— since Montgomery's time, is it not? In the intellec- tual days of the drama, King John was a stago favorite. Tho classic combination was of Mrs Siddons, as Constance, with her two brothers . Johu and Charles Kemble, as King John and Ealconbridgc. Macrcady's King John was fino, loo. How strAngo lb is that Shaksjicare avoids Magna Charts, although he take us over that period of John's rdgti. You sec hero bow | afraid he was of being dry. All ho wautcd was to extract tho sentiment aud itho passion. An arid exposition of .Magna Charta might havo satisfied somo Sbakspearo Societies, but it would never 'hova lirought down tho house, never havo fetched the pit aud gallery, which was Shakspc&rc;'s grand aim after all. Ho sought tho magnetism, the electricity. Lot tho Mel bourne Shakespeare Society seek tho same, and they will have crowded houses. Tell us of the love of Borneo and Juliet, the burning passion ol Othello, the terrific climax of tho appearance of tho Ghost, flashing through tho full length picture ou the wainscot, vhilo Hamlet rebukes his . mother' in tho Chamber Scene, the apox of . tlio : whole British drama. Givo us flesh and blood ' as well ns bones. Why, tho gallery boy, absorbed in Qamlct, is more truly u Shales- peariau scholar than the l'edaut, who is dis secting Shakspcare'ti views on Infiuitcsinial Calculus, or something liko that. Then, again, tho Shakspeare Society presents the samo old griud of speakure, round and round, Even at tho ltoval, or tho 0|)era House, they' conld not' stand the samo per- fortdcrs year out and year in. 