PART IIl. A disfigured body of a young gentleman was found a few dare afterward, ; but Mies Taunton, who bad heard the terrible story, was too ill to take arny measures towards re.ro..itior. A senior clerk torn the bank was sent; but, a thougn he believed he saw .thrr remains of young Carrington, the whole thing was considered unsatisfactory. Never theless, he was huried as the culprit, and death satisfied the law. Six ilonuthe psaeed, and I was once more surprised to receive a unmmron, from Mr. Tetnnton. He was eviaently near his end, and it would be Imposethlb to affirm that he was in his righe mind HIe was seated as I fourd him before, hot his stout frame had he. corme rannt and thin, his gray locks strougling and white, his pale skin shrunken and parch. mert looking. ' I have given orders to have thousands of hills minted and detrltbuted, offering one hin,,dred pourtnd rewand for the apprehension of mo nephew, Archlbsrd Carrington.' lint he is dead, sir, and the law is eltis fled. * Bot I am not,' the old man said. 'I re. rain you once more to find him. You will find money enough there for your expenses for six months ;' and he handed me a cheque. ' I have written to the Commilsioner for per. mission to retain ,an for tte length of time named. I have asked him al*o to permit you to claim the rewrrd of one hundred pounds; for that yeou will find him I am certain-yes, as certain as that we both sit here.' Of course I reported all this to head quarters, and was irttructed to act Inno way, as doubtless Mit o d gentleman had been driven Insan, by ,he tragic end of his nephew. 1 The search was fated not to end here, however. Most people, no doubt, remember some paragraphsb that went the round of the papers about the time of which I am speak. ing. They were usually headed 'Ton RItIornTArL OntarT,'and spoke of some young officer who, having died tragically, was in the habit of visiting his old comrades in the form of a spirit. He was sometimes seen gazing sadly in at the messeroom window; at others slowly descending the staircase of the quarters he once occupied himself in II--; and several times he was behold out In the moon. light in the barrack.yard. At last a new phase came over the story. The regiment was removed to Aldershot, and on the third night of their stay theapparition gazed in at the window of the mess.hat in the North Camp. His former comrades saw his sad. pale-blue eyes arnd waving yellow hair very distinctly, and the matter had a great effect upon all. One officer, however, Captain B--, who sat right opposite the window, was so excited that he had an epi. leptic fit, and was now seriously ill. Miss Taunton, the ghost of her former radiant self, visited me that night, and drew my attention again to these paragraphs, ending with the assurance of her belief that her cousin was still alive, and that it was he himself who was haunting his old regi. ment. I then told her all that occurred between Mr. Carrington and Captain Briacoe int the skittle alley of the Kingston inn ' I know my cousin is innocent,' cried the young lady. 'Captain Briscoe thought to re move a rival for my hand, but the supposed death of my cousin gave me an excuse for not seeing him again.' I took up the caeeonre more. I wrentdown to Alderehot and found that Brircoe'e papers had been sent in. The ' host' was attributed to he the cauoe of his resignation. I followed him to town that night, and saw him eltter a gambling hell near Piccadilly, the twtner of which had been ' An Expert in lHandwrtlitg" once connected with one of our metropolitan policecrnurts. lie had, however, nornt to prison for a serious offence, and had lived on gambling ever since his release. Cuaptain B1riecoe Onpred the private door with a nn's.rev. Ile and De Morlienville were friends-perhaps partners. My ideas were rapidly formed and acted upon. I rang and asked for the croprieter. As soon as I was seated I said: I am a police offiRer, and if you desire leniency of treatment, you will make a clean breast of what you know of the cheque that was altered here in last October.' The fellow began to bluster, but I slowly brew my 'bracelets' from my pocket, earing : ' We know rou are not the princtpal in the case, end therefore gave you the opportunity of explaining.' 'Will you admit me to Queen's evidence, and I will tell all?' cried the scoundrel, cringing immediately before my random ehots. 'I promise you nothing,' I returned, coldly. 'If you are not the principal, however, you have not much to fear.' That gave him confidence. Hta made a clean breans of it. Briscoe bribed him to alter the cheque, assuring him that the oflfence would not be serious, since he never intended to draw the money. I called the policeman on the beat, who sent me his sergeant. We entered the chief saloon, where dcaref and baccarat were going on. Approaching Captain Briscoe I said that I should like to speak to him in the next room. ecroee with a look of proud anger on his fleshed face, but that immediately changed to fear, apprehension, and horror, and hoarsely shouting, ' Again-again I' fell to the floor, writhing in agony, as foam, tinged plentifully with blood, issued from under his large black mousnetache. Turning, I saw, not the apparition of Archibald Carrington, but Archibald Car rington himself-pale, thin, emaciated, and melancholy-looking. He had survived the leap into the river, having hung on to a moorin.-buoy until a waterman, passing, observed and drew him into hie boat. tHe had memory ennaduh to get into a cab after rewardling the good man, and, driving tothe bachelor chambers of a retired fellow-officer, he was heartily welcomed and carefully m,nrsed through a long illness. It was this friend's idea to haunt Briscoe like a ghost, anti the plan undoubtedly served its purpose. I took him to Miss Tounton's that night with Captain Edwardes, his friend. Captain Rrlseon remained under police care at St. George's Hospital for four days. when he recovered consclousness ufficlently long to confess his guilt and the mercenary object he had in view in getting Carrington out of the way. A broken constitution then soue combed, and further notoriety was avoided. Misa Taunton and Carrington were soon quietly married, and as he assumed her name when they returned from a long tour on the Continent, all the evil past was for. gotten. I wasre permitted to accept the hundred pounds reward, and I am still known In some cIrclei as the fellow who laid 'The Regimental GOhost. 