A STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE, By the Author of ' The Leavenworth Case.' CHAPTER IV. Thompson's story. More nettled than I would be willing to con less, I walked back with him to the station, say ing nothing then, but inwardly determined to re-establish my reputation with Mr. G-ryce, before the affair was over. Accordingly, h ant- ing up the man who had patrolled the district the night before, I inquired if he had seen any one so in or out o£ the side sote of Mr. Blake's house on ? Street, between the hours o£ eleven and one. ' Wo,' said he, ' but I heard Thompson tell a curious story this morning about someone he had seen.' 'What was it?' ' He said he was passing that way last night about twelve o'clock when he remarked, stand ing under the lamp, on the corner o? Second Avenue, a group consisting of two men and a woman, who no sooner beheld him than they separated, the men drawing back into Second Avenue, nnd the woman coming hastily towards him. Not understanding the move, he stood waiting her approach, when instead of advancing to where he was, she paused at the gate of Mr. Blake's house, and lifted her hand as if to open it, when with a wild and terrified gesture she started back, covering her face with her hands, and before he knew it, had actually fled in the direction from which she had come. A little startled, Thompson advanced and looked through the gate before him to see if possible what had alarmed her, when, to his great surprise, he be held the pale face of the master of the house, Mr. Blake himself, looking through the bars from the other side of the gate. He, in his turn, started back, and before he could recover him self, Mr. Blake had disappeared. He says he tried the gate after that, but found it locked,' ' Thompson tella you this story, does he ?' 'Yes.' ' Well,' said I, ' it's o, pretty wild kind of a tale, and all I have got to aay is, that neither you nor Thompson had better go blabbing it around too much. Mam io the word where such men as Mr. Blake are concerned.' And I de parted to hunt up Thompson. But he had nothing to add to his statement, except that the girl appeared to be tall and thiD, and was closely wrapped about in a shawl. My next move was to make such inquiries as I could with safety into the private concerns or Mr. Blake and his family, and discovered— well, such facts as these ; That Mr. Blake was a man who, if he paid but little attention to domestic affairs, was yet rarely seen out of his own house, except upon occasions of great political importance, when he was always to be found on the platform at meet ings of his constituents. Though to the ordinary observer a man eminently calculated, from his good looks, fine position, and solid wealth to enjoy society, he not only manifested a distaste for it, but even went so far as to refuse to participate in the social dinners of his most in timate friends; the only table to which he would sit down being that of some public caterer, where he was sure of finding none but his political associates assembled. To all appearance he wished to avoid the ladies, a theory borne out by the fact that never, even in ohurch, in the street, or at any place of amusement, was he observed with one at his side. This fact in a man, young — he was not far from thirty-five at that time — rich, and marriageable, would, however, have been more noteworthy than it was if he had not been known to belong to a family eminent for their eccentricities. Not a man of all his race but had possessed some marked peculiarity. His father, bibliomaniac though he was, would never treat a man or a woman with decency who mentioned Shakespeare to him, nor would he acknowledge to his dying day any excellence \- in that divine poet beyond a happy way of put ting words together. Mr. Blake's uncls hated all members of the legal profession, and as for his grandfather — but you have heard what a mania of dislike he had against that simple article of diet, fifth ; how his friends wero obliged to omit it from their bills of fare when ce? they expected him to dinner. If, then, ,Mr. Bioko oiioso to have nny pot aniipuiu;*/ — as for women, for instance— he surely had pre cedent enough in his own family to back him. However, it was whispered in my ear by one gentleman, a former political colleague of his who had been with him in Washington, that he was kaown at one time to show considerable attention to Miss Evelyn Blake, that cousin of his who has since made such a brilliant thing of it by marrying, and straightway losing by death, a wealthy old scapegrace of a French noble, the Uount de Mirac. But that was not a matter to be talked about, Madame the Coun tess being free at present, and in New York, though to all appearance upon anything but pleasant terms with her quondam admirer. Sememberiug the picture I had seen in Mr. Blake's private apartment, I asked if this lady was a brunette, and being told she was, and of the most pronounced type, felt for the moment I had stumbled upon something in the shape of a cine ; but upon resorting to Mr. G-ryce with my information, he shook his head with a short laugh, and told me I would have to dive deeper than that if I wanted to fish up the truth lying at the bottom of this well. CHAPTEE V. A NET/ YOEK BELLE. Meanwhile, all our efforts to obtain informa tion in regard to the fate or whereabouts of the missing girl had so far proved utterly futile. Even the advertisements inserted by Mrs. Daniels had produced no effect; and, frustrated in my scheme, I began to despair, when the ac counts of that same Mrs. Daniels' strange and unaccountable behaviour during these days of suspense, which came to me through Fanny (the pretty housemaid at Mr. Blake's, whose acquaintance I had lately taken to cultivating), aroused once more my dormant energies and led me to ask myself if the affair was quite as hope less as it seemed. ' If she was a ghost,' was her final expression on the subject, * she couldn't go perambulating this house more than she does. It seems as if she couldn't keep still a minute. Upstairs and doWD, upstairs and down, till we're 'most wild. And so white as she is and so trembling ! Why, her hands shake so all the time she never dares lift a dish off the table. And then the way she hangs about Mr. Blake's door when he's afc home ! She never goes in, that's the oddest part of it, but walks up and down before it, wringing her hands and talking to herself just like a mad woman. Why, I have seen her almost put her hand on the nob twice in an afternoon perhaps, then draw back as if she was afraid it would burn her ; and if by any chance the door opened and Mr. Blake came out, you ought to have seen her run. What it all means I don't know, but I have my imaginings, and if she isn t crazy, why— etc., etc. In face of facts like these I felt it would be pure insanity to despair. Let there be but a mystery, though it involved a man of the posi tion of Mr. Blake, and I was safe. My only apprehension had been that the whole affair would resolve itself into an ordinary elopement or some 3uch commonplace matter. When, therefore, a few minutes later, Fanny announced that Mr. Blake had ordered a carriage to take him to the Charity Ball that evening, I determined to follow him and learn if possible what change had taken place in himself or his circumstances, to lead him into such an innova tion upon his usual habits, Though the hour was late, I had but little difficulty in carrying out my plan, arriving at the Academy some thing less than an hour after the opening dance. The crowd was great, and I circulated the floor three times before I came upon him. When I did, I own I was slightly disappointed ; for instead of finding him, as I anticipated, the centre o£ an admiring circle of ladies and gentlemen, I espied him withdrawn into a corner with a bland old politician of the Fif teenth Ward, discussing, as I presently over heard, the merits and demerits of a certain Smith who at that time was making somo dis turbance in the party. ' If that is all he has come for,' thought I, *' I had better have stayed at home and made love to the pretty Fanny.' And, somewhat cha grined, I took up my stand near by, and began scrutinizing the ladies. Suddenly I felt my heart stand still, the noise of voices ceasing the same inutant behind me. A lady was pegging on the arm of a foreign look ing gentleman, whom it did not require a second glance to identify with the object of tho portrait ? m Mr. Blake's house. Oldc' bv Gossy fsw vssvs than when her picture was painted, her beauty had assumed a certain defiant expression that sufficiently betrayed the fact that the years had not been bo wholly happy as she had probably anticipated when she jilted handsome Holnaan Blake for the old French Count. At all events, so I interpreted the look of latent scorn that burned in her dark eyes, as she slowly turned her richly bejewelled head towards the_ corner where that gentleman stood, and meeting his eyes, no doubt, bowed with a sudden loss of self possession that not all the haughty carriage of her noble form, held doubtly erect for the next few moments, could quite conceal or make for gotten. ' She still loves him,' I inwardly commented, and turned to see if the surprise had awakened any expression on his uncommunicative counte nance. Evidently not, for the tough old politician of the Fifteenth Ward was laughing, at one of his own jokes probably, and looking up in the face of Mr. Blake, whose back was turned to me, in a way that entirely precluded all thought of any tragic expression in that quarter. Some what disgusted, I withdrew and followed the lady. I could not get very near. By this time the presence of a live countess in the assembly had become known, and I found her surrounded by a swarm of half- fledged youths. Bat I cared little for this ; all I wanted to know was whether Mr. Blake would approach her or not during the evening. Tediously the moments passed; but a detective on duty, or on fancied duty, succumbs to no weariness, I had a woman before me worth studying, and the time could not be thrown away. I learned to know her beauty ; the poise of her head, the flush of her cheek, the curl of her lip, the glance— yes, the glance of her eye, though that was more diffi cult to understand, for she had a way of droop ing her lids at times that, while exceedingly effective upon the poor wretch towards whom she might be directing that half-veiled shaft of light, was anything but conducive to my purposes. At length, with, a restless shrug of her haughty shoulders, she turned away from her crowd of adorers, her breast heaving under its robing of garnet velvet, and her whole face flaring with a light that might mean resolve and might mean simply love. I had no need to turn my head to see who was advancing towards her ; her stately attitude as countess, her thrilling glance as woman, betrayed only too readily. He was the more composed of the two. Bow ing over her hand with a few virords I could not hear, he drew back a step and began uttering the usual common-place sentiments o£ the oc casion. She did not respond, With a splendour of indifference not often seen even in the manner of our grandest ladies, she waited, opening and shutting her richly feathered fan, aa one who would say, 'I know all this has to be gone through with, therefore I will be patient.' Bat as the moments passed, and his tone remained un changed, I could detect a slight gleam of im patience flash in the depths of her dark eyes, and a change come into the conventional smile that had hitherto lighted, without illuminating, her countenance. Drawing still further back from the crowd that was not to be awed from pressing upon her, she looked around as if seek ing a refuge. Her glance fell upon a certcin window, with a gleam of satisfaction. Seeing they would straightway withdraw there, I took advantage of the moment and made haste to conceal myself behind the curtain as near that vicinity as possible. In another instant I heard them approaching. ' You seem to be rather overwhelmed with at tention to-night,' were the first words I caught, uttered in Mr. Blake's calmest and most cour teous tones. ' Do you think so P ' was the slightly sarcastic reply. ' I was just deciding to the contrary when you came up. There was a pause. Taking out my knife, I ripped open a seam in the curtain hanging before me, and looked through. He was eying her intently, a firm look upon his face that made its reserve more marked than common. I saw him gaze at her handsome head piled with its midnight tresses, amid which the jewels, doubtless of her dead lord, burned with a fierce and ominous glare, at her smooth olive brow, her partly veiled, eyes whoro the fire passionately blazed, at her scarlet lips trembling with an emotion her rapidly flushing cheeks would not allow her to conceal. I onw hia gkncea fall and embrace her whole elegant form, with its casing of ruby velvet and ornamentation of lace and diamonds, , i and an expectant thrill passed through me al- je:»j most as if I already beheld the mask of his re- t| serve falling, and the true man flash out in re- :i sponse to the wooing beauty of this full-blown j rose, evidently in waiting for him. But it died | away, and a deeper feeling seized me as I saw | his glances return unMndled to her countenance, | and heard him say in still more measured ac-- cents than before : ' Is it possible then that the Countess de Mirac can desire the adulation of us poor Ameri can plebeians ? I had not thought it, madame,' Slowly her dark eyes turned towards him ; she stood a statue. ' But I forgot/ he went on, a tinge of bitter ness for a moment showing itself in his smile ; ' perhaps in returning to her own country 3 Evelyn Blake has so far forgotten the last two years as to find pleasure again in the toys and foibles of her youth. Such things have been I hear.' And he bowed almost to the ground in his half-sarcastic homage. ' Evelyn Blake I It is long since I have heard that name,' she murmured. He could not restrain the quick flush from mounting to his brow. ? Pardon me,' said he, ' if it brings you sadness or unwelcome memories, I promise you I will not so transgress again.' A wan smile crossed her lips, grown suddenly pallid. ' You mistake,' said she ; ' i£ my name brings up a past laden with bitter memories and -4 shadowed by regret, it also recalls much that is j pleasant and never to be forgotten. I do not object to hearing my girlhood's name uttered— by my nearest relative.3 The answer was dignity itself. ' Your name is Countess de Mirac ; your relatives must bo proud to utter it.' A gleam not unlike the lightning's quick flash, shot from the eyes she drooped before him. ' Is it Holman Blake I am listening to ?' said she. 'I do not recognize my old friend in the cool and sarcastic man of the world now before me.' c We often fail to recognize the work of our hands, madame, after it has fallen from our grasp,' ' What,' she cried, e do you mean— would you say that ? ' e I would say nothing,' interrupted he calmly, stooping for the fan she had dropped. ' At an interview which is at once a meeting and a parting, I would give utterance to nothing which would seem like recrimination. I ? ' ' Wait,' suddenly exclaimed she, reaching out i her hand for her fan with a gesture lofty as it was resolute. ' You have spoken s word J which demands explanation ; what have I ever done to vou that vou should soeak the word re crimination to me ?' ' What ? You shook my faith in womankind ; you showed me that a woman who had once told a man she loved him, could so fai4 forget that love as to marry one she could never respect, for the sake of titles and jewels. You showed me — -' 'Hold,' said she, again, this time without gesture or any movement, save that of her lips grown pallid as marble; 'and what did you show me ? ' He started, coloured profoundly, and for a moment stopd before her unmasked of his stern self-possession. ' I beg your pardon,' said he, 8 1 take back that word recrimination.' It was now her turn to lift her head and survey him. With glance leas cool than his, but fully as deliberate, she looked at his proud head bending before her; studying his face, line by line, from the stern brow to the closely compressed lips on which melancholy seemed to have set its everlasting seal, and a change passed over her countenance. 'Holman,' said she, with a sudden rush of tenderness, ? if, in the times gone by, we both behaved with too much worldly prudence for it now to be any great pleasure for either of us to look back, is that any reason why we should mar our whole future by dwelling too long upon what we ore surely still young enough to bury if not forget ? I acknowledge that I would have behaved in a more ideal fashion, if, after I had been forsaken by you, I had turned my face from society, and let the canker worm of despair slowly destroy whatever life and bloom I had left. But I wa3 young, and society had its charms, so had tho prospect of wealth and posi tion, however hollow they may have proved ; you who are the master of both this dav, be ennoo tvrolve months ago you forsook Evelyn Blake, should be the last to reproach me with them. I do not reproach you ; I only say let the past be forgotten ? -—»' ' Impossible,' exclaimed he, hia whole face darkening with an expression I could not fathom. 'What was done at that time cannot be undone For you and me there is no future. Yes,' he said, turning towards her as she made a slight fluttering move of dissent ; 'no future; we cac bury the past, but we cannot resurrect it. 1 doubt if you would wish to if v^o could ; aa wt cannot, of course you will not desire even tc converse upon the subject again. Evelyn, 3 wanted to see you once, but I do not wish to see you again ; will you pardon my plain seeking, and release me P' ' I will pardon your plain seeking, but- ? ' Her look said she would not release him. He seecaed to understand it so, and smilled, but very bitterly, In another moment he had bowed and gone, and she had returned to her crowd of adoring sycophants. (To bo continued.) 