MB. SPURGEON'S WITHDRAWAL FROM THE BAPTIST UNION. The latest papers from- London bring further particulars respecting Mr. Spurgeon's withdrawal from the Baptist Union. It may be premised that the Baptists are in doctrine and churph polity identical in all respects with the Congregationalists, except on the question of the mode and subjects of baptism. Like the Congregationalists, the Baptists do not require subscription to any creed, holding that Christ, by His spirit, is able to guide his people into the way of all truth. They hold also the absolute independence of each congregation from all external control, believing that Christ, the great head of the church, is present wherever two or three are met in His name, to control and direct their action and thought. The Baptist Union consequently has no creed; the only basis being that those churches and ministers of whom . it is composed, shall hold and practice believers baptism. The nature of what has been termed the Dowa Grade Controversy is already known to our readers. It was thought that some notice would have been taken of this at the recent meetings of the Baptist Union, but- those who expected 'this were disappointed, as the U,irion dispatched its business without taking ary notice of the controversy. At the meetings of - the Congregational Union liowever, the matter. wes considered, and the charges made by Mr. Spurgec n were warmly repudiated. Mr. Spurgeon j robably expected the Baptist Union to tike some action in regard to his protests, and finding that, nothing was done, 4»e .resolved to withdraw. This he did by a note addressed to to the secretary of the Union dated 28th October. His reasons for the step being stated at length in The Sword and Trowel for November. In that publication, he states that the truth of his charges is manifest from the answers which had been evoked. That he h^s not been hunting for heresy, but that it has been forced .upon his notice. That hedoesuotwishi to abridge any man's liberty, but declines to cooperate with those whom he believes to be in serious error. He says those who hold the atonement, the inspiration of the Scriptures, ami evangelical doctrines generally are in open alliance with those who deny these fundamental doctrines, who regard the fall as a fable, who deny the personality of the Holy Ghost, who call justification by faith immoral, and who hold that there is another probation after death and a future restitution for the lost. Instead of regard- ' ing a spectacle of this sort as a Christian Utjion, Mr. Spurgeon is rather disposed to call it a confederacy of evil. The only course left to him, he believes, is to refuse any longer to hold complicity with this sort of thin*. He does not propose to found a new denomination, and says his position will remain the same as before. If it were true that the Baptist Union were largely composed of inen who have departed from the essential doctrines of the Christian Faith, then Mr. Spurgeoii's action would no doubt be justified. This, however, does not appear to be the case. After allowing for those who hold broader views on the questions of inspiration, and eschatology, those who have really abandoned vital truth could probably be counted the fingers of two hands. If this is the case, Mr. Spurgeon is scarcely justified in the extreme step which he iias taken. It certainly cannot tend to promote the cause of Christian Union, but rather further to rend and shatter the body of Christ. Mr. Geo. Muller counsels a very different 'course. Where the essential -doctrines of Christianity are held, he advises that Christians should give each other all the co-operation and sympathy possible, so as to promote that union of His people which lies so near to the heart of Christ. It really does not show Mr. Spurgeon in the best light, that because his brethren decline to accept his views of truth, he should therefore refuse to have any further communion with them. It should be remembered also thatthoseministers of the Baptist Union, who hold views much in harmony with those of Mr. Spurgeon, far out-number those against whom there, may be some suspicion of a greater laxity of doctrine. The Christian World % whose utterances of course represent the most advanced party in liberal theology, as might be expected strongly dissents from the course Mr. Spurgeon has taken. It considers that his action strikes 9 heavy blow at all free Christianity that dares to be independent of man-made creeds or legal documents. It argues that even granting that the charges made by Ml*. Spurgeon ' are true, ^there is . nothing in the New Testament which justifies him in withdrawing from his brethren. The same paper asks, does Mr. Spurgeon consider the opiuions lield by his brethren <as damnable, if not, he has ho right to withdraw from Union with them. If on the other hand he does regard such opinions as damnable, it presents us with an iutensely sad picture of the condition of the world,"as it not only shuts out from hope those outside the churches, but a very large proportion of those within. That such a view of the state of the Christian world is true few will venture to assert, and that being .so it follows that the grounds on whicli Air. Spurgeon differs from his brethren are not essential 'to salv&tion;, and therefore do not constitute a sufficient cause of separation from them. The step which Mr. Spurgeou has taken has naturally excited much comment, and while his piety, conscientiousness and ability, and the immense services which he has rendered to the cause of religion are freely acknowledged, general regret is expressed at the course he has chosen to adopt. 