UKEANQUHLIKE.' jo, — -_ ; -- . ,„_ _.... . By M. E. RDON, Author of Lady Audley'a Secret,' « Wylliard'e Weird,' ; y: Y ' Etc.; «. :.' s:-v, rf- Chapter XXVI.— Opening ms Eykfl / While Helehwas pacing the bypreis wblk in the long Augustaf kenioon, Valentine was a York, where the summermeeting /was In/ fail swing, t - Interest as. well as Dleaaura had led ;him to the northern city. fie. was not, as his mother had been told, a partner in sheSt. -Austell and Beeohiug stable,' but his -interests -Ware 5 deeply- involved- in -their < successes, and he had mixed himBelfnpin tbpeir tDrfvepeoalafiohB . in a manner- which/ might- result in a -great -ooap -or. agreat disaster. OneEhf their horseB: was Bnteped for tha Great Ebdr/ahd stood pretty' high in the betting ; another ran in a smaller race, and tkere were tbrto of the" stud enfered ' for selling stakbs. ; ;v ; // y ;f 7% /J Yalqntine backed PoBtoajrjl ; rather \- 0 -. he Great Ebor, and be knew that Beeohing and St- Austell hibothl&ie; . their money pretty freely, and that both be- lfkVedinthe kdrsfe- iTo Rqhing; lowing ipt ginning was ematter of very little oonsei gLnMj bat' like mcstmiliionaires tie" was very intent upon making his stable pay,ihid; was very savage when the luck went against kwri- , £, Austell was by na means rich, and. tohim PhVtoard'sfnooets ttdtb a'h&tfa-; "amiftiarf able IffirrlanceT fftoTuToTHflr Twaji sarprised at not finding St. Austell at when he arrived on the plat form. 3 nsi in time for the Bpeolal. It had beep arranged Aweek before that he, Beech ing and St. Aubtellweretotoavel together by iJPR at eight in the /morning On; the firjEfr3day olthe races, and wereto ocNBnpy a kdlt8 of rbbQis together at ; the hotel ttt the meeUng was over. Mr. Beeehing had eharged metif-or had been ohaKedrrfSRttbfiy -of the jraqiiiB, anC5 fieeaHt|to| for the hwvalefciostttebflanceu coupe WBkeugaged.and apiomobaBket;, containing a Strasbourg pie, aohioken, "And a oonpleof bbtllefof G.fl. Mumm'g extradry, was in thpjagik ; butthere wAsno St. Austell. that fellow mean by being b|timb.f .aekedY alentine, when heand Beebhing ./)&$' taken their seats, and the dootewerobeing clapped to, all along the line of carriages . ' V St/Ah8tell ? He's ndt? doming.' ' < Nofcqotmng ! Not to see Postcard win the Greatbbr 1' . _ . 7 No. He'ebfiuekea op the stable.1 'Cbuakfidaptbe stable?' Yes, answered Beeehing, coolly. ' You aee he owed mfra hatfal bf money one way and another, and the other night he and I badagsheraisqaare op, whiohrestilted in my tatog About sevenehillings in the poand &U; -round. He surrendered his intexoBt in of the stud, and I gave him bacfcJusI.Q.U/e, He is going to India pextyeek. « " Why India, r . «v / \+ m&g;&z; Gan't stahd ar Edrcpean winter. ffisfioctors advise him to try Ceylon or lndja. He teieenupqn, sgrapd eastern tMt. Mtt he'|pN»raii&#xtk (ili vaUBfpomr aiontjnHowhItaly perhaps, for a mJuliwwb, and then pat xne, apy&ing; was wrong with his longs, though he looks rather eiokly at |hbes| pjf times . We can't all be gladiatoifsH like yph afield. I Ap'tSbink St. Anstell inmrtWere aMytlfflMiJipySWrQng tfU bi IItQ -agosMdi ljfppralwijpiat he haex&een; a haTiivjKP'ey" move for him. the eame eU- people. M. "Belfimd what a lot of trouble ha has'MVBn na,' heboid angrily; \ « Sa-oDgm4o havi eome to ssut tbe ahorse & HKHlSS peanybow.' m ff Scui amngement irttb tkeaof&or.; npoent; of vivid colour and peaselesa anU .ma|:ioDf a scene of nniversai gladness, one woUfld suppoSB, taking the piottzre as a Wholb, Bulb In detail there was a good deal of dis appointment. It was only the disinterested lookere-on, the frivolous people who. go to rape meetings- to eat and drink and stare1 .abcnt ihetn in the sunshine, the clodhoppers van£ bumpkins, who stand beside the- rails aid gaze at the scene as at the figures in a ka|eidosaope — it is only for these that there is no bitter in the cup of pleasure, no fly in the 4intrbent. - \- Poetoard. after a magnifiaent ; lead, which elated all his" backers, shot up—in Mr. Bel- fiekl's parlance— like '"a telescope. 1 He" was a : powerful horse, and would have pulled aplen- ididly through heavy ground, but the weather -had been peerless, hnd the cbnrB8 w«s dry and %ard, so the lighter horses had' the advantage. Beeehing and Belfield ate their lunch in moody silence, and drank twice as. deep as th'ey would have done ro signallse a bfiumphr " "' I'll be hanged if I spend another, njght ia this carsed hole,' said Yalentine whan the : da's racing '"was bvet. " 'Oh, you'd better see it out. I've got the poms for the week, don't yon know, and I; shall haVe to pay pretty stiffly for them, and Hvp ordered ainuer. You msy fust as wetl stay.' -f' '.Make it Yorkshire if ypu grudge ypur rmoney. andwhert you come back to ioWn t'II square up, retorted Valentine, sulkily. ' I'm tited;6f th8 #ho!e nusinessi. Your stable hhs > never, brought me fuck. Oood-nightT ; " It v?k|( Outy hftlf-paet five o'clock ; 'ftte " sun » WhS high still, but sloping west wafd, 'afid joartiages and foot people were moving out 'of tfie great ?|reeii valley in tast r mhtseS Of shif ting lightB hnd ooloiirsi A pretty vesbe JbuVfar from pleaeaut lo" the jaundiced efr i' of Vaiehtine Belfield. T He got into a cab, drove to the hdtei, baddled his things into bag and pprtmn- teab, aod had them carried io the . ajagent station just in time for one of the specials ' '-whioh were taking the racing men back tn London. He got into a saloon carriage, coiled himself up in a corner out of the dust end the glare, and presently, when the expteBB jwae flying across the country, past thpsei£>|<| fields where ihe bobh wbr 8tanding, lpw hfiia wheie lights and shadows oame imd went In the ecdtenliig atmoBphe. of iSvening, he tell fast asleep, and elept hir nearly a ctmple of hours, sleeping eff that extift bottle oi champagne wmbh Jib bad! drunk almostnnawares iu hie disappointment £t was diuk when he kwoks, blaok ntght ouhnde the carriage windows, and "within/ only ; the dim light of the - lamp, whioh was almost obscured by tobacco smoke/ - : There were very few passengers in the spaoiouB carriage, and of those few three were asleep, sprawling in unrestrained reposfe tjjmnk "ihe 'tifotpiSfar-: hittUone, wotn out open air, sdn, dust, hnd drink." Two men, eat in the angle of the carnage, in a. line with Mr. Balfield'a corner, and; those two were talking oonfidentialiy be tween the lazy consumption of their cigarettes, talking in those finder tones' which arc sometimes more distinctly audible than the brawl and babble of loud voices. ' I tell you, my dear fellow, everybody knew ail about it except the gentleman most conoerfied,' Said one, 4 and whether he didn't know,' or whether he was wilfully blind, is an open question I don't like the -man, ; and I should be williog to think &ay-; thing bad of him, but he's ' a good bred 'on, anyhow,: and; I suppose we ought So give him the benefit of the dodbt.' 4 He was never abont with her,' returned the otnir man ; she went everywhere with her sister, and we all know what the sister is.» - ...v ' A very charming woman,' said his friend, witn a laugh, and a . very dangeroos one. ! ? She's about the .cle veres t womai|: out, I think, for" without" cdihproihiefng herself .fery seriously eho has contrived to make more out of her admuers than, aby , woman in London. She must have bled ; Beeehing to the tune of a 'small fortune, I fanoy.' ----- »>.- — - 4 »?8 h -iafiTx game/ sMd t the 30ther mam ' Nobody minds Beechuijgi . kiod of pigeon was made to be plucked ; besides, Beeehing is nncommenly earef ul, Jobody. Will ever do him any harm. He has: the ooinmeroial intellect , fuUy/dlPifi! Yon mqy ; depend he keeps a close aooouut they cost hicp, , and: :wiU nOvier 'oBeed he 1 units of strict pradehde.'7- , i -3: " Mr. Belfield's attention was fully awakened by this time. He had turned himself roiand ' in his shadowy oorner, and was watohing and listening with all his mighty & knew one of the men, a member crfBWntontifl ihergyihl/l tbs other -®)t'at''sn.',-i is ' 51 The w«t JBtory aghast her is th story iof the diamonds,' said the mat Whom he did not know/ ;7; Ah, yon were in Ixidia ffb611 hap- penfed' andr knew all abont it, Othen >41 imftlfatiMriiifff) 1 1 ww ia Baauteye teguMaii; wmmfi cOo India ifh1 htm/ said the ottar.) ; Sfihad nqt hbn married eix months, and'' 1 was about tbe lorelibst woman lever saw"in my life. v.:As. bandsome as Mrs. Belfield ii now,|hat splendid Iriah beauty, which iff unsurpassable whlle ifc lasts, 'great grey eyes With black lashes, a complexion of lilies and cwnations, form and colour alike lo vely and lonuitnt, a woman- who .makes every, cad In the streets slop all agipe tb lobk at her. She startled us at cur hill station, I can tell you, and the Baddeley madness raged there all that Eeason iike hydrophobia. ; Gne of our men, a poor littlQ lieateuant, a mjere lad, Lord .Bromptpn's sod,; took the disease very badly. What was BpbiV for us waa deafch to him. -He fsU madly in love with his Major 'l wife, and bung about her add followed her about in a distracted, des pairing way that would have been laughable had it not verged upon the tragic.' ' Did she eneofcirsge him ?' eOf course she did. He was a swell, and he had lots of money. She nick-named him Baby, talked of him as ' a ((nioe boy," and before long he whs known everywhere as Mrs; Baddeley's Baby. He didn't seem to mind people isnghing at him. We went to Calcutta later on; and them Were balls and Jail edits -Of high jinks going hn, and Mrs. &iddey; -wae be belle -nf. the place,- and - everybody,5! roth the Gbvercm-jGual down wards, was avowedly in love 'wltH her. Pooi young Stroud hung onito; her, and was savage with every man she, spoke to. ; One nightj at the Govemor-General's boll, :she came out into a blaze of diamonds.. One of tia chaffed the Major... about his wife's jewellery ; but he took it as easily as possible. She had ; hiked them from Eacet, 'the -great Calcwtta jeweller, he ; |old ns. " . . " I suppose' I shall have to payrst# stiffly for the use of them," he said, " but if she likes to out a dash in barrbwediplomeG, I can't 5 complain. It|ll be a deuoed long time I'm afraid before v.stio'll he able to jhow a diamond necklace of her own." ' ' r:; ' " J The speaker etopped 'tb '" light a -fresh iflieayreite,.,. apdggjgnt. on lazily, dropping oufhtB sentences fiet ween poffg of fohSecb,' _ Baddeiey is a big, good-natured, self- ihdalgent ass, but I don't know that he's anything more than that. We all laughed ! at his story of the hired diamonds, and six .months afterwards when young Stroud broke Jlor six- and- twenty thousand, most of ii money borrbwedlfbip Galdutta Jews, we ail "knew that Mrk. Baddeley'sfi iamemds counted for something,' and Mre. Baddeley's little caprioes for something more in the lad's - entanglements --W« were ajl very sorry fer him. Brompton- was said to be1 a martinet, and the youfeg man -w&t; abcut' Galeutta looking as white as a ghost for a week or fcwq/ while fie wartiyibg tb make terms with his Creditors. ' 'Then one morning' in barracks there was f/grsat eeare. Young Stroud had shot himself half an hour after morning parade. He had left two letters on his table, ; one addressed to his father, the other td Mrs. Baddley.' ' Hbw did the lady take it V I Pappose she was rather rorry. She never showed herself in Calcutta after the cataetEopb& The regimental doctor went, to see her every day/ and the Major told every one that she was laid up with low T'ever, and that the climate was killing her. She went back to England a month or so after Slioud's death, and she carried the spoils of war with 'her and has worn them ever since.' f And you think the younger sister is as bad?' said th« other man thoughtfully. There was no malevolence ia either of. them. They were only discussing one of the problems of modern society. 1 I don'fc know abont that. I believe she has more heart than Mrs. Baddeiey; and that she ia overhead and/Oafs in love; with: S-. AuBteU.7 They have bfen oarrying em ail: the seaon.wnd I wonderwey haven't bled before now.' i ( My dear ieUowobody bolts nowadays. Elopements ut >& IaSnibh. There is nothing further from the" thdogbta of modern seducer than a menage. The days of of postohaiees and Italian villas are over. We love and we ride away, St. Anstell is a man of the world, and a man of the time. Here we are, old chap. My trap is to meet us here.' ;r They took np thefr- sHskf/bltg/anSor'- /coats, and left the carriage before Valentino IbenipvilitlHeMrdly k aewwfeat he jWOTiFTO 'o. whether he woold_-have oal|IB»aiidemrtQ kounteiCM;IUm, the ewiftly mo»ioarrisgerdazeaJbewndered ree ailing that idle talk hehodoverheufi from how muoh or faow little truth thin was In it alL .. .. .. ... _. .. .. t __ AbontJtrp, B»ddeley, his wife's /Sister ? Well, there might be some foundation for scandal there, perhaps. He badlong . known that the was a coquette, and a clever coquette whfp koiwibw to lead heradmirers on, -and how tb freepMthem at bay/ HwJonsr ikfafl OiiiiiBtachd prsl tmrioM adizdcer and the man for whom she, was in Bome danger of eomprotrtiiing. herself, The otory of young Stroude f utile passion v for hie Major's wife, attd of costly jeweliery . given at A time when 'Lord Brompton1 ; : /waf'aiready deeply in debt, was not altogether new' to hfin/ He had heard Comb vague hxnts ln the past ; but men bafibeeu sby of " alluding to that old story in hiapresence. ; He had known that his sister-in-law had been talked abont ;,.bnt no mast had ever dared to insinuate that she was anything Worse, than a clever woman,: and perfecUy . japabjejjf .taking ,care ol hereelf. .. „ ...1: ,'L 'I back Mrs. Baddeiey «nd her poodle : against Lucretia and her .dagger,' be- had heard a stranger Say one night iiTtbc olub emokingroom, and it had seemed iso bla somewhat cynical temper that his wife conid not be safer than with a thoroughly worldly woman, a woman wbo ktiew every knot and ravelled end in the seamy side' of society. ' But St. Austell hie wife's admirer ! Thay two head over ears in . lo ve with sub other.? Never for one instant had such a pocsibill ty dawned upes ; and yet those- fcwo menijsd: talked we if that mntoal passion were- an established fact, known to all the world, except to him, the deluded husband. / ; Helea hie; Helen | The wife wbo hr-d satiated him with sweetcesa, whoae dciolicn. had cloyed, whoim frndneafi. had been almost a burden. That she should play him false/ |hat she : should pare lor at-y other man ou earth. No, he could not believe it. Because two fools in a railwr-y carriage chose to tell lies, was he. to tbink that the womaix who had counted the world well lost for love of- him had txtroed trickarcr and . traitrtss and wag oatryiog oh with mibfhbrmah, ; Bi.: Ausll, h nbtoribbs take-a toah "who had the reputation of being ; fatal In ' hiB ih<r . - finence over women. The man had eeemed safe enough so long as he bad thought of him only as Mrs. Baddeley's lover ; but with his euspieionevf : newly- aroused, Valentine Belfield locked back at the history of the last few months remembered how in all Mrs. Baddeley's festivities — at Hurlingh&m;, Banelagh, cr Sandown; water parties at Henley or Marlow ; Sunday dinners at Biohmond ; at Greenwioh — St. AuBtell had always been one of the party. Beeehing and St. Austell had |i|iSr i taftj at; bend. Whoever ydsa was.-; lioffididi > Ihosei :lk; in evitable. He had reekoned them both ws Leonora's devotees ; they were fth| pair which, she drove in her car of triumph, Ijks Venui's dovias pr Juno's peaeotara. Cme possessed her heart, and ruled her life ; the other was her purse- bearer. Knowing all this, or believing this, - he had yet been content that hie wife should - go everywhere under hersieter's wing. , The arrangement relieved him of all trouble, and Helen Beemed ha|>py . People oomplimented him upon his wife's beauty, and he accepted their praises as a kind of tribute to himself ; pleased to show the world how careless he - coaid afford to be about a wife whom every, body adored, secure in hie unbounded . dominion over her, able to neglect ber if be bhose, and yet to defy all rivalty. CHACSUB XXVII. — An Ubtzkibbsd IiR'1'jLfcSi Mr. Brifield sat, brocding during the rest of the journey to King's Cross, and his thoughts grew darker with the darkening night. Yes, £t. Austell bid haunted bis wife's iootatepa all through the season th&t; was past. He had heard ol them riding ia the Bow ; is was St. Austell who h&d; chosen Helen's horse at Tatters all's, ana who had beea ofiieiousiy obliging in attend, ihg the sale ead gatttog AhCi asocial for price,. |hat seemed almost ridfctdonsly jtt yhriitoce withits qpali ! i i f ' if:-- He eould toeall the whole tranteethm; he win fit Austsll's presence one evening, hfttoCBMtle dinner in Mrs. Bqdley's tobfita/ Helen had entreated film her horee; nrcrag that it was cdiouB to ride hired animals, smelling of the livery-st&blee;, and suggestive of a ringmaster in butoher boots ; bow he ha$ deolared he eocddn't afford to buy ; hPw B|,aA»deUt»a .<togyjfimtas|8ietr6-sSeie economical mrracgement tto-furing, and bad suggested that a good hnto might be got for a little asked, ma»oyed uthievriftlfi ;h. -J S.Mly JifijAHia likto . , M rion'l w»ut_ail. There are : plentyof horses ih l>etoas¥rs thatmy wife and I Oiua ride when we're these.' ' But Devonshire , isn't Ihe Park, VbI' pieaded fidri. 1 L want t faoarfee for the ; Park ' WfttitefJ ;r"%fisrtolptiii.fj M Belfield cbrogglfi fits stotoidecs, frjaql Arid he would give tiftym? eitay guineas IsrBfiaek, gather tboh l sihRed tuhdw tMa un- is JPSUSa v-iV'/--; f .0''- - tiae fouxwiiL?!?! SJc.Aael, «rqq|a. WfSHag in front nt WilkiaMaasioUS.Wrtti o bred bay/horse,'; Which be was gently .laading Up and donthe road. nc iszi .m \ 1 His IMehip'sasiplimebie, endtbis as i -the horse hebfiasi'bdagbt" f 0/ sw.'iya; ?b« auf -Taieutiae a|o!q|d|r||t ca-iy. ' " "" v.ig : 4 Isii9fioandbq5k|dfcr.i ks$ ,U "J 4Yej;, sir. His Lor%3)qp'£,ye|;. . Ic/Oiida Bt him before the sale.' ? eg / ' Weilj bu is very- handsombl; and /if his mannere ara " aa good li" look, bisX<otd ship has hi a ! .Yftleat|ne Iris a!ubu next ; day, and hlm'a bheqtie" for ) fiftyseyen '"guineas, at jffiri&h; sac bqraUflbadbb|ii knocked do.Wu to /him at Tattersairs>i V At such a price, the animal, if sound was an unqucslionabls birgain. Valentine had riJdeahmi round the Bow , and had found his paces aimirsble, although. , be was \- obviously over -weighted by any thing above twelve store. For a light weight like Helen the horse was perfection. f . ' 3 4 The yard must hav been asleep when j you bought Imtc; said V alehtino. ' Oh, I kaew how. to bids, my time and , watch my opportunity, ' answered St. AusieU ; lightly. 'I am very glad you're taiiefisd with i my choice.' . , ./ More ihaa sathficd, my dear fellow.' 8c the matter had ended. Mr. Belfield, full of his own schemes, pleasures, and excite ments, had thought no more of the boree, except to remember that' he had made a sacrifice to hfe wife in fcnyicg him, ahd that ehe ought tfibe very grateful, ' To-night, looking back at the past in the new light of awakened doubts, he shrewdly suspecied that St. Austell had fooled him, and that, under the pretence of geiting a bargain at Tattersall's, ha had presented ths woman he admired with a horse that had | cost " three times as muoh &s; her husband j was willing to pay. And she had known the .'secret of the tr&hsactioh;, no doubt, and | they had laughed together at the husband's ; meanness, and at ibe ease with which ha had | been he od winked. Valentine Be.field almost j choked with rage at the idea of his own j bliudnere. j 4 To think that I should be deceived by ! any woman — above all by my wife — the wife I won as easily as1 a pair of ' gloves— and by ' heaven, I thought sh& was as mach'my own as my gloves dr tuy hVI—as faithful to me as j my favocrite di.'' . . , T j . Yet rememrinjs ea.rily she had been 3 won, how quickly she had watered in her j fidelity to Adrian, lae could scarcely wcuder that she had faltered! in her truth to him. St. Austell was Tiecina ting, a man of eminently eedudi vB mannerB deeply read in that modern literature which women . appreciate, distipctly a man to please wcineu —while he, Valentiha, was a sportsman, ear ing very little for women's society, and mak- . . ing no sacrifices to .please them, despiaing -them rather as a lower order of beings whose r nature it was to be suppliants and adorers of ths master spirit, man. He hadnever thought of his wife's lova , for him as a measurable ; quantity, whibh fib might exhaust. j : 4 She has heen a fool, find ehe lias been a ' /uet'belsuldib Ibtmjlf, ' rjM" : the' train . Vsteamed paat the fihabby streets and gaslit ' Windows of. Ulritherii liondon, " but I. dpn't believe abe has beau ahytbicg worse. It will be my busiuees to drive her with a tighter rein iu future; You haveibeen allowed to go too free, my pet. It must be curb instead of snaffle, heaeeforWftrd. ' f He had - bdBidess m' Lhndon which must needs be done before he conld look after bis wife. Postoard's deleat meant loBses whioh , amounted almost to financial ruin. Moc6y would haye fo be raised, and at a sacrifice. He could not bring himself toJ appear to bis \- mother for help in a turf ; difficulty ; firstly because she had been very generous to: him already, and secondly because there were other diffiCaitie! other debts imminent, fcr which he would hk obliged to ask her assist- "WBQS, Under these cif oUmstencba he went Id a Jew mosey lend®? and; involved . himself deeply in order to raise money against . - settling day. From the money-leader's cffics ?; he west to Tatteresll'e; where he was almost . as well-known- as Lord St. Austeil, He saw -one of Jbe chief uierks, a mac with whom be ' had bses t-a fetnilisr-fexms ever since he had been a frequenter of the famhas auction- ...yard. . ; 1 There was a horse sold hero last April,', be said, 'a fhoroaghbred bay, grahdedn of Maosroai, I waiis very much to know: et r what figure that horse was knocked down. I've get a bet upon it-.' 4 What's your bet, Mr. B&ifield;, if eit's not aa imp&rtineat; question ' asked the m&a; easily. " " 4 It it was, I wouldn't mind it from you, Jones,' anewered Valentine. 4Tvfe laid two ".to one that Ravioli fetched over two" Ifanndred.' 4 1 think you're pretty safe, sir. I remember 3 theiiori.6. He was one of Gaptaiu Poppin : tgay?s lot, and £hey were all good 'uns. I'l turn up th« catalogue in a miuute. April, 7tb, lOsh, 14:h, yes, here they axe, hunters park backs fcsaxn of coach horses.' He ran his finger down the pages of a catalogue, his practised eye following the- figores with amazing rapidity. The prices realised by the horses were written in the margin beside the lot numbers, and the names of the purchasers on the other aide of she page. v'- 4 Ravioli, five years old, thoroughbred, has. ; bben hunted wito thef Pytchley, carries a /lady,' he read. 4 Ybur money Vsafe, Mr. 1 JBalfield. Two 'bandred ud seventy eight : gmoetE. Lord 8fc. Anflieflbo&gbt;>Ticn.' » i;, 4 That's ybhr tioket,' answer Valentine; lightly, 4 1 tboughtT was pretty safe. Good' /might, a thousand thanks.' : ic . He had just time to catch an afternoon Aram for tfae West of England, a train whidi " left Waterloo latein theaftornben, Uhd whicfe wvas due at Ohadford road station a little be- ; fore midnight. Tt /was i stbwArtun, Abfl on by which be"%bulcl,> bbly have' travelled iu . gn emergency. ,,, , ,TO B« coirr«CBP. 