TIM'/ BI5D THAT COULD NOT BE iVfOVED. Br W. \V. b'KNM. 1 wan always inBuonood by ooinoidonoss, prCbSntiinpnts, end straago, unaoaauntablo tales. 1 always enjoyed reading or bear ing a! Ibcm, and lot years aspired to be the hero u! ooo. Uoura ol relaxation wl'.iiou; a good sonsaliunal tale ur ghost story were shorn ol half tboir restlnl b:a.£t. Ol ooursa I knew all the tricks ot the ghostly ruinancor by heart ; 1 was up to all his unoiout houses, tapsstrled chambers, old piolaroi, luruituro, scout, panels, end the like ; bus thjy- amused mo none tbo leal, and at one time my Only wish was tor aorno personal ox- pctieuco amongst tueh earroundinga. It ncvor Qutno, however, aud when at last there did happcu to mo a startling ad- ventsre, it wee amidst eircuwstauoss the most prozido and aammonplaoe, having for a be, rirgiound nothing more romantic and weird thou a uewly-erioiud ouburhau uud Jorry-buyt' house. l'ci,, it v;cs in such an nnpromleing plaoe, and under inost nialter-oMaot auuditions, that I passed through an cxpoiiuuco ol wbiob, even to this day, I uaunot think without a cbuddcr. Not that It was a ghostly furtn o! the torriblo, aud, though unnatural, oould not be said to no anpcruatuial j hut it was tuliioicct'.y appalling to bu classed with any l ouiaaoo of dark deeds and singular escapee. My buniucas took mo anliroly out of tbe region ol romanco, I hud never had a chance uf passing a night In a haunted houno ot room, aud, aa my studies in that nii'ocllon led me only to louk iu suah places lot what I hoped to Bud, I was perhaps less prepared for wbul happened. It oamc about in Ihij fashion. The Volnmur muvuinent had just ooiumonoud, uud 1, lil.o other able hodiod youngsture, cnliitod iu the cause with considerable cnlhaeiatrn. Five-and- twunty years ago, thoeo who had more money and leisure than tho rest were naturally thou/bt the fittcrt to undcrtako commands, without much regard to anything olso. Hero and tiler o uaciptlunB, however, were made to tlile unwtitlen rule, and I was ono of those, for certainly 1 had no money. I do not want to Uppoar ugotl.tioal ; but I had a turn for uoldierlng, was smart, quick, and fairly woll sot' up, I snoa acquired pro- fiaicnoy suOleiont to justify quick promo tion, and oro long I luund myself oaptain of my company. It was euld I had tho making in mo of a good aoldior. I obeyed to tho letter, and expected others to do the tame. Authority, however, wae oftou dinputad on parado. Tho position of an olllccr, iheicforo, who know what ho was talking about, was not always an onvlablo one, ftfiuo was not, for I am hasty and peppery, aud seldom measured my wnrdn tn the rank and fllo ; but ia tho main I do not think I was unpopular, and I eortuinly hud no idea that I was sowing the scsdi of . vengeful ill-wiil. Ooo young fellow thoro was, bowovor, who displayed a very tur bulent spirit, and perhaps I might have doubted him. Bat utter ono or two un. seemly disputes, in our relative oapaoitioe of c.p'.ain uud privoto, he, liko nthera of his torupcr, loft tbo aorps, and I utterly forgot Ida existcnoo and his narno. Alter two years, the persistant cold shoulder turned by tho authorities of tho tVer OlTuo towards the volunteers, as is well known, had a very oooling ofloot upon their enthusiasm. Many ot tho rogimonts dwindled visibly ; the earnest man booamo dirg'jstcd, and tho indilTerent throw up what little interest thuy might originally havo tal-.ru In Iho inovsment. I was amongst the former, and when by do/ rocs tho numbers h:uunic lo rcduaud that tbu whole afloir was last growing f rroical, I, too, reslgnud, and retired lor u while Into privuto lito. Hegrot- fully ? Yos. tor I had grown lond of eoldicr- iug. Hlill, I saw that, unless the movement was placed on a very difleront footing, tho position of a privuto was far proferablo to thai ot an oRioer ; Indeed, was tho only becoming one lor a oitizsu-soldier to hold. Thin feeling led mo eventually to join ann'.her corps in that oapaoity. I enjoyed tbe nhooting, tho cxorelee, tho drill ; refusing all '..Hereof promotion, oontont to play the humblo ana objeuru part of an amateur Tommy Atkins. SVheu the third year of this service wan drawing to its oloso, thoro came rouod a osrtaiu Master timo, bringing wim it, acoording looustnm, tho Volanteer Kevin. 1 oaretl little for tha hi military pro-nsnade r. ooa- trihnting, an thoy then did. tn little c!»> '.nan pomp and vanity ; hut I thonght I would attend this ono, whioh was to he held in the neighbourhood o' Ool lohcstcr, my blrthgfae, away up in tho Midlands, hut to whioh I baa nut been for eighteen years. I thought I eli iuld like to visit the el l and once forni!i-.r rpnl. 1 hoard it had improved and grown into a l.irpi manufacturing town, and 1 was envious, if no) uentimeutnl. cn the subj -el. My however, wr« low, and, although I know I onuld go inexpensively enough lor tho three days with the regiment. I wanted a lougor and ratro unintorrupnH time at the plaoe in order to give my aariositv, and nuoil sentiment as I lind, full play. Si I determined to HUond a win k iu the tnwn on the oha.p, and joiu head quarters wlicu thoy arrived thcro. A large, wild, and open trant of heath end meorlaud, fnr whioh the neighbourhood was dleMngulelied, offered a splendid battle-ground for tbe amateur anldiers, und this, in former days, had been a fi.vourilo haunt of rniuo. No.r, I win, told, tho suburb, ol Oeldahoetor extended nearly to tha skirts uf this inner, nod 1 salt ltd tint I would try and llod n lodging on that sido of the town, lYr.ll, I arrived on the Monday afternoon preceding tho Ootid Friday, and muile etraight to onrry ont iny intention, but when I hail threaded my way through what visre formerly tho limits r.t the town ia the direction ot tha moor, I simply Ion-, myself. Grown and altered, indeed, \v,ib everything, with linoe of now stretU, ire.fiQ-.ru, end bustle, where onon had boon green lanes j but eventually I get clear nf there rn.l found myself in the now nuburb 'i'lm i,r,tr,kirte of manufiotuting towns a»e Boldsu; oa ohoorful and p-otty as these h appenrrl tn bo, and although there w ,s nu niifiiiirlie-1 look about tho most recently, bum umo',3 and rowi ot hnnses, and .1 though tliiisn wore In thsmselves soiuswbat met n »'"1 csnoetially lurry-built, ' they were no', exactly ugly. Tneir intrusion upon t'vu gr.'ni Iry of Nature had rprrcd innny Hue t|i-es and olusters of trees which iuti.ruiiagllog pleasantly with the hrloki and mortur, vcf'ed and softened tho inherent ahtrupiveucsa ot tho protantictl! arehitceiural liues' A fairly b'Oad uml pretty river, willotv-fringed nod rusb-marglned, likewise lent otmsiderablo attraotion tn the dlatriet through which it wouud iu many n pic- t uiosqno owoep and bond. The row of hou-iuv, in ono of whioh I took up my abode, hanked ou to this river, dawn to tho banks of whioh xac little narrow strips of gardens, from the year ol tho buildings, whilst their woodtil diameter ft /forded a bright and cheerful out look from tbe win-lows. Thuro were not inoro than Imlf-a-dczon dwolliugs in Ohsstcr Torraue, as It modestly called it.- elf, and vrhuu I first osmo upon it and saw the wordn, Apartai'nt# for a Single Gcnlluni.in,' in tho window of on end house, I deterrniued ail o:isc to n'.go'ii tc Irr them lu-'od.-' e . was uo aboice, far at the uext door — tbe only othor ocoopled lenoment— there was nothing to let ; tbe row did not appear to have Loan finished more than a few weoka. Tha landlord was at home wbon I knooked, and a brass plate on tho door informed me'- that bis name was Oarstsok, engineer and surveyor L'he'a-xt d .or, too, number fivo, bad anothor plate on it with the name, 'Mr. R. phiol Oarstaek, 8urgoon, eto.' In roply lo my inquiry, the engineer b gged me to walk in. lis was . (Tu-ively pullce, but bis voioe was harsh, unplostant, and not without a faint foreign aoceut. ' Would I bo so good SI to look at Iho rooms ! — on tbe first floor, back and front, tie was taro he would make ine oomfortable. liis daughter in-law was an uxoellsnl oook — sbo lived next door withber hoshand, and aame ia and oat to attend upon ludgers ' Tho turins being Io», I went upstairs to iuapect. A oomforlablo sitting. room with bed-room adjoining hohind, botb simply bjt neatly furoishod ; Ihu bed alone calling for any fssoial mention. It was somewhat paouliar-Iocking, from fcoiog very lu«, iron without hangioga, and for a si a /la norun, 1 agrcal to engage the apartments for th iosidu of a fortnight, ' You have octiie lo take part in our great mililury display, sir?' said Mr. Oar.taok, watching me as I stood my rifle in a oorner and undlung my knapeaak, fur of couraa I was iu uuiform, aud in heavy marahiug order — rotlur moro heavy perhaps than bcotmo a soldier. ' Ah ! it will bo a fine display —good practice and exoellent training. It is an admirable movement, thii. My eon is a Veluutesr und a capital ehoi, but he has ?ot tnuah time — dootors aro baey men.' I exproteod eiliefactiiin, and tbo voluble landlord ooutinuad : ' As you are here so soon, you will perhaps outer the rifle competition, whioh takae plaoe this week on the moor. There are many prizes — some very valuable, and open to all comers. some.' ' Ah 1 indeed ?' I laid ; ' I am glad to know that. Certainly I shall go in for a littlo shoutiug. Thero should be en exoellent range to bo found on the inoor.' ' On I yos, first rate, sir ; but exouse me, vou scorn la speak as if you knew the place, You ere, perhaps, no stranger ?' ' No ; I knew Ghldohostsr years ago,' ' lteally f Do you know muny of tbo iohshltanti!' 'No; I suspaot not now. Most of those I know are dead, and othors would not remember ma.' 'It Is long, then, ninco you wore hero? Many years porb>ps7' eontiuued Osrstnak, inquisitively, and eyeing mo furtively. 'Aod your name, air I yonr name might be kmjwn, if not yourself ' ' My name is Qarratt— Rioherd Garrett,' I answered, 1 but I doubt if any of my family are to bo found in Goldchcstor now.' Me appeared atraok by the nemo, atarted at ii uIuiob!, and then regarded mo more ouriously than over. ' Rat now, perhaps, you will get ma some thing to eel,' I wout on, a little bored by the man's ouriosity and manner. I had rapidly made up my mind that I did not like him. fie had a sinister aspect and a bad face, though ho was fairly giod-looking ; dark, ahoui sixty, ami decidedly not wholly 1'kiglish. The cfieot my name produoud on him eot me wondering if I could romomber his as oonnectjd with the town and after a hit 1 did Ouem to ruoover a dim momory ol It. Y»e; it eortainly wae aseuaiatu'd lomehow with my aarly days, but toe vaguely to give ma a lead as to uny oirauuistanooa connected with it. 1 am naturally taciturn, and on his occasion I fnit unusually depressed. The return to tho old plaoo, the roaollectione it brought back, and the reference the man had made to my possible ucquaiutanoes in it, rovivod memories not exhilarating. So after awhilo I went forth for a Htroll wliilo my moal was preparing. Iu the oourso ot tbo ramble, I oame aoroBs tho head quarters of the looal ocrps, where a plaoard announced, with tho full particulars of tho raloB, entries, eta., that the prizis for the Grand R fio Competition on Goldstone Moor were ' now on view.' I read, became interested, and went Into tho building. I determined lo enter myself at least for the 1 AU-oomors' ' Prize — a heudsoma silver-gill goblot, with a parse ol twenty sovereigns, and thoro it stood amongst others on a sort of counter la leant of me. I thought I should liko to pull that off; it would bo very aoooptablo, and I wae prepared to beak my skill. I did so, by paviog the neaessary Bmall tsos to tho attendaut, had my name and thai of my corps entered In tho oHloU! liet of aompatitors, and Ibeu looked over it. Amongst them wus Iho narno ot Raphael Oarelaok, doubtless that ol my landlord's son, tha doator. The shooting was to take plaoe on the two following days, ao I determined that I would not givo way to tho sad memories whiah the neighbourhood revived, and that I should Infinitely prefer two or three days on ths open, breezy moor, after all, to spending them in wandering about tbu new, to mo, lonely atroets. Everything wae satisfactory and aomfort- able at tbo lodgiugs, bul the baditasd still attracted my atlootion. IVhon stooping to look at it, I tried to push Ita head oloso up to tho wall ; to my amazement I fuuod it could not bo moved, Tbe short lege woro riveted to tho floor. Was there ever such a queer arrangement? And what oould be ite purpose? It stood isolatod, faoing tbo window, but, as I say, uot with its head close to tbe wall ; tho epaao of a foot at lo sat was hstwoon. Well, I oould not m»ko it out, so I turned iu and slept soundly, I may note that a eeoond door iu tho room ippaered to eammuuioate with the next house, hut had no look nor any sign of (a'teoing on my side. It eoemod to be a fixture, solid and without any apparent meauB of hcing nponod. The next morning I onuld not refrain from questioning the young wuuian — tho d inghter- in law— who served my breakfaat, about the bed. Bho appoarod unable, eortuinly un willing, to expatiate on tho subject. It was lu.i.o invention of her father's; he wss always Inventing one thiug or another— aho didn't understand thorn. A comely, intelli gent, bat sad and snared looking woman, oent, handy, and attraativa, but nut quito of tbe stamp one expeots to find in tha wifr nf a medical man ; nor did her ocoupatioo hutmonl <u with her posUlop. Ai sbo was about to loava the room she glanced back at inn, and, putting her finger tu her lips, said, lowering hoc vuioo ; ' Djii i aik about that bud, sir. Don't mum surprised at it. Take my ad viae.' Then, walking oloBn up to ins, she whis pered : ' Kojp good friends with thorn— iny father and hushaurl I moan,1 Siartlod and . nrptiscd for a momont, I did n it rp ,n!t, and she was again about to leave the loom wliou 1 callod her back ucromn- t irily. ' What do you moan ?' I asked. « I keep good triunds with everybody, I hop i ; your father uud husband aro not likely to givo me uauiu to broak ray habit, 1 aapposu ?' ' I hnpo not ; but tney aro dangerous to quarrel with." 1 Mow long havo you boon married ?' 'Not six months, aud I wish I'd novor Soon him.' Dice your huslnad ill treat you 7' 'Not quite that; vjry near, But I'tn afraid of tiiain both.' Tears wore starling in her eyos, aud alio suxmed ou tho point of uaburthonfog her min i further when a footB'up iu tbu pisaago bcluv was auctiole, and sbofliw from the rauui like afrightoncd hare. ' riuHiaiently mysterious all this,' I thought 'nnl not reassuring. I must ktop my oyes open.' Then, in a nat quite aotnforiable frame of mind, I prepared for my shooting expedition, shouldered my rifli, and in the course of half-au-hour fouud myself one of many stragglers who woro wondiug their way t awards the rifle-rango, A bright aud lovely spring morning, wiilinnt wiud, and with a suit, subdued, yot ol lar light, it was all that a good shot oould desire, I do not linger to describe the sciiir. The arrangements wore ordorly, and ouuduotcd after the usual manner of suoh gatherings. Volunteers from various neigh bouring oorps made np tho squads of competitors for ths various prizes at various runrca. flomo wero entirely oompoiod of tbo uniforms kolooging to tho Goldohostor ooin- p any, 'and two or threo of tlieoa eventually f.ll ia wiln the oh.io:i g party fur the all- ouiii.t.' p.'iz;, :a tti.ju - o.as.-.oa, 0-. names aud qualiflo-ciuos -tlesicd, anil our rifles duly orsmiusd, after tha ouitcmary loose and happy-go.luoky system, or wsnl ol system, whiab was adopted in tbose days, we msrahed to (he range in ohrsrgo of a militia tcrgoint, aud went through iho preliminary stages "I the aorn petition, All this I pais over. It is onough that, in the oour-o of tho aftoruooo, I and three othors stood out as the four highest sowars, qualified lo shoot off ths lssl stsge Three others, and ao tboir names wars galled ont, I noted that or Raphael CaraUok. One look loft no doubt that ho was tno son of bis father— us liko him as ho could stars — tod stare ho did at me ooosiderabfy. Nor did I fail to return hit gazs, for it had gradually grown upen ma that I kusw bis faca. At loot I caught it, but only just before we had arrived at tbo oritioal moment of the oontest Bo and I had made tho two highott rc-tre, out of the four with a tic, and were about 10 shoot it off, at sight hundred vurds. Hs was to fire first, and us he dropped on his knee In position, be gavo roe aoout as malicious a look as bumru eyes aro capable uf, aud it was that louk which told mo wtioro I bad bsou him beforo. Be was that youog reoalcitraot fellow iu my old company who had io-ulied mo on parade fivo years ago t Surely an ominous ouiocidencu this — nur beiog brought together ag-iu under these uhoumslaoous — and in more dircot opposition than over I VVbetner his temper, stirred by his old animosity and increased by our prosout pusitian, uffdatod his shooting, I do not kuow, Bui iu his fivo rounds ho failed to score wuat was possible by some three or foar points — tho uanstqueaao being that I wont in, beat him easily, aud was pronounosd winner of the prizo. Tbe venom in his eyes, it is neodless to say, was nat diminished aftur this, nor did any civil nffort of mine at oouuiliation affect it. I thought it better not to refer to the post — ho appeared to do the aame. Ths few words wo exchanged referred almost exclusively to the business on hand ; and although I made soma referenoe to my having taken up my abodeunder hie father's roof, he Ignored that faol, being Ion rnuob ooonpied in Iho meal ho was miking off bis own heart with disgust, mortifiaeiinn, arid hatred uf me, for having snatched the goblet uud tbu twenty pounds from his grn-p. Ai tho cod of tho day, as I returned to tbo lodgings, 1 thought lo myself : ' Well, whatovor his young wife may have meant, fato has ordained that I slionld fly in Iho very fxooof hor advice 1' I had quarrelled most effectually with oce member of hor family, and by no fault of my own. At bed time arrived, my mind naturally reverted moro then ever lo tha girl'a retloenae about that Immoveable bedstead, sad I give It olosor exsmiustioa. This showed mo that tha legs dropped Into little sockets or holes In the floor, and oould not be lifted out of them. This looked as if it might be aanneatad with the room beneath Then what was beneath 7 Merely the ground floor baok — the landlord's sleeping apart ment. Tbe window overlooked the garden bohind. Spring twilight still lingered in the sky, aud, as I looked nat, I saw father and >on down at the ond of tno garden among the bushes aloso to Ilia river. Thoy wore both attentively regarding my window at the instant I drew up the blind. Wnon they saw mo thoy fnaed round, at if disliking being caught spying. There was nothing in all this, very likely ; yot after what had passed it was not to be ovorlooked. Again I soon turned in, bnt did not eleop wall. AI first I was Blrsngely restless, and later heavily drossy aud droain-trouhlcd. Young Carstaok und bis father appeared to be staoaingon oither side of tho bed, and then one booamo my own father — long dead. Then they bath stooped ovar me, aud tbey both had my father's face oloso to mioe. Then I was out ou the moot by the butts- firing was going on, bullets whizzed rouod my bead ; ana struck ma on tho arm. end I saw in the dlstunoa that it had boon fired by young Oirstauk. Bo wae aiming at me again I Ia my frautia efforts to get under halter I awuko. This sort of thing seemed to go on more or loss all night, but when up and droieodl did net feel much tho worse. There awaited me on the breakfast tible a somewhat bulky envelopo, contsinlng a large latter forwarded to me by my landlady at borne, to whom I had sent my addraas tho night of my arrival la Cbastor Terraoe. As I was ahont lo toar the outer envelops I notioed lhat it was soiled, and on a olosor orutioy it looked very much as if it might havu bcon damped and opened aftor it had beon stuck down, Yes.it aortainly had been tampered with. Again, I fanoied that the enoloiuro.a long biueonvclope like a lawyer's, had bsou treated in the same way. How ever, I did not atop to consider, for I was igaorsut of tho handwriting and ourious to learn rha aomouls, I was not accustomed to receive lawyer'a letters, Well indcod might I havo beon curious, for tbe dooumont annouuoed that, mostuuexpeotedlr. aoartain vuiuablo property, actually In Goldohester itself, had been left ma by an unolc just deceased. It had belonged to my father, but, through soma irregular Icahoioalily in his will, had not dovolvod upon inc at his dsath as I know it ought to havo dono. Ten yoare ago I had had a lawsuit about this proporty, aud lost it. And now hero it was bequeathed to mo I My undo and I had quarrelled over it, and had not met far years. 1 did not know till this mamtut ovou wharo ho had been living. And now it turned out be had lived and died in Goldahuster, and had been buried the day beforo my arrival, The letter aame from a looal lawyer, had beon son! to my boms, and forwarded ttaenoo to mo hare again at Goldohester. Stranger slill, and yet still '.ranger — the property consisted of the very land on whioh this now oubnrb, with Ohostor Terrace in tho oontro ot it, had boon bulls, Tni9 discovery, arrived at only aftor clnsc and attentive pcrasal of tlulotlor now ia my hand, litor&lly; took my breath away, Tns bare faota hero condensed must bo acooptod as sufficient, briefly lo explain a very oom- plioatod business. Rut thoy aro the faoti, and thai is all that ii wanted. I did not spend that day at tbo rifle range, as may be guessed. It was maiuly passed in the eolioitor'd office, and with hiai in visiting my nnalo's roiidonco— a now house rocsutly built on the estate. A obildl.-nt, lotioly, un loved old man, the solioilor seamed to hive been noarly his only friend. That gnn'.louian, in tbo ocurso of our long aonfabulation, told me many things concerning him ; one matter nspouUlly adding oousldurabiy to the ourious ooinoi- donoes which had already asiooietod mo with tha Ctrstaakt. It soems that my uncle's will, by whioh f inherited, had boen mado four years proviomly, but that about a week botoro his death, ho had had another drawo, which hQ, fortunately for me, had not signed, 11/ it be had lolt that notablo estate to none othor than young Mr. Kiphaot Oarstack, tho doator who had been aitoniling him over siuoo be settled in the neighbourhood, _' Ha ie a sharp, knowing fellow, that,' said the lawyer, 'und acquired great iu- fluenco over your unelo, I am only surprise 1 that ha did not take aara to see that the will was oicouted, I drew both up tho doeu- .moots, and hive thsm iu my possession, and I waa daily expeoling to bo aummanod lo tha old gautlcinan with hia second one, that be might oigu it. It is strange hew people liango tbslr minds. Four ysars ago, whun ha was first ill, your unolc was keenly anxious that you should havo tbo property — made you hie oxuoutor with ma— told me he regretted haviug availed himself of ths logal inaoouraoy, wbiob gave it lo him Instead of to you. Then this youug dootor gnt hold of him, mesmerised him, ae oue may say, I sup pose, (or a while, and induced him lo alter tho disposition of his wealth ; and yet tho old man oould not make up hia mind to dis< ponesB you. Anyway, you have nothing lo thaok the doctor fur— uor ho, yen, for tho matter of lhat— there wilt bo no lovo lost between you.' 'No, iudool,1 I exclaimed, and then I re- aoantad to tho laliollot iny experionees of tlio Oiritacx an-lly. 'Yes,' he said, 'it ia very odd, aortainly, that you goiog thoro as tho lodgsr, should actually, while andor their roof, bo trans formed into tbo ground landlord of ths whulo estate.' ' Woll,' I aald, ' I think I shall move my traps. Tho sooner I get away tho better now, romomberlng what Mra. Kxphaot Oar- tack said; for, letiiog alone the shooting I oculd not liavo more thjroughly inourred cue dootor's auimu-lty tine by cutting bim out of the properly,' ' Perhaps it woolJ be aa well,' said tha lawyer, ' fur, tu toll you tho truth, neither fither nor son is quito beyond suapiuioe. Ibe elder man originally lived in a very low part of tho town, and oaine there nu one exactly kuows when or why. l'nere is rumour ruat atone rime in hia life ho waa kept to retirement for ine auuntry'a good, and althoogn hia eon ie fudy quel-fisd to praoriae, it is said that, aa a tnedioal ata-leni iu Iticdoa, bo wae oonnected with eurao proiojaor of meamenam aod spirit- rapping, a oharlatau wno bad to make himself . ooaruo, I should novor oo attouiohed to ' hear tnat thie faUoHV bee to do the same somo day. Re has little or no praotico— seams to ha very needy, and I have heard that he aud hia father took tbci two aoj lining taouaos in Coeiter Terraoe with the iucaof eattotiabiug a aort of roesuierio hospital, or something ol coat kiud, Tho bed you mention, probaoly, a anmo scheme in that bireotioo. ' Wnat dora be certify my uncle died of . I a ked ai/nificantly, ' Angina Pectoris ; hot I baliavo that a all atraigni euuugn. It would have beeu Oarataok s policy to nave kvpt him allVB aa long >s no onuid, oc uuttl that soojnd wtil was signed.' Further consideration dotarmined mo, now lhat mouey was uo ooject, to move to one of the hotels ; hut tbo tbr.u best wsro quite full, owing to the influx of visitors and voiuuteura for tbo review. Four other attempts lo get iolo second-class inns failed for tno earns reason. Then I laughed at my weakness What had X to isar nt Cneslsr Terraoe ? living there, thero 1 would stay until the review was over. My co-executor the lawyer anil I dined tugetbor thai night. We decided that I should any nothing to tho Oarsluutia an ths aurioos wsy in whion fate had mixed tbe youug doator with iny affairs, I would wail and see il tbey took auy notioe of it. Tbe father 1st mo in, banded me a chamber candle with nis usual politeness, but made no referenoe to the matter, and £ finally wont to bed, sleeping fairly well. BjI the following night — tbe Guod Friday Eve — matters oauie tu a climax indeed. Notbing particular occurred at the distribution uf the prizas, which tcuk plaoe iu (ha sltsruoon I received miuo from tbe hands of the Mnyorcea uf Gjidouoater, and broagnt it home. Mr. Rtphnel Oarataok did not abow np, and his father told me apologetically that be had u patient to see at a great distance, and probably would not recuru horns nil the inorruw. The fellow osteatalioueiy inspected and admired the goblot, eyed tbo purse ounniogly, and congratulated me. Naturally I liked bim less and less ths moro 1 saw of him, and now that bed-time had again acme round, I hod n greater distaste than ever for my situation, llbt fnr iho lateness ol the hour, I really think I would have gono out aud hired a bud at any common pubiiohouee. Rut I moat pass over tbo eonfliot of feeliog with whioh, about midoighi, I lay down tor tbe last limj on that bud that oould uot be moved. Tbe eilenoe of tho house and naighbonr- hood was entirely undisturbed, Tho taojn- light sliona dimly through the bslf- curtiiaod window, I war tired, and all but my troubled, misgiving spirit eaorned pro pitious for Bleep, aud tu elosp I went in time. How mnoh of what fallowed was droam, and how inuoh reality — exoept the end, whioh was real enough, bosven knows ! — it ia iminiseiblo to determine. Bat lioiu ie my expeiieneo. As had ooonrrod two nights biforo, it eoemod lo me that the father and son wsro on either side of tho bed, bending over me, but alwayB with my own father's faoe lo each case; bul not, so previously, oroating any distress in my mind, Their presence rtthor had a soothing olF;ot now than other wise ; so soothing that, after a while, I dreamed that they were sanding mo tu sleep ; and I know no oioro of how long I so re mained, or what happened in the interval, until — well, until I found myaelf plunged into tbo ioe-oold water of tbe rivor at the foot of tho garden, swimming lot doit life to tho bank I I am no psyohologlst, end do not protend to explain what mental oondition I nad paaeod into ; bat the cod of that oondition, whatovor it was, is simply that I was aronasd from it by fioding myself in tbe midst of the deep, Hewing river, the fall moon Bhioiug bright and high above my bead, glittering on the water and revealing all objoote us olo.tr ae day. Fortnnatoly, I was a good swimmer ; otherwise I moat have been drowned. As it was, after the plunge — how taken I know not — i oame lo the surfaoe wide awake onough, an may bo enppused, and, nefore I had timo almost to be surprised, wss standing safe on the shore in my night-dren. Then »uoh a turmuil ol amazemont, incredulity, and broathloae wonder, not uiiooiogled with terror, took possession ot me tbat, for many minuteB, I oould only lean, paniiag, against a tree. Era I had in tho least steadied my rniad, the two Gxrstsaks stood basido me wiih out-strotohed hands, proffers of assistanoe, and wild oxpresiiionB of eurprise and horror, Good heavonB, sir f thoy oried, simul taneously, 'what has happened? What have you been doing? You must havo been walking in yonr aleep I' I ooold not answer, ond tbe older aon- tinund: ' Wo hoard your doer open ; my eon had ju3t returned, aud we woro sitting talking. Wa heard your door open, I say, and your footsteps going downaltire; we hoard you unlock tho bauk door and go out ; and whun you did not acme beak after several minntcs, we thought it bo strange that wa both aamo out to look for you, and »han wo euddeuly saw you Btauding hora I What mn it muao? Fray oorae indoors. Lei uo help you,' Slill bewildered, but gradually roaovoring somewhat ol my presonce of miud, I hurriod with them baok to tbe house, into the land- l-ird'B front room, wbero there was a fi e. Notbiog oould bo inoro volioitoua thru their behaviour. The yonog doctor gave mi aamn brandy, and they both aotivoly help id to dry end reolothe me. It would be impossible to raaeunt in detail a leuth.part ol what was said on eitbor hand. Sxoh a aenfliot of ustooishmenl, an 1 solioiiudo, and attempts at explanation woat on ia wild and dii-jilatud expressions, that I euppiso two hours pissed biforo I wout upstairs again; thooutaomn being that tbure soemod no way of accounting tor what bad happinsd save tha original one offirod, namely, that I had toon walking in my sloop. Cnia I doubted from tho first. I had never done auoh a thing beforo— knew perfectly well I had never boon BUbjeot to eoai- nambullam. _ Oooo again alone in my rooms, an oxamina tion of thom threw no light ou tne matter. The bed marely looked a. It would whan one leaves it altor rostlose eleop. and tha loaklcis aide-door into the next house remained firm Bhul. The prize purae, however, with Us twonty sovereigns, whioh I hod plaosd in my Iruurers pookot, had dirappaarod 1 Tho garment had been brought to mo wbon dressing below stairs, and the monay might havo fallen out thoro. Bul I was too shakened and fatigued to distress myself lurthor then, so I dropped into the easy. ehsir iu Iho sitting- room, L'no spring dawn Boon began to breaks- all was perfectly slill ouoe moro, and I was beginning to dizo, when the very faintest sound of a footstep on tho landing aroused me. ThB door opened, and Mrs, Rtphaol entered, more soared and iear-etricken than over. 'I cannot coo mutder done,' she whis- pored hurriedly, a) aho oame tip> Coq towards me. 1 Liave thia house. Ha made yon do what ho wished. I have heard him boaet of auoh thiugs. Uo made you walk of your own. aooord Into the river, hoping you would drown. Thoy little thonght I was watohiog. I dare not atop to oxplaln if I oould. Tbey might hear mo, and would sorve mo the eame-thoy will m»ka away with me oom? day, I know. Promise not to lot out what I say— only don't Irnat tbat bed again, and don't apeak of me. Promiao to bi silent.' I vainly tried to detain her as she then flew from the room, and I hoard hor, a fow tniuulen later, lighting the Are down in the kitobuQ with an ostentation of noiso. It was juai ae I bad »u<p:etejl, then 1 The txirsuniinary uoudi.tou wbion had oy»r- cakoo ins wae duo to some, mysterious trickery oouneoted with that bed — sxinv oiagneto-oleotiie hankj-p«nky ia wniah tbu youuig dootor aright o«v« beoomo adept thruagb his former association with -hat spirit-rapping impostur spuken of by tbu lawyer. Tbat wis my oouoluaiua as so n »e » h«d timo tu pull my wus togetbur. Waal tne precise uature of Ibe process was, no ono, probably, ajuid eay. N ir, for the silts of the poor woman, would I inquire t.io Jiiriousiy— at least, not for the present. Equally 'or her sake I had aostainrd from iioKtag Cirstaok aoout the bed previously. No I I would quit tbe house fortbwi.h, but without, if po.siolu, arouiiug suspicion, and, if possible, without enco inuring thueo iwj villnus again. Tnerufore, I employed (be next hour in quietly paak.ng my koapsscs aud bag, eto. At aevoa o'clock I went downstairs, feelicgsure mat tbe men would ho asleep, and aa.liug quiotly to Mrs. Raphael, said : ' I am giiug out, bnt shall bo bauk to oreakfasi at ten.' Theo I hurried away, fully aoooutr-d, and roaubed my frimd the lawye/'s before he was up Au explanation followed, ami we -li-oideo to seud ono of nil clerks to pay what I owed in Gnester Terraoe, aud to eay, that 1 was unexpectedly prevented from returning. Thus I passed tha Gjod Friday, and, cnoeidenng all things, settled to give np tlis review end return borne on tbe R.turday, aud did ao. My unanged fortunes luip ied a ohsoged. life, involving much biisiuo.i-. Whatever views I mignl havo formed for ultimately locking furthec into iny my- teriubs expsrisuoe, and, if possible, of puuisnlng Ibe oulprils, wero never oarried out, for tbe simple reasaa that, within a fortnight, loctera from my solioilor contained ths following information:— ' Your friends, ' tbe Gsrstaoka, are iu trouble Tne wife of tho yoangur was yestordty morning found doad in net bed, and tnsre ia so moon mystery, I sin told, about tho cause of her death tnat fatoer and son lie under sravo suspicion,' Later on, tbe following oame to hand -. — ' 'Che iuqueil has fatted to solve the mystery. All the dootors oould say wee that death nad arisen from future of the heart's notion, though how caueod, thero was no ovi dunoe to abow. A verdnit lb that ctleot. tberofore, -aa returned. But that tbsre was foul play Bcmabow in iy be inferred frmn the (not lhat the iwc Cimtacks have bolted. Ooe dues not kuow exaatly yet what ie going to he done with their belongings. Mean while, au examination of tbe two hobvoi has led to the discovery of an oleOtria battery of great power plaoed dir'otly beneath your re inarkanle bod and uooncated with it; whilHi wires frein it were a.induaied lo anotnor bed in the doctor's house exactly similar tu yours, aud ou whioh the pxor woman was fouud. I am not soiennfio, and do not preto-id to ex plain (ho working ot suoh mystorioin forces ; nut these diacuvonos have been caffloicnt to in iiiac the authorities to i-isae warrants for tho apprehension of both men, on the charge of contriving tne death of young Mra. Uarelauk.' Tboy wore novor oanght— nnvor heard of again at G ildoheBtor, This was in 18G4 Last year I paid a visit to the Scales, and, in a prosperous town, far away ia the VVksC, a doctor ha I established himioif, who pro fosssd lo uffsut wondrous aures by aleotrioity aud momoti-in. A pamphlet, issued by him, on the qaack diotur pattern, fell into my hands, la it 1 road, amidst a mass nl impudent verbiage, his argument tn tho effect that, us eluotrioity was a marvellous agent in curing hysteria, epdeptio fits, eto., so oould it bo turned to useful sosount as n great mesmurio curative gaot, on tbo principle of like oaring like He urged tbat aoolhiug, heaofioial trancus oould bo produoad by tbe pitieat riioliningnu a certain bed, whioh he had patented, and thmugh which galvanism oould ba applied feer tbe manner in wbieu uieotria batud are given. Need it be said that these words struck me? I tuuk a look at his establishment, and found that it sailed i-solf ' Tbo Mssmerio Hospital, ' aonduoied by Dr, Gabletan, But ne etrango coiuaidonaoe seemod destined to be assosiatud with this matter to tbe last, I happened, whilst gazing at ths hoosefrom the oppasito side of the street, to observe a middle. sged man eome out, in whom I had no difficulty in recognising, dospitn the lapse of moro cnan twooty years, Mr. Usphael Oarstacs. He did uot ecu me, and, as I was passing through tbe plaoe, I did not think it my business to trouble myself witbhlm or his doings, Bnt the fact makes a significant end to my atary, whioh, perhaps, would not have bean written but for it. — "All Tbe Year ltuund." 