; . .SUNDAY- SERVIGES. 7\, . ' . 7: ; : :P»R)tST CflUKCIl. . ... The Kev. J. Uurlisle omctated yepjorday, and disctiursed from ; the text, John iv cliap. 2v — " Gnd is a spirit : and they that worship Him must "worship' him in spirit and in truth.'' Dlatt, xxi chap., lev. — My house shall be called the House of prayer.'.' These two passages occur in different: Gospels, find at first sight appear a little inconsistent, but they were both alteied by flic Lord Jesus .Christ, who is not only tfie truth hut the centre where. all truths meet arid have their harmony.'' In; the first verse our Lord would shake the misplaced confidence of the ivnmati at 'Sychar's 'Well in the efficacy of prayer, and the worthiness of praise because of 'tlie' sput of ground or the fane in which they were offered. 'It is not the place that makes the worth uf the prayer, though it may contribute to the ease with which the prayer arises to tlie lips" by its solemn and suitable associations. Prayer is qcepptablp atid elleclivo because it is the outgoing of t jie wholo man after God, is offered in sincerity, and is presented in accord ance with the will of God. jn the outgrowth of time both Gerizim and Jerusalem will become jiractipally inaccessible to the mass of mankind, but woiship will not then cease, but from the loving fane of tho human heart. Throughout tho entire world tho breathings of prayer and the strains of adoration will greet tlie Cjir of tlie Father ql all. It is not against the interest of spiritual worship to erect a noble edifice in which public prayer is made. Nor is it in jti interests that this temple is cumbered with: the chaffering of cattle hucksters and momiy chniigi rs. it is foreign to the purpose of the place, it is a jar upon tho quiet, and con centration of soul? who bow iu sincerity to the Lord of the whole earth ; therefore, away with tha hindrance and incongruity. There bo some who say "Woiship is chiefly of the Eileut sort." There be other? who say no matter about the body if the spirit bo right. Our Lord appears to imply you shall not put the building and the ritual instead of the souls' earnest outgoing. Neither shall you deprave tlie building because llio spiritual may possibly rise above, or itsinean and sordid surroundings or keep clear uf tfie glittering distraction of an overladen ritual. Worship, then is a natural and religious duty — it is the special charac teristic of tho Christian Sunday in contrast with the simple rest of tho Jewish Sabbath up to the foundation qf the Synagogue. We should aim in public at tire presentation of a heartfelt spiritual worship in a Iioubo and under a form suitablo to it, tiking care that no intruding thoughts of pleasure distracts our devotions. Reverence is a beautiful but a tender plant. Care, for it and foster it and it will grow from more to more. Neglect it it will pine and die, and then farewell to the aroma of all true worship, In the ovoning tfio text was taken from John ix chap 2v— " Who did sin this man or his parents that fin was born blind ?" WESLEYAN CHURCH. The Rev. B. Banks, inipaionaty from Now Britain, preached in the Wesleyan Church yes terday two excellent sermons. The morning's tc?t wap Ephepi'aiis 4tli cliap. I8th at;d 10th vcrspj. Tfie text iq simply descriptive of p heatfipn people pud fieatfion life— , a torrjfllo picture which lias nover been contradicted. If describes their coudition, . its causp gnd result. Read Gibbon's " Decline and fall of tho Roman Empire" ; " Farrnr's " Early Days of Christianity" ; Kingslpy's !' Teuton Races," and you will arrive at tho conclusion that 111 Paul's timp thoy were in a' terrible stalo of darkness to all things, moral and spiritual. Yet books on ancient civilisation show that thoy were not darkened on spcular matters.' Even in things spiritual they peon) to have had their hands on tho knocker, which said "Knock and it shall bo Opened." Yet the human intellect appeared to have concluded "thus far and no farther." If that was the condition of the Romans, what of tlip savages of (fie South Scaa ? Tho cultured Greek, pq whose altar is tfio inscription " Tp tho unknown God, "iii this respect stands on tho same platform as tho savage of Now Britain, who to the question, " Wfio madp '.'him ?" ro'- plies in his own language, ";Sop)ponp wfiog) I believe exists, I don't know him ; lip nmdome." Although so fur beneath tho Greek in secular matter's, yet in -this they nrn nliko. The, world by wisdom knew not God. Alienated from tho life pf Gpd is an unique expression ; it seems to a mean living a life with wjijch God cannot f| possibly ; bo aspociiitpd. Gpd is shut out from 1 their moral being, tliey ai'o past feeling; n 1 moral deadness Iiob seized upon the soul of 1 man. The Apostle describes this us their pre- 1 sent condition, not that tliey cannot be mado I to feel again. Ik is wnndprful tq witqeps tho 1 effect of I lie Gospel of Christ upon the heathen, | to see the marvellous change wrought by it.' 9 Like as red Lot slpel plunged in cold 'fafe; H resists tlio impn ssiop; of in file, so the heart of || mnn through sin hardens until it becomes past fi feeling, and tliey give themselves over t<, fj iaaciviousiiess ; tliey nro not compelled, it jg ffl deliberate, tlioy have an insatiable desiro || for all that in .evil ; conscience is dead M within them. Tho sayagea .think no more M of killing and caring u . human being | than we 1I11 of our ordinary mrnh Lying, |1 thieviiig, &c.;, are all common and 'usual things f among thoni. We lire told of' the heathen at a liqmc— porhqjw there are forms' of evil among 1 ciyDiscd Cliristian . men wliieli exceed (he 9 wickedness of I lie . heatheii— but jlic civilisctj 3 Christian shuts fijmself as jt wore, iii "a dark 9 room, excluding tlie light which he knows ia f .outsjdo ; lie will not haye it. Mil|jpn& of j| heatliens never heard, never knew, of the ligfit ; J| yet seo tho beautiful simplicity witfi which tliey a receive it when the Gospel is proaebed to them. H God soys, " Go to them and toll them. Baptise fj thorn in tlie name of (bo Fatlnir, ' rind nf tfi0 | Son, and of the Holy Ghost, nod, lo, I am with 0 you al way." Shall wo go ? Men say attend to 1 llio licaLficn at home. Christ says, "Go into g all the wqrld." Let us attend to llinsp at liomr; || and not negject (fipse abroad, and the blessing i of theui that are ready to perish will rest with |j abundant peaco and plenty upon us. , The rev. I gentleman addressed the children, pf tho | Sabbath School, their parents, and friends p in the Church in the afternoon, and preached I again in .the evening from Psalm cxix. 130v. — | "The entrance of Thy words givetli light." | PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. | Tho Rev. Dr. M'Cay delivcicd a disci.uite | yestprduy pioroing from 2 Cnrintliians, chnp. iv., | veise C :1-" For:God who commanded llio light | to siiinp out of darkness hath sliined in our 1 liearts to givo. the light of the knowledge of tlie | glory of God in the face uf Jesus Christ," The | Scripture? represent God as iuscrutrihlo to the | finite, mind. - None by searching can jind Him | out to perfection. Christians hold that lie hps | revealed Himsolf to men in such a way as Jo | imply a threefold' distinction in the Godhrad, | whiph is known ns the Trinity of Persons. It ig | unfortunnte tlint we have 110 other word than 1 "Person" to use for this distinction, as ils 3 ordinary iqcaniiig includes much nroro than the 1 Trifiita'rjtin .tfieqiogkin intends to assert'. Ap- I plied to'inen, it involves the notion of u distinct j intelligoiico atid' will.' But the orthodox theoR- i giau does not mean' (o affirm that there are j tlireo intelligences or three wills equally Divine. Tfijit' Would ho! equivalent to an affirmation of j tlie existence of three Gods. It was the belief alike of Hebrew Prophets aud of Christian Apostles tlia' there is one only living and tiue Gpd. : Bpt within this unity there is a plurality | which Cliristian baptism from the beginning of j tjie Church bus recoguiscd ns , Father, Son, pufl Holy Ghost; Both the Old Testament and the New recognise a Divine Father, a Divine Re deemer, aud a Divine Sanctilier, while they at the 'same time assert tlie unity of God. We aro faee to face with a mystery here. But it is a mystery which reveals God to I lie Soul, as wo heed to know Him. It is unspeakably prefer- abje'tothe talk of self-staled' men of 'culture abq.u$; tfie Unknown and Unknowable — which they get fpjtli as the greatust discovery of modern times. In tho last resort wo. must choose be tween the Christian revelations and human philosophy. Reason lias utterly failed in the past in its attempts to explain the 'Uiiiveisp. . ' It will equally fail in thefutuie. " Canst thou by reason more of Godhcad know, . Thau Plutarch, Seneca, and Cicero ? " But when the world by wisdom knew ijut God it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe. 