BJJOADBBIM'S NEW YOKE LBTTEE. It may not seem patriotic, but thank Provi dence it is over. Our glorious anniversary struck us in a cyclone of torrid heat, be/ore which everything wilted but the irrepressible small boy, and. he was on hand as usual as lively as "a cricket. For a number of .years paBt we have had a special ordinance a^gaihst ] the miscellaneous use of fireworks and fire arms, which haB been enforced with more or less severity, but this year it was a dead letter to the aforesaid small boy, and the result was that JjeVn^de it quite lively for his elders on the 'jiimv|rsary- ci our National Indepen dence. iMeSpy on us, wasn't it hot! The three preceding days the thermometer had been, climbing. higher and higher till it re gistered somewhere in the vicinity of frying and broiling, and it seemed as though the party having charge of the heating'apparatus was experimenting with petroleum as fuel and had succeeded in getting up. the heat to a point which has had no .parallel this summer. The streets were like ovens and the wretched car horses dropped along the different routes by dozens; cases of Biinstroke were numerous, and the death-rate in the crowded tenement district fearfully increased. , But it seemed that nothing short of an earthquake could repress the enthusiasm ; old and young went in for an .old- time celebration and they had it. The rush out of town was something tre mendous—the half-holiday, on Saturday .giving ample time1 for ^preparation. The clock had hardlydone striking twelve.on Saturday when every wheel was etoppedjSfi. the factories of New York and Bppoklyii^J&nd; the clerks com menced shottii^ ^ t^^Bhops; many of the large stores were fuIi,of -peo$te} but they were bundled into the street with>-as little ceremony as if they were book canvassers «r lightning rod agents. By two o'clock everything ill along the great business streets looked like a Sabbath, with. one exception, and that; was the saloons j they were all open and the demand for cooling drinkswas something fearful. Outgoing steamboats and railroad cars . were.-crammed to suffocation, and..as usual Coney Island caught .its. share of the general hegira. The storms of the past win ter have made vast changes in this favorite resort—the sea making terrible encroach-, ments on this delightful, pleasure ground of the people. Should the storms of next winter equal this fury; of the past, it may destroy the beautiful hotels at Brighton and Manhatten Beaches and float them out to sea. Mrs. Charles D. Keep, the., divorced wife of the editor, of The Wall Street News, appears in Court as the contestant of the dead man's will, whose sudden taking-off I reported two weeks ago. Charley Keep, as I wrote in that letter,.was «aid to be a very good fellow^ The. divorced Mrs.-Keep does not think so, but swears tKat a .job was put up oh bfer by her late husband's attorney's to induce her to get a divorcp thirteen years ago. ..Asmear as I can sum the inatter up it is about as follows-: Keeplatarted Iife^poorj he married a poor girl, and in the. days of his- nobodiness she was quite good enough for him. She could mend his clothes, and did ; she could darn his stock ings j she could make his bed and cook his dinner when ..hehad any, and that was all; she saved him the hire of a servant and did her own washing; but the day came to Mr. Keep when that sort of thing was no longer necessary, and Mr. Keep was an altered man. Mrs. Keep could not talk French or lead the German." She knew no more about Hux'ej, Darwin or Tyndall, than she did about the .> Satellites of Uranus. Mr. Keep showed for all he was worth, and a good deal more, - Mrs. Keep did not. Mrs. Keep in prosperity keeps the same marriage vows that she -had held to in the days of her poverty ; it is alleged that Mr. Keep did not, and that finally- with the aid of some attorneys, who were paid fifty thousand dollars for the. villainous job,' Mr. Keep was detected in a position -whieSTgave the outraged wife just-grounds for a divorce, which she now wishes to be declared void, on the ground of conspiracy. lira-few weeks the whole of the shocking etorywjllbe' before the courts—the history of the dead man's life will be reviewed by a merciless pro secution, and that life which a couple of weeks ago looked so bright and fair and rich of pro mise will leave nothing behind but the Dead Sea's fruit of ashes. Among the startling romances of this feverish and changing city life—nothing more romantic or painful can be found-than the story of a.man, which culminated in his com mittal to the Almshouse on Blackwell's Island last week, as a homeless vagabond and pauper. Twenty years ago, Daniel McFarland was known to-every man upon the . press of New York city. Horace Greeley was then alive, and in the zenith of his fame, which reached its nadir five years after, and set in darkneBS and sorrow.. Henry J. Raymont was a power in- the ,i§|Wv York Times; Manton Mable guided. tHe^flPstiuies of the World; -the famous : Brooke^ ' brothers ruled the. Express, > arid fames' Gordon Bennett, the founder of. the. New YorJc.Serqld, had not jet passed-away, but made his influence felt in every portion of the Union ; they were mighty men alL The war had devoloped. a new and enterprising race of journalists, who had served as war cor respondents, men who with dash, enterprise, rare ability, and dare-devil courage had con tracted in the service all the evils of the camp. Young journalists striving for pesition wbo lacked their ability, copied their vices and im agined as they listened to Iheir stories and drank beer at PfafEa, or gnawed deviled bones at, the House of Lords on Houston-street, that they were on the high road to fame.- It was evil time for New York's journalism. To get drunk was scarcely regarded as ah offence,; and the man who was unduly sober lacked: good fellowship, and was regarded with dislike or suspicion. A prominent figure in New York journalism was Albert D. Biehardson, the famous war correspondent of The New York Tribune. He had come back from the war covered with glory, and when the war \- Was over, in the interest - of The Tribune he visited California, and laid the foundation of respectable fortune by publishing a breezy, hnl by volume, entitled " Across the Conti nent." Dsiniel McFarland was.a friend othis also on the staff of the TrUmnetand notwith standing his drinking habits, which eventually . led him to ruin, enjoyed in common with Mr: Richardson the friendship of Horaoe Greeley. At the cIosb of the year Daniel McFarland met Abbey Sage, a girl, young, handsome, and. ambitious of literary fame—a consuming fire, which has followed her to old age, and led her into the front rank of American literature. She was anxious to geton, and she was charmed with the writings of McFarland, and when be j asked her to marry him, though twice her age, she accepted him at once, for she saw with her marriage, her admission to the eharmed circle which was the dream of her life. The honey moon was brief, and the niinieter had searcely pronounced the blessing when ,the scales fell from the poor girl's eyes; her high hopes of advancement lay dead, and withered at her feet ;, the man to whom she had plighted her young faith was 'a hopeless, irredeemable sot. In the hopr of her snpreme ajgqny sjie met ber husband's friend, Albert DV :lMpW*lson j.;lie. wasber idea}^, young, fameiufe, prospectively rich and the very, antidote qf ^he.ma.n she had married. ; Shesonght fora di v.Qrceand obtained it, and the next djay. it waB anno^inced that she, was going tcTmarry Richardson. McFar land, soaked in rum and maddened at the loss of "his wife, declared he would murder the man who took her from him; lie lay in wait for Biehardson and shot him, and after lingering in great agony a few days lie died in the arms of the woman for whom he -had sacrificed his life. Just before the spirit left him and while scarcely able to articulate Henry Ward Beecber was sent for as a friend of the dying man. His life waB swiftly ebbing when the living and the dying joined hands, the nuptial blessing was hardly pronounced when the spirit o£ Albert D. Richardson tool: its flight, bat from that time forth Mrs; McFarland has signed her name Abbey Sage Riohardson. No act of Mr. Beeclier's life brought. him on Beverer con* demnation than this has tydeath-bed marriage, a storm of obliqny followed the wretched wife, and unqualified sympathy was expressed for the .murderer. (The trial came on 'and Mc Garland was defended by; the ablest counsel, and on the plea of insanity acquitted. But the mark of Cain was on him and he wandered forth a murderer among his fellowmen. Mrs. Abbey Sage Richardson enjoyed no enviable position. She was looked upon as a woman • who had led one man to his. death and another to the foot- of the gallows. Such crushing adversity and misfortune would hare billed an ordinary woman, but Mrs. Richard son, .as we wiil now call her, was no ordiniry woman. At the time of which I write she was utterly friendless and alone. The first storm of her sorrow past she set herself to work to repair her fortune. Step by step she advanced ; slowly at first, but never losing an : advantage gained,.'till to- day she finds herself in company with some of the: best writers in . the world in one of the foremost magazines of the United States. For a number of years she devoted herself to the study of Shakes peare, and by dint of her ability and perse verance has been able to maintain honorably ; sans reproche. McFarland, his hands red with his brother's blood, Bought consolation in drink, only to sink to lower depths of degra dation. In his cups the ghost of the dead man followed him and lie drank deeper to drown, the: horrid vision. At first old friends - aided him, dn account of his broken health, till finally the o.uce proud spirited journalist,. was. contented", to eat the iread of cliarity. In the end "that frail 'support deserted him. and he became an outcast and a wanderer. One night last week Mrs. McFarland was' entertaining-a'brilliant company in one of our palatial mansions with her interesting 'lecture on Shakespeare ; at that: s&me; hour a .poor old vagabond tramp found his way into the 12th Police Precinct to beg for a night's lodging and a mouthful to eat, to keep down' the cry of the wolf that was gnawing at his vitals. His clothes were tattered, his shoes in . ribbons, his feet Were stockingless, hie hair was matted and tangled, and his person foul with dirt and grime. God of light and mercy, what a ruin ! It was all that remained of Daniel McFarland, the murderer of Albert D. Richardson. Tears streamed down his aged cheeks when the magistrate informed him that, he should commit him to the home for thieves and tramps on BlackwellV Island. Only* a few days and Potter'd Field may claim him unless the charitable iand of a fellow crafts man shall rescue him from this closing infamy, and so ends the chapter of twenty" years. Bum led him to his ruin. Looking back over these twenty years I see the shore lined with wrecks of bright literary geniuses whose lives have., jpnded.-jinsorrow and shame j kind geh£i-cftg-:|Bc&i;|, brimfull of talent, hut. their most bitter and: unrele ntiiig enemies. Net? ;York journalism to- day is a very different thing from wTiafr it was twenty years ago. Now, sobriety is the rule and drunkenneBB the exception—as- man's talents are no ""longer gauged by. the Amount of whisky be can guzzle ; and to (he young man who comes to this Metropolis expecting to make journalism his profession, my best advice on this 110th anniversary week of our National Indepen dence is, "Touch not—Taste not—Handle not—Bum, Beer, nor Wine." . 