Anglican Synod. The flret session of tho eighth Bynod of tho Church of England commenced at tho Diocesan Chambers yesterday afternoon. Tho Bishop of Brisbane presided. Tho following gontlemen were present: Clergy — Von. Canon Glennio, Archdeacon Dawes, Archdoacon Jones, Hots. Abe, BanniBter, Court, Eva, Guinnoes, Hall, Handyside, Hasaail, Heath, Honlbrook, Julius, Loighton, Matthows, Moores, Molesworth, Nobbs, Osborn, Power, Pugho, Ramm, Robin son, Simmons, Tathom, Vosper, Wilson, Wooton; Laity— Mr. Justice Hardinsr. Hons. J. R. Dickson, M.L.A., H. C. A'Court, M.L.C., G. King, M.L.O., A. Norton, M.L.A., Ca3 tain Heath, R.N., Captain C. B. Whiah, Messrs. Dr. J. Hill, Dr. Kestovori, C. M. Allen, W. Barrett, E. J. Bennett, L. A. Ber naya, W. T. Blakcnoy, J. Burnett, E. Deighton, W. L. G. Drew, D. R. Edon, J. L. Hart, J. Hoekley, E. D. Hodgson, T. M. King, A. 1'. Luya, K. K. Mscniah, C. S. Miles, J. E. Noakes, A. R. H. Pietzcker, J. B. Stanley, J. H. Trimble, T. Weedon, W. Weedon, E. Westaway, E. H. Webb, J. W, Wild, W. F. Wilson, R. W. Wood, H. W. Wyborn, and Saunders. Tho proceedings were opened with prayor by tho president, after which tho roll was called by Captain Whish and tho obovenamed gentlemen answered to their names. A number of clergymen and synodsmen, who took their seats for tho first timo, subscribed the required declaration. The Rev. C. G. RonrxsoN was elected olerical secretary, and Captain Whish, lay secretary. Captain G. P. Heath, R.N., was olected chair man of committees. President's Address. The Peesidknt read tho following address: — My Reveeend Brethren of tiie Clergy, My Brethren of the Laity,— It is with new hopes for the future of the Church in this diocose— so dear to us nil— and in full reliance on the blcssinf? of God nnon tlie work which lie has committed to U9, that I heartily welcome you here on this first session of the eighth S.vnoa o£ tliis eliocese ; and you will unite with me in the earnest hopo aud prnycr that when tho three years of its life shall have come te a close, it may leave behind it a record to show that it has not rail in vain, neither lnbourcel in vain. May that same blessing so rest on the work of this its first session, that all our deliberations may l-e conducted in tho spirit of ehnrity, and all our mistakes nnd imperfections overruled to tho Vren tor (.'lory of God. HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN. But wo must not jiroceod to the work boforo us without reniiiiOins ourselves of the tliankfulness we owe to Almighty God for having permitted our beloved Queen to accomplish 50 years of a reign which, more than any other that history re cords, has been marked by progress as its charac teristic, and fraught with a moral influence which is not less vital a factor in a nation's life, became it cannot bo precipitated, calculated, gauged, or Your representatives, the council, ag you have been advised, have in your namo conveyed to her Majesty through his Excellency the Governor, the expression of your loyal attachment and sin cere congratulations. The council have gone further and have invited from every churchman throughout tho diocese a contribution (however small) towards the proposed Cathedral as a memorial of that auspicious event, which is without parallel in the 1,000 years of our nation's history. NEW BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. Leaving, now, in thought, tho old country, and coming back to the lands which lie ' by tho long wush of Australasian seas,' we cannot fail to be stow a more than passing glance at the fortunes of our sister dioceses, aud we welcome with an Australian greeting my old London neighbour Dr. Field Flowers Goe, whose Cliurch of St. George, Bloomsbury, was but a few hundred yards from my own of St. John's, Red Lion Square. It is singular that out of a small body of some five or six clergy who were associated in contiguous parishes for Sunday school purposes three should now be labouring beneath tho Southern Cross. Wo welcome the new Bishop of Melbourne with tho full conviction that his singlc-henrtcd devotion to the work of our com mon Master cannot fail to leave its mark on the diocese now committed to his rule. The General Synod of the Dioceses of Australia ond Tasmania (held every five years) met in Syd ney, on Tuesday, -Jfith October, under the prcsi demy of the Most Reverend Alfred Barry, 1-.D. Primate. Ten out of the la dioceses were represented by their respective Bishops, namely— nomely, Syd ney, Goulburo, Grafton and ArmMulc, Adelaide, Tasmania, Newcastle, Ballarat, Ilivoriua, North Queensland, and Brisbane. The Bishop of Perth was in England ; and the Sees of Melbourne aud Bathurst were vacant, but were represented by their respective Administrators. Of tho 10 elected representatives of this diocese, seven answered to their niimes. It may here be noted how thoroughly the principle of representation is car lied out in tho Australasian Church. Each parish is represented in its own Diocesan Synod. Each Diocesan Synod elects its own representatives to sit in the great UuiiMjUcnninl Council of the whole Church. The Session was held in the New Chapter House, which had been publicly opened by the Governor. Lord Carrington, on the previous day. The house of Bishops met on several mornings, nnd considered important questions affecting the well-being of the Church, whioh had been referred to them. The following are among tho principal subjects which were brought under cousiduration of tho General Synod :— 1\. Tho desirableness of conferring tho title of Archbishop upon the Primate, which was unani mously affirmed, aud referred to the Pan- Anglican Synod to meet at Laniboth in IBS*. 2\. The importance ofpromoting greater visible unity among all tho Christian bodies, who hold substantially the same creed. 3\. The framing of a complete code of Canons suitable to tho needs of the entire Australian Church— referred to the house of Bishops. 4\. The necessity for more active missionary enterprise, especially in tho newly- acquired ter ritory of New Guinea, and among thu islanders of thii Pacific. 5\. Tho need of greater elasticity in adapting tho services of our Prayer Book to the ?peciat reiiuire nicnts of colonial life. p. The adoption of the Revised Version of the Bible for general use in public services— referred to the house of Bishops. 7\. The advantages to be gamed from an exten sion of the Dliieonnte, or the revival of Minor Orders in the Church. LAMBETH CONFERENCE. The Archbishop of Canterbury has summoned the Bishops of the Anglican Communion from nil pints of the world to meet at Lambeth in tho ensuing year. Upon my informing the council of this, a hope was unanimously iexpressed that the Diocese of Brisbane would not be unrepresented on that occasion. Notwithstanding this kind expression, in view of the work before me, Ishould have ventured to ask his Grace to excuse my attendance, were it not that I see ifo other means of supplying some of our greatest needs— notably ' that of moro clergy— save by a personal appeal to iriendsat home. For tin's cause, mainly, I have replied, intimating my intention to obey the summons. Iu view of the objects to bo attained, it would be desirablo. that I should be hi England, if possible, before Easter, that I muy at once visit the universities, which I should bo glad to do before the Lent term is over. It is highly im portant that whatever I do at homo now should be done with some thoroughness and plans laid for permanence, as generations quickly pas* aud long years may elapse before again, if ever, I revisit English shores. Under these circum stances I will take the opportunity of eliciting from you during the session some suggestion as to the meeting of Synod for tho coming year. Should there be any subject which yon would spoeinlly desire to have considered by the conference at Lambeth, I should invite you to advise mo of the same by a resolution on the subject. FOREIGN MISSIONS. But while we think of Church extension within . our own borders, wo must not forget our duties to the unrenched native races either hero or else where. The mission to New Guinea, placed for n while under the Bishop of North Queensland, hns distinct claims upon us — as well as the Melnucsian mission; nor must wu forget our duties towards the Chinese in our midst Here Mr. Wilson, while in England, has taken steps which may result in securing the services of a Chinese missionary to enable us to discharge in a measure at least, our responsibilities towards their people. The day of intercession for foreign missions wus observed hist year in our Brisbane churches, and I hopo to soo it more universally observed in the diocese. OUR CLERGY. Ccming now to the affairs of our own diocese, I nm glad to record a further increase in our ranks. You may remember thot in November IHiG-the timo of taking charge of tho diocese— the number of our clergy was S3. This number, in the 10 months following, was raised to 44. Since last session it has been further augmented by the additiou of tho following : Hov. FT J. AW Bov. H. M. Bannister, M .A., Hot. M. Brownrlirjr, Ecv. 1\ J. Lcighton, M.A., Rev. H. T. MoleSi worth, A.K.O., Hev. d. J?. S. Nobba, Rev. Mnnley Power, HjV., Rev. T. St. John Pugho, Rov. 15. Buddoek, Hcv. G. J. Tathnm, MJl. ?' ' ? Ou tho other hand the Rev. E. J. Williams, of North Queensland, who was temporarily naaiatlhir the rector of Gympie, baa returned to Ins own diocese, and the Rev. J. Aldis, late of Muttnburra, baa returned to Now South Walos. ThoKov. j! M. Stuart, who hist November arrived from Enjr land for tho benefit of his health, temporarily assisted nt Warwick, work of which, however, hfe lieolth forbado tho continuanco. I am unablo, therefore to reckon him among my oifectivo clergy. With deep regret I have to record that , my duty compelled /no to Issue an inhibition .for bidding one clergyman from furthor mmistcrlng in this diocese, Thus the number of our .clergy fi nowDl. But, although this Is an increasa of more ' than 60 per cent, upon our number in little moro : than 18 inonths,we seem to bo as jnuoh in neod of ~ men as ovor. Tho rural deans of Maryborough ond Rockhampton ore. coUlnir for njon to supply neglected districts in their deaneries, and Gharie ville, Dtnundur, with many other places, aro without n : clergyman, r We must look for con siderable additions before pur Church, ? can be brought tit till abreast of tho work which is to be ' done.' ? ?' '?...????' ' ' ? ? '?'/:':??????- The Her. W. A. Difffrens, rector of Bockhamp ton, alter seven years* good work, has- received permission to take n six months' holiday, and has gone to England.* Rev. D. Ruddook is acting as. locum ttnetu. We ore glad to ? seo amongst us again, after n year's absence in England, tho Rev. E. O. Osborn, whoso earnest work at Roma is by no means for gotten. Glad, too, are wo to record that tho-Rov. E. L. Salisbury ia backonoo moro at hi3 devoted work on Darling Downs. Cordially, too, wo welcome back amongst us my chaplain and friend, .tho Rev. Bernard R. Wilson, the vicar of St. John's Pro-Cathedral, from whoso brave and saintly father I have received a lotter assuring me that it is distinctly his wish that his son should return to our shores aud to the work of the dioc-ese. Mr. Wilson's brief visit homo is not unlikely to be attended with indirect results which will more thau compensate for his six months' ubseuco from, amongst us. The interest which he has been enabled to kindle there hi tho work of the Church in this Diocese will, I liavo reason to hope, bear fruit in the accession to our ranks of additional clergy from tho old country— and badly we need them ; again and again I have to return a disap pointing nnswer to my rural deans and others who nak me for men. But I would rather have no clergy in a place and trust to tho willing labours of godly laymen than have men whose 'life nnd doctrine' witness for anything oxcopt that which it is the Church's mission to set forth. Men of the right stamp it is not easy to find in sufficient numbers. Amongst tho first tilings which impressed mo as causing serious apprehension when I arrived to take charge of tins diocese . was the ' .lack of indication of any candidates from our best educated classes preparing for the ministry. I called public attention to this in one of my earliest utterances, and quito recently Mr. Justice Mein referred to the same defectin tho outcome of our educational system. I was glad to note his re marks, aud I thank him for his help, for, though gilts and graces higher thau the merely intellec tual ure essential to the exorcise of a true ministry, y«t it is obviously for tho interests of tho whole community that the ministerial ranks should be recruited from the best educated classes. But though I am better able than I was on my arrival to understand the causes which account for the regrettable phenomenon, yet none the less serious lire the fact and its import ; nor is the situation bettered by the thought that tho causes tu'O of a nature which will not be easily counteracted until after the lapse of time. Only let mo say emphatically that till we are in a position to supply our own clergy from tho colony itself, we lack ono of tho most important eh inents of strength and stability for tho church in this land. Every true leader of missionary enterprise knows well that his efforts must bo directed to tho raising by-and-by of n native ministry— und tho same principle is true as up plied to thu colonial church. Tho amount of self-sncrilico which such supply involves is tho measure of tho reality and pro gress of tho religious life of the people. I need not repeat whnt I have said in my last address on this or on any other topic. Enough to state here thnt one more year's experience iu tho dioees* lends me by no means to modify, except byway of emphasis, most of what I then said. The expression of the hopo in which I indulged last year that one day might see a Uuivsrslty es tablished for Queensland, to whioh we might affiliate a Church of England collcsu, seems through the rejuvenescent energy of Sir Charles Lilley, to have been brought within measurable distance j a petition will belaid on the table of the Synod, to which, I believe, your attention will bo called by resolution. The question of a University has a distinct bearing on the education of our future clergy. COMMISSARIES. To my commissaries at homo, Canon Scott Hol land and Canon Mason, we are much indebted, both on account of the oilers of services which they have declined as well as for those which they have accepted ; and here you will be glad to learn that the Rev. Prebendary Worlledge, principal of Leeds Clergy School, whose zeal and attainments hi* well known to most churchmen, hns kindly permitted me to add his nmnc us my commissary specially for the north of England. ORDINATION. At my second (Advent) ordination F. J. Abe and T. St. John Pughe, were made deacons. Tho sermo» was preached by the Eev. HerlicrtHeiith. The ordination, which ordinarily would have taken place on Trinity Sunday, is for various reasons postponed till next mouth. APPOINTMENTS. The following appointments hnvo boon mndo since last session of tho Synod : Abe. Kev. F., assistant curate of St. Andrew's, South Brisbane: Bannister, Rev, H. M., M.A., assistant curate of St. Andrew's. South Brisbane ; Brownrigg, Rev. M. B.. M.A., incumbent of Gladstone ; Egiinton, Hev. W., incumbent of Goondiwindi ; Lcishtnn, Rev. J. L., M. 4.., incumbent of Esk and Upper Brisbane Kiver : Lester-Lester, Rev. G. M.. B.A. rector of Mnttaburra; Molesworth, Rev. H. T., A.K.C., assistant curate of St. Andruw's, South Brisbane j Nobbs, Rev. G. F., rector of St. Andrew's, Lutwyche; Power, Rov. Mnnley, B.A., rector of Christ Church. Milton : Pnghe, Uev. St. J., assistant curnto of All Saints', Brisbnne ; Rud dock. Hev. D., locum te.nem of St. Paul's, Rock bnmpton ; Tathnm, Hcv., G. J., M.A., chaplain ou the staff of St. John's Pro-Cathedrnl. I announced to the last synod the appointment which I then mado to the archdeaconry of Bris bane; the other vacant archdeaconry was not actually filled until after the synod had risen, for though I hod some time before sought to lay its responsibilities on one who was in my judgemont .by no menus unfitted to sustain them, yet ho at first shrank froHi the acceptance of the same. Ultimately ho ncceded to my wish, aud at my next visit to Toowoomba it wan my privilege to admit the Rev. Thonias Jones to tho archdeaconry of the Darling Downs. His domain, including ou the north the parishes contiguous to tho railway, ou the south those which lie between tho railway nnd the border which divides Queensland from New South Wales, extending eastward to the Liverpool Range, its west limit dying away in the dim distance behind the horizon of the Wes tern Plums. You will feel with me that tho work for the church which Archdeacon Jones has done in tho past justifies me in laying upon him tho . privilege of bearing this further burden for his Master, of aiding iu tho organisation of missions and parishes in tho west. CHURCH EXTENSION— DUNWI0H AND ST. HELENA. Since September hist, when I drew attention to the hick of religious ministration at Dunwlch and St. Helena, services have been carried on at regular intervals by Rov. B. R. Wilson, Hov. G. M. Lester-Lester, Rev. G. Hall, nnd Rev. G. J. Tathani, and appear to bo much appreciated by the inmates. At the former there are some 50 communicants. : ESK. Perhaps one of tho most encouragingpioces of work during the year has been that at Esk. In November last I sent Mr. Lbighton, who had but just arrived from England, to undertake tho work nt Esk, only writing n letter to the Kami Dean of Ipswich (Hev. H. Heath), with a view to its cir culation in tho district, simply stating thnt I was sending Mr. Lcighton, aud would rely on tho people for his duo support. That confidence has been by no means misplaced. Mr. Leighton has received cordial support-a fact which is highly encouraging as suggesting a repetition of the experiment in other places. LAY READERS. The following, I am thankful to say, have boon admitted as voluntary lay readers, and hold the bishop's license and authority for tho exercise of their office, nn office of no little importance to tho Church of Christ in this diocese: Forbes, Wel lesley Gordon, Arainuo; Morov, Edmund, Cler mont; Potter, Ed. Philip, Beonleigh; Scott, James Hamilton, Muttaburra; Sollnrs, Joseph, PASTORAL TOURS. Since I lust addressed you, besides revisiting many places referred to last year, I have mndo acquaintance with many parts of the diocese which I had not previously explored, comprising ?Tondiiryou, Gonioron, Meringiindun, Mitchell, Dulbydilla, Morvon, Charleville, Augathella, Tombo, and Blncknll. In two woolsheds in tho west— one about 10 milis from Tainbo, and the other beyond Blnekull— an opportunity was kindly afforded me of addressing a goodly number of shearers, in the fonn»r station in the evening, nt the latter during their midday hour. Specially am I indebted to malingers of stations and others iu tho west along my line of march for tho very great kindness with which they convoyed mo lrom place to place, supplying mo with ample relays of horses. Ou one occasion I wns thus enabled to travel 210 miles iilong bad bush roads in three days, nnd by by this forced mnrch to keep a counrmntion engagement, tho prospect of which at one time, owing to the weather, looked almost hopeless. The flaoels grievously interfered with my plans for visiting tho Burnett und Wide Buy districts in March last, and whatever muy have been accomplished in these 10 mouths, yet far more which needed to have been done has been left undone. By being more on tho spot, how ever, I have lmel constant opportunities of be coming better acquainted with tho Brisbano parishes and with other places accessible from our metropolis. CONFIRMATIONS. Twenty confirmations have been hold, at which 6115 candidates were confirmed— 103 men aud bovs nnd 342 women mid girls-of which tho details oro us follows :— CONHBMATIOKS, 1880-7. . 8 . ?? ? J1* Sept. W.-ChorlcviUo ..I.?..;;..';.'*.'.,....*.; M MTll ,, ao.— Tuinbo ? ; ? I.:;.;-....;..;.... 8 ? -a 11 Oct. l.-BlockoU ? , ? 2 18 20 „ 8.-Mitchell ? .....:...-. ? 3 11 14 „ SO.— Lutwycho, St. Andrew ? 10 10 24 Dec. B.— Sherwood, St. Matthew ..„.. ? It- 25 39 „ lD.-Sandgato, St. Nicholas ? — B 9^ ? w ' 20.— Brisbane, All Saints S;;sr'H'M- 88 MSr. 23.- Ipswich, fnoludtagSt. Paul's, ? North Ipswich, JHarrlsvUlo 82 23 55 April 19.— Jondnryan ? 8 18 20 ,, 20.— Gomoron ? 4 T 11 , „ 20.— Meringnndan ? 4 7 11 ,, 91.— Toowoomba, St. Luke's ? fl 14 20 May 12.-Brisbnne, St. Mary's ? 7 13 20 „ IS.— South Brisbano, including St. Andrew's, Holy Trinity, St. Philip's, Christ . Church, „, -TJnBOlpa ? 30, 44 74 i „ 28.— Dolby. ? ....:.,.' M 2» 61 „ 81.— Milton, Christ Church ? 19 20 30 Juno W.— Ncrang, SoutbporV ? St. Peter's ? 8 27 S5 „ 29.— Toowong ? ; q 10 23 '' ; ?'''? ; ' ' ' ; ' ? - ?'?'-: ' 193-S13-SS5 All tho Brisbane and suburban pdrishbB.'it! -will bo' , seen, havo presented to mo candidates during tho' P«st year save St. John's and Holy /Trinity,' , Fortitude Valley. A* to tho former, Mr. Wilson haa already begun to form his classes when ?no wuj , summoned by cablegram- to, England, . nnd, as ho was very elesirous of preparing tho- candidates himself, I readily acceded to his. wish that tho connnnntion at St.- John's should bo allowed to staiul over till his re turn. Had I been able to -islt tho Burnett and Wido Bay districts tho roll of tho confirmed would doubtless have been considerably incrensod. In tho next thrcu months I hopo not only to visit these, as well as tho Esk and Cntxjolturo districts, but to go further afield to Rockhnnrpton, Mutta burra, and Winton. The gonoral results in rela tion to population reveal tho weakness of tho work of the Church among the- young— ono or two parishes cxeepted. The numbor and oharacter of candidates presented for confirmation is ono of tho most trustworthy testa of tho efllcienoy of tho most important doimrtmont of pastoral work. No doubt thoro is hardly ono of lny clergy who has not devolving on him very much nioro than he can possibly cope with; notably is this so in sonui of tho overgrown parishes of our metropolis. But wo must by no means loso heart or lny blumo on our eire'unwtnnce's. To discover our ? weaknesses is only tho first stop towards remedying them. NEW CHURCHES. I have to record the opening of four churches during the last 10 months, at three of which it has been my privilege to ofliclnto nt tho opening services, namely : Meringnndan, 11th September; St. Philip's, Thompson Estate, 18th October ; and Southport, St. Peter's, 12th Juno. Tho fourth, SpriiiKsure, St. Peter's, of which I hud the first block on Ctli May, 1888, wns.toofarelistnnttoaduiit of my visiting it at time. \- DIOCESAN ARCHITECT. The practical suggestions wliich I ventured to offer lnst year in the matter of church nrmnge meiit havo appeared moro and moro necessary us my acquaintance with tho ilioccso becomes moro extended, and I aiu thuukful that wo have now as eliocosan architect one who has made the planning of churches his special study. Certainly ho has learned hi» work in tho best possible of schools. Iu saying this, there is no implied reflection ou the general ability of colonial architects, but nil who have studied the question are aware that church architecture is n thing sui yenem, and it by no menus follows thnt because a man e'an build a princely mansion or a noble pile of commercial buildings ho is therefore oquully skilled in tho special branch of Church art. And if we look at our own city do wo not find unmistakable evi dence of this ? While wo have public buildings rising in our midst which would not disfigure Chcapsidc nni which Lombard street necel not bo usbamed to claim, point me to n church which could be regarded as parallel in Church art with these ue-bly rising temples of commerce. SUFFRAGAN BISHOP. I now approach a subject to wlueh I would ask yom'most ^serious attention. None of the weighty matters which are before you in this iiddross is of greater importance. I refer to the imminent ' need of additional episcopal force. A special com mittee wns appointed by the council to consider the question which hud been raised by the Origination Committee, and thoy duly presented a carufully weighed report, frenn which you will gather that our diocese is by far the largest of what I may term tho settled dioceses in Aus tralia. I exclude, of course, the vast unsettled Diocese of Perth, with its well nigh 1,000,000 of square miles and its but.'lO.OOO inhabitants. Square miles. Inhabitants. Ballnrat ? 20,000 ... 300,000 Tasmania ? 27,000 ... 121,000 Goulbum ? 40,000 ... 95,000 Melbourne* ? 40,000 ... 000,000 Newcastle ? 70,000 ... 100,000 Sydney ? 109,000 ... 350,000 Buthurst ? 120,000 ... ICO.ooO GrnftouaudArmidnle 140,000 ... 03,000 North Queensland... 255,000 ... 60,000 Adelaide* ? 800.000 ... 2!W,000 Brisbane ? 113,000 ... 203,000 If, then, with these we compare the Diocese of ' Brisbane, nnd remember, ns of the essauce of the matter, the larger area over wliich its popidution (larger than that of most dicceses) is spread, wo shall seo nt once the force und meaning of these figures. Now in reference to the eiuestiou before us two things sire clear— 1 Thnt tho growing importance nnd need of organisation suggest that tho Bishop should spend the greater pnrt of tho yenr in or withui reach of the metropolis. 2\. That the rapielly spreading population make it desirablo that un increusing proportion of tho year— the greater port— should be spent in pas toral visitation in the distant bush. If tho former duty bo adequately discharged, tbo latter must go largely uegleotoil ; if the latter be nt all adequately performed, tho administration nt ouee becomes weak, nnd the work falters. It follows then that unless sniup step to ine.reaso cpiscopul supervision of a distinctly practical sort bo taken, th-» work of the Church must suffer, us indeed it hns long suU'crod nnd suffered griev ously. And here I tnko it for granted I need not pause, I need not hi an assembly of churchmen stay to show thM from tho curliest apostolic tiinos to tho present dny, tho order of the threefold ministry has been, to quote thn le'arned occupant of tho English Polatimn See, 'tho historic back bone' of the English Church. Nor in so repre sentntivcon assembly as this needl here insist upon the truth thnt the strength of any given body, political orrcligious.consistsinbeiugtrue toitsown idevi. We seo the truth of it— it lives ami moves before us as n lesson nnd u warning— in the history of the American Church. Not till the Church of the mother-country had extended the episcopate to her colouiul dependencies did the languishing colonial Church begin to lengthen her corels nnd strengthen her stakes. The lesson will come be fore! us in its vividness when on 12th August we unite with our bretliren throughout tho world in keeping the .centenary of the colonial episcopate, the consecration of Bishop Inglis to the Seo of Nuva Scotia, 12th August, 1787. While wo by no means sit in judgement on other und later religious bodies, or the methods which to them it appears right to pursue, wliilo we echo the apostolic nencdiotion, ' Grnco bo with all those who love onrLord Jesus Clirist in sincerity,' yet our strength is to be true fa- our own trust com mitted to us by the great Master, and it is no mnrvol to tho true son of the Church, tliat tho net when cast in accordance with what wo believe to be that Master's will for us should then, and then eiuly, include a great multitude of ilshe-s. We pco nt home the impetus which hns been given to Church work us tho episcopate has beeu ex tended. The new Sees of Manchester, St. Albans, Southwell, Newcastle, and Truro, these aro so many living witnesses of this truth. Assuming, then, thnt wo are agreed upon the importance of this lessem fremi histoiy, n*d that some step must be taken, tho question face3 us— Aro any steps practicable 1 Cau wo do nothing but gaze helplessly and aimlessly at the magnitude of tho hill before us, or shall wo gird ourselves for effort, and with well defineel purpose nnel well considered methods Bet out steadily and at once try to climb its steep 'ascent I Doubtloss, the most elesirnblo step (aud one which must soouer or later be token) would be tho formation of a new diocese ; and if Queensland had its Hon. John Campbell (founder of Seo of Riverinn), thore would bo no great delay in tho accomplishment of the work. And hero ono word as to tho political aspect of this question— for exception has boon gently tnken, I believo, to tho division of this seo on political grounds, us tending to tho splitting up of tho colony. But woidd this be tho effect— woulel it not tend in tho exnetly opposite (Erection ! No doubt it is true that any action on tho part of so numerous a body us is the Church of Eng land in this colony— 12 per cent, of tho whole colony— would affect in no small degreo the senti ments of tho body politic, of wliich it forms bo important a part. But I submit to you thnt the resnlt would bo oxnotly tho opposite of what is apprehended. For what would bo the iuunediate conse quences / Queensland, instead of consisting of tw» isolated dioceses, us ut present, would at once become a province with nil those powers of in ternnl government which belong to a provinco. The threo dioceses would bo brought into rotation with each other, Brisbane! being tho metropolitan see. So far, then, ni« ecclesiastical action coulel be considered t» affect political movements, the creation of the third see would tend to unification and solidarity, not to severance and disintegra tion. As to nivas, the Nortliorn seo contains 255,105 square mile» ; the Central would contain 2-28,340 sejunre miles; leaving Brisbane. 18U,750 square miles. True, this latter would become small by com parison, but ns it would bo just huh1 as large again as the whole United Kingdom it could not be considered ridiculously small. For the figures I am fndebte'd to the kindness of tho Hegistrar Gcutrnl. But, though for myself I should hnve littlo hesitation in regarding the matter as within the range e-f practical politics. I should bu met, I nui well uwnrc, with tlio n»t altogether unreason able reply, 'Wo hnve not yet completed tho endowment of tho See of Brisbane, and sliull wa start another 1' I nni willing, then, for imme diate purposes to admit the force of tho objection. If you press me for distinct reply, I should answer you, ' There is that scatteroth, and yet increusoth ;?' ' There is that withlioldoth, but it tendcth to poverty ;' I Bhould quote to you tho words of tho greatest American preacher of our communion, ; which speak of ' tho unrea soiiableiie- ss nnd impatience which engage our admiration and our love, became then strike the note of sx ilttpcr and ?diviner moon, of which the prudent lirojilf itldom come in light.' Aud cortainly tho oxpericnee of tho last quarter of a century of work nt home hns not had for its effect in thoso who hnve witnessed it to make them regarel a monoton ously plaintive tieni jnwifmiu an an exhaustive ac count of humnn possibilities; but rather to demonstrate for them the reasonableness of a hopeful, vigorous faith. But accepting for immediate practical pur poses that view of tho matter which snys thnt tho present ia an inopportune timo for atlrrtngtho question of tho lurgor and moro pcrmnuunt measure, is 'thoro nothing wo can do but to bownil an ineflicloncy which wo persuade oursolves .wo arc powerless to amend 1 Surely not, for thero are nl wny b two courses in life— tho best nnd tho best possible; and while we keep iu view tho foimer, to be practical we try uud compass tho latter. Now it you list mo at this moment whioh I shoulel deem tho moro olfee'tive agency for tho spread of relteion in th» remoter parta of this vast dnicese— whether four clergy or ono missionary sufl'rugnn Bishop^-I unswer you unhesitatingly nnd with emphnsls, 'Givo me tho enercotio suffragan Bishop, bceauso through tho work of a Bishop with missionary ardour, I shall very soon get, besides himself, many moro than f£ur clerify.' If, therefore, I had at my disposal at this moment £700 or £800 a year I would so omploy it ns to givo the dioceeo; by its means an assistant Bishop- and 'some half a dozen clergy besides. Thus Jt would, bo to speak, quickly doublet and ?troblo itJiclf . '. Now, I hnvo no mich funtl «t roy disposal, -but ? it see-ma probable, in consequence of certain legal action, which, in my place as chief pastor of tho dioceao aud custodian of its interests, nnd in that capacity as rosiduary logatco, I .was advlsod to toko, that a sum of not less thau £700 to £1,000 a year will bo at tXo disposal of tho trustees uudor tho .will of tho lute Mrs. Peattlo. The object of tho bequest, briefly stated, is to promote tho mission of the Church in tho remoter parts of tho diocese of Brisbano. Tho disposal of this monoy, both as to its apportionment and as rogarus amounts and method, is absolutely at tho dis cretion of tho trustees, and subject only to this, that tho grantees are to be in Holy Orders of tho Church of England, nnd holeling the license) of the Blsheip of the dioeesu, and that the scene of their labour is to bo tho romoter parts of tho diocese. There can bo no manner of doubt, therefore, that it is absolutely within tho discretion of the trus tees to employ nn adequate! portion of tho fund for the support of a missionary Bishop iu tho re moter pnrts e)f the dioccso of Brisbane, tho only points wliich tho trustees would huvo to consider woidd be whether they would rather be guided by the- Bishop's judgement of what he, from his present knowledge of tho elioccse as the result of observation and experience deemed best, or whether thoy wouUlprcfer to striko out somo path of their own. The Diocesan Council have, ius you have seen, come to the conclusion nn uoimccd iu their report; ? Further than fill t it would hnvo been scnmJy respuctful for thorn to go, hnving due regard to the, position of tho Speaking under the full sense of that responsi bility which belongs to my ofllco, I will only plnce on record my eu'stiuet conviction that such a method of application ns I have foreshadowed would be giving the fullest effect to tho desires of the testatrix, having regard to the fact that the spread of religion is the real object of tho be imcsts ; that no other conceivable expenditure of tho money at thin moment woulel bo productive of anything liku the same aid to religion nnd to the work of the church in this diocese: nay it would do more than anything else to further tho founding of a now bishopric. If I wore able to persuade the trustees to nceompnuy mo in my e-oming pastoral tour to Winton' no further argu ment would be needed. In order to retain their legitimate control their grant might bo inudu trienninlly. With every respect I commend these thoughts both to the synod and to the trustees under tho will e-f tho late Mrs. Penttie, who have in their hands an opportunity of doing u work of the greatest importaneo if, with tho true spirit of comprehensive statesmanship, they rise to the greatness of tho occasion. CATHEDRAL SCHEME. As regards the Cathedral scheme, I need not add much iu support of what I saiel lnst year. If I mnv repeat words which I have recently spoken elsewhere on the true Idea of cathedral dignity: Dignity ia worthiness ; worthiness to fulfill tho duties inherent in a position. If it be tho privilege of a Bishop to bo tho iSemtx unromin, then his Cathedral Church must, hi relation to the diocese and its needs, in some sort give expression to tho true principle of Christian dignity and priority, ' I am nmonil you ns he thnt semth.'rtor it is, I trust.- no- (bream of visionary enthusiasm to picture the Cathedral Church of St. John, or« long, through the liberality of churchmen, with its increasing staff of clergy, rising more and more to this its true dignity, nnel felt more mid more to be the energetic spiritual centre of eliocesan life ani work. It is eliffleult to overstate the value ot such a centre, particularly in such a country such hs oiun, where tho Church hns a great oppor tunity before it in aiding in the development of sociul life. All would bo the gainers by a realisation of this idea. A large catholicity of sentiment woulel take the place of a self-centred parochialism, nnel the wider inspiration which oomes from the recognition nnd realisation of our part in the larger boely woulel be more than u ro qnitalifor any small suciifico of our own. I cannot refrain from quoting, as a testimony to tho vnluu eif a cathedral centre, the words of a venerable octogenarian Bishop, the Piimate of New Zenlanel —words which me doubly valuable as coming froin one of well-known comprehensiveness of mind, und os being the matured residt of upwards of 30 years' in the colonial episcopate. ' I con gratulate you most heartily,' he suys, under eluto ?-?flth Mnrch, 1«87, ' on tho prospect of your having the cathedral, which seems, if I may judga from what I havereaelin the Britlaw. Courier, likely to bo speedily realised. I havo found the vnluo of one in my own case, and am more than ever convinced 1 at it is essential to the work of every diocce, nnd the full development of tho energies of the Church mid of the Bishop's office in it. It nppeals very strongly (perhaps more strongly in tho colonies than in England) to tho late'nt feelings eif churchmanship which more or less prevail in all our members who have known anything of her teuehmg, and brings out by some thuig risible and tangible the interest which each individual hns in her growth aud spiritual wel fare.' -For tho rest I need sny but littlo, us the Veil. Archdeacon of Brisbano has, nt the reuuetib of the Council, printed and circulated au able, uud interesting paper, setting foith iu felicitous terms the object to bo attained in the erection of a cathedral, nnd the motives and considerations which shoulel intlueucc us. It may, I hope, am-e«i' us an appendix to our proceedings. I will only ask thut every chui-chmau who has not seen tlmt paper would usk for a copy, aud then if ho feels thnt he ought to do something for tho Cathedral of his Church nnd eliociwe, not to wait to be upplied to, but to forward ut once his con tribution, be it lurgo or small. Wo earnestly desire thnt every inelividual churchman shoulel contribute something, so that the cathedral may be the gift of the whole Church. One very valuc ablo suggestion hns been mndo to mo. Tlie Hon. W. H. Wilson, besides giving £100 towards tho Cathedral, bin also promised ua a piece of laud, both intrinsically as a gift und as n suggestion to others to do tho same. Mnny, ho thinks, thero are who ure greatly interested in tho scheme who nro not at this moment iu a position to givu money, but woidd willingly givo pieces of land if gifts for a Cat hat ml La ml Fuwl were invited. I gludly adopt his suggestion, nnd beg to declare the readiness of the corporation of the Synod to receive gifts of land earmarked as gifts for the Cathedral, TENURE OF CHURCH PROPERTY. Thero is ono question of Ohui'ch polity— tho teiiuro of Church property— to winch I would ask tho very serious attention of the whole Church, for with this matter, perhaps more than with any other, are bound up tho elfcctivo administration und solidarity of the Church in this diocese. It is indeed but n part of u very large eiucstion. The essence of good government we all know is the combination of centralisation and local activity. Tlie most effective government is thut which, while clear and strong in the principles of its cen tral administration, stimulates to the utmost — by decentralisation in detail— local self-reliaucu and local interest, thus uvniliug itself of the manifold gifts of tho grcntest number of tho boely politic. The ideal of Church government from which, indeed, constitutional government hns beon de lived, is the imion of tho wholo under one central authority, and yet ' overy member' of the Ohurch 'in Us vocation uud ministry' realising his full shorn of responsibility, and taking his full measure of active interest. That there aro dangers which beset centralisation no ono doubts; tho danger, lest under its shadow local in teru.-it and possibility should liei dormant and undeve loped: but dangers also thore are which beset what I may call a centrifugal policy. Wo huvo to aim at keeping tho circumference in full relation with tho centre, the centre in concert with its i:\tivmvat verge. A part, a very important, purt, e'f this great question is tbo tenure of tha property of tho Church: nor can this properly be regarded as nu unconsldered question. Happily, those who havo fjonu boforo us have loft us a constitution which benrs moro than ono trace of h wise forethought. Like thnt of all tho best or ganised Australian sees, our constitution recog nises and provides for tho rights and authority of tho Synod, which is the Church of England by re presentation, over nil property belonging to tho Church of England in tliis ellocose, permitting only those to hold otllco as trustees (where such for tho moment exist) who have sigiutted under their hund their allegiance to tho docress of tho Synod. They hold property only on behalf of the Synod. What is needed is that loyal uUegiance shoulel ba rendered by every parish to this eon Btitutionul principle. Things will novel- bo ou a satisfactory footing till nil Church of Euglimd property is hi tho hands of tho Church of England corporation. Anel here let me pause to clear away a remurkable misconception which I havo met with : By the use of tho words ' Church proporty,' or ' Church of England property,' is not meimt propei ty of wliich the revenue is to be applied to general diocesan purposes ; tho uses of such pro perty, und the appropriation of revenues derived lrom it, must depend upon tho terms of the trust de'llnuig ? its objects or— where the terms nvo gcnc-ral— upon the presumed objects, for e.g., in the cuse of a Crown grunt or a gift of lnnd from l'.rivnto donors, if there bo no evidence of a con trary nature forthcoming, it must be hold to bo presumably intended primarily for Church piu jioscs in the locality in which it is situate. In order to set eloubts ou tliis point at rest, a clauso will bo submitted to you, tho principle of which you will bo invited to affirm by resolution. For the drafting of this clnuso I am mysolf respon sible, though before submitting it to tho council I bud the advantage of subjecttng it to the scrutiny of a high legal authority. My endeavour wns at once to nfiiiin imd set forth tho fullest recognition of the principlo of local claims, while not ignoring the important principle of eg jiw- in view of pos sible contingencies in the distant future. With thisdcfinltion and expansion of tho principles of our existing constitution, I trust that the various parishes in tho dioceso will f eul no diflleulty iu conveying, if they hove not alreaely convoyed, any Chun-h property in their hnnelstothu Church of England Corporation. Tho idea of our constitution is, ns we havo seen, that all Church property is vested in tho corpora tion of theSynod. Tho reasons which coinbino to make such notion on our pnrt elesirablo nro such ns can only bo stated hero with extreme brevity. 1\. It is tho only real security which you hnvo for the proiferty being in perpetuity the property of tho Church of England. Under tho Real Proporty Acts iu this country land cannot bu bo cur-murked as to prevent it's transfer— that is to nay, tho registered proprie tors, for auc-h trustees are, can make out a per fectly good titlo for transference of the property, trust dee-ela notwithstanding. Of this I have too many evidences boforo ma. Wo hnve just pur clinscdnsito in the west, l;ocauso tho site pur chased a few years suico for the Churoh of Eng Innd not being convoyed to Synod, quickly got into other hands, and was lost to tho Church. Along th» Central lino churches were jnointeel out to me) which wero built by Church of England ineinoy, nnd put Into tho bauds e-f trustees, whioh is much the. same thing as sayinc thnt tho Church of England for, I think, coo nines of railway has no longer a single- church. Trustees havo gone, and it baa been no ono's business to seo to the propeaty. Iu other cases the property has been in tho hnnds of ono surviving.truBtoo. . Thero is no colmilntuig .what tho Ohurch hns lost by this carelessness in tho tenure of its pro _pe-rty. Tho reasoning of those- who wish to .retain property iu their hnnds is purely Congroara tionaust. They do not eeo why, thoy should part with It— qulto unaware!, (ipparphtfy,- that their attitude is making unification1-, impossible and afflnntng a-prindplo which, whtlu it fe destructive ? of solidarity, Jus/been, -uu\ if ^persisted iu will be, the cause of much losa to tho Church. Tho idea that if n parish loses tho proporty of the .Church Its loss is only tho affair of tbo parish itself, be cuiuic its parishioners are tho immedlata 'bene ficiaries is a delusive argumont.' Tho whols dioccso is interested in overy part of it. The weakness of one port Ib felt by tho wholo. If ono member Buffer all tho members suffer with it. I hnvo thnnkfully noted various, uttorances of soino of our leading laity, affirming in nn ilattoring toues tho principlo that thoy nro mombera of tho Cliurch first nnd of tho parish or congregation afterwords— thnt tho Diocese, not tho pnrish or congregation, is tho unit of the Church's system. Tho principle of mere parochialism makes for tho disintegration of tho dioceso, aud tho church man who strives to maintain it is helping to sow the seeds of grave church difficulties iu thb future. Closely nllicd to this is tho pressing question of n moro effective orguuisation of our executive ele pnrtment. Compare, for instance, tho annual record of tho diocese of Melbourne with our own. I do not for n momeut forget that, huviug regard to economy, it is easier to administer on a larger scale thiui on u smaller— but Melbourne must have had a beginning, nnd thore must havo been a timo when thut diocese placed its executive on its pre sent working lines ; and if we do not got upon the right lines now wo shall only drift into greater confusion when the work of the dloeese increases, ns it must, year by year. The time has gone by for temporising ineusiircs. Wo cannot afford the losses they bring. Wo must riso to a truer states mnuship. FINANCE. In my address lnst year I made no referenco to the gonoral financial position of the elioecsc. I urged upon you indeed tho imperative necessity of providing funds fe-r the extension of the work of the Church, and for founding tbo Cathedral : but tills was all new uggrcssive work, aud did not touch existing fiscal arrangements. I knew from my predecessor boforo leaving Englnnd that there wns no fund applicable for cither purpose, so tho creation of the Bishop of Brisbane's fund (for Mission Clergy and Church Extension) nnd tho Cathedral Fund were obviously the first thing to be done ; and dono it was nccorelingly. But as to tho ge'noral finance of the dioceso, and in view of the fact thnt a gre'at deal of tho financial year had run out before the eihnrgo of tho dlocoso was committed to me, I folt thnt tho treasurer was tho natural chancellor of tho exchequer, and would bring forward Ius own budget. As this, however, wns done chiefly lit n meeting of n committee specially appointed for tho purpose, the Church public at large wore not in possession of the facts ; and no such budget appears ou the fnce of the proceedings of last Synod. Such being the ease, since the new treasurer has but just entered upon his work, nnd ns tho matter is ono of considerable importaneo to the well-being e-f tho dioccso, it is well that I should briefly sum marise the facts, which churchmen have to con sider. In tho financial year referred to (1883-0) the general contributions to nil diocesan pur poses nnel the various funds were only £:i»7 10s. ud. (including £38 3s. given to the Bishop of Bris bane's fund), and all offertory collections for such purposes amounted to £215 17s. 4d. (including £170 ins. ad. for the Bishop of Brisbane's fund), milking a total of £«4:i 7s. 10d., or, if you exclude the Cathedral Fund and tho Bishop of Brisbane's fund, which were new, tho total con tributed to the diocese, including offertories, was £11!-. Tlie totul contribution to executive ex penses thisyear wus £u2 8s. Od., while the cost of tho cfliee wns ut least five times thutsum. I exclude, of course, from the category the payments by the clergy to the Superannuation Fund, such pay ments being of the nature of of an insurance rather thau us a contribution to tho diocesan funels. No doubt the voidnnco of the see nnel tho interval be tween the two administrations, added to tho effects of the four years' drought, may be hold in n measure to oeeoUilt foi1 nny temporary subsi dence on tho part of -the fund; but only ill a measure, for I flnel that in referenco to the two preceding y cars scarce any better record is given— fOSD 3s. Ud. and £B5S Is. Gel. being tho totals of each J-ear respectively. It must bo that churchmen at urge have never been mado to realise the trno condition of things, for I will not bolievo for erne moment that the churchmen in Queensland are so utterly indifferent to their duties ius an unheed ing consciousness of these facts wouldnecessiirily imply. Nor need we undertake any investigation into tliis aspect of the question. Wo havo now only to deal with the existing state of things, and the ele'licit which necessarily accrued from such luck of support. A printed table showing the subscriptions during tho life of the Ust Synod, with the statements for the first years of this, will be laid before you, and the treasurer will submit to you a budget. It would be 'ungracious of mo were I to suppress all men tion of the fact that there is for the year just entered (30th Juno), a perceptible improvement. Tho total of contributions nnel offertories reached the figure of £1,329 2s. nd., us compured with £0£! 7s. lOd. lust Year ; and even if we eliminate £-_-7G 12s. led. paid to the Cntheelrnl Fund which helps to swell tliis year's statement, we ilnd, not withstnneling £1,052 as aguiunt £631, or an increase of nenrly 70 per cent. It is fair also to take into account the fact that additional stipends to tho extent of well nigh £1,000 ure now being paid by the laity in various parts of the diocese for the 18 additional clergy who havo been mlded Binee last November twelvemonth, if we would do justice to thu e'fforts of the lnity. And here I cannot help calling yom- attention to a truth which men are slow to loam, but which the logicof facts ever conclusively shows— namely, thnt boldly to fnce the work that ought to boelone, sue-h us the erection of » cathedral, does not hinder but he'lps ou other work. You will note thnt it is in tho year in which wo set to work upon our Cathedral Fund that our other funds increased proportionately. Although, therefore, tho sum total, when viewed in relation to thu necels, is eudly fur behiuel either what is required or what ought to be given, yet tho increase is one which niny be regarded ns the herald of a better state of things, for which we may thnnk God ond take courage. Let me cnll your special attention to the paper which is in circulation sotting forth tho various eliocesan funds nnd the special purpose of each. Let mo only n«W that every churchman in tho dioceso should feel it his duty and his privllega loynlly to contribute to one or more of these funds in addition to supporting the Church work in his own pnrish'; otherwise ho does nothing to help on the general work of tho Church in tho diocese. The present year's subscription list ts the largest we have hadfor some time. It contains, I believe, 101 names. We have 02,000 churchmen hi this ellocese. COUNCIL. But this address must not be allowed to closo ?without the discharge on our pnrt of uuother ob ligation. Among the many difficulties and draw backs which are necessarily attendant upon the administration of a scarcely yet organised diocese I havo nt all events ono cause of sincere thank fulness in the help which my council havo ren dered me by their hearty co-operation aud valuable ndvii-o. I cannot exaggerate the moral 'strength which I feel it to bo to a Bishop to havo around him u baud of true-hearted, clear-liendud business men, earnestly bent on promoting tho work of tho Church of Clirist. That I make heavy elomanda on their kind counsel I am well aware, but In view of the results I ennnot bring myself to express resret or penitence for such oxcesslve re course to their advice nnd lnbours. The amount nnd character of tho service which thoy huvo rendered, and tho work which they have both accomplished und cut out, sufficiently nttest tho happiness of your choice lnst your. My thanks nro duo to you for such colleiigues. Muy your choice elurlng this session bo as hnppy nnd ns helpful in its result. As you wiu hnvo noticed, I hnvo nvailed myself somewhut sparingly of the right which lust Synod gave the Bishop of nominating a certain portion of the council, subject to the npproval of the elected members. The council testified iu tho most practical manner their apprecia tion of one of my nomincuH by securing him with (flail uunnimity ns tho new treusuror of Synod, and I niu thunkful to havo been instrumental in introducing to the council so vnluablo a colleague, and here lot mo sav in rcfel-enco to my first nominee. Hem. J. It. Dickson, thnt the value of his sorvieus must by no menus bo estimated by his ut tendnnco at council. Nnturally enough iu his recent position of Acting Chief of H.M. Govern ment hi tills colony ho wns seldom able to be present ut our frequeet meetings, but his valuable coiuisol was ever ut my sen-ice, and again und again I have resorted to him for such advice as his position and knowledge of affairs ominently fitted him to give— ndvico wliich wus always given with the utinoBt willingness, CONCLUSION. Brethren,— I hare detained you too long, nnd I thnnk you for your attention. An nil important era is this in tho history of ourdioceso. Tho wholo Church is hereby representatives to consider how it can best improve its organisation aud romovo all obstacles to its life, its progress, its unity, thnt it may tho better fuliil its essential nnd chnrnctor istio duty of exhibiting on earth a elivlno order. Tho work is great, uud requires tho concentration of nil our powers in a greater and more united effort than we havo yet mnele. I am the more earnestly anxious to seo this hi a. fair way of accomplishment. It would certainly bo n cnufm of much thankfulness to inn if, during my tenure of this responsible post, thu dioceso could so hnvo been brought into working order, that when tho pastoral staff of tho iUoccso passed into younger imd abler hands each successor might find something like organisation nuel order, which is a necessury condition of effectivo work. Wliilo then I heartily thnnk both clergy nnd laity for tho cordial support which they havu given to their Bishoi), and whilo I hail tho im provements which I huvo noteel us a whispor nnel un earnest of better things to come, yot the state of our Church in its main features ts far too nearly tho antitype of,tho seeno in Ezeklel's vision. Tho valley was full of bones, und lo ! they were vory dry, Bo it oui-b, then, to seo ropontod tho sequel of that steiry ; to lift up ovor tho dry bones the living voie-o of prophecy. Lot tho hearts of enrnest mon —to whom tlmt article of thu faith is a Uvo ono -I beliovoin tho Holy Ghost, Life-giver; lot such, with «11 tbei might ot an nvailliigiiifcrcc3sion, with «U its inspiring unel impelling forcp. Bond .up unitedly flint prophetic prayer, ' Conic, from tho four winds, O breath, and breatho upon £hLlflo sluln thnt they inny llvo.' Already thero is a noise and a ' slinking ' among tho elry bones. You havo but to persevere untiringly through evil re port nnd good report. Tho lncreaso wIU hot bo withheld. Tho breath of a now llfo will corao into them. They will livo and stand upon their feotan exceeding great army. . Mr. Justice Hahdimo moved that tho thanks of tho synod bo accorded to tho president for . his yerr ablo address. Ho trusted it would bo printed. .....;, .?''?.. \- The Hon. J. R. Dictoon seconded tha motion.' Ho was sure. the address would be read with deep interest by every' .member of tho church, not only throughout this extensive .diocese but throughout Australia. He trusted, tho address would be. printed and widely, ojrcula ted. . - ,'- THemOtioawaB'oarH^.by.aoplamatloii'v ' : ELECTIONS AND' tlUAIJFICATIONS OOStHTrrBE. On tho motion of tho Rov. 0. G. Robin80M, secondeUby Captain Winsn, the following wore appointed an Eloctisns and Qualifications Com mitted : Von. Archdeaoon Jones, -.Rev. J. Mat thows, Hon. G. King, and Mr .W. L. 0-,, Drew. A number of notices of motion wore tablod for the following day. ; ' ? Mr.. Baeeett proBontod a petition from mem bers of the Churoh of England, Sandgate. Eo solvod to .cousidor tho petition tho following (this) day. The report of tlio Diocesan Counoil wa9 pre sented, and it was decided to consider it to day. Tho Rov. E. C. Osnonx, wlio has recently returned from Eugland, referred to an inter view ho had had with Bishop Hale, in tKo courso of whioh that gentleman requested to bo kindly remembered to his friends iii Brisbane. Tho Bitting then adjourned until tho follow ing (this) afternoon. Tho Rov. B. R. Wilson conducted sorvieo in St. John's Pro-cathedral in tho evening. 