SPURQEON AND HIS OREED. REASONS FOll LEAVING THE 11AFT1ST UNION. At tlm Wv.it Mi-lbminiu linptlst Church on Sunday evening the Kov. W. O. ILnining tnok for hi fmbjrot "Sjmrgcon's Creed. _ Tho ' church w,ii crowdiHl, siul the text token fnoRi t:lalian«t u, c, J): l»ut ihough we. or nn angel fuun hravun preach nnv oilier tfi»s|Jol unto yen than time which we have pruaohHj unto v»m lot him be aevtirM il. Aa wc raid before ray I now again. 1 f any man preach nnv oihrr goriict unio von ih:m that yc hnvo received, let him bo aeeuwed." In cot'iiiumcing his divciirso the rev. gentle man ».i:d Uiat telegrams had animated in tho nowprtj>erft of the pimiims 'l'iiur«lav which rcfmreii to Spurgenn nnd lus creed. % It stated that Mi Spurgcan had h ft the ihijitisi- Unton, and Mich telegram ueHhd explanation. One of tlm reasons for Spurgeon's action by m the fact thac hn may have wi-med tho Union to deljne the jxwitiou of these minister belonging to it, who xvrr»( preaching erroneous and htghlv injurious doctrine. Thu Baptist Church was one not bound by nnv creed whatever, ami Bapttst Churches holding a. Christian creed wern wfiuittcd to the Union. There was an crroiUMUH uninvasion ahroml tnat Spurgeon had left tho Ibptmt Connexion, wln-n m reality ho had ktinply left the Union, and was now tv stronger 1'aptis! than ever. It was ihu thought ilmt a |»eisi.tence in his views in the Uniuu would bring iiin«eiision that had led Spurgeon to withdraw. His resignation, however, was not such n great Mirpritm to many, nUbough it was to the 'general public. An article appeared in tho March nuuiber#of . Spurpemi's magnzine that pointc! ton com inothm in tho camp. It w;w an ar:-ic!» on tho ".downgrade," but was not- written by Mr Spurgeun himself, as has been slated. Tho Btfttommits in this nrticle.s wero so sad and painful aa to cause alarm.. What u a Xonconfoimist ? Tho Ibptist Ohureh, .-aid the preacher, in noncoiihirmint There is n considerable waiit of knowledge as to thn real menmngof this term. Tim real meaning of it is that they do not conform to the established rules of tho .Church of England and tho Uishopot tiuiStato Church. They wore thnso who wmld nut bo at the bcok and call ol a church that was es tablished by tho State. Mr Spm-gecm, in some of his utterances, had hurt Miauy by saying that in leaving the Church of England some of them had left its troth behind them. What , Spurgeon was in fear of was that the ritualistic section of tho Church of England, which waj full of lira and zeal, nnd terribly m earnest, was endeavoring . to win tho Church back to Home, and that their curucstntss would succeed. What tub Article Said. A portion of the auiclc referred to rends "The caw ia mournful. Certain minis teraaro making infidels. Avowrd atheists nro not a tenth as dangerous as iho->u preachers who scatter doubt nnd stni) at faith. OtniKiuy was mado unbelieving by her preacher.-, and England is followingin I -vr track. Ait- ndancc at plnci'-s nf worship ts tlcclminc, nnd rvorcaco for holy thing i vuniriiimr ; and we nduainiy btdiavo this -to be largely attributable to the ecepticism which has fluvlicd from tho jmlpit and -pre-vl unmug the people. PosMbly tho men who uttered tho doubt never intended it to go so f.r, but none the les they have done the til and cannot undo ir. Have these advanced thinker filled their- own ohapeh«? Have they, after nlf, prospered through discarding tin chl method? Toibly in a few cases genius and tact havo eurn\i these gentry over the dcAructivo rtyults nf their minibtry, but in many c.i>es tle.ir j-vetty new theology has scattered their eomui Rations The place which the ccnpel filled tho iuw \- nonsense has emptied, nnd will keep empty. , It now becomes a serinus question how far tfiom who auulc by the faith or.co delivered to tnc saint should fmtcnizc with those who have turned aside to another gospel. Christian love has it claims, nnd divisions are to bo shunned ns grievous evils; but l--»w :'tor arewoJu«tiG«d in being in confederacy with .those who wero depm tmg from tho truth? Fur ! the pvencnt, it behoves ia- lievers to becautiims lhat they lend their Mippi,rt and counteuanco to tluj bistrayers of the lrurd. We tear it is ijopcic evor to form a society which can keep out iiicii ba.e enough to profess one thing and belhivu another, but it might bo fusible to make an informal alliance among ail who hold tho Christianity of tho Father. If for a while the Kvnngolicala arc doomed togoduwu, lot them die lighting and in the full assurance that their gospel will havo a resurrection when the inventions of 'modern thought' shall be burned up with fire umincnchabie." In the next number of the Sw.wl and Tror.cl Spur gt'oti said : "Yea, the divergence is every day econitng more manifest. A cham i3 opening .betweewthe men who U-Jievo their Uiblcs nnd the men who are prepared for nn advance iqion Scripture. Inspirattim and Bpecuhitiuii ran uot long abide fit laince; conipromise thero can be none. Wo cannot hold the inspiration of tho Word, and y«t reject it. We cannot boltove in the Atonement, and deny it; we can not hold the doctrine of the fxll, and vet toll: of. the evclution of «-pintual life fro./rhmmm nature';, we' cannot r.TO.cmsc tho pur.idirnent of the impenitent, and yet indui'g.i tho'lur Sir hope.' Ono way or tSo other wo must go. eciaiuu » tho virtue of the hour." Tho man who wrote this, said tlio preacher, was of tho opinton that there were those associated with him who wero doing great injur>. and did not believe and preach tho Hew Testament. Through this, and in tho abstmce of a definite decision by tlio Union, ttpurgenu bad scut in lus resigimtion, 'or ' hi (tlio speaker's) part he thanked God for it. It allowed that there wero yet men who held lonmthing dearer to them than thiir friends ami the lovo of being liked. By this time a storm of invcctivo and Sbuse would havo boon poured on bin head, bub tuna who knew Spurgeon knew that none loved union more than he, and that there was uot a man with a bigger heart mid kindlier natnro under God' sun. Spurgeon would not build up a church of his own because he hud a dread of hi own name being 'at thu top of anything. This movement will set pcoplu thinking, uud show them what they were giving up Christian teaching for. If, instead of the modern thought, they kept to their old Uvea and religion, it would be a bices ing to tlio world. The Doctrines ov Spcrokon, advanced by him,' seem to have been like nn epidemic all over tho world. For two year a similar 'strife lias been going on tn ' America. There a board oat to deal with five professor of ITauovnr Col- lego. who prenclied the ductrinc thatSpurOu.n condemned. Thi board decided that theso men had knowingly nnd traitorously belied their conscience; that ihoy had received the money of tho clmrch to teach the student , when they were in reality sapping tho founda tions of the church and it faith. They wero ejected from their chair, uud were now taking action at law for their arrears ot salary. Jfo did not fear to stty that thoro wore hoiiio in Victoria who were preaching doctrine similar to tlio professor. The chairman of tho Con gregalional Union had upheld what Spurgron condemned. Ho said that thc-y could do with out thu miracles, and llin hew Testament would aland a well without tiiom. This wo .the sort of thing to do harm Scoptic wero made where believers should be, and doubtless ip the place of faith. Could any one be saved without repentance and a change of Iffo? None could bo saved wkhout tlio . belief in the blood of Jesus as an atoning sacrifice. DOCTRINK Of Arn.s'CMENT. Spurgeon believed ami taught that .Twos did not die as a great cxmnplo to man, but died to bring tho just and ilm unjust to God. That was his belief in the Atonement. Femonalitt of the Holt Gnosr ma another point nmiirionei in tho cablegram. Tboy believed that the 3:ihh taught the etfect of fall to. bo utter ruin, nod that there wan no Rope except the Almighty power taking them' in hand and remaking them. There was no hope in a reform hy better education, tem .pornncu or of philosophy. Tim only last 'cbancu was by tlio hand of Cod himself, and meant a new birth, with abeliuf in thn Holy Ghost as a reforming power. The Ifu'y Spirit effected the change whenover u»kcd. Salvation ut Faith. Mnrtin Luthcr in his great reformation, based all reforms in teaching that thnnr.n truth upon which - tho soul would bo saved xras by faith in Christ witliout any works. . Tlio doctrinn of thn reformation was that hold to day by Spurgeon. They be libvcc! that the rightanuneis uf Jesus and Ifis crucifixion on tho tree would t&lco; away ail tho sin thxy had commuted a/l those they would coumit if they only had Faith. No. striving without righteousness would briug them to God. IlTERNITY OF FL'TL'RE PUNISHMENT. Ail the opinion» nnd teachers on this ques tion would do well to look at tlio touching nf Jpsuh Christ alone, and not go past that, Tn . qur own Lnarts there nay bts a cherished hone that all who were born would become right at tho hut day, but was it human reason to bo liovot thoy would. It wa not a quostien of opinion, but thoy had lo judge of what God liad aaid in Iih Ijook. Did lie uou say that at the Day of Judeetn«:;nt those on his left hand were to bo ca-t into everlasting fire and punishment, and that tho richtemis on His right hand wonM have everlasting life. Was it not alio written that it wore better to go into Heaven maimed than to enter into Hell whole, whore tile fire did not quench nor tho worm die? It was not with lux hearers, said the preaclur, a' question of what wmm famous man had told them, but what laid between thorn . solves and God for ncccepiauce, or between them anil Hell, if there be such a place. It was with them all a great question of what were thoy resting on for a time of eternity. 