"FLARE UP, BULPITT." I TO THE EDITOR. Sir-Supposing any one should crv oat in your grand crowded Exhibition, "Flare up, Bulpitt," 1 wonder how many to whom it was a well-known catohory would prick no their ears the same as our popular " cooee" always brings a response all over the world where .Australians are about? At the theatre, racecourse, or any large assembly about forty-five years Bince it was very popular. I remember going to a barnlike building in Gilles-arcade, I think it was then named, whioh waB the apology for a theatre before Solomon built ins near the same locality. It would hold, I suppose, about 300 people, and altogether was a most wretched affair, but was well patronised by the whalers, shearers, shepherds, &o.;, who came to town to be lambed down. The night I and some friends found ourselves there there was a most sensational piece on the boards, plenty of murder, love, and fight ing, but it finished up with about the most wonderful ghost I ever saw. On the stage vo8 a tall tombstone, and behind thiaacbair. The gi'CTt was acted by a very tall man dressed in a sheet, and he rose and rose from behind the tombstone, _ and then gradually ascending on the chair he rose and rose amidst cries of " Flare up, Bulpitt," from all the house till he could rise no more, for his head touched the ceiling. It was wonder ful, and all the audience got on the forms which were the only seats, tall some wicked people at the back gave a great shove, and there was a general capsize. In Bundle-street in those days lived a man named Bulpitt, who kept a kind of " omnium gatherum" store, and be was so far- sighted as to know the valne of advertising in the news papers. I am sorry that my memory is not good enough to remember all the verses, bat the following will give an idea and show the origin of this popular cry Who keeps tbe oheapest shop In town ? Who never cheats or does folks brawn 1 Who sellt a pound's worth for a crown? Why, Bulpitt. If any one should hear man swore That Bulpitt don't act on tbe square, Say it's a bam, an' cry out Flare Up, Bulpitt. I should like some one 'to try the effect of this old cry at youi Old ColoniBts' Memorial Court, and see if it did not Btir up the blood of some of the old ones, and perhaps bring forth other reminiscences of olden times. I am, Sir, &o.;, Geelonp. G. B, W. 