NEWS OF THE BAY. . The commissioners from China, General Wong Yong Ho and Consul-General U Tsiug, accompanied by Air. Hodges, Chinese inter preter, on Saturday paid a formal visit to tbe acting Chief Secretary. Ia conversation with Air. Pearson, tho commissioners said that tbav were very much pleased with the city of AIol- bourue, and felt deeply interested in its public institutions. A nlou ous expressed iu visit me charitable institutions and Pcntridge, and Air. Pearson said he would giro every facility to tho commissioners visiting tho lunatic asylums and some of the principal State schools of the colony. The acting Chief Secretary also pro mised to supply copies of hlne books published by tho Government having reference to pnblic institutions. After the formal part of the in terview, Mr. Pearson briefly discussed with the commissioners the question whether railways were likely soon to he introduced into China. Mr. Hodges volunteered tho opinion that reli gions prejudices were likely to bar the way, nnd tbo acting Chief Secretary asked whether any difficulty was apprehended in taking tbe lines in tho vicinity of temples and grave yards. , General Ho, who "is an exceilent linguist, said i he did not think tbe difficulties were insur mountable, aud that the question was one purely of capital. Aliss Gordon Camming, ia her interesting work on China, remarks that the , respect in which Chinamen hold the dead | amounts to absolute worship, or a kind of ! slavery of the liviug to tho dead. " Ancestral \- worship is tho keystone," she writes, " of aU j existence in the Celestial Empire. It per- . meatcs all life, affecting oven the most trivinl . details of every day existence, and is an in fluence tenfold more potent for keeping tbo people in the bondage of gross superstition : than all the countless idols of the land, as it ' impels every man to he for ever looking back ward instead of forward. From the birth to his grave tbe chief aim and end of every Chinaman is this constant propitiation of the ilead." vThe Chinese Commissioners visited the Zoological Gardens on Saturday, bat otherwise ha re seen nothing of the sights of Melbourne. Yetderday they were the guests of Air. Konw Meng, at Esst St. Kilda, when\ there was a considerable gather ing .of the Chinese residents of Melbonrne to meet them. It is probable that to-day their Excellencies will visit the Town Hall and thotlnw Courts. His Honor tho Chief Justice hasispccially invited them to go over the courts nniLthe Commissioners wcro highly gratified nt the invitation. After to-day tho Commissioners will enter upon a general round of sight seeing, and havo already received invitations to in spect u- number of local industries. Air. Steinfcld.-on behalf of tho Chamber of Alnuu- fac tin es, lrna undertaken to bo guide, philosopher and friend to tho visitors, nnd placo all possible information before them relating to our manu facturing industries. This year -there will bo a largo surplus of receipts from selectors' progress payments above tho ostimalcd revenue. Five weeks of . tho financial year liavo yet to expire, and tho actnal payments made by selectors already exceed the anticipated revenue by £-18,006. When tho financial year lias closed, it is ex pected that there will he a surplus of over £50,000 in the territorial revenue. The Commissioner of Trade and Cnstoms on Saturday proceeded by tlie Goveimneut steamer Lady Loch on a visit, along tho eastern shores of Hobson's Bay, with. a view of inquiring into tho merits of a number of requests made from time to time for the erection of wharves and jetties. Ho was accompanied by Mr. A. Wilson, engineer in charge of ports and har bors, whose knowledgo of tho various tidal changes and depths of the Bay will he of great assistance. This visit will complete the Com missioner's inspection of Hobson's Bay. The Lady Loch will return to Melbourne to-day. The Jericho Prospecting Association report to the Aliniug department that the No. 3 party, has been prospecting a granite dyke on the dividing spur between Abcrfcldy and Jordan Rivers, bearing north-west from Alount Look out, but met w'tli no success. The camp has since been shifted to the Thompson River, about 4 miles from Mount Look-out, where " good looking country, containing colors -nt gold, but no reef as yet," has been met with. This is tho furthest western gold bearing country dis covered in tho district. The prospectors report that manganese, iron nnd pyrites abound, but that it will take some time to thoroughly test tho locality. Another parly has bcon prospect ing between the upper and lower Jordnu Rivor. Several quartz loadors, varying from 6 inches to 1 foot in thickness, havo been intersected, and gold was found in throe places, but not in payable quantities. On tho recommendation of tho Postmaster- General au order has been adopted by tho Governor in Council, reducing the annual rental of private postal boxes from £2 2s. to £1 Is.; for six months, from £1 Is. to 10s. 6d.; and for three months, from 10s. 6d. to 5s. No box will he let for a less period than three months. The fees must bo paid iu advance, and will bo chargeable from the 1st January, tho 1st April and tho 1st July, or tho 1st Octo ber in each year. The postal authorities have arranged to open new post otficc3 on the 1st June at Dookie West, near Casbcl ; nnd Afitro Lake, near Arapiles. For tho former place mails will close at the General Pest Office on Monday, Wed nesday and Friday morning nt a quarter to 6, nnd at the same hour on Tacsdays and Fridays for the latter. Air. Watson, the Enginecr-in-Chief of Vic torian Railways, accompanied by Mr. Anderson and Mr. Lunt, inspected on Saturday the second section of the Creswick and Dayles- ford line, from the latter place to Rocky Lead, with a view of ascertaining whether it would bo ready for opening on the 1st of June next. Tho first section from Creswick to Rocky Lead has, by au arrangement with tho contractors for the whole line, been worked by tho Railway depart ment for somo time past. The officers on Saturday found tho second section ia good order ; consequently the official opening, for which preparations havo beer, made by the borongh council and residents of Daylesford, will take placo as already arranged. Tho spread of typhoid fever to all parts of tho colony is a moro serious matter than tho Central Board of Health seem disposed to allow. Sinco tho commencement of the year there have been between 50 and 70 now cases reported per week to tho board. The pro portion of deaths has been quite alarming. For the week ending 22nd inst. out of 62 cases re ported 23 were fatal ones. When small-pox broke out. in Victoria the central board became alivo with excitement, which threw the public into a corresponding stato of alarm. Yot oven in tho greatest scare thus produced tlie total number of deaths never exceeded half a dozen. But at present 15 to 20 persons die every week from typhoid fever, and tho central board makes no special effort to inform the com munity of the vigorous measures which should .bo adopted to check tho spread of the fever. Tbecentral health authorities have eveu allowed their indifference to go 60 far as to stop pro- paring summarised records of the number of coses reported each day and how many of them haive proved fatal. The Government Geologist of South Aus tralia, Air. H. Y. L. Brown, F.G.S;, has pub lished iu book form au official record of tho mines of that colony. The publication is replete with intorcst, auil will servo as a reliable introduction to tho mining conducted in South Australia. Some particulars are given of tho amount of work done on each mine, of tho stride and underlay of tho lodes, the ores thoy contain, the number of tons of ores raised to tho surface, tho character of tho rock passed through and of that of tho surrounding country. Though this information is not as futl as might be wished for, it has to be remembered that the Government have refused to establish a department of Alines, mining in South Australia not having attained yet to tho importance which the industry assumes iu Victoria. And yet, without the aid of a costly Mining department such as exists in Victoria, Air. Brown has been able to issue a valuable record which our own Mining department would do well to copy. A record of n similar chsrncter, only moro com plete, published about Victoriau mines would servo a far more useful purpose than the un readable and meaningless quarterly reports nnd statistics issued by the Mining department here. But what gives special Torino to tho record published by Mr. Brown as compared with the publications issued by the Victorian department of Mines is the fact that the former is a work prepared by an expert who knows something nbout mining, while the latter is merely a clerical compil ation of no special merit. Air, Brown, in a preface, refers to tho neglected state of the silver, copper and gold mines of -South Aus tralia, which he attributes in part to tho great nnmbor of inexperienced aud unmonoyed men who engago in mining. Fioui the want of knowledge mines arc frequently opened in strata where little or noprospcct of success is likely to attend the work. Promoters and managers of mines ore frequently ignorant of the first principles that govern the accumulation of ore deposits. Mr. Brown says : — " The present ago demands a moro intelligent class of mine cup- tains, ongineers nud miners, and the establish ment of schools of mines becomes every year moro necessary. The time has passed for mines to be managed by rule of thumb." The election of a member of tbe University Council in the place of the late Rev. Alexander Morisou will be proceeded with at a meeting of the University senate, to be held to-morrow at the Ascembly Hall. The only candidato in the field is Dr. T. F. Bride, LL. D. , who lias been nominated by Professor H. B. Allen, M.D., and Dr. Leeper, LL.D. , and ho will accordingly bo duly elected. Tho senate will then proceed to debato tho ullciatiuua iu uis regulations pro posed by tho council, after whieh, if time permits, Mr. J. Robertson, ALA., will move " that, in the opiuion of the senate, no part of any examination whatever iu the University of Melbonrne should consist in requiring transla tion of any kind (prose or verse, continnons passage or isolated sentences) into a dead languago." The following statute, proposed by the council, will also receive consideration : — " That statutes chapter X., section 15, he repealed, and tho following adopted instead thereof : — ' When any certificated teacher, who has passed the matriculation examination, and has subsequently jiassed under the foregoing section in such subjects and iu such manner as would if he were a candidate for a degree have entitled him to be entered as baring com pleted tho whole or any portion of the course lot that degree, ho may, on becoming a matriculated student, and on paying such lee as would with the fees already paid make up tbe ordinary payment, be entered as having com pleted the whole or any portion of snch conrso as the case may be. Provided that if any per son admitted under this section shall become a candidate for a Wyselaski scholarship, the date of his passing the matriculation examination shall be the dato of his matriculation. " Trinity College has received an important addition to its teaching staff by the appoint ment, as a classical lectorer, of Air. W. E. Barker, B.A, Fellow of Trinity College, Cam bridge, who has jnst arrived -in Melbourne. Mr. Barker won the Browne University Scholar ship and Chancellor's Medal for Classics iu the University of Cambridge, aud his name appears at tho head of tho first class in the classical tripos for the year 1831. He is also a classical exhibitioner aud scholar of London University, and held for some time the post ot lecturer in classics at Newnham College, Cambridge. Mr. Barker will enter upon his duties at Trinity College ip the o netting July term. The Rev. Dr. Cameron Lees, Dean of the Chapel lioyal and of the Thistle, occupied the pulpit in Scots' Chmchcesterday morning and ovening. On both cccarions a groat number of persons had to .bo turned away from tho doors, owing to there being more applicants for admission than room to nccommodato them. Dr. Lees delivered in tho morning a sermon which indicntcd his idea of tho general scops of the church, but ho carefully refrained from making any allusion to tho troubles which have been the cause of so much feeling in the Scots' Church. So far as the old Scots' Church congregation ore concerned, it would appear from tho intense iutcrest takeu in tho preacher's first deliverances that ho is looked upon as a rallying poinf, and that as soon as tlicro is u settled minister there will be as largo and influential a congregation as there was before the time of tho lamentable schism. Tho Bishop of Melbourne paid his first visit to South Afclbonrnc on Sunday morning, when he preached to a very large congregation at St. Luke's Church, Dorcas-street. The first part of the service was conducted by tho Rev. R. B. Dickinson, M.A., incumbent of tho church, and the Bishop preached tho sermon, and took his text from tlie Acts of the Apostles, 2nd chapter, and 42nd to 47th verse, " And they continued steadfastly in the Apostles' doctrine andafcllowship, nnd in breaking of bread, and in prayers. And fear came npon every soul, and wonders and signs wcro done by tho Apostles. And all that behoved were together, and had all things common ; nnd sold thoir possessions and goods and parted them to all men, as every man had need. And they, continuing daily with ono accord in the temple, and breaking bread from honso to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart, praising God and having favor with tho people, and the Lord added daily to the church such as should be saved." Ho considered that the words of the text contained a delightful picture of thoprimi- tivo church, nnd of tho fulfilment of the promise of tho Lord to he with those who feared Him. That day was tho day of Pentecost, and the ' verses described the results of tho gift ot the Holy Ghost which appeared in tho spirit of the early disciples. The word of truth was appreciated by them, and they delighted to go where it could.be heard. Again they con tinued in Christian fellowship, and' they re joiced to meet together as partakers of Christian hope. Some persous frequently said, "lean worship just a6 well at home, and there is no need to go to church ;" but he considered that jicople of this description would havo very little sympathy for tho early Christians, who believed in tho communion of saiuts. Tbe text taught them that religion should enter into and pervade the life of a true Christian, and that he should allow a religious spirit to be forever dominant Thoy also found that the early Christians continued steadfastly in prayer, and with one accord congregated in the temple daily. There were certain proscribed hours for the observance of daily worship, und tho early Christians rigorously observed them. Wo need a copious outpouring of tho word of God, and should tho Lord pour ont his holy spirit its effect would be manifested in a demand for more services and a larger attendance at tlie honso of prayer. A third characteristic was their holy joy, and tho more happy a Christian was the moro likely was ho fo do good. Numbers were also constantly added to tlieir churcb which indicated the presence of the Holy Ghost in their midst. Adverting to the mission of the church to tbe aborigines aud Chinese, the reverend gentleman said thatthe disciples obeyed the command, " Go unto all the world and preach tho Gospel," and wo should also long to send a knowledgo of the Scriptures to those in darkness. Those who took pleasure in mis sionary work, and delighted m reading infor mation as to the serving of God in a missionary ond, were those who always got their hearts warmed with the love of onr Saviour, Jesus Christ. An influential and representative meeting of tho residonts of tho Plenty district was held on Friday at Timms's Hotel, Whittlesea. Dr. T. Sorrell, Af.D., J.P., occupied tho chair, and Air. J. Ryan acted as secretary. Corres pondence was read from the Fitzroy Railway Leagne, soliciting support for an extension ol the Whittlesea line through Fitzroy to Flinders- street, and forwarding lithographed plan show ing the proposed route through Fitzroy. The fol lowing resolutions were unanimously adopted "That in view of the Whittlesea line being now surveyed for somo time, and hut little if any engineering difficulty standing in tho way of its constrnction, the conntry being com paratively level, it is desirable that tenders should be called for the work in June, as promised by tho chairman of the Railway Com missioners, and that the time allowed for com pletion should not, in our opinion, exceed 12 mouths from acceptance of tender." It was also unanimously resolved, "That this meeting giro its support to tho Fitzroy Railway Leagne toenAble it to get a bill passed through Parlia ment to make a railway from Flinders-street station to join the Whittlesea line." After tho customary votes of thanks to the chairman, &c.;, the meeting broke up. Complaints of a somewhat serious char acter havo been mado to tho school board of advice at Prahran of severe punishment having been inflicted npon children attending the lJornby-strcet State school. The board recently communicated with Mr. Connel, tho head teacher, and Air. J. H. Jones, the com plainant, requesting their attendance at their last meeting. Tho former, however, failed to appear, nnd in a letter expressing his inability to bo present ho intimated having no recollec tion of tho snbjcct of complaint, aud stated that if tho boy was severely punished he would have recorded it. Air. Jones pnt in an appear ance and represented that his son, a lad 12 years old, had returned from school with hit hand bleeding and injured io tho extent that for several days he was unable to uso it from tho effects of a thrashing recoived from the bend teacher, no also alleged that his wife called on Air. Connel tho following day, when she was told that she had better send her boy to another school. Iu discussing the matter the board thought it an extfaordiuary circumstance that Mr. Conuel had no recollection of tho matter when it was brought under his notice the next day, and a member of tbo board ob served that he had heard a number of coin plaints of a like description. Ultimately a resolution was carried to the effect that tho head teacher bo informed that his reply was con sidered very unsatisfactory. Another letter1 ot complaint from Thomas Upton, of High- street, was received, stating that his daughter had been so brutally flogged as to bring on St. Vitus's dance. This was referred to Air. Connel for report. On Wednesday tho City Coronor will resume tho inquiry into the suspicions death of Mrs. Jane Beedham, lato of " tho Waterloo Hotel, Little Collins- street Sinco the adjournment oi this important inquest two officers of the detective police have been unremitting in their efforts to discover the honso which tho deceased is alleged to have visited a short timo prior t« her death, and whero it is said a criminal act was performed. No fresh information has beei discovered tendiug to throw light on thii mysterious affair; and it is moro than likely that a farther adjournment will be asked for by the police to fully investigate the matter. Tbo boy Wray, who was some time since imprisoned by order of tho Lillydale justices for having robbed his employer, was on Satur day released from Fentridgo on an order signed by his Excelloncy tho Governor. The lad was icCw'AJ ut 1 lit, ptiauu gate by air, Cherbnry and Colonel Barker, who have undertaken to look after his future welfare. The differences of the shire council of H'lntly as to tho locale of thoir meetings is again' to be made tho subject of argument before the Full Court. The meetings were originally held at the township of Huutly, but a majority of the council decided upon a change in favoi of Goornong, and a considerable amount of liti gation has takef place on the subject. Mr. Cussen applied o Air. Justice Kerferd in chambers on Saturday morning, on behalf of John Tootell, one of the ratepayers, for a rule nisi calling upon the council to show cause why a by-law appointing council meetings to be held at Goornong should not' bo quushed on account of its illegality. The application was granted. Tho case of Butler v. the borough of Wil- liamstown was concluded on Saturday in the First Nisi Prius Court, before Air. Justice Kerferd and a special jury of six. The plaintiff was a schoolmistress, and claimed £1000 damages on account of serious injuries she sustained through falling over an obstruction at the - corner of Ferguson and James streets. The lieariug of evidence and arguments was closed on Friday, und tbe jury, after Tlewing the scene of the czcidcnt, returned into court on Saturday morning to consider their verdict. They found that the council had been guilty of negligence, and awarded the plaintiff £250 damages. Judgment was entered up in her favor, with costs. Air. Hood and Air. Mitchell appeared for the plaintiff ; Air. Purves, Q.C., and Dr. Madden for tbe defendants. Mr. Justice Williams will sit in tbe Banco Court to-morrow, at half-past 11 o'clock, to bear outstanding motions for judgment. On Saturday afternoon a glove contest between two well known pugilists was adver tised to take place at Gurnoy's running grounds, Flemington: The arrangement was that the men in question, viz., Jem Stewart, of Scot land, and Peter Newton, of Alelbouraa. should box eight rotm-ls under tho iMarqnisT'of Qucensberry riiles for a trophy t Talno 100 guineas. A stage was specially 1 fitted up for tho conttist, ond several hundred persons, including many pugilists Victoria .and other ilolonies, together with athletes of all descriptions, and a strong following of the bookmaking fra ternity, were presont Chairs were provided lor those who field guinea tickets, and a keen fight was looked forward to, as both men had been specially trained for it. Shortly before 3 o'clock Snb- inspectors Brovjn and Daly, with Sergeant O'Mcara and a Email body of police, made their appearanco on tho scene, and served Mr. Gurnoy, who id tho licensee of thoFlomington Hotol, with a notico to thecffect that ho was not to pennit a breach of the law on bis licensed premises. Mr. Gnrncy at oaco posted notices that he would not allow tho fight to go on, and expressions df disappointment Were pretty general amongst tho supporters and packers of the combatants. No attempt \was mode to bring off tho contest, and the police were on tho alert at an early hour this morning to prevent any effort that might bo made to . carry it out. Sis Excellency Sir Henry Lech has intimatod that ho will bo present at the intercolonial foot ball match to be played this afternoon at the Melbourne cricket ground between tho visiting teams from South Australia and Tasmania The game will begin at a quarter to 3 punctually, and should provo highly interesting. This is the first occasion on which tenuis from neigh boring colonics havo played on n neutral ground. Notwithstanding that tho Adelaide wore beaten by Carlton on Sat urday, they have many supporters in tho match against Tas mania, though the latter are the favorites. During tho past three days a cake and apron fair has been held in the Bradford Hall, Sonth Preston, in aid of the fund for building tho new schoolroom in connection with St. Mary's Church of England. The fair was oponcd' by Sua. Goo. Tho hall was tastefully decorated With flags, flowers and evergreens, and at intervals some very good music, end singing was given. Tho stalls wcro presided over by Mcs- dnmos Bodda, Mooney, TJnwin, Patterson nnd Aptcd, and the Misws Church, Scott, Patter- aba, Kedle, Westmoreland and Xugleton. Tho Bov. E. Felhers, who explained tho object of the fair, onnouncod that the bazaar recently held had met with most encouraging results, haring realised £220, which vronld more than liquidate tho debt on the land. _A social ovening in connection with the Electric Telegraph Bowing Chub was held at Maygcrs Imperial Hotel, Bcmrko-street east, on, Saturday evening, at which tho trophies won during tho past season were presented to the successful competitors. Mr. Charles Miller occupied the chair and distributed tho prizes, which consisted of handsome silver cups, claret jugs, &c.;, some of them being excellent speci mens of workmanship. Several toasts were pro posed, including Tho Qaoen, Success to Bow ing, coupled with tho names of tho successful Victorian crew in Sydney ; msd Success to tho Hectric Telegraph Bowing Club, proposed by Mr. C. Hall and responded to by Mr. F. Johnson, the Itoko of the club eight, who expressed satisfaction hat at last something was about to bo done to mprove tho sanitary condition of .the Yarra. the trophies presented were the gifts of Messrs. phas. Miller, George Mayger, Anderson, and Jchlam, all of whom promised to repeat their . locations next season, A number of songs and jecitations were contributed during the evening members, assisted by visitors. Mr. L. Stach kindly acted as accompanist. The recitation "Advance Australia" was well ren dered hv Mr. Galviu, of the Fitzroy office. \- --,®16 Musical Artists' Society gave a Ladies' Night on Saturday evening in Glon's Concert Hall. A quartot for pianoforte and strings in D majorop. 23, by Dvorak, was rendered by Messrs. Peake, Curtis, Zerbini and Beimers, in a very artistic manner Mr. Curtis also appeared as solo violinist, giving with much taste Wil- helmjs transcription of the Prcislied, from Wagner's Meistcrsinger, and a canzonotta from a concerto by Godard. Mr. G. H. Davics played on tho pianoforte two of Scharwenoka's Polish Dances, and Messrs. Alexander and Hosier joined in tho performance of Liszt's Bhapsodio Hongroise, No. 2, arranged us a duet for two pianos, tlio cleverly constructed cadenza introduced being the composition, of Signor Zelman. Vocal numbers were con tributed by Messrs. Lanible and Morton. 1 His Excellency Sir Henry Loch and Lady Loch havo accorded their patronage to tho con certs of Miss Amy Shcnvin, and will be present st tho opening concert on 11th Juuc at the Xown Hall. Tho Mariposa is expected in Bydnov on Tuesday, and Miss Shcrwin and aerr Job arm Rhodes, who are passengers by (he steamer, will probably reach Melbourne on Friday next by tho Sydney express train. Cottier's Theatre continues to draw favorablo houses. Alone in London attracted a largo crowd at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. A Night Off was repeated on Saturday night at the Princess's Theatre in tho presence of a crowded hoaso. Herr Louis P&bst; announces his second his torical concert to take place next Saturday evening in Glen's Concert Hall. The members of tho Melbourne Liedertafel Will give a sinoko concert this evening in the Atheofeuin Hall, this being tho second concert tf tho season. At St. George's Hall on Saturday night, Hudson's Surprise Party was well patronised, ind the amusing ccceutricities of the leading performers proved very diverting, Tho Silk Stockings Company presented & lew programme at tho Victoria Hall on .r'Mur- iay 'night, when Mr. Horace Cent reappeared md was accorded a most flattering reception. At the Opera House tho spectacular play of Poutb, with Mr. George Rignold as the prin cipal attraction, was repeated on Saturday night in the presence of a numerous attendance. A matinde performance was given at tho Princess's Theatre on Saturday afternoon for the benefit of Mr. S. Geneso, a gentleman well, known in tho ranks of theatrical agents. The ittendance was only meagre, notwithstand ing tho fact that an excellent programme had been provided. The entertainment consisted of ft performance of The Critic, an act from A Night Off, and an interlude of songs and recitations. Moor's Troubadour Mlnstrdo will play at Footway indgWilUamstowa. Mr. J. 11. Knipe will aell to-day, at 12 o'clock, at tho Royal Exchange, freehold properties in Carlton. Fit- toy, North Fitzroy and Footacr-y. Tho Hat of applications for shares in the Romscy Distillery Company will close at Messrs. J. B. Were and Son's office at 4 p.m. to-morrow. The ltcv. F. Anderson, M.A., will lecture on Baruch Bplnosa at the Jewish literary society meeting, to bo held at the Albertpstreet school hall, at 8 p.m. The People's Concort iu the Temperance Hall, Rus- ell-stroct, was very largely attuaded on Saturday rening, when a very attractive variety entertainment was presented, which appeared to be thorooj.'iW enjoyed by the audience. The thirty-ninth anniversary of the Star of Australia Felix Tent, No. I, I. O.K., Filendly Society, will bo celebrated by a musical reunion in the Melbounio Tcm- pefranco Hall to-night. Addresses will also bo given by the district chief ruler, who wlU prusldo, and Messrs. John Nimmo and J. L, Dow, M's.l\ A public meeting for the advocacy of tho principles ftf total abstinence will be held in the Temperance Iiall. Russell-street, tonight, at t o'clock, under the Misplcea of the Melbourne Women's Temperance Union. l»o meeting will be , followed bv a coffee supper, and pntlemen are cordially invited to the mectlncr. 