POLICE COURT—ADELAIDE. THURSDAY, JANUARY 13. [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M.] John Burke, for being drunk and using in- <*> decent language, had to pay 40s. Annic Dalton, Annie Coulter, and Maggic Horan were fined £2 each for loitering, &c.;, Emma Baedct was charged by Eleanor James with stealing a pair of boots, valued at fie. The evidence for the prosecution went to show that the boots were missed from the ? prosecatris'e house after % visit from the defen dant, who subsequently pawned them for 53. Baedel alleged that James was with her when the pledged the boots and suggested the pawn ing, receiving a portion of the money obtained. Sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment with hard labor. Patrick Uaroney, a yonng man, was charged on remand with being drunk and using in decent language, and with assaulting P.O. Michael Sweeney, and damaging his uniform, GertrudeGallaghc- and Bosc Thompson were also charged with assaulting Sweeney while arrest ing Maroney, the cases being taken together. Mr. G. C. Kingston appeared for Maroney, and Mr. T, Gepp for the yonng women. Dr. O'Oonnell deposed to having examined the constable, and discovered him Buffering from two lacerated wound? over the left eye) one extending to the bone of), a contused wound xound the left eye, and a cut on the head. Constable Sweeney, who gave evidence on Wednesday as to the assault committed by Maroney, now implicated the females,, who, he alleged, pulled his beard and struck him with a gingham while he was on the ground. A number of witnesses were called in corrobo ration of the evidence respecting the assaults. Maroney, however, asserted that Sweeney was the aggressor, and denied the severitv of the punishment alleged to have been administered by him to the officer. The female defendants alto repudiated the statements implicating them in the row. Maroney was fined and costs, £7 Ils. in all, and Thompson £2, while Gallagher was discharged. Edmund. Mullen, a small boy, was charged with stealing a purse and moneys to the amount of 12s. 4d., the property of Geo. Win. Chal lenge, WDodcarter, at Kensington on January 11. The evidence for the prosecution went to snow that the defendant forcibly took the parse and money from a son of the prosecutor and concealed it in a paddock. The father of the boy represented that his son was innocent of the offence. Bemanded to afford his parent an opportunity of whipping him. Kate MeOngerg was charged by Polly Moor with assaulting her. There was a cross-infor mation against Moore for wilfully breaking a locket and chain valued at £210s. McGaffery was fined £1 and co?ts, -while Moore was dis charged. Arthur Dvsttr pleaded guilty to a charge of assaulting John Cunningham, a youth, and ?was fined £2 and costs, £3 in all. Thomas Gogan was charged by Win. Bailey, cordial manufacturer, with having, while a ser vant of the complainant, unlawfully misused a bone. Compensation to the extent of £2 was claimed. Qegm was also charged with absent ing himself from the employ of Bailey, £9 com pensation being claimed. Mr. T. Hewitson appeared for thecomplainant. Ordered to pay £6 and costs, £8 Bs. in all, on the second charge; while the other information was dismissed. Our old familiar friend, the ghost, is evi dently coming down in the world, says an English paper. This dreadfully prosaic age u too nnvsh for inn j it corrupts "** originally fine nature vitb us *w>t.iffiQ.i f^pt ? and through its sceptical teaching nukes him doubt whether there is any profit in prowling about at night, groaning and clanking chains. Lately itwas reported that gbost? had made their appear ance at a certain boaid -school, a prociedin which no well-regulated phantom would contemplate without disdain. But a ranch worse case of ghostly degeneracy is reported at?Ufiton. In this instance the ghost nude a practice of waylaying women on their return from market, scaring them dreadfully, and causing many to drop their parcels. There was nothing derogatory in this; it was just the soit of tiung ttat the ghost of a clown would do. Bat it is ?ad to nave to record that the dropped parcels -always vanished with the ghost, thereby affording grounds for Hie belief that its nocturnal evolu tions were prompted by a sordid desire for gain. An iuterating question here presents itself, however. Oonld a ghost carry away heavy parcels? Wouldtheyoot "slipthrough its hands" in a very literal senset Un doubtedly that would be the case, aides* the phantetn? possess the power of "spiritualis ing" material subrtauoes, even as they can materialise themselves when in the mood. The Barton specimen, unfortunately for him self, was run down by an athletic young printer carrying a stout eadgeL According to the latest report, that unhappy ghoat has taken to groaning as if in pain. Mr. A. B. Williams, apropos of fasting feats, writes to the London Standard from Blackbeath to recall a case, quite involuntary, but yet in its severity Xar exceeding the self imposed tasks of the present day. He says :— Mure than 30 years ago the ship Jane leaden sailed from America on a "fall" voyage with a cargo of timber. When in Mud-ocean, about the month of November, the vessel sprang a leak; and her crew, finding their efforts to pump her ont of no avail, provisioned the tops, and when she became waterlogged went aloft to their exposed refuge. One day a heavy sea struck toe ill fated ship and threw her fairly on her side, a portion of -the crew and all their provisions being washed away. The topmast afcer a while broke off and she righted again. The survivor^ left in a hap less plight, died off one by one, till only one was left—Captain Casey, of Padstow, the master. Incredible as it may seem, he lived absolutely without food for 28 days, his only refreshment being whatever rain be could catch in bis handkerchief and squeeze into bis mouth. Exposed to the severity of an Atlantic winter, he lost his fingers and toes, and bad not even the strength left to throw off the three remaining corpses of his dead comrades. In this terrible state he was found by a Dutch vessel, and was most judiciously and humanely treated by her cap tain and crew, who landed him at Antwerp, where bis wife joined him and nursed him tul his recovery. That he was able to undergo such an ordeal, he himself always said was owing to his wearing no less than three suits of clothes, which kept him comparatively warm. The facts of this remarkable fast are detailed in a Parliamentary blue- book,and I have heard them narrated by my father, who was much in terested in the case st the time. To survive such hardships for 28 days under such circum stances to my mind far exceeds the comfortable and careful tests of abstinence which are just attracting public notice. 