THE MISER'S LEGACY. * " He's come, Mr. Herman." " ComeCome at last ? Are you sure of it, Joe?" " Sure as taxes," said Joe Poppinger, with a confident nod of his head. ' He's taken that old house—the Haunted House, the neighbors cnil it—and he's moved into it. bag and baggage, which ain't much, by the. way." " Any servants with him, Joe ?" " Only one—a crooked old woman—as threw a porringer of hot water overme when I came round to ax if I could be of any use. If they only owned a black cat I'd have the whole kit and boodle of 'em up for witchcraft. I never did come across such a rum lot in all my life." " Did you see the old man yourself, Joe 5" " See him, Mr. Herman 7 I see a bundle of old bones, tied round the middle, with a palm-leaf patterned dressing-gown and a flannel night-cap on his head, and I s'posed likely there couldn't be two such outlandish old customers going. He was a runnin' in and out from the furniture cart like a crazy spider." " That will do Joe, Here is a balf-a-crown for you." "Tbank'ee, sir. • Much obliged to you, sir." And the stable boy, who belonged to the inn, shambled away, grinning and palling at the front of his cap, while Herman Franklyn leaned, whistling, against the pillar o! the front verandah. So old Miner Molineaux had arrived at last —the rich and eccentric relative—on the reversion of whose fortune, real or supposed, he had all his life been building aerial castles. At last—and Herman resolved the very next day to call and pay his respects, although the old woman with the hot water did not add to the delights of contemplating this visit. " If I hadn't heard from his lawyer that be had taken a lease ofthe StoneHoose," mused Mr. Franklyn, "t certainly never should have baried myself iu this out-of-way place awaiting his advent ; aud if I hadn't thought I could work into *h is- good graces I never should "bave taken the trouble to hunt him up. Heigho! Sometimes I think it wonld be easier to work for money than to inherit And so the next day Mr. Franklyn 'called- Miuer Molineaux received him very coolly, sitting among his treasures, like Marius amid the ruins of Carthage. But Franklyn noticed that he kept one hand on the ring of a padlocked iron box beside him as he talked. "Well, young man, and what do you want?" he asked, impatiently, when the old woman, who evidently considered that Mr. Franklyn was no subject for the hot water treatment, showed him in. "So inquire after your health, Cousin Miner," said the young.man smoothly. 48 Humph I My health is well enough ? Better tbBn you wish it, I dare say." "My dear sir " " Sut it will make no difference to yofc," acidly went on the old man, still nervously fingering the rings of the iron box. "Xdon t deny that I have a treasure to leave behind me " Herman Fnutklyn's eyes glistened. " Bnt.it will be to these who consult my wishes more than yon have done." " But, my dear cousin " " Words ard all very well," said the old miser, shrugging his shoulders, " but deeds speak the loudest. You knew veiy well my aversion to matrimony—rfnd yet yon go and engage yourself to get married to a girl who hasn't a penny. Eh? Don't yon?" in a rising inflection like^ a baric. And then, after coolly disregarding «limy wishes,yon expect me to "leave you this—this" tapping, as hie spoke, on the Ud of the box, " But, Cousin Miner, if yon wish me, I will certainly adapt myself to your opmions, I didnotknowthat ^elol^lénâBëÉh^i^iâfed thebld van. "What yoakn%^^Mtowi»(perfe<^y and ^wrttlB&'fbâtfs M man living." ; fl f ^ é t Si» Mi. r.miklyu went moodily away. "I must break my engagement," said he to himself, That's the first.thing^ What the second will be depends entirely on fate and fortune." . * • • • Josie Hall was sitting in the farm-house kitchen, peeling potatoes. She was a blackeyed, damask-cheeked «id, with velvety eyebrows, and a round, red dot of a mouth ; and in those dark eyes glistened a light half resent£ul, half angnfchr as she looked straight at Herman Franklyn. 441 understand," said she, 44 jou want to break the engagement.. Now that your rich uncle has come to the neighborhood I am no longer worthy of you. 44 It isnt that, Josie, believe me," said Franklyn, twisting himaplf abont, ~ with the signals of keen mortification blazing on Ms cheek. « But I think perfira it' would be better for both o£ ds ? . " And I hayen't-the least doubt of it," passionately interrupted Josie, with heaving breast and quivering lips. " A thousand times, better ; for I value the love of no, man who can leave me thus. Pray don't waste your time in conjuring tip any farther excuses. They are quite unnecessary. Z wish you a very good morning.*' And she went on peeling her potatoes, while Herman Franklyn crept out of the house, feeling veiy like a whipped cur. For a day or two he felt heartily ashamed of himself, but the reward—as at least he esteemed it—came at last, Mr. Miner Molineaux fell ill; Being iil, he. was frightened. Being frightened he" was solitary. And consequently he sent far his cousin Franklyn, a'thing he never would have done in health. 44 You don't think I'm going to die, do you, Herman! " he asked, tremulously. 44 Oh, there's no danger at all," reassured, the young man, as the doctor had that momsaid that the patient's spirts mnst be kept up at all hazards,. 44 Aud you won't leave me 2 " " Certainly not, if my presence can be of any satisfaction to you," responded the delighted fortune-seeker. " But that girl that you're engaged to," grumbled Mr. Molineax ; " she won't like it." 41 Do you think that I could persist in anything contrary to your wishes ?" reproachfully asked Herman Franklyn. " The engagement is broken." 41 Good !" croaked the old man. " Engagements are a humbug, in any «rent. Engagements to girls that haven't anything are still worse. Cousin Franklyn, you're more sense than I gave you credit for." Day by day Miner Molineaux grew worse., On the forth afternoon he sent for a lawyer and rçadehis will. On the fifth he became speechless. On the sixth he died. 4'My fortune is made now," thought Herman, who had listened at the, door during, the interview with the lawyer, and heard directions given connecting his name with the padlocked iron box, whereof the key hung around the dead man's neck. And he felt that Josie had been well sacrificed. "You wasn't at the funeral, eh?" said Mrs. Pierce to the Widow Hall, while Josie's needle flew fasterthan ever through the canjbric she was hemming. "Well, no," said the widow, 44 I ain't partial to funerals in general, and I didn't feel no special call to put mjêelf out to see an old miser baried, that I never saw nor spoke to while he was alive." " A man can't be a miser without he's got money, can he ?" said Mrs. Pierce. "I don't rightly know about that," said Widow Hall. 44 But you don't mean to say that old Molineaux hadn't anything after all?" " Nothing but a few sticks of furniture, and some rusty coins as no decent storekeeper would give change for." The widow s eyes shone through her spectacle glasses. " Land o' massy 1" sand she. 44 And what was in the iron box as everybody had so much to say about—the iron box as was willed to Herman Franklyn. 44 Just the sheets of paper as held a dictionary the old man had been writing all his days. Manuscript, the lawyer called it, whatever that may be. He thought it was worth a deal of money, and he'd spent his all hunting up books as nobody but himself ever heard of, and travelling about the country to pick up information. 44 Humph Î" said the Widow HaU. 44 And what did young Franklyn say ?" 411 didn't sit near enough to him to rightly hear," said Mrs. Pierce, "but them as did tells me he swore an awful oath when he saw what was in the box, and flung.' the whole bundle on the back of the fire. I saw it blaze up myself." "Aud was that all?" asked the Widow Hall. »' That was all," responded her informant. " I am glad of it!" cried out Josie, spring* ing up with sparkling eyes. " I never was so glad of anything in all my life. He's served right for once." Mr. Franklyn called the next day, meek and subdued. If Josie had been a model heroine she would have thrown both her arms around his neck and vowed that she loved him better than ever. Bat she was only a very human little girl, so she stood up with dignity and said : "I wonder at your assurance in coining here, after all that has transpired, Mr. Franklyn." But, Josie—-" " There is the door, sir l" said Josie. "Please to walk out 1' And there was nothing left for it but to 44 walk out." Old Miner Molineaux sleeps quietly in the village grave-yard, and public rumor has added yet another ghost to thespectral population of the Haunted Hoase—a yellow-visaged old bogey, who wears a wig, and carries in his baud a padlocked box. 