STOCKTON NEW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. -4---- lAx Ordination Service was held in the newly erected Congregational Church, at Stockton, yesterday afternoon, when the Rev. R. E. Davies was ordained as pastor of the Church. The new building, whihh is of wood, and capable of accommodating 300 people, was opened for Divine sereice on Sunday last, when three crowded services were held. Yesterday there was a large. congregation, and the service was carried out by the Rev. S. Savage, Secretary of the Congregational Union, assisted by the Revs. Charles Whlyte, M.A. (Newcastle); E. Lewis (Lambton); J. Rees (Junction); and A. W. Brough (West Maitland), and Mr. J. T. Williams. The service commenced wih the singing of a hymn, and the Rev. Mr. Rees read a portion of Scripture and delivend an earnest prayer, after which Mr. R1. TnoMAs wae invited upon the platform to give a abort account of the Church. He said he was not prepared to give any detailed history of the Church, but he might state why the ordination was taking place. Some time ago, after having carefully examined Mr. Davies's credentialE the congregation at Stockton had given him a hearty and unani mous call to fill their pulpit. They were pleased he had accepted, and from that time until the present, Mr. Davies' qualities, his powerful eloquence, tlhe strong evidence of his. personal: piety and great, earnestness in the work of the Master, hlad induced them to ask that he should beccme ordained as their pastor. He hoped that when cIr. Davies was ordained he would do hls work for the Shep herd and the sheep, and that their relations would always be as harmonious as in the past. Rev. S. SAVAGE thlen said their next duty was to ask Mr. Davies certain questions with reference to the work of the ministry, to which he wished to be ordained. He would briefly setchl the managing of the service they were proceeding with. In some branches of the Lord's Church a man was made a minister by his fel low-men, and a ceremony of placing hands upon his head was gone through, the ordinary priests saying, "'Receive the Holy Ghost; whatever sins ye may remit, shall be remitted, and whatsoever ye may retain, re tained." He need scarcely tell them that was not what they claimed. God made his own ministers, and it was not for man to take that upon himself. Unless a minister was called by God, whatever man might do would be of no avail. The questions were then asked by the officiating minister, and answered by the candidate for ordination. Rev. S. SAvAGE said Mr. Davies lead answered the questions fully, completely, and satisfactorily, and if the congregation con sidered he was competent, they should signify the same by holding up their right hands. The whole of the congregation hlaving hold up their hands, the Rev. W. A. BRoino , of West Maitland, led the congregation in prayger, during which the three senior ministers laid their hands upon the head of the candidate. After a hymn had been sung, The Rev. CHARLES WrrYE, M.A., de livered the charge to the new minister. While complying with the request to address Mr. Davies, he felt how utterly impossible for him to say all that ought to be said upon such an occasion, and he would therefore select a few of the thoughts which lay nearest his hand, referring especially to the preaching of the Lord. He addressed the new pastor, and said that in order that he might make full proof of his ministry he must gain a clear apprehension of the Gospel he was ordained to preach. He would have to read much and meditate deeply and prayerfully on the distinctive doctrines of the cross. The Bible was the greatR repository of Divine truth: it was the all-sufficient guide of life it stood alone-the fountain of light, the transcriptions of the mind of God, the trans lation into human language of His person, character, and work. The pastor's work was to pore over its pages, discover the heavenly wisdom folded between its leaves, and, having conveyed it to his mind by spiritual assimilation, communicate the result to his people and all wihoe came within his reach. While making the Bible the main study, he should avail himself of tie books of men who have been generally accepted by the Church of Christ as masters in the exposition of Scripture. God had gifted the churchl with men of great learning, mental power, and spiritual insight, and it would be folly not to 'rail oneself of their labours. It was by many imagined that the Gospel was so simple that little thought was required to understand it and even to teach it. There could be no more fatal mis take. The Gospel condescended to the lowest; it adapted itself to the weakest, youngest, and most ignorant; but they were not to imagine that all its riches and glories lie obvious to the most superficial survey. The pastor was required to become skilful in the truth, to become a master in exposition. He would hlave to trace back the diversified forms' of Gospel truth to the elementary stems which lie at the foot of the whlole-to dig till he reached the springs which fed the whole outgrowths of Christian conduct. He would have constantly and earnestly to enforce holiness of heart and life in those who purposed to be Christ's disciples, and it was his duty to point out that tie Gospel was intended and wholly fitted to produce this result in those who submitted to it. He again in sisted upon the necessity for hard and con stant work, and, to force his argument home, quoted several passages from the Scrip tures. In order that he should make full proof of his ministry, he would eact on the principle thlat he was tihe steward of.God; for a steward was one who managed his master's' hlousehlold and estate. He had no separate interest-no separate establish mont. He belonged to Christ. His time - tlhe results of his study - his opportunities for influences - were all His. No profession or circumstance weas exempt from temptation, and he would probably be in danger of allowing his studies to absorb hIis attention, and reading from no higher'nsotive than the mere pleasure of ac quiring knowledge, or the fascinations of books. In this case study, instead of beirig a profitable toil, became a luxurious and re fined species of self-indulgence, and, if pler sisted in, would relax the mind, render the chlaracter flaccid and effeminate, and hIis preaching would lack force and fire, and fail of producing definite results. In order that hle might fulfil his ministry he must cultivate a just and full ap preciation of hIis follow-men. Man did not perceive hIis own value until he had learnt it from the eyes of God. It was in the light of the cross, in the light of the story of re demption, that they began to see the worth of man. Christ had taught them that to serve their fellow-men no sacrifice should be grudged. Christ came to place mankind above the whole creation in their esteem-to teach them that all other things should be subordinated to the well-being of their fellow-men. He should let his sympathies go out to those who most needed his aid-the poor, the orphan, tile widow. In his work he would sometimes question his . own fitness; he would have discouragements and disappointments and would sometimes be tempted to give up in despair. He would sometimes be so over whelmed with a sense of shame and failure that he would feel as if he must fly and hide himself. New, if at such times he could assure himself that he had not thrust himself into the work, but simply obeyed the call of God, he could boldly throw hIis burden of care upon Him. Sometimes he would feel mentally and physically weary, nervous ex haustion would press him down, and then he would need the conviction that he was where God had placed him. Ho should magnify hIis office his oflice, not himself. Rejoice in it; glory in it. There was none higher. It was the mantle of Christ. It was the con duit of salvation. It was tile lamp of the sanctuary. It was the voice of God. Its joys were peculiar. Its rewards were un paralleled. He would have to realise his dependence upon God to receive constant fresh supplies of His holy spirit; to be prayerful; to be earnest. The thought of calvary, the empty tomb, the marvellous as cension, and the enthronement of the Saviour should keep him steadfast. The prospect of the revelation of Christ's glory should rouse him to effort. The charge concluded with the wish that at the last the new pastor would be welcomed by God with the words, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord." A hymn was then sung, and the service concluded with the pronunciation of the benediction by the Rev. Mr. Lewis. A tea was served in the Temperance Hall between the hours of 5 p.m. and 7 p.m., when the tables were loaded with a mass of delicacies, which were thoroughly enjoyed by a large number of persons. At 7.30 o'clock a public meeting, under the presidency of the new pastor, the Rev. R. E. Davies, was held in the church, which was crowded to excess. Among those present were: The Revs. S. Savage, Charles Whyte, M.A., Lewis, Seth Jones, and Messrs. W. Laing, J.P., James Brown (of Sydney), and R. Thomas. The COAInmaAx having made a few intro ductory renmarks, the choir, augmented by sceeral friends from Newcastle, sang a hymn. The Ror. SETH JONEs was called upon to address the meeting. He made a brief but interesting speech, in which he expressed his pleasure to see the meeting was such a great success, which greatly cheered his heart. He was also very pleased at the ordination ser vice which he had witnessed that afternoon, for the service was very much like that of the Baptists. Both the church and the minister were young, and he hoped their lives would be spared long to work together. He again congratulated them upon their work. (Ap plause). Miss Agnes Jones then sang, "Angels, ever bright and fair," very effectively; and the chairman called upon Mr. R. Tno?xAs, who said he would not go into a long list of figures, but would simply state that a little time previous to the com mencement of the year it was con sidered necessary by the church in Newcastle to study the interests of the Congregationalists at Stockton. A confer ence was held of the pastors, deacons, and members of the Newcastle Church and the Stockton body. The feeling was so warm that it was decided to hold services in the Temperance Hall, and the first service took place about the second Sabbath of the year. On Sabbath evening, through the kindnessof friends nominated by the Northern branch of the Church Extension Society, a Sabbath Bchool was also established. HIe thought the congregation on the first Sabbath was about 40 or 50 in the morning, and about 80 in the eovening, and he was thankful to say that they had now between 50 and 60 church members upon the books. (Ap plause.) The congregation had increased to about 200, and the Sabbath-school to about 130 to 140. Having been promised generous assistance from Newcastle, the present church was started, the cost for which was £498, and as they had expended £35 in pur chasing the land, organ, and the necessary furniture, the total was £463, towards which they had collected £180. Now, with the assistance they had received, there was a debt of £215. He expressed his gratitude, on behalf of thie church, to those who had assisted them. The Reves. A. W. Brough. C. Whyte,t M.A., S. Savage, and.Messrs.-W. Laing, J.P., and J. Brown (Sydney) also addressed the meeting. 