rpHE CONVENIENT SEASON. (Bt ths Rav. W, H. Aitken, M;A.) When I have found a convenient sestro, | wm C4ii for fhea —Acta xxiv ,25, ; ' There is something very appalling fa the though of the flood that swept the World, fou chink of the men and women oHtnbiog op crags, and Boceaming for mercy, whiiafi $he mexcr&Bie; waters are sweeping them avray. There ie something very terrible j„ She thooghc of those oitiea of the pl∈ that were bnried beneath the fiery 'deluge; but there is something more terrible than alt that in the thought of the ocoas of the Lord 0eBa9 Christ. The thunders ana lightnings of Meant Sinai are very terrible, but the cross of Calvary is far mors terrible still. Are there any saying, Why should it be terrible?' Consider, my dear friends, the Mas, the Son of God. that hung there. Who is He? He is the Father's only begotten Sod. God loves him with an infinite affection - loves Him, far He is one with Himself. It is the Son of Gad that is hang icg oa yonder cross, bat H« is hanging there reproofing human guilt. The nail fa drives into His hm L God is looking on all the time, and yet God does not extract the oa\l. He cries out in His agony, I thirst,' and yet God never so mnch as sends one drop o! water to cool His parohed tongue. The Father's heart heard the ory, and yet the Father left Him there in the burning agony cf His thirst. His father hears Him say, My God, my God, why hast Thou forsaken Me ?' Oh ! how that ory must have gone thrilling borne to the Father's heart! Can ue fau'jy that God loo&ad; on that scene calm and iudiffereui, when He hexrd that anguished cry thai rolled from the breaking heart of Emmanuel ? And yet God did look on. I fancy I can seethe whole host of Heaven gazing up in wistfnl expectation, one wirb another stepping forward ss they expeoted each moment to have the coasmieiion to tear down the shining way, ana hand the cup of oomfort to those parched lips, end to spread over that darkened atmosphere the very beoSson of Heaven ? I can fancy how they waited for the order ; but they waited in vain. Why? Be cause God hates eiu with an inexorable hatred. God can make no compromise with human guilt ; ana, when ein was laid on the person of His dear Son, though He heard that great lamentable cry ringing through the universe, yet God let it echo and echo, and still there was no answer ; and so Christ, the Son of the living God, breathed oa: His soul in indesaribiblo agony, under tac crushing weight of Hia Father's hand, Is not that something to alarm me, to make me tremble ? 1 do cot know anything that will make me tremble more than that, 1 for God spared not His own Son.' Are yon a father, my friend? How would you feel if you had your eon ia that position — your tender boy, whom you love like your own eoul ? If you had the power of relieving him by a simple act of your will, how would you feel before you could bring yourself to each a point as not to spare your son ? When God saw liii nwa Son dying thus, He spared Him not. Why ? Beoaase He hated 6in with inexorable hatred, and that is the thing that jcu are full of ; that ia the thing you are clothed all round about with ; your nature is steeped iu it, your whole ex perience blighted wish it. God looks to you. And mv? I want to ak you, Do you think He will sp.ire you, if He spared nt,t His own Son, wheu ; cu dcchce to avail yourself of the vrocrircus prevision which the Hem's death hs£ sade ? Host assured, if that is vcu: notion, it it fatal folly to persevere in it. Felix trembled. I do not know whether Paul p.ied him with that argument, but I csnnoc k?!p feeling that if Felix had had tuit cross of Calvary explained to him he would have trcmoled e-t»il u:o-e ; and, if you asi I understand what that means, 4 My God, why b»st Thon forsaken Me?' we shall tremble, too; my, more, we ehcuid probably die with terror were it not tbar, alci;- side of that revelation of eternal justice, there ie another revelation, aud that the revelation of Sternal compassion. Am 1 speaking to any who are disposed to say, ' We would like to tremble ; we would like to feel conviction of sin ; but all you bavs eftid does not bring it?' If there is one thing more than another that makes the tinner tremble, it is the very thing that is rpvealed in order to still our trembling. Wptt is that? If there is one thing more th&n; another that will make a guilty sinner tremble, it is the right of the cross of Calvary. I know nothing more appalling in God's universe. Now, what did Felix do when he trem hied ? Oh, if he bad taken one step more ! Oh, that ha had just said what I want yon to tay : ' Paul, I am trembling. Your words have gone home to my heart. I feel that I am a great and guslty sinner. Now. will you tell me how I may get a remedy? Have you any remedy to tffer ? Is there anything that wiil remove this terrible load, and set my heart right between me and my God . Would that be had jnst taken that simple step loribcr ! It was not much to do. He was to near salvation, and, had he jast made that inquiry, the whole thing might have been Settled then. , . , , , Guilty reprobate as he was, he might have been washed in the blood of the Lainb, and It this moment be among the white-robed choir, Bulging the praises of Emmanuel, and taping the harp of gold, and shouting for Very joy. He allowed his chance to go by . jott aa some of you are doing. He -eo me of yon are trembling. He said, Go thy way, Paul, for this time. I have had enough of it and perhaps yon are saying the same. _ , _ X was prewiring not long ago. and prang to his leak, offended at «ome ranarks I made ; and at ho tnrnsd aw.y, be "hooted : 'Oh, sir, I've hsd enough of it. Why! Bwaase, like Felix, they 'ramble. Tneir testis priok them. They test in the.r own , inner aonenienae that verily they are guilty. Ihey had had enough oX it. My friend. yon mo 3V! SLTffis! » now and then ail Si wT6,hMk to mav .« 5 along life's journey. Yon your her?rtin n"hU?-y, W0' ,0 m4y baty arrow of .""helMl aaj hardness, and the .rc;::"" m»r 4 ««. Yon h w"1,ooma hack to you. On » e had enough of it even yet. terrible \mA th.l' r,etutQ '? J00- That loss TOiU«« f , dreaii consciousness of Sl Th !?6 ba0k tQ 3,00 1,k9 a» «aoagh rf «t,"nw?V ry J""1 ,'l're had mome»fJ ?' you havent- A few beto£ IL aDd yoa wiU b® standing book? iSi l'6 White Throne' and chants fi egin to bs opened, and one vou mw?r another will be read, and then ?Ohry !JSkJ,,p t0 the dge, and say, TuL n?ai -J' rva had enoa8h it.' The .ni8J. f ttlJ will read the story right through, dlhof 0 dismal wail in the region of arml ri heard — the cry of a lost finnnS?8!?3-8 nT for &li; ernity— 4 I've had vpt Mlf J vs had eaogh o ife-' And n«?r D8er have sa0Dgi» of it ; never, never aslong as existence remains. . Go thy w&y; for this time.' Some of yon nave been saying that for a long time, and ome are saying it now. 4 1 can stand tbis mission out,' you say. 4 1 was very much mpressed on Sunday night, but I do not feel very much impressed now. Go thy way, mission preacher, for this time. Thou mayesfc go and praaoh to others. Hundreds ana thousands may hoar thy voice in other pia.oes ; but go thy way. Thou hast mturbed me, but I am not going to give up e world. What, then, dear friend, are yon going to lose your soul ? 4 No, no ; I have no intention of doing Gat.' What then? At a mere convenient reason I will send for M « tt ifl season going to some . Have you made up your mind when the convenient season is to begin ? It is not a convenient season now ? Why is it not a convenient seaeon ? God has been saving souls in this place. Men and women have been fleeing to the oroes. Glory be to God. tbis is a convenient season. The Eternal Spirit has been striving with human conscience. This is a convenient season. There are homes that are bright and happy now. The smile of psace is reflected ?ac of those who have been saved with an everlasting salvation. Tbis is a convenient season ; but what is your eono venient season ? You have had the regular ministry of the Word, haven't you ? Yet that hasn't saved you ; and now you have had an unusual call, and that has not saved yon. Now, when ia tbis convenient season going to come? What is going to bring that change in yonr circumstance to indues you to do then what you are net prepared to do now? I find, dear friend, that you are juat committing the sin which brought down judgment upon the Jews, They said in their hearts, 1 Ah, this is not the day of our visita tion — not a bit of it ! What, call this the day of our visitation ? What nonsence 1 There's a man riding upon an ass, and the little children crying out hosannar. Yon don't mean to eay that is the day of oar visitation? A few deluded men from Galilee are there, and it's a pity the police don't lay inld of them ; bat yoa don't mean to say this is the day of our visitation V That was the spirit in which they spoke and thought ; but it was the day of their visitation, aud bye and bye yours will be made clear to you. What was it Jesus was weeping over. 4Thow knowest not.' It is not, 4 Thou didst despise, then didst resist,' bat 4 Thou knowest not the day of thy visitation.' Ae if Ho had said, 4 Thy sun has climbed up to its meridian ; its glorious beams were cast around thee ; by-and bye it sank into the dist&nt; west, aud by and-bye thy light was gone, anil thou knewest not the day of tfcy YUisat-idfe.' A more convenient season ! Paul waited' ior it. The months became years, IVo -eare rolled away, and still the crmvenifent leaton nGer came. Sometime!5 Felix vAculd go and see Pan!, or Paul would fee SFeiix. They communed together, and I hs)ve no doubt that Paul began the old argument about righteousness, teir.p'cauee, and judgment to come. Felix would doubtless B&y;, 4 Gome, Paal, I don't wan'E any of that — a mere convenient season. 1$ never cave — it never came. At last, one moroing, the news reached the cell of the prisoner Paul — Felix is recalled. He has left for Rome ; you will never see his face again. He will never hear your voice any more ; and I can fancy, as the prisoner eat there in hia solitude, how these words would come back to his mind — a more convenient season. And it bad never, never come ! Brother and tisfer, are any of you waiting for the convenient eean? Why are you waiting for it ? Because ypa love your sins? bea&ase; yon are clingingfto the nature that is condemning you — that! s why it is. I am going to tell you a fact which I' first heard from another's lips, and I almost thought the thing too terrible to be true. I scarcely liked to tell it in public, because it seemed to me, nntii it was confirmed, too ghastly. The other day I did tell it in a public meeting ae something I had heard, and only a short time afterwards a gentleman who was present said, ' Mr. Aitken, I knew all about that circumstance. My father was acquainted with the lady of whom it was -true. ' Hence 1 know that what I am telliog yon is a feet. There was a lady who came come after a solemn religious service, such as the preaant. She was profoundly impressed, \aa some of yon might be. She retired to her room. She was a woman who loved the World very dearly. She sat down Injber bedroom, and took out paper -and Ink, and wrote do#n these words: — 4 If God spare me |or twelve months from tbis time I will inyheart to God and become a Christian. I suppose she read it over and thought that time rather risky. By-and-bye she drew her pen through it, and wrote a second time. If God spare me for six months from tbi? time I will become a Christian. V Still she did not feel very comfortable about'it. She drew bBr pen through that, and this time she wrote, If God spareB me for three months . will become a Christian. And again she drew her pen tbrtmgh that Bat she didn't feel ocmfottable about three months, and she wrote for me the. last time, 4 If God spare me for one month, this day month I will give my heart to Him,' \ The day before the date was the time fixed for a great fancy hall, and she could not maka np 8,ve up that' She put out the light and went to bed, and left this written ® the table 4 If God spare me for one K a,y monlh 1 wiU give my Her lady's maid came to oall her the next morning. She knocked at the door— there was no answer. She tried the handle, and at last burst the door open. She entered the f"j® All was silent. She looked in the fui ' i8 a tere» P®!0 ®d cold and dead, lay k 1 QPon her bed, and on the table, olose by her, was an open paper, and on the open paper was written the words, 4 If Gad spare me for one month from this time, this day month I will give my heart to Him.' God did not spare her one single night. This, sorely, is a startling ease. Many such may not ocour ; but I venture to say that facts equally startling in themselves, though not outwardly so striking, are oc- curing every day. There riseB to my mind now a circum stance which occurred only the other day. As I came down from the pulpit, I went down to a pew just in front of me, and went up to respectably- dressed man, and said, 4 My dear man, will you give your heart toxins ?' Hesaid, 4 No, sir; not to-night.' 4 Why not to-night ?' I affectionately pleaded with him, and talked earnestly with him for about half an hoar. He grew qaite irritable, and I had to withdraw. Only a week or two afterwards that man was struok down in a drunken brawl, and passed into eternity without time even to say, 4 God, be mercifnl to my sonl.' Things of this kind are constantly occur- ring, ana they all read one tremendous lesson, and that lesson is, 4 What is the nse waiting for a more convenient season?' Will youths mad enough to risk your souls by waiting for a more convenient season ? Where is the man or woman of even common sense that will dare the possibility of ruin while they wait for a more convenient season ? Thank God, that is a convenient season. Again we turn our eyes to that dear cross I have told you it is the most terrible object in the world. I also tell yon it is the most comforting object in the world. Glory be to God for the cross of Christ. There I see my sin is crucified ; there I see God's remedy is provided for me. I need not sink into the darkness of eternal despair. The convenient season is come. The voice and the love ef Jesus testify to my heart that the convenient season is come. The iaflaenoe of the Holy Ghost, starving with my ransomed spirit, testifies that the convenient season has come. The voic9 of God's Holy Word, from Genesis to Revelation, and that last blessed cry of welcome, 4 Whosoever will, may come,' above all, testify that the convenient season has arrived. Glory be to God, it is a convenient season to-night. The vilest sinner in London may fly tp the crosB cf Christ ; the gniltieet profligate may obtain pardon and peace there ; the most miserable on earth may obtain the eternal friendship of Jesus. I oare not what your sins may be ; blessed be God, there is love to o'rleap them all, mercy to extend to the most rained and fallen ; and wherever there is a poor sunken soul there is God shedding tears of love over it, and drops of blood for for its salvation, and the blessed message is, 'Whosoever will, may come, because now is the accepted time, to day is the day of salvation.' May God, by the Holy Spirit, make it so to every one of oar souls. 