hOLLOWAY DRAMATIC OOAL PANY. There are few draniatio empanies no'w travelling' in the.AustfaliAn colonies who have so extensive or high-class a resertoire as the company' which is now performing in the Academy of Music, and' their patrons are getting' the full beneflltof the choice variety, a H~mlet":being the eighth piede which has been staged during the coin pany's short stay here; T 'o introduce 'a new piece almost every 'evening, And each trying in itself, is a great strain upon those engaged therein, but on each succeeding, night they appear as. fresh as before. " Hamlet" was presented last evening onia scale' superior to 'anything w- have:'pr viously seen in Launcestoni'the scenery being of a: high-class character; particu larly the oloset and graveyard scenes, the 'former lieing especially striking. A novelty was also introdweed, in the repr? sentatieo, f. the' ghost, who, in the early part of .the play, did. nit appear upon tlhe stage in the person of the acter, the shadow being thrown vpon the. c?unv?' lay nteans of the limelight. The innov4tion:is to'li commendad, as in the general'repreeienta tion of the sepilhural, visitor one is in clined to wi'sl. thsilt thi " to solid, solid flesh woul.?k nelt,u' and thiL. the body would give.plaee to the spirit. ir.W . J. Holloway's represntation of the 1Jrince of Denmark we. had oni a former occasion lo criticise somewhat severely, but ifiece then' a great improvement is -manifested, iuid lastervningl;-th6ugh at tiimes weak and ait 'others '' trill" stsger lieho 'gar a careful. and; scholarly' rendering ' of the character. In ihis :prly: speecheeshle lacked power, .:but ,as. he proceeded he improved materially and rivetted thle attention of bhs heirers; In his interview in th'flrast act witl IEdorajio, who informs him of the- unoarthly ':siiati n, h.ioewas excellent; 'and' the lines beginesng I! W'hzt a ivork is iimua"'" wre spokei with'tsse ieffect, but in'the'line''" "'is!nodi thli! very' witching hour of midnight," le soinowhit rfiled. In the closet scene he wars too 'boistero?s in his speech; thodgh' his'actitig had many creditable featurdsi 'Opholi islea Most d,fliculteharacter tosAitray,the scenes in which si? aipears svhO? hQr wit i e a hinged being very tryjng, but througho.t?t Miss Essie Jenynswas extremely nturoa, her every geeture being a study,' and' it wouldbeo difficult to find .n eirtipt who cowid'give a more rtalistic pootinyal f tlihe unifortunate though comsly uaidep. To Mr. A. Norn?ari. wasi allotted the y.Art of Ilpoi4ii Ti ng': of Dentmark," biut' his expereiec ,'t"jn?fli'ievet to permit his wearlngtjhe royaX rbes wyiti heinglj; dinity, and last night hlie disappo to' Is adinirers H"'T6 never' imparted'.to tli chriracter the plower and ability' nece?sev to a successful. representation; M'iss ~'Ntloi Steele,' isthe Queen, was dot silted; thbs part being : toe high and old for inch a young act reis. Mr. H; TIodson is generally suaesafgfl ion,Shakespearian chiracterd, and last ?vceig :roved no exception, .his Polonius bein'li e chexllent: Mr. 0. Holloway's elooetioaa'y e7ort in the speech 'all tted to tle Cliost as dedi4e?el yepk and monotonous, bht lies'an quite atf oiol, as the r'tgrcce-digge' :'ir. AH . RAlfo, oa I oratio pod 7}i lt Stewart, in Lssji'·rte were fsiarj;y' su'ccesfol 'no tho` ni eso nsy be sid ' ths Fqgqmipder of, the; eaoktd. 