THE GOLDEN HOPE : A ROMANCE OP THE DEEP. X dreamt a dream Hut was oot all a dream." BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of " A Sf.a Quints," " Tim V.'uLck op thb Gnos.vk.von," ' a Sailor's Swekt- beabt," ac. (Tho Light of Translation is Reserved.) CHAPTER XXXVI.— (Continued.) " I 'spose the skipper understands what lie's about," said the cook. 44 He's bin long enough at sea to know what o'clock it is. You may reckon, lads, that something in visible to us lias taken his heve, or he'd never sweat th' old hooker in this fashion. 'Well, it '11 be a pretty bloonnn' look-out for us if so be she tarns out an enemy," exclaimed 'Breeches. " He's bound to have us. His manoovcr's quite plain. He's steal ing to loo'ard, and means to jam us with his blooinin. machinery. Well, if there's war and she's u'heneni/, its good night. I've heard what furrin' gaols is like and the black bread they feed ye on, an' any man who's got a wife had better make up his mind to start a new home when he comes out, forstarvation '11 have given him another face, 1 allow. His friends won't know him, and any boots he may have left ashore he'll find filled up with another man's feet. I'm aweer of what I'm talkin' about. There was Billy Smithers. He wor captured out of a Hindieman somewhere up here. When he was liberated, he found his wife bad been twice married since him, and the chap as was then coortin' her broke Billy's head as an impostor." He seut a gloomy look over the taffrail, and folded his arms with a stare at the cook's pale face. Johnny, the boy, began to blub ber. 4 For this here schooner to be taken and us men made prisoners of '11 be a plcasin tarmination of the woyagc, sartinlv," said Goldsmith, in a growling ironical voice, and Savagely burying his hands in his pockets. 14 I know 1 wish I'd never shipped. Don't believe I ever should if it hadn't been for Duck parsundin' of me. There's that about this here woyage that's kep' me uncomfort able all through. Why, damme, 1 wouldn't half so much object to the parson's wision if it hadn't turned out true. It's its trucness as disagrees with me. Jf a man points to a corner and sa\s 4 There's the Devil,' and there's notlien' there, 1 laugh at him : but if he poiuts and 1 look and sees a black man with a tail twixt his legs, and eyes as big as riding-lights, why then, ve sec, 1 wants to retire. There's a sight too much of what ain't natural in this woyage. Don't want to say nothen against the lady ; but if Joe ain't" telling lies when he says that she's inorc sensible when she's asleep than when she's awake — reversing all the nat'ral laws as I'm acquainted with — then what I says is, I'm not gniii' to be surprised if the schooner's luck's pouc out of her and the worst ye can fear a fo'llowiri' of us in that steamer." 44 I tell yfcr," said Joe HaU, 44 that the lady came up asleep. She stared at notlien' past me till I slipped t'other side the tiller in a sweat. Then she sensibly talks to the parson and Mr. Stone at the Ice-rail, points and chucks her arms about, asleep all the time, and goes below, missing nothing, steppin' out true as a hair." " There's nothing wonderful in that," said Archer, who had been listening quietly, 4t Providence looks after sleepwalkers. I've heard of women getting on to the top3 of roofs of houses and strolling about on ledges so tall and narrow that people watching them have turned sick." "Well, 1 only wish the lady was more natural, more 'curding to regulations," said the cook, directing his pale face, full of uneasy workings, towards the steamer. " I never was shipmates with anyone as walked in his sleep afore, and though Providence, as Archer says, may keen a lmyc on the movements of a party given to insensibly hading arter the manner of ghosts, my notion is that the sperrit what works in u party and hcnablcs him or her to conwersc nil the way from here with a man suppoged to be in England, but 'longsidc her ail the time, can't belong to the part people looks up to when they prays!" " Why not I" demanded Archer. 44 Why not V echoed the cook. " 'Cause if it was the sort o' being a man has no call to be alarmed at, it 'ud make a party act arter the manner the party was int-iudcd to." " 1 agree with Micky," observed Gold smith. 44 1 recollect ot hearing a preacher chap at a Bethel say that when the ancient Jews saw a man acting unnatural they cal culated the devil luid stowed himself away inside of hiin. I-low they got him out o' the man I forgets ; but anyhow that notion of the ancient Jews — who were'nt blooniin' fools, neither, spite o' Bill grinum' " "I'm a gvmnin'." exclaimed Breeches, " because ye' re a makin' out that that notion you've spoken about belonged to t lie Jews. Why, man, when 1 was a lad the idea was common in the willage I was born in. I've helped duck two old women myself 'cause the belief was they'd shoved evil spirits into folks, aud prevented hens from laying eggs !" This observation led loa lively argument bc- tweek the cook, Breeches and Guldr-mith as to whether the belief that people who acted erratically, like sleepwalkers, or demonia cally, like Breeches' two old women, were possessed by demons, originated with the ancient Jews or with 'Bill's" village con temporaries. But tho slow, though unmis takable gaining of the steamer upon the schooner, presently started the men upon subjects they were more qualified to form opinions on tbau the powers of evil spirits, and they were soon engaged in alarming one another afresh with ideas as to the pursuer's nationality, and arguing upon what Hiram ought to do so as to keep the race going till nightfall, if the wind held. Meanwhile Fortcscue stood close to Agatha, anxiously listening to Weeks and Stone at one or the other of them spoke about the pursuit, whilst the girl seemed to heed nothing but the rushing of the schooner aud the sight of the seas, which would come rolling at "one moment with their dazzling brows sun-touched by the flying morning splendour between the speeding clouds, at the next pouring in delicate olivc-crccii uuder the eclipsing shadow of the passing bodies of vapour. Sometimes in glaucing at her and marking her rapt enjoyment of the windy streaming picture, the curate would fancy that there must be something more than the mere relief the buoyant bonndings of the vessel gave to the clouded mind and to that physical oppression in the head she spoke of ; something more than this in her delight ' in the beautiful alternations of glory aud shade, of the sparkling blue kindled by the sunlight, or the sombre tinge that gloomed in each swelling height with the varying of the luminary's beams. What but "the old . instincts, the old admiration that at Wyloc often sweetened her pensive gaze, when . from the seashore she watched with him some lovely, some tempestuous, some solemn evening summer mood of the deep, stirred in her now that she had before her the very perfection of an ocean picture in the flight of the schooner through the liquid vallevs aud over the foaming hills, with liberty like a goddess born of and dominating the . mighty weltering amphitheatre, inform ing every echo with a song of rare melody, till the minstrelsy in the rigging and the thunderous cadence over the bows, and the sharp, metallic, bell-like ringing notes of the sweeping foam combined their sounds into the music of an orchestra, to whose measures ' the schooner aud the surges and the cloud3 and the recurrent dartings of the high sun's beams kept time ? But the pursuit I What did that steamer there signify? She was yet hull down, but with all her canvas showing, settling away . on the lee quarter; though now when Hiram brought his eye from the glass he informed Stone'that she was heading exactly their own course. « There is no doubt she is after us ?" said the curate. "Not a shadder of doubt, Mr. Fortescuc." " And she is overtaking us V "That's plain, too, sir." 44 Suppose she should prove an English man, captain?" 44 1 don't want to find out, Mr. Fortcscue. I don't want to have nothen' to say to her. As I have told ye, if she nin't a friend it'll be too late wheu the fact's discovered. Bill, shall wc bring the schooner close ? We're being picked up, mate !" " It won't do to jam her," answered Stone; 44 but it might be worth findin' out if th' Hope won't lie closer than t'other can. Half a point " (TO BE CONTINUED.) 