LIKE AND??I UNLIKE. Br M. E. BaDonot, Author o 'L?tdy Asudle?y Seret,'" Etc CHAPTER XII.(CowNEuzD ) 'He may have hidden her somewhere in that great- barraok. of -8 house,' said St. ..ustell; or he may have buried her in the -gIarden., 'It would not be easy to hide a eorpse In 'the largest bones; nor easy to dig a grave between midnight and morning In summer time, such a grave as should not be obvious to every eye. The one safe hiding plane would be the river; hut that Is more than a 'aquarter of a mile from the house, it the neemmst point.' ' SWhy not drag the river?' asked St. " isetell. 'I mean to got it done; but your lordship '.must remember that it is only within the last few days I succeeded In finding the Bildeord boatman, and that it was his ' desodptien of his passengers appearance and sondect whic conofirmed my suspieion of onol play. There is such a thing as instinct; but one must have some better jnuclfioation than istiaet before taking active steps in a bueinees of this kind.' 'It is the fault of your tribe,' said St. Austell. 'Yon are all over eantions. This mahibears the brand of Cain on his fore ' You are right there. He has the criminal manner distinctly marked. I saw that when I spent an evening in his mother's house, and I was almost as certain then as I am now that be made away with his wife.' 'When can we get the river dragged ?' •sked the Colonel. ' To-morrow at daybreak,' answered ' Ml moltt. " I have engaged a couple of men to do it. They know wie.t they are to search .for, but they will keep their counsel, and tell any curious inquirers that I dropped a valuable watch into the stream yesterday afternoon when I was rowing. I hired a boat at the bridge yesterday, and rowed up the thsad and along the Abbey river, and in this place, where everything is known that con aerns other people's businees, that fact is care to be known. The men will begin to drag at a point that I shall indicate to them •nearest to the Abbey, and work down stream .for a quarter of a mile-then go back to the same point and work up stream. II the 'body was thrown into the river it will be found within those limits.' SWhat if that final evidence is' found? The murderer will have had time to gee out of reach of justice before a coroner's inmqest 'ea bring his crime to light,' said St. Austell. "'' He- will not leave the country very easily All the principal ports are beiog watched.!' " 'But what of the emaller ports Hoewill get away, it he wants to escape.' I ''I don't believe he intende flight',' saia the -Colonel. ' Sir Adrian's manner was natural '.enough this afternoon when he talked of his brother having gone up to town, and the possibility of his travelling sooner or later. 'He has held his ground so long that I see no reason why lie should take fright now.' ' Unless he smells, a rat, and suspects Melnotte,' said St. Auatell. The late winter dawn found St. Austell awake in his old.fashioned four-post bed at the hotel by Ohadford Bridge. He had been tossing about all night, sleepless,- save for brief enatahes of half unconsciousnesse, which were rather waking dreams than sleep. Not for one instant of that weary night had Helen's image been absent from his thoughts. Again, and again, and again he had lived over their last meeting- recalling her Idoks and tones-hlerreluctaint yielding to his prayers-and then her final promise, solemnlygiven,that ehc would be his. He remembered bow he had stood by her side, with her hand clasped in his, and had said to her,' This:promiss makes you mine for ever, love. There must be' no going back from your words to.day. To' me it is a pledge as solemn as was ever made before the altar. May the worst evil happen' to me if I ever fall away from my fidelity to you-' He. had spoken in good faith and now ln his despair hbe told him. . e-e2- -wntho` r~ie-'h- love r 1 of hls lif.i' and that if she had lived he would have been true to her to the end., '"She was beautiful enough to enslave a man for a lifetime,' he said to himself. "She had spirit enough to make her a diffi. -cnul conquest,; she was jiat clover enough to be a delightful oompanion for a clever man. She was the one perfect woman whom I have known.' He rose at daybreak, worn out by sleep. lessness, and tried to refresh himself wi;h an ice-cold bath. The house was antir early in the hunting season, and there was a great ery for baths and boots. and hurrying to and fro of chamber maids in the earridor, by the time Lord Sr. Austell was 'dressed. His breakfasi was. raady in the pretty sittingroom looking on to the road 'and the river, at eight o'clock,- bute was eas little able to eat as he had been to sleep. He sat staring at the fire, and sipping a cup 'of tea, while ha plotured to bimsalf what the "men were doing in the Abbey river. He had intended to be down there at daybreak and to watch them at their work from the beginning. He had thought about it all night, but when the mo ning light came, his courage failed him. It was all too ghastly. How would death have need her, his beloved, she whose smile was to have been his Aurora, who was to have looked upon him in the happy dawn, In the glad beginning of each new day. How would she have fared in -that cold couoh, where they were seeking her 2 F~.r the first time sinces his boyhood he prayed with all the strength and fervour of a believer-I forgettinghis eeepsieism, his so-ciology, his pes?imlem, everything, except the mental agony which wrong that prayer from him. :'He prayed that the men with the drags i might not fled her. That she might still be living, lost to him, perhaps, but living and lovely as she had been hoen last he looked neonher lass. The men most have been at work for more than an hour by this time, and it would take bim nearly an hour to walk to the Abbey ?te?r: yet still he sat with his breakfast sunp I his hand, staring at the fire, besitatling, ...gcalnuetant to face the result of that loathsome work, At last, with an eforl. he rose from hi arm chaur, put on his coat, and went est. Thea were three young men starting for a distait meet as he left the hotel. Tney were clatternog over the bridge, lighting their -igars, and talting and laughing; fall of imane joeosity, as it seemed to St Aunsrll. 'He almost hoped that one of them would be killed before they same back in the evening. He exerated them for their mirthbful Inep tituode, as they went jogging up the stony Sbill, slapping their horses' haunches and ewaggering so their saddles. He was glad to net away from the old English town, and ws hcinfge of modern villas, to the lonely high road. and then to the footpath arosrs she lark, to that tributary of she Chad which wasr ealed the Abbey river, a stream in whieb many a fat and placid lay-brother had dhbed with net or line, and placsed his eel baskets in the good old monkiehb days St. Au,. stell went down into the deep glen through wbhiah the river ran, parallel with th railroad. He went by the same narrow eath which he had trodden last August, uander the heavy summer foliage. Now the ·boughs were bare. and tbho wiot sky loonk:d ' oldly blue behind the dark tracery of lesafles twige. He saw the esene as in a dream, the wind-swept hillocks and hoelows. the great brown trunks of the oaks, and in the Sdistance the bright gleaming river glansing h?ese and there acrooss an opening in the woodland. Ha went down to the Park, -rwhere he met Mrs. Baddeley yesterday afternoon.' These was no oneo in nlght, nor could he hear the sound of the irone asraping along the pebble bed. If the men were still at work they were out of ear shot. He walked slowly along, hoping that all wvt over, and t at nothing had been bound; but a little further on he met Mel notte, and the frst gliaos at his faoe told St Auetell that there had been a ghastly die. eovery.-. ' 'What are you doing here, Lord St. Ahnstll,' said elnotte hourriedly. ' Pray go a'ok. The worer h·e he eneed, and yon Pabibbee by .po.et scaug.a.sn wsame authos--er. ought not to be teen here. It may du you harm by-and-bye. Take my advice and get away from this neighbourhood as soon as you can.? .What have they found-- where l' asked BSt Auestell, ignoring his advice. 'They ,have found a body in a deep pool farther down' the stream is is her's, there are ample means of recognition. The long brown hair, a wedding ring and keeper, a Persian rug wound round with a silk handkerchief. If her murderer had taken paine to secure her identification, and to show that she did not throw herself into the river, but was thrown in by someoady else, he could not have done more. Yes, it is very sad, my lord,' as it in answer to -the agony in St. Anutell's cbuntenance,' but there is no help. It is all over and done with It is only what I expected. What youhave todo is to get away from Chadford before the inquest, and to keep your name out of the buainess, if you san. You are known to have been with her on the last day of her life, to have planned an elopement with her. You may be suspested of her murder-who knows.' ' I don't care whether I am or not. Where is she ? Let me see her,' said St. Austell, trying to pass Mr. Melootte, who contrived to block the path. 'For God's sake don't go that way. The men are carrying their borden to the dead. house. Let no one who loved her look upon her-let no one buhot the surgeon see all that death and the river have left of poor humanity. Come back to Chadworth with me, Lord St. Austell; I am going to' the Coroner.' ' What of her murderer ? Is he to escape you ?' ' Not if I can help it. I shall telegraph to Scotland Yard before I see the Coroner, and when I have seen him I shall get a magia. trate's warrant for Mr. Belfield's arrest, and I shall take the first train for London to put the warrant in force.' I Sir Adrian will have communloated with his brother in the meantime. perhaps. Doe. he know what has happened?' ' Not yet, I think. There was no one down by the river while the men were at work, except, a gamekeeper, and I told him my story of having dropped my watch into the stream, which he seemed to swallow easily enough. I don't think Sir Adrian can have heard anything yet, but there will be plenty of talk, I suppose when the remains have been taken to the dead-house.' Lord St. Austell looked back along the riverpsth. He saw the men in the dietance. carrying their burden on a light hand-bier, which shey must have taken with them from the 'dead.house in expectation of this 'ghastly, result. The burden was covered with a black cloth, and they were walking slowly in the same direction as St. Austell and iMelnotte, only a good way behind. He made no further attempt to see what lay beneath yonder gruesome covering; indeed he felt that Melnotte was right, and that he woo~d not for worlds have looked upon those poor reline of all that. he had loved. Let not that horrible image come between him and his memory of her fresh young beauty; let him not be reminded through her of what he himecl must be-of poorhumanity's common doom. He walked back to the town almost in silence, and left tse detective to do his work alone. MIl. notte suggested that he should go to the aottago and break the news to Colonel Deverill, but this St. Austell refused. ' I can help no man to bear his burden,' he said; ' my own is too heavy for me.' It was part of his burden to know that his unholy love had been the cause of Helen Belfield's death. If her husband: was the murderer, it was her lover who had brought about the crime. OeArr?A?XLIII.-' LET M?E 'E YOUR SERVANT.' Valentine Belfield did not go to the Great Western Hotel after he left-the house in Liesbn Grove. He was too deeply agitated to go quietly back to his hotel and eat a good supper and drink a bottle of wine and go to' bed and rest. , He knew that sleep was imposeible, unless he could bring it about by sheer fatigue, as he had done when he walked ftiio tlie Abbeito Bideford and had sleit the sleep of exhauston in the bottom of the little sailing boat. His only chance to.night was to walk down the devil of restlessness - that was in him; so he turned his face north ward and walked to Hampstead, and then atraek off towards Finahley and Hendon and roamed about among fields and lanes all night, and at seven o'clock, breakfasted at a little public-house by the eide of a canal, eomewherebetween Finhbley road and Child's Hill. It was a house chiefly affected by bargemen, and nobody took any particular notice of him, the barmaid merely remarkmn that in all probability he was a swell who had been on the drink last night, and ba: been walking about to sober himself. He woes sober enough this morning ovidently, and was proof aegainst all the barmaid's blandish. mense, though she had taken the trouble to take her hair out of papers before she carried nim his breakfast of eggs and baoon and strong tea. He had eaten nothing yesterday except the dainty little plate of bread and butter supplied by Madge. and he was faint and sick from the unaccustomed fast. He fell asleep by the fire in the public. I house tarlour. slept through the entranaes and exists of several relays of bargemen, slept amidst the odour of beer and the jingle of pewterpota, dozed on till the afternoon, and then paid his score and went away. BHe made his way across the -fields to the e Edgware road and thence to Lieson Grove, where he went into a elopseller's shop and a bought a complate suit of such olothee at t are worn by the lower order of working men e -oan Oxford shirt, corduroy tresoeer, t foatlan jacket, and hob-nailed boots. He changed his clothes on the- premises, and ro appeared in Lieon Grove in corduroy and tnetian, leasing his own things to be kept t till salled for. The shopman wondered not a little at this tran. sormation.. SIt's alark, sir, 1 suppose ?' he said. 'Yes,it's a lark,' answered Mr. BelfiGeld, ashe walked out of the shop" SWell, I must say that Inever laid eyes on a less larky-looking lent to be up to snobh a move as that,' said the young Israelite, to his fellow shopman, as he put Mr. Belfield's clIotbee away. ' There's a lady at the bottom o it, I make no donbt, Benjamln,' replied the other, die mfissing the snbject, which remark was more acurane than speculative observatioca are wont to be. It was dnEk when Mr. Belfield rang the bell at the Folorn Hope. Madge opened the doer and did not reeognise him, as he stood facing her silently, with his back to the light ' What do you want, my good man ?' 'I want to be your servant, as I told yenou last night.' ' Mr. Bslfield, why are you still hanging about here ?' cried Madge, in an agonised tone. 'This is sheer madnss.' ' I believe it is nest doer to madness,' answered Valentine, following her into the parlour, 'but it is madness that only you I ean cure. There's no use in my going abroad. I Madge, witbout you. I should only carry my guilty conscience and my misery with me, go where I miaht-Afrios, Asia, the North' Pole-it would habe all the same to me. There is no plase so strange, no life so wrild and full of danger, exeisment, oeooopa. tion, thatwould make me forget, so long as I ?ere alone. You have the power so eom fort me. You have the pawer to lay the ghost that haunts'me. You alone can tell me that I haverepented and hasve expiated my sin. You have the faith that moves mountains, and by your faith I may be saved. Lsave me to myself and I shall periah inevitably. There is no help, no oure, but througph you.' SYon are mad,' she said. ' Yes, t is all madness. I have a good work to do here, and loaneot leave it.' 'Let me tay here then, and work for you. That is what '1 bae come for--to be your dmrudge, yourslave; to be what Calibau was to Prospero. I am dressed for the part, you see. Youwill fnd how handy lean mace myself, cleanlng windows and earubbing fligstones, doing work that you and the sisters oannot do, with all your willingones to toil And in bad eases, when a patient wants watabing at night, I can do my part ma a wateh-tog. You don't know what I ian be under your Iransforming .power. oledge, I have no friend in the world:but you.' 'You have your mother, a nearer and dearer friend.' ' No. To my mother my life has been a lie. She only is my friend who knowsemy sinand my repentance. Let me stay here, Madge, and when 'I leave the odniatry go with me as my guardian angel and my wile Test the truthof my repentance, if you will, before you trust me. See how abanged a creature I have become. How all that is vilest in my nature has been purged on; of it by the horror of my secret sin. Test me to the uttermost as your servant, before you accept me as your hueband.' Madge began to' waver. He who wase pleading to her knew not how urgently her own CFsrs was pleading for him, how fondly she lered him even In his degradation, stained with the shedding of blood. ' I believe it would be for your own safety to leave England instantly,' she said. ' There is no knowing when danger may arise, but if you ere bent upon staying in this house and helping as in our work, I will talk to the sisters and see what san be done. O0r fortnightly committee meeting will be held to-morrow afternoon, and most of the sisters will be here. If they consent to your being employed here- as a servant -I have no objection. There is a little room on this floor at the end of the passage, whiehyou might have as a bedroom. It is small and rather dark, but it ls dry and well ventilated.' 'Give me any den, any cell,' said Valen tine. 'Do you think I care how I am lodged. I want to be near you, Madge. I want to feel the support of your presence. That is all I ask.' 'You must not call me Madge here. I am Sister Margaret.' 'You shall be Sister Margaret, until you are wife Margaret. And now order me about let me begin my slavery, Give me any work there is to be done.' ' I don't think there is anything you can do to.night, but you shall clean .all the windows to-morrow, if you like. Our windows have always been an afflietion to me. We have done our best, bus women are not good as window.cleaners. To-night you can take a holiday, but on future evenings we ran give you some pen manehlp to do for us- letters to charitsable people who help as. What must we eall you, by-the-bye? You have a second Christian name, I think.' 'Yes. I was christened John Yalentine, but I was always called by the second name, because my mother preferred it' ' Then here we will call you John.' She began to prepare the tea. as she had done on the previous evening, and two of the sisters came in to fetch the trays for their patients. One was an elderly woman, the other a girl of two.and-twenty, a pale, gentle looking creature, with a wistful expression in her.large, blus eyes. Madge introduced Valentine to them As Mr. John, a person who in the outside world had been agentleman, but who had offered himself to them as a servant. 'If all the sisters approve, I think we may. keep him here and find him very useful,' abe said.: 'In the meantime he will stay here tor' to-night, and he can help you both in carrying round the coal-scuttles after' tea.' Bister Agnes, the fair girl, eat down to tea with Madge and Valentine. She had a slightly nervous manner, and spoke rarely, but. Valentine was interested in her sp. pearance, and inquired her history by-ana bye, when she had gone back to her duties on the upper floor. ' Her's is a sad story. She belongs toI very rich people, and three years ago her life was a round of gaiety. She fell in love with an army doctor, and her family were all opposed to the match, and made her break off her engagement. He went to Egypt and was killed in the Soudan. She heard of his death unoexpeuaedly from her partner at a dance, and for six months after. wards she was out of her mind. When she recovered, nothing would induce her to resume her old life of fine clothes and parties, nothing would induce her to hear of another lover. She devotes her life to hliriiable work asnd all the money iortather gives her Is given to the poor. He is very liberal to her. although he disapproves of her way of lice She spends only one day of every week in this house, but she works for us out of doors, going about the streets at night, and talking to wretched women whom few girls of her age would have she courage to approach. Tna. fragile-looking woman has penetrated the darkest alleys about Clare Itarket, the most dangerous streets in aeraliff Highway. where even the police go at the risk of their lives She has never eufiered any harm, has hardly ever been in ulited by a coarse word. She has done more good than any other member of our eiater nood, although allhave worked well,' 'She can sake your place when you have gone to the other side of the world, Madge ' Madge shook her head with a sweet. aerious look, full of tenderness. 'I shall never leave my work, Mr. Belfeld. I have gi'en myself to it as muon as it I had taken a vow. I am very sorry for you. I would do much to befriend you or to be of ose toyou, bat I have put my hand to the plough, and I shall never take it away ' Valentine got up and began to pane the room, faming. ' It is madnesa,' he exclaimed; 'a woman's craze. Only a woman would ever think of I snobch a thing. Are there not hospitals for iolk women ' SThere are hospitals for disease, but there are no hospitals for tle weak and ailing ; there are very few refugee for fainting sinsers. There are plenty of orphanages for I the -spotless children, but there are few havens for the girls lost in the dawn of girlhood; Chrit loved the lanoocnt children, and called them to hie knees ; but he.had inexhaustible pity for the fallen women.' 'So be it.' You have set the ball rolling, You .nave begun the work. Others can carry it on..' SI w~illnot leave it to othen' 'You can eontinne your good work in the -utipodee. You will find sin in the new world as well as ino the old. There is no colony so recently founded that Satan has a not helped to people it. Come, Madge, be reasonable. Three years ago you spurned me beanse I dared to approach you as a sedeucer. You did well, and I deserved your contempt. Now I come to yen In all honour; I dfler you all I have to give-my name, my life, my fortone, uanh as it is I ameno inherit all my mother's property, and I shall ,ot be a poor man I some to you with a blemished life. stained with one hour of darkest sin. But I am not altogether vile. I have repented thas fatal bour in the long agony of months. I shall repent is all my lde. Only you ean make that life tolerable; only you oanheal my wounds. Be my wife, Madge; take me with all my slins.' She held out her hand to him asheestopped in bhie pacing so and fro, and they remained for some momenta silent, with clasped hands, he looking down at her, his eyes kindling ashe looked; tshe very pale and her lipas slightly tremutlons. ' You love me, Madge,' he said breath lessly; tyou oan forget all for my sake.' I am very sorry for you,' she answered softly, abot I have done with individual love. Ihave givenmy heart aod life to my Borrowing slsers. 'It is a craze, LMadge ; I say again it is a, orare.' ' You have not seen the good done-you have not seen the altered faces. There are women now in happy honest homes whom we have picked up out of the gutter. If you were to see one yonag wife I know of, with her husband and her baby. you would not believe there had ever been a stain on her life. He took her, knowing what her past had been, and he has eheriebed her as a pearl of prise. Tbhese are rare eass; but they are bright spots which ehser us and help us on ward through many a dark night ' 'Well, you are resolute, I euppose, You will go on helping strangers, and yeao will abandon me to my fate.' 'Ido not abandon you. I will do any thing in my power to help you, short of sasrificig duty for your saeke I thnk you are very unwise to loiter here when you ought to be getting far away from England, oniog .year identity in a strango .wo,cld. Your wife's relatioos will not be satiesed fur ever without certain knowledge of her 'ate. An investigation may .be set on fool at any moment, and the troth may be brought to light. You should be out of the wae) before that can happen.' 'I tell you I do not value my life unlers you will share it. I would rather stay here and clean windows, than riot in laxury at the Antipodes.' 'Madge answered nothing. She left the hopelessnese of the situation. He had ohosen to oame there, and sea had not denied him shelter. Bhe had taken upon herEelf in some wise the responsibility:of his existence. since bhe -had spoken of him to the Sisters; and now she felt that his presence thiere would be a constant source of anxiety and mental disturbanee. Bho- waoud have to bhe per petually on her guar.i, for ever denying a love which was the strongest passion of her life. It had been in her despair as resigning him that she had gone upon her mission to her mother. All that she had done for others had been the on-shoot of her despair. ing love for him. And now he offered him self to her in honour, and she refuaed him. ' If I give way to his fancy, he will forget all the past, and his repentance will become a mockery,' she said to herself. * I cannot stand in the place of his dead wife. Ioannot profit by his erime. How could I ever be at peace, remembering that is was murder that set him free to be my husband ?' (TO Ba cVO?TrUnD) 