"The Resurrection of the Dead and the Change of the Living." On Friday evening, a lecture was delivered with the above title in tho Maitlaud School of Arts, the lecturer being Mr. Wolls, " an evangelist serving under the restored apostles of the Lord." Lieuten- ant Wilkinson, of Pokolbin, occupied the chair, and briefly introduced the lecturer. There was a small attendance of the public. Mr. WELLS said the subject of the lecture was one, of general interest, and of great gravity, as well as being a practical thing. He purposed speaking what he had taught and believed was the truth of God on this subject. It was no clever in- vention : he bore witness te -the truth of God. Every system of philosophy and religion had set itself among other tasks to answer the question What is the destiny of man after this present life ? Many solutions had been offered which were fanci-1 fal and fantastic, having no warrant in revelation. Bu<; what was the truth of God on the subject ? Reference was necessary to the Word of God in the Bible, and it was found from tho very beginning of the revelation that mention was made moro or less plainly of the resurrection of the dead. God's Word solved the question : man shall rise again. The words meant what they said They upheld that man should rise as man. He would not rise as a spiritual existence, but in his tripartite nature of body, soul, and spirit. That was what men who recited the creeds professed to hold. " I believe.in the resurrection of the body." Reliance was placed on passages of Scripture, notably that in Job beginning-"I know that my Redeemer liveth." There were in fact in Scripture many expressions of belief that man Bhall rise again, as a body. When the Christian dispen- sation began it might have been thought that the resurrection of Christ would bo pointed at as a justi- fication of the bolief hitherto held. So it was. The Apostles preached the resurrection of their Lord-Jesus and the resurrection was their theme : in His rising from the dead there was a concrete example of the act of Sod in raising men from the dead. The Church of God, brought into existence by the indwelling of the Holy Ghost in its members, was a witness to the resurrection, i It was incumbent therefore on all who had been by baptism admitted to the Church of God, and had become- temples of the Holy Ghost, to bear witness in their own persons of their unity with the Risen Man, by fervent and manifest belief in the doc- trine of the resurrection of the dead. The belief was, as hod boen said, generally held, yet the doc rino, when men were asked to define it as they accepted it, was usually defined in vague and general terms. Few men held the hope that was based on the doctrine of the resurrection-namely that by the act of God, they Bhall rise again with their bodies, but in conditions from which sin, weak- ness, Buffering and all earthly limitations have been banished. St waa a common phrase to speak of men going to heaven, by which was meant entry into the presence of God, wherever He is. Holy Scrip- ture however, did not justify that belief. Since men when they die are buried, and we have their bodies here on the earth, the going to Heaven of the man would imply merely the presence there of the spirit. But that was not the resurrection of the dead promised to all men ¡ it would not be a resur- rection of the body. On the authority of St. Paul, wo were entitled to say that by virtue of the sacri- fice of Christ, all mon shall rise again in the body from the dead. Abraham received a promise that he should possess the land of Canaan, but to him the promise was not fulfilled. Hence, that God may be proved to bo a covenant-keeping God, eventually the promise to Abraham must be fulfilled. That consummation would be reached at the resurrec- tion of the dead according to the Scripture ; and meanwhile those who have received the promises wait till all are ready who are entitled to partici- pate in that great event. From Revelation it was shown that spirits of martyrs, those who had been Blain tor the testimony they had borne to the truth were waiting-were not in heaven, where tho common impression would place them, but wait- ing till all are ready for the resurrection. It woo the first resurrection for which these waited -there was till then no resurrection of the deod.< A common delusion wasthattheKingdom of God would come in by the gradual improvement of the world. No doubt agencies for improvement of the world wera at work-let God therefore be praised !-but in the Scripture there was no promise of such ?general improvement anterior to the first resurrection. On the contrary, it was said there should be scoffers in the last dayB. Thore were scoffers, and a general question- ing of all old beliefs, the presence of seduc- ing Bpirits drawing men away from the faith, prevalence of doubt and denial-in short, all the signs for which we have been instructed to look 'of the approach of the lost days are manifest. Christian men, members of Christ's Body the church, receivers by the sacrament of the baptism' of tho Holy Spirit of God, were required, as the church is required, to bo the pillar and ground of the truth, and should testify truth to the heathen world. They trere in condemnation if they wit- nessed to a lie, and deceived the heathen men. Mon held a bright vision of the eventual conversion of the whole heathen world, but of tbat there was no warrantable hope : we cannot con- vert the whole world. When the judgments of God come upon us, the inhabitants of t|he world will learn righteousness. The coming of the judgments would precede any general conver- sion of the heathen, for if men do not witness to the heathen the truth of God, but witness a lie, the Son of God, who died for all men, will not tolerate it, will not have us thrusting back into darkness those for whom He died. Therefore the judgment of God will bring in the true witness, and the nations will then leam righteousness. After death there would be no probation. On earth alone was probation granted. Men would be judged according, to their opportunities of learning the truth, but would be judged of by acta done on earth and for those only-judged for the things done in the body. It behoved men therefore to declare themselves so here in the service of God that hereafter they might have place in that King- dom of His into which nothing vile or evil will be allowed to enter. The end of the world was usually associated, but wrongly so, with the coming of the Lord. Christ will undoubtedly come and the resurrection take place, at the end of the world But that was not the hope of Christian men. As St. Paul had said, Christ had risen from the dead as the first fruits of the resurrection, and the pcomiBfe was that every man entitled to a post inithe first resurrection would rise, each in his own order. Christ the first-fruits, then they that are His each in his own order, and " then corneta the cnày That then was the hope of Christian" men, a part in the first resurrection, the prize of their high calling, the mark to which they pressed forward. Reafisation of their desire involved a living and reigning with Christ on the earth for one thousand * years. That was the hope of the church, a prize worth striving for. It embraced, according to the promisee, a Kingship and a priesthood, a share ia * i the dominion of the Lord. To consider that tho end of the world was to be coincident with tho resurrection was a dangerous doctrine, for it led to delay in the performance of a duty imperative oa all Christian men-the duty to be ready. Thd word W98 that the day of the Lord would come as a thief in the night, unexpectedly, without warning. As had beca said, the signs of the times wore abun> dant suggestion of tho approaching close of tho dispensation-men had a warrant for anticipating the near arrival of the first resurrection, although of the day and the hour of its occurrence no man has knowledge. But Christian men were required to look for not only the resurrection of the body, but a change of certain of the living at tho season o£ the Lord's appearance. " We shall not all sleepj but we shall oil be changed." The hope foe those who live was that they might ba changed from mortality to immortality without; seeing death. As it was written " the last enemy that shall bo destroyed is death ¡" and therefore it behoved men to live so that, as to them, that enemy rr.ight have no power at the appearing o£ Christ. The Lord would discriminate : some sholl bo taken and some left, and those whom He would; take were those whom He found in their several voca« tions and ministries doing His will. Men should consider what the resurrection of the dead was-a» exchange of the sad conditions of mortality for glorious conditions of immortality-an exchange of. these conditions for the whole man, for body, soul,'. and spirit. That he might enjoy suet an exchange speedily was the Christian's hope j and holding that hope, and doing resolutely the work which. God had given him here, ho would, yearning, and hoping for the change, expect the coming of tho. Lord, *nd pray " Even so, come, Lord Jesus.." m .M^' 