Pepe's Shroud. A Graveyard Story.. Pepe Murhua was perhaps lbs most popu lar young man in San Felipe. He was a singularly cheery lad, and to his unfailing good spirits, no doubt, owed much uf his popularity, rather tnan to his many qualities , of greater sterling worth. But the trait which i excited most interest among his compeers of i his cwn age and sex was bis dauntless, dar- j ing ooursge. None so reckless as Pepe when j the amateurs took the bull-ring for some f undo a whose funds were devoted to ohari- : table or patriotic purposes ; none pushed his | horse to suoh strenuous efforts, nor olung so i persistently to the gams at the cnlcade-ro when i the young bloods of the community pitted : their strength one against another in 11 tail- i ing the bull." And brave he was, too, iu : emergencies in which the soul is lees highly . keyed to heroism than in such stimulating ! phases of dash and enthusiasm. Faoing . calmly and in cold blood men maddened by . driDk or passion, or else lurning a hold, de- ! fiant front to the lawless gentry infesting, In I his day, the district, Pepe demonstrated ever I his self-possession and courageous spirit. A group of Pepe's friends had had his atiri- 1 butes under discussion, one flawy, flighty Sunday afternoon, when the sudden inter- ! mittent gusts of rain and the dusty wind had driven them to shelter from the rather bleak alameda, where to-day no carriages dashed under the garrulous cotton woods, nor demure dark-eyed maidens paced tho gravelled ways or perched, like gay birds, upon the massive stucco benches. The coterie had betaken themselves to the house of Don Enrique Soto, at the instance of Federico, his son, who sat brimming their glasses with ths cordial wine of Patras — to the disdain, bo it admitted, of divers supercilious spirits, who v/ould have been vastly better contented with any poor, thin liquor, so only that it should bear a foreign label. "I tell you, comrades all," cried Pablo Nunez, " this fine fellow Pepo gets credit for valor he does not know. In all these icats of strength that he performs he knows he is at an advantage by virtue of " his limber build and strong muscles. But the true test of courage will be a case where he is on equality with othetB — with all the world. How would he behave during an earthquake, when his tremendous strength would avail him no thing ? How long would he stand up before an intangible shape— a phantom?" At that a shouted ehorus of laughter as cended bom the cirole of young men. " Por Bios ! Pablo, doest thou believe in phantoms ? But what ghosts hast thou seen ? Gome, tell us a tals— a story— a legend. A pretty business this— that Pablo has grown credulous of ghosts— he who waB wont to scoff at aught that he could not touch, regarding the dootrines of the church even as the super stitious dreams of ignorant women. Ho, Pepel" cried the merry crew, deridingly a the favourite came to the door; " here is meat for thy mirth 1 Here is Pablo grown super stitious ! " Pepe smiled when the babbling spirits ex plained the situation, not failing, either, to mark the point that the question had arisen through Nunez's doubt of Pepe's valor. But smile though he did, Pepe looked serious, too. " Remember, mateB," he said, " that Pablo is from the Sierra, and in the mountains one growB up more inclined to belief in unearthly things— the very influences of Nature, un changed by the arts of man, tend that way." "Ey 1 Pepe to the defence ! " " Well, yes, then," said Pepe ; " and I do think, moreover, that deep down in every hnman heart there larks belief, of less or greater strength, in the supernatural. Some Btake their faith on dreams, and some on Bigns and tokens. Thou, Corvera, didst shiver and leave off playing mallila, one night last week, beoause Jnan Luna looked over your shoulder with his oroeaed eyes. How many of you will join me to-morrow in a dinner I will give to twelve ? Come, speak up, boys 1 You shall have the fullest spread the town affords, and French wines all. What ! are you bashful ? " No man made exuberant haste to aooept Murhua 's offer to make one of the thirteen ; rather, the young fellows looked abashed and guilty. " Aja ! " oried Pablo Nunez, " I told them you'd wear the white plume on some charges. Now, see, Pepe, you rank as the pluckiest fel low in town ; will you go to Campo Santo alone at night?" " I don't think I am the pluckiest," j Pepe; "there's Juan Oarrazco, who faoed and I threw a mad bull that was charging a crowd | in the market-plaoe ; and Tito Redona, who j overcame and tied crazy Sanchez, the butcher, over the dead body of the maniac's son, that he had just murdered." " So you want to dodge the trial by shift, j ing the honours?" said Nunez, tauntingly. | « These cure all oases where the danger was dear and definite. Yon will not go to the I graveyard?" | " Oh, yes," said Pepe, " I am not given to 1 dodging; I will go. Now, mind you, I am : afraid. Yes, comrades, it is true. The un- I known is always the thing fullest of horrors, and l find an awful terror in tbe thought that, as a bare possibility , even, somewhat that is gruesome and fearful might befall. But to my mind the truest oourage lies; not in our reckless, foolhardy exploits, but in fearing a thing and faoing it all the same. Come, what do you wish me to do ?" " Let us go now to Campo Santo, and see what shall be the test and at the word they trooped out and np the street to the dreary graveyard, faoing on a forlorn, empty square above the alameda, a spot so desolate and forbidding that its mere contemplation would make world-weary humanity willing to cling to life rather than face the destiny of lying in such repellant confines, Death, the fieaper, had garnered ample harvests at San Felipe ; his granary was full to overflow ing. The long, whitewashed fagade was topped by a arose above the great portal of the zaguan, inexplicably wide, since no car riage nor beast of burden ever orosees the threshold. In 'the long, narrow vestibule, or porch, a chapel was arranged, where, night and day, a lamp burned before a pictured Holy Family, ana its flame threw uncanny reflections upon a row of gleaming ashen- white skulls ranged below. Passing through this speoieB of atrium the young men, sobered by their surroundings, entered the city of the dead. The graves lay thick as grass-blades, literally overlapping, and almost without ex ception faoing westward. No shrubs, no flowers or trees enlivened |the scene ; only the debris of dried bouquets from the annual devotion on All Souls' Day, whioh had fallen a fort night previous, and here and there a harsh, glaring wreath of yellow and blaok immor telles. Some of the monuments were stately and handsome, but the majority were fiat, low-lying stones, carved with no particular skill or taste, and often defective autnography. Some of the humbler sort were built of ma sonry, and painted in crudest, vividest tones of blue or green, pioked out with weather- tarnished gilding. A fair production of the monuments bore the letters " D. P,." whioh indicated the right of the tenants to slumber there undisturbed in perpetuity, instead of Buffering exhumation like the lesB-favored, whose mouldering bones at the end of fonr or five years would be unearthed and thrown into the oommon receptacle of the kuesario. So depressing was the place that the visi tors, as with one accord, and an instinct of self-defence, lighted fresh cigarettes, and puffed vigorously, until they created a cloud of fragrant blue smoke to mingl9 with the murky atmosphere. They pioked their way with what reveranoe of tread they might to a seotion of the northern wall, where the plaster was orombling away bom the brown abodes, while here and there in the scarred expanse were tablets bearing, besides same : and date, the k-gecd, "Slain by tbe Savages," in mournful suggestion of the days, not so j long gone by, when the Indians had been wont to swoop in fierce raids into the oity'i very streets. Then Nunez, still acting as spokesman, 1 turned to Pepe. j "Wilt thou come here at midnight and i drive a nail into that wall ?" i " I will do it," answered Pepe, " but with ! reluctance, as you know." " ! Then, alter the inevitable chatter and ohaff, j tb8 crowd lounged homeward, j It was perhaps tan o'clock when they re- | assembled at Pablo Nunez's office, deeming i it indiscreet. to start such au undertaking from J ths salon de billier or any mora publio point. | Pepe looked a little pale and eerie, but never theless oame gallantly forward. At the laBt, Clemente AUande, Pebe's bosom friend, tried to dissuade him from the enterprise. '"Tis a rash and useless thing, hombre. Give it up. If ought were to be gained by the going, voya ! But to gratify the jealous malice of au envious soul like Paplo, why shouldst thou risk thy life 1 For at night the exhalations from the graves sre more thau ever noxious, aud thou mayest get typhus or heavens knows what from breath ing them. The plea was potent with Pete, who had all the usual horror which Mexicans feel for the air of uight, never stirring abroad after dusk without muffling his mouth and nostrils in the folds of a silken hankarchief, through which he breathed. " But I cannot recede now," he said; " cease to dissuade me, Cle mente. It may be that the example will be salutary. Seeing that I undertake, for the sake of reason and courage, a thing I dislike and fear, the boys may perhaps be impelled to aet with less absolute obedienoe to their own preferences. We Mexioaus of the younger generation are a selfish lot. Give me the hammer," he added, turning baok to the others, as he threw the point of bis oloak over his shoulder. This wrap of Pepe's was one of his whims— au affectation, said the malioious. But it was not that. The intense patriotism of the young fellow made him oling to the long Spanish eape of his fore fathers — surely the most graceful garment a man can wear — while his comrades disported themselves in coats or ulsters of the latest Frenoh or English out. Throwing then over his shoulder one long end of his capa, and tuoklug under its droop ing folds the hammer and the big elumsy spike, Pepe stepped away in the darkness, up the gloomy streets between the low houseB, whose dark and forbidding fasoades gave no gromise of hospitality to be found with- " He is gone," said Clemente Allande, re entering the house. " I saw him torn the corner of tbe 1 Green Devil. " You should not have watohed him ont of sight," said one of the young men, " that brings evil fortune." " Now croak, you 1" snapped Clemente vloi- onsly, in the stress of hiB nervous forebod ings, aud went out to stand alone in the chilled pat io, more and more deploring Pepe's undertaking. " And I might have prevented it, if I had not been a fool," he . mattered, " what were easier than to have sent a hint to the Jefatura, and the perfeot would have so moved that the guard of the graveyard weuld have missed his stolen key, and watoh would have been kept. Better that Pepe sbould pay a multa, or even take a turn in the lock-up, rather that get diptheria, or typhus iu the miasmas among the graves 1" Then the others oame ont laughing, and dragged him to the card- table, where still he would not play, but sat glowering at the game. An hour went by, another half, two hoars, and Allande could bear it no longer, bat sprang to his feet with an oath of disturb- i ance. j " Two hoars, and Pepe not here ! Some j evil haB assailed him 1 We mast go to his i relief." | "And find him snugly in bed," sneered ! Pablo Nunez ; " he has been home an hoar, ! ot—guien sale? — perhaps he was not so j scrupulous as to go to the graveyard at ! alll" j "It does not particularly become yon, j Nunez, to sneer and throw aspersions on ! Pepe's courage, when it is at your instiga- i tion he has gone into the absurd and nseless j adventure. It might be interesting to seek ' a cause for your pique against him I" ! " One need not go far for that," murmured : another of the young men, "only down to the j corner of Guadalupe, where Aarelia Mira- j montez lives." 1 " At all events," said Clemente, "I shall : go to Pepe. You who will may come. How- ever, I have no faith in ghosts, and I can go I alone." ! But tbe crowd were fairly shamed by AI- : lande's spirit, and, moved by self reproach, and, also, no doubt, by curiosity, they trooped out with him, barring only Nunez, who slunk away to his bed. The graveyard paths were dismal in their stark bareness, that left the palpable darkness unrelieved and pressing like material substance on the pil- - grims. j The leader stopped short as he rounded a ' tall and massive monument that ooncealed ' the particular space of the wall where their ' quest lay. Something undoubtedly was there, i a denser concrete shape against the farmland j blackness of the night and the shadows from j the wall. Something, too, in human sem- i blance, and in the uncertain light Bhed by the j lantern's flame, flickering and waving in the ! riotous gale, it seemed to struggle and j writhe, ub if in mortal throes, or else in the ' strain of cambat. Clemente dashed forward i with a wild ery. i " Pope I oh, Pepe I To the rescue I" j He reached the spot and but one figure was there; bowing and swaying, bending and j reeling in fantastic movement, as if wrestling | with its own shadow, projeoted in grotesque, i unearthly proportions npon the wall, j Clemente threw his arms about the other's waist, and strove to restrain and to drag him aside. A passive and inert but powerful re sistance was the result. By this time the other's had gathered around,and one of them threw the lantern's rays full on Pepe Mur- hua's face. Then a ery of fear and horror went up from all throats, so ghaBtly was that pallid countenance, set in the rigid lines of mortal agony and despair. "Will you not help to free him ?" oried Clemente. " Are you alllparalysed? Come, see what holds him, so I can lay him down 1 I think he is grasping something on the wall." But none of the panic-stricken crew would move, and Clemente himeelf, still supporting the other, sought to reach along the rigid arms, to detach them from their hold. Both arms hung free ; one stiffened hand still held the heavy hammer. Then, with a sadden light breaking on his mind, the faithful Clemente caught at the folds of the ample Spanish cape, flapping and waving airily in the wind, and tried to tear theiu away from the form of his friend. The resistance whioh he encountered confirmed this belief, that had taken shape tardily, thanks to the dim and shifting, uneven light. With a few words of explanation whioh de prived the incident of its supernatural aspeot, he rallied his stiffened companions, prompt enough to aet where only material foroes were conoerned. The nature of the ooour- rence was plain. Blown by the fitful wind, the folds of Pepe's oloak had been pierced by the heavy spike, whose broad, fiat head had effectually held the strong cloth and pinned the young man to the wall. Alone there in the night,with such awesome ciroumstance of time and place, the conditions had unbalanoed his judgment when he had seemed to find him- aelf in the grasp of something, unseen, uo- l known. Nor had the poor lad succumbed to I fear alone. The family physician of the Mur- | huas had long ago diagnoeed a weakness of I the heart, brought on or aggravated by Pepe's < prowers in field sports, and any excess of ! mental or spiritual emotion must have re- j suited fatally. The knowledge of his eondi- i tion had been kept from Pepe, with a view to averting the fate that enlightment might have ' spared him. | He was buried near the spot where death j had met him, but hiB name is not forgotten. ! The graceful fashion- of the Spanish oloak is | coming into favor again in Mexioo, but never ; oan be found a youth of San Felippe who will | don the garment that is known as " ths \ shroud of Pepe Murhua." i : 