Mr. Birnston's Ghost. BY A, CROCUS. Chapter I. Although Mr. Birnston is alive and well, and as far from being a ghost himself aa you or I or anyone else who is moving about in solid flesh, upon this world, there is nevertheless a phantom which bears in our family circle the name of his ghost, from the fact of his having been the per son who introduced it to our acqaaintanca. Though of elevated tastes, being musically in clined, it ia an unsatisfactory shade in one ra epect, inasmuch as no living being has ever Been it: but this is after all of BmalTimDor tancs, as it possesses the power, if it chooae to exercise it, of making its presence felt in ways which are quite as appalling as if it appeared ia the misty form which well-regulated ghosts usually asBume, The manner of our becoming acquainted with Mr. Birnston and his spiritual appsndaga was in this wise. Our brother Harry had been for four years with a mercantile house in Bom bay, and at the end of that time had obtained! a holiday which would enable him to spend nearly three months with us at home. Mr. Birnstonalso waainbusinessin that place, where they became known to each other, and he seemed to bave taken a fancy to Harry, although a few years his senior, showing him a good deal of attention, and giving him useful advice on more than one occasion, Harry thought very highly of him, and as it fell out that they both visited England at the same time, the former asked onr parents to invite him to spend a few days with us. Thus it came about tbat at this Christmas season Mr. Birnston formed one of our circle, to which we found him an agreeable addition, as he was both lively and well-informed. He had, however, one peculiarity, which was that hia thoughts occasionally seemed to be suddenly diverted from the subject before him, and when this occurred he would, if speaking, stop in the middle of a sentence, appear to be listening in tently to something at a distance, and, after an interval of half a minute or more, hia face, which during that time had been sternly Bet, would resume its usual expression, ind he would go on talking as if nothing had disturbed the even flow of his thoughts. Of course this was chiefly remarkable when he happened to have been speaking at the time, but it was also quite noticeable if it came upon him whilst he was listening,: since, so long as the fit of absence lasted, his senses were quite impervious to anything that was passing in his presence. The seizure, if I may so call it, was not of very frequent occurrence, coming on perhaps five or o six times during the week that he spent with us, and after it had passed away he did not seem to be aware that any unusual pause had taken place, continuing the thread of his speech as if no interval had elapsed. The circutn etai.ee, however, afiorded us abundant food for conjecture, and Harry could not in any way enlighten us. He had left Bombay a few weeks before Mr. Birnston, in whom he had never previously noticed this peculiarity, and it waB only on the evening before his friend left us that the mystery was explained. Christmas Day that year fell on a Tuesday, and the festival had p3ssed without any un toward incident to mar its enjoyment. Mr. Birnston was not to leave us till Thursday morning, and as we had besides two other guests, friends of my Bisters, we kept up the spirit of the season a3 long as passible. Wed nesday evening, then, saw us again engaged in trying to drive away dull care, in which opera tion even the older members of our party, com prising my parents and an uncle and aunt, did not disdain to assist. Mr. Birnston claimed to be ranked as a youngster. We had finished a rather boisterous round game, and there was a momentary lull, during which it happened that some one made allusion to a ghost story that had appeared in one of the snnuals. ' Let us have it by all means,' was the universal cry, and my sister Julia was de puted by acclamation to read it aloud. The story contained plenty of mystical norror, cue we were noi m a aupBraun,iuua frame of nind, and it failed to excite in us any thing but mirth. At its close Julia said, ' What rubbish ! I don't believe in ghosts one bit; do you, Mr. Biraat-m?' Tbe individual addressed took a few moments to reply. At last he Baid, quite gravely, 'Since you ask me so_ pointedly £ must confess that I do, and I think that moBt persons would who have had the same ex perience that I have had.' 'Come now, here is a real ghost story, cried Harry ; 'out with it,' Mr. Birnston at first appeared rather un willing to comply, but after a little hesitation he began as follows : — To prevent disappointment I may as well state at the outset that I am not going to barrow your minds with the account of any dreadful apparitions, sheeted or otherwise, such as figure in orthodox ghost storieg. Nothing, as far as Tkaow, ever made itself manifest to the sight of the person who was the victim of tho visitation ; neither did it so to me in my secondary and limited experience of it ; but the influence exercised was neverthe less powerful enough eventually to kill him, and to render me at times extremely uncom fortable. The beginning of my story dates from a long way back, for it is nearly 10 years since I made the acquaintance in India of the subject of it, a man named Sandfield, An engineer by pro fession, he was engaged in survey work a good way up the country, at a place to the neighbor hood of which I had gone on a shooting ex pedition with a friend named Jackson, Sand field joining us at the' invitation of the latter, to whom he had been previously known. I found him to be a keen sportsman and a very pleasant companion, so that we Boonbacama intimate, parting at the end of our outing with many expressions of good will, and plau3 foe future meeting, which were carried out on different occasions after wards. In course of tune, however, Sandfield found! a greater attraction even than shootine, for some six years ago he fell in love with and married tlie daughter of a colonel in the Indian army, and as I at about the same tune became permanently resident in Bombay it bo hap pened that I never met him again until fata threw us together on board the steamer by which I lately returned to England. We had left the shore before I discovered tbat Sandfield also was one ci the passengers, but he was dreadfully altered in appearance since I had last seen him. All his vivacity was gone, and with pale sunken cheek, and emaciated form, he moved about a mere shadow of his former self. I was shocked to Eee him in that state, and concluded that he had just passed through a severe illness ; but he told me, with a melancholy shake of the head, tbat this was not the case, and that he was simply dying by inches. As a matter of form, he said, he allowed the doctor to prescribe tor him, but nothing human could cure him, and he looked forward to death as an end of his sufferings. In the course of lhe next day ortwoSandfield had related tome his history since our last meet ing. The firet three years of his married life he described as being of almost unalloyed happiness, and though he had not been blessed with children he and his wife were all in all to each other. Then came the great cloud which fell like a pall over hia existence. Almost from our first acquaintance I had been aware of what I considered to be a weak super stition on the part of Sandfield. It chanced that when we were returning one evening to camp, during our first shooting expedition, I began to whistle the air of a very pretty and not unpopular ballad which was a great favorite of mine. Sandfield appeared agitated, and ad dressed a remark to me which required a reply and put a stop to my music for a time. There was soon, however, a pause in the conversation, owing to our having to walk in Indian file through a narrow path, and I began again to »*-- whistle my favorite air. A similar interrup.^^ v tion ensued, and this time it was so marked .;.; ,;o-, that both Jackson and I noticed rt and ex- i. -.= .at changed a glance. We said nothing ; then,; :cfc-./ however, snd I did not resume the whistluigv ? „?.£ ^ but after our return to camp we agreed to test ?- \\.c'^ the matter again in the course of the evening. ?*$*?. -i This was done, with the result that Sand - fceld begged me i» aapeoialfcvor *wt to whwtte --V that particular tune ; sad, being pressed for Mb reason, he told us that it had always bean an nniscfcy one for him. Time after time, he said, this had been confirmed, and whenever he had been casually made to hear the tune something unpleasant was sure to follow. On one occasion he had immediately afterwards received news of the death* of a relation, on another he had been taken seriously ill, on a third he had suffered pecuniary loss, and bo on. He now looted forward to some untoward in cident in consequence of my having uucon eciously set the machinery of bad luck ia motion, bat what it would be he could not say. Perhaps a mere trifle, or possibly some grave mischief. Strangely enough, SandBeld that night tripped over one of the. tent ropes in the dark, and, falling, hurt his knee sufficiently to pre vent him from going out with us the next day. Of course Jackson and I said that it was a mere coincidence, and tried to persuade Sand field that the whole matter was a fancy, bat it was not of the slightest use, and his belief re mained unshaken. Chaptek IL Abont three years alter Saudfield's mar riage his business as an engineer called him into a somewhat remote part of the country, thiGugh which a railway was in coarse of con struction ; and, as he would have to reside for some little time in one spot, his wife accom panied him thither, to a place called Brallaca pore; There were not many Europeans in the place, and they were for the most part con nected with the works in progress, but both of the Sand fields spoke the language of the natives well, and were quite at home amongst them. The majority of these were poor and industrious people, simple and inofiensive a3 a rule, though capable of being dangerously aroused on the one point upon which the33 natives are mo3t easily excited— to wit, their religions prejudices. TheSandfielda, however, understood them too thoroughly to interfere with them in that way, and whatever inter course they had with them, was of a most amicable nature. Mrs. Sandfield took a kindly interest in many of them, occasionally bestow ing little presents npon the families, so that she became an object of liking, aB well as of the respect in which the white sahib3 were held. There lived in the neighborhood, however, one man whom Mrs. Sandfield held in aversion from the first, a certain Abdul Mahomed, and it so happened that he was venerated by his fellow-countrymen as much, as he was disliked by her. Perhap3 some of the qualities which endeared him to them were the cau39 of his dis favor with her, for he was a holy man, who had been to Mecca three times, and, moreover, had passed a part of his life as a hermit, living' in a cave and pretending to some prophetic power, or at least to Eeeing visions. These circum stances alone would not have rendered the worthy Hadji an object of disgust, but they were accompanied by the dirty and lazy habits usual in Each cases. As regards the former bis reputation for sanctity would no doubt ba in inverse ratio to his personal cleanliness, and as for the latter he scorned to do the least stroke ? of work, but lived, and flourished too, on the contributions which he was able to levy from the superstition of the faithful. Abdul was between 40 and 50 years of age, with a tall and powerful frame, and sensuality was stamped upon his features. His expression upon two or three occasions when the Sand fieldB had met him had excited their abhor rence, and, thougQ they always passid him with a civil salutation, LIrs. Sandfield felt an instinctive shrinking whenever she encountered him. The particular piece of work wfcicli kept Sandfield for some time at Brallampore was the construction of a bridge on the line, and he occupied a bungalow situated abDut three qtiarters of a mile from it. Towards evening, when bis work for the day was over, his wife would frequently come to meet him and they walked home together. They were both fond of music, and he had cauEed a pianette to be sent to them, whiah was a source of great pleasure. It was a light instrument, andone of tho3e which, are specially made with a view to easy transport. Of course Mrs. Sandfield had long ago discovered her husband's antipathy to a certain tune, and occasionally, by way of teasing him, she would Btrike a bar or two of it. She had no belief in its ill-luck, but, as e!i6 saw that he wa3 distressed by it, she never persisted beyond that. One evening, however, there was an excep tion. She had bssn laughing at her husband for his superstition and trying to reason him out of it. Whether it was simply in the spirit of mischief, or whether, as Sandfield main tained, it was her destiny, which she could not avoid, I do not pretend to decide, but she sud denly eaid — 'I will sing tha aong right through, and show you that nothing comss of it,'' She immediately sat down and played and sang the first verse, whilst Sandfield felt a kind of horror creeping over him, which he could not resist, and which kept him bound to his seat though he -wished to rise and seize hia wife's hands to stog her Splaying. It was as if he were mesmerised, and he gcouid not even ask her to debut. She began the second verse and had got half way throagh it when Ehe Happened to look towards the window, which stood wide open to admit the_ cool evening- air. There she saw, dearly -visible by the light in the room, the re pulsive face of Abdul Mahomed glaring upon her. The son? abruptly ended in a slight shriek, and she fell back m her chair half faint ing from the sudden shock. Her husband's Bpell was broken by the cessation of the music and he hastened to her assistance, but by the time that she had indicated the cause of her fright Abdul had vanished. With the morn ing her courage returned and she was herself again, but her husband spoke very seriously about the matter, ' I do not think anything about Abdul's appearance,' be said. ' He was probably passing the house, and being attracted by the music he came to the window and looked in, but I do feel that there is some calamity to me impending, of what nature I know not. I Ecarcely even blame you for singing the song, as I believe that you were acting under an un controllable impulse, and I look upon it rather in the light of a friendly warning which, has been given to me.' A couple of days passed without anything particular occurring. Mrs. Sandfield had quite recovered her spirits and had began to rally her husband npon the breaking of the Bpstl -which attached to the tune, Baying that the calamity consisted in the apparition of Abdul's ngly face. Sandfield, however, could not divest himself of the feeling that something else would happen, and he looked anxiously for the letters which the mail then due would bring him, fear ful of their containing bad news. On the evening of the third day he had set ont to return home as renal, and took the path by which his wife was accustomed to come to meet him. The way was little frequented, being out of the direct tracks to the village, but it 'was a pleasant road, shady in moat places, and windiag between cultivated fields. The road not being straight Sandfisld could not see far ahead, but he had proceeded some little distance when the shrill scream of a woman, apparently in front of him, fell upon his ear, followed by a second one that had a partially muffled Eound. He ran forward as fast as be could, and at the next turning he saw his wife struggling with Abdul, who was forcing Lei off the road, at the same time stifling her cries with a cloth. On Sandfield's approach Abdul looged lus hold of Mrs. Sandfield, and, drawing a long knife, rushed at him. Sandfield had barely time to diaw a revolver which he had always been in the habit of carrying about him, and to make a hurried ehot at his assailant ; fortu nately with effect, or he would infallibly have been killed, as even in falling Abdul strack wildly at him. He was, however, incapable of further mischief; the bullet, which was a heavy conical one, had struck him near the centre of the body, almost passing through him. As he lay writhing in agony his face bore an expression of demoniacal hate, and he cursed Sandfield with the whole choice vocabu lary of a Mussulman, heaping objurgations first upon his head and then upon that of all his relations in turn. He spurned all his attempts at assistance, and spat at him whsn he approached, and, as Mrs. Sandfield was ecarcely able to walk, her husband hastened to help her home and to send other aid to the wounded man. He then immediately went to inform the authorities of what had occurred, when the officer in charge of the military post thought it advisable, considering the character of Abdul and the sentiments of the natives, to send a guard to remain by the bungalow. On the following morning Abdul was still living, but nothing could be done for hi ai, and he was unlike^ to live many hours longer. SandSeld went to see him, and all his fury was reawakened. Though he had appeared to be sinking he half raised himself, and with his dying breath cursed him again.. ' M.y spirit shall torture yon in this life, yon unbelieving dog,' he Baid, 'and shall never leave you till it drags your vile '' ' A gush of blood in his throat choked his utterance, and, with eyes etill glaring horribly at Sandfield, he fell over, dead. Of course there was an official enquiry, and Sandfield was exonerated from blame in the matter, but the natives wore sullen and threatening looks. Several of them bad heard Abdul's last words and perhaps they considered that his spirit Bright be trusted to take its own revenge. More likely, bowever, the presence of tae guard, which had been extended to the Sand fields' persons, kept their fanaticism in check and prevented any overt act of hostility from being attempted, but it was a great relief to the couple when ehortly afterwards the work at Brallampore was so fat advanced that they could change their quarters to another part of the line ** a distance. After this incident Mrs. Sandfield continued for months in a delicate state of health. The check to her nervous system had been severe, Jbnt with lie change of scene and lapse of time she gradually recovered, till the affair seemed to ner almost like a dream- It was pot so, however, with Sandfield, The exact realisation of his forebodings in : this instance added another stone to_ the weight an his. mind, at imagination, call it at present what yon will, (and he grew more and more nervous, though he did all he could to conceal this from his wife. He did not again encounter what he considered his evil destiny until three months after leaving Brallampore, when, as he was one day sitting in the little hut which formed his office at the works, one of his subordinates passed by whistling the fatal tune. Ha was quickly ont of hearing, but a new horror was left for Sandfield, for he distinctly heard, mingled with the air, the voice of Abdul chanting in the native tongue the voids — 'Dragging yon down. Dragging yon down' — in a hollow sepulchral tone, as not of this earth. Some slight mishap which occurred about the same time was set down to this warning, but, ever afterwards, each repeti tion of the tune had the same ghastly accom paniment. Time passed on, and it seemed as if taa fiend were allowing some little respite, for no chance encounter with the tune took place, though occa sionally Sandfield would be visited by an un pleasant dream, in which he heard both it and the voice, as if to keep the remembrance of it alive. Tbo railway work waB finished, and tfae Sandfields wereabout leaving for another part of the country. A farewell gathering took place at the house of a friend, and in tha course of the evening a lady recently arrive:! from England was asked to sing. A sickly feeling of impending evil erect over Sandfield as she moved towards the piano, which the host was opening, and his fascinated eyes became fixed npon her in a stony stare as she turned over her mueic to make her selec tion. He knew perfectly well before she sat down what was coming, but there was no help for it, and he endured hearing the song; how, he scarcely knew. His wife told him after wards that she never saw such a picture of abject misery aB Mb face presented, but be waa glad that he had never told her of the addition to the music that was present with him. What new trouble was in store now? Nothing happened on the following day, and the next one eaw them speeding away by rail. They had to pass again through Brallampore, and as they approached the bridge an ominous bumping of their carriage, which was the last in the train, showed that something was wrong. A broken tire, as it afterwards appeared, was the cause of the jolting, and soon the carriage was jerked violently from side to side, as, leav ing the metals it was dragged over the ground. The conplicgs gave way just as the bridge was passed, and the carriage, falling over on its side, was pitched several feet down to the fcot torn of the embankment. Many of its occu pants were severely injured, but the only one killed on the spot was Mrs. Sandfield, struck on the head by the breaking timber. Her husband, though sitting by her eide, escapsd with a severe shaking and a few braises. After this dreadful blow Sandfield was re duced to the verge of despair, and dragged ont a wretched existence. He tried all means to rid himself of the recollection of his evil genius, seeking to engross his mind by the vigorous prosecution of his business. He went out into society, and tried by various amuse ments to distract his thoughts, bat the dark shadow was always at hand and ready to make its presence felt. The fatal tune would cross him at intervals, and tn.6 occurrence^ was the re newal of all his misery. Dissipation was not one of bis failings, or he would cercainly have taken to drink. At last, almost worn out, and with health quite broken, he determined upon going back to Europe in order to try what a perfect change of scene would do for him, GhapteeIH, So far, continued Mr. Birnston, I have given you the exact story, as related circum stantially to me by Sandfield on board of the steamer, and what follows is the result of my own observation and experience. I must say that up to this point I was quite sceptical about the influence that the particular tune bad upon my friend's fortunes, considering it to be simply Mb hallucination. I recognised this much, however, that the idea, having once taken firm possession of his mind, was enabled, through the brain being dis ordered upon that one point, to exercise an in jurious effect upon him physically. The ac companiment of Abdul's voice I at once dis missed as a creature of the imagination, con jured up in the first instance by the harrowing nature of the last scene with that man, and Eeized upon with avidity and perpetuated by a diseased brain. Circumstances, however, occurred completely to alter my opinion as to the voice, as well as to force me to the con viction that there was really something in the idea of the tune being intimately connected with Sandfield's fate. We were not travelling by the P. & O. line, Sandfield had desired to have as much quiet aB possible and to avoid a large concoursa of fel low pssEengers, in consequence of which he selected an outside steamer. Notwithstanding that the owners of this vessel depended more upon cargo than passeDgers, she had first-rate accommoda tion for a limited number of the latter, and she was much to be preferred as a means of con veyance by anyone who looked to solid comfort and quiet rather than luxurious display, and who was not particular about the voyage last ing a few days longer than by the mail. For my own part I had chosen her cbiefiy because X could obtain a passage by her fora few pounds less tbao by the more aristocratic line. I had some little previous acquaintance also with her captain, who was a capital fellow and a good seaman, eo that I felt more at home on board of her. Though there were a fair number of pissen gers the steamer was not full, and Sandfield, as an invalid, bad been able to get a stateroom to himself. When I found that he was on board I negotiated an exchange with a man in the cabin next to his, so that Sandfield, if he were taken ill during the night and desired my presence, could summon me by knocking on the partition, ' For the first few days, during which Sand field had recounted to me what I have told to you, ail went well. With fine weather and no thing special to worry him his spirits had im proved wonderfully, and he told me that he was much stronger, so that he began to look fairly cheerful. On the evening of the fifth day ont the captain remarked that the baro meter was falling a little, and he feared that there would be a change in the weather, but nothing gave token of this to us passengers, a few of whom were sitting together in. the little room at the head of the companion-way, chat ting and enjoying the coolness of the light breeze through the open doors. Distant sounds of merriment reached us from the stssrage, ?where one of the sailors was performing on a fiddle, tiie occasional strains of which we could indistinctly hear. Suddenly I saw Sandfield start, whilst every vestige of pleasure faded from his countenance. I could not at first divine the cause, but follow ing his attitude, I listened attentively and realised that the tune was proceeding from the fiddle. Presently it changed, but Sandfield had settled into deep gloom and he shortly afterwards bade us good night and retired ; a little before his usual hour for turning in, though he generally went at cine o'clock on account of his health. The next morning I noticed a great change for the worse in his appearance. Ha had a haggard look, as if be had slept badly, and as the weather bad changed, and there was a great deal more motion in the ship, I hopsd that this was the cause of it,though I feared that there wss something more behind. I therefore hastened to ask him how he was. The increased motion had not affected him. He was not subject to sea- sickness, and rather enjoyed a little blow by way of variety, but he had spent a wretched night. After turning in he had been restless and unable to sleep for a long time, only dozing off at eleven o'clock, as he just remembered indistinctly hearing the six bells. He must ha-ve passed immediately into a troubled dream, for he fancied that after the eix strokes the bell recommenced to ring and tolled away for a long time. It seemed to him that he gradually became conscious that this was bis own passing bell, and that he waa being borne to bis last resting-place. Although en closed in his coffin he could see all that was going on around him, the hearse from which he had just been taken, the faces of friends who were present, and the yawning grave which was ready to receive him. Then the tolling slowly cnanged — the strokes became blended together and a harmony was evolved. An un utterable horror crept over him a3 the too well known chords struck npon his ear in the re gular cadence of the tune which had been his bane through life. Mingled with it there came the inevitable' accompaniment of Abdul's voice ringing, ' Dragging you down— dragging you down I' this time in tones of bitter mockery. With a shudder Sandfield awoke to find him self in a profuse perspiration and trembling like an aspen leaf. For the moment he was . relieved by the consciousness that his awful vision had been but a dream, though the sense of relief was but of short duration, giving place to a vapne fear of something more to come. Presently that dread assumed a more definite fcbape, and he awaited the stroke of seven bells with a sickly presentiment of evil. This time he was wide awake, and there could be no mis taking the fact that above the sound of the ball he heard the voice singing, and the echoes of the last stroke died away in a hollow mocking laugh. He bad thought of summoning me by knock ing, as I had told him to do at any time that he might be ill; but he bravely resolved to fight it ont by himself, though he felt utterly prostrated and possessed by an ineffable horror. The latter increased as midnight approached, and be awaited eight bells with a sensation only to be compared with that of the con demned criminal whoBe execution is impending. I need not reiterate the details of this visita tion as he gave them to me. They were like those of the last one, bat intensified in degree, and when it had passed away he lay more dead than alive.. Presently a sense of calmness stole over him, and he became aware that the evil spirit had left him for a fame. So strong was bit convic tion of this being the caw that he listened for the strobe of half-past twelve with a feeling of assurance bordering on the aggressive, and his confidence was justified by the absence of any thing disturbing. He then sunk into slumber which lasted till his usual time of awakening, and he joined us before breakfast, haggard enough in appearance, but feeling tolerably well considering what he had passed through, The doctor, a good-hearted man, if not too profound in his medical wisdom, had previously diagnosed his case as an affection of the heart, and be now gave Sandfield & soothing mixture, though whether the latter took it or not I can sot say. For my part I looked upon my friend's malady as being entirely upon the nerves, which had been severely shaken by the idea which possessed him and the illusions to which it gave rise. I never for a moment be lieved in the voice, but I thought it my duty, seeing Sandfield's condition, to betray his con fidence eo far as to impart the whole story to tbe doctor under the promise of secrecy, which I took an opportunity of doing that forenoon, end be listened to it, as well as to my views on the subject, with tbe gravest attention and an air of most profound sagacity. 'A highly interesting case,' he said, 'and no doubt you are right in your conclusions about the nervous state of the patient, bat de pend upon it that his heart is affected and ha will probably die suddenly. He is suffering at present from acute monomania, and it is simply burning his life out. The very best thing to do in euch cases is to arrange a plan for acting all the exciting circumstances, and then, by their hav ing no consequences whatever, to show the patient that there is really nothing in them to be frightened at ; but it is not easy to do this in the present caee. Perhaps if we could get the man with the fiddle to play the tune with in hearing — By-the way, what is the name of it ?' X flatly refused to tell him, and hinted pretty strongly that if be wished to kill Sandfield he would be setting the right way about it by act ing as he proposed to do. I began to agree with Sandfield, who, when the doctor hs 1 told him, two or three days before this, that it was his heart that was wrong, expressed to nae th s most unbounded contempt for his kno vie J z-\ I discovered afterwards that the doctor ha i a weakness on the subject of heart disease, aai no matter what a man might be suffering from besides he was in his opinion sure to be afflicted with that. Chapiee IV. As the day wore on Sandfield improved both in spirits and appearance, and by the afternoon he seemed to ba quite himself again. We managed our usual rubber between afternoon tea and dinner, although the sea was running pretty high and the vessel pitched a good deaL After dinner a few of us sat and chatted, S Mid field joining in the conversation, but I noticed that he gradually grew quieter, till at last he scarcely spoke a word. At nine o'clock, as usual, he rose and said 'Good night,' but he asked me to accompany bite to his room, ' I have a presentiment,' he said, ' that I am going to have another bad night. Shall you be much annoyed if I knock for you ? I really feel that I could not go through what I did last night alone.-' ' By no means, my dear fellow,'' I replied ; ' be sure and call me if you feel at all uneasy. But stay, I will tell you of a better plau. I will get the Bteward to prepare the vacant berth in your cabin, and I will sleep there. I shall then be at hand in case I am wanted.' He would not hear of it at first, but I per sisted, and told him that it would be even more comfortable for me than coming out of my own room if he called. So of course I had my way, and the necessary arrangements were made. I looked in upon him at a quarter past ten and he appeared to be dozing, so I went on deck fcr a last smoke and turned in at a little before eleven. He still seemed to be dozing, though a half- suppressed eigh occasionally escaped him. As six bells struck Sandfield gave vent to a deep gioan. Though lights were not allowed in the staterooms throughout the night, tha doctor bad ordered an exception in Sand field's case and he had one. I got up to look at him, by which time the bell had finished, and, see ing that he was wide awake, X asked him how be was. ' That fiend has been with me again, and it was fearful, but there is worse to come yet. I know that it is so,' I tried to cheer him up a little, and, as he said that he could not sle6p, I remained talking to him and endeavoring to lead his thoughts away from the subject uppermost in them, I fancied that if I could get him over the striking of seven bells without his noticing them I should perhaps to a certain extent break the spell which bound him, and I therefore tried to think of an amusing anecdote to begin just be fore the half hour would expire. It was not to be, however, and in place of benefiting him I was myself very much startled, and at once converted to a belief in the reality of all I bad supposed to be meie fancy. As the first stroke sounded he shuddered, and at the third his eyes rolled wildly and he convulsively stretched out bis arm towards me with half -clenched fingers as if trying to clutch something. I seized his hand and immediately was en rapport wish his spirit and the one that was troubling him. As distinctly as you now hear me speaking did I then hear the Toice of Afcdul. But what a voice ! There ia no earthly sound to be compared with it, and it is impossible to give any adequate description of its tones ; but they were such .as seemed to freeze the very marrow in my bones, and to ex press even in their accent alone the concen trated essence of all that is hateful and de moniacal. I could not bring myself to retain the hand for more than a second, and the moment I loosed it I ceased to bear the voice, though the last stroke of the bell came after wards. As for poor Sandfield, he was in a pitiful state, and I could now give him all due sympathy from my own experience. His frame was rent, metaphorically speaking, as if a whirlwind had passed through and through him, and he lay almost unconscious and hardly seeming to breathe. He continued so long in this state that X thought it would be as well to call the doctor. I did not think that Sandfield would notice my movement as I rose to add a little more cloth ing to the dressing gown in which I had wrapped myself, but be did hear me, and, opening his eyes, feebly asked me where I was gcicg, I told him, and his strength seemed to return a little, as he begged me not to go. ' The doctor is of no use whatever,' he said, 'as he cannot understand my case, and his worrying about me will' only upset me more. Help me to nerve myself for twelve o'clock, as X feel that that will be the last visitation for to-night.' It now wanted less than a quarter of an hour to that time, and I tried to utilise the re maining minutes in making him more cheerful, telling him that the ordeal would only last a few moments, and that he could then have a good sleep. He tried to smile, but I csuld see that he was in awful dread of what was ap proaching. I made up my mind that, come what might, I would retain my hold of bis hand throughout. Sandfield suddenly interrupted me whilst I was speaking to hip. ' There is one thing,' he said, ' in connection with this matter which I have not yet told you, and I must do so, as I wish to ask you to do something which will be a great favor to me, and, I think, will give me relief, though you cannot know how until you learn the circumstances. It has some reference to nay wife, but I cannot tell you now, as I am too shaky. To-morrow you shall know all.' It waB now just verging on twelve, and I al lowed my hand to rest gently upon his prepara tory to grasping it at the first sound. With the first stroke a tremor passed through his frame and he uttered a deep groan. Then, as the strokes succeeded each other, he became more and more convulsed, bis eyes rolling wildly as before. X had continued to hold his hand tightly from the first, and I heard again the diabolical voice uttering its weird sound, and plainly singing in a native Indian dialect which I understood perfectly, 'Dragging you down — dragging you down !;) to the tune I had been so fond of, but which I have loathed ever since then. But what is this? Another voice is chiming in with the same melody, but of angelic sweetness and with tbe original words of love, which the first voice seems to be striv ing to drown aB it screeches — ' You are coming now.' Sandfield turned his face to me and hoarsely cried, ' She is there aud calling me, I must tell you at once what I had to say.' The bell had ceased striking, but the voices still lingered. He essayed to continue speaking but could not. His head fell back and he was still, as the mingled sounds of his wife's voice and of a horrid gurgling laugh died away to gether. 1 no longer hesitated to call the doctor, for my friend gave no sign of returning conscious ness, and when the former arrived he pro nounced life to be extinct. I told him all that bad happened, including my own experience ; and he took everything in, bat declined to give an opinion then. We arranged the body de cently and left it. The funeral took place next day, and in the steamer's log it was recorded that Edward Sandfield, cabin passenger, had died from heart disease, as certified by the doctor, and had been buried at eea. The worthy medico subsequently evaded the subject altogether, and I did not care to get up an argument with him abont it ; but I do not know whether he i believed my story, or considered me to have ? been a little infected with the mania. Several days afterwards when we had got into the Mediterranean, as I was sitting one ' evening by myself on deck, I beard the sound of tbe sailor's fiddle. Presently he strnck up the tnne, and I felt a thrill pass through me . when he began it. As long as it lasted I could j hear a confused muttering, and though I re cognieed it &e; being Sandfield's voice, I could not make ont its purport. It was as if he were eagerly striving to say something, but was un able to give it articulate utterance. I sought cut tte sailor next day and got him to play the tcne again, but there was then no accom panying . voice, and his playing could never evoke it again. I have since found that when- ' ever I casually heex that tune tbe voice jg there, but if I once ask a person to play it fat me his or her performance loses its power for ever, even if accidentally tteitd afterwards. I have come -across the tune several tim33 since I landed, as it is not an uncommon one, ! and sometimes the voice is more distinct than j at othtrs, so that I have been able to catch a ! word here and there, but never as yet sufficent ; to connect their meaning. X am in hopes of one day arriving at what Sandfield's spirit wishes to tell me, and sometimes I fancy that a casual sound, as the tinkle of a bell, or even the faint jingling of a glass, if it remind me of the tune, brings the voice with it, but when X listen intently it goes. 'Well, Mr. Birnston,' I said, when he finished speaking, ' thank you for your story, but take care that you do not become a mono manic too. We have caught you listening to some distant sound two or three times.' 'No fear for me,' he replied, 'I am only anxious to set poor Sandfield's troubled spirit at rest, and then X shall be done with my ghost.' 'What ia the tune that bo particularly affects you ?' 'I have heard it both played and sung since I came to this house, hub I am not going to tell you what it is or I Bhould break the charm as far as your playing it is concerned. As aooa as Sandfield's Bpirit haB succeded in telling me -what he wishes tbere will be no such cause for keeping it to myself. Apart, however, from his epecial object, though arising from his case, there ha? been opened in my mind a new field for general con jecture on the subject of communication with the unseen beings who are perhaps often around us. How frequently we take an tin accountable dislike to some particular tune, and perhaps if we were to study the matter we should find that many of us have one the hear ing of which is prejudicial to us. It might sometimes act merely aB a friendly warning, but at others the casual hearing might, parhap3 through some agency not understood by us, give to maliciously disposed spirits the oppor tunity of working us harm. I have not bo far found out that any particular tune is unlucky to tne, though X recognise the possibility of there being one. To say the truth, however, I rather shrink from making any investigation in that direction.' 'Now, Mr. Birnston,' said Julia, 'I think we had better change the subject. You have made me feel quite creepy, and I shall dread going to bed on account of the sounds one always hears at night. I almost begin to hate my piano, and X shall be afraid to listen to the chimes of the clock if I lie awake.' 'Then the -best thing that you can do is always to sleep soundly all the night through. But I thought you eaid that you don't believe ing hosts one bit ?' 'Neither I do in ordinary respectable ghosts, but this is a new kind of ghost.' 