A STRANGE STORY. A DOMESTIC VAMPIRE. An incident occurred at South Melbourne last week which would have afforded material to Edgar Allan Poe for one of his mysterious and weird tales. To thoBe who have read with interest that author's " Black Cat," through whose instrumentality an individual met his doom, will no doubt peruse with interest the following, the genuineness of which is vouchsafed for by a reputable resident of South Melbourne : — During the extreme heat of last week a gentleman, who slept in a compartment also containing another occupant, underwent some singular experiences, it is presumed at that midnight hour when ghosts and goblins damned are supposed to leave their prison houses to haunt the souls of men. He retired to bed as usual one evening, but in the morning was startled to find his face and illows covered and saturated with his own Elood. The source from which the flow had emanated appeared to be a small puncture or incision in the fleshy part of the eyebrow. During the day he experiehced a leeling of extreme lassitude and languor, arising probably from the los3 of blood. On the following night he remained awake, but nothing occurred. The succeeding midnight hours, however, produced extraordinary results. The atmosphere was sultry and warm, and owing to the loss of blood and the previous night's vigil he dosed off shortly before 12 o'clock. About 6 o'clock in the morning he awoke with a painful compressed feeling in the region of the head, and was alarmed to discover a repetition of the blood- stained appearance of the face, pillow, and even edges of the sheets, and other paraphernalia appertaining to the couch of Morpheus. The matter was now becoming serious. Suspicions of that abominable creation, the vampire, were aroused. All inmates of the tenement wejre alarmed, and the fellowoccupant of the room was naturally surrounded with an unuttered suspicion. Medical aid was brought into requisition, and these gentlemen were decidedly of opinion that the person had been bitten by some vermin, and easily accounted for the copious flow of blood. It is well known that intense heat always tends to thin blood, and when the temperature is at 104deg. or 106deg. the slightest incision in the skin will cause, if left alone, an outpour of lengthened continuation. A watch was next night kept outside the room to intercept any surreptitious vampire. Not a movement was heard in the toom. All was still with the exception of the sleeping inmates regular breathing. Towards morning the watchers entered the bedroom, and were as equally astonished as horrified to observe the thin blood silently and slowly trickling from a diminutive incision in the forebead. The domestic cat, which had been put in the room to frighten away vermin, wasquietly and harmlessly purring upon a chair. The affair was gaining a ghostly reality. Everybody was at their wits' end to account for the phenomena. Ultimately the victim determined to keep awake all night himself if possible. He made this resolution secretly, and he kept it. His room companion had removed his quarters. He was alone in the room with the faithful cat. The light was turned out. The moonlight was casting its rays through the latticed windows. The man dozed, haif-waking, half-6leeping, upon the bed which had been the scene of so much spilt blood. Suddenly he felt a gentle pressure on his chest, then a soft, furry touch upon his cheek, then a soft half-purr, half growl. It was the cat. He did not move. She licked his face for a few moments, and then inserted her teeth. The mystery was solved. The vampire was the cat \—Herald. ? ? 