FHE (OLDEN NUPE. . NOM3*RNCE,OPLT1,DBHP. , t dreamt a dram that .a it all a dream a Bt W ,Cr.As.a utsserl,. I i.rrk'iiL -Tow TanLrw..: The island.stcood plato sithepowedal lese of the gleas. - The tremble of theeari at the bae was visible,,, thin white throbbing ,vii that, gave tbhelldasd the appearance, of a mirage by.ih surf's s metion of clear space betwixt ili shore and the am,Ito was still blue in the blue atmosphere, with a Ibtine fringing of trees in places; and the twb'hills and the graceful arching over tautothe water of the north.western poinat of the lad with theesstern corve, made Is resemblahe to a camel atanding to its belly in the water, with its head under, as startling in its queer scc ray as a face In the fire or some wild likeness in a clo d. The moment Foresoue had is full, a swimmiang and a faintness chilled his brain; ha shut his eyes. hut, with lss effort than before, rallied and levelled the telescope afresh. As the lineaments of the land came oat tremualous apon the azure, an overwhelm ling emotion of eawe and dread and "wonder poseessed him. Tauns was the ittaud of his vision ? ' What atency but the hand of God had patited Io its complete colours upon the eye of his slumbering solot that little space of land roader that had been anknown to him as any valley; grove, or mountain top In the brightest of the planets! It wee lit. belng brought close to the spirit of Gad to behold that manifeseation of His holy guidinag : to asurvey in its realleation thes gleaming visionary objecthe had marked the darling of his heart appealing to him from. Had there been nothing of human tenderness, of human grief, of human yearning and passion in this revelation, there would have.beesn.roc much of mystery of high supernatcraliemin it for the mind of Forteecne to eapport in hit then etate of healtbh. ' But there was Aathbe to think of. The motive, the Isaaue 'of the voyage, became an absorbing thought, re. moving him from the perils of the great awe which the' profounder sense of this act of Divine disclosure would have begotten in him. Was she on the island ? Would she be livingor dead? * Dar God I he cried in his heart, and hie eye turned blind against the glass a hit soul came to hise lips in prayer. SWhen the echooner was within two and a half miles of the fsland they took "a cast of the lead, but no bottom was found. Soon afterwards the larger of the boatt was got over and towed 'astern, and the stoneaile taken in. A gaze a asearching an intent as ever shipwrecked mariners levelled from rock to rigging at the sea was fird by the crew ot the Golden Hope upon tha island,; but not to their naked eyes nor yet to the glasses which BHiram and Stone directed at the land was there visible the least' aign of 'anyone being alive there. No emoke rose'to the wind, no rag por eignal fluttered. In the glorious morning sunehine veeringor northerly 'each small eminence threw its hlebllack adow south -wet; off the surface of oocoant trees rose a silvery greenish gleam that had the fluctuating iridescence of oil and water, as the breeze trembled in the foliage, and the setting or the little Island in the pure azure of the deep, vivid and beautiful as it was with rich tropical tiltte of 'vegetation, of bush, of long grass. of seard-like alopee, of the shadows of acclivities,'of the chequered brightnessa of coral eand, was accentuated in a manner that from the distance of the schooner asave the picture a gem-like emerald lovelineses by the heaping of the white saorf along the windward length of it, a boiling of breakers that had the dazz e of a mass of drIfted anow. Now that the Island was made one sew the relief in Hiram and Stone. 'The correctness of the captain's' navigation on the one aide, the vindication of the mate's solemn state ment on the other, were a satisfeation to these two plain sailore that no wonder nor doubts as to what was next to happen could at all impair. 'We've done what we was asked to do, what was expected of us, Bill,' Hiram said; and that one or t'other of os I out byr twenty or thirty miles means nothen, seemin' a there It is, straight aheid, as if we had been warped to it from the other' side of the ainh. Bus consider-only consider-if "we'd ha' passed it out o' sight 'froi you -masthead I We might have found its by craitein aboaut-and we -mightn't-and if, we hadn't, you'd bha' been thought a liar, end I'd ha' been thought incapableof trolynavigating a craft .Tnere'd been rowa art-r, and a re'lar bloomin' muddle, whilst ara'to irV--'-and he nodded towards F rtescue with sn'extravagant shrug of theshoulder'. '' " ' But if she feeling of relief and gratidefication was livelyand Itasctg, it was soun anordi. nted for the time' to: an Intese perfectly natural cariosity as to whesber the lers. man's extraordinary dream was to be com. plstely onfirmed by the discoveryof tbelady,' or whether the island, by its desolation, wee to conveit the whole voyagre into a piece of wild; worthless, aheer enperstirtlon. As the spat of. lad drew more and more withtn the scope 'of the eyes 'ixed: upon it, the crew assembled in'the bows, and seauding-rb for ordeir? whispered smeug themselves. The cheer they had givenwae not one they would have repeated in their prseentmood. In was true the island layr solid and eurf.beaten-ao actual, fat that the, most nervouedl imagl' native eye could not c-,vsrt intu a fantasy; bat it was somethirng that had been seen thonusands of miles off in alvision, ad thee: fore tobb viewed with awe' sand Iperesitios creeping as old Breeches Implied, whend, giving hs trousers: a dera up and spittIng over the aide 'There's nothIng in it that'. onnaetaoral, I've sen the lies of asuch feleyands aecores of times; hut I don's minad owni' that I wouldn't take ghe value of a gentleman's house ashore, to sleep alone for one night on it. If es was to tell me I'd see a ghost' I'd go; if ye was to tell me the devil was It hidin' there I'd go. There's nothing as I Onuld' feel cocksure'en ae'ud stop me, But when there's no one to a what a man might a, 'or what might happen to humn swaller my eyeballs. Micky, if a chap's to be called afserd for kepin' to windward of the moonsble in sitch a querter.' Of eares, the coakt ook the same view; mad through the atmosphere of sch. talk as. this the Ignorant, superstious bur hearty. lively, sailors watched 'the island growing' After Forieacue had satisfieed himself that there was nothin to be seen on shore ladies. tive'of 'the' preseeeof uthan heings,'he stood watching. and waiting without ' apeeb; but nobody' could have gaoced' as' him without 'witnessing the: formidable ounlict of emotions that was bein waged. within himi Formidable as it was, sad the moe so yet, because even his, own Intelligence. thinking emid that central caelm, whichb like the vortex of the ciclone is to be found, a.t toe heart of the wildest human agirttion. might fearfuly fancyo that whether theovior, should be bi feare's or his hope's such was 'be intensity of hbls :mestal tetlt his brain at she isue 'would' steed in dire psrl' And indeed it wonld have been eteegh to deange she etooteen mind to behold the Ieland teat had beo es visionayasr a dream a .Wyloer h a adte gren ad..ehielnl ua n the - ander the schooner's Jitoom ; the same'I outline. tilt, vegetation !-tlie:same ntohe swarusoif the giddy frethaalg itamargin !I -the samein it. fringgisg asd eluetrlng of trees and haeb !-theesm in Lminute deraits onversing to the Inexoreesibly rest and yet phanteamal aset it bore when it dimly bat discernibly formed a hacd ground for the Imop essled, dqsparfl l plsaeii figur or Agatha. stretching et her arms t'. him, from the shelrvig beach beyond thesnrf; aeusea the shor leagueas o Indian water. asr ebe 'theraeWa "t po irhlr aftr ndmonttir , thatshe edhoni he Ivnieh, sod there,' midst· thlstehmendous soltude of odean that gahrd a terrble emreaie from the vryhaonety of the lone l ?, thich thought olregltvl recurrieg'a shnddsr would pass through him that wrenrhvd 'lim as a eonvlsion, hnd agmain and aain both' B'ons' and. Hiram" warked him 'smear hith his hladkehliedd'the 5wat off~hsr foreheadw irenoat thatheh did so, and raoeis s o n'othiki hut the rending shOught-S~ROrLn Air the lacaoner woopt nwaatulo the islnd ras ne within a' mile and a hall; another reo'o tbhery tswhadaheod thetfime hce Iead'wne coiled do an the ar e of the sad we a distlnct hollow moaning in, lbs wied. mirama tooafreeb look atthmeand hrough the glua oed shook his had sat S'onr t hen tent his orere arlong the deck in an oog .Hands by 'the.weather toptall brece! Down squanresall Haul lbs tack of the maiiie'l up! Down helm!' mnd amid a hnrryiiri of tlienre and a song' or two'the Onflen'Bopt wasrLought to the wind, and las hove to, rollIng Hlbtly apon the swell, a mile from.thtiesland. ' Me Forrense, will you conis. aong with meaelr, ao Wnid y rather eseain. here ?' -The curate Iravced 'as mm a wisqe te stared Ia5.tlie old. sti~· r~Ltt~.lq'ttdrelyng was th~eh'tht'hla rsotlle, 'whith any into·~n'~i Puil~s hr~pslu~rsegm with the Inten.a raghere haur'L o * nhiing I.ac::. llnoi rairnbi'l o trasformdi' nerte l',it 414l Sh'Riad Int Iaron will. ' Wh" ' itb' YOu. Mr. Stona:e now ssa Areyno uread o r ' All ready sir; h?i I'd lhmbly reprsent that if .he-if the lady-or putting i n thi was: 'nup.nse-' the old fellow wuatam. werl.g but Forteecue glanced at him with a sh2 tfreon of surprie., and wilked to the * Jump o no thbe boat two of yo, my lds. ir. Stone, youll take an oar,' sung oat Hiram. ' - There e modawort of anging beck mong the men. In truth, at any other moment there wol heve been something to laugh at In the fell6wnu who hacllr.l . n 11 cabooee, elbowing 'one another" and yet shoving cloee tdgethr nd etartng ene psut another; Duck, with a kind of grin that aignifed anything but mirth; Anron the cook, mulky and yellow; Johnny Stimpon, hiding in the rer; Goldsmith with obsti nate leathern jws, slorly gnawing upon a junk of tobcco ; and ao on. 'Now then, into the boat two of yed'ye hear!' bawled Hiram afreh ; on which Breeches, with soor face and mouteaine in his growling croaking voice, * Well; hoer goes for one. A dog must have two talle afore he feelr too proud to obey horderse' walked to the igatwar , end waa .fllowed by iono? Joe Hall. In ' afbw moments the boat .wae palling awa· towrds the island. rFortscue n she stern bseets and old Stone working away ane trke, looking over hie thoulder to get the boane head fair for the point it was necessary to round. It would be hard if'no eanwer wai ever re turned to the prayers which men in eufferiug put np to God. It ti eo natural to litt up the heat and the hand to He aven when help, forgivenees, eotnlace, trength re needed tnat the instlnct of Intoition which' prompts " the getute uad the whisper is one of the profoandest sua rancee we poetest that the oul that riaee with us le a str that * comoth from afar,' and 'from God who. is our home.' The sudden strength, nerve, power, let it be called what it will, that had communicated Sa ine r of iron reeolution to Fortecue' mind, enfeebled by a hundred dietracting emotions, made dangerous- by the dark abedow of the special eupernatunraiem of the laet momenti of the outward peansae, muet have bon an answer tohble appeal. He had prayed for strength to encounter what ever wae soon to be proved to have lain hidden in the darkhne behind the dream he had dreamt, ad 'it had been granted him, and it was well hehad'it It Is ea ommon thing to hber of expectation rieing to stony; but conceive what was felb tt mbharble. faced man, with his lipecompreaed to blood. leenoesse,his eyes scmtinising and burning, his arms tightly folded -upon his breast i though he would pbrhsically cruh down the ,tormentin and sickeniolnboundlng of hie heart; conceive his feelinge as he sat looking towards tth Ilnd, the dull hulsder of the surf came rolllog to his eare over e long ocean swells, as no sign of bhuan or eentient thing wae visible to Siajtrb to the eight. the frightful and eoormoue lonellaes, of thet little space of land swept by the sea breeze and shiinig verdant to the sun. Wby, it w enough to shake him to the very ceatre of-bie being merely to know, by seeoing he Islaod iteelf, bow viid, beyond all troslble capacity of the mind's mechanlem, unaided by direct revelation, wal the vision he bad 'bebeld in bis slumber at Wyloe- He wes mearnring now the. identical apaoe of watere be had seen the boat that contained Agatha pausing over' -W she there? Amid btht boiling whitenree yonder the boat had ione to plecee, and through chat same thunderoue surf she had been drgged by an heroic hand. and jost beyond it she had kneeled, then rose, and yearned for him with eztended arms and face full of the inexpthsieble anguish of a hopelee epirit. He had seen it all, though the mere thought of the infinite lealue that separated him from the pot where this scene of fluhing ocean, and pouring ron, and ver dant iland had risen before his sealed eye. wrenched him with the wondefulness of is like a heart-ehudder. Wa she there? Ob I surelv the merciful God would not have led him thau far for no purpoe . . For sheer relief he turned his eyeballs, aching from the .etrain of the intoenely earhing gue he fixed upon the island, to 'the schooer-tbe beautiful eohosner-the noble, staunch, uspiciously, named Golden ope; . and the cler reflection of her ap pearance came like a oothrng greeting to him as or a moment ýor? two he marked her awayinq npon. ths; llting 'J vii? ..of s.he dasp, with a.liittl.wiid reuhin of fingerlike shadows over b white, r lale, and flaehing in the.brimming blne liquid brows trom the starry radianto kindled in her wet side. hy the nnehine, -and the bhead of the crew lliputianleed by dieranoe, looking. st. the reeding boat over the rail. The men pulld steadir Stone vr groae. with oecaiionsl aid*e quints at Fhrteeoae, and prlonged looks over hiesshoulder at the itlend. - lrehee, in the bows,. with the natural sourns of hisexpreeiton emphne"ed by the drawn down or?aer of hie mouth, the nrvee whoere, as lnt on tbe rigoe cheek were made longer by the dark stains of tohaocojuloe, and young Joe Hall between, givin his eapple trunk a, dvll.ma.rcare ewing as thouesh hbe rkooed .bimslf pe lally watched from the schooner and oolu mented upon Silene wea maintained for sometime. At lal old Stoe, bringing his eye awaylfrem the land, and tearing under twieted eyebrow peat Fortecue ' at the les , mutteed with a deep elig or two-.. - 'lbo h o I I here .it waes; William, hat I was that dry for drink I whuld have hwapped the mother that bore me for a qaor. ter ol pinto waer. By the way, Mr. For. tee.ue, did yon bring 'er a drop o' brandy aloe witsh you ' ' Yea, have a flk in my pocket,' su wered the elergyinm . . iWell, I meant to have reminded yet of it, air. It may be wanted-btere'e no knowing'. He tried to Inspect the leland. ' Mlak out any igns of life thre,: Bill'? See anything movinge r . 'No.,' responded; Breehe hoarsely; ' e' onleess it' them as Mr. Forteecue seeks, 'we don't want to wrn nothbean.' ' How long It'll be, Mr. Stone; since them we've come to fetch has bin cut away r asked Hall. - . I Nine .mntmtbe. "Jo,'. -l' moethbt' "'e. eponded Stone, with 'eometbleg'ofdepree. o lo his moaner, ividently conidig the qnutron mel apropoe,. and saking -with' eingular solemnity.' Tthen. ddniaingN Mr. Formtenan.' If ther's any' pemsone ahore sthre. ir 'the'll bave to be behind ibem hump. It' imnothb'' water t'ohe pid su and it's reysosable ,aoy,lebold ettle'to leewrd for the, coavnlence of on' a fliblng;' not to mention livinig eler of'(he sbindy of that' there suri. Heay, Bill. Let'is ti her hed ou'rin'ir. Why. thibl I' time of hezpyata, toii an'no mistake I' . Dnno,' after all, if i? wouldn't have been a good dea to bhave fired a rocket or so, not having l a aboseard,- tht the exploeioo aloft .mght bring aybod whet's aio dore uow to'the.bech to have a look.' HIe cmhed the aweat from ble face with one hand, rowine with the other, at he adddwith b freebino atthte lilcnd, ' It' nougl to makethe$b heat bait cla.:of it moorio'e with analesy to e them .two bIt o'hills stuck up there biottin' out the viiew Nse want to 'et, ' end then obemein'theat the clergyman we. soilutely Incapable of ooevere«tion, (h old fellow sank Into sllence rwith dim ahr4way expreesloo in hit rea that would bavesaily caueed yon to gsa he was thinkIng of his own ihlpwreck In thbe wate. .. . The white eurf boiled up'the beach end urbed. back in thunder. Seeing ens vest redlendent breakingl of the fine westher brekaere'upon that cenoral shore, you misht' well have snupoeed tbht in storm the seea meit ewep in snow over the ihland. GiddyI ,rimatice poutinst of throbbing water rem cnntain.like sgalntt the nornemr poiut when the arch of the land. by It. peculiar confguration, complete, bhat c- aspect that hn been again and eaein referred t. rery hoe of greoth and verdure wa of sin gular troiolal lnUoriain. l gaining In depth nd purity o dye wilth the appeshiui g» whilIt the'sheen of the eulligt over slt hong like a litver inet that eave the sky an onparince of qulIcklver. foB'any fathoms abnve the frinni?g of tbhe trIee aUd ihe top of the little hillt. Now, put the lrf a ftew sra'fowl corld .be 'e; waddlng spon a gleemingrlope 'lee than a neoor wereon theb wing, sailin?., lik the CommoIn gall, with arched ne. an l on'.'tremourlee plnion,. The sound f tbh 'bralers wiaLe like aoes le nannoonading; the soi ted commlnllno of the dtonttlons of Imall ordnance. . ' The reek'er nnd that crner--t'e Imooth there, Pll, lade l' cried bton, wlth, sudden exciraemt snt. - .. . .., .,, . * The point, to which they lad, to glive a widsllh bertb,'sinoe *the erf .-ame down 'to it thin, hbut lwavei dangeroeus opened renpidir , the stroke of the.as, od-'revealed the lee ward pert of the iilaud detosndin verdant anId !nder fimthe, billide: to- atoad strip of green level, whence wenat th ea bluhIe and quiet.. The crrek 'lsl:cleaer,,iLltrechl o a hundred fathoms ot radiant water Into the li. TheVi b ii for it; li baroad. wih'h. soctpf srearm. .·Lor he shrieks ppo~laintlu vre. ,the, bow, iandlh'uotased~a ' SiIdowu 'or s ii don, sir I'4. rosre Stone..t or let capsize the 'bosat I ' B tsrnder, 'rlsA .fN I'" cried Brcheer. Sone'reped the clerogmao. and .locmd him' to alta '-ed 'whilst ,be stillh eldtbliis looked towards absh land, where, to Uhe right of :bheoreek. miewa .between llame open. ingand il.land limit; stood' SeMll human fgunrrwtt his hands heaning motionles' ,to ihi hibdark face trned 'twards the boat, and the. wbole aspect of him so'rlild that he might have passed for 'the wooden ffigy of e shIpwrecked sailor, fixed by some ironical hand upon that. lonely rock., to conaterfeit the human agony of the living, castaway..' . - . I Forteanue sat in the sterasheete, hse bands gripping the gunwale so fiercely -uoi ta-the veinoe salinh up like whiloord udes Sae delicate skin, his face flashed to-the brow, his lips pared, hbls respiration abort and' oppresseed, aed. with ach b light in his eyes that anyoone might have sworn she. had caught the fearie fire' from madaese. The long sweep of the Gaze had brought the boat ear enough to the month of se creek to enable him to distingulsb.thbsman's features, and it was another shock, too fall of the supernatural in iets fires impulse for jy, for him towituese in the lonelu, fghre' toe very likeness of the man he had beheld in bie vision battling through the surf and bearing Agatha ashore. It is the boatswain of the Veraule,' he cris, eso huneskily as to barely articulate; at the same' moment " the .boat entered the smooth water of' 1he 'creek, and was pree ertly laid alongside the whire and on he right, that went up grss and bush.nd ks~otionlessly, with" banging arms '*and burnt hollow face, the maon'had'been wateh lug them -he now raised a strange cry of transport, whblch fodnd a derisive echo in the hoarse notes of. the birds overbead, and made as if he wuald ran toeards theboat ; but God beeat knows the emotions. that wuuld paralyse him at such a time; he took a stride or two and fell headlong, and there lay, whilst Fortesrue, rStone, and Breaches jumped out of -the boat,- leaving Hall in charge. I haa thesightof a ekilled him?' esaid Stode, in a trembling whisper, whiles Breeches aes a hnrried nervous glands around.. But ere ther reached him he had struggled to nis less and stood' erect before them. Father of mercy I whb a figure I piteously trembling from head to foot, hbis lips moving but without usserance, tears coursing down his cheeks.. A ragted s aeamen's jacket covered his asked breast, and he wore a pair of canvas trousaners- inshredd about the lege. This wasbhis attire: His black bhair was a long an a womank, and lay upon hisfe aock and shouldera is'a matted.mass. BHis fac was nearly of she complexlon of chocolate with sunburn, esad his wild, shipwrecked mast lamensableappseranoe was oomlieted by a long black hbeard and moustachbs. And yet the tall fignre, -the 'fine physique, she Ihanly looks o'onewho had bheo, esd might yet again he anoble epelmaen' of an English sailor, were visiblethrogaa the tremore, the tears, the ragel the- baggardnese of bhd caste Foteecne ran- to him and grasped his hand. * You were the boatewain of the Veruiam I' he cried. ' We hve come to save you.' The man shaLk poa his knees, kissing the clergymana's hand 'Thespor of the southern most billt came down to the sea a quarter of a mile beyond; I, was all green growth- to there, with some cocahut 'trees 'on she 'head that bid the land behind. 'Fortesas' looked that way, thbea at the kneeling, Iweepgio, trembling'inao, ad fried to speask but' his voice failed him. On which Stone s aid, SGive ome the brandy' air` and pouring out a dram, presenoted It to the man. He-drank it, and Stone sald, 'For God's sake collect your senergies.' Tie asurprise to kill a man pretty nigh, as can's I reckon, havin' been myself caset awayhere, though not for nine moonthe, as ye have.' But it's al"rialbt now, get on your leg., mate, and sill us ifs 'era ' mord of yre. Tellde, he said,'putlng his lips to the kneeliang man's ear; "if there be more of ye." The surpense di , lifetime may he crowded into a minute; think; then, of thb agonyofit I The man triedtenoeak; strauggled,' and wee helped on to abi fees by Sione, who held him ; and he pressed his hands to his tesamples as if nie head would tu-st, whiles the rant, eager gaze fired upon'him bythe two seamen wee sn its way almost as passionately anxious as -the ye' which' - -rtescs, searded -him with -. \- Merciful Chrilt suddhebly erclimed the man in a hollow voioe,' to-shlak you should have come I It is nine months you say !. SFor the love of- God ,hipmte. tell ns are you al·s! cried .-Stons, and Breeches echoed. ' Are,.for God'sesake tell as I' ' No.! answered tshe man, frowning and grianing. with the v ienI. of hls e8 roe to' steady hIs mnd; and. rstill trembling end weeping; there is. lady-beaond there come I' he yeleed ;. lt' asther-th be oeftf I thea nota' ass be elpd. -Then he off' bare 'only as two i I'll ery her myself I I. I bore her tarougi the boilang outside to windard. I sed her from a bloodsy vllalIsn' Isr,lfep sheall; bee oine' e me yt.. lfoorah If, Againuhe madeelf ltoran, and again fell ; hut this time in a deed woona, and there he lay. fonr all' they could ll a corpse BII,.kiep bhr hims of -ese bie comes to I' fxclaimed Stone. ' Ur F'ertescne, sl.find the lady, scl. No goo - wsetiof a minute of lime mor'n canbe helpq. ..Tb g former of as. Indian kind so at, harsnh, nd tetwls o e d'uea ohetebhe to sheshreestig eoflhas'sgfil ft was opperfesiely hle, 'he glare of he sun coming down past the hil, boes, is tr bles o lirs; On the verge of whbse atmcehsseirirale "the-few' cleds blowing that wa amelted The sea went eaway from the Incis off she bill in surface of equslee blee; hut the silencea in the Island wae fall of th hrnder of she eternal surge of the daan Ob an besking uepon the windward' ahae Whuer She ooeal sandee anod ha tdre tmies ra dae ars-off is almostnof polished tin: Te artralof e rsoe the evd en of the twe seemed to have quickened or arswedbhe 'birds ien actite fresa r many "hinle 'fow-ia set of aan dene's we, black sdbfvey-eheeed m. psOuslyh evesiad,- dltying -ct to em'l sudden dartis. then' aoretuta, ed nrisig mands thaweea .likcaeb etinnal amia nbo a eanuir al ecyspatecs.' every maneworklig with a tool that yielded a doffrentot. Yet shedetshsse cries fnd tbe 'soa dow the' sf omed th er, a 't de dllralesoadn r esail m ls of t"plesant trade-, wind Mowing brhash sh beahes; ad-beadinig the lens sed , sid'nm kipgeshatvete Jsgea'the wen heng8mt'5n It Sremb the sld pretnleb Ssheen againes theeDe heavose tiy is was Ibsnl u ovetfolwng of olrrbrtehoabstfrom the Wleaeqe.vry'hsatlftt tsb.hehes(d.'i :" I, .whet ear ieapa he thregh in ite bee 'he btqr ta a the above ' on e, Is m . hcth 'w be slintr slope wahd' frtorirsdot stouaro feall ofi other ntn' 'Ia 'the lfiterd this' It within redy observatioa, -hres stood' Itsuge stonotrt,' e'lyeeyo tod be 'faomd of the trnhks and 'hg' of ohuses' wic~lh bad heen gt#ipueit df ~,ll gyrnwtrthCdegiraed 'euuius. henue, wish an' arcrred'srlheerh~of' bdouhs sod the'llk.i'tnledaced; aid ths'lhole faiply ;nverd wtih' ktaae p~l~ldl -and yellOw wib hmtr'and'deiay ' That-waS all. "Icwe jutjes lItle aebirur Bdeirehine like Itr yo wllI se ira' gardens 'wher gres bushes hares bern hollowsed Into an apertur ouSave bcto stoop toeoeer nd65iere ia'ut-lhet~'ll 'h! "hrr batesr;· ydrs·t'll flush hr tirble~ seld'Stoa e' In stsrsie 'whey' ppgr.cre the s·tuctuf.. lR.rteequ hardl Isreshed; hl hoe weye n oboodless he '5rc'Sebtid.'atnost.'eshe ,aan ihat fainted hqsl'; when - ishin 'a vner's thmro' of 5he .o) d lab -sorraped.'' it was .vgdent sue estrnire f·acd the eas ocr 'weo rhe osbesr "s'tu' 'Thisalsi is was a' blen well Of'g~seeisey" Otiniesgy' k ri, and mowing eas erhir cleitiret ofptience In sufer. ,ngn rdtn hepefshrr~e, Thecaree peesped rhe rldmeilor by she arm. 'P'Ittfi.oe.h h 'wrlhdibrsd with his parched throat,"lf'Jehriald Suddenlyhswrrkrvtelf the oy might cras hr;' yen keow. How shell Why,' that( thnessm'' been'"In ".me all st~an behhnd one 'of these sss 'uses-t peepin'; If she~there''ll l erldak t'lbe and prepare hr~. Iea·ln'ra~lt'asiddrautlral,'l canst apart baherenede Itrs action of bet n' sared-ae a Pecso beige,' bred'thian mer ml ibs,' " "'" Forerneor nstiond Ira bIn to act as he irested.. Ston walked' to the 'struraro, ansi foand the' eiarnee of it faain~ the se. wIy a hdeihbld' alit 'rerhetL tbu door. rnl stieop 5'o''' a;' Thb' luert(or'withb gree tkdllah wish th b nin' the north' seding - rolden5a' hrede"tf iih through bs lheafy roof and side, and where. ter ,hege madandtJabIeads tonobt4 thes, `ednd'th assyed os Iremble·.: istoit&.poo of Hpelf idrt: asroticr a long grase lay thick nopon the floor; it bad beefnsot down by 6<knIfE, and had turned to the.iuoe ot hba.rled is ilwas asareose as straw. in theright haud dorner edthe strange, arb tor-like saructure on the might band -a you looked in at the door there waN heap-e of thig gree., and upon it layAgatha For;: ind .' attire a sereorow, with sme naked and whitesbrea.te halt conale atockingd feet, yet with remains of eal7sa swathing her, that is to ear one thing hbd the rents eo another. Think for yourself if -" yon need a clearer picture. She had been nine months oest'awar.and what she-wore ,hadi t. . wbthae was drsed h re was l~lb~ h \- Stone stood a moment or two watching he.r, Hea hair, that was of a rich and lussmou anburn aod "wonderf lly abundant, hong with all the wildnes, of dishevelment from, her-head, and lap in a mac upon the-flos. albeit she had her cheek in her hand prop on the elbow,. The old- sallor'looking, with his heartIn his throat, might have expected to id little mortbana skletonin a womae delicately nerturad that had been immured. for nine moonths, tormented by thoughte in expressible, by soffering whihob could find no meaning oin words; yet in the swift glances he scole he noticed on the contrary a round ness and fulneses as of positive health indeed in her face; likewise a healthful fleshiness .cf limb: the delicate fiet and hands and erme were scarlet with sunbrn but the faoe was pale and sDiritlike, with a curious repoee or immobility of beanty, heightened, -one might supposee into an aspect rarely seet :beneath the stare by the dieordsred unheeded glory of her hair, and by the ragse upon her expressing and haif-posing the perfection of female form, through abs squalor that the ocean bringse about; not to be likened to what we know ofthe eame bthing ashore. Sheb leaned her head upon bherright arm, and with her left hand ate looked to be tyinor to ashber up a pool of aunehine thabt lay ctoe. beeide her. There-was alarge turtle shell in one corner with water in it; and that com posedthe ferniture of thet arbour-for sucuh it was. She, was intent upon gathering up. the pool of light, scooping at it, so to speak, with the sharpof her -ittle hand, and augh ing to herself as often as she failed. Stone coughed, and stood full in tha door way, with hishead bowed and hie heed bared; he imagined she would scruam out and spring to her feet, and he busily re. beamed what to say to bar; but instaad, and ,without moving any portion of her fiture but her head. bthe sared. at him with a little he. wildered frown and then-smiled. ' Stone tried to speak, hut suech was, his astonishment that the words estock in his throat It was notonly ,this reception-the smile-the perfect tranquility ofb her manner thai -sagered him; e. was fascinated by someibin .be noticed-something ditoors,-. able, buhot sarly not interpretable by him-ia the siprresion of the pnlsy soft, unsartled grey" eyes " she fired upon'" him.. -Again. hes essayd'trou spak ome· mombline .srouu·. euraped him;- once more she smiled with touching swetnees, and still preserring thatr smile, toned to the little flood of sunshine and tried;to gather It up. ,. My 0ed I cried the old seman alo recoiling, into the open by a strde, with an invofunnigr horrified toes of his bead, .she'e lost her. mtipd..' .. Ae he spoke, Forteecue gripped hie airsn and, .wltb-his,,other.band shading bi eye. peered in through the entrance ot the arbour, tire us cytprir.o 