NEWS AND "NOTES- Mr. Cameron will preach at the Shire Hall to-morrow at 5.and 7 p.m. Tbe well known Hotel at Lockwood. Happy Jack's".is for sale. Full particulars will be found in Mr. Tobin's advertising column. It -will l>e seen, on referring to our adver-' tising columns, that Messrs. Thompson Moore & Sou will sell, on Friday, fjtli prox., the property of Mr. Thos. Stevenson, at Ltuuiecooiie. The second quarter of Frinity Church High School commences on Monday next. During the past week a kind of mild excitement has ;i£>een experienced by the numerous visitors to an ancient - stump, situate iu lligli-£treet, and many were the talcs told by the "oldest inhabitant" relative to the old historical landmark. The tree in question stood on the vacant allotment next the Oriental tavern, and in order to erect the new buildings of R. D. Oswald, Esq., the stump had to be removed. The contractors had their skill and patience taxed in ftn eminent degree to effect this. Yesterday, .however, after several charges of powder, &c.;, had been "used, the mighty monarch of the forest yielded up the ghost, and but little now remains of the whilom solitary gum-tree. — •• A narrow escape from a serious, if not fatal, accident occurred on Thursday last at the Mount Tarrangower Prospecting Company. An empty bucket in which dynamite was wont to be kept, and which happened to be bulged, was being- repaired by Messrs. J. Cooper and C. Webster.' - Whilst in the act of striking the vessel a loud explosion took place, knocking the hammer from the hands of Mr. Cooper, and causing general consternation." Happily, beyond frightening those engaged, no further damage ensued.' Our contemporary. Punch, stall maintains its excellent reputation as a humourous' and tirical journal. This week's number contains -an infinite -variety of comical sketches, chief among which is a full page engraving of the British lion nursing Sir James Lorimer, K.C.M.G.; Mr; Sargood,-full of envy, and dressed as a bear's cub,.is seen, in the dis- tance looking'grimly on. 'The picture bears the inscription "Jealousy, or the British Lion and his Defence Cubs." In the "Events of the Week " several well- known social and political characters are taken off. Tbe Eight Hours Demonstration again comes in for rather rough handling. We have been-shown a-handsome black Satin cushion on which is beautifully and artistically painted a wreath of lilies. The -flowers seem'to have been freshly plucked from the garden, so true to nature do they appear. The work was executed by- Mr. J. J. Matthews (son of Mr. Matthews, of Highstreet), and reflects credit on the artist. It was exhibited at the late Jnvenile Exhibition at Sandhurst, and obtained a silver medal, the judges regretting they could not award one of gold, but the exhibitor, bang over twenty-one, precluded this.—Mr. R. Web- . , V . . T — , , f ter ;, fo , r l f i of V? 0 a ** f * he P" herd shut, received a certificate of merit. A meeting of tbe Sandhurst, Maldon, and Barindiup Coursing Club.was held at Pet- .titt's Kangaroo Hotel, on Wednesday last, to arrange the fixtures for the season of 1SS7 and elect office-bearers. Messrs. T. H. Henderson and E. Fitzgerald were elected atrons; Mr. W. Bryant, president; Tessrs. J. Smith and George M'Auley, S vice-presidents; Mr. H. Pettitt, treasurer; Mr. Thomas Harding, jun., secretary; Mr. D. C. Collard, judge; Mr. G. Broadfoot, slipper; '.committee: Messrs. Burridge, Bruce, Robley, Weddell, Moorhead, Edgell, G: Schmidt, Bophe, O'Keefe, J. C. House, iL Ciifforfl, aud B. Smitheram. It was resolved that the' fixtures be for 16 all ages and 16 puppies on 24th May, 32 all ages on 28th June, all-aged and puppies on 27th July, and Champion Stakes (unlimited) on 31st" August. The following members of the football club are requested to meet in the Shire Reserve this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, to try conclusions with a team selected from -the Castlemaine Foundry United Football Club —Moyes (capt.), Truran, Baxter, Callander, Young, Temby, Seedsman (2), Treglown, Calder, Bonelli, Mollard, Lavercombe, Tay som, Pitchford, Jones, Matthews, Roberts, Hosking, Woolcock, Wardley, Agel, J, Moyes, and F. Matthews.—The secretary of the football club acknowledges with thanks the receipt of half a guinea from Mr. F. C. Cavenagh, as a donation to its fund. The funeral of the late Mr. William Wearnc took place at the Maldon Cemetery on Wednesday last, a lengthy cortege following the deceased to his last resting place. The burial service was impressively read by the Rev. J. Lowe, of Castlemaine. On a reccnt night, a well-known inhabitsjit of a somewhat pretentious-looking abode, not a hundred miles distant from the principal street in Maldon, was disturbed from bis slumbers on bearing a peculiar noise outside his bedroom window. He listened intently for some time, when the sound was again repeated. The handle of the door was then touched, as if someone was trying to obtain ingress. Breathlessly, aud with liated breath, with cold perspiration oozing from every pore, the head of the household, nudging his " bettor half," wliis percd, "Do you hear that?" "Yes," was the almost inaudible reply. Thereupon jumping out of bed and cautiously peerin; out of the window, he exclaimed, " Who" there ?" The night being as dark as Erebus, nothing but a shadowy outline could be dis cerned. He then slowly opened the door, and, clenching his fist, with all his might and main struck not a would-be burgler, but a well-known peregrinating cow, who had taken np its quarters for the night under the verandah. The animal, it seems, had been rubbing itself against the house, and by switching its tail had at intervals touched the knob of the door, thus causing consternation to the inmates. If the cow in question happens to oficnd again, no doubt it will be tlie last time, as the gentleman referred to swears that he will have its life. Seriously, however, it is high time a stop was put to tbe growing nuisance of cows being allowed to wander. The third anniversary of the Salvation Army was celebrated on Wednesday, April 27th, by a'tea and demonstration. The hall was very nicely decorated for the occasion, and the tea was very well attended. Everything passed off very satisfactorily. The jiubUc meeting was conducted by Colonel iSarker, and a number of officers from ditfeient parts of the colony also took part. The Colonel had a very warm reception, aud when he entered the hall the soldiers and others fired a vociferous'volley of' " Amen." The chief speakers were Captain and Mis. Greenfield, Staff-officer Roberts, Staff Band-, master Hellings, a man from the Prison Gaite Brigade Home, and the Colonel. The hall was literally packed.' The Colonel, in- the course of his remarks, gave his own personal experience, and said that the object of the Salvation Army was to raise the fallen. He gave a few incidents of persons who had been rescued from the lowest of the low, and became respectable members of society. The meeting was closed by singing the doxology, and the people went to their homes after spending a very pleasant evening.—CommanicaJi&JL; . The BooH correspondent of the Inglcteood Advertiser says-:—On Saturday last a man named Daniel McGlashen was seriously injured by an attack made on him by a neighbour's bull. It seems' that the bull had jumped the fence into McGlashcn's yard, and that Mc Glashen with a shprt .stick in his hand attempted to drive the beast out of the yard, when the animal suddenly rushed at him. Mc Glashen struck at the brute with a short stick which broke -with the blow, and before he could get away the brute turned on him again and tossed him three times and then rushed viciously at McGlashen's hat. Mrs. McGlashen, being in the yard had time to get the unfortunate man away before the bull had left the.hat. McGIasheu's breast bone and collar bone with several ribs are reported as broken, besides internal iujuries, and he lies in a precarious condition. Dr. Bird is.in attendance on the sufferer. We understand that advices have bceD received from London to the' effect that the half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of tbe London Chartered Bank of Australia will be held on tbe ISth prox., and that the directors propose to pay a dividend for the half-year ended 31st December last, at the rats' of ,7 per cent, per anncin, to add £20,000 io -the reserve find,-" and to carry forward £3,000 to next half-year. The dividend is 1 ]>er cclK. higher than has lately been paid, and the figures indicate satisfactory progress ou the part of the institution. M Delaunay, the eminent French' scien-1 tist, who, it is alleged, has been successful in foretelling all the earthquakes and .vol-, canic outbreaks of the. last quarter of a century, still pera'iBte in affirming that ui his opinion the present year- will-witness a- volcanic eruption on a gigantic scale on some part or another of the earth's surface, furthermore (says the Herald) he believes that in all likelihood the theatened outbreak may take place somewhere in the Southern hemisphere, and probably in tliat.portion of it known as Australasia. The continent of Australia has been, he says, free from anything like severe earthquakes for a very considerable time, but this fact does not lessen the possibility of its becoming the arena of earthquake shocks on an unusually large scale.. Indeed, the most recent movements of the earth strongly impress liim with the thought that the outbreak may take place in cither the southern or central portion of the Australian continent. j' Mr. Merrifield, the well known solicitor of Castlemaine, has received from his brother in New Zealand-a letter endorsing a statement -of' the 'Tfeturns furnished to him of mutton sent to England. This is so interesting a documeat in respect to charges that we herewith extract the particulflrai viz :— 199 sheep were chipped jreighing.- 10,4631b. on which heiiad »n advance ol 4d. per lb, coming to £174 7s. Si The charges for freezing was £21 16s.; freight, £65 8s.; primage, £6 10s: -10i ; 196 sacks, £3 5s. 4cL; insurances, £9 4B. 8d.; railway, £14 10s.; while other small items made a total of £1218s. ' ScL L This much for the shipping charges, to' which has to be added those in England, £21 2s. Id.; or id. per lb. The sheep lost in weight 3331b., and were sold at 3|d. per lb., a total of £160 0s. 4d. The resnlt oflhe.wholi transaction ; is, that after paying expenses, £18 6s. 4d. was left, or a little more than a farthing and a half per lb. for the mutton. The sheep were two-tooth wethers (or 18 months old.) This gives a light upon exporting frozen meat that is not generally known. News has reached Cooktown by the steamer Do ran da, from London, of a. terrible shipping catastrophe., On the night of the 29th March, between the Formosa Bank and Batu Papat, the steamer Benton was run down by the steamer Hair. Penang, and sank. Over 200 persons were on board the Benton. Only fifty were saved, including the captain, the chief engineer, and five European female passengers. The remainder, who were natives, we're drowned. Both vessels were owned at Singapore. The trial of Dr. Russdl terminated at Christchurch (N.Z.), as already reported, in a verdict of guilty, and sentence has been deferred. The accused -was -charged with procuring abortion in the case of a. married woman named Bowern," also* heir 'sister, Isabella Wilson, and another single woman named Fisher. The evidence disclosed a shocking state of immorality; aud Mrs." Bowern, who pleaded guilty, confessed to having been delivered of two children since separation from her husband. Recently the prisoners were brought np for sentence. Dr. Russell urged, in mitigation of punishment,, that his actjon had been prompted, not by a desire for gain, but by a|wish to save, iainilies from exposure^ He had been six years in practice in Christchurch, had now lost everything, and had a wife and family, all of whom would be destitute during his incarceration. Judge Johnston said the police were in possession of information which established the fact that the prisoner had made the procuring of abortion a common practice, and an example must be made by sentencing him to penal servitude for seven years. Mrs. Bowern was sentenced to 12 months* hard labour. Isabella Wilson was discharged, and the charge of procuring abortion in the case of Mrs. Bowern's servant girl was not proceeded with. 