THE LEGISLATIVE COUNOIL AND PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. The Payment of Members Bill is having a bad time. The public meetings Tieing held in the country are findiDg an echo in the petitions which are coming forward to the Legislative Council. When that branch of the Legislature was reformed to bring it more directly under popular influence, it undoubtedly acquired more power as a legislative Chamber than it previously possessed. The very object of the reform was to make the Upper House more amenable to the country. And in the event of a difference arising between the two Chambers the Council will be able to plead that it is a representative body closely related to the constituencies. This consideration is of great importance at the present juncture. When the Council is called upon by public meetings and petitions to amend a Bill received from the Lower House it is plain that the people in general look upon its members equally with the members of the Assembly as sent to Parliament to protect their interests. It is evidently also the opinion of the electors that there may be times when the Upper House more truly represents the popular feeling on a public question than the Assembly does. It is certain that that is the position at the present moment, aid it is this consideration which gives special interest and significance to its action with regard to the Payment of Members Bill. In short, if the Council actB in accordance with the views expressed in public meetings and petitions it will not be a question just now of the Council steadfastly setting itself in opposition to public feeling, but of the Council endeavouring to give effect to the popular view as against the misrepresentation of the constituencies by the Assembly. We have written upon the assumption that the Council will seek to modify the Bill so as to make the payment apply only to future Parliaments. Of course that Chamber may reject the measure altogether, in which case its position will be materially weakened. But if it should pass the Bill with a suggested amendment of the nature we have indicated it is difficult to see how the Assembly can hope to be victorious on an issue as to which it is plainly at variance with its constituencies. The proceedings in the Council on Tuesday were looked forward to with considerable interest, and they justified expectation. Mr. Baker raised a ghost which will take some laying. The issue he brought before the Council is of great importance, and, we may add, from an historical and constitutional point of view most interesting. The hon. member argues that the Payment of Members Bill cannot be proceeded with in the Council, because it is an amendment of the Constitution of the nature contemplated by Section 34 of the Constitution Act, and as such requires a special certificate which it has not, and without which the Council is not competent to proceed with it. The matter has been referred to the President for a formal ruling, which is to be given on Tuesday next, till which time further proceedings are stayed. Of course the whole question depends upon this. Is the payment of members an alteration of the constitution of Parliament, or, as it may be put in another way, is an unpaid Legislature a part or condition of the constitution of the two Houses ? On this, which is by no means] a question to be decided off - hand, opinions will differ. Naturally the opinion which Sir Henry Ayers will give when the Council next meets will be awaited with some curiosity. We may take it for granted that the Government have not regarded their Bill as amending the Constitution, and if the Council take the stand that it is an amendment in terms of Section 34, we suppose we may say the end is not yet. We believe the point raised by Mr. Baker has never been raised before, and it iB no wonder that the Chief Secretary was taken by surprise. It deals, of course, with the general subject of payment of members, and does not depend upon the question whether the Bill is made to apply to the present or to future Parliaments. It is understood that the general principle of the measure will be discussed on its merits. In the meantime it is only right when an important change like that provided for is in contemplation that all the proper constitutional safeguards should be maintained. It is to be regretted that the discussion of the Bill should be delayed upon a question of order, but the requirements of the Constitution Act should be observed whatever may be the effect upon the measure. For the present we prefer not to speculate as to the probable decision of the President upon the point raised by Mr. Baker, which involves a great deal more than at first sight appears. If it were simply a question of the Bill coming from the House of Assembly with the certificate of its being passed by an absolute majority, that is a difficulty that could be remedied at once. But this carries with it the assumption that the measure is one of those which so alters the Constitution Act that not only must the formality as to the certificate be complied with, but the Bill must be reserved for Her Majesty's assent. Of course, if the Assembly concedes this it wpl be tying its hands in any future action with regard to the measure that may be deemed necessary. We may be sure that the^President of the Legislative Council will not come to a decision without having considered the subject in all its bearings. In any event the indecent liaate of the members of the Assembly tj vote money into their own pockcts has had the effect of arousing greater interest in the whole question than it would other' wise have awakened. 