Australian Tales and Adventures. {Concluded.') \- — — ? ♦oi— . — ? A RACE FOR LiFE. . By B.. P. 'WiitTrcrth'. ? CHAPTER IY. WHAT DICK OTGENI DID. As I have already said, Dick Nagentwasaa officer in the now defunct Cape Mounted Bifles, and that, after thedisbandmentof that gallant corps, he came out to Australia. So he did. Bat there remains between Grahams' Town at the Cspe, and Australia, a hiatus of two years to be filled up, and this is the very myEtery, a mystery about which you could very rarely get Dick to say anything, for he was as modest us ho was bravo, and his gallant deeds, although iecordcd in the regi inentel orders oi the day, were seldom, if ever, alluded to by himself. The fact is that Dick, during the two ye3rs referred to, had been in New Zealand, where ho had done good ncrvica with the trcops under the command of tha gallant end lamented Von Tempsky. Dick was as da5h ing a light dragoon as ever wic-lded a sabre, or wore a forage cap on three haira, and soon attraoted the attention c-f hia brave leader, by whom ho was signalled out for any deed re quiring special Emarincis and daring. It wc3 indeed a perilous time. Tho hill tribes of Maoris, under the astute Tamati unga Manu, and the ferocious Patarika his brother, hsd descended from the slopes and iistnes-es of Tongariro, Ruapshn, and Hahitnpr.nna, ar.d had descended, breathing b'.cod and slaufhtcr on the peaceful settlements of Kakaramea, and the Patea River, and had joined the Pariatea natives under 'the prophet' Te Whitiinwhst they looked upon as a holy war against British rule. The Maori is a ttrange compound of cunn ing, ferocity, cupidity, end generosity. Faith ful as a friend, he is equally tieccherou3_ as an enemy, and in his ang-ir knows neither pity nor remorse. Instigated thereto by tho fanatical leaders named, the wild eavagei of tho interior came down in thousands to sweep the detested 'Pakebas' from the face, of the land, and it was to stay this torrent of; human passion, to drive back this avalanche of cruelty and rapine that Von Tcmpsky and his gallant band had penetrated so far inland as tho Upper Wrmgr.nni r.-y^-r, the very thres hold of the Maori territory. They had been tolerably successful in repelling the advancc of the savages, and had, at all events, contrived to keep the lower settlements free from attaci, but, although the danger was in a greit measure ignored and pooh-poohed at head quarters by the military authorities at a sa:'e distance in Wellington, still thoEO rfio_ knew the Maori character best, s^w that this wts but tha smouldering of the fire that Ehould presently burst foith like the sleeping volcano of Tongariro an the distance, and overwhelm the land in ruin and dismay. Von Tempsky's troops wero stationed at a block houEe in a clearing on tha coge of a olump of bush, which though tolerably open on its outskirts, grew gradually more denss inland, until at a mile or so from tho camp it was almost totally impassable. To tho North and West of tho encampment the country was more open, and was dotted with numerous clearings and patches et cultivated land, the homesteads of well to do settlers, who were anxiously waiting the current of events, not knowing ono day from another when the terrible Maoris might Epread deso lation in their midst. Dick Nugent and three others had been for mora than a week detached from thp.^in body on outpost duty, as an advanfo picket or scouting party. They were stationed about four miles from the camp an d occupied qua' ,t\'s at tho farm of one of the out-Eettlers. E.rcty thing was quiet, and although r-iu!0r3 wero rife that tho Maoris were rising in this.-^r that direction, nothing definite could bo seen or heard of tha wily foe. Still tb:re i;as a portent of trouble in the very air, and tho Bilenco and stillness was like that before a thunder-storm. The storm was, alas, to come too Boon. One fine morning hi February Dick, who was in chargo of tbo picket, divided his men into two parties with tho object of paying a visit to two outlook spot3 which commanded a view of the surrounding country. There were two cot very lefty hills cIoeo to tho edge of a belt of forest, which stretched away to the lofty ranges to the cast ward. It was tho custom of tho two parties after visiting these outlooks to meet half-way between them, and then to visit a ford in tho river a milo or so further on. Dick and his comrade had visited their station, and perceiving no cause for alarm, had passed along to tho meeting place to join tho other party, But no one appeared. They waited until, becoming alarmed at tho un wonted delay, they advanced slowly and o&utiously; along the track. It was very Btrange. The country round was silent as the grave. Not a sight nor a eonnd that could betoken tho presence of an enemy, and yet they felt a singular premonition of impending danger and disaster. Had the beginning of the end then arrived? The question was speedily answered, for, cearing the foot of the hill, Dick, who was in advance, suddenly dropped on hi3 knees behind a bush, signing to his companion to do tho same, as he per ceived something moving thrcugh tho bashes ahead. It was a3 he half thought, a patty^ of Maori warriors, tatooed and painted, stealing on tho silent lope which characterises their march. Tlio terrible war dance had been performed, the war canoc had been launched on lako Rotorura, and they bad como forth from their fastnesses breathing war end thirsting for slaughter, headed by the ferocious and bloodthirsty fanatic I'atarika Nga ?Janu himself, than whom any ono more diabolical in aspect or in character, it was impossible to conccivo. Too well they knew what bad happened; tho demon bnttd, themselves con cealed in tho bush had seen tho pnnr fellows unconcciouB of danger on tho summit of the hill, and had stolen round nnd slaughtered them with the murderous meri. Dick and his companion had barely tlmo to link out of Bight in tho thick fern and undergrowth that Bkirtcd the road when they came iuto lull view. Led by tlie gigantio Patarika, a very Hercules in size and strength whose patn still reeked with tbe blood of the troopers, they paesed stealthily ond rapidly alcng the track in the direction ol tho other hill, evidently : knowing, the habits c!i he scouts, who had is oil probability been watched, and intending to murder them like wise' and to malfe a raid on the sfettlers round :befdre the main body of troops thonld hear of it. The Maoris psssed as ailrntly as ghost?, they numbered abcct fifty, and were all fully armed and equipped with native weapons, and a few having fire arms. No timo was to be lest. The Maoris would goon discover the escape of thelrintended vic tims, and would cither rearch tho bush for them, or what was more likely, make straight for tho farm, and murder every soul, mail, woman, ond child, in it. Partly crawling therefore, partly running through the masses 1 ol dense undergrowth, the two troopers made a bee line for tbo hnunn. But ere they leached it they had half a mile of open country to cross, and before they had left the forest they heard tbe yell of disappo:ntment from the Maoris at finding their victims gone. Dick well knew that their wonderful instinct for tracking would soon t end them in hot pursuit, and be therefore urged his compan ion forward with ail the speed he could. But the young fellow had neither tbo wind nor endurance Dick had, and Econ began to lag behhjd. In vain Dick spurred him on, for his strength failed him, sad at last, just as they reached the open, and after a las! effort, he 'tripped over a root, fell prone on the earth, and at the same time sprained his ankle. ?' Put a bullet through my head, Dick, and leave me,' eaid the poor feliow, ia mortal anguish. ' Yes, and through my own at the same time. No Bob, not 3 et, While there's life there's hope, I'll drop & few of 'em at any rate, and if they do catch us, I'll save tho last two shots for you and myself.' 'Yes Dick, but I can't even walk, and they have guns.' 11 Bah, gun3, why they conidn't hit a hay stack,' and to saying he tlong hia ccmiadi over his broad shoulders, and set off again at a rapid pace. But ho bad b3rely cot haif way over tha open flat when tba Maoris burst from tha covert, with a loud yell cf delight at seeing their quarry fo near them, while he re doubled his efforts to reich the house. It was indeed a race for life, and he was too heavily handicapped to have much chancc. Nevertheless he ttrn^glcd bravely on, nerved to desperation by the sivags yells and taunts behind him. Of the Maoris, one, a famous runner, hsd for outstripped the othere, and was rapidly gaining on him, intending, when within dis tance, to hurl hi3 spear at the flying foe. But Dick knew better than that. Slopping suddenly ehort, when his comrade told him the Maori was within revolver range, he turned, took a quick aim at his advancing enemy, fired, and the savage, bounding for ward, iell on hi3 face cough'ng up blood, with a bullet through hia enfst. But this Ehort pause had, of course, given the pur suers some advantage, althou^n the ono or two who hEd tho lead did net Eecm at all anxious to keep up that honorable distinc tion. Yet they did not abate their pace, and rapidly gained on him, as with his load hia travelling was necessarily slow. Nearer and nearer the enemy, and nearer and nearer the honse. Would he reach it. The white faces at the window were those ol the settler's wife and daughter, while at the door, and ready to close it behind the Eorely beset man, Etood the settler and his son. Would he ever win that friendly door ? A few steps more. He falters, staggers, polls himself together for a last effort, and fairly tails through the open doorway into the middle ol the apartment as a epear quivers in tha door. Thank heaven 1 Quick rids3, crack, crack, two streams ol fire, two puffs of emoke, and two more of tha Bavages bite the dust. Aye, yell, and scream, B'd blaspheme in the language of Mania, oh redoubtable Patarika nga M ana, but keep out of the reach of those vonomou3 looking rifle barrels, or your Ran gatiraship ia sped. Of the gallant defence cf ihe homestead by that little band nntil warned by the signal Emoke agreed on, the main body of troops came up, and forcsd the- Maoris back into tho bush, who, having been in thai part of tha country, has not heard, and who gained such honour bath at head- quarters, and from his commander? He having held the ferocious _ savages at bay, and escaped with hia life by something little short cf a miracle, was looked upon as a kind of hero, and although he never talked about this feat of his, still his reputa tion clung to him, and, bs a matter of course, made him a favourite with the ladies, even had his natural good humor and gaiety ol heart not done eo already. CHAPTER V. WHAT CAirn OP IT. Bat there were other symptoms ot Iova making in our little party, and despite tha watchfulness ol Miss Forsyth, and although I laid a strict injunction on every one not to Etray out of sight of the camping ground, under pain ol being lost in that dense bush, etill, when tho baskets had been opened, and the good things therein discussed, all my care and watchfulness could not prevent tha young folks straying off in pairs, professedly in Besrch of ferns, bush flowers, or whal not. , Indeed, when lulled by tha endless mur- / mur of the waterfall, and soothed by tha 1 narcotic influences of the post prandial pipe, N Mr Forsyth and myself dropped off into that Bweetest of all slumbers, tha siesta by tha camp fire, our flock wandered away alto gether, Dick and Kate, of course, Tom Lip pincott and Laura, and even the . stately I' Duchess,' Miss Nugent, had been led aw&}» into tho trifling pursuit of fern gathering iri^* . ^ ? ~- the dense undergrowth by the 'newspaper chap.' ' Cooey ' soon brought the stragglers back to camp however, and after a billy of tea, and the remnants of tha main feast had been dispossd of, wo retraced our Gteus along the blazed track through the obscure forest, hot, foot-sore, weary, dusty, dirty and ragged enough in g11 conscience, but merry aa crickets, and anticipating a refreshing dip in tho briny on our arrival 'home.' Ah mo 1 twelve months havo passed and pono since that pleasant picnic in tho grand Otv.-ay Rangcn, but in twelve mcntha havo many changes, been brought obont, notleagtol all, I fancy, or perhaps in a great measure by the exertions of my dear old wife, who is a most inveterate match maker. Dick and Kr.te are married, eo are Tom Lippincott and I aura, tho wedding of Jack Thompson and tho haughty Clata Nugent is on tho tapis, and Pierce Vaneittart called on me no longer eince thon yesterday, to nsk my counsel in a delicate matter, in which a certain Miss Emma Ross, now in Hobartown, but with whom be has been for eomo time in corres pondence, was coucfrned. Old Forsyth and myself meet occasionally, for he Epends moro of hin time in Victoria than formerly, now his girlsare married, and n3 tlio new year approaches, Mrs Bourko Collins begins to throw out mysterious hints about tho scn-sidc, and to compare tbo rclativo mc-rita and expense of Q'lcenscliff, I'ortsca, Lome and other places, all of which I pretend either not to h;-ar or not to under stand, but which I know full well portends a visit to one cr other of thoso places bo favourablo to her favorite pajtimo cf match, making. 