[?] ? To Call Her Mine. | ]By Walt eh Besant.] Author of' All Sorts and Conditions of Ma/,' 'The \ Jievolt of Man.' '?'?Dorothy Forstcr,' ?' Children of j Gibeon,' $c. Chapter VII.-WHO CAN HE BE ! The inn upon Ckallacombe green is a small place and a humble, though visitors who drive over from Cbajrford may get tea served in a neat and clean, parlour, and those who find no solace in tea may refresh themselves with beer or cider. But let them not look for food, for there is no butcher or any shop of purveyor or provider within four miles. Yet, if a man should desire a bed, ho may find one here, clean and sweet, if lie write for it beforehand ; and meat as well to stay the inner man, provided the landlord has been warned in time to catch the butcher. The inn is licensed to Joseph Exon. It has no bar or taproom ; but i Mrs. Exon receives her friends in a large, low room, which ( is at onee the keeping-room, kitchen, and drawing-room of the Exon family. It is also the smoking divan of the parish of Challacombe. The room is paved with stone, and furnished with a long wooden table and benches, a high bact-«d wooden Eettle to pull before the fire in cold weather, and a broad, hospitable fireplace. The kettle is always on the hob ; overhead, the black rafters are adorned with 6ides : of bacon and strings of onions ; the cider and the beer are j fetched from a narrow closet or cellar at the end of the room. I There are seldom many men in the place, except on Satur- j day night ; and, as a rule, everybody is pone, the inn shut ] up, and the family are asleep in their beds, by half-past 9. It is, moreover, essentially a village inn, designed for the rustics of that village which has never existed: the farmers would not, for instance, be seen sitting in its room in the | evening, or at any other time ; it is the club, the resort, I and tho place of recreation for the labourers. The room was about half full at 9 o'clock this Saturday evening. Three or four men, strangers, who had come up from Newton Abbot on a roadmaking job, were drinking beer. Tho rest, labourers on the Challacombe farms, sat every mail behind a tankard of cider— that sour brew which nips the threat, and, somehow, though it is so sour and so weak, refreshes the hot haymakers or the weary tra veller better than any other drink ever invented. The fire was burning, although it was midsummer. The company Riit about the room for the most part in silence ; not because there was nothing to say, but because those who meet every night know very well that what thoy have to say everybody else has to say; speech, therefore, is needless. Had these rustics bnen Americans or colonials they would have played whist, poker, monty, or euchrfi. also in silence; being Devonshire men, they sat and smoked their pipes, as their lathers and grandfathers had done, in a friendly silence which was in itself restful ; and they felt tho convivial influences of repose and fellowship. The latch was lifted, and an unknown person— a stranger — stood in the door, looking about the room. Strangers, in guise of tourists, are often seen on Challacombo green in the daytime ; they come over in traps of every description ; but these strangers are dressed in tweeds or broadcloth. Such a stranger as ho who stood in the doorway and looked around is rare indeed. Tramps and vagabonds never come I to Challacombe ; men really in search of work seldom, for they inquire first at Moreton or at Bovey, where it is well known that there is no work to be had in the parish except farm-work, and of hands there are more than enough in these bad times, so that the population of the parish is I slowly decreasing. i Such a stranger, too ! Devonshire rustics are not close j followers of fashion to gird at a man because he goes in ! raiment roughhewn. But there is a point where the honest garb of labour begins te become the contemptible rags and tatters of destitution. And there is a point at which the duds of the beggar seem ready to drop to pieces, should Providence Buffer a shower to fall upon them. Both these points had been reached — and passed— by the rags upon this man. He was clothed, in fact, in the same things, ragged and weather-stained, which he had worn all the way from Australia. Fancy undertaking a long voyage! with no luggage at all — absolutely none, not even a hand bag or a hat-box, or even a pocket-handkerchief full of things ! A. voyage all the way from Sydney without a change ! His flannel-shirt was torn down the front and exposed his chest ; a dirty red cotton handkerchief was tied I around his neck ; a leather strap, buckled round his waist, i seemed absolutely necessary to prevent that shirt from : fluttering off in t?ae breeze. His trousers were of the ' coarsest and commonest canvas, such as are worn in this | country only for the roughest work, and put off when that : is done; his hat was the same shapeless old felt which he ! nad worn in the South Sea Islands, but now enriched with '? a hole, recently excavated, in the crown, which gave it an ! inexpressibly forlorn appearance. JNo one who had the | least self-respect, or the command of a single shilling, i would have worn such a hat ; not the poorest tramp on the I road, not the raggedest wretch on the Queen's highway, j would so much as stoop to pick up such a thing. Not the lowest rag-and-bone-man, or the meanest dealer in marine ' stores, would have offered a farthing for that hat. His only respectable garment was an old sailor's jacket, worn and shabby, but yet respectable. It had been bestowed upon him by one of the hands when he came aboard, with nothing but his flannel shirt. David Leighan had money in his pocket— all that was left of his share of the Baron's cheque. Yet he had won these things so long that he had left off even thinking I about them ; they were ragged and shabby, but what was ' he who wore them ? Besides, if you come all the *ev from | Australia in obedience to an unfortunate ghost, who gives you no rest until you have consented to come, and all for the sole purpose of making confession and atonement, and i giving yourself up to justice as a murderer ; and if you | expect to meet with the care and attention which are always ; lavished upon the personal comfor t of a criminal in the | interval between the day of humiliation and the day of j elevation, why waste money on mere outward finery and : fashionable display? Add to the tattered and torn garments i of this remarkable' man— the like of whom had never before '? been seen in Challacombe— an immense beard, long, not silky, as some beards aTe, but coarse and stiff, if not stubbly, and of a red hue, rather than brown, which covered two feet or so of his chest, and was nearly as broad as his shoulders, and a mass of matted hair which had neither been, cut n&r; combed for a longer time than one likes to think of. Such as this, the new-comer stood at the open door and looked about the room as one who re- | members it. But his face was seared, and his eyes seemed as if they Eaw nothing. Mrs. Exon, at sight of him, spoke up. ' Now, my man,' she said, ' what do you want ? We don't encourage tramps here. You must go as far as BGvey to get a bed to- night.' ' I am not a tramp,' he replied, hoarsely. ' I havo got money. See.' He pulled out a handful of silver. ' Let me come in, and give me a glass of brandy.' He shut the door and sat down at tho lower end of the table, taking off his hat, and shaking his long hair off bis forehead. Six years ago all the men in the room would have risen out of respect to the owner of Berry Down. Now, not a soul remembetcd him. Mrs. Exon gave him a tumbler with some brandy in it and set a jug of cold water beside him. She looked at him curiously, being touched, perhaps, with some note of familiarity or recollection at tho sight of his face and the sound of his voice. He drank off the brandy neat and sot down the tumbler. What was the matter with tho man ? His eyes were full of trouble, and with a kind of trouble which the good woman had never seen bo fore. Not pain of body or grief, but yet trouble. He dropped his head upon his chest, and then began to murmur aloud as if no one was in the place but himself. ' Not dead !' he is not dead ! How can that be ? liow can that be?' Then he lifted his Jiead again and gave back the glass to Mrs. Exon. « Bring mo more brandv ' he said. J ' The landlady obeyed, and gave him a second tot of brandy m the tumbler, and agi in indicated the jug of cold water. The man had now begi.n to tremble in every limb ? legs and arms and hands w-re shaking and trembling' His head shook, his shoulders r hook, his lips moved. The guests in the room stared and wondered. Then he fixed his eyes upon the landlady's, and gazed upon her as if she could read in them what aied him. Bewilderment and amazement, which beat upon his soul, as the old poet said, as a madman beats upon u drum— this was tho trouble which caused his eyes to have that terrifying glare and his limbs to shake and tremble. Not joy or even relief, such as might have been expected ; these might come later, when the man wli -, for six long years had been pursued by the fury of a murdsr-stained conscience ?nould realise that ho was, after all, no murderer eave in intent. ? ' David Leighan's mind was naturally very slow to move. He could not at first understand how the whole long torture of conscience, the frightful dreams, the pro found and hopeless misery of his exile couid go Tor David Leighan in Joseph Exon's Inn.— Chattee VII.— To Call Her Mine. nothing ; why it had taken him years of Buffering and the constant terror of a nightly phantom to persuade himself that the only wav to escape the torture of his days and nights was to return to Englaad and confess his crime. This once done, he felt certain *,that the nightly horror, and the daily fearful looking for iudgment, would dis appear : and he would go to the gallows with cheer fulness, as a sharp but certain remedy of pangs in tolerable. There are instances recorded — I know not with what truth ? of murderers who have actually forgotten their crime and gone about the world with, hearts as light as before they did it. David was not one of these superior murderers. He had never for one moment forgotten the white face of his victim, and the staring eyes in which there was no light or life. He saw Death— Death with ?suddenness and violence— all day long, and dreamed of Death all the night. And now he could not under stand that his dreams and his visions, his guilty fears, and hie contemplated confessions, were all vain imagina tions, and might have been neglected. Therefore he sat trembling. Mrs. Exon watched him, thinking he must have a fit of ague He drank off the second glass of brandy neat, and set down lhe glass. Then his head dropped again, and he resumed his muttered broken words, and still trembling ^'^'ot'dead! He is not dead! How can that be?— how can that be?' He lifted his head again : ' Give me more brandy ! Give me a great tumbler full of far^The'p--°r maa is ill,' said Mrs. Exon. ' Well, if brandy will stop the shivering— it's a fever, likely, or an affuo that ho's got— here, my man, drink this.' She gave him half a tumbler full, which he poured down. The third dose had the effect of composing him a little. His legs ceased trembling, though still his hands '? Yes,' he 6aid, 'lam ill. I was took sudden just now. I am better now. Here's for your brandy, and thank you.' He sat up and took a long breath. ' Where may you have come from ?' asked one of the men. , T , , ' I've come from Southampton, where I was put ashore. I've come all the way from Australia.' ^ ' And where might you be going next r ' I'll tell you that, my friend, as soon as I know.' Ragged and rough as he looked, he spoke, somehow, as if he belonged to something better than would have been iudrcd by his appearance. ' If you had asked me this morning, I 6hould bave told -'ou thflt l waB e°ing to Bovey. Now, I don't know.' Mrs. Exon still looked at him with the curiosity which comes of a half -uneasy recollection. ' Old Dan Leighan, now,' he went on ; ' can anyone give me news of him ? I mean old Dan— him as had Grat nor first and Foxwortby afterwards, and then got Berry Down, being a crafty old fox. Is he alive still ? Some body told me he was dead.' ' Surely,' replied Mrs. Exon : he is alive and hearty, except for his legs, poor man.' ' Oh, he's alive V— alive and hearty? I thought, per haps— somebody told me— that he died— I forget how— six years ago, come October, it was. That's what they told me— Bix years come October.' ' He had an accident, just about that time, six years ago. Perhaps that is what you arc thinking of.' ' How the devil,' he asked, without taking any notice of this reply, ' can a live man have a ghost ? How can a live man send his own ghost to travel all round the world ? Won't he want his own ghost tor himself some times ?' ' He's got a touch of fever,' 'said the landlady, ' and it has gone to his head. You had better go home, my man, and lie down if you have got a bed anywhere.' ' I want to know this.' he repeated, earnestly, ' did any body ever hear of a living man sending his ghost out on errands, to keep people awake and threaten things ? It can't be— it isn't in Nature.' Nobody could explain this fact, which was new to all. Mrs. Exon shook her head as if the questioner, being light headad, must be treated tenderly, and one of the men re membered a village ghost-story, which he began. Unfor tunately for the Society of Psychical Research, that story was interrupted at its very commencement by this remark able stranger. ' How did he do it, then?' he asked impatiently, bang ing the table with his fist. ' Tell me that— how did he do it r' Then ho pulled himself together and became natural again. ' About his legs, now. What's tho matter with Dan Leighan'e legs ?' ' Why, after his accident they began to fail him, and now he's paralysed, and never leaves his room, unless he'6 wheeled out of a fine morning. But, hearty in appetite, and as for his head, it is as clear as ever, so they tell me. For my part, Joseph and me never had no doings with Mr. Leighan, and we don't want none.' ' What was his accident?' ' He fell from his pony coming home at night. Some say he was in drink ; but then he was always a sober man, and I don't believe he was in drink, though perhaps he may have had a fit ; because how else could he fall at all, and how should he fall so hard, right upon his head r1 Mr. George Sidcote it was tnat found him lying on the road. He was insensible for thrde days. When he came to he couldn't remember nor tell anybody how the accident happened ; but he said he'd been robbed, though his pocket was full of money, and his watch and chain hadn't been taken. Papers they were, he said, that he was robbed of. But there's many thinks he must have put those papers somewhere, and forgotten because of the knock on bis head.' 'Oh!' the stranger rubbed his hand6. 'I'm better now,' he said ; ' I'm much better. Out in Australia I caught a fever, and it gives me a shock now and again. Much better now. So— old Dan Leighan fell from his pony ? he had. an accident, and fell— from his pony — on bis head — and was senGeless for three days— and was robbed of papers ? Now who could have robbed him' of papers ? Were they valuable papers ?' 'Well, that I cannot say. You've had your brandy, and it'6 an expensive drink for the likes of yon, my man. Youjfl best pav for it and go. It's a good five mile to Bovey.' 'Ay, I'll pay for it and go. He lost papers, and he was insensible for three days, and he can't remember ; ho! ho ! He can't remember— ho ! ho! ho!' Did 'you ever Bee a man in a hysterical fit? It is pretty bad to look at a woman laughing and crying with uncon trolled and uncontrollable passion, but it is far worse to see a man. This strong, ragged man, seized with a hysterical fit, rolled about upon the bench laughing and crying. Then he stood up to laugh, rolling his shoulders, and crying at the same time ; but his laugh was not mirthful, and his crying was a scream, and he staggered as he laughed. Then he steadied himself with one hand on the table ; he caught at another man's shoulder with the other hand ; and all the time, while the villagers looked on open-mouthed, he laughed and cried, and laughed again, without reason apparent, without restraint, with out mirth, without grief, while the tears coursed down bis cheeks. Some of the men held him by force; but they could not stop the 6trong sobbing or the hiccupping laugh, or the shaking of his limbs. At last , the fit spent, he lay back on the settle, propped against the corner, exhausted, but outwardly calm and composed again. ' Are you better now r' asked the landlady. ' I've been ill,' he said, ' and something shook me. Seems as if I've had a kind of fit, and talked foolish likely. What did I say ? what did I talk about ?' 'You were asking after Mr. Leighan. Who are you? What do you want to know about Mr. Leighan ? You asked after his health and his accident. And then you had a fit of hysterics. I never saw a man, nor woman neither, in such hysterics. You'd best go home and get to bed. Where are you going to sleep? Where are you going to?' ' Where's your husband, Mrs. Exon ? Where's Joseph?' he asked, unexpectedly. Mrs. Exon stated and gasped ' Joseph'6 gone to Bovey with the cart. He ought to have been home an hour ago. But who are you?' ' William Shears,' he turned to one of the men, ' you don't seem to remember me.' ' Why, no,' William replied, with a jump, because it is terrifying to be recognised by a stranger who has fits and talks about live men's ghosts. ' No, I can't rightly say I do.' ' Grandfather Derges,' he applied to the oldest in habitant, who is generally found to have just outlived his memory, though if you had asked him a week or two ago he could have told the most wonderful things. ' Grand father Derges, don't you remember me?' 11 No, 1 don't. Seems as if I be old enough to re member everybody. But fniy memory isn't what it was. No, 1 don't remember you. Yet, I should say, now, as you might belong to these parts, because you seem to know my name.' That did, indeed, seem a logical conclusion. Grand father Derges, therefore, had not outlived his reasoning faculties. Why, of course, the stranger might belong to these parts. How else could he /know Joseph Exon and William Shears and Grandfather Derges ? *' I remember you, grandfather, when you used to cane the boys in church.' ' Ay, ay,' said the old man ; so I did ; so I did. Did I ever cane you, master? You must have a wonderful memory, now, to remember that.' 'Don't you remember me, William Clampit?' he asked a third man. ' No, I don't,' replied William, shortly, as if he did not wish to tax his memory about a man so ragged. Thentheyjall gazed upon him with the earnestness of Mr. Pickwick's turnkeys taking their prisoner's portrait. Here was a man who knew them all, and none of them knew him. He had come from Lord knows where — he said Australia ; he had talked the most wonderful stuff about dead people and live people ; he had drunk neat brandy enough to make him drunk ; and. he had had a fit, such a fit as nobody had ever seen before. Now he was quiet and in his right senses, and he knew everybody in the room, except the strangers from Newton Abbot. 'I've been away a good many years,' he said, 'and I've come back pretty well as poor as when I left, and a sight more ragged. I didn't think that a beard and rags would alter me so that nobody should know me. Why, Mrs. Exon, does a man leave the parish every week for Australia that I should be so soon forgotten ?' He did not speak in the least like one of themselves. His manner of speech was not refined, it is true; but there are nuances, so to speak, which differentiate the talk of the masters from the talk of the rustics. He spoke like one of the masters. So in France, the ouvrier recognises the bourgeois by his speech, disguise him as you may. 'I have come back without anything except a little money in my pocket. Now, Mrs. Exon, give me some bread-and-cheese for supper ; I've had no dinner. Being ill, you see, and shaken more than a bit, I didn't want my dinner. Then I'll have a pipe, and you shall tell me the news and all that has happened. Perhaps, by that time, you will find out who I am.' When he had eaten his bread-and-cheese, he called for more brandy, this time with water, and began to smoke, showing no'trace at all of his late fit. He talked about the parish, and showed that he knew everybody in it ; he asked who had married, and who were dead ; he inquired into the position and prospects of all the farms ; he showed the most intimate acquaintance with everybody, and the greatest in terest in the affairs of all the families. Yet no one could remember who he was. About half- past 9 the door was opened again. This time to admit Harry Rabjahns, the blacksmith, who had been finishing the choir practice with a little conversation, and was now thirsty. He stepped in — a big strong man, with broad shoulders and a brown beard. His eyes fell upon the stranger. 'Good Lord!' be cried, 'it's Mr. David Leighan come back again, and him in rags !' ' So it is — it's Mr. David,' cried Mrs. Exon, clapping her hands. ' To think that none of us knew him at first sight ! And that you should come to my houre, of all the houses in the parish first, and me not to know you— oh, Mr. David! — me not to know you; and you in this condition.! But you'll soon change all that ; and I'll make up the bed for you — and your uncle and Miss Mary will bo downright glad to see you. Mr. David ! To think of my not know ing Mr. David !' Chatter VIII.— A QUIET SUNDAY MORNING. I suppose there is no place in the world more quiet than Challacombe on Sunday morning. All the men, all the boys, and all the girls, with some of the wives, are at church ; and none but those who have babies are left at home. The very creatures in the meadows seem to know that it is Sunday, and lie restfully in their pastures. The quietest place in the whole parish I take to be Gratnor, because it lies off any of the lanes which lead to Moreton, VViddicombe, or Bovey Tracy. The farm occupies the Ridge, a name which applies to both summit and elopes of a long, projecting spur which runs eastward, narrow and steep, between the valley of the Becky and the valley of the Bovey, and so to Lustleigh Cleeve, or else to Horsham the Boyey. Standing on Rayne Down, over against the Ridge, one can see how the ground breaks down with hill after hill, each lower than the other, until the Ridge itself abruptly falls into the lower Combe at Riddy Rock, where the waters meet. First, there is Ease Down ; then, Mana ton Tor; next, Latchell; and lastly, Nympenhole or Oddy Tor, with Gratnor Farm beyond these Tors, its fields and meadows showing among the trees like a clearance in some great primeval forest. No path — save the narrow and winding Water-lane, which leads either to the clam across Steps, and so to Foxworthy and North Bovey— passes near Gratnor. It is quiet enough every day in die week ; but then there are the sounds of labour, the ringing of the blacksmith's anvil, the -wheels of a cart in the lane, the woodman's axe in the coppice, the voice of the ploughman in the field— all the year round some voice or sound of work; but on Sunday there is nothing except the quiet clucking of the hens and the self-satisfied quomp of the ducks, and the song of the birds from the woods of Latchell and Nympenhole. 1 suppose that there was somebody left in the house — otherwise how should the Sunday roast and pudding be ready to time? — but when Mary had laid out the Bible and Prayer Book for her uncle to read the service of the day, with the weekly paper for him to take after the service, and had adjusted his cushions and left him, there was no sign or sound about the place of human creature. As for locking up houses, or shutting doors, for fear of thieves, Chaliacombe was like the realm of England under good King Afred, when, as we know, gold crowns, and torquils, and bracelets, and the most precious carved norns, used to be hung out to ornament the hedges by ostentatious Thanes, and the casual tramp only sighed when he saw them, and, at the worst, sinfully envied their possessor, and wished that he had been born seven hundred years later, when he might have consigned them safely with the nearest fence. Mr. Leighan read the morning service — Litany, Lessons, Chants, Psalms, Commandments, and the prayer for the Church militant here upon earth—quite through without omitting one single petition. He did this every Sunday as punctiliously as the captain of a Bombay liner. * The elaims and calls of' religions duty satisfied, he lay back in his chair and gently closed his eyes, surrendering his whole mind to the blissful prospect of speedily foreclosing on Sid cote. The end of the year, he knew full veil, and had made it all out clear on paper, would make an end of George, and put himself in as owner of that farm as well as all the others. Truly, in the matter of land, he was as insatiable as King Picrochole. So pleasing was the imaginary pos session of these acres, that he forgot the weekly newspaper, and continued to picture himself as the owner of Sidcote — alas ! that he could no longer ride about the fields — until he dropped into a gentle slumber. It was exactly 12 o'clock when he was suddenly startled by a man's step. He knew the step, somehow, but could not at the moment remember to whom it belonged. The man, whoever he was, knew bis way about the place, because he came from the back, and walked straight, tread ing heavily, to the room where Mr. Leighan was sifting, and opened die door. It was David coming to call upon his uncle on his return. There was some improvement in his appearance. Joseph Exon had lent him certain garments in place of those he had worn the day before; the canvas trousers, for instance, had gone, and the terrible felt hat with the hole in the crown. His dress was now of a non descript and incongruous kind, the sailor's jacket ill— assorting with rustic corduroy trousers and waistcoat. He had no collar, and the red handkerchief was gone ; his head and hair had been trimmed a bit, and he was washed. Yet, in spite of bis improved dress, he preserved the air of one who belongs to the lower depths. It is quite terrible to observe with what alacrity most men sink. It is as if a lower level was natural for ktost of us. I saw the other dav in a workhouse a man who had been— is still, I sup pose—a clergyman of the Church of England. They em ployed him in attending to the engine fires ; he stoked with zeal, no doubt with far greater zeal than he had ever shown in his pastoral duties, and he wore the workhouse uniform as if he liked it and was at home in it. David, who had been a person of consideration and a gentleman as gentle men are reckoned at Challacombe, was now at his ease in the garb and appearance of a day labourer. Had it not been for that spectre which haunted him every night he would have been C9ntented to end his days in Australia as a labourer paid by the job. He threw open the door and stood confronting the man whom he had last seen dead, as he thought, killed by his own hand. He tried to face him brazenly, but broke down and stood before him with hanging head and guilty eJ' So,' said Daniel Leighan, 'it is David, come back again. We thought you were dead.' 'You hoped I was dead; say it out,' said David, with ropy voice. ' Dead or ah' ve, it makes no difference to me. Stay ; you were in ray debt when you went away. Have you come to settle that long outstanding account r' David stepped into the room and shut the door behind ' You have got something to say to me first,' he said, still in a ropy and husky voice. ' Have it out now, and get itover. Something you've kept dark, eh ?' ' What do you mean?' ' Outside, they knew nothing about it. That was well done. No occasion to make a family scandal— and me gone away and all— was there ? Come, let us have it out, old man. Who robbed me of my land ?' His words were defiant, but his eyes were uneasy and suspicious. . ' Say, rather, who fooled away his inheritance with drink and neglect P' ' Robbed me, I say I' ?' If I had not bought your land, someone elBe would. If you've come home in this disposition, David, you had better go away again as soon a6 you please. Don't waste my time with foolish talk.' ' ' David's gone,' you said. ' When he comes back, we'll have it out. We won't have a family scandal.' Well, I am. back. I thought you were dead.' ' I am not dead, as you 6ee.' 11 Well, go on. Say what you've got to say. I'll sit and listen. Come; 1 owe you so much. Pay it out, then.' ''David,' said his uncle, quietly, 'drink has evidently driven you off your head. Family scandal? What was there to hide 'i Good Heavens ! do you suppose that the whole of your life, with its profligacy and drunkenness, was not 'known to all the country-side ? Why, your history is one long scandal. Things to hide ? Why the whole parish were so ashamed of you that it rejoiced when you went away.' David heard this speech with a kind of stupefaction. ' Nephew David,' his uncle went on, ' you may be sure that it was not my interest, considering that your land became mine, to hide anything to your discredit. It is a censorious world, but the worst of them can't blame my conduct towards you.' It is, indeed, a censorious world, but it is remarkable how every man persuades himself that the fishiest of his doings cannot be handled severely even by the most censorious of his fellows. In this matter of David, now, they said very cruel things, indeed, about Daniel's conduct; and it was not true that the parish rejoiced when David went away. Nor were they ashamed of him. Not at all ; they knew him for a good-natured, easy-going young fellow, who gave freely, when he had anything to give, drank freely, spent freely, and was only parsimonious in the matter of work; certainly he stinted himself in that particular, which made his uncle's crafty plans the easier to cany through. ' The law protected you, David, and you had the full benefit of law. When you borrowed the money of me, little by little, and when you gave me a mortgage on your land, the law stepped in to prevent any undue advantage. It protected you. What I did was by' permission of the law. Your case was decided in a London court. I could not sell you up, and I was ordered to give you a term of 6ix months, in which to pay principal or interest; failing that, I was permitted to foreclose without your having power of redemption. That is the law. You did not pay either interest or principal, and the land became mine. If you have any quarrel it is with the law of this land, not with me.' Mr. Leighan made this statement in dry judicial tones, which would have doue credit to a Judge in Chan cery. ' And that,' he concluded, 'is all I have to say to you, David. What are you Btaring like a stuck nig for?' ' Oh. Lord !' cried David, ' is it possible ? What does he mean? Come, old man, don't bottle up. You can't do anything to me now, and I might do a great deal for you ; I might, if you didn't bottle up and bear malice. Come— you and me know — let's have it out.' ' What do we two know ? All I know is that you have been away for six years, that you come back in rags, that vou had a fit of some kind last night up at Joseph Exon's, and that you drank brandy-and-water until you were well-nigh drunk. Have yon got any account ,to give of yourself?' 'Don't bottle up,' David said feebly. ?' There'6 nobody here but you and me. I'll own up. And then I can help yon as nobody else can— if you don't bottle up. If you do— but why should you? What's the good? There's nobody here but you and me. What the devil is the good of pretending that there's nothing? Did you ever forgive anybody in your life ? Do you think I believe you are going to forgive me — you of all men in the world?' ' Lord knows what this man means ! David,' he said, impatiently, 'leave off this nonsense about hiding and pretending and inferring. ' One would think you had been, murdering somebody !' David sat down, staring with the blankest astonishment. He had by this time succeeded in impressing upon his brain the fixed conviction that his uncle kept his murderous assault a secret out of regard for the family name, and he came prepared to be submissive, to express contrition, and to offer, in return for the secret being still kept, to give back to bis uncle the long-lost box full of papers. And now, this conviction destroyed, he knew not what to think or what to say. The one thing which would have appeared to him the most impossible had happened — that is, in fact, the thing which always does happen. Nothing is really certain except the impossible. As for what, is only unex pected— which the French proverb says, is certain — that naturally happens every day, and we only notice it when it is something disagreeable. For instance: There is a boy in a quiet country town; quite an unknown and obscure boy; born to be at best a small solicitoi or a general practitioner in bis native place. Behold! after a few years, this humble boy has become a popular novelist, a leader at the bar, a great medical specialist, the best actor in the world, the best poet, the best dramatist of his time ; or, it may be, the most accomplished villain, impostor, cheat, and ruffian. These are impossible things, and they are always happening. Happily, the impossible generally comes by degrees, which is merciful, because else we should all lose our reason in contemplation of the coming impossibilities. Ghosts are among the things impossible, which, is at once the strongest argument for their existence, and the reason why their sudden appearance always pro duces staggers. No ghost in the world, or out of it, could have caused David Leighan such astonishment as the conduct of his uncle. 'It can't be!' he said, 'it can't be! Uncle, you are playing some deep game with me; though what game, 6eeing how useful I can be to you if I like, I can't under stand. You are like a cat with a mouse. You are old, but you are foxy; you've got a game of your own to play, and yon think you'll play that game low down. Gome,' ha made one more effort to ascertain if the impossible really had happened, ' come. It's like a game of bluff, ain't it? But let's drop it, and play with the cards on the table. See now— here's my hand— I heard last night that you were alive and hearty, though I had every reason to think you were dead. I was quite sure you were dead— I knew you were dead. You know why I knew. Every night I was assured by yourself that you were dead. Come now ! Well— when I heard that you were alive and hearty, I said to myself 'To-morrow I'll go and have it out with him when all the people are at church and there's nobody to listen ' ; because they told me you cculd not remember— you know what.' ' Couldn't remember? I'd have you to know, sir, that my memory is as good as ever it was. Couldn't remem ber!' ?? Oh !' said David, ' then you do remember every thing?' ' Of course I do.' ' Then uncle, have it out.' ' What the devil do you mean ':' *' Let us talk open. I've never forgotten it. I have said to myself ovor and over again, ' I'm sorry I done it.' I wished 1 hadn't doue it, especially at night when your ghost came— who ever heard of a live man's ghost ?' ' The man's stark staring mad !' cried Daniel. 'Come, now. Either say, 'David, I forgive you, because there was not much harm done after all. I forgive you if vou'U help me in the way that only you can help me,' of elsesuy, 'David, I'll bear malice all the days of my life.' Then we shall know where we are.' ' I don't understand one word you say. Stay !' A thought suddenly struck him. 'Stay! The last time I set eyes on you, it was on the morning that you left Challacombc, and on the same day that 1 met with my accident. The last time I set eyes on you was in this room. You cursed and swore at me. You went on j'our kneeB, and praved the Lord in a most disrespectful manner to revenge 'you, as you put it. Do you wish me to forgive those idle words ? Alan alive ! you might as well ask me to forgive the last night's thunder. Reproach yourself as much as you please— I'm glad you've got such a tender conscience— but don't think I am going out of my way to bear malice because you got into a temper six years ago.' 'Then you do remember, uncle 'r' he said, with a sigh of infinite satisfaction. The impossible had really hap pened. ' Well, I thought you would remember, and bear malice. It was the last you saw of me, you see— and the last I saw of you.' ?' Yes, it was the last I saw of you.' David laughed, not the hysterical laugh of last night, but a low laugh of sweet satisfaction and 3ecret enjoy ment. 'Well, uncle, since you don't bear malice— Lord, I thought you'd be flying in my face ! — there's no harm done, is there ? And now we can be friends again, I suppose. And if it comes to foxiness, perhaps it will be my turn to plaj fox.' ' Play away, David; play away.' 'I've come home, you see.' David planted his feet more firmly, and leaned forward, one hand on each knee— ' I've come home.' ' In rags.' ' In poverty and rags. I've got nothing but two or three pounds.' When they are gone, perhaps before, 1 shall want inore niouey. The world is everywhere full of rogues — quite full of rogues, besides land- thieves, like yourself, and there isn't enough work to go round. Slostly, they liye like you, by plundering and robbing.' '? Find work then. In this country it you don't work vou won't get any money. Do you think you are the more likely to get money out of me by calling n-unes?' ?' Wei!, you see, uncle, I think I shall find a way to gel some money out of you.' ' Not one penny — not one penny, David, will you get 1' There was a world of determination in Mr. Leighan when it came to refusing money. ' It's natural that you should say so, to begin with ' His manner had now quite changed. He began by being confused, hesitating, and shamefaced; he was now assured, and even braggart. ' I expected as much. You would rather see your nephew starve than give him a penny. You've robbed him of his land ; you've driven him out of his house ; and when he comes back in rags, you tell him he may go and starve.' *' Words don't hurt, David,' his uncle replied, quietly. ' I am too old to be moved by any words. Now, if you have nothing more to say, go.' David 6at doggedly. He had always been dogged and obstinate. His uncle looked at him curiously, as if study ing his character. 'David,' he said, presently, 'you were a bad boy at school, where they ought to have flogged it out of you. You were a bad son to your father, who ought to have cut you off with a shilling. You were a bad farmer when you got your farm ; you were a drunkard, a betting-man, and a sporting-man. If I hadn't taken your land, a stranger would have had it. Now it's kept in tho family. Years ago I thought to give you a lesson, and it you reformed, to give it back to you in my will. 1 now perceive that you are one of those who never reform. I have left it— elsewhere.' ' Go on,' 6aid David ; ' I like to hear you talk.' ' The old house at Berry — your old house — is turned into two cottages. One of those cottages is empty. If you mean to stay in the parish, you can live in it, if you like, rent free, for a time — that is, until you get into work again, or I find a tenant. If you choose to earn money, you can; there are always jobs to be done by a handy man. If you will not work, you must^starve. Now, that is all I will do for you. When you are tired of Challacombe, you can go away again. That is my last word, nephew.' He turned away, and began to busy himself again among his papers. '?After the accident, and the loss of those papers, you were senseless for three days. And after that you got paralysis. Why, what was all this but a judgment on you for your conduct to your own flesh and blood?' 'Rubbish!' David said no more. Those best acquainted with him would have understood from the expression of his face that his mind was laboriously grappling with a subject not yet clear to him. He was, in fact, just beginning to be aware of a very foxy game which he might play with his uncle, though as yet he only dimly saw the rules of that game. It was a new game, too, quite one of his own invention, and one which would at the same time greatly please and stimulate his uncle, whom he meant to 'be his adversary. He said nothing more, but he sat doggedly, and tried to work out the rules of that game. ' Presently Mary came home from church, and, with her, George Sidcote and Will. They found David sitting with bis uncle, but the old man was reading the paper, and David was sitting silent, thinking slowly. 'Mary,' said David, 'you don't remember me, I suppose V' ' You are my cousin David. Of course I remember you, David, though you are altered a good deal.' She gave him her hand. 'All the people are talking about your return.' Then George and Will shook hands with, him cheerfully and brotherly. 'Why, David,' said George, 'we must rig you out a little better than this. Come home with Will and me.' David turned sullenly to his uncle. ' I've got one thing more to say. All of you may hear what that is. He offers me a labourer's cottage to live in, and a labourer' s work to do, and a labourer's wage for pay, on my own lands— my own that he stole, this old man here, sitting struck by a judgment, in his chair. The next time I come here— you may all take notice and bear witness— the question, shall not be how little I may be offered, but how much I shall take.' So far had he got in this understanding of die game that was to be played. ' How much,' he repeated with a chuckle, 'how much I shall take!' ' Dear me !' said his uncle. ' This is very interesting ! And how are you, Will? when did you come down ¥ and how is your writing business? Take David away, George ; '.' I am afraid you'll find him very tedious— very tedious indeed.' ..'-'' 