Ctje Wallaroo Cime& WALLAROO, SATURDAY. JUNE 11, 1887. DEFEAT OF TH E MimSTEY. Fbom the outset there seemed very little doubt as to th6 final result of the no-confidence debate, which was concluded on Wednesday night in the House of Assembly. For weeks past members of the Opposition have beeo actiyely engaged in completing their plans, and the large majority which they secured shows clearly that the forces were well managed. It is now equally certain that the Ministry were altogether unprepared for the attack. They felt, and not without some degree of reason, that their security lay in the divisions which existed in the enemy's camp. But although the Payment of Members party, the Pro tectionists and the Independent party met separately, each was working for the saoie object, eo that what was seemingly their weak point proved to be the source of strength when the objection to the Government was based on general grounds. There is 110 j room for doubt that the Protectionist party provided the majority against the Government. And the Ministers who spoke in the debate endeavoured to create the idea that they had sacrificed themselves on the altar of principle—that they only needed to have accepted the proposals of the Protectionists to have secured the majority which was subsequently obtained by the Opposition. Had the debate been closed after Mr Bray had spoken some innocent people might have believed this. But seeing that the Ministry had cried off proposals which were made in the early stages of the election campaign, and adopted the views of the Opposition, the question at once suggested itself, Why should they have refuBed to give in to the Protectionists, especially when it has been pretty well known that the majority of the Ministry are strongly in favor of the principles of Protection P And the question presses itself more strongly after hearing the speech of the Minister of Education, who threw the veil off, and making a final appeal to Protectionists, avowed that the latter were bringing about the downfall of,those .who bad first recognised the necessity for Protec tion, and who were prepared to ex tend its principles. But the explana tion was proyided by Mr Nash, the member for ..West Torrens,; who showed that Mr. Bray was quite pre pared to treat with the Protectionists, but when he found thattbey di(Tnot represent an absolute; majority, fus was the case with'1 Pa^mfenjb.of Members, he gympattiiBejl with the request, and promisedto^juwisfc. ,in; every wsy possiblejbut' refased'to undertake thereepbnftibili^ of bringing .. about the desiredreformexcept through ,medium- 't}f lcolmiqM^ps. L'A 3. 2'.iiLtJUrL OS \ .}! -firfhi'woof!- tiriij much, theu, for the sacri6ce which the Government have made. And it is i i ttie wonder that the remarks of Mr Holder were so loudly cheered, wiflBn, in condemning the vacillation of the Downer Ministry, he said that he felt thafche would sooner have open foes on the Ministerial benches, than pre tended friends of whose movements there was no certainty. The debate as a whole differed considerably from those which took place on similar motions, both when the Col ton Minis try fell, and last session, when Mr "ColeB led. In the first place the speaking was confined chiefly to the new members, who, accordmg^to testimony of the " fathers" of the House, have spoken as a whole better than any similar number of new tnen have ever- done in. the Assembly before. This fact, perhaps produced a contrast, which led to ttie impression that the Bpeaking from the Government side of the House had never been weaker. Mr Playford's speech was wanting in force; but perhaps this was due to his knowledge of a certain victory. But those argu ments which he failed either to bring forward or sufficiently emphasise, were supplied by Mr Holder. Mr Bray spoke from the -first as if he knew he was fighting a losing battle. The moBt plucky speech was that of Mr Earner, but bis hardest hitting was really at a shadow, for Mr Play ford made no allusion to the Public Works Department. Dr Cockburn's waB a good speech, but in one sense only— that of a last appeal to the Protection, ists. But it had a disasteroue effect, for while it failed to change the opinions of any who had decided to oppose the Government, it was the means of driving two members out of the House, and who had intended to give their support to the Ministry. However, although, there was a good deal of the " you're-another" sort of argument (politically) in the debate, there was an entire absence of the peraonalities which marked the speech of Mr Downer two years ago and from which Mr Coiea was not altogether free last year. Dj- a telegram in another column it will be seen that Mr Playford has succeeded in forming a new j team, of which he is to be j Treasurer and Premier. The Hon. J. G. Ramsay fills the post of I Chief Secretary, Mr Catt of Public j Works, Mr Coles that of Crown 1 Lands, while. Mr Kingston takes the ] Attorney - Generalship and Mr Johnson the portfolio of Minister of Education. There are some strong features and some weak ones in the team. All the members have had j Parliamentary experience and. five ' out of the six have formerly held office. This is certainly a matter for congratulation, because the present is not a time for inexperienced men to try their 'prentice hands. The Hon. J. Gk Ramsay will probably discharge the duties of Chief Secretary .more satisfactorily than he did those of Commissioner of Public Works, for it must be acknowled that in the latter capacity he left behind him monuments of extravagance on a scale that has never been equalled. We refer specially to the station buildings that were erected on our railways during his term of office. It seems to us, too, that if Messrs Coles and Catt were to change places, both would /eel much more at home. Mr Kingston is certainly in the position best suited to him, and he will be of infinite service, seeing that one of the first pieces of legislation will probably be the amendant of the Taxation Act, which he drafted when formerly m office. Mr Johnson is a young mau, and a comparatively new member, and has still his spurs to win. Mr Play ford as Premier and Treasurer has a grave responsibility resting upon him just now. He is a very strong man, but whether he will make a judicious leader still remains to be seen. Those who have taken the trouble to watch Parliamentary proceedings will at once recognise that there are some peculiarities about the combination. Eirst, of all the majority possess strong leanings towards Pro tection, but Mr Catt is an avowed freetrader. Then, Mr Barnsay and Mr Catt were but a short time since colleagues of the two noted chiefs who hare just been deposed. And when the combination of which Mesasr Catt and Barnsay formed a part was in power, it is said that the weakness of Mr Bamsay was the cause of the muddles which resulted in Mr Flayford " putting his foot down," a proceeding which wrecked his colleagues and him self. And it was also said in Adelaide during the present week that Mr Baroeay, still holding faithful to his old colleagues, >as using his influence as far as be eould fcp induce wayering members to support the Ministry. But perhaps Mr Johnson's is the mosf> remarkable transformation of all. During last session he was not only the Supporter—he was the slave of the Downer Ministry. Metaphorically speaking, when any unkind looks were ;cast towards the Ministerial Benches, he was the noisy poodle who used to place irimaeif between his friends and 4a»ger, and bark defiance. : To the majority there was no apparent change in the Ministry; but the recess or . something else has evidently; had a ^market effect, upon. Mr .~3oHu80H.~ These^acts tnay; not interfere with the hariAon^of the Ministry, jnfuture, in fact, when.Messrs Bam.say find Play- / ford can agree to become colleagues, it suggests that in Political circles at all events, the time has arrived when """'the wolf is to dwell with the lamb, the leopard to lie down with the kid, and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together*'' But with all their apparent peculiarities we believe they possess more backbone than their predecessors. The new team will meet the House on Tuesday, when they will probably have to submit to some chaff. -The Premier will then ask for some time to consider their policy. This will take us over the /Jubilee festivities, when it is to be Fbe hoped members will settle down earnestly to work. RaikfaI/Ii at Tickera.—Mr W. H. Kelly, of Woodlands Farm Tickers, informs as that the rainfall registered at his place for the month of May, was 2 300 inches in nine days, slid for the week ending the 7th June, 1520. Township of Howe.—Posterity is to be reminded of the late Comtnmissioner of Crown Lands through the medium of the new township which has 'been surveyed in the Hundred of Clinton. The sale is t-> be hold on June 23, and those who wish to secure important sites for hotels, and other impor tant buildings should be present! Mr Shephebdson's Addbess.—In our last issue a short reference was made to the fart that the address recemly presented to Mr Shepherdeon [could be seen in Mr Poyntz's window. iJut it seeins our notice was pre ma ture. The address, however, is now at Mr Poyntz's. We regret that our notice should have been the means of disappointing bo many. Distress fob Rent.—On Wednesday last, Mr Glynu gave notice of his intention to bring in a bill for an Act to abolish distress for rent^ At present it '"s not generally knovrn, tlnit, whilst in all other claims a sum mons must be issued and time allowed to plead, that without notice of any kind an execution can be issned, and a persons furni- , ture and effects may be sold to satisfy a claim | for rent. The Legislative Council Elections. At a meeting of the ExecutiTe Council on Wednesday, the date of nominations for the yacancies in the Central and Northern Dis tricts was fixed for June 22, The election 01 two members for the Central District will take place on Saturday, June 25, and of one member for the Northern District on Wed nesday, July 6. The write will be issued at once. _ „ , Legislative Council Elections.—By ad vertisement it will be seen that Mr Malcolm will address the electors at Kadina and Wal laroo on Wednesday, at Moonta on Thursday, and then at Mahland and Yoiketown on Friday and Saturday. Mr Tenuant will ad dress electors at Walla>oo this forenoon at 11 | o'clock. The time is not convenient, but as he , must leave by the afternoon train for the Norlh he lias i o alternative. It is hoped that all who can make it convenient will be present. BfiBTALOO FiPB TBACK-—A party of sur veyors, under the charge of Mr Gow, arrive 1 at Moouta on WeJuesday evening. Starting from Kill para a line was taken as far as Agcrj, from which place th<>y came on to Moonta, and on Thursday commenced to take levels ior the pip0 'ruck along the Maitland road, taking a course across to Tiparra. Mr Gow, in rearing to the districts through which ho had travelled, eaid that on account of the wet weather a good deal of time had been lost. The crops were looking very promising. Football Match.—A football match will be played between the Wallaroos and the Wallaroo Mines Turks, to-day (Saturday), June 11, at Kadina Play to start at. 2.30 sharp. The following is the Wallaroo team : R. Walsh (cupr.), Herbert, Tomlin. Koily, Bowinar, Wiilshire, Hopkins, McKee, Jones, Davis, Wiilis, Eraus, Mid'dleton, Clements', Gepp, Walters, Cropley, Bolla.eyer, Levido, Seeley. Emergencies—E. Willis, J. Hehir, and iS. Phillips. To start from the Chemist at half-past 1 o'c'ock sharp. A Life Guardsman who was Pbesentat the Queen's Proclamation.—We have living in Wallaroo a Life Guardsman, who formed one of the escjrt on June 20,1837, when Her-Majesty was proclaimed Queen. We refer to Mr John Cannon, an old and esteem ed resident of Wallaroo. Mr Cannon also acted in a similar capacity when the young Queen first opened the Imperial Parliament. No doubt, if the promoters of the Exhibition, were awire of this fact, they would tako steps to provide a place of honor on June 21, for | this connecting link between the past and present. . Forms op the House.—It does seem odd to many new beginners that a member should transgress the rules of the House by address ing his fellow members as " genltemen. Mr Nash, the junior member for West Torrens, felt this very keenly on Wednesday last when speaking on the Address in Reply. The hon. member had full power on when suddenly he was hauled Up, and made acquainted of the fact that there were "no gentlemen," in the House. He then corrected himself by refer ing to " lion, gentlemen," but alai, this was uo better. Mr Nash then gave a knowing nocf to Mr Speaker, and assured him that he would be alright directly, but no sooner had he got well started again than he transgressed as before. Jubilee Celebration is Wallaroo.—It will be aeon that a meeting is to be held this afternoon in the Oddfellows and Foresters Hall, for the purpose of t«king steps to have the Jubilee celebration on Saturday, June 18, instead of Monday, the 20th. It seems that to attend the meeting on Monday would mean the loss of nearly half a week's work to the smelters as they would not be able to light the furnaces on Sunday, if they were to be put out 8gain on Monday. This point appears to have been lost sight of at the previous meeting, snd ats the smelters and their friends form an important part of the population of the town, it will be well if arrangements can be mad© to meet tho diffi culty as the success of the movement will depend upon the attendance. A Fortunate Legatee.—We referred (says the JBurro Record) some tim« ago to the ease of Mr C. A. Gh Elroncke of this town whom an unexpected turn °f fortunes wheel has raised from indigoneo to cemparatire affluence. As the result of age, accident and illness he has for many years been unable to I wopk4 and with hie wife has been dependent i on public and private charity. A sister in [ Germany who was iij service there married her employer, inherited h*e property, and at her death divided it between her eurrjving relative*. Mr Iironcke'a interests hare been duly cared for bj the Gerniau Consul, and he w#s put in possession of bis legacy amounting to about £SQQ on Monday laBt. Through the friendly office of Pr Brummitt the money has been e&felf; in res tad, agd vfil form a comfort able provision foe the aged couple during the rest of their lires. Akothee Chancery Stjix.—We are threa? tened (says an English paper) with another " Ticliborne C*ee," the property involving three millions sterling, and now in Chancery. The .estate is known as Whaddon Hall, Buckinghamshire, and persona professing to be heirs to the property will endeavour to establish their pl»jq)8 in the 1$W courts. The manor of Whaddon was granted to jthe JS^rl of Buckingham by the Conqueror, jhe estates can be traced through many bands down to the year 1761, when they were in the possession of'Thomas James Selby. He died • untjj^rrie'1, leaving bis estates by will to his lawful heir, who was to be advertieed for and, if possible, dtseovcresf. No one, howerer, was proved to be the lawful faeir, 4- pedigree of ji'I the Selby family now living has bpei) pre pared, and the Court will have to select fpom the numerous claimants the lawful heir of the t£Bi@tpr. ■ Bran ,Coiii4P85r Disaster Fund.— His Worship the Mayor baa received from (the Secretary of the. Central Cammitfee of the -Butfi Colliery Disaster Fund, Sydney, $ letter acknowledging the safe receipt of draft; -for £52$ contributed by the people ofSouth Australia, tohelp ijiose rendered' helpless by /reason of the explosion in'the TJuiliCoal Mine on March 23 last,: anil communicating 'the' following resolution passed *' with acclamation j jind unaniftiity" by the committee::—" That 'B special vote of thanks be conyeyed to the Bight Worshipful'J,he' Mayor of Adelaide -for the draft«f £fi25j sent: by bim on Account of the people of South Australia in aid of the Bulli Colliery Disaster Fund ; and that the Mayor be respectively asked to make known ;o the subscribers this committee's apprecia tion of tbe donors' tender as well as tangible sympathy with those in distress."—Register. Rabbit Pboof Fence.—An instance in :onnection with the effectiveness of the rabbit proof fencing, snys an exohange, 'which is being laid down aoross variojia portions of tho joiooy has been reported. The circumstance ma; tend to reassure some of those petsms who contend tbat tbe wires are likely to prove altogether yalueless. Some time ago it was reported that rabbits existed- upon Mr Bertram's station, near Euston, but that non« □f them could be seen. A *ermin proof fence Flaring been erected numerous indications of rodents were-shortly afterwards found along yarious parts of it; and by the meanB of traps 3? full grown-rabbits were afterwards caught during one week. Examination proved that they had been- unable either to leap or to burrow under the network. The C-BADOGfti' Ghost."—The police have laid infons>ftt.iunB*against tile members of the Hamdorf family, under the 63rd clause of the Police Act, for attempting to impose upon Mounted-Constables Thomas and Shegog and other persons, by pretending to hold a con versation with the spirit of a deceased person by means oi mysterioui knooklng', upon their leaaehold premises in the Hundred of Moockrs, in order to depreciate the value of the land, which being held under lease from the Crown had become liable to forfeiture. The cases will be heard before local Justices at Hammond on the 15th inet. Sub-section 4 of the clause under which the information is laid states that *' erery person pretending to tell fortunes, or using any subtle craft, means, or device, by palmistry or otherwise, to de ceive and impose upon any of Her Majesty's subjects" "shall be liable to imprisonment in any gaol in the said province, with or without bard labour, for any time not exceeding three calendar months,"—Register, The New Members.—It must be highly gratifying to many- of the new members to find the unanimous verdict is that the last general elections have strengthened, to a very great extent, the debating power of the House. During the No-Co-jfideuce debate tlie speak ing was almost cfanfined to the new members and the Ministry, and thera can be no shadow of doubt that the 'palm must be given to the new members. The speeches, especially of Mr Glynn and Mr Holder, ware of a very high order. Having regard to the question before the House M«* Holder certainly stood first. He explained in unmistakoahle terms lm reason for giving his vote in opposition to the,Ministry, and emphasized certain of their weaknesses in a way that had not been touched either by the mover of the ameudinent, or any of his supporters- Mr Glynn took u wider range, and exhibited a knowledge of the finaucical situation which is possced by but few of the oid members, and therefore there are few who sympathised with the remarks of the Commissioner of Public Works when he referred to Mr Grlymi'e remarks concerning Mr Bray as being in bad taste coming frooi a new member. Purely the fact of some men liuving been by accident elected a few years previously does not entitle them to any patent rights in the mttter of expressing | approval or disapproval »f the manner in I which the country has been governed. Mr Glynn and Mr Holder deserve speniul thanks lor the clearness with wJkich they directed attention to the importance of the financial question, and it is: to be heped their remarks j will bear print. How to get A Wife.—A. strange applica tion for a wife was made Inown at a recent | meeting of the Ciifester Boaid of Guardians. It appears that at a previous meeting the clerk read a letter from Private Hail, of) Lichfield, stating that he poisessed £500, and 1 offering to marry a young lady, or even a widow if the board would recommend one. He (the clerk) had since received a number of applications from various young ladies, some ) of them enclosing their photographs. He | would pass the letters a.id photos round. ; Miss Charlotte Knapp, Gro*e Road, Pet worth, was an applicant if Private Hall was healthy ' •ind sane. This was thought unbind. She would like to know all his bad qualities. She wa« iilso carious to know if he could sorub, make bods, shake carpets, clean grates, make j pastry, and fry fish ; and, lastly, whether he slept well at nights. For all those qualities the applicant said she would play the har- j uioniuut, aud was thoroughly domesticated. ' " My age," she concluded.. " is forty years." Pegiy Smith of Sydenham, who wanted a really good husband—a blonde, with sweet blue eyes and no temper at all—wrote from Cromwell Street, Gorton Manchester, that she would make a man with £500 a dutiful wife. She thoroughly understood milking, and waB dying for a really suitable husband. The board regreltvd that they were unable to do anything with these confidential aud em barrassing coinsiuiHoations. Jcbilek Dvs at Wallaeoo—It the meet ing specially called to settle the day on which to celebrate the Q.aeen's Jubilee at Wallaroo, Mr Kearse used ua his strong argument for its being hold on the Monday, instead of the Saturday, as was proposed and carried at a I previous meeting, that he represented the men at the Smelting Works, and their wish was that it be held on the Monday. We are not prepared to state on what authority Mr Koaree announced hiuisclf as the representative of the men work'ng at these works, but they entirely demur, we are informed, to the representation, and intend protesting against the decision of the meeting We may here state that on this very representation was the day altered from the Monday to the Saturday. We fear that should the day not be again altered that it will very material ly affect the success of the Jubilee, as few, if any, of tha man from the Smelting Works will be present. In the event of its being held on the Saturday all will join the ranks in proces sion without loss of time. We trust, however, that, whatever may be the settlement as to the day, the public will understand that the Committee appointed to carrjr out the arrangements for the Jubilee celebra tion has throughout been actuated by a desire to euit the convenience of the majority to ensure suooess, henoa the meeting publicly announced. Why Bbes Wobk ih the Dark.—A life time might be spent in investigating the mys teries hidden in a bee-hive, and still half of the socrets would be undiscovered. The formation of the cell has long beun a problem for the mathematician, while the change* which the honey undergoes offer at least an equal interest to the chemist- Everyone knows what honey fresh from the comb is like. It is a clear, yellow syrup, without a trace of Sugar in it. Upon straining, how over, it gradually assumes a crystalline ap pearance j ft candies, as the saying is, and ultimately beponjee a solid mass of sugar. It has not been suspected that this change is due to a photogrnphio action, that the earn? agent which determines the formation of camphor and iodine cryBtala in a bottle causes the syrup honey to assume a crystalline form. This, heweverj is fhe case. M". Schiebler, an eminent chemist, has incjosed hon»y in stop pered flasks, some of which he hfts kept in perfect darkness, while others have been axpoaed to the lij>ht. The invariable result has been that the-«unned portion rapidly rystallises, while that kept in the dark has remained perfectly liquid.' And this is why bees worfc is pprfept darknesB, and why they are so carpfui to obscure the gl^es windows which are sometimes placed jn 'their hives. The existence of their young depends CD the liquidity of th» saccharine food presented to them, and if light were allowed access to this the eyrup would gradually acquire a more or less solid consistency; it would seal up the cells, and in all probability prove fatal to the innjafee of tlje hivp.-^FAe Welcome. " CftBifjoiy."— 4-8 Previously announced, the Kadina Choral Society produced Hay^n'g Oritorio, " Creation" at Kadina, ifoonta, and Wallaroo on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursr day evenings respectively. The Society lia«3 been at particular pains in training the choruses, and in .addition to this secured tbe eerrip/jf of fifias Bessie Royal and Mr H. G. j Mash, of A<Jeli»jde. -£3ut whether the music loving public bad expende.4 ®U fhejr spare cash in viewing the comicalities of a travelling company -which visited the towns a few days previously, we know not, but the fact remains jthat the attendances at the " Creation" were lamentably small. This is certainly a' poor return to 'make thoeff who hare given their time and talents to the atadjr sf, pnp of the most elevating of the 'arts, with-3the view of conferring a benefit on the general community, gut so far as the performances are concerned •it moat t>£ said that although they have not commanded. success tljey hare deserved it. Wo need ppt repeat the Jengtliy njotice tyhicU we gave of^the prodnction of this oritorio by the £adiaa Society, but it is only fair to eay that t ie i uprovor.ieiu uotioeable in the solos rendered by the local amateurs could only have been the outcome of long sad care ul eiudy. A n.l, of course, the presence of Rtis3 Besain Bmyni and Mr Nash lent a finish to tho performance, which~at; iJid- iiot posMms' before. Those who attendee! certainly hada treat whish they are not likely to -have an opportunity of securing locally for a long time to come unless public taste iu this improves rapidly. * C"JBED OF Sk"BP—KliiLINGK—A dog tliat had once learned the trick of miking mutton is usually regarded as incorrigible; but the Santa RoBa Democrat reports one radical cure, and describes how the case was treated. It appears that one of the oldest residents of that city, who is fond of shooting, and prides liimself on his Hned«g6 and guns, bought a "purp" which had been represented to him as invaluable in the deer-chase; and eo lie proved—" a finer dog nerer -bayed .«• buok." But he had one fault, a fault which has coet many of bis kind their lives—he would kill sheep. Upon Ibis fact being developed, he was on the point of shooting him on the spot, but he bethought himself that perhaps the trait was not incurable, as has been so often stated; so he lowered the gun from his shoulder, and paid the owner of the dead sheep. A few days afterward he had occasion to visit a friend in the country, and took the dog with him for the purpose of trying his experiment. Informing his friend of bis design, they proceeded to the field where a large flock of Bdeep were feeding. The dog at once pricked up his eais and started for tnem. After he had succeeded in " rounding tbem up," the two tnen came to the rescue of the tiinid animals and singled out a large and well-horned ram. The dog was muzzled and iastened to the horns of the ram by a rope 12 I'set ia length. In a moment the fun commenced. The ram, true to its instinct, made a d tsh to free itself; tbe dog, true to its habit, " made a break" for the ram. Finding that flight was of no avail, the ram turned and made fierce fight. The dog being muzzled was at a disadvantage, and the way he was butted around that field was yery lively. No sooner wou'd he regain his feet than the frantic ram whs upon him, and over be would go, samitiaioi being thrown I Lie length of his rope. At last be weakened, and fltrore to break the? bunds which held him at the mercy of the avenging ram. When the sport was over the dog was nearly dead. From that time he has never offered to molest a sheep. Visit op the Rev 6. Hebditch to the Peninsula. — The Welsh Church at T*ort Wallaroo nud the Congregational Church at Kadina hare been favored with a visit from the much loved and esteemed pastor of the North Adelaide Congregational Church, and Chairman of the Congregational Union of South Australia. On Tuesday night Mr Hebditch preached in the Welsh Church to a large congregation, and on Wednesday after noon the resident minister at Kadini, and the Kovs J. Lloyd and C. Hodge from Wallaroa met in the Congregational Church, Kadina, to vrelcom" the rey. gentleman, when a most enjoyable meeting was experienced. The Rev. John Lloyd being voted to the chair, briefly stated the object of the meeting, and called on one of the brethren to lead in prayer, after which Mr ilebditch requested tbe min isters each to giro him their ideas on some in teresting topics such asthe condition ofChurch life ; the spirituu! status in the district and colony ; their own personal difficulties ia their work aB pastors ; the Salvation Army. The ministers in complying with the request re marked that they could not help saying that, our church life and spiritual status were not what could be desired nor what ought to be. There did not exist sufficient religious appetite in our midst, rendering a quickening, deepen ing and reviving of the spiritual life in the ohurcheB v^ry desirable The Salvation Army was spoken of iu terms expressing grief that i this organisation bad drifted far from its original purpose. Mr Hebditoh in reply { gave good sound advice in a loviug way, and threw out many hints that cannot but be fruitful in helping all christian workers. . With regard to the spiritual life in the churches, he was sorry to say that so far aa his experience went, throughout the colonies, there did lack that high toned spirituality 1 seen and felt in the churches iu the old country—-tlier" lacked religious obligation ; people were indifferent about G-od's bouse—if they attended it was alright, and if not—well, it did not matter, it was all the same. But, said he (addressing the ministers) the spirit can quicken ; go amongst the people, bring <o bear your personal influence, let your sermon preparation be accompanied with very, very much prayer. Go through the close to tho pulpit; G-od will do bis work. In the even ing'of the same day a public service was con ducted by Mr Hebditch, who preached a most interesting and instructive sermon from tbe words in the second chapter of the Acts of Apostles and 41st verse, "The same day there were added unto them about 3000 souls." 