glitter. 4 PUBLISHED DATLX. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1887. \ve bav»m»lve^ copy °^^^Je^£unies and India, a Jjond^J^^^oarnaL It contains a 'eading jfncle and a lettsr addressed by Earl DENBIGH to Sir S. W. GUIFFETH, both pencilled to attract oar attention. The letter of Lord DENBIGH proposes an alternative scheme of land settlement to that originally proposed to the MclnvRAiTH Government, but more involved and objectionable. The lead ing article labors to establish two con dusions. < Firat, that»ne Government: is bound by the acts of its predecessor in all high principles of Government, | whatever that may mean; and second, that the Queensland Government, by re fusing to pay £16,000 claimed by the Denbigh syndicate on preliminary surveys for tbe Transcontinental rail way, were guilty of »n act of repudiation which Is calculated to discredit the colony, with English capitalists. No doubt Earl DENBIGH, who is as poor as a rat^mtlfhls correctors in the K>»ramp project, ane sore because the Gbeffith Ministry refused to sanction the M(Ii> waiiTH promises, and it, is not to be wondered at that they should try all expedients to get that £16,000. It would be -waste of time to enter on an argument in refutation of thefirst point. " Acontiijuity of policy in all high prin cipJes «f Government" may be very desSrable, but experience in all countries shows that no snch continuity baa ever been attuned. The determining force of the policy of any Ministry las been the will of the people expressed at the elections. In tbe case of Queensland this wiil was definitely expressed against the landgrant railway system. It may not be, the best for English commercial enterprise or political progress, bat the fact semains. The colony was almost unanimous in its verdict against: this land grant pystem, and tlierei»eal of tbe Act authorising such' land giants fol lowed as a natural consequence. English capitalists look atthis question only fi om the point of self-interest, of profit to themselves, batthe electors loqk beybnc that and consider whether such a sys'eoa woiddte best iot tbe wfellbeing of the colony. They seie in it ^revival of the Accused landlord system of Ireland; of tbe land monopoly rwliicli ilie «ail way syndicates of the States b >re secured, crippling trade '^dconiineree, and ab solutely lujjpg;; ;^e,V country. *Hie Government.which .rej<eal<>d that Act deserves veil of .the country, and if it hadgone further and proclaimed the UD^rer«ilitjr of_ the leasing principle it w&uiW;'haVe groped Its titlp /to true GRIFFITH Ministry. IfiSSiis&r; impulse of narrow ! ^Mwp^ing. and cared nothing for the uluroaiei.gDi^ t,f the colony. MCIl V RMT»,KrMBKR, andI>EKBIGH had to be checkmated t. that was the be-ail of the GRIFFITH policy. The article in the * CtilotaBS' tantl India leferriog t<« ihe action of tbe. GRIFFITH ilovemfirait iayf trr-r , ®fce :«oatentioa rf the present QuiensW: fifflrammit is that they «in recognise no tiifferejice between Hie expenditure incurred fry "jthiseyndicate and^ttiat incurred by unj other feody tpwqlafa'w .-capitalists who de ~sired to jpecure a coacession or purchase apro perty, Bnfc .there is.a great deal of force in "tlie JC^Ilv oE^te Sjotticatej that there is a ve^y wiik Jifereiice' bdweai Ibe^caae a! -peraopfej ^wli'o initiate =proc«,edings and incur'«cpense preliin0ia»y|to ebme pnvate speculation, and ' at tie invitation of a -Govern meat' conveyed |»y an Act of Us Parliament. Th6 consideration, liowerar, which it appears to ns should weigh very strongly witli the Colonial Government and people "is, whether the reputation of -the colony will not suffer as' mnch by the complete and sudden change of purpose displayed in connection with the land grant system as by any application of that ill omened word "repudiation." Thetwo points together are not likely to reassure in tending investors in the colony. We do not for a moment mean to throw any doubt upon the ability and the willingness of the colony to meet all its financial engagements, bnt what we wish, to urge is tbeloss which the Colony will suffer if it checks the legitimate enterprise of English capitalists. The histoid of thfc case shows that four years a^o a sub substantial English company had sufficient faith in the future of the Colony 11 spend£l6,000 in preliminary surveys connected with a railway, for the large coat of the construction of which it was only to be paid in land, whose ultimate value depended upon Hie success of the railway. This fact is an eloquent tribu te to the soundness of the resources of the Colony, and it will be a blow to the prospect of developing those re sources if the feeling spreads abroad that the people of the Colony may adopt a particular policy one year, and that a year later they mav change their mind, gire a ?' n.andate'' in the opposite sense, and, " with a light heart," tfirow overboard everything done, on their own invita tion, through their former representatives.. Xn connection with tins particular case, it only remains to point out that the faith of the - Syndicate in die opening which Queensland presents for the useful employment of capital is not shaken by the attitude of the Government in regard to the construction of land-grant .railways. The company has made a proposal for the settlement of some of the vacant lands of the Colony on conditions similar'to those enunciated by Mr. E. Kimber, M.P, and have submitted a definite scheme for testing tiie practicability of the system thus suggested. The terms .of this proposal are set forth in another column, and we commend them, to the careful consideration of all who are interested in tie work of colonisation-a work which, if judiciously carried out, must result in the common advantage of the country that gives and the " country that receives the colonising material. | We do not agree with the writer, and bold tLat the Queensland Government was perfectly justified in rejecting the j ITmrRiiitt proposals. The English" capitalists knew it was a speculation1 liable to come to grief bj political storms, and they risked their money on the'ehance of M CIlwraith remaining in power. The chance went against them, and they Jost their money As for any loss of credit among intending specu lators in England, it is purely imaginary. JTot withstanding the rejection of the DENBIGH} proposals and of their claim for £16,000, which they call " repu diation," the credit of Queensland never stood higher in the estimation of English capitalists. There are some millions sterling of English capital now invested in Charters Toweis mines, and on what tenure are those mines belt! ? On an annual lease under an Act ofPadiament. There is no absolute certainty that <hat Act may not he repea'ed; ytt the English capitalists trust to chance for that, and risk their moner. As for the new .proposal ot the London synd» ' cate, which appears in another coln^n, it is more objectionable than tlie^st and has not a ghost of a cjfonce of bang accepted. This colour. choose its own immigrants and^ggfctle them on the lands. Englist may £uss "Sn3r 48Sft^8S^|Siianthropic schemes for settling on Queensland soil the over plus of the British people; bnt this colony will not part with its tight of choosing for itself what class of people shall settle here. When the State becomes the universal landlord and leases all lands, then we may expect to see a state of prosperity inaugurated which no colony has yet witnessed. This revolution can be effected only by the united effoits of the miners and the working classes of the colony. 