ibunior. BUI Nye's Budget, BOILS. I am just having a highly humorous expo rience with boils. To others this announce, meat will oomo. with no element of 'sadness, perhaps, but to me It brings a thrill of the Keenest and most poignant anguish, A mm might go all over to whole country and not flna anything moro poignant thuntheso bolls seem to me. There aro seven of these little blossoms, and they hang in a ripe cluster on tho back of my ncok, about two inohes below wbat the phre nologists call love of home. I had never brought out a boil until last week, though I have led a very chequered life, but one morning I awoke to find myself tho paront ofsoven cunning little red-headed bolls about the size of a pumpkin-seed. They aro small, but, oh, how reatless they are, and how'they strugglo with each other for supremacy 1 ' People who live here gay that these boils aro a result of tho climate, The air hero is especially 'caloulated to bring out anything In the line of latent humor, A man who had beon running a humorous weekly paper in the far West came hore and in two weeks ho broke out so that his friends had to do him up in a poultico seven feet long. I am not doing much for these boils, be eauaa I want to teach them to be self- reliant and depend upon themselves. One of them was a puny little thing at first, and I felt sorry for it when my friends told me about it. I cannofi seo these boils, of course, as they are not in the direot line of vision, being on the back of ray neok, So I get a friend one I can trust~-and I let him come and tell me how they are doing from time to time. This little boil at first did not bid fair to hold out moie than a day or two, but yester day it began to throw aside its lethargy and to realize that life is real. It is fully abreast of the othors now, and has a large and very active drater on it. For threo days I put various things on these bolls; among others soap, sugar, the white of an egg, flaxseed, bread and milk, bread and molasses, etc,, etc., etc. There were other things recommended, but as the bolls were all In a cluBter I had to trv one thing at a time, With seven boils well dis tributed I might have tried.several remedies at once, but I did the best X could, In three days I have rendered four pound's worth of groceries entirely useless to the coaeuraer, Bolls visit the rioh and poor alike, the humble and the exalted. They are not a mark of greatness, for bolls frequently come to the obscure and the unknown. They do not come with the seeking, and they aro not to be obtained by study or effort. Bolls fall to the lot of many whoso lives would other wise be void of incident, To such they are indeed a great benison, or may be used as such. How many people do, we know who have naught else to show us In the way of progress, but a kind Providence has bestowed a boil upon them now and then, wfclob they can exhibit as an evidence that they" are not remaining absolutely stagnant ? The felon also is a queor article, the use fulness of which has not been thoroughlyimade dear to my mind, There are ninety-eight different things that arc good for a felon, each of which will make it acho first-rate, and that seems to bo the principal object both with felons and boils. Some cut the1 finger open In treating a felon, and scraps the bone with a corncob or a wood rasp. About the only way to oure a felon is to seriously injure tho Anger and then cure tho injury* Printer Joe.-1" Printer Joe," said the conductor, was a hard one to'stand off, and wits known among railroad men all over the country, I don't bolievc that fellow would pay his faro from one station to the next if he had a fortune in his pockot. It's against his principles." An Interested/lot of listoners had now gath ered around, and a desire'to hear more of the famous Joe, having been expressed, the con- j duetor went.on as follows : " Well, among the thing which I remom* ber of him was tho way he beat me wljen I was running a Baltimore and Ohio train into Cincinnati a few years back,1 It was an ac eomodation train-that is, not one of tho fastest-and stopping pretty often. The ex-, press on that line was fast in those days, and I guess it is still. Well, one day I found Joe aboard. He was riding in tho car next to the baggage. I saw him at onco, but didn't appoar to recognize him, although I knew him all tho same. So I said to him, "4 Ticket,' Ho looked at m& in a rather amused way and protended to pay no attention to me, But I insisted upon the ticket, whereupon he took me aside and said : " My friond, I observe that you are a are new man on the line and don't know me. I am Director --., of the Baltimore and Ohio, and, of course, have free transportation oyer tho road J1 " I was vexed and told him I understood his game, and that if he did not got off at the next station he would have reason to re pent, He readily promised to get off, and kept his word, for i saw him walking away from the train. I was glad to be rid of him . so easily,fand you may imagino my chargrin when i came upon him again as I went through'the train. I said nothing this time, but whon we camo to the next station, I put Mr, Joe off in a way which was much' moro forcible than polite, It was of no use, At every station I had to go through tho same process, and once I stopped between stations, although we were behind time, and threw him out of the smoking car. We pulled out as fast as possible, but he caught on to the last platform, and at tho next stop he stepped off looking as well pleased as if he had been riding on a Pullman, I was so mad when I saw him that I swore ho should go no farther, and when we were ready to start I took him by the collar, tripped him, and held him down till the train had started. I then ran and caught the last car. I was triumph ant, and from the rear platform shook my fist at him as he stood disconsolate two hun dred yards behind us. " I saw no more of Joe until we got to Cincinnati. I was standing by tho train as the passengers were getting off. when I felt mysolf touched on the arm, Turning around I saw Prlntor Joe! Ho said coolly ".Captain, I've got a match ; if you will lend mo r cigar I'll smoke,' . " I was outdone, and not only gave hira the cigar but said that I would give him his dinner if he would tell me how lie bad man aged it. He agreed, and in a neighboring restaurant he explained that he had caught the express and got in ahead of my train," Criticism aB is Criticism.-Col. " Pat' Donan doesn't like tho play of "Hamlet." Hear the eloquent adjeetivesiinger: " I have no patience, much less sympathy, with a wretched weakling who goes around jabber ing at dilapitated old ghosts in tin helmets and green gauze veils, under bogus moonlight; everlastingly threatening to do something, and never doing it; driving bis sweetheart to lu nacy and a catfish death, by his dime-museum freaks; making stump speeches to skulls and grave-diggers; going into all sorts of he-hys terics ; aud at last, running a section of bar bed wire fence, in the most approved Chica go pig-sticking style, through bis dead girl'B brother, and dying himself, to slow fiadle music, amid a general carnage of lunatics and wreck of absurdities," Senator-elect Regan* accompanied by a vigorous Republican member, was going on a tour of inspection through the elegant new quarters of the Jefferson Club recently, xaak ng various pertinent comments. < Mr. Whistler, the eccentric artist who continues to "disappoint two continents," appeared at tho opening of the Grosvonor Gallery exhibition, wearing yellow gloves, a yellow necktie, carrying a yellow,cane, and having a yellow Bilk handkerchief . sticking _ out o£ hia breast pocket, 