GROUPING ROSES. The practice, once so general in large gardens, of planting only single examples of a great number of varieties of roses \& leBS preva lent than it used to be ; but there is still room, even in many so-called -roseries, for much bolder treatment in the macter of planting in oider to take full advantage of the great capabilities of the rose for making our gardens gay. A bed of roses, in which each plant is different from the other, cannot produce a very Btriking or harmonious effect; the plants wiil all be of different heights and siznu. anri fchnir variouB flowers will never be expanded at tbe same time. As the number of varieties that bave brilliant flowers and also a good constitu tion is not unlimited, th+re must be a consider able admixture of dull colors to mar the effect of thoee that are bright and pure ; while if, as is generally the case in such rosebeds, the trees have in the firtt instance all been studiously flatted at equal distance?, there «ill, accord ing to tbe varying vigor of the different indi viduals, be here a crowd and there wide gaps. If, on' tbe other hand, six or more plants of a variety be grouped together, a brilliant display will be readily obtained. From « knowledge cf the habit cf the particular rose the trees may be planted at such distances apart as to ensure the furnishing of the bed without undue crowding. The flowers on all the plants in each group will expand practically simultaneously ; and as by such arrangement fewer sorts will be required, only tbe very best and brightest varieties need be grown. In large beds irregular groups of from six to 30 plants of each variety make a striking display of color, whether seen from close at hand or at a distance ; but if the roses are grown in numerous adjacent beds of less size and various -forms it is a good plan to fill each bed with plants of one variety. Nearly all classes of roseB furnish some varieties that are first rate subjects for massing in this way, whether teas, hybrid per petualf, summer, or other roses. Beginning With the hybrid perpetuala af the moat gene rally cultivated class of roses, the best six sorts fertile south of England are probably Alfred X. Williams, Baroness Rothschild, Charles iefebvre, La Fiance, Madam Gabriel Luizet, and Violette Bouycr. The first-named is ua joipeactftfcle on the score of color and form, even the small blooms often prodaeed on twiggy growth or late side shoots being as well finished as the finer flowers from the stout wood; the plant blossoms early and abun dantly, iB sufficiently vigorous, the flowerB open well in sunny weather or in dull, and are developed in the autumn more freely than thoBe of almost any other variety in the class. In fact, in Alfred K. Williams the late M. Schwartz may be said to have sent out a rose more nearly answering to the French raisers' favorite description of 'possessing all the ? merits' than any other hybrid perpetual. , Baroness Rothschild also is a very free : autumnal variety, and its value is enhanced by : the fact that the stoutness of its petals enables ! its charmingly fresh-tinted flowers to endure exposure to a considerable amount of rain and vet without loss of color. The stiff, upright ' habit of growth of this variety causes the plant to occupy but small space, and the plants may | safely be planted not more than \\\ feet apart. It would be unreasonable to object, on account of its want of fragrance, to a rose selected for the purpose of making the garden gay rathpr than for supplying cut flowers ; bat if the Baronesfi's one reproach of scentlessness be re garded a8 a fatal objection a worthy substitute may be found in Prince Arthur, the beautiful dark crimson form of General Jacqueminot, introduced by Mr. Benjamin Cant in 1875. Charles Lefebvre, as tbe catalogues have it, ** eo well known as hardly to need description,' when at its best is still unsurpassed in its color, ' and its happy propensity for not unfrequeutly | producing late in autumn flowers hardly leas pei feet in form and tint than those expanied in fcummer is worthy of note. La France, too, the freest flowering of all autumnal roses except the pure teas, truest of hybrid perpetuals as the most fragrant, hardly betraying, when well cultivated, the lurking lilac tint which seems to be the fatal heritage of so many hybrid teas, although clearly showing its mixed race by its habit, and by the great branching trusses of bloom which crown the sucker-like shoots that spring from the.base of the plant, is deservedly placed among the greatest of 'the great roBes,' being fair in form, bountiful as fair, and strong as bountiful, flowering early and late, and bringing to a high perfection a larger number of flowers than any other rose in culti vation-— a number which might have seemed incredible for a variety whose blooms are liable to expand somewhat rapidly under a hot sun, and to which, from tile texture and multiplicity of their petals, there accrues con siderable danger from wet. Madame Gabriel Luizet is an extremely vigorous grower, and produces an abundance of flowers of a tender and unique rose color. This variety at one time did not seem likely to prove an autumnal bloomer, and some rosarians were disposed to regard it as a hybrid China, an opinion strengthened by the liability of the plant to mildew; but established cut-backs flower a second time, and throughout the autumn of 1886 correspondence was frequent on the number and beauty of blooms of this rose pro duced in various parte of the country. While cone of the other varieties mentioned need be planted more than 2 feet apart, there should be 3 feet between the plants of Madame Gabriel Luizet in order that her 'ample charms' may be satisfactorily displayed, and thus generously treated she will afford an immense wealth of her peculiarly delicately-hued blossoms. Vio lette Bouyer, in addition to being one of the most good-natured of roses, is by far the most attractive of the white hybrid nerpetuals : not always so white, perhaps, as Merveille de Lyon (though a snowy bloom is now and then ob tained), but in grace of form and growth it al ways excels the 'Botbschild Ghost.' whose complexion could hardly be expected to be otherwise than a somewhat dead white. It is undeniable that the flowers of Violette Bouyer are often washed with a faint tinge of pink on the outside of the petals, but they may be practically regarded as white, and are beyond question beautiful. The variety is described by its raiser, M. Lacharme, as a seedling from Jules Margottin, and it inherits its parent's good qualities of hardiness, vigor, freedom in flowering both in summer and autumn, and fragrance; if it were only exempt from mildew it would be without reproach. If more varieties in the same section be required for effective massing in the garden the follow ing are all first rate for the purpose : — Alphonse Soupeit — deep rose and very free flowering; Alfred Dumescil — a brilliant and handsome j rose far too seldom met with ; Captain Christy ; Catherine Soupert — a useful light rose which often makes a greater effect in the garden than man; other varieties of its color, owing to the j protection from the raids of fair fingers which is afforded to its blossonrs by the numerous strong prickles tbat cover the wood ; Dake of j Connaught (Paul)— a hardy and good dark crimson rose which might well be more gene rally grown; Dupuy Jamain ; Jules Margottin ; Marguerite de St. Arnand; Marguerite Ae } Roman— very free- flowering and very lovely, j though not a tall grower, and one which, like j the four following, need not be planted more j than li feet apart ; Marie Finger ; Marquise de ' Castelfane ; Merveille de Lyon — a fuller flower than White Baroness, bat not always more effective in the garden, owing to the greater j ability of the laittr to resist the effects of wet j and to expand without being discolored in rainy weather; Rosieriste Jacobs — a valuable dark rose, fkweriag freely in autumn ; and Ulrica Brunner — almost an evergreen, growing like a willow, carrying its handsome foliage through tie driest summer, practically exempt from I mildew and one of the few varieties of hybrid ' perpetuals which in the trying season of 18&- successfully resisted the attacks of orange fungus, and produced flowers large and bright in abundance both in summer and automu. i All these roses, with the exception of White - Baronees, are among those most highly prized by exhibitors as furnishing the perfectly -formed flowers necessary for prize-winning at rose showB in these days of keen competition ; but there are three hybrid perpetuals which, though kicking the regularity of form and outline de manded by florist judges, cannot nevertheless be omitted from a selection of varieties in tended for inspection in their natural position growing on the plant rather than in an exhibi tion tent. Two of these have already attained to a respectable age, having both been sent out in 1859. the third making its appearance exactly ! 20 years later. The first of the twins iB Anna ! Alexieff, a most attractive, bright, rose-pink flower, abundantly produced early and late, and which, although it opens rather flat, does not lose color on expanding ; the plant is hardy and handsome, tbe bright green foliage being well set off by the brown stems, and for making a large, bold group no variety would be more striking. Tbe second twin, Eugene Appert, is one of the handsomest foliaged roses ever raised, and if its flowers are somewhat flat and short-petalled their maroon-crimson coloring is unquestionably gorgeous. The third variety referred to is Pre'f et Limbourg, a very free growing, branching plant, which produces— on shoots apparently too slender to carry anything much, but in reality very hard and stiff— a pro fusion of deep crimson, purple-shaded flowers, tree, and being exceptionally fine and well colored in autumn. In a cool season this rose gives flowers sufficiently full and well-formed to admit of their being successfully exhibited, and it ib further worth growing as being hardy and fairly exempt from mildew. Any of the above-named hybrid perpetuals, if worked as dwarf plants upon brier cutting or seedling stockB, will make handsome groups and a bright effect of color in the garden ; and though most of them produce flowers perfect enough in form to satisfy the keenest critic from the florist's point of view, this need deter no one who is prepared to give bis rose trees any cultural attention from growing them, as they are aleo among .the best-constitutioned, most constant, and most truly beautiful of all roses, — T. W. Gibdlest one, in the Garden, ? m . We have received some samples of dried j fruits and vegetables prepared by Spawn's climax fruit and vegetable evaporator. Tnisia | a newly-invented form of fruit-drying ? apparatus introduced to the Melbourne public - a short time since. The Argus reporter, who witnessed the drying of fruit and vegetables by the new process, in an article on the evaporator sayB-^'As the entire process of paring and drying apples ocoupies only an hour, all who are interested in the prospect of being able thus to utilise a portion of their crops can soon learn the whole art. There is, indeed, very little to learn, Under Mr. Spawn's tuition any person of ordinary intelligence can turn . out Bamples of; dried apples, pears, prunes, raisins, carrots, turnips, potatoes, celery, and any other fruit or vege table equal to the best in the regular trade. \ Tbe extent of the drying being under perfect I control it will be possible to remove the mois ture, even from such vegetables as carrots, turnips, end celery, so completely as to permit of tteir being ground to a dry powder and bottled for use on shipboard or elsewhere at any season of the year, for flavoring soups, &c.;' The samples we have received fully bear out these latter remarks. The inventor states that an evaporator 5 feet by 6 feet, and 7 feet 8 incheB high, will dry from 30 to 40 bushels of apples in 24 hours. As there is a great demand for evaporated fruit and vegetables in England and elsewhere, this evaporator should pruve a boon to fruit and vegetable growers. 