CHAPTER IL Mrs. Eliza Blumpett, housekeeper at Rother bam Towers takes up the " wondroas tale." Dear, dear, to think that I, Eliza Blum pett, hoQBekeeper at the Towers, should live to hope to see myself in print, and at my time of life, too! Bat what wouldn't I do to § lease my late master, Mr. Figott, and my ear young master, Sir Tristram Rotherh&m;, and to oblige that kindhearted, cpenhauded, prim, precise, fussy old baohelor, Lawyer Leather head. 1 have heard it said that a good-natured man is a fool, and if that's the oase Lawyer Leatherhead is about the biggest fool golnp, but for all that be has got a fair ?hare of common sense and shrewdness. Believe me, yon had better make no mistake on that point. Well, now, however am I to tell my part of this story? "Make it ooncise," says old Lawyer Leatherhead, "don't ramble too much, just tell 'em what you know, and in aa few words and simple language as you can. Whatever you do don't try fine writing, and above all things keep to the point and don't ramble." Fudge I Ramble, forsooth, why if then ever was a long-winded old gossip that Lawyer Leatherhead is but never mind about him, now, let me make a start. So here goes. I have been in the service of the family of Rotherbam Towers ever since I was a young bit of a girl of thirteen, and no w I am-never mind what age. Father kept the Griffin Inn at Rotherham, and I was his only child. Mother had been under-housemaid at the Towers in old Lady Broadmere's time-Sir Gilbert's mother-and I have heard her say that her Ladyship was very much put out with her for marrying into the public line. ! So when mother died of cauoer, and father took to horeeracing and drink, and soon after took to bia bed, and then was took to the churchyard, her Ladyship, who was then a widow and living with the young Sir Gilbert, eent down lor me to come up to the To vers, and made me a kitchenmaid there. And when I had been in service at the Towers for a little better than a twelvemonth her Lady ship died herself; and I said to myself as I pat on my new black frock for her faneral-and a lovely funeral it was, 1 well remember-says I," Well, sure enough, Kliza Muchmirah" -for Muchmareh was my maiden name "you have lost your best friend now." Bat llidgely, who was housekeeper at that time, was a bind soul, and she kept me on and took notice of me and pushed me forward, and in a year or two I was a smartish girl, though I say it as shouldn't, and a good looking wench too, but always knew my place, and was contented with my station. .And when I was going on for eighteen Midgely advanced me to be under-house maid, and that is when I first began to see 'anything much of young Sir Gilbert. Ah, a fine handsome gentleman he was, too! with a wicked laughing blue eye. and a face to make many a silly girl's heart ache. But bad, not he-what ia the nee of listening to the scandal snongering tongues of a lot of old tabbies in a country town; of course he sowed his wild oats like all other young men with plenty of money, and a grand estate and a title to their names: bnt he wasn't a downright bad 'un, as I have heard Borne of them in Rotherham try to make out- not before me, though. I should just like to catoh 'em at it I And what wrong he did he suffered enough for it, .poor gentleman, and that's exactly what I -am going to tell you about. Blumpett, poor Joe Blampett, my husband, that died by being thrown from a horse on the third anniversary of oar wedding day, was Sir Gilbert's sort of private and confidential .groom. Poor Joe and me were keeping com pany on the sly at the time of which I am just going to speak ; and one morning Joe comes around to me on the weBt terrace where I was dusting some odds and ends out of the white drawing-room, and says he in a hurried whisper, for fear of Midgelv, who was terribly strict with as girls-and quite pro per, too, lam so myself- says Joe, "Liz"-he -always called me Liz-" meet me at the shoe maker's in the town this evening, manage it bo as to be there, I've got something down right serious to say to you." "All right, -Joe," said I, "it's my evening out, so I'll be there," and then Midgely come along jingling her keys, and Joe vanished. But I finished my work in good time, and at half-past 7 I was at the shoemaker's, buying a penny bootlace, just for the look of the thing, when -Joe came strolling past the window. Directly I got outBide, " come along," says he, " along the London-road, I've got something uncom mon serious to say to you." " Good graciouB," aays I, "is Queen Anne dead ? Any one would think the world was coming to an end next week, you look so solemn over it; well, what is it ?" But I couldn't get another word out of him, he waB never a very talkative man, poor Joe, until we were well along the London-road, -and then when we come to the stile at the footpath leading across the lower meadows, he said, very nervous and stammering like "Liz, fact is, Liz, I've got something most precious serious to say to you; don't interrupt line, Liz., or else 1 Bhall never get it right for 1 was pretty well sick of hiB "something downright and uncommon, and most precious .serious"-" Fact is, Liz," he blundered along, "Sir Gilbert-but, first of all, no telling any body; solemn oath, Liz-Sir Gilbert, he is thinking about marrying-a runaway match -and he wasts me to try and get you to travel with the lady as maid, and-and I am .going with him as man, and, fact is, Liz, Sir Gilbert thinks, as we are fond of one another-" " Well I'm sure," Baid I, tossing my head, 41 anything else in a small way?" " Well, ycB, there is something else, Liz, bnt don't interrnpt please, or I shall never get through it," says Joe, "and so says Sir Gilbert, as we are fond of one another-now ? don't interrupt-he thinks it would be a capital plan if you and I, Liz, were to get married as well, and both go up to London and on the Continent with him and his lady, comfortable like" " and I am of the -same opinion," says Joe, as a kind of sum nling np to his speech. "And lam of quite the opposite opinion, says I, firing up, and so I'll wish you a very good evening, Mister Joseph Blumpett," and I turned to walk away. Now, nothing made Blumpett so cross as for me to call him JoBeph, he couldn't abear the name, and always vowed he was rightly -christened "Joe," so of course knowing this, and being a woman, whenever 1 wanted to particularly aggravate him I always called irim Joseph in full, and made as much of a mouthful of it aB ever I could. " Don't call me out of my proper name," -says he, coming after me and catching me by the waiBt; " look here, listen to me, Liz, -and don't be so skittish." " Skittish ! Mister Blumpett," Bays T. "Well, so hoighty-toighty, Liz, and call 'me Joe. Look here, if you and I agree to go 'to Cburch together and bs made one next week and go up to the town house directly afterwards and get the place a bit straight for Sir Gilbeit and his lady, and go across to France with them as man servant and lady's maid, why he will give us for a wedding present a hundred golden sovereigns cash 'down. Now, turn it over in your mind for tfive minutes while I sit on the stile and have a bit of a smoke, and don't speak too quick, and the hundred golden sovereigns shall be yours, Liz, for a cest-egg. Now, just think it over." Well, of nourBe, Joe was true and fond of me, ana there's no denying it I was true and fond of Joe, and a hundred golden sovereigns was a lot of money for a young woman like me to call her own, and the wages no doubt would be liberal and the place easy, and I always had wanted to see foreign parts, and so, although I didn't half like this story of Sir Gilbert's "lady" and the ''runaway match," which Joe bad got so pat upon his tongue, still I thought if I waa Joe's wife no iiarm could come to me, and it was a pity almost to lose such a good chance. And that's how I turned it over in my mind. And when I had got it right Bide uppermost I -crept quiet up to the stile, and I pat one foot on the bottom croBB-step, and then I coughed a bit of a careless kind of cough, and Joe puffed away at his pipe as uncon .cernedlv as you please, and then I put my other foot np on the second cross-Btep, and gave another make belief bit of a cough, and Joe-he just went on smoking and pretending to take no notice; and then I climbed on the top bar of the stile and eat down next to Joe, and there was only just room for two, and I put my arm in his and with my other hand took the pipe ont of his mouth, and just said, " Well, Joe" AndJoejnst said, " Well. Liz, have yon turned it over in your mind ? And I said, "Yes, and I'm quite of your opinion, Joe." "Allright," said Joe: "now let's have a quiet walk back to the Towers, for I think ' we have had about enough talking for one while this evening." And so Joe and I were married, and Midgely and anybody who BBked wag told that he had got a good place in the racing stables of a Donoaater gentleman, and we went away to London the same afternoon, and that's hot; 1 became maid to Sir Gilbert's rnoaway lady love, Esmeralda, as he need to call her. But 1 knew her directly I caught sight of her, for all her yellow satin and diamonds and rubieB; and a beautiful creature she was. Tall and haughty- looking as a queen, with coil upon coil of rich, thick, wavy black hair and lovely swimming black ejea-witch's eyes I used to sometimes think tney were, and sure enough they had bewitched Sir Gilbert. As for her skin, I never saw such a magnificent skin in my life; it was like the softest, smoothest, Batiny vellum, and of the same pure creamy hue, but not cold and dead white and pallid. Oh, no, for underneath you could somehow seem to see the warm, fiassionate blood flushing and glowing and ighting np the whole face. X thought of her beautiful skin the other day when I was exa mining a piece of our lovely old cream coloured china, and holding it up to the light saw the red summer snnset shiuing through it And her neck, too, like alabaster, and her glorions arms and finely shaped hands, with long tapering fingers and filbert nails, like waxen kernels, and delicate pink finger tips. Such a carriage, auoh rich red lips and dazzling white teeth, such an altogether splendid creature; who could ever mistake her bavins onoe seen her, no matter how she might be bedizened and bedecked 1 And it was not once or twice only that I had seen her with her tribe on Rotherham Hacecourse, telling the carriage folk's for tunes. J net a common gipsy girl and nothing better, bat as proud as a duohess and as ambitious. However, it was none of my business. She wore a wedding ring right enough, and I felt certain snre she had gone through some sort of gipsy ceremony of marriage with Sir Gilbert, and honestly considered herself his rightful wedded wife. And I had got Sir Gilbert's hundred pounds put away in the Bank and mast cany out my part of the bargain, Besides, as I said before, what did it matter to me when I had my husband Joe with me? And " my lady," as of conrse I oalled her, waB a good, kind mistress and openhanded as the day, and travelling through those foreign towns many and many's the pretty presents she made me. Never did I see a young couple so fond of each other; but it was a sort of love that frightened me. Sir Gilbert seemed to be nnder some kind of a spell of her exercising, and bad no more will of his own than a slave when with my lady; and she waB older-a good five years older-than he was, and while his love eeomed to be more of a mad infatua tion her love was a kind of fierce jealous fire. And then, again, she seemed to be never satisfied, always wanting to be on the move-no sooner settled down in one city or mountain village or seaside town, than she mutt be off post-haste somewhere else. " That's her gipsy blood," 1 said to Joe ; and Joe, who didn't like this restless wan dering up and down upon the face of tbe earth, Baid if that was gipsy blood give him Liot'B wife then; and I really do believe poor Joe would sooner have teen me turned into a pillar of salt for feeling sorry to leave Sodom and Gomorrah than have had me always wanting to ramble from Dan to Beersheba. But I soon saw reason to think it was something besides ir.y lady's gipsy blood whioh gave her this dissatisfied craving for movement and fresh places and new faces. She, the gipsy girl fresh from the greenwood and the tents of her people, was consumed with triumph at her conquest of a rich young British baronet, and she was downright eaten up with ambition, and I could Bee that nothing would ever satisfy her but reigning as the acknowledged lady of Rotherham Towers, and taking tbe plaoe in London Bociety to which her rare and mar vellous beauty and her standing as tbe wife of Sir Gilbert Broadmere wou'.d entitle her. And BO I began to Bee clearly enough that she was just keeping her enraptured husband moving from country to country until she at last would weary and sicken him with foreign parts and make him Ion? for the rest and quiet of his English home, and then ehe calculated upon getting her soul's desire and becoming mistress of the Towers. For there wasn't tbe slightest doubt she considered her self his legal wife; and so she was most likely, according to the law of her own people. And a seccnd, though less, reason for this wandering humour occurred to me. She was like one of those Eastern con querors ; she wanted to drag her captive in chains at her chariot wheels; no matter that the chains were roses, still they were ohains, and pretty tight she bad got him bound too. Well, the long and the short of it was i»; last 1 began to dread her and to hite her. I dreaded her lingering dreamy glances, her low, full voice, her smile that made me ready to do anything for her, though I could have almost killed her as she stood and looked at me and smiled; and I hattd ber for her witchlike beauty and her power over Sir Gilbert, She was making him to be despised. Even Joe began to look down upon his master, and all tbe landlords and waiters at the hotels where we stayed-and Lord knows there were enough of them-used to snigger behind their hinds as they smirked and bowed and bade adieu to " Miior and Mil&di;," and 1 oace overheard a conceited " parley voo" who fancied he could speak " Eemdeesh," as he used to pro nounce it, call Sir Gilbert behind his back " P o o-d e l I ' And soon there began to be a change in master; he was just as much wrapped up as ever in his Esmeralda, but he gave me once or twice the impression of a man who was struggling against what_ he knew full well was an unmanly infatuation. And mighcily it pleased me to find he was beginning to wake up out of his degrading dream ; for it was degrading to see an English gentleman making himself a blind slave, a " poodle!" for the love of a black-eyed giosy woman; and a wife who was a true wif j would have been aBhamed to see her husband so humili-" ated in the eyes of a lot of grinning apes of foreign innkeepers and garcoius. And my lady soon saw this change slowly making itself known in Sir Gilbert, and it didn't please her, and so she made bigger eyes at nim than ever, and flashed her white teeth and smiled and tried to bind more cloeely ronnd him thoBe rosy chaioB of which I Bpoke before; and she said one morning in Paris, as they sat at breakfast, " Let ns go to Spain. I am tired of this, and I have always longed to see Spain," " I am sot going to Spain," said Sir Gilbert shortly: *. there are too many cf your" "Eliza, you can leave the room," inter rupted my lady, addressing me with a fiery gleam in her mischievons black eyes. But before I got halfway down the passage I heard stormy words ariBe, and I laughed and conld have danced for joy, and sure enough there had been a row, and my lady looked as black as thunder-thunder 1 pooh ! ? as black as a she-deril-all day, sod Sir Gilbert went about with hia head np, and hia mouth firm, and his blue eye flashing as I liked to see him, and Joe came in at dinner time downright radiant because Sir Gilbert had sworn at him. " It was as good as a glass of good old English home-brewed ale to hear him. swear again," said Joe, " mark my words, Liz; you and 1 will soon finish up this towering about the Continent." But next day things were just about the same as ever. Ana so it went on, master evidently struggling against her fascination, and my lady sometimes losing her hold of him a little, and then again binding him as tight as evei. > And how the end came, as come it did at last, I never quite knew. But we > were in Madrid, for we went to Spain after all, and one morning Sir Gilbert > oame to Joe and me in tbe courtyard of one of those hotels, and says he, > looking awful white, "Joe, pack up my things, and Eliza set your luggage to > gether, and be ready to start witn me for England to-night." "And-my iady, Sir Gilbert," 1 said, sort of hesitatingly, for I saw something terrible had happened. " I said with me," he answered, and turned into the hotel. So X went in and commenced to get my trunk and Joe's paoked, and my lady came into tbe room and sat down on the edge of the bed and watched me, saying never a word, with a cruel, bitter cruel smile upon her lips, and a look in her eyes of-I don't frnow what. I dared scarcely glance at her, and I kept my head down and buried myself with my paoking; but when I happened to come across one of her beautiful presents to me it was no use, the hot tears oame welling into my eves, and I just broke down with a sob, and flung myself across the trunk and bnried my faoe in my arms and had a down right good cry, for though I hated her for her power over Sir Gilbert, and was afraid of her. still nobody who was brought under her influence could help loving her also, even against their wills, and she had been kind to me, and I was sorry to leave her. Yes, and I was sorry for her, too, now that it had come to the last. " Look at me." she said, and such was the power of her voice that I lifted my head and looked up at her directly through my tears, and said, " Oh, my lady, my ladv ]" 11 You fool," Bhe laughed. " You haven't seen the last of me yet. Here, keep this in memory of me until we meet again," and she landed me a little jewelled dagger which Sir Gilbert had bought her in Home. And before 1 could say a word in reply she looked at me long and steadily out of her bold, black eyes, and laughed again a low, mocking laugh, and said, " You fool, you soft-hearted fool!" and swept out of the room. And I never saw her again, for that while at any rate. And so Sir Gilbert and Joe and I came baok to England, and left my lady there behind in Spain. And we lived at the Rotherham Green Lodge nntil my poor Joe was killed, BDd there my little George was born and died a year-old babe. And alter poor Joe's death, Midgely having handed up her keys to tbe great House Steward of us all, Sir Gilbert rode one day np to the Lodge and asked me to be housekeeper up at the Towers. "Bat am X not too young, Sir Gilbert?" asked I. | ''Never mind about your age, Eliza," he said; " you have got an old head on young shoulders, and a wise tongue that doesn't foolishly wag about other people's affairs, and you have bad trouble and experience, and, in fact, I desire you to take the post." I After that of course there was nothing more to be said; so up to the Towers I went, and took up my abode in tbe housekeeper's room, though I am sure I often thought at first it was enough to make her old ladyship and Midgely turn in their graves to see me elevated to auah an honourable post, being, as I was, only a young widow woman, younger than some of my own under-servants. How ever, J did roy duty then, as I have always since tried to do in the situation in which Providence had placed me, and endeavoured to serve my master faithfully and treat those under my employ fairly and kindly. And soon after my appointment aB house keeper at tho Towers, Sir Gilbert brought home hiB young wife-a sweet, pretty dear sbe was, and worshipped her husband's very shadow and the ground upon which he trod. But she waB not one to rear up a long famity of stalwart young Broadmeres. I saw it in her sweet pretty face tbe moment she alighted from the carriage and Btepped across the threshold of her new home. Never could there have been a greater contrast to " my ladj" Esmeralda, the other. Well, I dou't know what the other was like-a beautiful wicked witch I often used to think-and this one was a saint out of heaven if ever one visited this earth. And what a noble, high minded, good, and courtly gentleman she made of Sir Gilbert, such a different in fluence she exercised upon him to that of his gipsy runaway lady love; and although it was plain to all the county that Sir Gilbert simuly adored bis young, fair-faced, pure hearted wife, there waB nothing in this love as in that other which made him Betm lowered in our eyes. Hia love for such a spotless angel could only elevate him in the estimation of all those whose esteem waB worth gaining. Ah, the pity of it, that there are not more women in this miserable world like my lady, and that the few there are seldom stay amongst us long. Well enough might Sir Gilbert, when he lost ber, have carved upon her marble tablet in the private chapel at the Towers this true saying out of Shakepeare She should have died hereafter. Ah, poor thing, she was soon taken away; but why I should pity her I am sure I dou't know, for I was always in terror lest that other one Bhould suddenly appear and destroy her happiness and peace of mind. Tbat sorrow, at any rate, was mercifully Bpared her, and she went home to the angels believing her husband to be as blameless as Bhe in her innocent fancy painted him. Oh, and I could plainly see tbat Sir Gilbert bad sore repented him of that mad delirious dream of his early manhood. He was but 20 when he went away with Esmeralda, the gipsy girl, and «he, as I have said before, was lolly five years older, and possessed of enough force of character and fiery will to have led bim like a foolish boy. In /act, he was but little better. py lady, having presented Sir Gilbert with an heir, Algernon, died a year afterwards in giving birth to the little daughter Gwendoline, and Sir Gilbert was inconsolable for his loss, and took no interest in anything about the house or the estate for many and many a day. And then I began to know-how at first I found it oat I &m; tare 1 cannot say, bat I had a sort of presentiment, a kind of inner con sciousness that that gipsy woman Esmeralda was plotting mischief. I oommenoed to notioe brown- bearded men. members of her tribe, hanging round tbe Towers trying to sell olothenpegs and tinware to the kitchen; and onoe I came upon an old gipsy crone pretending to tell the fortune of one of the ecullery maids, and pretty quick packed her off about her basic ess. And about this time the foolish Maids got Beared about a ghost story of a tall dark figure, b mysterious woman, who was seen about 10 o'clook in the evening to stalk np and down the west terrace, and a frightened whisper got about in the servants' hall of ghoetly rapplngs heard on the library window one night when William, the footman, bad taken in Sir Gilbert's coffee. And William averred that Sir Gilbert had started from his obair and turned ghastly pale, while as for William himself he came down into the servants' hall again by all acconntB "ai white as chalk, and shaking like an aspen." I felt sure it was that woman turned no again, bnt so far T had never seen her myself, nor had ihe troubled me in any way, so I held my peace and waited. And then there began to be mysterious rick burnings on all tbe Rotherham Estate farms, and as all the gipsy folk had dis appeared from the neighbourhood by this time there was nobody on whoni suspicion fell, and the constables were baffled in their efforts to find oat the incendiary. Bat tbe walking of "the shadow woman," as the servants got into tbe way of calling her, on the west terrace grew more frequent as the fireB increased, and there was not a maid who would go outside the house after dark. And Sir Gilbert's face grew paler and paler, and his brow more clouded and troubled, and I knew full well in my heart, although he never spoke a word to me, that it was all because of that gipsy woman having come back. And at last there oame a bigger fire than any on tbe home farm, and the bailiff's child waB burnt to death, and all the district rose indignant and determined to bring tha incendiary to ju Jtico. And Sir Gilbert B faoe grew livid when they came to him the morn ing after the fire and told him poor Good year's boy was burnt. Mover was there euoh excitement in any county before or since for a similar cause gentleman farmers and tenant farmers, all the young men of the place and the game keepers, and even Grateful Peunyboy, the Rotherham towncrier, were out on horseback, and in carts, sod afoot scouring the wooda and lanes and villages for 20 miles round in search of any Buspioiona persons likely to have had any band in these mysterious firts. And then, that very afternoon, came what I had long expected : the fire fiend was found and when tbey brought her, tor it waB a woman, handcuffed and guarded in the letter-carrier's cart, and all hooting and hissing, drove up to tbe Towers, and she was made to alight and hurried into the Justioe's room, and Sir Gilbert took hiB plaoe, as white as ashea, at the table, then, before the door was closed, I caught a glimpse of her face, and it was my lady, the gipsy Esmeralda, She was not long in the Justice's room. They told us afterwards the evidence was very strong against her, and she kept a stub born silence, and was committed for trial. But as she came out again and passed through the hall on her way to the cart and the hooting crowd and Rotherham Gaol, she saw me and gave me a long look out of her black eyes and flashed her white teeth at me and laughed her old, low, mocking laugh, and said in a quick whisper as she Bwept proudly by, "I told you we should meet again, you fool!" For the tears were in my eyes to Bee her come to this, and she so haughty and so beautiful; besides, to see her nnce again made me think of my poor dead Joe and the happy days we spent together travelling with my lady (as I couldn't help calliDg her in my mind) and Sir Gilbert in foreign parts only four or five years ago. And as she walked out of the hall door she glanced back again at me over ber lovely rounded Bhoulder and showed once more her double row of pearly teeth and laughed that scoffing, scornful laugh ; and as I looked at her majeBtic figure and grand carriage I knew full well who had been " the Shadow Woman" of the west terraoe. But whether she was the one who set alight to all those hayricks and cornstaoks and farmyards it would be hard to say. I can scarcely believe myself that she was the kind of woman to stoop to such a petty revenge. Yet when a woman of that fiery temperament is led away under the influence of vindictive spite and disappointed ambi tion, there's no telling to what meanness-to say nothing of jealouay and wounded vanity and wickedness-she will not stoop. How ever the case from the commencement was very black against her, and so she was con victed and sentenced to transportation to Botany Bay or Van Diemen's Land, I am not exactly sure which, but I know it was some where " beyond tbe seas." And she actually laughed-so they told me -as they removed her from the dock, and turned and made a mock oourtesy to the Judge and Sir Gilbert, who had been privi leged with a seat upon the Beucb. And several people said to me they wondered why Sir Gilbert looked BO unhappy and ashen grey all through the trial, and why be covered his face withhishandand seemed to be trembling when that gipBy woman made him her mocking courteBV. But I knew the reason of it all very well, and rarely relieved was 1 in my mind to know that "my lady" Esmeralda would soon be sent " beyond the seas" to the other side of the world out of the way of mischief to the maBter of Kotherham Towers and his infant son and heir. And yet at the bottom of my heart 1 was sorry for the poor, mis guided, wild, gipsy creature and-dear, dear, but she was wondrously beautiful! And perhapB after all she had not been altogether fairly and honestly treated. And often and often, and for many a day after, did 1 think of her scoffing farewell words to me-" You fool-you soft hearted fool I ' And now! think I will lay down my pen here; not becanBe I have nothing more to tell, for 1 could almost fill a volume yet, bnt because I think it is only fair somebody else should narrate what they know about the events following on tbe gipsy woman's transportation, And besides, I expect Mr. Renben Leatherhead-Lawyer Leatherhead, as I always call bim-will be pulling me up { short and accusing me of "rambling," so I had better come to a stop of my own self. And the lord knows it's thankfal enough I I am to drop this scribbling, and I expect I shan't get a decent night's sleep nntil it is all published and I see how it looks in print. Eliza Blumpett, I never expected to see yon turning so vain in your old age; but then, again, neither did I expeat to see myself figuring SB an authoress. There, that job's done at last, and now to post it to Lawyer Leatherhead and then to get about my house keeper's dnties, which have been sadlv neglected sinoe I began to dabble in litera ture. 