Cllckely click. i PBv OUR SPECIAL.] over the poetry iii your lase issue. I , headed c'-VTule, pf the Printer's Stick," it "Btruck me that I could many aa tale unfold of my experiences, in connection with the /)^(^.1(^BK^»jl\;ii«i lights and shadows, for a period of over 40 years, during which I have come ,aoro8a,all sorts and . conditions of men, from the s ambitious politician, down to the -man^hoi has ever a fault td find ¡with the J «'Je««! paper,4' aird üirhá sometimes bums; his fingers ii} atawing.hp.w^ a .newspaper should JM run'; war more on thia hoi e*fter. Aa j many are perhaps ; aware, some journals are conducted «non straight party lines, without the ghost of a smile or " goak " about thein, while some are free and easy, and others out and outers, while' die ideal newspaper, that is to be all things to all men, does not appear to have yet eventuated. As showing the difficulties sometimes experienced in se looting matter, in a humorous line, for the " Printer's Stick " on a straight-laced journal, I may, by way of commencement, quote the following : MARE TWAIN'S LOST IDEA. Mark Twain says the runniest thing he ever wrote came to an untimely end and waa lose en tirely to the world. It waa in his early West ern days, when he waa a reporter on the Chronicle of Virginia City,' Nov. In those daya when the ssloon was the social centre of the t/i«n attrl »lia nmni'no nf o.oVi now nnn & mn fr ter of general interest, it was the custom of the proprietor of a new venture in liquid refresh-, ment to send a basket'of his choicest wares to the newspaper office, and for the editor to re turn the compliment by giving a glowing ac count of the opening. One day a basket of unusally choice wines from a saloon that was to be of an unusally aristocratic order inspired Mark with a brilliant idea He wrote a few lines in straight good English, but the next began to be pretty badly mixed, and as he re presented one bottle after another aa having been sampled, approved, and emptied, he drifted on. into worse confusion, until he finally brought up in an inextricable tangle of in coherency, such as might be supposed to possess the brain nf a mun who had drunk a basket of mixed wine. But when the paper came out he searched it over and over in vain for the cherished article. It ' was not there. But he did find a brief paragraph, setting forth in the most commonplace conventional way imagin able the fact that a basket bf wines had beon received from "Mr. - ? '', that they were very fino, and that we bespoak for him the . liberal patronado ho deserves. J With fire in his eye and profanity on his lips Mark started on an investigation, and soon' settled the blame upon tho head of tho printers. " Why " said tho follow, " I could'nt make head nor tail out of copy, and I concluded Mr. Clemens must have been pretty full when he wrote it. I heard the editor say last week that is he got drunk again he'd discharge him, and I thought if that stuff I got into the paper he'd have to go sure. So I tore it up and wrote this myself. Just thought ¡ I'd save his place for him if *I could." Before this hon«st friend, whose zeal for his welfare. I had not left a piece of his prized article aa big as a nickel, Mark could say no more. But he I could not reproduce it. It had been the swift and brilliant inspiration of the moment, and wa* completely gone; But he mourned long over the fate of what he always believed to be his most brilliant production. Although I do1 not profess to be able to live in the same Street with Mr. Twain, a similar expérience befell me a few years since when engaged upon a leading Brisbane paper. On the off nights* of any of the staff it Waa URllnl tr» erat. n. TVosu tinlrnf. for ans nf f.Via shows running, with , the object of passing away an hour, and the understanding that the person taking such ticket wrote a local on what was to be seen. It fell to my lot, one night, that all the tickets for the theatres were out,, . the ' only.; _one, - available being " Rainer's Diorama of the American War," which had been running over 100 nights, and waa hence nearly played out, having been " written tip " by the staff in every possible way. When the Editor gave me the ticket he said: "Here you are old fellow, you can do what you please about a local ; but I'm afraid it's about worked out." I went, and during the entertainment, which was really very good, the thought struck me to write something on t'of the ordinary groove, i especially as I had ' drawn a prize in the free j gift distribution-connected with the Diorama. I Hence I penned a puff, and. .handed it in to ' the editor, who, being fond of a joke, passed it out into the printer's room for insertion in the next day's paper j but when the said paper came out,' it was'not to be found. On enquiring of the printing manager, he said that he had not inserted it,' for the reason that the outside, public would think that it was a fact, ana tnai me omi» waa umuuwu I upon the lines of the j reporters or specials getting drunk. In the meantime, Mr Rainer I was flying round looking for the new style of local I had promised him ; and the next night, when my turn came to get the paper out, I inserted it, with .the result that the manager, next morning, was going to dis charge all who had any hand in it ; but when Mr. Ruiner came round and thanked the editor for inserting something new that made his Show draw, and took some copiée of the paper, he abated bis wrath, with the understanding, that such a thing should .not occur again, i The article in question read as follows :- . j THE TRIALS or AH Ebrrofi. j »Scene :-A brilliantly-lighted room, furnished en suite, the walls decorated with maps, piles of newspapers scattered around, .and reclining in arm-chair ia seen one upon whose brow grim-visaged care has placed his seal. Time, :1 o'clook in the morning. 1 . i.' .: Editor (foq.) : '« At last imy toil ia over-fron 4 o'clock I have been weaving together the scattered gems of thought which on the break of day will gladden the eyes of the now slum bering world. Now for homo. ' Alas, who would be the slave of the public 'Í " (Lighting a colo nial manufactured cigar!)' " Bother the thing ; somehow these weeds don't draw aa they should do- -there's nothing like a pipe siter all. By the-bye, Mr. -- has never, ahown up from tho diorama yet-he said he'd oblige, with a local ; I'll give him another , qnarter-of-hour, and thon ßo to press. [Heavy footsteps are heard stumbling up the stairs, and entering the edito rial sanctum, furiously smoking a cigar, appears the "Special."] ' Editor : " Ah, Mn --, -, I'd just given you up; thought you had forgotten us." Special : " No, here we are again ! " (striking I a theatrical attitude)- . " IV« just como from the School of Arts, Row Sod it makes me feel To sae again the scones of youth. And thoso I loved so weal." .''Hang care ! been to the par-nor-a-ma, no, the diorama-hoop-do-do-dóódun- do¿" Editor; I see ; how did it go off P You said you'd givo ita a bit of a report.'V - : ! Special í *« A r-o-p-ci-r-'t,'eh Ï Guess I can't fix it ; No, Sirhee ! Not if I know it." : 'Editor But you'l really give us a few lines -just a short notice, you know. ", . \- Special : " Can't do it. . Such a glorioua affair -Everybody should1 aee ' it-going to treat all hands - crowded house - splendid scenery - thousands of killed and wounded-Broadway- - Bowery bhnys-Uncle, sain once again-Hurrah,' ' Hail .Columbia ! happy land;'? j1 . ? Editor : ','I!WeV l^r.,-~4vt yoiii aro quite ex-; cited. Ah, well, I'l write itimyaelf."., , ' ; -, j Special: "The fact ! ia/J lia in " a-merry-koyj .. no, : i Brisbane ;: you ^know what I mean-met) ; two American Oonsina-talked over old tim sa- ' .,1 last »cape affecting-Dead Maren in Saul melancholy-should -wind up with grand alle gorical tableau of America hugging John Bull quite overcome-obliged to trot round the bouses and liquor up-should auld acquaintance be forgot, and never,--" A.; Editor : "Thesight of the old familiar faces j and scenes has been too much for you. It does not much matter, I can supply what is wanted." Special; " You'r a jolly : good fellow, anda gentleman. Yes, Sirheo, I'l bet my life on that?" Editor : " Ab» well my time is up. " Wait a moment, I shall be going home directly." Special: "All serene,; when we go bobbin round, a round ; when wo-- " Editor: "Here then goes for the local." (Writes.) Special : "The refrain of Yankee Doodle ia ringing in my ears. What do you say for a bar or two.* (Sings) "* Yankee Doodle borrows casa, Yirakoo Doodle upends it ; Yankee Doodle laughs, hi, ha, At tte silly fools who lent it," Editor : " Business you know must be attended to. No singing allowed on the premises. Now, who's for home ?" , . Special : " For England home and beauty/ and the lovely yaller gal!-Come where my love lies dreaming, dreaming the happy hours hours away-" (The sounds are lost in the distance as the door closes after them) 