j j " TIM tüUlilSTMAS. CAROL." The Rev. Horatio G. Parker gave a recital of Dickens' " Christmas Carol," in the Synod Hall, I Uri Raglan-street, on Wednesday evening, before a very large audience, and it is not too much to say that such a treat was afforded themes seldom falls to the lo) of li Hobart audience. Front the moment that the rev. lecturer delivered the opening BOtitonco, "Murley was dead, until the close, the audience was hold as though by a spell, and the impression created was so intense that it was scarcely realised that the recital was at an end, and as Mr. Parker stood for an instant only before making his retiring bow, all eyes were turned upon him, as if JJ expectancy of his going on again. The recital was given almost from memory, only now and then was a glance bestowed on the "copy" which lay on the reading desk, at the lecturer's side, and then the words came as if he was giving expression to a his-own thoughts, uttering his own feelings, telling his own story, instead of another's. To criticise Ilia recital would be a hard task, all that the listener could do was to sit and allow himself to be carried away by the spirit which had at first animated the writer of the lines, which his exponent had caught, and which he succeeded in interpreting to his audience. As Dickens possessed in' a pre-eminent degree the faculty of feeling intensely, and transferring the footings to paper with pen and ink, so Mr. Parker possesses in eminent degree, the faculty of catching the feeling, taking it from the printed lines and communicating it to those who listen to his exposition. His conditions appeared irresistibly to the emotions of his hearers, his attitudes, gestures, modulations of voice, his whole being for the time was merged in his theme, and in the swift gradations " from grave to gay, from lively to severe," he caught up the emotion which had swayed the master mind and uavoiturticulatebjing. Thackeray designated the story as the best charity sermon that ever was written, and to borrow a simile from Jud Browning's account of Rubinstein's playing, the exposition of it on Wednesday night was " full of feeling that couldn't be thought." To those who had never before heard Mr. Parker, the opening announcement " Marley was dead " came with striking abruptness, and even caused a start among the lady portion of the audience. The next few lines, which referred to the solemn attestation of this fact by the various witnesses, were delivered with due impressiveness, and then the story passed on to detail the bursting in upon old Scrooge of his nephew, with his jovial, whole-souled laugh and imperturbable good humour, and his surly reception, and unceremonious dismissal by his uncle, It then passed on to the visit of the two gentlemen, and old Scrooge's curt refusal to contribute toward a fund for relieving the poor at Christmas, followed old Scrooge to his home, portrayed his startled recognition of his old partner Marley's counterfeit in the door knocker, and his adventures with the ghosts of Marley, of Christmas past, of Christmas present, of Christmas to come, and then wound up with the end of it all. The dialogue was rendered with vivacity and vigour, the terms of the ghosts' voices had presumably a ghostly sound, and as Scrooge's' heart softened his voice had a softer ring, and even the speaker's countenance changed with the change of character. The whole recital was eminently successful in every particular, and those who had never read the story were let into a glimpse of its beauties/while those to whom it was familiar from reading saw in it features which they had not before recognised. 