*D?r dSbiuiiKu TJie GhosU Abont th«year J8601 w/w on one -?£ *ur Earfisli JndJanbipi bound irwn lirttwi U Calcutta. We arrived off tbe Of«|to Of OwKJ Hopo with fair wentbsr to that puiot, J-ttt pvcry ont -wns on the lookout nw iova blow from nomc Quarter. The perriou-. cveniuj; Wi of tbe loo]«mw doriug tbe nii'lwntoh bud inatsUxl he Ikvi seen the iiyt'ui Jiafehmo.it, aw\ crery OBO knows that when that is tbe wine v. blow or bad weather in BOinc shape in euro to ccunc. And come it did with a vengeance, for tho very next night tbu wind died down to n, calm, then nuddeniy jumped out from-. the nw'wcat bntt-end first. ; Six of the old tars went tumbling up; tbe weather main rising, . and were -urged onwjr ? the gruff TOice of the second mate, a thorough; old sea^iog, -who aang out, ' Ooroe, : bear.*; band there, you lubbers, and -get on :ceeki again !' And on deck they were^^ainBooner. than he or the men expected jforjustrnstbey; lihowed their heads over tie 'htop ' a deep ' sepulchral voice called out, '3la\n hard, Jack!' *ihey wero ataggered, and f or jm in stantieaitated, -when again theiearfuV.^oice; repeated, -rBlow6 hard, Jackl' !That was: ononeb; their superstitions./earB overcame -them, and they did not stop till the deck, ?WBS.rcached. ..;.. . . .-. , ?, '.'??-{. '? Brjthis j.time tie Oaptttiniaridjajatowetfi on.'; acc^, -andwere attoniabedito iscciBbcqf jtbej best -men on ;tbe ship come tumbling aown,, while tho main-top-gallantsail androyal -were slatting in the buntlincs as though they wonld blow away at every flap. 'What's the matter1/ ;Wby JidnH -yon furl thoac Bails ?'«aid- the Captain. -_ . ?':Matter.eB0ugi,'Vsa.id au old salt. '''-Ton don't get me in that main-lop to-night. 1. wanlda't,givc muclif oranyemfi iwno.goes .np, iiticr,forlnot only saw;the. ghost, orwbat everitis, but heard hinvtalk.' This was too much.forthe old skipper. Tie idea of losinjfallhiB sails because there -was ?a ghost in the- matn-top was: too much for.him,. b» he calledrior Toluntecrs, tmd ? startea.trp . tic rigging, followsd :byiistwo -mates only/ :2fotanotherinan would go. Those wioliad been ;apJiad -seen and ieard scnongh, and those whbiadn't did not care to risk it. 'WelL-the old skipperaud ..his mates fared; no better than the men, for hardly hatl their ieads-reacoctl over: the fl top :rim ' than, in :tie same awfnl, .:blood-curdling tones, came ^to'their ears tbe -words, ?? Clows bard, Jack 1' ?and there, right in the '?dubliiis' of the mast, the Paptain ca:ight tight of fwn glar ing eyes, and a long white arm reached down as if -toslutcb him, antl dawn tlicy allBcam -pcTed to tic deckns fast as their legs -would; take them. About daylight the steward discovered that; a pet parrot belonging to ths ssippcr had es-: caped from his-eagc, -and was gone, probably blnwn overboard snd. lost in tltc .gale. Volly had. however, bv hard work, managed to alight in the main-top, where sic had stowed herself in the 'dublina' of tic mast, and was; holding on for dcariiic until she was rescued1 in the morning. glie main-top-gallnnt studding-sail was lashed in the ?weather top-mast- rigging, anii' theclcw had blown adrift, and happened. to flop 'down -at'fcht Captain us 'he went over tho 'top'Vintiie black darkness, arid so was. easily magnified into a ghostly arm, and Polly into tie;frightful gho3t.' ! 