viuC @@i€£R« Information was sent to the city coroner by tbe Tbebarton police on Sunday morning that Mrs. B. Taylor, an old resident there, had died suddenly. Dr. Stewart, who was attending the deceased prior to her death, said that she was suffering from some chronic disease, and tbe coroner thinking the explanation satisfac tory did not hold an inquest. The Minister of Education has received a telegram from New Zealand stating that owing to preBture of business it will be impossible for any member of tile New Zealand Ministry to attend the Postal Conference proposed to be held in Adelaide in January. Mr. Johnson has replied asking that the head of the Postal Department may be allowed to represent the colony at the conference. The birthB and deathB registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, November 12, numbered :— Births — 116 males, 90 females. Deaths— 31 males, 32 females ; total— 206 births, 63 deaths. Excess of births, 143. The figures for the district of Adelaide were— Births— 20 males, 13 females ; deaths— 9 males, 10 females ; total— 33 births, 19 deaths. Excess of births, 14. ThenewIy-appointedProfessor of Agriculture is expected to reach the colony by the snd of the year. Last week the Commissioner of Crown Lands received Mr. Lawrie's testi monials, which show that he has gone through many branches of study with great credit. He is an M.A, and B.Sc, besides having passed in metallurgy, chemistry, surveying, practical agriculture, and other useful subjects, Mr. A. Abrahams, treasurer for the Home for IncurableB, informs us that the strawberry fete at the home on Saturday last proved a great success. The incurables derived solace from the evidence that they were not ' by the world forgot,' and the institution has been benefited nearly £50— a much-needed addition to its funds by reason of a fatltng-off in sub scriptions during the past period of commercial depression. The following is an extract from a letter received by the last mail from Captain Til mouth, an old Adelaide trader, who is now in command of the steamer TenedoB, trading to Asiatic ports: — 'In the near future your wines and preserved fruits will be in great demand here, and another article of value is honey. JuEt now there is a great scarcity of grain in Asia Minor, and some large quantities will probably be required to feed the starving people in the interior.' The following telegram was received by the committee of the Stock Exchange at 10.32 on Saturday morning from the offise of the Broken Hill Proprietary Company in Melbourne: — 'Communications have been received from London to the effect that though all the shares in the British Broken Hill Proprietary Com pany have not been subscribed for, a sufficient number have been applied for to justify the directors in floating the company. — Thos. Eollason, Acting Secretary ' Messrs. C. H. Hussey, M.P., and H. E. Downer. M.P., waited on the Commissioner of Public Works on November 16, and presented a memorial from the several residents in the eastern portion of the hundred of Dudley, calling attention to the bad state of the roads leading from Hog Bay to Cape Willoughby. Mr. T. Willson waited upon the Commissioner on Saturday morning in support of the prayer of the memorial. Tbe Commissioner promised to get a report from Mr, Irvine, Three large ocean steamers— the Essex, Abergeldie, and Port Darwin— left Port Ade laide on Saturday with full cargoes of wool. All the vessels came up the Port Adelaide River, took their cargoes in and left without the assistance of tugs. The draught of the Essex was 19 feet 9 inches, of the Port Darwin 21 feet 3 inches, and of the Abergeldie 21 feet 6 inches. The Port Darwin took away 1,8S4 bales from Port Adelaide, and 858 bales from Port Victor. The Essex took from the wharf 2,748 bales, and the Abergeldie 3,754 bales. . The price of land at Broken Hill is rapidly increasing (says the Silver Age), several allot ments having changed hands during the past week at prices which are indicative of the rapid rise of the town and the faith which many keen investors have in its permanence. One allotment, with a frontage of 33 feet to Argent-street, was sold at £400 ; and an eighth acre facing the tramway reserve was eagerly taken up at £300. Several other sellers are a-fking £10 to £15 per foot. Choice suburban blocks aie finding buyers at from £50 to £100. The Marine Board have published their re tuin of wrecks and other shipping casualties for the quarter ending September 30.. Tae only wreck recorded is that of the Norwegian barque Guldax, of 556 tons register, which stranded off Norman ville on September 2, and afterwards became a total wreck, The cargo was all saved, but partly damaged. The vessel was loBt through want of proper charts - and sailing directions. The property lost or j damaged was valued at £4,500. The vessel was insured for £6,000 when new, and the cargo for £2,300. A meeting of the Irishmen of Port Adelaide \ was held in the local Catholic schoolroom on Tuesday evening for the purpose of establish ing a local branch of the Irish National League. Mr. Dixon read the rules of the league, and it was decided to form a branch at Port Ade laide. The following officers were chosen : — President, Mr. Jas. Healy; vice-president, Mr. P. Sheehan ; treasnrer, Mr. D. Colmau ; secretary, Mr, E Crowe; executive, Messrs. H. Murphy, J. Ledin, McKeough. D. Murpby, P. O'Grady, and M. Crowe, Forty members were elected. Under the provisions of the Adelaide Uni versity Act Sir R. D, Ross, M.P., the Hon. D. Murray, M.L.C., the Right Rev, Dr. Eennion, the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M. A., and Mr. W. R. Boothby, B.A,, have ceased to be members of the University council, and the resignation of the Hon. W. A. E. Weat Erskine, M.A,, M.L.C.,. as a member of the council has been accepted. The election of eix gentlemen to fill the vacancies wil Itake place on Wednesday next, there being three candidates besides the five late membera who retired by effluxion of time, namely, Sir John Downer, M.P., Mr. E. W. Hawker, M.P,, and Dr. J. W. Smith. j.uc j^Mili auu vvuuwen vi wKhuu!* * u«*j «- uu are expected to arrive at Government Housa on a visit to bis Excellency on the 29th inst,, will probably remain until Monday, December 5, when they return overland to Melbourne. His Excellency has issued invitations for a dinner party on the 29tb, a concert on Decem ber 1, and an afternoon reception on the 3rd, in honor of his distinguished visitors. On the evening of the 30th inet. Lord and Lady Car narvon will be present at the Exhibition, on the occasion of the distribution of awards by bis Excellency ; and his lordship, as one of the Royal Commissionew for the Exhibition in London, will be invited to give an address. Old landmarks in our little town are fast giving way before the march of progress asd improvement (says the Northern Territory Times), and one of the oldest atd most familiar buildings io Palmerston has been demolished. All old residents will remember the late Mr. Skelton'a build ing at tbe corner of Smith and Bennett streets ; it was erected in 1873, and was for a considerable time one of the most preten tious buildings in the town. The late pro prietor, who was a stroncr advocate for Chinese restriction, would scarcely rest in bis grave if he knew that his old building was being pulled down, and the material sold to the Chinese, who are fast obtaining complete possession of the town. Early en Saturday; morning an acci dent took place opposite the Institute. It appears that a cab with two horses attached bolted from the North-terrace station - and collided with a horse and cart driven . by Mr. W. Wilson, of Prospect. Mr. WiJeon and a boy named G. Norley, who was with him, were thrown violently out, and the boy was severely injured, while Mr. Wilson re ceived a slight shock. Dr. Campbell, whs appeared on the scene, ordered the boy to be sent to the hospital, which was accordingly done ; and Mr. Wilson was taken to his home. In front of the Jubilee Exhibition the cab also collided with a horse and spring van driven by W, Packer, injuring one of the horses and damaging the van, but no one was hurt. The cab was smashed to pieces. At a meeting of the South Australian Shearers' Unkn, held at the Labor League Hall, on Wednesday, Mr, Hewitt presiding, tbe following resolutions were carried: — 1. ' That Mr. J. R. Ivea, junr., be, and hereby is dismissed from his position as secretary of the union.' 2. 'That the present acting take such steps as they may deem advisable to recover from the late secretary all books, papers, moneys, and other property of the union, and to take such further action on be half of the society as they may think fit.' 3. ' That nonew secretary be appointed at present, but that the present acting members of the committee carry on the affairs of the union until a general meeting to be held in December, when it is understood that the affairs of the union will be thoroughly revised.' The pact of the boring plant promised some time ago for the north-west arrived in the Iiillie Hawkins several day ago, says the Port Augusta Dispatch of November 18, and is now en route for the site of the prospective bore, which is in the Beda paddock, almost 47 miles north-west of Port Augusta and between five and six miles west of Hardie'a Basin. The section of plant already received weighs about' 30 tona, and con sists maisly of tbe framework of a derrick, 80 feet high, which is to be erected. The engine, piping, and drills have yet to arrive, but in the meantime a party of eix have been engaged to ereet the derrick. Operations «o far are tinder theropemBioBof Mi. DriteoSL of the Water Conservation Department, who has been for a ? considerable time stationed on the west aide. The boring operations will be carried on under the direction of Mr. WaddelL A strawberry fete in aid of the Home for In curables was given in the grounds of the estab lishment on Saturday afternoon. The weather was delightful, and a large and fashionable attendance assembled in the groundssurround ing the home and spent a pleasant afternoon. Strawberries and cream and other forms of refreshment were dispensed in a marquee, and the fair vendors were soon surrounded by -a numerous clientele, The Eastern Suburban Band were unable to fulfil a promise to be present. Tbe Police Band ani the Catholic Guild Band kindly gave their services at short notice, and the former contributed some excel lent music. A considerable quantity of artic les manufactured by the inmates were disposed of to the charitably inclined public. His Excel lency the Governor, accompanied by Mrs. and Captain Mecham, was present during part of the afternoon, and expressed himself as highly pleased with what he saw. A return which was laid on the table of the Lower House on Tuesday shows the number of survey parties now engaged by the Surveyor General to be 16. They are engaged aalollowB : —One party in the hundred of Townsend, another in the hundred east of Minecrow, and two more in the hundred east of Peacock are Burveying leases on landB reserved for leasing under the Grown Lands Acts Consolidation Act of 1886. One party at Cotabena, three others in the county of Herbert or adjacent thereto, one in the hundred of Darrenben, and one in the hundreds on the Biver Murray are surveying grazing and cultivation lease blocks under schedule C, Crown Lands Acts Con solidation Act of 1886. One party in the hundred of Monarto is surveying miscellaneous leases and working men's lease blocks, while another party in the hundred of Wiltunga is surveying working men's lease blocks alone. A party at Ral Ral is surveying tbe boun daries of Chaffey Brothers' irrigation colony, roads, and reserves; and two parties in the Streaky Bay district are fixing improvements and sketching natural features on leases ex piring in 1SSS. There are several new notices of motion on the Assembly notice -paper for Wednesday next, Mr. Stock will ask the House to affirm the desirableness of proceeding forthwith with the erection of the Glenelg fort, so that the gun now at the Exhibition may be pUced in its intended position as soon as possible, Mr. Grayson will move — ' That in the opinion of this House country institutes have hitherto formed a very important part of our nation1)! educational system, and it is desirable that the subsidy for maintenance should be pound for pound.' Mr. Bartlett will urge the adoption of the recommendations of the gentlemen sent to examine the Nullabor Plains and the country on tbe west coast. Mr. Moule will move for the offering of a bonus or reward, not esceed isg £5,000, for the discovery of pay able mineral oils within the province. Mr. Furner will move — ' That in the opinion of this House it is de sirable that the' Government should endeavor to arrange with the Victorian Government that, pending the settlement of the boundary question, Serviceton should be regarded as the boundary between the two colonies for Customs and postal purposes. The city coroner held an inquest at the Sussex Arms, WalkerviUe, on Tuesday after noon, on the body of a lad named John Hollingewortb, who was found drowned in the Torrens a few hours previously. From the evidence it appears that the deceased was a son of Mr. Samuel Hollingsworth, a greengrocer, of WalkerviUe, and was in his eighth year. He had been missing all day on Monday, sot coming home for his dinner. A search was instituted and information was given to the police. Early on Tuesday morning the boy's hat and bis schoolbook were found in the Torrens, and the body was dis covered later on with all the clothes on. He was bathing in the Torrens during tbe dinuer hour, and afterwards was engaged hunting a wild duck with a company of other boys when he was missed by his companions. His hat was subsequently noticed floating on tne water by one or tbe boys, but no action was taken, Previous to the recovery of the body the father and a water- policeman dived for a long time, but it was not until the drags were procured that it was found near the Rocky Waterhole. The jury returned a verdict of acsidental death The following is the report of the directors of the City Land and Investment Company, to be presented at a meeting of shareholders to be held on November 28 :— 'In May last your directors expressed the hope that the next balance-sheet would exhibit an improvement as compared with its predecessors ; this hope, they consider, has been fairly realised, the figures of the present statement showing a re duction in the amount passed to debit of profit and loss account of about £2,000, In July it became necessary to make a further call upon the members of 10s. per share, which was made The call was most satisfactorily responded to, and cas enabled your directors to lessen in some degree the burden of interest in respect of the company's mortgages. Your directors have during the half- year endeavored to still further lessen that burden by negotiations for other financial arrangements and for reduction in rates. These negotiations have not yet been successful, but are still proceeding. Your directors have also had enquiries for some of the company's properties, and it is hoped that with the improvement in city properties which your directors believe to have decidedly set in, some of the very valuable land of the company may before long be satisfactorily disposed of.' A meeting of the committee of the Abo rigines' Friends' Association was held at Santo Buildings, Waymouth- street, on Friday, November 18, the Rev. P. W. Cox preaidinz. A present bad been made by the Hon. J. H. Angas of four stud rams, which was acknow ledged with thanks. Other sheep had also been purchased to keep up the supply of rations. Feed was abundant, and all the stock in good condition. The appointment of Miss Hunter aB matron, to attend to the making of clothing and similar duties con nected with the native children, was reported by the sub- committee and confirmed. The report of the finance committee showed the funds to be in a low condition and needing further consideration. The reports of the Rev. Canon Andrews and Mr. G. B, Young, who had visited the Btation at Point Macleay, were read and received with thanks. Tbe com mittee and officers for the ensuing year were nominated for approval at public meeting. The secretary reported that the total net proceeds of 14 bales of wool, last year's clip, sold in England was £170 8s. lid. The clip for the present year amounted to 12 bales. Several draught horses had been raised on the station, and would shortly be available for sale. A report of the Rev, John Roberts, of Victoria, who had nairJ a viRi't to f-.hn station, speaking in favorable terms of the progress made in all departments since he knew the place some years ago, was received with thanks. We have received from Mr. J. G, Jenkins, M.P., Part XIV. of tbe ' Picturesque Atlas of Australasia.' It is almost entirely devoted to descriptions of the suburbs of Melbourne, whose growth is carefully traced, and many old landmarks that have now passed away are referred to. The number in question contains an unusually large number of very choice views, and the frontispiece, 'Government House,' by F. B. Schell, is indeed beautifully executed. Other noteworthy engravings are— '?The Legislative Council Chamber,' 'The Fitzroy Gardens' (W. T. Smedley), 'The Carlton Gardens' (W. T. Smedley), ' Evening on the Yarra' (J. Mather), 'The Yarra at Hawthorn' (W. C. Fitler), ' In the Botanic Gardens' (W. C. Fitler), ' On the Yarra' (F. B. Schell), and 'Near the You Yangs,' as well as views of several of the large suburban town halls. No better means could be utilised than theee admirable BketcheB with pen and pencil of en abling the reader to form an idea of the architecture of the principal buildings in the sister capital. Authentic information with regard to the colonies is exceedingly difficult to obtain in England, and once it is known that a work containing so many accurate facts and figures conveyed in such an interesting form is obtainable there is certain to be a big demand for it. Part XIV. iB one of the best that has yet been published, and it is satisfactory to note that the same high standard is being maintained all thiough the work. The annual meeting of the S. A. Institute of Surveyors was held at Grenfell Chambers, Grenfell-street, on Friday, November 18, Mr. Cbas. Todd, C M.G. (president), in the chair. There was a fair attendance of members. The annual report, which waB adopted, showed that a good amount of work had been accomplished Oaring the year. Amongst other matters the inbtitute was successful in obtaining a Licensed Surveyors Act. doing away with the necessity of several licenses, and making one license sufficient for the whole of the colony, including the Northern Territory. The question of reciprocity of licenses with other colonies was being dealt with, and was daily becoming more important, owing to the extended railway communication. Three new members had been admitted daring the year. The following: officers were elected for the ensuing year: — Patron, Ms. G. W. Goyder; president, Mr. C.fTo-Jd,C.M.G.; vice-presidents, Messrs. J.C. Lovely and C. von Bertouch : council, 'Messrs. H. M, Addison, C. H. Harris, W. Gumming, A. H. Smith, W. J. M. Wooley, and G, H. Tolley ; hon. me., Mr. J. H. Packard ; hon. treasurer, Mr. H. Paltridge ; auditors, Messrs. C. W. Smith and S. Parsons. According to the Incensed Surveyors Act of 1886 the foUowiog gentlemen were nominated by the institute as members of the board of examiners- for 1888: —Messrs. Chas. Todd, C. von Bertouch, and Oi J.. Sanders. A rote of thanks was accorded to the retiring officers, and the meeting closed. The Broken BiU Times of November 16 writes :— ' Much discontent prevails in towa about the slow and unsatisfactory way in which goods and machinery are forwarded by the 8outb Australian Tailway from Adelaide to Broken HilL It has been reported to ns^tbat merchandise has arrived at Broken Hill a month after being received by tbe railway authorities in Adelaide. As South Australia is ever likely to derive a large railway and other revenue from the Barrier district the Government of that colony should make it their special business to retain and further the interests of railway traffic with the view to please the merchants, companies, and travelling public of Broken Hill, and, of course, Silverton, whose interests are inseparably linked with this community. It has been stated that the Adelaide railway authorities are hur ry ingon the work of truck and waggon construc tion, but we think it is not rapid enough. Tae present development of this mining field is nothing compared to what it will be, and it is necessary for all concerned to look ahead so that the mining progress and the extension of the industry will not be retarded. It is a pity that a change of gauge exists at Terowie. The change of gauge at Albury and Tenterfield is a great nuisance, and it appears that it will always be productive of delays and vexations at Terowie. The Broken Hill trade is worth looking after, and we hope that South Aus tralian traffic managers and etation masters will bear this in mind.' The Northern Territory Timet of October 28 has the following : — By the next steamer that leaves Hongkong for Port Darwin 300 Tamil coolies are to be shipped to Palmerston. These are being brought out by the firm of Ceylonese agents, Messrs. Silva, Abmyawara, & Co., of India, and will start work on the rail way line immediately on arrival. Tamils are docile, and very obedient, and it is with some degree of pleasure that we see the in troduction of the race, into our colony. If we must have Asiatic labor, let us impart Indians, Afghans, or members of any race under the sun rather than the Chinese, who since their establishment in our totro have given us ample proof of their dexterity in tbe pleasant arts of swindling and murdering. We have said before that should the Chinese rise up against the Europeans here— and the signs of their willingness and ability to do so are becoming more apparent every day — we are numerically powerless to defend ourselves. The settlement of a body of Indians inouc midst would do a great deal towards checking any such uprisal, and might, in time, tend to drive away many of our impoverished and dangerous Celestial inhabitants. A surveyor is now busily engaged on allotments in Ca vena? h street, where it is intended to form a Tamil Town. When this work is completed, Messrs. Silva & Co., intend to import Indian washermen, tailors, boatmen, gardeners, fruiterers, and chair carriers. The South Australian branch of the Riyal Geographical Society of Australasia have issued a circular with reference to exploration in Central Australia. It is well known that there are still considerable tracts of unexplored country in Central Australia, and it may con fidently be anticipated that its examination would Eolve many questions of much scientific interest and value, and would result in impor tant discoveries. The mountain ranges in the locality, notably the MacDonnell Ranges, are known to possess a metalliferous character, and it is more than probable that other similar ranges and some valuable country remain to be discovered. At the Interprovincial Geo graphical Conference recently held in Adelaide the question of organising an expedition under the auspices of the Royal Geo graphical Society of Australasia to prosesute the thorough exploration of this terra incognita was dif-cusEed, and it was resolved to raise funds by subscription for this objest. The proposal is to fit out a party under the com mand of Mr. W. H. Tietkens, F.R.G.S., to explore, particularly, the unknown portions of Lake AmadeuB, with its watershed, and the high lands about long. 130°, lat. 23° S., which have been Eeen from a distance by previous explorers. ' This proposal,' says the circular, 'is one which must commend itself to all in terested in the development, and the extension of scientific knowledge, of Australia, and as it cannot be undertaken unless adequate funds are subscribed, we, on behalf of the council of the South Australian branch of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia, solicit your co-operation and support in providing for the organisation and fitting out of the expedition.' The circular is signed by Sir Samuel Daven port, as presidt&t; and by Messr3. A. T. Magaiey and J, W. Jones, as honorary secretaries It was said that the address sent' to the Queen by the women of South Australia, and illuminated by the Dominican nnns of North Adelaide, was the most beautiful of all those presented to her Majesty the Qaeen, but it is even excelled in beauty by one just illuminated by the same Buns and bound by Messrs. Wigg and Co., for presentation to th« Pope. This address is bound in white vellum and gold, in laid with blue morocco, and having a rich fillet of gold beautifully wrought in metal. At the top of the right page is an exquisite paint ing of the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost, and at the bottom a miniature of the Last Sapper em blazcned on a mosaic of gold. The sides are wrought with medieval designs, with figures of saints and other emblems of the Papal dignity. St. Peter occupies the centre, bearing under him the words—' Thou art Peter, and on this rook will I build ray church ;' and opposite is St. Paul on an enamelled background of crimson I and gold surrounded by a scroll, on which is illuminated the words, ''Thou art a vessel of election.' In each initial letter will be found some emblem of the office of Leo XEIL, and the aims of the Pecci family occupy a con spicuous place- The scene at the head of the left page is the giving of the Rosary to St. Dominic. He kneels in the habit of his order at the feet of our Lord, who is represented as a child in the arms of His mother, and from His hatids St. Dominic receives the rosary, Paul is on the right-hand side, and on the. eft is St. Joachim, the father of the mother of our Lord. A very lovely figure of S. Thomas, emblazoned on a chagrin of crimson and gold, indicates the high esteem in which the present Pope has always held the philosophy of St. Thomas Aquinas, while St. Francis of Assesi receiving the stigmata points out his love for the third oider of St, Francis; and at the foot of the page a lovely painting of the Last Supper stands on a diaper of gold mosaic. Under this is illuminated the date of the Pope's first mass. The finish and expression of the faces in this lovely illumination are quite perfect, and both the painting and bind ing of the address reflect great honor on South Australia. The addresB will be on view to day at Messrs. Wigg & Co.'s. On Friday,[Novmber 18, the Adelaide Board of Advice paid their annual visit of in spection to the Sturt-street School. There were present Messrs, J. L. EoBj£h'?r- (chairman), A. Adamson, J, And ei son, A. W. Meet'. S. Toms, J. Gordon, and T. Scherk, M.P., members of the board. The Minister of Education (Hon. J. C. F. Johnson), Mr. L. Grayscn, M.P., and Mr. J. A. Hartley, B.A., B.Sc. (Inspector- General of Schools) also attended by invitation of the board. A guard of honor composed of the carbine company lined the pathway from the gate to the school entrance, where the visitors were received by the headmaster I (Mr. W. L. Neale). The girls' department, in charge of the headmistress (Miss Birt), was first inspected. The fourth class were at arithmetic, the special point under con sideration being tbe method of finding the area of a circle, and much interest was taken in ths clear explanation of the properties of the circle given by the young lady teaching the class. Reading and writing lessons engaged the at tention of some girls ; others — little ones — were enjoying a ' special' or ' object' lesson on a pen ; while one large class were learning tables of capacity from the concrete, a method that ; must strike anyone aB an excellent feature in ' the South Australian system. Upstairs the ' boys filled the various class rooms, all ap parently interested in their work. The ' 'special' lesson in the fourth class was one of a course in physiology. The upper division of the fifth were at Euclid and algebra, and answered in a most intelligent manner. A few of the senior boys were also questioned in Latin grammar by one of the | members of the party. Other classes were at I geography, history, and arithmetic. After the j writing ot some or the classes bad been in- ; epected, the infant department, in charge of j Miss Era Sellar, came in for attention. The ' little oneB were assembled for a gallery lesson, i Development exercises were shown, and a song I waB beautifully given. The plan of teaching ': reading, newly adopted, was explained, and ^ some drawings, the work of the little folk, were exhibited. General satisfaction at the excel- i lent discipline and clean and neat appearance of the children in all the departments was freely expressed by the party, who finished their inspection by listening to pome three part choruses by about 250 of the elder boys and girls assembled in one of the large rooms. The singing, conducted by Mr. Brokate, consisted of selections from the pieces given at the late concert at the Floral Society's Exhibition, which then gained Buch high praise for sweetness, decision, and correct ness. In addresting the children the Minister of Education thanked them for tbe great treat they had given him that morning. It was his first visit, and he had been mucn struck with i the intelligent manner in which their studieB ' were being pursued. It reflected the highest credit on them and their teachers. He specially congratulated them, and thanked them for their good singing. Even in his short life he had seen marvellous changes in the methods of teaching, and. he trusted the young children of this generation would avail themselves to the utmost of the excellent edu cational advantages they now possessed. He had much pleasure in granting the half- holiday requested by the chairman of the board. The visitors left after hearty cheers had been given for the Minuter, the board of advice, the is Bpector-general, and the teachers. 