Items. Kara. Locusts. Tall scoring. Winter again. Copper .£66 per ton. Critical times in France. What about the ' Joker' now ? Volunteers beat civilians by 157. ' Savage life in the South Seas.' Sir Thomas Elder is still very ill. Splendid rains at the east of Burra. England and Russia in Afghanistan. Parliament to be prorogued next week. The Blinman mines ixe. to be started again. A bogus ghost at the Adelaide Exhibition. AH the dams on the Eastern plains are full. None of the Burra ladies fell in love with Taleli. Copper has gone up £18 per ton in a month. The speaker absent throngh continued illness. N.S.W. defeated the English Amateurs by nine wickets. Nine inches more rain up to date this year than last year. The Rev. F. W. Cox suggests prayer for the Crown Prince. The New South Wales cricketers made a splendid score. The massacre of the innocents has begun on North Terrace. A presentation of .£700 has been made to Bishop Kennion. Gladstone cricketers scored 230 runs against the Caltowies 57. To tax your memory is the most unreason able of all imposts. The Deputy-Speaker is at least one too many for Mr. Rees. A new definition for the professional burglar is ' house- cleaner.' Messrs. Pearce and Davies elected Coun cillors for North Ward. There are said to be a quarter of a million of Germans in England. Over an inch of rain fell in Burra on Tues day and Wednesday last. American wheat area has shrunk by nearly 1,000,000 acres since 1880 (?) M. Freycinet will probably be the new Presi fif*nt -nf t\if* T?rs*nr*h mnnhlin lhe New Zealand Parliament has agreed to a reduction of the Governor's salary. The Hin. R. C. Baker has tried to justify his motion re Taxation Bill and (ailed. Sir Graham .Berry has protested against New South Wales being called Australia. Forersters' sports on December 28 in Messrs. Morris, SanJland & Birritt's paddock Aber deen. Empsror William says Germany desires peace, but is perfectly prepared to defend itself. Mr. Cox's suggestion about prayer has started* a lively correspondence in the Adelaide papers. Mr. John Ridley, who is generally credited with being the inventor of the reaping machine is dead. The lootnitive has recently crossed the Arctic circle on a railway near the Gulf of Borhnia. Vernon's team suffered their first defeat in the colonies at the hands of the New South Welshmen. The amateur lumpers at Port Adelaide have given the money they earned during the strike to local institutions. It is said that 70,000 pianos are manu factured in Germany every year, of which about half are exported. The New South Welshmen scored 407 and 39 runs for oae wicket against Vernon's team score of 240 and 106 runs. Hughes, the Western Australian convict, is 10 uavc iiiree years in irons ana tnree dozen of the ' cat' for breaking prison. The public holidays of Christmas week are to be Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, December 26th, 27th, and 28th. The Treasury Bills to provide for the deficit read a second and third time on Tuesday, standing orders being suspended. The Engiaeer-in-Chief estimates that the saving by a loop line from Terowie to Thyer's corner would be ^3,903 per annum. A boy applied for a situation in an eating house and produced a testimonial from his mother that he was used to the business. The Rev. G. Brown was once asked, ' Did you not feel inclined to run for your life?' He said, ' No ; I made other people do the running.' A farmer of Ohio County had this notice posted up on his field : — ' If any man's or woman's cows or oxens ^its in these here oals. his or hit tail will be cut off as the case may be.' Beach (says the Wallaroo Times) always sleep soundly the night before a big race, and on one occasion had to be awakened a few minutes before the time fixed for him to get into his boat. The late Dr. Fortescue used to say : ' Beach is not an ordinary man : he is a cold-blooded animal.' An exact definition of a socialist is not easy, but it is said that he is : — 'A man who has yearnings For equal division Of unequal earnings.' And further that :— ' He always is willing To fork out his penny And pocket your shilling.' 