Is his address to the Victorian Church Aasombly, Bishop Goe lamented the difficulty of obtaining ' elergymen, especially in the colonies. The harvest Is yellow enough and plentiful enough, but where are laborers to be found ? Nearly all hare to he importod from England; Colonial young men, though they are eager enough to got collogo educations, won't train inr ino unurcn. uniy iu luoiuourno univer sity men have enterod tho Ministry siuco 1879, though Trinity Collego otters special advantages for such. What troubles Dr. Goo, troublos all heads of ehurchea. Clergymen mutt bo imported ; Australians will cot enter the ministry. How differont it isfo used to bo in the United Kingdom. In Englaud, or courso, thorousod to bo no difficulty, as tho Army and tho Church wore tho rof iges of tho youngor sons : tho Church, according to tho wits, boing tho destiny of tho dullard of tho family. In Scotland it was tho ambition of ovory farmor to have one of ilia sons a ' moonistor,' which inoaul a gentleman, ono who had not to soil his hands, and would possess what Scotch pooplo worshipped, an education. In Iroland tho prostige of having a son a priost lod ovory family who had any moans to send a son to Maymooth. But in thoso colonros education is tho lot of all; thoro aro plenty othor walks of Jifo whoro tho hands noed not bo soilod, and whoro the Towards aro greater. At tho samo timo Dr. Goo seos tho crying urgon:y of having men as ministers who aro not only educated up to tho lovol of gontlomon, and if poauiblo a little abovo, but who possoas ability aud talont, and who can moot and combat tho rising tido of iufidolity, or rathor un rost. Tho clorical hodtnan will not do nowadays ; you must have tho skilled artizon, and how to got him is Dr, Goo's troublo. It is groatly to tho Bishop's crodit that short as ho has boon in thoso colonies ho sooa that a spocial class of ministors aro required : mon of tho world, mon who can moot democracy faco to face, mon who havo cast off tho ocelcBiisticism of tho old world and can moot aud understand tho new. And it is quito ovidont that tho mail to preach to and toach Australian?, who will understand them, must bean Australian. Bat it aoems ho can't bo got. Why do young mon oschow tho church, and why aro so largo a numbor of ministors notablo to soizo thoir pooplo? Wo proaumo it is bocauso tho salaries paid aro wholly inadequato, and that mon aro not so dovout and self-denying as to live on what hardly keops thom for tho lovo of a clorical lifo. To English cur.itos £100 to £200 a yoar no doubt sounds woll, though thoy aro unawaro that tho monoy doos not roprosent hero what it doos at homo. What is .£300 or il-100 a yoar — and tho majority of clorgymou in tho colonios don't roceive that — to a man who has to holp everyone, to main tain himsolf and his family in fitting form to onter socioty ? It does not motm much, more than tho .£1 or £1 5s and rations of tho bushmnu, who has no appoaranco to koop up and no ront or taxos to pay, Of courso thero is a theory that mon should sacrifice themselvos; and it sooms not yot oxplodod, for wo hoar of mon like tho Studds, who throw up all thoir advantngos and a groat cricketing caroor — and crickotors now-a-days can oarn a great deal more than the ordinary clergyman — and went out as missionaries, but tho theory is very little acted upon: at loast by tho Australia i youth. The typical Aus tralian lad is ono who values overything by monoy. Ho does not ask ' Is it good, is it truo, is it duty' ; his query is: 'What is it worth?' It is easy, thore foro, to soo why young Australians pass tho clorical profoision by and chooso any other whoro thoro is euro promiso of money. In thoso days when a man can earn hundreds by knocking a bit of leathor about, thousands by propelling a bit of wood through tho water, and tous of thousands by tho laying tho odds against a fiold of horsos, what youth but must fool contompt for thoso occupations which yiold but a modoat living, though thoy oxorcise tho highest powers of our nature : tho preacher's tho teacher's, tlio studont's To a groat extent socioty is to blame. Whon youths see a Beach or a Hanlan mako thousands and receive tho applauso of multitudes, while a Froudo parses through Australia recognieod only by a few, they naturally conclude mind's no account. While wo worship succoss, muscle, and gold, wo cannot oxpoct to soo tho higher and nobler life ovolved. Mammon at present rules tho world, as indeed ho ovor ha?; and no other doity has much chance against him except with a few. How Bishop Goo and othor Tutors of tho churcho^-aro to got over their difficulties and to raise tho status of tho clorgy by giving higher stipends and providing groat rewards to run for, we cannot say. One thing is cortain howovor: tho scriptural Crown may be appre ciated, but Australian youth socm to insist that they shall havo a reward in this world as well as in that which is to como. This is making the bost of both worlds, and it's by no means tho worst policy — at loast 'beneath tbo Btars.' The roport of tho Drink Commission, which is a care ful one, and which was compiled by mon of both sidos, iu not encouraging. In tho first . placo what everyone 6uspoctod turns out to be quite truo : that genuine and mature alcoholic drinks aro not, oxcopt to an infinitesimal extent, sold. The beer and tho spirits retailed are full of fusel oil, which is a rank poison. Given thorefore a steady and fair consump tion of spirits, colonial boer, and physical and mental deterioration are only mattors of timo. It seems to us that what saves most of our drinkors is the fact that the majority aro not' steady imbibers, but go on ' tho. spree occasionally. The intorvals between enablo j naturo to expel tho noison, recuperato and setup dor i fences against the demon of fusel oil when ho comes on beard again. Whon a man continually drinks tho , ordinary liquors, without piving naturo a spoil, it sooms hardly possible for him to vory long maintain his strength and health, physically and mentally. What is now is tho discovory that beor, which was thought to at least contain but a small proportion of fusol oil, is just as bad as whisky. Alcoholic liquors to bo wholosomo — of courso nono aro if partakon of too rauch,no more than anything olse — must bo nature and mnst not only have partod with fasel oil and other injurious ingredient, and gathered valuable pro perties which tho cannot possess under a certain period, no moro than wino made yestorday can bo called wiuo. But for ordinary people to obtain any thing of this kind, oven humble she-oak, appoars, if the Drink Commission report is correct, to bo utterly hopeless. It aoems to como to total abstontion or a solemn resolve to commit suicido— slowly or swiftly, according to ono's thirst — by fusel oil instead of ' Rough on Rats.' 'Tis a melancholy prospoct for all who can't ousure mature liquor; but it must be facod, aud a choice made. How it is immaturo whisky, made a few days or weeks ago south of tho Yarra, is forced upon us when 40,000,000 gallons of choicest nnd matured ' Presbyterian wino' aro lying in bond in Scotland, and. whisky distillors and merchants are failing, we cannot understand. Anotheraspect of tho report is tho conclusion of tho Commission that drink is rosponsiblo for tho larger p-o'portion of crime — por- haps 80 por cent — and that women who onco givo way to drink can never be curod. Most of the witnesses examinod condemned strongly private or second bars and tbo employment of barmaids. Even hotelkeopere, who were examinod, though they said thoy saw no objoction whatever to barmaids whon cornored said thoy would not allow their daughters or sisters in bars. The report sots nothing particularly at rest, but it is ono of thnae straws that one soos nioviugin the eternally rising broezo that has sot in for tho abolition of the drink traffic altogether, and which in sovoral parts of the world has grown into a galo. And yot until man becomes an uttorly changod croaturo he will havo a stimulant, Thoso who will won't whisky take opium or absinthe or caco, or chlorodyno, or morphia. Even thoso who abstain from material stimu lants go in for religious, spiritualistic, or soma othor form, of stimulation. Byron said that man, boing reasonable, must got drunk, and it soema his saying still holds good, though the vohicle may not bo whisky or fusol oil. Even tho dervishes, who aro the strict est of teetotallers, get outrageously drunk by judi cious whirliug and working up. Poor humanity has still a long road and a hard ono to travel boforo por foction is reached. But there is one thing that strikes us in connection with tho.roport of tho Commission : that whilo temporanco efforts may be all right it would be just as well if tho I.O.G.T., and other mys terious members of tho alphabet, as woll as trying to get pooplo to don tho Mua ribbon, would do as much if not moro good, seeing pooplo will drink, if thoy got up a crusado against fusel oil in any shape, and saw that hotter liquor ^as provided for tho masse* nothellfire. ' Most peoplo, except thoso who take an intoroBt in missionary enterprise, know littlo or nothing about the South Pacific Islands, except that brown people livo thero who used to indulge in missionary, livo very free lives, and generally como as near paradise — so for as climate, plontifulnoss of food, and power to lounge can assist— as possiblo, except whon thoro's a ruction : which, unfortunately, is pretty often. Byron spoke of such places, ' Whoro only man waB vilo' — and most vile, too. We notice, therefore, that sinco the Tongan and Samoan troubles havo arisen tho wits havo resuscitated the Rev. Sydnoy Smith's qunint quatrain, no doubt as a fall opposition of tho South Pftfififl nttfliit.inn ? If I(wore a cassowary On the sands of Timbuctoo, I would eat a missionary — Skin and bones, and hymnbook, teo. Evory knows this was a triumph of rhyme; Timbuctoo being looked upon as impracticable. However, tho Samoan affair has a vory aorioua effect. The French, Gorman, and other nationalities aro haled and dis trusted by tho natives of tho Pacific, who have como to look upon the Anglo-Saxon nations, Great Britain nnd America, as thoir natural protectors, and havo iu them a simple and implicit faith. That faith ought by this time to have been dispellod — but we are told it has not been — by the manner in which England has shamefolly allowed France, the mothor of abominations in tbo Pacific — to act in tho Now Hebrides;, and Gor- I man* at Samoa. Thoro is not tho slightest doubt that Maliotoa, -who sooms to boa vory decent, intel i ligout chief, refrained from violontly putting down Tatnuscso's robollion and intrigues, bocauso ho bo liuvod tho promisos of tho English and Amorican pooplo. ilad ho takon Tutnusoso iu timo ho would not bo in tho position ho h now. But ho boliovos in tho good Anglo-Saxon powers, and ho has boon sold liko a bullock by an Irnporial Govornmont that sooras iucapablo of saying 'Boo' to tho biggost Earopoan gooso. It was thought [that {whon Lord Saliibur/ . camo in ho would rovivo tho policy of his groat chief j Disraeli, but ho has boon oven moro craven than Mr j Gladstouo. llo has lot France and Germany slap and i huffot tho British Lion as if it woro a figaro stuffed with straw; just as our magpies will toar to pioces a scarocrow in a wheat field, whon thoy find out thoro's no harm in it. Woll might Mr J. L. Purros, at tho Melbourne mooting, wish for an hour at tho holm of great Jow. Really if England goos on in this way it ia timo Australia looked aftor herself, as sho will bo ablo to do in a fow yoars. If tho colonies woro fodoratod and wo had a fodoral floot, wo could mako Gorraany and Franco troat our wishes with ropoct, for thoy couldn't woll afford to fallout with ono auother in tho prosont stato of mittors. Then what a spoc tuclo: to soo tho soldiors of Gormany, tho men who fought at Gravellottoand b'odan, killing tho Samoans' pigs and burning thoir villagos, moroly to avenge a drunken brawl .' This drunken brawl was auothor cuso of tho wolf and tho lamb. It appoars to us that Australia has ono remedy porfoctly within hor powor, if things proceed to an oxtromoty : Sho can prohibit French and Gorman vossols or subjects coming into hor ports. That would soon mako Mon siuor Crapaud nnd Ilorr Sauerkraut bo a littlo moro conaidorato. As a mattor of fact wo boliovo tho coup d'otat has boon accomplished at tho instanco of tho Doutscho Handol Company, to whom Tamasoao mort gaged his lands for 60,000 dollars' worth of firoarms, with which to fight Maliotoa. Tho mortgages woro of no valuo without Malietoa's countersigamout, which ho was not likoly to givo, sHho Germans mado Tama soso King, as to onablo him to pay tho Doutscho Handel Company. At tho Police Court on Thursday, James Houston, a yonng man, was charged with boing of unsound mind, and he was remanded until Saturday, to soo if by that time tho dovil would bo oxorcisod. James, it appoars, camo from Mossg*ol, and imbibed too much fusel oil on tho way, or olsoirhoro, iu consequenco of which he bogtvn to soo thingB, and boini* noticed by tho police ondoavoring to|arguo with tho peppo:- troos and tho larrikins— a bure sign of' unsound' — ho was takon caro of. Slits. Maukk desiros to thank Mr A. P. Stotvart, Mr Burnott, and tho ladios and gontlomon who issHtcd at tho benefit given to hor, and thoso who wore good enough to purchaso ticket*. Ovor £30 was roalizod. A late tologram annouueos Lord Loitus has satis factorily arrangod hiu financial affairs. The quarterly rovonuo roturus aro of somo intoroat. Victoria continuos hor pro^ross, showing an iucreaso on the quarter of X'l/)5,tif-I; on tho yoar of .£3(11,300. In Mow South Wale* there has boon an iucreaso of £225,715 on tho quarter, and an increase on tho yoar of .£020,370. This is howovor moro apparent than real, as one itom, tho increaso in tho amount for pas toral occupation, is £483,841 alono, tho incroaso for tho quartor alono being i.M84,522. The 'gold discovory at Manfred' is as nubilous as ever. Four Balranald gontlomon havo given ilO each to equip nnd send six men to Darnock to ex plore. Wo soe it is stated in tho Balranald paper that thoro is no wash or quartz roofs, bnt that small boulder* oxist whi h contain gold and silver. The Balranald Recorder writes on tho subject : — 'Regard- ing the gold discovory on Manfred station, we havo somo further and moro reliablo information. As yot ! thero has boon no gold found at all, not even the | color of it, nor is tho surfaco formation indicativo of i reefs. The foaturos of the country aro tbo samo as i Rivorina in general, but at tho placo roportod to bo | auriforous thero aro quantities of looso, apparently I water- worn stones, which may bo quartz, with gold, I silvor. and tin in thom. Thoro is moroovor. no wntor whatevor near, except Gorman tank, and that is of courso not available for mining purposes. To test tho matter thoroughly, tho manager of Manfred sta tion has sent out a party of six men and thoy aro all of the 400 mon who wero reported to bo on tho ground.' Tho Manly Spectator is to hand. It is one of tho brightest papers in tlio colony, nnd dosorves a cir culation in all parts. Any porson who wishos some thing good, now, and colonial to road, ought to buy this paper. On and after tho 8th inst. tho mail leavos Hay for Doniliquin on Saturday, at 7 p.m., and the mail leaving on Monday will bo discoutiuuod. A*r tho Polico Court on Tuosday Larry Holmes was fined £'1 for driving over the footpath. A shearer nnmcd Purcell had to part £2 for 'elegant' languago iu regard to Mr Brown, of the Royal, and tho police. Ciiuncii op England, Hay. — Tho Rev. J. Macar thur will (D.V.) conduct Divine Service at Carrathool on Sunday next, the 9th inst., at 12 o'clo?k. The young female studonts at tho Melbourne Uni versity don't caro to dissect along with the young mon, and want soparato dissections. At tho Polico Court on Wednesday Mrs Sincleir, lesseo of tho Court House Hotol/ was charged with allowing dice to bo played on hor liconsed premises. Mrs Sinclair pleaded guilty, but statod that tho orror was unintentional. Sho had bought a dice box for hor children to amuso thomselves, and some young mon found it on tho bar parlor and bogan playing with it. Sho was in the bar, and did not know what waj going on. Tho Bench fined Mrs Sinclair £5 and 5s Gd costs of court. A horiiible caso of criminal assault occurred on Saturday near Narrandora. A man named Joseph Ross, who is camped in a t#-nt in Forrier's paddock noar tho town, reports that he and his wife wont out about 9 p.m., leaving their littlo daughter asleep in tho tont in chargo of a black woman. A man named Middloton, in passing the tent a littlo time aftor, heard someono making disgusting remarks to tho child, who was crying. Middloton, on going to see what was tho mattor, was threatened by a blackfellow, tho lattor having a woapou in his hand, and bairig nearly naked.' Middloton wont to look for tho father, who returned dur ng his absence. Ross, hoaring tho blackfellow in his tent ordered him away, not sus poctiog anything the mattor with his child. Middlo ton shortly aftorwards met Ross, and told him what ho had hoard, whon the blackfollow was soized and takou to tho lock- up. At tho police court medical evidence showed that tho child, who is 3 yoars of age, had boon assaulted in a most brutal manner. The man wa« committod for trial. Sub-inspectou Smith loft on Thursday for VVilcan nia, whore ho takos chargo temporarily white tho post is vacant, tho inspector (Mr Hitch) thoro having boon promoted to anothor district. We notico that Mr Swan, the hairdresser, whoso shop is now threo doors above Dillon's Hotel, advor tisosan eye lotion, guaranteed to euro any affection of tho most important of our organs. As eye affections aro very troublosomo bore, Mr Swan will no doubt havo plenty of custom. Wo know of sovoral cases in which Mr Swan'i lotion has boon speedily effectual. Mr Swan, too, soil Coleman's Eucalyptus oil, which he guarantoos to euro all tho ills to which flosh is heir. Ho also sots razors and cutlery. Tiie Park at prosont by no moans looks woll, being overgrown with woods of all kinds. Prison labor must be obtained to put it ordar. Mr Faschor can not do tho work. The election for the Victorian Speakership was the closest and most oxcitin'g ovor held, and tho Coalition Ministry sustained a damaging blow. Mr M. H. i Davies, whoso only rocoraraondation is imraonso I wealth, abtainod by land ayndicato operations, was ! thoir nomineo, Mr Bent his opponont. Mr Davlos : was olected by 38 to 37. Tho excitement was very I great. The veteran of tho Eureka Stockado, Poter I IaIot, now rotirea from the scene. Mr Davies is a ' native of Geolong, and is agod 37. | Mr Me.wortji, sinco he took tho Rod Lion Hotel has gone to considerable expense in decorating, paint, ing and fitting up that hostelry, aud it now presents a yory changod aspoct indoed. Mr Meneforth has also improvod nnd dono up tho stablos, which are, noxt to thoso at tho Commercial, about tho best in Hay. Wa have roceived from MrT. H. Elwin, Menindio, a letter sont to Mr J, P. Abbott, M.L.A., by Mr S. H. Lambton, Bocrotary of tho Postoffice Department about the petition forwarded by Messrs Elwin, Kompe Bakor, &c;, for tho renewal of the mail between Men indie and Oxloy (which moans tho Silvorton mail). The Department promisoB further consideration. We cortainly think thoro should bo stronger agitation on this subject as this is tho quickest route by which Silvorton can recoive its Sydney letters. To Menin die pooplo it is certainly a mattor of tho first impor tanco. Twentv onh casos of small pox are reported in Tasmania. Miss Buaddon is fifty years of ago, and has written her fiftieth novol, Tub Americans aro truly a shrewd lot. Thoy allow allkindB of things to bo mado in tho gaol*, but they mast bo oxported sons not to compoto with the I homo labor. The competition takos place in Sydney, | and of courso our artizans havon't the ghost of a I chance against the State-kopt prisoners. The oxcoptioual oharacLorof tho season is shown by tho ranknoss of tho vogotation everywhere, and at tho same timo the withering ofl'oct of tho hot sun was shown prior to the lato rain, which brought in a spoil of cold. During tho boat vegetation, ospeci tlly of tho wood fipeciei, bogan to yollow as if by tuugic. Tho rain and consequent tomporato woathor at onco ar roHtod this, and sinco tho fall tho growth has boon phonomonal. Tho growth of nativo wintor i^rassos this yoarhas boon remarkablo. Tho barloy grass has almost reachod tho hoight of tho coroal after which it has boen natnod. In placoa wo noo it has boon rnowod down for hay. Tho trefoil is vory strong this yoar, and thoro will bo a largo quantttv of tho valua ble (but bad for wool) woods shed. Tho soods of this Medicago aro vory rich in food constituents. At Bal ranald a racohorso was put into condition upon thom, and did as woll as upon tho best oxotic food. Tho privato gurdons look vory woll, and if scorching hot winds do not como to too great an extent tho Horti cultural Show ought to bo a good ono. It will bo found whon the Sivow ia hold that thore aro vory rare and boautiful fiowors in Hay gardens. Wo noticed somo oxtromoly novol and bouutiful roso- liko poppios iu Mr M'Kail's garden, though it is a now ono. Mr Bowdon's pardon is woll worth looking at. This gontlonian bus a magnificent Stui t's poa, tho scarlet bloisomi of which mako a splendid show. This gontloinan has aUo two fino troos of tho citrus ti'ibo. Ono, a lomon has ripo fruit and blossoms upon it, and looks vory protty. Mr Lavondor's gardon is of courso tho principal ono in tho town, and somo sploudid ex hibits ought to como from it. Good seasons aro not without their drawbacks, and woods aro very bad this yoar. Wo nr-tico that Mr Harrison's atompt in Pino stroot to form a kitchou garden for t!,o highor vegeta bles aud salads has bcon interfered with by tho nottlos, Aftor all, nottlos, if cut young, aro 'as good as spinach. Behind tho Pest office Mr Burnott has a gardon which is in a surprising stato of dovolpraont. Ono troo of tho cactus family shows an unusual vigor, tho loavoa boing vory largo nnd t'io tr*o ono mass of blossom. Mr Levy's gar don also looks woll, tho navol orango being a protty sight. We would draw tho attontion of young ladios who wish to oxhibit at tho Horticultural Show that they can manufacture somo boautiful things out of tho ovorlasting flowors, which aro to bo found in tho meadows. Most of thoso are of a golden yollow, but wo believosomo aro white, and a hloudof tho two will bo charming. Wroaths, frames, &c;,, can bo mado of thoso lovoly and lasting flowors, aud the tasto and skill of our young ladios might bo woll exorcnod in tho invention of novol and protty designs. Wo havo seen some vory taaty specimens of this work, oxocuted by Mrs Jonotf, of tho J5ridgo. At the Council mooting on Tuosday oreniug Mr Richmond's tender, to fonco tho Common, undor tho now specifications, was accepted. Fisii aro vory plentiful, and on Wednesday after noon somo sploudid hauls woro mado, tho fish boing of verynuporior quality and tho proper size. Mr \V. Rofd had somo beautiful goldon porch for snle, boT/V/oon 51bs or Gibs. The Evening Neios contradicts tho reports about tho Premier being givon a full reloaso by his creditors for an amount variously stated from i,'52,000 to to X'58,000. TIioaYcmw ex lanation is somewhat in coherent, but from it wo gathor that tho monoy was advancod on land by banks and moniod mon and that tho laud is to bo sold, md it is cxpoctod thoro will be sufficient ovor, owing to tho hotter confideuco re cently established, to give Falconbridgo and othor properties back to Sir Henry. Tho Madgec Indepen dent and other papors, on tho contrary, assort somo of tho Premier's colleagues lent him monoy, ono £2000, and that most of tho monoy is owing to great freotrado morchants. It is also stated somo of tho creditors havo turnod rusty, and will have their pound of flosh. The JS'ews asserts Sir Henry has only iiad finaucial trans tions with threo of liis colleaguos. lie was iudobted to ono in £1000 over an old mining transaction, but only owos him £100 n )w. Tho othor two ministers lent him X'500 oach on mortgage, both sums being still owing. Whiehover way it iH, tho aspoct is not plea sant. Our public mon seom to bo unfortunate and reckless iu money mattors. Only last week tho utmost on&inuity; of tho '.Victorian Attornoy-Genoral was exerted to prevont tho creditors of tho late Speaker, Mr Lalor, from seizing tho gratuity of £4000 granted him by Parliament. Presbyterian Ciiujicii. — Tho Rev John M*Intosh. M.A., will visit Gunbar, onThnraday, 13th inst,' aud proach in Gunbar Church, on Sabbath, the 10th inst, (D.V.) Victoria is about bo initiate regular communication with the Now Hebrides to checkmate tho French in fluence. King Malietoa arrived at Cooktown on Monday in the Adler, which aftor coaling — no visitors wore al lowed — loft for Europo. Wsunderstand that owing to the incro&se; of his business, which has become too largo for his prosont premises, Mr Buching contemplates moving to tho largo and commodious shop lately occupied by Mr T. Wood. .M it Bucur.va has, wo notice, a largo selection of seeds of all kinds, including bulbs. Fkeetrade soems to bo doing wonders for Sydney. According to Mr Hoakins (of G. and C. Hoskius) a largo number of nrtizens aro out of employment, who aro sustained in various ways, and who could not avail thomsolvos of the offer of laborers' work by the Govornmont. Thoro aro 4000 housos unoccupied in tho nuburbs of Sydnoy. The Wontworth election has been a vory closo ono. The latest returns show Mr Brown (57 votes uh-*nd, the figuros boing : Brown OOO; Griffon 629. Murdern, Tiboorburra, and Wanaaring aro to como in. but thoy cannot alter tho result. Mount Browno turnod tho scale in favor of itsnamosako, who got 04 thoro toO. Broken Hill went heavily for Browne, with 328 to 127. Steamer people ought to remomber that duo notice by mossongor must bo given in tho caso of steamers going down stroam, to the man at tho bridge, besides the throe whistles, otherwise delay must occur. On Thursday tho Maggie failed to sond a mossenger in timo, and had to boat upstream whilo tho bridge was boing opened. Mr Haynes wns out to day surveying tho portion .of the West Common which is to befoucod in. They havo a Common bull at Deniliqtiin which screams instoad of roars, and has quito frightonod folks at night. The Doniliquin Chroniclc approvos of tho change in tho Hay-Deniliquin mails, as it will enable peoplo in tho lattor town to got their Sydney papors on Sunday morning. The way in which tho Government ondeavors to mako tho railways pay was illustrated by tho offor thoy made to our local Council to convoy stono for metal from Narraodera, at tho rato of 6s per milofor a train of 10 to 15 trucks. This chargo would bring tho stono for tlio motal up to 20s 3d per cubic yard, whereas wo get tho brick motal bore, brokou, for about 13s. Advanco Now South Walos. Tho Vic torian Govornmont ratos. as shown by a lettor receiitly roceived, woro from Castlemaiue toEehuca 8s 6d, tho distance boing 93 milos. Ix tho clothes of a carrier namod Thomas M. Allen who rocontly died at Jnrildorie, thore woro found bank deposits to tho valuo of £500, four fivors, and somo coins. Carrying sooms to pay. Mn Bright approves of tho suppression of tho National League by tho Salisbury Government. Tub New Zealand elections havo roaultod in tho return of 50 protectionists, 35 freetraders, and 4 doubtfuls.* The following motion was passed by tho Assembly on the motion of Mr Abbott: 1. That, in tho opinion of this llouso, tho Govornmont should, at an oarly date, take the nocesaary stops to inquire into tho ne cessity for orocting ovor tho Darling Rivor, at Wil cannia, at Menindio, and at Wontwo.rth, high lovel bridges. 2; That tlio abovo resolution bo communi cated by address to his Excelloncy the Govornor. Tun late Mr William Lewis, of Sandhurst, livod to 104 years. Ho wat born in Rochester, Kont, in 1783. What a drama he saw playod during his lifo, the length of which is beyond tho slightest dispute. Ho was born boforo thoro was an Australia. His child hood was passod whilo America was bocoming froo, and during tho horrors of tho French Rovolution. Ho was 32 whon Waterloo sottlod tho fato of Europo. Ha was 05 when tho groat rovolution of 1848 broko out. Mr Lewis came ti Victoria whon ho was 74, in 1857\. Mr Lowis was the fathor of 17 children. Ho rotainedhis faculties to the last. His fathor lived to 107. Some very beautiful painting and graining work has boon dono by our local paintor, Mr Hancock, in Mr Haynos' residonco, Moppott street, and wo may stato that it is equal to anything wo havo ovor soon. Mr Hancock, by this work, has shown himsolf to bo an artizan of tho first class, whoso work could not bo ox collod in tho metropolis. Tub wardsman of tho Hillston Hospital thank fully acknowledges tho following donations Mrs Fullarton, a daily donation of milk: also a pair of fowls and somo oggs ; Mr Brooks, a quarter of lamb Mrs O'Donnoll, somo milk; Mrs Stewart, some butter; Mrs Carroll, somo eggs; Mrs Mathews, somo lmttor and oggs. Thoro aro at prosont 8 patients in tho hospital ; 0 ranlos and 2 fom iles. On our back pago will be found country nows nnd tho Council report. Mass will bo held at Piuo Ridgo on Sunday, Oc tober 10th. BISHOP Dunne was at Adelaide at the conferring of the pallium on Dr Reynolds. He then proceeded to Silverton and Broken Hill, where he preached. At Broken Hill he dedicated a church to the Sacred Heart. Ho travelled via Molboumo to Wagga and was presont at tho opening of the now St, Michaol's Church thoro, which was ono of tho greatest '.cero- monios of tho kind iu tho colony. On Sunday next i Lis L -rdship wrllbo at Bourke,whon ho will adminis ter tho Sacramant of Confirm itiou and attend to diocosan mattors. Frdm thenco ho will procoed to Nyngati, and on his way to Hillston ho will tako in Nymagoe, Cobar, and Mount Hopo. Ho will bo at llilUtou on tho 13th Novombor, when it is hopod ho will ho ablo to lay tho foundations of tho new church; toudors for which are called for olsowhttro. Pkotectionist America is in a bad way; thoy can't koop down tho revenue, Thoy havo £20,000,0f)0 anr pluH ovory yoar, and don't know what to do with it. And this in spito of tho fact that during tho last 20 yoars thoy havo paid off a public debt to tho amount of £500,000,000 ! Can't tho Yanks prosont thoir cousins in Now South Walos with a fow millions of tho wealth that so troublos them. We notico that Coloman and Sons, Cootamnndra, for whom Mr Swan, hairdressor, of Lichlun stroot, is agont, havo takon tho first prizo fur oucalyptus oil at tho Adelaido Jubileo Exhibition. Mr Mkakks hps sont up from Melbourne a magni ficent stainod-glass window for tho sanctuary of St. Vi i.-i1 :ti -i. It will be fixed in about a week, Thoro will ijo a coromony at tho nnvoiling and blessing. This cemnony will probably bo porformed by His Lordship Bishop Dunne, whon ho roturns from his diocosan trip. Great preparations aro being mado by tho Catholic ladios to innko tlio Bazaar in January for tho reduc tion of thodobton tho Convonf, 'a succoss. Tho dobtis now £1101). Thoso responsible for tho dobt ought to givo all assistanco. W esijKyan Church. — Divine sorvico will bo con; ducted next Sabbath by Rov G. Thompson. Subject for morning discourso : ' Elemonts of moral science.' Evoning : ' Tho fall and rising of Peter.' Those who wish to buy good milking cows had bottor nttond Wilkinson and Livendor's salo on Saturday, whon thoy olfor 15 hoad mostly halfbrod Aldornoys, somo shorthorns, all with first calf at foot, to a puro Aldornoy bull. Tlio Aldernoy strain is one of tho boat in tho world for milking. Wilkinson and Lavender sell ' Old Wooloondool' aud ' Sandhill' paddocks at an oarly dato — seo advt. Susie : ' Oh! Mamma, I'll itovor disobey you again/ Mamm* : 1 Why, Susie, what havo you dono ?' Susio: 4 Well, I drank my m«lk at lunch and thon I ato — a pickle; and tho milk said to tho pickle, 'Get out' aud the pickle said, 4 1 won't'; and thoy aro having an awful time !' Tho shearing campaign in Victoria has activoly commoncod. Twenty-two stations havo accepted i Union rulos, but all agreements are vorbul. At four i stations strikos have takou placo. i 