THE PERFORMANCE IN ADELAIDE. The announcement some time since that the Adelaide Musical Association intended to produce " The Redemption," which was re garded by Gounod as the crowning work of hie life, excited a very considerable interest in musical circles in this city. Liang before 8 o'clock on Tuesday night the spaciousTown Ball wascompletely filled, and the management were reluctantly compelled to close the sale of tickets. After the gallery and floor of the hall had been filled the organ galleries were made uee of, and still there were many more seeking admission who had to be turned away. Such an unusual state of things speaks volumes for the popularity of the Association, and specially of the high estimate which had been formed of the work which was to be performed. It was announced that 185 persons would take part in the conoert, and probably there were on the platform quite that number. As the snccesB of this work depends principally upon the orohestra special efforts were made to obtain the services of the best instrumen talists that were procurable. It is only lately that we have been able to secure the assistance of the French born, which in the orchestra has so marked an effect in thiB composition. A harp was also included amongst the instruments to play a Bpecial part in one number, but alone it had but little effect, and certainly was not so telling as the composer intended the part should be. The cornets stationed behind the chorus, when trumpets were intended, were effective, though, of course, could not produce the sounds that Gounod desired when he wrote the music for those instruments. The orchestra, however, on the whole was well arranged conaidering the disadvan tages under which a conductor has to labour ' when unable to procure the assistance of entirely professional instrumentalists. It may here be mentioned that Gounod in this work has, in a marked manner, written after the Wagnerian school, making the orchestral features of his work undoubtedly more pro minent than the choral. Thus, while in several of the choruses the voices are singing in unison the instruments are elaborating the most exquisite harmonies I and enchanting themes. This renders the successful production of such a work almost a task of Herculean difficulty when the re sources at hand are considered, and tbe greatest credit is due to Mr. Stevens for the manner in which he has succeeded in workini? up an orchestra composed principally of amateurs in so Bhort a time to such a pitch of perfection. Indeed in very few instances were there any noticeable failings. The arrangement of the Large chorus and baud was such as to give the conductor absolute command over those under his baton. At 8 o'clock His Excellency the Governor and suite arrived, accompanied by His Honor the Chief JuBtice. The Acting-Premier, the President of tbe Legislative Council, and His Worship the Mayor were also present. Their entry wasacknowledged by the full chorus and orchestra performing the National Anthem, Mrs. JameB singing the solo. After the vice regal party were seated the conductor's baton was raised, and the opening notes of the overture by the reeds and horns were heard commencing the weird opening of the over ture depicting the "Creation." Then fol lowed a peculiar passage played by the strings in that chromatic style so charoc teristicof tbecomposer. Beginuingpianisaimo a gradual crescendo was admirably worked up to a grand burst of fortissimo at the finale of this all too short movement. The opening of the vocal numbers marks a strik ing peculiarity of the composition. In stead of the usual style the "narrators" deliver almost throughout the entire work their recits in a sort of monotone, which, unless rendered with a clear enuncia tion, so that the subject may be followed, becomes somewhat monotonous. The first recitative by Mr. J. T. Cook (tenor) was well delivered, and at once won the ad miration of the audience. He possesses a clear, light tenor of considerable compasB and of much purity, which is well worthy of cul tivation. At times his phrasing was not so perfect as could be desired, and towards the end he appeared to have tired his voice. But when the extraordinary difficulties of the notation are considered—difficulties which at first eight might well appear insur mountable to an ordinary amateur, it must be admitted that Mr. Cook was eminently successful in his rendering of the music allotted to him. In his narrative of " JeBUS Appearing to the Holy Women" he was slightly at fault. His best performance was in the number in which the "Saviour's address to 1ub Virgin Mother" is announced. This was sung with great taste and feeling, displaying the sympathetic quality of his voice eminently. The principal basso part was taken by Mr. J. J. Virgo, who like Mr. Cook, has previously not taken a prominent position on the concert platform in this city. His voice is one of much promise, but requires cultivation for the production of those effects which with his natural powers would be a matter of ease to him. In several of his recits. where the de clamatory style iB necessary he was specially successful, especially so in the duet between the two thieves, and again where he had the narration of the circumstances attending the descent of the Holy Ghost. The soprano solos were Bung by Mrs. J. James, but con trary to the general custom in oratorio writing the soprano has in the "Redemp tion" comparatively but an inferior position, the principal solos being written for tenor j and baBS. Mrs. James was hardly so success ful as might have been expected from eo accomplished a vocalist. Her peculiar habit j of uBing the portamento waB most noticeable in several inBtauces, where a clear attack of tbenoteswould havebeenmuchmoreeffeetive. Her delightfully clear resonant voice was, ho w ever, eminently adapted to the few soIob she had to sing, and her unstrained attack of the C in alt was such as to provoke applauBe even when the audience had almost through out the concert decoiously abstained from showing their appreciation in the usual manner. In the concerted numbers Mrs. James was remarkably correct, and displayed eminently her skill as a musician. Miss J McDermott (contralto) sang the "Angel's Song" in the " Resurrection and Ascension" very correctly, rendering this chromatic movement exactly, but her voice is hardly such as might be considered the best con tralto procurable. It is somewhat hard and unsympathetic, though as a leader in a chorus with her correct reading would prove of great value. Mr. H. G, Nash, one of our best baritoneB, was successful in bis render ing of the solos in which the Saviour's words aregiven. Hiseinging throughout was marked by that study which usually characterizes Ms performances, though once or twice a more vigorous treatment of the theme would have been advisable. When tbe Saviour appears to the apostles and ad dresses them with the words, "Be not afraid," it would be imagined that life and spirit should be infused into the address, which was intended to reassure the faltering | and fearful followers instead of merely exhorting them to caBt off their fears. In one instance Mr. Nash, too, was slow in his opening notes. The few duets, trioB, and quartets occurring in the work were perhaps the only weak points in the whole performance, though i considering the material upon which the conductor had to work the failings in these features were not without excuse. The semi-! choruses, sung by about twelve, were, how ever, excellently rendered. Next to the orchestra the higheBt praise is due to the chorus. Those who know anything of the music can understand what almost insuperable difficulties of notation abound in the choral numbers of the " Re demption." They comprise the most unusual variations in key, and occasionally of time. Yet, notwithstanding this, the choruses were remarkably well sung. Occasionally there was a want of smartueBS in some peculiar change of key, when a few of the leading sopranos were beard slightly before the other parts, but generally there waB that exact precision which bespeaks the thorough drilling of a con ductor who is a master of his business. In the unisonal choruses especially every voice seemed to strike and finish the notes exactlytogetber. Theehortone-beatrestswere accurately observed, and the crescendos and diminuendos in numberless instances were splendidly worked out. Withoutthis proper regard for light and shade the best of music is little better than mere noise, and to the credit -of the conductor it iB to be noted that he never fails to give effect to the composer's design in this direction. In the " Redemption" the composer has un doubtedly given the premier position to the orchestra, as the whole BucceBS of the music is dependent upon the instruments. In several of the unisonal ohoruses the orchestra has occasionally the working out in a most elaborate manner the subject, and in the absence of the greatest care failure would be certaiD. In only one instance was their indecision noticeable, and that was in the " Hymn of the Apostles," where, after a pause, they failed to attack the notes, but the soloiets and conductor admirably con trived to avert an awkward mishap. The " Calvary March" and notably that sublime illustration of the " Darkness" were Hpsci mens of instrumentation which hare rarely been produced before an Adelaide audicnc. In the former the alternating fortissimo and pianissimo bars were_ played with ab solute precision, and in the latter the weird effect intended by the com poser was most skilfully brought out. It muBt have been the nnanimons opinion that never before have we had presented in Adelaide so masterly an interpretation of such music, and as before Btated the lion's share of the credit is due to those who were included in the orchestra. Speaking gene rally cf the concert it must be admitted that Mr. Stevens has achieved an immense success. With material far inferior to what might be considered necessary to give a fair representation of the idea of Mods. Gonnod, and with all the obstacles which follow the absence of professional musicians, he has delighted the mnsical public with such an exhibition as they have never before enjoyed. With an almost per fect chorus and orchestra, and with fairly good soloists, he has presented to us the " Redemption"—a far more difficult work than the ordinary oratorios—in such a manner as to afford us a very fair idea of what mast have caused such a sensation at the Birming ham Mnsical Festival, when the choice of the best English vocalists was open to the condnctor. In the management and control of all those nnder his command Mr. Stevens has proved himself to be a thorough master, and we hope that he may long remain in the city to affcrd us further opportunities of enjoying the result of his skill. Mention of the services, of Mr. Mc Bride (leader), Signor Squarise (principal violoncellist), and Mr. Pybus (organist) must be made, for to these gentlemeD much of the success of the orchestra is attributable. The Association will at once take into rehearsal Sullivan's " On Shore and Sea," Squarise's " Miserere," and sundry part-songs, which will form the programme of a concert to be given in about two months' time. 