THE SPREAD OF INFECTION. \- ±Low to prevent the spread of infectious disease is & very serious problem of the present day. It is satisfactory to note that a movement has been initiated with a view to at least preparing the way for further legislation on the subject. The deputation from the Su. Peters Corporation which waited upon the Attorney- General on Thursday had not sufficiently for mulated their ideas to ensure much pros pect of success in the immediate object of 'their mission. They wanted a Bill to enable Boards of Health to prevent infectious patients from moving into any uninf acted locality. jBut evidently they were not prepared to accept; the full consequences of their representa-; tions. Mr. Kingston, who ha3 a severely logical way of putting things,1 showed .at once that if all Local Boards of Health were empowered to reject say a aick digger from Teetulpa, the result would be that the man would be forced to stay-in his tent and would be deprived of proper nursing. ; This, however, does not Bettle the whole matter. As Mr. Trudgeon very reasonably pointed out, -it only empha sizes the necessity for the establishment of a fever ward at the Hospital or a special institution for the treatment of in fectious diseases. - Even Buch a reform, although beneficial, would not be complete! The most dangerous class of -infectious patients are .those whose friends will neither keep, their 'places clean nor seek for their: admission to an hospital The most effective way of stamp ing out infectious disease would be to establish a power of .compulsory removal to a public institution carried on under the strictest sanitary rules. Are the public prepared for this? Until they are it will be possible to touch only the fringe of the large, subject of the preven tion of the spread of infectious diseases. ; As regards those possibilities of infection which arise from diseases' in animals, however, the law requires immediate amendment/There ia one source of disease -precautions against which, have been strangely neglected by the Legis lature in almost every country' in the world, and that Is contaminated milk. . If a diseased cow dies or is killed and the meat is sold for human food the vendor may be rigorously prosecuted and heavily fined. Prosecutions of this sort are frequently undertaken, and all the activity of the officers both of the Corpo ration and of the Central Board of .Health is sometimes urgently needed to prevent the distribution of meat which might produce widespread disease and misery. Yet there is not the slightest donbl that contaminated rn'fc ia far' more injurious to health than diseased meat. Som e fever germs when placed in milk multiply and increase at a rate which is almost Incon ceivable. In fact, the latest scientific evidence goes to show that certain of the most virulent forms of disease are very frequently conveyed into the systems of human beings by this means. It is am acknowledged fact that among the cattle in South Australia tuberculosis is considerably on the increase. From time to time reports are received as to its having shown iteelf in different parts of the colony. There can be little doubt that the rnjTk obtained from animals suffering from this terrible malady is In jurious to health ; and it is more than likely that many of the cases of what ia generally known as galloping consumption owe thelr-origin to some contagion of this Bort. The relations between tuberculosis in man and in the lower animals are only known as yet but very partially. But certainly it would be a less dangerous habit to drink water out of a Btreet gutter than to continue to drink milk from an animal suffering from the disease. : . Then, again, dairy * cows may become the means of disseminating other dreadful maladies. There is now said to be one poor animal at Norwood whose head is a sickening spectacle with cancer. Those who have approaohed it declare that the smell from it is abominable. Yet the 'rillr from this cow can be distributed all over the place, In small quantities. Of course it Is the duty of the authorities, both veterinary and sanitary, to urge that animals of this sort should be destroyed ; and in the work of discovering such cases it must be admitted that great diligence is shown. But something more than mere advjee Is required. A milk- vendor who uses a cow Buffering from tuberculosis or cancer is a public enemy, and ought to be dealt with not by advice, but by the stern rigour of the law. In the meantime, until the law can be amended in this reapect, we would strongly recommend heads of families to make a point of inspecting the places from which their milk supply ia obtained. Indeed, the same precaution is needed in reference to other articles of food. Bakers whohave their kneading-troughs very close to closets and stables and filthy back yards, and butchers whose premisss are reeking with offal are not unknown in Adelaide and its seighbourhood. It is only the extreme case3 that can ba dealt with, by tne Boards of Health. Thoroughly healthy conditions are only to be enforced by watchfulness on the part of private individualE, and byadetermination'togive their custom only to those tradesmen who recognise that the first maxim of their calling should be 'Cleanliness is next to godliness.' Exhibition Visitoes.— It is evident that South Australia will not during Ex hibition times lack opportunity for sustaining the reputation which ifc has gained for hospitality. A succession of gueate worthy df the highest honours and the most friendly attentions that can ba bestowed upon them will visit Adelaide during the present year, and it behoves South Australians to ri3e to tb.8 occa sion. Last night farewells were ex changed with some of the leading public men of Yictoria who have been spending a few days among us, and to-day we shall have the pleasing duty of welcoming His Excellency Sir Henry Loch (Governor of that colony) and Lady Loch, and Mr. Murray Smith, President of the Commission for the Jubilee Exhibi tion. A few days hence the pleasing duty will devolve upon us of giving a : «ordial greeting : to Lord Oarringtony-Her Majesty's representative in New South Wales, who, lika Sir Henry Loch, will bo received as a familiar friend rather than a casual visitor. Spaaking of the gentle men who left by special train on Thurs day night, it can hardly be said* that they have been overwhelmed by official courtesies. They have made good usa of their time in familiarizing them selves with the Exhibitionj and with Adelaide and its surroundings, ar.d they are kind enough, to express themselves gratified with what they have seen. Bat it cannot be forgotten that amongst them were the Premier of the neighbouring colony and two of Ms 'Ministerial col leagues, and it is not to be wondered at that there should be in many quarters a feeling of disappointment that, during their stay here no public interchange; of neighbourly sentiment should have taken place. The few remarks ~tbTat'7f?ere made at the Exhibition Building hardly compensated for the official recognition: which might appropriately have bseu accorded them. Probably the visitors were just as well pleased that this atten tion was riot paid them — ~that'™Siey were left pretty much to their own devices — but it ia difficult to resist the feeling that a golden opportunity for bringing tha Ministers and legislators of Yictoria and of South Australia together has not been made the most of. The Parliament of the neighbouring colony suspended its sittings to allow of this visit, so that it is to be regarded aa a semi-official one. Ministers can, no doubt, plead 'as aa excuse for any shortcomings that they are immersed in the business of prepar ing a policy and formulating measures for presentation to Parliament, and here it is clear the matter must now oa 4eft. It is satisfactory to know that the two Premiers have been able to exchange views upon various topics, and if the fullest advantage haa not been taken of the chance of conferring with other Minis terial visitors upon points of common in terest the Government, considering their many pressing engagements, can hardly be blamed for this. All will join in the hope that Mr. Gillies and his colleagues will not only be able to revisit Adelaide before the Exhibition oloees. but that they will be in a. position to make a longer stay. It is to be hoped tod that by that time any difficulties in the way of arranging for a public interchange of kindly sentiments will have been re moved, 'r. .' i The South - Eastebn Lands. — The delegates who met at Narracoorte on Wednesday to consider the land question, particularly with reference to the .country in the South-East offered for lease, but subsequently withdrawn by the late Government at the instigation of the people of the district, did not throw much light upon the subject. It is very much like trifling with an important public question for people to Becure the post ponement of the operation of the law with a view to getting a reform carried oat and then give no satisfactory information as to the direction which the reform should take. Some of the delegates were evidently disposed to deal with the question on the broad grounds of public policy and not in its merely local aspects, but the majority took a narrower view of the subject. The only point on which; the dele gates were unanimous was as to the appointment of- a Land Board, ' though there was a difference of opinion as to its constitution. The meeting, by a majority of one, carried a motion in favour of selection of first-class land up to 1,000 acres, and of leasing second-class land in blocks of 3,000 acres. It is understood that the Commis sioner of Crown Lands will bring in legislation dealing with this : Bub ject, but the hon. gentleman will not receive much assistance from the labours of the delegates, well meant as their proffered assistance undoubtedly is. The ex-Commissioner had a striking -illus- tration of the fickleness of popular support; and there is no reason to suppose that the present Commissioner will be more fortunate if he allows his judgment to be influenced by the vote of a few residents who have met to discuss the best way of disposing of the South Eastern lands. There are two considera tions that are generally lost sight of by Buch gatherings. The one is that the first settlement .. of the land7 is only a very small part of the problem, and the other ib that the public generally are as much interested in the disposal of thi3 territory as those who hope to become 'the possessors of a part of it. We trust the pre sent Government will make an 'earnest effort to bring about uniformity in the method of dealing with the lands of the colony, and that they will avoid the im position of conditions which cannot be enforced, and which are a nuisance to the bona-fide occupier without yielding any benefit to the State; Viceregal Guests.— Admiral and Mrs. Fairfax, Miss Dundas, Captain Hammill, and Lieutenant Krskine {FlSg Lieutenant), who have been His Excellency's guests at Government House Bince the 16th instant,, left Adelaide on Thursday. The Admiral proceeds to Sydney in R.M.S. Nelson^; MrSi Fairfax and Miss Dnndaa travel overland via Melbourne. His Excellency Sb Henry Loch, Lady Loch, two daughters, and Private Secretary will arrive at Government House on a visit to His Excellency on Friday morning, and will remain until ths following Wednesday. On Saturday evening Sir Henry Loch will accompany His Excellency the Governor to a dinner to be given by the Victorian CommiesionerB. On Monday even ing there will be an official dinner party at Government House. - The Mikistby and the Pabuameut.-— The members of the Government have been very busily eDgafced this week in preparing: the policy which is to be submitted to Par liament on Tuesday next. Considerable in terest ia being manifested in the speech to be delivered by the Premier on that occasion* It is Mr. Play ford's intention to state con cisely, and as briefly aa possible, the proposi tions which hfs Ministry are prepared to initiate, aad there will then probably be ft Bhort discussion. This concluded, the business on the Notice-paper will be proceeded with, and a number of Eilla will be introduced by Ministers. In the Legislative Council the Chief Secretary will make the Ministerial ' statement We believe that it is the inten tion of ths Government to reduce the salaries of Civil eervants, but we are not aware OS what basis the reduction will be made. .'; AEEIYAIi O3? THE EKGIJSH MAH.-*Th& B.M.S, Carthage arrived at Glenelg at mid night on Thuraday, having been sighted afc 11.25 p.m. She reports a fine passage except: between King George's Sound and -Cape Borda, when heavy head winds^pre vsiled. Mr. R. Murray Smith, Iat« Agent-General of Victoria, and ' ; Mr, Phil EobiDEou, tha DcUy News war corre spondent, are passengers bylthia boat. Mr.. E. E. Minchia, the Direstor of the Adelaide Zoological Gardens, who is on bis way here by one of the Orient steamers, baa Bent oat by the Carthage two large owls,. two ravens, one jackall, and 'two animals of the -wild cat species. All 'the. specimens are In excellent condition. ' 'Mr. A. C. Minchnj weat on board to take charge-' of them, and Mr. C. J. Valentine, (Met Inspector of Stock, passed them for landing^ Retestjz Betueks. — Ths approximate revenue retarna for the year and quarter ended on June SO bLow that the total receipts for the year were £1,868,273, being £375,290 Ies3 than the Treasurer's estimate in KoTeinber, 1SG6. They are slso £410,765-. below the income for the year ending June SOj 18S3. This difference ic, however, more apparent than real. Both periods include sums other than ordinary revenue, and allow ing for thesa the later period falls short of the earlier by about £195.000. Contrast ing the details of the two periods there is a . faUiDg-ofFin Customs of £102,000, in laud and income tax of £86,000, explained by thd- ewfier period inckding nearly two' y££af tsxBfli anff m territorial ofS^bdb. 'Iatlie postal and telegraph service there & a. Blight increaBe, shd ia tiie laflwaya an advance of £23,000. ATI Hiahh' jtemB except territorial * shew an advance' for the quarter. - ' ^Thb Pbkhieb o* Victoria.— -The ;Hon. D. Gillies' (Premier of Victoria) had a , long interview with the Hon.' T. Play ; ford an Thursday morning; The other _- ' members of the South' Australian Ministry 'present were the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. G. Ramsay}, the Commisaioner of Public Works (Hon. A. Catt), and the Commis sioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. Coles). Sevsral snbjectB were introduced. The Vic torian Premier asked if it were tie intentton of ' South Arstedia this year to join the Federal Council. Mr. Flayford replied that the Government had not determined what action ? they would take witH 'regard to the matter. We understand, however, that it is im probable they wHl ceek to have the colony represented in the Council ; at any rate, not for the present; Some vain able information was obtained from Mr. Gillies by the South Australian Ministers with reference to the working of the Civil Service and Railway Boards. . This no doubt will be used by our Government in bringing in their Bills dealing with these -subjects; The Premier paid another visit of inspection in the afternoon ta theJubBee Exhibition. In reply to a question' from a representative of this paper Mr. Gillie* said he was very much pleased with the Exhibition, which he supposed would be even more attractive when completed. He, however, regrets that the exhibits of the various countries repre sented are bo scattered in various parts of the buildings. Personally he should have been better pleased to have seen the Vic torian flTfrifiifrj shown together, even if the space allotted to the Commission had been smaller than what it is. As regards the machinery from Victoria, it was placed in such an out-of-the-way part of the Exhibi tion that very few persons would ever Bee It. Messrs. Gillies, Walker, and Dow, and a large number of the members of the Victorian Parliament returned to Melbourne by the special train which left Adelaide at 9 o'clock p.m. On the platform to see them off were assembled, in addi tion to Colonel Sargood and Mr. Cameron, several of our prominent citizens, including the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. G. Ramsay), the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. Coles), the Minister of Education (Hon. J. CL f . Johnson), Sir John Downer, Hon. I-. Murray, M.L.C., Hon. J. C. Bray, M.P.r Mr. P. Glynn, M.P., and the Conservator of Fcreata. As the train left the station three cheers were accorded the visitors on the call of the Hon. J. G. Bamsay. The Octgodtg Mail.— The R.M.S. Kaisar I-Hind arrived at Glenelg on Thursday morning at 9.35, having had a fine passage from Sydney and Melbourne. She sailed at 5.30 p.m. There was very little cargo to put on board. The Attstbat.tatt Sqttadbos.— H.M.S.S. Nelson and Opal left the anchorage off Glenelg at L45 p.m. on Thursday, bound for Sydney. The Melbourne Cbhtekhiaii Exhtbitiok. — By the special train whiah left Adelaide on Thursday nigh't Mr. C. A. T. Lavater, Secre tary of the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition, returned to Victoria. The object of Mr Lavater'a visit to Adelaide was to inspect the arrangements made for the holding cf our Exhibition, and to secure support for the forthcoming Centennial Exhibition In Mel bourne. Ha has obtained valuable informa tion, which he thinks will be of service to him, and most gratifying promises of rapport from the principal exhibitors. Estebiaisis'g oub VisnoBS. — On Thurs day morning several members of the Mel bourne City Council, accompanied by the Mayoress, accepted the invitation of the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.) to drive to Mcunt Lofty. The following com prised the party:— The Mayor of Adelaide and Mrs. Smith, the Mayoress of Melbourne (Mrs. Cain), Mrs. Fitzg&bon;, Alderman Benjamin, Councillor Terry and the two Miss Terrys, Councillor Tuckett and Mrs. Tuckett, Councillor Walker, Councillor Bowen, Coun cillor Zevenboom and Mrs. Hntchms, Coun cillor Peirce and Mrs Peirce,. Councillor Garton and Mrs. Garton, The Mayor and the Town Clerk of Melbourne were pre vented from going, as they had previously made an engagement to lunch with His Ex cellency the Governor. On Thursday His Excellency entertained the following mem bers of the Victorian Ministry and Parlia ment at luncheon at Government House:— The Hons, D. Gillies, James Munro, J. Dow, F. Walker, and J. Gavan Dun?, and Messrs. J. ShackeD, William Cain (Mayor of Mel bourne), and E. G. Fitzjdbbon (Town Clerk of Melbourne). The Hon Mr.Paterson, Post master-General of Queensland, was also pre sent. His Worship the Mayor has issued invita tions to the Council Chamber for Friday morning to accord a welcome to those mem bers of the Melbourne and Sydney City Councils who are in the city. Reeubs o? the Bet. T. Hope.— It is ex pected that the Rev. T. Hope, pastor of Clayton Church, trill arrive in Adelaide by train from Melbourne on Saturday. During his six months' absence from the colony he has visited both Europe and America. In a letter just received by a friend in Adelaide Mr. Hope states that hs had almost arranged to come over from San Francisco in the HI tated Celtic, but at the last moment he took passage in the City of Borne. His health is very good. Probably he will preach at Clayton Church on Sunday evening next. On Tuesday a public welcome will be tendered to him at Clayton Church. EABLY-SOW2T TteA-RTvum WHEAT. — We have received a sample of African Bearded Wheat from Mr. C. F. Pyman, of Wandearah West. It is fully 30 inches in height, and is just coming into ear. Mr. Pyman thus gives his ideas as to thelvariety in question :— ' I for ward to you with this mail a sample of bearded wheat which has been growing just ten weeks. This is the first year I have grown any. I took great interest hi your re ports of last harvest, where I noticed that some of your correspondents advised fanners to bow the African Bearded Wheat early. I think the sample I send will show that it will not do to sow it early, for if a heavy frost should come (as we may expect any time next mouth) while it is in bloom it would have far more effect on it than red rust; I have also sown some in the begin ning of May and June, so that I shall know after this when is the best time to sow it. The land the sample was grown on has had one crop of three bushels taken from it last year, and this year I scarified it in and then rolled it without harrowing before any rain felL3 Rasa Avis.— On June 29 Mr. W. J. Horswfll, Harbourmaster at Glenelg, found a very rare species of crake upon the jetty. It had evidently flown against the rails of the jetty daring the night, and was killed The bird is known as the spotted water crake (Parzana finminea), bat on account of Its habit of trusting to its running and hiding powers more than to its powers oi flight it is very rarely- sees, ChudbeTs FEES.— On Thurad&y; afternoon a very successful children's fete was opened by His Excellency the Governor at Whinham College in aid. of the funds of the Bishop's Home Mission Fund. Tme J.ktji Mrt, G. F&ASO3.;— An excellent portrait of the late Mr, G. Francis, F.H.S. \hn .first Superintendent of the Adelaide Jkrtanis Gardens, has been painted in oils bj his daughter, Mrs. Henry Anson, cf for Afl»1*'fa, and presented by her to the Boarc cf Governors. - Wf*fr thn Tniapifi«TiT»»mT r^nrac teristio of thoroughly genuine devotees oi \- -science- Dr. Schomburgk has had this likenes of his old friend and fellow- labourer inthi \- field of botany hong in the best and moe prominent positron— over the door of thi BCTfrn-TtnTTi in' the Museum of Bcanomi Boiany£he Doctor's own particular sanctam The portrait is a good one, showini tiie Subject is three-quarter length, while tin fa^ft ig slightly turned aside, revealing thi character of the countenance in a skilful wa j Mr. Francis was appointed Superintenden of the Adelaide Botanic Garden, when it wa established in 1855, and laid out the ground with great skill and taste,, and hut name wi] ' everhe :worthirj associated with its infancs mb Dr. Schoroburgk'a name moatTeveribe witi its present development^ as one of the moa 1 picturesque and beautifully laid-out places- o public retort in the colonies* ^.Thb Soxjth-Eastebh LA2TD3.— On Thurs day morning the members for Albert (Messrs. B. A.MouIden and A. D. Handyside), and the members for Victoria (Messrs. D. Livingstone and F. E. H. W. Krichaufl) had an interview with tha CommiHaioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. Coles) with reference to the settlement of the land in the South-Eaat. It is the inten tion of the Commissioner to introduce into Parliament a Bill dealing with the subject. ' The Maeixe Boahb. — At the meeting of the Marine Board on Thursday a memorial was. received from a large number of the residents of Stanabury asking that a channel might be deepened to Allow steamers to go alongside the jetty at low water. Is was decided to obtain reports on the matter. The verdict of the Jury in the Inqae3t on the recent drowning case at Qaeenscliffe was forwarded by the Treasurer, bat the matter was one for the Public Works Department to deal with. In reply to a letter from the Adelaide Steamship Company the Board said that the leases for the North-parade Wharfs made no mention of wharfage rates. A com plaint as to the bad state of the road leading to the North Arm Magazine was referred to the officers fox a report. It waa decided to retain the Port Germein lightship for the present. A complaint against the master of the Otago for not making room for the J. L, TTnil when ordered to move by the Wallaroo Harbourmaster was received, and if it is found that reasonable notice was given the master is to be prosecuted for a preach of the harbour regulations. The new arrangement of officers was sanctioned. Postal Deuveby at Thsbaetox.— A poll of theratepayers was taken at ThebartonTown Hall on Thursday for the purpose of adopting or rejecting the Mayor's proposal for a general mail delivery. At present the town of Thebarton possesses four post-offices, situated in Old Thebarton, West Thebarton, New Thebarton, and New Mile-End. None of the postmasters are supposed to de liver the mails, though they are de livered in some cases. In consequence of the inconvenience to business people and those who reside a distance from either of these offices the Corporation have moved in the matter and interviewed the Postmaster-General on the subject; The Mayor proposed to have one central post office erected, and a complete postal delivery throughout the town. Considerable opposi tion has been shown to the Bcheme pro posed. Great interest was taken in the voting, and cabs were plyinz all daylong bringing voters to the polL To allow work ing men to vote the. hour of closing the poll was extended to 7 o'clock'- p.m., and at that hour quite a crowd had gathered round the Town Hall, and eagerly awaited the result of the scrutiny. The following are the results of the voting :— For, 90 ; against, 214 ; No. voted, 306 ; informal, 2 ; majority against proposed alterations, 124. The announcement was received with cheers. WBECK OB THE BeIGANTETE ASS AND Mabt. — It was stated in a telegram in Thursday's Register that the brigan tine Ann and Mary, which foundered at sea on Saturday last, was owned by Mr. W. Evans, of Adelaide. We believe that was so until a year or two ago. The latest issue of the 'Register of Australian and New Zealand Shipping'' give the owners as Lawrence & Wells, of Lyttelton. The vessel is not insured in any South Australian Company. BArsTAii.— Fully 6 inches of rain fell in Adelaide last month, making a total for the first six months of this year of about 13g inches. This is more than 9} inches above that registered daring the corresponding six months of last year, and about 3£ inches above the average of the previous forty-eight years. trAEDHEE MEMOTCTAT. JttTJHX-.— me OTU1K ing fountain which the committee of the above decided upon erecting at the Botunda is fast approaching its completion, fhe fountain is erected on three flights of Port Victor granite, forming a raised plateau, upon which it stands. The design is of the classical order, with rounded columns and dome. The shafts of the columns are of Kapunda blue marble, and the cap and base are beautifully moulded out of white marble. Its shape is square, having four columns, one at each corner, with the drinking basin in the centre surmounted by the dome, which is a handsome piece of work carved out of one block of white marble. On either aide of the dome is a circular pediment, and in the space thus left is a wreath surrounding a shield, upon which is the inscription, 'Fireman Gardner's Memorial, 1887.' The dome is surmounted by a moulded and carved vase. Every material used is South Aus tralian, the fountain being all marble,, and when erected this will be one of the handsomest marble fountains in the colony. The work and design reflect great credit upon the carver. Mr. F. Herring, West terrace. It is expected that in about a fortnight's time the fountain will be erected. ' Last Macbeth.'— At the ordinary meet Ing of the Pirie-atreet Young Men's Society held on Thursday evening Mr. F. Chappie, B.A., B.Sa, gave an interesting lecture on Shakspeare's ' Lady Macbeth.' The Bev. S. Knight presided, and there was a large attendance of members and their friends. The lecture was delivered in an interesting style, and was freely interspersed with recita tions by Mr. Chappie illustrative of the prominent features of Lady Macbeth's character. In concluding tha lecturer said that .the actions of the 'fiend- like queen,' while they made them shudder, roused their compassion. He admired her indomitable will and the amount of energy she showed. Love for her husband was the keynote of her conduct. She always respected him to the entire forgetfulness of self. She was a lady of the rarest powers and a thorough woman. Her fall was a scathing warning to those who had pride, overweening Belf ?reliance, and a lack of readiness to enter the kingdom of heaven as children. The lecture was much appreciated, and was greeted with applause. Probates.— During the week ended June 30 the following probates and letters of adminis tration were granted:— Probates— Caroline Wflhelmina Newmann, of North Adelaide, £200 ; Ann Higgins, of Adelaide, £475 ; J. H. B. Keller, of Nuriootpa, £1,250 ; A. A. Byard, of Adelaide, £20; John Evans, of Goodwood, £40 : W. Toms, of Strathalbyn, £1,300 ; John Variey, of Kapunda, £5,500 ; F. J. D. Wehl, of Millicent, £100 ; Joseph Grundy, of Bapid Bay, £30,000 ; Eichard Carrick, of Adelaide, £13; J. A. Holden, of Semaphore, £900. Letters of Administration— P. F. Bodeker, of Hackney, £400; Sarah F. Jewell, of Blanchetown,£110; C. W. A. Kirchner, of College Park, £400 ; Elizabeth Carr, of Mount Gambier, £451; O. G. von der Dippe, of Maiola, £10; Philip Cocking, of Adelaide, before Act ; W. Branson, of Tarlee, £1,000. Postal Facilities.— It is announced that on and after July 1 two mails will be dis patched dally to Goolwa, Middleton, Fort Elliot, and Victor Harbour, closing at the G.P.O. at 6,5 a.m. and 3.25 p.m. respectively. Bat only one daily mail will bs received from the above offices, viz., at 6.30 p.m. -The Cbadocs 'Ghost.' — Mounted-con- stable Thomas, under instructions from head quarters, h&s; withdrawn the information aid by him under the Police Act against tha Hamsdcrf family for impositionj the authorities not deeming the case to bs 028 calling for the interference of ^e police GfcSiSLAL Orders.— ^ The Brigadier-General Commandant wishes to express hi3 satis faction at the manner in which the two companies A (Moonta) and B (Hammond) of the Volunteer Mounted Infantry acquitted themselves on the occasion o! their being brought to Adelaide for the military de monstration cf the 21st instant. This waa the first appearance of sach troops on a public occasion in South Australia, and officers and men well earned the praise be stowed upon them by the cublic The weather waa most tr jing for both men and horses, but thejneonvaniencea Sue to it when it camp were borne as a whole most cheer fully by the men, and without bad effects on the horsee. The result show3 how useful an addition the Volunteer Mounted Infantry will be to the forces of the colony. The material for such a force, both in men and horses in the country districts, is of a' hardy and excellent description, nor in case of emergency would there be any difficulty in assembling it for the defence of the capital, if necessary, A Company marched from doonta to Adelaide, some 110 miles, in about thirfy six hours ; while the B Company (horses and men) was brought down from Hammond, over 200 miles from Adelaide, in less than forty-eight hoars. During the pressure of work en ths railway lines, due to public holiday and to the difficulty of giviEg sufficiently long notice to the Bail way Department a certain delay and inconve nience ensued in the carriage of a portion of the horses, as the requisition of the Military Department could not be thoroughly carried out, but this is a difficulty which it is hoped will be overcome in tht future. Officers com manding are desired to explain to their men how important it is for this purpose that the exact number of horses for which carriage is required should be furnished to the Staff Adjatant if possible ten days at least before the carriage is required. The Brigadier General Commandant hopes in the comse of the next three months to be able to arrange for the mounted infantiy being brought to Adelaide for a review and field-day. The Commandant is sure that the other com panies will in men case emulate A and B Companies in their appearance and bearing, and show by soldierly conduct in overcoming small inconveniences' and difficulties how valuableaforcetheywill prove to their country. Arrangements have been made to deliver a conrse of lectures on military subjects at the Lecture Hall of the Adelaide University, kindly lent for the occasion by the Council. These lectures will be given by the Comman dant and members of the staff of the forces. Officers and senior non- commissioned officers (of the rank of sergeant and above) are invited to attend. AKOTHEB WAB COEEESPOlvDEST 15 AUS TBALIA.— Mr. Phil Robinson, late war corre spondent of the London Daily Telegraph, arrived in Australia to-day by the Bteamer Carthage, the object of his visit being to deliver lectures in the principal towns. Although only 37 years of age, he has had an experience full of adventure and daring in many lands. Ekgetemas's and Fibeman's Association. —A special meeting of the Engineman's and Fireman'B Association was held on Thursday evening, June SO, in the Y.M.C.A. Buildings. Mr. J. W. Spurr presided. Mr. Stock, M.P., President of the S.A. Mutual Railway Asso ciation, who attended by invitation, ex .plained the origin and objects of the recently formed Mutual Association of Railway Em ployee. There was no selfish motive on his part when he suggested the formation of the Association. His desire was to bring the railway servants together as a body. In round numbers there were 5,000 railway ser vants banded together as an Association in each of the colonies of New South Wales and Victoria. In Sonth Australia, roughly esti mating, there were about 3,000 men employed on the railways. The chief reason for the formation of the new Association was to plead the cause of master and servant. Already about 1,000 persons had promised to join the Mutual Association. He looked for ward to the time when the Association would be able to support a library, and when its funds could be apportioned for accident and sick allowances, and for the support of widows and children of deceased members. It was explained that there might be other Societies — such aa the En gineman'a and Fireman's Association — so Ions as all railway servants were connected in some way with the head Association. The following resolutions were carried : — ' That the Engineman's and Fireman's Association shall retain its present position, but shall nse its utmost endeavours to induce all its members to become members of the new Mutual Association, and that its members shall work in harmony with the objects of the New Mutual Association.' ' That the Engineman'a and Fireman's Association and its members who may join the new Mutual Association Bhall elect two enginemen, who shall be members of both Associations, and that the firemen shall nominate a fireman to be a representative also, the same fireman to be a member of both Associations.' S.A. Coasttkg Seames s Ukiok. — The usual meetinst of this Union was held in the Working Men's 'Hall, Church-street, Port Adelaide, on Thursday evening. Mr. Ivor McGillivray, J.P., presided over a good attendance of members. One new member was elected. The Secretary of the Working Men's Association wrote, thanking the Union for giving their Bupport to ithe cele bration of their anniversary. A letter was received from the Coasters' Associa tion with reference to a complaint made by the Union about the Dashing Wave and Active carrying non-Union men. It stated that until the m&sterB; of the vessels named had attended a meeting of that body nothing could be done. They understood that the question of how the small vessels were to bs manned had not yet been fully settled, and suggested that the subject of the letter should stand over until that was settled. Received. A member of the Union made a complaint that Captain Smidt, of the schooner Grace Darling, had acted unfairly towards, him. It was decided that Captain Smidt and the member who shipped be sum moned before the Society to answer the charges made. A member who was expelled for Bhipping under the Union rate wrote, regretting hia action, and asked to be allowed to rejoin. Left for the Committee of Management to decide. A member stated that when the dispute in connection with the Fleur de Maurice arose they threatened to run an opposition ferryboat. He was glad to say that there were now two opposition boats running. This had so interfered with the Ferry Company that at a meeting on Wed nesday ni&ht; they considered the advisability of reducing the fares from Id. to a halfpenny. Several members spoke and hoped the opposition boats would meet with success. It was decided that all members of the Union who had occa sion to cro£3 the water should patronise the opposition boats on account of Captain Walker's action with the Fleur de Maurice. The Potato Teade.— The Border Watch writeB : — ' A correspondent has courteously sent us the following table of the tariff charged per ton in tha two colonies for the articles specified over a distance of 300 miles :— Dairy produce, not otherwise S.A. Victoria. specified - - .. .. £3 10 2 £5 S i Bacon.. .» -. .. _ 3 10 ! B 8 4 Butter .. ? S 10 S 6 8 4 Cbeese .. .. — - 3*10 2 4 S 4 Eees_ .. .. — —643 684 Potatoes .. .. ~ .. 110 3 0 19 0 According to this the . tariff used in this colony for all the lines of goods, except pota toes, to which reference was made is more in favour of the producer here than in Vic toria, and in so far as they are concerned the inference that our railways are less liberally worked than those of our neighbours does not hold good. It will be noticed, however, that there is a very great disparity in the rate of the two colonies for potatoes. While the Victorian authorities are content with 19a. per ton those of Sonth Australia ask 30a. 3d., ajdifference that to thefgrower would mean a very big profit or a very big loss. We have reason to believe that an effort will be made shortly to briagthetwo rates closer together by reducing the charge on our lines, and we again express tha hope that this reduction will be snch that oar potatoes can be de livered under it in Adelaide at not less than 25a T.^r ton. Our e^n^popdent also- notes tte following point in whi-J£ oar railways excel the Victorian, In trying to meet the public convenience: — 'As regards small parcels of batter, eggs, fresh fruit, and dead poultry, a package cf say 112 lb. can be sent from the Mount xo Adelaide by passenger train in one day for 7a.; whereas the like parcel Eent the Eame distance in Victoria by passenger train wonld cost 14s.' That ia to Eay, Email parcels ?will be carried by pas senger tralna at something less than Id. per ib., a rate which should permit of our farmers opening np a wide trade with private con sumers and tradesmen in the metropolis and along the whole rente of the railway.' Aitatrs ik Tokga.— The latest news to hand from Suva as to the state of affairs in Tonga (says the Sydney Echo of June 28) is of anything but a reassuring nature, and it would appear that the visit of the Hleh Com missioner for the Western Pacific {Sir Charles Mitchell) has not had a very permanent effect in restoring security for the Wesleyans in those islands. Mr. Baker and his party have not scrupled to act in direct contradic tion to the promises made to the High Com mUfiioner, taking every means short of actual violence to intimidate and^haraaa those who wish to return to the old Church; People are not allowed to go from one place to another to hold service, and these who attend services of the old Church are warned that they will suffer for it at no distant date. All these facts ' serve to indicate that the representations of the British Government have been almobS com pletely disregarded, and matters, though for the time slightly improved, seem likely to relapse again into the old state of tyranny and terrorism on the part of Mr. Shirley Baker and hia accomplices. It will be far the British Government to consider whether in the event of these fears being realized they would not be justified in taking some more active steps In the cause of humanity at least, if not of religions freedom, The slave trade excited the horror and detestation of English men ; bat the persecution which some of the natives of Tonga have had to endure almost rivals the cruelty of the slavers of the old days. We trust that if the cruelty and oppression complained of are continued in spite of England's remonstrance the home Government will see their way clear to take some more active steps than a mere verbal protest. Unemployed in Sydney.— The amount of money which has been expended by the present and the preceding Governments of New tionth Wales upon the unemployed is {according to the Sydney Morning Herald) no less than £138,405 Is. 2d. Of thiB the late Government spent £70,613 17s. 2d., and the present Government has expended £67,761 4s, In the Temporary Supply Bill for the present month provision is made for £30,000 more, and this sum, added to what has already been disturbed, will make the cost of the unemployed up to the present time £168,405 Is, 2d. A discussion upon the subject arose in the Assembly yeaterday during the time the Supply Bill was before the House, and, as will be seen from our Parliamentary report, some very curious statements .were made with respect to the unemployed. The total number of men now engaged on the relief works is 4,058, and of these it has been ascertained S41 are arrivals from the other colonies. The Government are conscious of the advisablenes3 of stopping this relief as soon as possible, and short of inhumanity, that is, leaving men without food, they intend to do the best they can towards this end. Sir Henry Parkes stated that at the present time the Government was directing their attention to opening works which would be of permanent benefit, which were required, and to which they hoped to draft off a great number of the unemployed. Sunday Lectubes.— Sir Henry Parkea rather prided himself in the Assembly on the explicitness with which he twice laid down the new conditions for the use of the theatres ; but, as a matter of fact, he did not accurately repeat himself. On the first occasion (says the Sydney Echo) he stated that he should not interfere at all with regard to theatre lecturers, but leave them to the natural operation of the law; on the second occasion he intimated that he drew the line at lectures, but would allow the theatres to be used for sermons and publio worship. He also used language leading to the belief that he had in view the stoppage of unchristian and dislo'yal teaching, and that he meant to make the Colonial Secretary a judge of what was fit to bs taught- and what was not fit to be taught. What makes the case more complicated ia that he will not interfere where the lecturers use halls belonging to themselves, or which, belong ing to other persons, have no licence. Certain it is that we shall be going back on the legislation of the past if we put the dis cussion of Christianity and of monarchy under the protection of the Government, or assume that without such protection the public is in danger of feeing misguided. As for our political institutions, they rest on the consenting approval of the great mass of the people, and they riiost be always open to criticism in order that that consent may be intelligible, .supervision is right enouga in the interest of public morality or public order, but not in the interest of any school of politics or theology. And whenever it is proper to exercise supervision at all, it is proper to exercise it in all public places. Blasphemy and treason are just as bad in a hall as in a theatre. A Rich and Cubious Discjveey. — A curious discovery of five million sterling of hidden treasure is reported by the Calcutta correspondent of the Times as follows : — ' Mr. Westland, Acting Secretary of the Financial Department, lately visited Gwalior to make arrangements for taking over three and a half croera of rupees, which the Regency is lending to the Indian Government. He found that treasure to the extent of - over £5,000,000 sterling had been accumulated in. pits and wells sunk in the floors of vaults in the Palace Zenana. The vaults are situate partially under ground, daylight being ad mitted through narrow openings in the walls. After removing the earth to a depth of 6 feet the workmen uncovered a smooth, level pavement of large flagstones. When those were lifted they came upon a square pit, filled to the brim with glittering silver. There were several such pits, two or three of them containing jewels, bat the majority contained each about 15 lakhs of Gwalior rupees. In each pit waa a copper plate, on which was engraved the amount of the contents and the name of the official who placed it there. As a rale, only freshly coined rupees had been buried, and the secret had been en trusted to a few confidential servants. The money was dug up in Mr. Westland's pre sence, and shovelled into bags, which were Eent to the Calcutta Mint in instalments of 80 laTrha each.' Postal Facilities at Thebastoit.— Mr. W. W. Forwood, who, as the mover of a resolution passed at a recent meeting of ratepayers at Thebarton respecting the postal facilities, took a prominent part at the deputation to the Posvmaster-General on Wednesday on the Bubject, thinks that the views of a number of inhabi tants were not reported quite as clearly as expressed, and writes: — 'As the mover of ths resolution, I gave the views of a number of the residents, viz., that we would rather have the four present post offices remain as they are with two mails to and from them each day, without a delivery, than have all those offices closed and a new one opened at Hemington, with only one delivery a day; but that If the department could afford to let us have a daily deliveryfit should be from the present post- offices. My remarks were supported by the other mem bers of the deputation.' Legal Pabtnebships.— It is announced in our business columns that the partnership between Messrs. P. F. Bonnin, C. M. Muir head, and J. B. Muirhead has been dissolved by effluxion of time and mutual consent. Mr. Bonnin will continue to practise his profession, and the Messrs. Muirhead will practise in partnership. ? A Saelob Ovebboabd.— On Thursday after noon, just after the Opal had left the anchorage at Glenelg, one of the seamen fell overboard. Two lifebuoys were thrown to him, and within a few seconds a boat was lowered and the man was rescued. Rescue Home.— The following subscrip tions have been Bent to Misa Green for the Rescue Home and work sines tha last acknowledgment: — Mrs. Hobkirk, Kent Town, £1; Mrs. J. Storrie, sen., £1; a Friend, £1, Fbietdt-y Socikties' Demonstbation.— j.ne Grand Lodge and District Officers of the various Societies are reqnested to meet &* the Kechabita Hall, Adelaide, this eve^hg. Hjsdmar&h; IksKtutb.— A Scotch concert in aid of the Building Fund of the Institute will be held this evening. 