Johnny Mi-Hi and Fanny Foo-Foo. Fanny Foa-Foo was a Japanese girl, A child of the great Tycoon ; She wore her head bald, and her clothes were made Half petticoat, half pantaloon; Her face was the color of lemon peel, And the shape of a table spoon, A handsome yonng chap was Johnny Hi-Hi, And he wore paper muslin clothes y His glossy black hair on the top of his head In the shape of a shoe-brush rose;. His eyes slanted downwards, as if some chap Had savagely pulled his nose. Fanny Foo-Foo loved Johttny Hi-Hi, And when in the usual style He popped, she blushed such a deep orange tinge You'd have thought she'd too much bite, It it hadn't been for her slant-eyed glance And her charming wide-mouthed smile. And oft in the bliss of their new born love, Did these little Pagans stray AIL round in spots, enjoyiug them selves In a strictly Japanese way; She howling: a song to a one - string lute, On which she thought she could play. Often he'd climb to a high ladder a top, j:. And quietly there repose, As he stood on his head and fanned I himself, "While she balanced him on her i nose, Or else she would get in a pickle tub; And he kicked around a his toes. The course of true love, even in Japan, Often runs extremely rough, And the fierce Tycoon, when he heard of this, Used Japanese oaths so tough That his courtiers' hair would have stood on fend, i If they only had enough. So the Tycoon buckled on both his swords, i In his pistol placed a wad, And went out to hunt for the truant pair, With his nerves braced by a tod He found them enjoying their guile less selves On the top of a lightning rod. Sternly Jhe ordered the gentle Foo Foo To " come down out of that there J And he told Hi-Hi to go to a place— I won't say precisely where. Then he dragged off his child, whose spasms ! Evinced unusually good despair. But the Tycoon, alas 1 was badly! fooled, j Despite his paternal pains, j For John, with a toothpick, let all the blood Out of his jugular veins; While with a back somersault on the floor, Foo-Foo battered out her brains. They buried" them both in the Tycoon's lot, Bight under a logwood tree, Where they could list to the nightin gale and The buzz of the bumble bee; And where mosquito's sorrowful chant | So maddens the restless flea. i And often at night, when the Tycoon's wife, Slumbered as sound as a post, TTiw almond-shaped eyeballs looked on a sight That seared him to death almost; 'Twas a bald-headed spectre flitting about With a paper-muslin ghost. "Rough on Corns." — Ask for "Wei Rough on Corns.'Quick relief, complete, pi marie lit. Coras, warts/ bunions. Atehemi »rid (Jru^gis.fce.-. 3rd ?17 1021 