Tlie Ghost. About the year 1850 I was on one of our English India ships bound from Boston, to Calcutta. We arrived off the Cope of Good Hope with fair weather to that point, but every one was on the lookout now for a blow from some quarter. The pervious evening one of the lookouts during the midwntch had insisted he, hail seen the Flying Dutchman, and every one knows that when that is the case a blow or bod weather in some shape is sure to come. And come it did with a vengeance, ■ for the very next night the wind died down to. a calm, then suddenly jumped out from the nor'west butt-end first. • . Six of the old tars went tumbling up the weather main rigging, and were urged on by the gruff voice of the second mate, a thorough* old sea-dog, who sang out, " Come, bear (i hand there, you lubbers, and get on deck again I" And on deck they were again sooner than he or the men expected; for just as they showed their heads overthe "top" a deep sepulchral voice called out, "Blows ibard, Jack I" They were staggered, and for an in stant hesitated, when again the fearful voice repeated, " Blows bard, Jack 1" Thi^fc was enough; their superstitious fears overcame them, and tliey did riot stop till the deck was reached. ■ ;; i By this time the Captain and mate were on deck, and were astonished to see six of the best.men on the ship come tumbling down, while the main-top-gallnnt sail and royal were slatting irithebuntlincs'ns tho'ugb.tbey jvould1 blow away at every flap. I "What's the matter? Why didn't you furl those sails?"said the Captain, j " Matter enough;" said an old salt; ['You don't get me in that main-top to- nigh);,* i I" wouldn't give much for anyone who goes up," either, for I not only Baw the ghost, or what ever-it is, but heard him'talk.1!;.^. j This was too ihuch for the old skipper. The idea of losing all his sails because tberii was a ghost in thc main-top was too much for him, so he,called for, ^volunteers, and started up 'the rigfeirig,"followed 'by his two matcsjorily. Not another man would go. Tboso_ who had been. ,up had seen. and heard cnougbj and . those ,wbo hadn't ;did 'not.carcHorjsk it.j , .;.AVel|,lf.be,qHl, skipperand his mates fared rip^lietter thdii, the. men, for hardly, bad > their 'Jieads rcacljed.over tho "top rim"than, in the same awfill,''.blood-curdling tones; Jcatrie. to their.ears th'e.words, ''.Blows hai'd', Jack I" and tlicrei rigut it)' "the " dubliiis " j of the mast, the Captain caught, sight' of. two' glar ing eyes,' and'a long white/arm reached down hs if to'cluteh bint', and down 'tlic'.v all scam pered to the deck as fast as their.legs would take them,'. _ i ■ About daylight thesteward discovered that a pet parrot belonging to the ski pperi bad es caped from his cage, and was gone, probably blown overboard and lost in,the gale., jl'olly had1, 'however. .by?abakl; work,® managed to ajiglit. in the main-top, where shej]ad stowed liemelfin the " diiblitur" of the mas'tjljnfl^vas holdii5g/on for dear life until shoVasJretcued' •in tlfc'morning.'• } l(ftiT,hc1.main-top..gal1ant-;Studding:eail| .'whs'' lathed.-in;.t|jo weather, top-mast rigging, and flie'clew liau bldtvh' nidri ft, and happened :to : flop, do,wn~at the .Captain asrjie went over. 1 ih'e top"jii'th'o'ljlack 'darlhVoss, and s) 4>vi)s,. easily viuDgnified , inla,,a ghostly arm and ' P6lly'ihto'the'frightful1 ghost'. 