I* ? ? : Brevities. X.M.S- Orient is due here this morning. Ko rain falling in the colony this morning. Shearers are scarce in the Wilcannia district. Jfew Zealand mutton is quoted at 4d in Lon don. Another reef showing gooi gold found near Croydon. E.M.g. Lnsitania left London on Saturday for Australia. Over 300 head of cattle arrived from Gladstone this morning. The Tuapeta gold mine in 2$e\r Zealand has been sold in London. B.M.S. Ballaarat, from London, arrived at Albany this morning. Mr. John Bright denounces Mr. Gladstones action in Irish affairs. Lord Hartington was banqueted at Green irich on Saturday night. Ko further cases of 6inallpox have been dis covered at Port Darwin. E. G. Cooper, well-known as a labor delegate, died in tVallsend yesterday. The N.S.W. Literary and Debating Societies' Union has collapsed. B..I.P. The escapee from Hillston Goal has been re captured near Wagga 'Wngga. Forty German officials have .been expelled from the French side of the frontier. How is it done ? Write down nineteen, take one figure away, and leave twenty. I A contemporary speaks of Lord Carrington as 1 ' our beloved Governor.' Let us pray. I The Bcarcity of sheep trucks at Stolong railway i station is a subject of great local complaint. I The Irish Land bill has passed its third read ling in the House of Commons without division. J A m''n named Grimmond is missing from New castle. He is Kelieved to have drowned himself. fThe New Zealand Shipping Co. have reduced their fares to and from London and New Zea land. i A shock of earthquake was experienced at Hammond (S.A.), shortly before 2 p.m. on \- Sunday. The collapse of a brick kiln in the Ofcago pro ince of New Zealand has caused the death of wo men. The number of bankruptcies reported in July nK. S. Wales were 116, with liabilities set down ttJE90,846. A woman named Wilkie, of Ashfield, is in a rritical. condition. The incautious use of kerosene he cause. The people of Wagga mean to put a stop to the Luisance of 'Salvation Army' processions in ;heir town. I Frank Bull died from heart disease while on a ?hooting excursion near Brake, Tenterfield dis trict, on Friday. ] Mr. Toohey, M.L.A., laid the foundation stone of the Olympic Hall in Tamworth on Saturday, ite was well received. H During the recess Lord Hortington thinks that file bonds of the Unionists and Conservatives may be drawn closer. | A strong feeling exists in Queanbeyan against (?Jie transfer of Mr. Emery, Government land agent, from that place. J The little boy, Frederick Williams, whose arm was cnt off by a tram on Thursday evening, is yogressiTig favorably. ! The Chinese Carnival in Melbonrne was well natronised on Saturday. The proceeds were de moted to local charities. , It is reported that Mr. John Wyndham, of the famous Dalwood vineyards, died at his residence last night, at 10 o'clock. Mr. S. E. Lees, M.L.A., was well received in Penrith on Saturday night. He intends to stump his electorate (the Nepean). Over fifty kc drunks at the Water Police Court this morning, many of them from the ranks of the so-called ' unemployed.' A young man, named Lockett, went out kanearooing from Wallsead, on Saturday, and got lost. Search parties are out. Xbrth Adelaide and Port Augusta approve of the Payment of Members' Bill as introduced into the South Australian Parliament. Alice Waller was sentenced to three months hard labor this mornins: at the Water Police Court for robbing Panl Gueno of £3. A list of unclaimed letters for the month of June, lying at the G.P.O., is published as a sup plement to the Govebxmest Gazette. The owner of the missing 'New -Zealand barque Celestia.has claimed from the South British Co., the insurance on the vessel and cargo. Fiery Whitely. A large fire was raging on Saturday in tbe premises of Mr. Whitely, *? uni versal provider,' Westbura GrovejLondon. In the Central Police Court, this morning, George Coyne was fined 20s or seven days' gaol for using insulting words to Patrick SToonan. . Adelaide Marine Board has been invited to join the employers Union of South Australia, in order to more effectually protect the cmplojers of labor. P. Manning, a jockey, was so seriously injured by his horse falling on him at the Richmond Biver races oa Saturday, that his life is des paired. The Wilcannia Pastoral Protection Association will submit recommendations on tbe rabbit ques tion to Minister Abigail on his arrival in that district. The Eev. J. C. 'Woods, Unitarian Minister in Adelaide, is about to leave for England after over 30 years ministration in the South Austra lian capital. Cardinal Moran laid the foundation stone of a new Roman Catholic church at Petersham yester day. It is to cost £8000, and £1300 has already been subscribed. Thomas James Baker had his left foot cutoff op Saturday night while attempting to get into a moving tram at the corner of Elizabeth and Bathurgt streets. Oversea ships bound to Sydney report at Wilson's Promontory. The fact is frnowii a few minutea later at Melbourne, while the Sydney public are entirely ignored. The first installation in Newcastle of officers of the local lodge of the Tf.S. Wales Masonic Con stitution took place on Saturday, accompanied by much enthusiasm and ceremony. Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan, M.L.A. for Queanbeyan, addressed some of his constituents . in Pooley s Boom, in that town, on Saturday. He advocated a ' Rational 'policy for the colony. Precious Stones. — Tho?e who walked into a spiritualistic . meeting the other day. Ghosts make people's hair white, but walking stones are enough to make even a Samson bald. A conference of delegates from Junee, Temora, Wallendbeen, and Cootamundra. vill be beld at the hitter place to-night, to consider the best rente for the proposed Temora railway. On Sunday a man named Burke, brother of Mr. M. Burke, es M.L.A... died in Tamworth Hospital from injuries supposed to nave been re ceived during a brawl on Saturday night. Some of the stock around Ecbuca (Vic.) is suffering from an unknown disease, supposed to have been incurred by eating poisonous weeds. A vet. is to be sent tiiere to investigate the dis ease. The milk suppliers of the surrounding districts met at Bom-al on Saturday, and determined not to accept less than 8d per gallon from the Fresh Food and Ice Company. The latter offer 6d per gallon. A little boy, named Joseph Parslow, of Moiong, fell off a horse yesterday and was dragged for some distance. He thus sustained frightful injuries, -which terminated fatally directly after he was released. A burial scandal is reported from Newcastle. H. F Harris committed suicide at Wallsend on Friday He died penniless, and w en his re mains were brought to be interred there was no minister present. Queenscliff lifeboat crew were banqueted by residents of Ballarat, and presented with a purse of sovereigns and a testimonial, in recog nition of their gallant rescue of the ship's com pany of the wrecked barque Gange. ? The floods at Numurfcah (Vic.) were increasing yesterday, and thousands of acres there are now under water. ? Many -sheep have been drowned. Bridges around Saepparton have been swept away. The railway traffic continues. Go and see the Munly Aauarmm.— 37. Tattersall'a 'Monster Consultation, Spring Handi cap, ran B&ndwick;, August 27 : 2000 subs., 20s, now open ana fi ting rapidly. Apply Tattersall, care G. Adams, Pitt-street.— 21- Quite a Hon»ehold Word: S. Whiddon's creat boot sale is Oxiard-rtreet. Oar readers should pay it r visit to^ay.—23. Visit tbe dissolution EtdeatT. WiU'sidb and Co., 276 and 412, George-etreet. Every description of Boots and fchaes et remarkably rednoed prioea.— 3. The London wheat market is quiet. The Calif ornian wheat 'corner' has collapsed. 1 Russia is reported to be increasing her Pacific squadron. A new volunteer fire brigade station has been opened in Leichhardt. The trade in the new English wheat crop will commence at Mark-lane to-day. This week the Baptist denomination in Adelaide ' will hold a series of Jubilee meetings. The freight rates on the southern and western, railwavs of Queensland will not be reduced. The interview between the Emperors of Ger many and Austria was of a most cordial character. Some quartz from a gold mine at Burnt Yards, near Orange, is estimated to return lOOoz to the ton. Archbishop Carr and Bishop Moore, of Ballarat, returned to Melbourne from this city on Satur day. A French decree has been issued with respect to the introduction of wheat into certain foreign ports. The naval squadrons of evolution, having finished their manoeuvres, have returned to Ply mouth. It is understood that the fiscal proposals of the new Tasmanian Government will be materially altered. A deputation of twenty- one French journalists attended the funeral of the late M.Katkoff, at Moscow. The prospects of the mining industries on the West Coast of Tasmania are reported to be very promising. New Zealand coasting schooner Columbia is re ported missing, and is supposed to have been lose with all hands. Messrs. Huddart, Parker, andCo.'a new steamer, Elangamite, bas been successfully launched at Newcastle-on-Tyne. The Minister for Lands and the Minister for Public Instruction leave Sydney to-day to attend a banquet at Oberon. The Chief Justice says that the Hurts lottery was a trick, and a most ciincicgly devised scheme to take in the unwary. The Eev. J. Hutcoinson (B. C.) is on his way here from Cooktowg to be consecrated as Bishop of Northern Queensland. £le* en cases of typhoid and the same number of diphtheria were reported in Melbourne last week. Five m all were fatal. The Bev. James Chalmers, the New Guinea missionary, preached in Adelaide yesterday upon his labors among the Papuans. Some of the Victorian legislators mean to try and obtain a further increase in the protective duties o.i woollen goods and hardwood. air. James Gordon of Taibot ( v'ic.), fell from taeprecipituous bjint ot a creek in the locality, a distance of 20ft, and 'was killed instantly. The strike on the Midland railway line of Eng land has not affected the passenger traffic. Other companies are assisting the Midland Company. A writ of error has been granted in the Preller Slaxwell murder case in America, and the execu tion of Maxwell will now probably be postponed indefinitely. The crew of the Queenscliff lifeboat were en tertained at a banquet on Saturday, and were presented with a purse of sovereigns in recogni tion of their succor of the crew of the shipwrecked barque Gange. Mr. Lew-is Levy has been severely reprimanded, and ordered to pay all costs, in connection with tbe action taken against him by the Law Insti tute over his participation in the Kurrajong Heights Land Lottery. It was very cold in various parts of Queensland on Saturday morning. At Camaooya and at Warwick Fahrenheit's thermometer registered 21 degrees only — the lowest mark known to have been reached in the colony. Themeetinc ot the unemployed at the Queen's Statue on Saturday evening ?ras a very hollow — holloa affair, tbe muster at no time exceeding a hundred persons, t;;s majority of whom were opparently merely attracted by curiositj. For stealing a dress of the value of 7s Cd, the property of James Earrett, Minnie Howard, alias Thwait, was sentenced to two months' imprison ment with hard labor at the Central Police Court to-day. In tbe Central Police Court tliia morning Frederick Thorn and Margaret; Johnson, who pleaded goisty to stealing six ensigns and two botties of jam, of the value of £12, the property of Ernest O. Smith, were sentenced to three months' injprisonment with hard laborJ For placing a board containing photographs on the footway in George-street, Cnarles Heison was, at the Central Police Court to-day, fined 5s, in default twelve hours' gaol. The Times wants Sir John Pope Hennessy to step his action for libel against the thunderer. Keplying to a deputation from the unemployed this morning, the Colonial Secretary said it was the intention of the Government to abolish all relief works almost immediately. As for estab lishing a relief eoofcshop, he would not thing of entertaining the idea for one moment. A Newtown undertaker has been beautifully taken in by a nicely-dressed lady, who was in great grief over ' her father's death.' She ordered a cedar coffin, state hearse, and live coaches : gave-the undertaker her address, and told him where he could find the medical certi ficate. She also borrowed £1 Is, as she had for gotten her purse. She departed, and the under taker has been looking ever since for the lady's address. 