Ï .-lüiOtt..'!. ¡ff -..illa 'VJ K '. " r.¡i n <T:! prl " Romana' xiii.', 8-10.' ; ñ ¡Tho, vpice of: God speaking to Israel, f ronv the jMoimty("íOtit x>f, the..mid8,t of the fire q,nd .the Iqloudrand ;the,thÍQkdarkness;,"forhadë Sahhath-: Hjtfea&ing; nO.l.ess strictly than murder, ; adultery, wèîfc,-false.witneps,andcpyetpusness. And yetsome afiírm thatiiwhtle the.- Christian ia, equally bound with .the. Jew to keep th© other Cqnnnandments, j hë/is not (bound, to. keep the fourth. The plea on [.which they thus thrust out the Fourth Command ement from the ? Christian code of duty is that " tho Sabbath was part of the peculiar law of the Jewish ¡polity." , This _ theory could scarcely fail to win adherents, for it. falls in exactly with, the feelings; of such as find the Sabbath a burden, and, like certain degenerate Israelites in the days ofoîAraoSj. say. in their hearts, /'When will the Sabbath be gone?" Nor could it fail, ; on. the other hand, to receive a thorough ; scrutiny from those who call the Sabbath a de.-, ¡light and account it an inestimable hoon,, , Scçu ?tiny,must needs prove fatal to tho theory. ; ; /l'he very first fact which meets the inquirer in ;the inspired record of the past well nigh suffices ito finish the controversy 5 for the bible traces the first Sabbath, not to the time of Moses, or even the time of Abraham, but to the time of Adam. ¡We learn , from Gen. ii., 3, that it was on the Sabbath that tho sun iirBt roso on the newly ! created father of tho human race, and that his Creator . " blessed and sanctified" < tho day, and thus ordained for man a. weekly day of rest till time should be no more. ???<??? But, whilo this first,fact is .enough to,over turn the theory, the friends of the Sabbath do wisely in turning the light of other and later. Scriptures on this momentous subject. . Among these, Paul's injunction to "owe no. man .any thing but to love one another" merits no mean place. If it seems at first sight to bear less directly . on the question than some: others, iib is second ,to none in the weight of tho evidence it yields: ;Paul lays it down as an axiom; that 'floyo work ¡eth no. ill to his neighbor." True philanthropy; jims obviously both a restraining and a constrain,-: ling power, prompting us at -once to shun what ever wiU injure our fellow mea and to1 pursue 'whatever will do them good. Now, to sot forth fully either tho gopd a man i will do his fellow men by hallowing the Sabbath, or tho evil ho will do by disregarding it, is far b'oyond our power. Nevertheless it will; not be ; difficult to point out certain relations between man and mau in which a man's keeping tho Sabbath must largely benefit his neighbor, and his breaking it grievously injure hun. Tho relations to which we refer aro a man's relations to his family, his social circle, his country, tho Church of God, and tho world at large. I. Let us mark, first of all, how a man's treatment of the Sabbath affects his HOME, Tho hallower of tho Sabbath wakes on ita return with this solemnising thought uppermost, "ThiB ia tho day tho Lprd hath mado"-and he acts accordingly. His heart goes up with joy to the Lord of tho Sabbath, with, tho prayer that lío woixld mako it a true Sabbath to his éoul, a day of spiritual sunshine When he cornea down from his. chamber, his .countenance wüLshpw b^^ ho ac 'counts tho day a .day' pf sacred pleasure. When he gathers them, ^roxind, the mercy-scat for player ¡hearts /will Be deepened". ^Presently he leads tb'em'into the.courts of.the Lord,"joinsiwittutheim vthere in the worship'of their Eather; Redeemer/ and.Sanctifier, and listens- withithemito what th» :Lord shall-say to hinvand them -by the ministry .'. " of the Word. With him they return to their quiet home, to i« eat their meat with gladriesa* and).' ? singleness of heart/1 and talk tho -while of som© glorious truth to; which' their pastor h as . turned:' their thoughts. In due time they visit the-sane-' tnary anew, and thus secure another golden op- ' portunity of hearing the Word whieh maketh wis6 ' unto salvation. Tho other employments of the sacred day are in accord with those at which we have glanced. When, therefore, the hour of rest arrives, and the master of tho house has com- 1 mended his family to their heavenly Father's care, may he not humbly hope that he has so spent the day as greatly to promote their everlasting welfare? ' ; ' ,' "/ . - b The profaner of the Sabbath, on the other hand, wakes with fârdiû'ereht thoughts. To him the day which has dawned, instead of being the Lord's, is hiá , own. ,/ It is ; his ' golden, day^ of íreedoni froiñ tho' ties and cares of business. He is -now free to take his plea^ suro on., the river or the rail, or in! any other shape. When he meets his hoxisohold , with these ideas in hi3 mind, they will too surely feel that they too are free to give the day to.self« gratification.' 'liiere is nothing to counteract the impression. No prayer sanctifies their meeting^ | Their conversation . savours not of heavenly.' things, but isof the earth, earthy." He neither lea'ds. them ,to the houso of prayer, nor urges them! to go thither j he himself goes elsewhere, or iónnges over a bunday newspaper. A Sabbath thuV spent,, must needs leave his household more ¡&i;íÍl^^l>oúnd - 'than ' ever with tbe manifold^ l'0h^iiDís''',cf;' 'worldliness., The day which should . have lifted them heavenward has rather served to thrust* .them downward towards the everlasting abyss of misery, which awaits those who 'forget their !Go.d änd live for this present world. Andi upon whose head must the blame chiefly rest," if they perish in their sins ? On his, assuredly/who! , being the master of the household, has Bot .thäm! ; thé'examplbof profaning the Sabbath ! '-^(f '. .i :'!'^¿*Let'us'Notice next.-the effect. on/*:a man's^ \~-f- ;: . SOCIAL CIRCLE^ ' ,. í jA rnan canneither hallow nor prpfane the'Sab.-; , h^th Without its being seen and known by , those .^around him.. If he and his devote the day ; to ita { 'proper vises/and treat it as a priceless spiritual''' boon, tliey who are of the same mind will observait with pleasure and be strengthened ; they who are otherwise will bo led to painful doubts; as . to tho wisdom of their own course. Nor is the, in fluence of the example all. The man who hallows . the Sabbath will gain the ear of those who have; noticed his love for it, and ,when he speak's a kindly word to careless neighbors, anet invites them, to come with Him and hoar the Gospel,; .. they will féel that he is on the Lord's sideband that if they go with him he will do them g'óodJ Thjs is by no moana theory V fact has often.yer^' . fiedit.; .'/ ''{f/' <f: ....'. ;' . ' JÍ'1/¡, Let. a man, on the ofcher^ hand/ devote"$isp . Sabbaths to th©' th5n^fôiP!.thîs--.worÎçi,- añdv.tlius¡ . " show.that,heayenljJth^igg..hay9: no; place in hisy¿¡; thoughts,', and"he cannot fail' tb' work,'":1 much mischief . in many another family -be-) sides his own. Ile will act in the com* munity as the "dead flies in the ointment of tlie. apothecary." His example will encourage others;, to live as though eternity were only a shadowy: and'thue. the one thing, which claims attention^' He is sure to further the cause of the eneray^ëf-. souls,, and hinder tho cause of .God., . ...:¡ //.', '. III!-A map's k'eeping.o^ Sáhb'átlj,. '.Witt affect ' , ! if v", i ',',. f{'f;ff,:f ¡ ' _ ( ''," J ! ; A l;ff\ ,'..,.'; HIS COUNTRY.. ".fl' ff ' . f .'/, Thb ' on . 'this,, point are well worth/recording. He said, in the," Houso ci Lords, no long time since,' " Of all.! Divine institutions the most Divine is that w^ich; ! secures a day of rest er nian. I hold it .tóbele/, most valuable blessing over conceded to man. lt.! is the corner Btone of civilisation, and its removal might even affect the health of the people.". And/ tho present Primo Minister Í3 at one with him óá this point, for he holds that "the religious-' observance of Sunday is tho main prop of the ' religious character of the country ;" and tells us,' farther, that " for the interest of the working men ' of this country," there is nothing he more ! anxiously desires than that. they should moro ¡ and more highly appreciate the. Christian day -of.-' rest." It .mdy, however, seem,to some extravagant to-suppose that one man's treatment of the SabV, bath will,affect the whole'' community. . .Let noj,. / ^ . one attempt in .this way to shake off the thought} of- . : "< ^ '.. .. ^ ? .. . ,., . . INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBILITY, .j - '.' ?>.' W;hat> woiildïhe the/ issue ¡if .each soldier ( i¿ an,j ..: . -. army, acted on this- principle f," what lesa than, .^hftj ' . .: ru^ of the, country it ¡was pledged to defend?^) Can i,t be of little mómenjb whether a mau gives/ his support and countenance to tho Sabbatli'srj ., friends or the Sabbath's foes?- Does it matter/', little, for example, whether he does what in him/ lies to give back tho SaVbath to tho hundred thou-,/ sandjailway servants, thehundred thousand boat» ! , men," and the twenty thousand letter-carriers, : \ who now are, to a grievous extent, shut.out. frpml tho jjriviloges of the Lord'B day, or leaves their 1 souls to tako their chance ? , It cannot be. . If ,a;i man stand up for his neighbor's.. Sabbath rights/J ho will bo a minister of good to multitudes '; i£,i he take the contrary course he will bo trampling* under foot the spiritual interests of millions bli his fellow-countrymen. IV.TrLook at the, question in tho light, o|,.ai man's relation to tho Church of God. There arQ. '' THREE PRICELESS PRIVILEGES : i.,fftl on which the Church of God depends to a vas»> extent for its health and growth. Theso are com-. mon worship, tho public ministry of tho Word/ and the joint commemoration of their Rodeemer'flj dying love. The first enables the children of tho, ! ono Eather to unito in blessing Him for mercies received, and beseeching Him to bestow the blés-.j Bings they need for the time to como.' The second/ i's'.thb Divin'd ptoVisibri for; their participating mr . ^-v.* tho instruction which shall make thom more mééte fQr/|heir Master'á sérvico: hero and HÍB blísafAUj . «çseseutoihereafter.,1 Thö; thirdr-ííeervesí^* ? ' . «jjfcengthêJR ^©Ifáith^C^óí^^^iovíi ol owl ïaâ m;. %t Lscwell fittedioihriiigäntp their spul morolahd more/df :tho'.jôy;and:peace;and.comfor \vhr6h- tare the héritage of iG.od's.children; t-..IJu. \- tipon- -what does- the enjoyment, of -these tbrt " " g^t''t>iivilég*Bullin'ge'' but on a fourth, whos name ia "tho Sabbath?" In tho language o ono well-known saint . ii ) £jí;ÍAUC,Thm da.T-believors doth enrich, \\*>¥ . t, And grace roits on them all; . , , , :. ' -u ." ' ' It is'their Pentecost, on which . «ví.Jt »> - ut TheJHóly Ghost doth fall; ' ' ' fJ:^ij^-^oV"¡tómaiíÍ8'- to. niíírk 'thé 'feffèct'iol ) '."kji)s^ l^lprcstsbf;:.",'<V;,';í: \ il/,. .. V-'C/'V'-^ V H:;" ;;;;^PHB WORM).' - 1 //. ",. ) "There are,' . wo fcar¿ many ' millions1 in ou lánd^w'tíó* tittil- "not"*- tbo"- fear or God an< the, Î ;faith of Christ. Who can . doubt that ij^th'eso 'millions of unsaved. souls come int« thß'k'ingdörn of Ged, dear ' Son, the Sabbath wil contribute an important part in bringing abou this'1:'most blessed event ? Very many of th Christians among us can testify that it was oi tho ! Sabbath that they were born of God, an< united to'the "Church of the first- born, whosi namo3 aro written in heaven." The Sabbath ha iVfill.ages been the chief spiritual birthday, ant ifill bc'so to the very end of time. It affords th« \- Ministers of the Goäpel their.«biàst openings fo: ; . .the.' e\ aagolizstion of the ignorant and godless Our national Sabbath enables our. five hundret çtipusand Sunday-school teachers to pursue thei; .. work', of faith and labor of love. This nobb \- army-bf spiritual volunteers .would melt'away I our .Sabbaths' lost, their hold on the respect o; the community. ; : Araiprica's , eight . hundred ant 'fifty thousand Sunday-school teachers depend like our own, on the weekly return of the day 6: sacred rest. In three countries much nearei tome there has been recently a marvellous mul implication of Sunday-schools. Even giddy Franc« has how a thousand pf them, Germany twice as many, and Switzerland, small as she is, foui thousand and upwards, How deplorable, then would bo tho result. if, through these countries which now pres :nt thia token of goodj tho* theory should become current which strip: . the Fourth Commandment of its binding force for Christendom ! ff wo turn to heathendom, . -we find, first of all, that tho simple keeping of the Sabbath awakens interest in our missionaries. H'he heathon at once tako notice of this as a «triking foaturo of tho new religion the mis sionaries como to set forth. They ask them, " What mean yo by this service ?" and thus a direct way is opened for tho story of the Cross. They will liston .with interest a3 the missionary 'tells, them of tho Redeemer's life and death -and resurrection, and then explains that it is faith in this rison Saviour which loads bini to .keep tho Sabbath. For the missionary, therefore, ?fco'carry with him. the Lord's day when he carries rbh'e'Lord's message to too heathen must greatly ~ ífinhanrotho likelihood-of his winning their souls ÍQrrChrist.. The thousand nillions who still lack filip, ' knowledge - of Christ, aro" dépendent, humanely speaking, oh the lovers of the Sabbath for their release from the power of .dark; v«ie's3rand their translation into the "kingdom of \- ' ixoiVi dear Son. They who long and pray that " tho.Sabbath of tho world" may spècdily come, ¡«ro they who hallow tho church's present Sab baths; audit is from their ranks, and as their -deputies, that men go forth into'all lands to pro (dkim that Christ gives rest to all who come to Him. ' ' .? '?- /.' '?? ';??_ - . f.Our brief survey of the contrasted effects of a -marias keeping or breaking the Sabbath-on his homo, his social circle, his country, the Church of . God, and the world at large-is now complete, .fts'it not plain that it is a sacred debt of love and .attorcy which wo owe to our neighbor, to hallow rthe Sabbath which God made forman-for the ; entire human raco ? Parental love, social attach ements, patriotism, brotherly kindness and philan thropy, conspire to claim this at our hands. -"SJpr. is there wanting a motive of still vaster . compass than any br all pf these, it'ho. text refers simply to tho welfare of man, liút'tho welfare of man and tho glory of God -are Mparts of one groat whole, and each requires ..tho"other to bo kept in viow. Heneo, side by .-Bide with the question, " Does tho good of man ¡ ak\l tis, to hallow tho Sabbath ?" must stand tho tkindi'cd question, " Does the glory of God require ..Xi?"- In answering tho first we have virtuallv '. ' '? ' answered tho second ; «as love to our neighbor .Sids us iceep tho Sabbath, so does love to Him in -whom '* wo live and move and have our being." \- .ïrit not clear; therefore, that, instead of being tho small theoretical question which some .consider it, the Sabbath question is t one ?i»?.*' *4t. no less than, infinito magnitude ? It . '. ^involves not only tho eternal weal'or woo of . countless millions, but tho glory of our God, *% "Who oreated' all these millions 'that they might, ifÜnowHim, 'and love Him, and enjoy Him for .over. Oh, that they who have hitherto been con tent to look at it in the light of time could learn il'o look at it in the light of eternity. "Would .{hat:they could bo brought to connect it with the -glorious heaven of which it isa typo and pledge . and foretaste. Would that throughout nil Christendom men could learn f that, as our . Sabbaths point to heavon and Bpeak of \heaven, so, they bring ua on. our journey tthither. They aro the rungs of a spiritual J ladder reaching upward from this troublous "world into the city whoso Builder and Maker . ia God. . Oh, that we who dwell on this Christian Uand'might all learn to think thus of tho Sabbath, : and use bright itB manifold privileges ! . Then should ourland give her increase, and God, even . pur, own God, give us His blessing. 