THE GOLDEN HOPE. A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a dream Uut wis not all a dreiu.' Br W. Cubs Russell. Chapteb XXVL— (Coktixded.) Imagination ! Yes 1 A god-like gift, ii yon will ; bnt how much more suitable for thiB plain world of estinz and drinking and making money the stolid mind of William Breeches gazing with bloodshot eyes, fall of literslness, at the vessel to mark if any damage had been enstaioed aloft or alow, ana thinking ot tbe loanderea ship only 10 congratulate himself, maybe, that be wasn't aboard of her. How much more suitable and convenient this mind of Rill Breecnes, which a pot of ho: coffee was to soothe, and a a a ooze of foar hours to recruit, tbau tbe in tellect of tbe Rev. Malcolm Fortescue, capable of seeing sorrow to ill depth, anguish in its throes, all thing; penetrable by human gazi to their foundation!, and iu a few hours origiuating out of mere fancy, more pmlul and ueedless emoiioui for himself, tbau Breeches, backed Dy Hiram, tbe cook, and tbe rest of the ship's cumpauy could miuu- (secure, were twenty years allowed them ta make the experiment in 1 He went below, changed b'8 wot clothes, then knelt in impassioned prayer of gratitude to God ; bnt when Hiram at breakfast witb him observing the effect oi the wild and try ing night in his face and manner begged him to lie down and Bleep, be eaid, ' No, be could not sleep, hie mind was too etraioed.' ' Weil, that's very queer,' said Hiram, ' if after each a job as iasc night i wasn't sound asleep three minutes after my head was dowu, I should ask you to O'erhanl your medicine cbeet for me But I tell ye squarely, Mr. Forteecne, that laat night's basiuess war the worst I ever was in, and seeing as how the little Hope'd pulled through it, it ehonld be makiug ye feel that you've got to know in a few hours moifl about life aud the Creator's Ways of workin' npon the sea than you'd has- certain ashore if yoa was 10 keep on liviu' till ye died as old as a Scriptur patriarch. It's enough to make a city o' London aldenuau, all guts and gnzzle, take an iuterestin snilore, ain t it, air ?— all a comiu' together — fast poor Sammy's drowning, tbeu tbe hurricane, then the fouoderin" ot the ship right under the eyes of oar golden ante! that was scorning every sea that rolled at her with her trumpet, eh, Bit ?' And he looked steadfastly at the parron, for he reckoned there had been education enongh in the lost twenty four hours to direct the eyes of Fortescue with sympathy and inquisi- tiveoeaa into the hidden life of the forecastle. But tbe curate was in no hnmonr to talk aboot each things just then. Had tne hurri cane blown them out of their coarse? Were tbey nearer the island than when the tempest came down ? Was there likelihood ol mere foal weather or of breathless calms to delay tbe ewift keel of the schooner and postpoue whft'ever issue was in stole ! He bad to wait till noon, when Hiram, with his gaunt face looking bloated with sleep, came on deck to take the eun'e altitude. Then how mirvellou) was the change ? the long swell ran like folds of liquid light to the north ; the trade wiod, soft and hot as tbe lips of an Indian girl, blew abeam. It was all a crystal clearness of tropical light, bine say over the mast heads, touched bere aud there by a woolly rag of white cloud aud wster— azare betwixt the swells— laughing in spark ing tvavea which caressed tbe schooner's bows with snow-like fingers and which raised cool sounds all about ber aud in tbe air. Eight bells were made. Hiram disappears), the men went to dinner ; S-.one walked the deck and Fortescue sat liatlen, pale, eyes fall of yearning and fixed ahead where he deemed the ietaud ley, and wbere tbe clear bias of the eky met tbe softer bias of the ocean— sail tbe same unbroken janction that ic had been for days and weeks, an ever receding con tinuity, out of which uotbiog but faith aoa hope could have crashed tbe mockery of iteration. Hiram came on deck with a piece of paper in hit hand. Stone drew near. ' This ia where we was at noon, sir,' said the captain, ... , . _, Fortescue read alood : Sixty five degrees ten miles east longitude ; fifteen degrees three miles B mtb latitude.' ' Tne old backet's got the scent ! cried Stone, ' Whip along, yon jade 1 It ain't far nMio-v far?' asked Fortessna, in a voice that trembled. ' Tbie tide o' five hundred miles.' answered H-ram. He rellicted. 'Today's Touady, bill ; if this breezi las's or anything re- temblin' it keips on a-blowin' we ebtll be having your iBland fair in visw by Friday afternoon.' S one tock a d«ep breath and tnddeoly walk-d tfc, and Forteecne noticed Hiram watcbiog the old tailor wi'b a curious sonle. Toe ordinary seaman, Joe Hall, was at the helm when Mr. Fortetcee read aloud the figures of latitude arid longitude Hiram gave him, and he fluttered tbe forecastle no: a little whin he rntered it and relate > that th» captain bad taid that if tbe like of tbe wiud then blowing held th,y wonld be htviug Stone's Inland (as it had come to be termed fore and alt) in view on Friday afternoon. All hands discussed tbe enbject over their hook pots of tea, the biscuit, and the remain' of the salt meat left from dinner, which made oat their tnppar ; an" a nam'sr might PublitC-a i>y ,p« 4»j MiMyMMti w.tu ulbor. very easily ha 1 ch-rseu » .much less invsr-et- ing and picto tqot tu-j c: for a study than the Golden I >ps's foroiit". e a: ibt time offered, for (1 yellow Tgot of the wesieriug auo came gu ung and flowing with eqa — torial in east: of sp'eodoar under the fooi of the stay fores 1. fs-r in a pool of light npon the Seattle ; 1 id tbts effaigence dimming as it struck do »; the uat;nw?y, was re-ecboed, eo to speak, u o dusky corners by the fitriog and iUm-ng v ck of -h« forecastle letup, <hu- cons i'.uticg n at-no-pn»re into whicu evi-ry thing looki' tiivel, striking, aud even groteique. 'he mnvemsn'-a of the sch'oner curtseying ar I rolling over the 1 well at the trade wind ma: in'-o he: dia'-euded wings of square sail ai 1 studdiug tail, czated tb9 oil- skin suits au- lendeJ ag»io,t :ht bulkheads to wing solemn), and in the enrioa- light there tarpauliu gimeuis re-.embted a row of mariners, vip, in z fit ot dejection, possibly induced by weevu-, n«d ju.t committed sui cide. j The interiir wat warm, with the hot deck overhead aodintersU flavouring of tbe a tram of tea, the curls of tobacco smoke, and the mingled aroma ot tar, of the secrets of tbe forepeak, of the tuars of the oil lamp, and tbe peculiar marine smell that it ezhaled throngh some iccult processes, by sailors' waterproof clothes. It was symptomatic of the general uneasiness aod misgiviug felt throughout tbe schooner at this period of her outward passage that the forecastle bauds should have talked of the island they sup posed themselves to be approacbiog in auch a way as if they could not make up their minds whether to believe in it or not. They bad managed to find oat, to guess perhaps — bat — anyway the perception was divided amongst them— that Csptain WeekB waa not at all sore th-r. Stone's Island had an existence, and now, as they eat in their sea parlour drinking tea aod smoking, their cou- veraatiou took (bis form : — ' Lad;,' said Goldsmith, slowly pouring eome tea oat of bi3 hook-pot into a pannikin which he tilted from side to side towards (he batch that he might see that it was clear of leaves and twigs, ' Friday ain't far off, and if it should come and not bring tbe hisland along with it, what's agoin to happen, doe; anyone knowT ' Well, as I told yer,' said Johnny, the bov, who eat smoking ou a chest stowed well io tbe head, and whose eyes blinked oat roand and gle»miog like an owl's from tbe dnak there. ' I heerd the cap'n himself tell Mr. Stone, if the island aren't where it's supposed to be, the parson means to keep all on a sarchin' for it' ' Ay, that's all very well,' exclaimed the cook ; ' bat thank the Lord there's more 'n one to every bargsin. and if that island ain'< where it's eaid to be. then Micky Anson 'II want a word with the csp'n, if there's to be any earchin', as Johnny calls it' "Ay," growled old Breeches, who was sitting nnder the hatch, and whose natural aoerness of expression took an inimitable character from its peculiar accentuation by tbe flue u&ttng; shades and tones of light occasioned by the vessel's movements. 'That's all very well, mate, bnt what you've got to consider is, you signed on for a hisland in this here ocean, and ontil that there island's corned across your bargain ain't ful-filled up.' Had this view been applicable only to tbe cook, its expression woaid have excited a general laugh, but as it concerned all bands it created a very different emotion, and Johnny, Joe Hall, aod Henry Sawyer stared with faces of real dismay at Breeches. 'Ye're wrong. Bill,' exclaimed the cook. ' Tbe situation of that island muBt ha' been knowed afore we started. When we arrive at tbe part where it's knowed to be, an' il ain't there, then it'll be one ol two thinga for this here child,' tapping bis bare, mossy breast with his fat band, 'either home or the reason why we don't.' ' Well,' observed Breeches, who, having, delivered himself of a disagreeable opinion, did not think it tbe less bis duty to intensify it because it told as much against himself as the others, 'la. the island not be where Bill Stone Bays it is, an' y in knock off, an' see what the magistrates 'il tell ye if ye have to go to law for your wages.' ' What's the good o'argniog V such Dock, lighting a pipe, with an impatient puffiogof tbe tobaoco smoke, ' It isn't proveo yet that StODe's wrong.' 1 Ah,' remarked the ordinary seaman Hall, sueakinr with his month full, 're eee. Jim. yon waan't at tbe helm when tbe parson reads out the figarea and the mate walxa aft; If yer had been, ye'd ha' noticed the smile the cap'u cast after bim.' ' What sorter smile ?' grnDted Breeches. 1 What's the word sionifyin' sneering-like aiked Hall. Tnere was a pause and much stolid puffing of to -acco and mastication of biscuit. ' D'ye mean sarcanstic ?' exclaimed Duck. ' I wur once along with a capt'u as wae given to calling the male by that word when they quarrelled.' ' Well, if it mans sneering-like, a; I say, it's the word,' said Hill. ' Even,' broke in the cook, who had evidently been taming over poiais ol law in his mind, 1 if we was bound by the articles t> make an island which ain't to ba found, I'll venture to say, hard as the law is upon Bailors, that nothin' onDleasant could follow tne crew's resolve to stop the sarch on the gronods that tbe parson's a loonatic and Bill Stone not much better.' ' Why,' said Breeches, slowly, feeling that the others were expecting him to speak, if ye pat it on tbat ground, Micky, I dunno as anvthinz oopleasant would follow. It's plain enough that we're navigated on what tbey calls a wision,' he continued contemptuously, 'aod we're not 10 know that all tbe truth there is io Mut;r Fortescoe'e dream migh'n t bi bottled op's a min'sheie. Suppoiin' we don't make the island, then we've got a right to consider it's a wision, too— one of Stone's wieions, and he ain't waotin in the a-;ct or pieir that suffers from heelu — halu— cins the word! Toere so mien slack m many E igliah terms that there's no haulin of i in-' . . , . He psneed that someone might complete tho word. Nobody volouteetiug, he pro- Or if it ain't a wbet-d'yecril it of Stone's it might be an ioweotion recommended to hirn ny the parson's friends to tell the parson, ao as he might be persuaded to take a woyage for his health, d'ye see ? Tbey know d one another afore we sailed, and who's to say what s;cret Stone keeps hid ? I: took him and Hiram a long spell afore tellin' as what waa the cans; of this woyage, and can any man here, recollectin' of that, ssy that we know everything up and dowD, from end to end ? He shook hia head with a Boor grin. William Breeches hasn't been to aea all hia life for nothin'.' Hn added eoddeniy, ' My opinion's Micky's. If there's no hisland the whole woysge ia a delusion, and we can compel tbe cap'n to carry the schoonei home.' Tne cook smiled broadly m trmmph Johnny eaid : I'm piaguey glad to bear that. I w plaguey afeard we ahooih have to Keep on ou io tbia bloomin' ocean.' ' If ever we get home, it'll be a journey to talk about,' exclaimed Goldsmith, with an nneosy glance at the hunk that had beau occupied by Wilis, the drowned seaman. ' It's not ofceo that things come together as they did yesterday For my part, ft 'ud pleased me more bad they happened earlier than now, with the island within a short sail— if ao be as it's there— and Friday atop oi the bilin" to make it in ! What does the cap'n want to go and choose Friday for for makin'Smne's Island?' 1 To keep toon to the woyage, Mart'n, to keep toon to the woysge,' eaid Breeches, in a voice as hollowas hoarseness would permit it to be. ' If the parson e a man able to eee a ship wreck ten thousand miles off in a dream,' observed Dock, ' he mast be a sort o' wiztrd. And if that's bia lay, who's to know what he may take it into his bead to raise out of the hial&nd; ? If he don't find hia gal there he may order Davy Janea np and ask ques tions of him. Aod stood by, Johnny, my lad, if ye goes ashore, for when Dtvy'a done with the parson he may take a fancy to yon ' ' No fear o' my goin' ashore," reiponded Johnny, visibly agitated. ' 'Seip me, I'd chuck myself d>wn the hatchway aod break a harm sooner than moure about where wisions and ghosts have been seen and be in the parson's power.1 Some laoghter followed this, bot it was not hard to guess by the want of hrartiuess in it th»t the boy's remark had not struck chords wholly unsympathetic. Anyway, it wa; plain 'ha: in the forecastle of the Gol-'eu Hope :ha snperatiti-as feeling; which had been excited on tbe other side of the Cap, nut which h-d been allayed by tbe representations of Mr. Forteecu 'e moiivee and mission by Hiram and Stone, were beginning to creep and stir again, air,- g with the old doabts as to the meaning and amity of the voyage, now it was nnder- to.>d that the schooner waa within three iat;' sail of the place where the Island was affirmed to be- Chapteb XXVII.— The Night Bivore Bit whatever might have been felt in the cab-a, there was not the some freedom of conversation you f-nnd among the men. Tbe f.r.t was things weie ao near their realisa tion tbat Usliqgt wvre reodtrtd too sensitive and-oeute-ey tfieir proximity to warrant- fan and (rank talk. Hiram especially was re served. He wae ccrtein that his calculation were sccarate, nod thtt he would be able to sail the schooner to within one minnte of tne Uf.tud- and l-mg'tude of the is:aod given him by Stone ; bnt he was again troubled aud. perhaps.irtitated by tbe reflection that, ehonld the set exiend bare to its boundaries when he told Mr. Fofescue that the spot indicated hy the mite was reached, he might be sea pscted of inaccuracy as a navigator, and the hnrlen of toe failure be laid upon bis shoulders ; for nnhappliy there was no oue on board who coald confirm the correctne-e of his workings ; aod you eaw bow this con sideration harassed him when he stood ou deck, tornint- bis protruding eyes npon the craw, or directing bis gaunt face seaward# with a ttunslcd expression, ai th.-ugh tbirs:ing for the companionship of a vessel to staile h"n to prove his figures by com parisou. Nor bad old Stone mnch to say ; indeed, a wooden look came into hia face, and he'd walk the deck with a regular see-aaw awing, with a bait aft to glance aloft, then a halt forward to atare to windward, all in a mechanical way that proved it was habit controlling him. Indeed, bis far-awar moods, so to say — for you couldn't speak of dreaminess in each a mau — were ex ceedingly disturbing to Hiram, though it was nut of the question he couid challenge the old alitor'# sincerity until the indicated situation of the island was reached, even il by so challenging he felt he could make bim own that he Qhderstood he was under a delusion. It was curious, however, that the steptic&l; captain should have found something like reassurance iu Fortescue's behaviour ; tbat is to eay, in findiug the curate on ths Wed nesday a'teruoOD, in tbe cabin overhauling tbe contents of the box of iemaie wearing apparel he had brought with him. It might be that his own anxiety that the voyage shonld prove absolutely eucceselnl in allwayB made him wiltiog to pat eome hope in the clergyman's profound confideoce in the truth of bia dream. ' Ha '.' said he, dragging at the mat of heir ander hia chin, you've got a proper assortment there, sir. None too much, it so be — well, cone too much, I daresay, any how. How long will the lady haTe been on the island ! ' Nine months,' answered Fortescue, in a subdued voice ' Ao which 'ad ye rather, Mr. Fortescue — that ye should find her when we mikes the island,' eaid Hiram, gulping at these words aud asking she question merely to get some hopeoutoitbe clergyman's conviction tbat Stone's i-liud was real, 'or that she should have been taken off by some passing ship long ago?' ' On, the latter, surely, Captain Week; ; yet one would want to koow 11. But what chance— the ocean tracks are si well beaten a; roads ; tbe islnd lie; out of ihe highways, and then being a little rock ' He checked hiaitelf, aud added, ' There are not many hoar; now betwixt ug and tbe truth ' And he closed the lid of the box witb a violent shudder. Hiram thcught it his duty to cheer Mr. Forteacu; by being lively. 'It's curious the number of garments women wears sir. They're like full-rigged ships 'longtime schooners as compared with men. The) piles their canvas high, and it comes low down too- call it Bkyeails to watersail; If yoa wa< going to the relief of a mm, a abirt, a pair 0' pints, and a coat 'nd be enough, but here's a chest full, and uuthen 1 dare s<y that could be done withont. It's the clothing, maybe, that stops a good many chap; from get'.iu' married. You'll be know, in.- of it, petbap, as a clergyman, sir. If that there chest is jest the temporary bontfit of a young castaway lady, what's a regular rig-out gain' to cost?' and forgetting tbat bia intention was to be lively, be Buffered bis large goggling eyes to meet in a thoughtful squint upon the box. 'Captain Weeks,' said Fortescue, taking no notice of this talk, though the motive was too plain to render resentment poesible ; ' the yoaog lady will have my cabin, of coarse.' ' And you'll have mine, sir.' ' Yes ; 1 shall have to turn yon out' ' Why, certainly.' ' She may need tender nnrsiag — the ten dered nursing,' exclaimed Fortescue, brood ing over thoughts sweet and melancholy, and speaking in a suit voice, rendered melo dious by its geotlenees. ' Think of nine months upou an island !' clasping his thio white hands. ' How shall we find her — perhaps, in good health— wboknows ? God ia a merci'ul father. I hive p-ayed to Him by day anh by night. 1 am bere by His com mands. Believe it or not, it is so captain. Aud then the hope tbat spriugs et roal ! There is infiuite witdo.n iu thatsaying. O.e Bees the kindling of it in dying eyes, aa 1 have seen eyes still fixed upon this world. Ic is alight tbat illuminates the shadow of death. Why ehonld it not have supported her? Has not hop? saved many a life but f jr it would have perished ? No, no i It is not spiritual hope I am thinking of, tbe deathbed beacon. It is tbe material hope that is in my mind born of this world, yearn ing for this world, lightening tbe hold of the heart npon this world for tbe love that mnst be left if death comes. It will have animated her, it will bs the spirit oflife in her, it will sustain ber till I come gaided by Goa, who wonld not— who would not — have -ent me io. aeek hex if ahe were not to be found I' Although he waa spoken to, although the daik and burning eyea of the clergyman were upon him, Hiram did n't require to hi told that Mr. Fortescue was thinking a'oud. To the plain seaman it aoanded like an address from the pulpit so far as the manner of it went ; but the manner w#> hair-stirring in ita way,- Bpi'e of Weeks'e now perfect familiarity with tbe supernatural inspiration of the voyage, becaus-Ai it showed that the parson's conviction that the girl upon the island was aa profoaud on this, the eve of the discovery of the tru-.h one way or the other, as it wa; when he made no hie mind to bay roe G -Idea floes aad sail her to the ocean they were iu. Indeed, if ever Hiram's protradiug eyes wanted an excuse for grow ing moist they might have fouud it th )in in the Munt. Bait, but hearty emotions which filled him when ht lookei st tbe handsome, sorrowful, pallid face of Mr. Forteacae, with ite sadness lighted up into a pathos capable of appealing to a far rougher fellow than the ekipper, by the impassioned, prayerful, tvi-tful ex jre'sion of his countenance; nnd whfu he considered wh»t would be the effect itp in the young man if Sicne's Island Bhou'd prove a delusion, ' Well, sir,' he Bald, with a certain nn. couth bashfultess b.-eaking in upon the rilence, 'if eo be the lady'a found all right uoon the liis'and, I allow it will be the won derfullesl sign ol the bordering of the Lord as BDy man's likely to cutno across this side o tbe time that the Scriptures comes down to. An' 1 wouldn't mind bettin. ifbettin' were 'lowafile in a pious matter of this kind, that if the lady's nu the hieland ye'll find her in good health. If tbe beginnin' tarns oat right it 11 be all plain Baffin' after ; every- thing'U be aa yoa coald wish. The job ie the beginning; for though I can wait as well as another, yet I'd give two good pounds iu money dowo at this moment if Stone or Breaches or any of the men 'nd eing oat th#t there camel-shaped hieland o' your wiaion was in sight over the b i», If th;t bsgianin e all right there'll bs ne'er a kink in the rest of it, to 1 believe. It'll be all smooth and easy coiling down. "Tain likely heaven 'ud start a gentleman on a herrand of this kind to dis appoint him. Fust rotke the hieland, and all the rest's warranted. The steady trade wind swept its warm breath into the crowded canvas of tho schooner, and the log gave her a speed of ten marioe mil«8 so hour. AU WcdoBuday h© travelled (bad, and TharaJa? found tho wind witb even more weight in it, and tne Bchoooer bending her thining fabric ol canvas far over to the leeward sparkling blue. It Wdfl a day such Fortencue had beheld in hie dream when the vUion of the lodtamao rose a'ately amid a scene ol white sanahine an 1 running, fi shing waters. It was an though the G dden tlope knew that tbe limit ol ber outward paatf≥ were tlmoet reached. The men seemed to witness a cew be»o:y in her ; it wae like an impulse from a familiar object inspiring a deeper perception that found a novelty of loveliueea in what before bad been familiarly beautifal only. The surges tumbled in silver over the blue folds of tbe solernn- hreathing northward? trending sweU ; the drzle of the sunshine Gncd the wind with tremblings of radiance, and the harp-like sioRmit among the rigging sounded like an interwreut iou ol the vioratory shining of tbe moving effulgent attco-phere. A feiutneu as of pe«tl appeared to brim over in liquid tub from the tdgeaof tbe tails, and to cret-« a whueoeis in tbe blue a yard wide from the hoi -rope > wbere tbe a rare cam down to th full and brilliant sloths in a flow of ex iui»i:e transparent azare. From oither bow the salt ur<e broke awj in a smoke of crystal particUs, and It wae noticed fcoat at moment when the schooner dipped her head, there huug ia' tbe blue trsnsluceucf, ere it »»i coiled over into fo«m br tho sheering of the cutwater, the misty, golden image ol an angel ith trumpet at raoxx'h, as though the cari»iug deep had sent from js heart an tmblem o ittoapbant hop to |Hd Ihe liquid ptn o wtnctr tbaacbooueiV' tigdwbetd - oroualy rwe aod felL Bat the oceao waa bare, aod bad been bare for days, ssnag (be foundered. ship, wboee pres-ace to thoie waters Was referable, aa- tiira) though:, to tbe accident of stormy weather beiuoffber eaetw»rds «nd e7-t>iually overwhelming bei in tbe gre3t storm. Never before bal the esnee of tbe v&etoe; and desolation of tbe sea been keener m Porte-- cq». He, sd day locz directing bis eyea from one bow to the other wisa wild imortanato search for ?be island, which, he woaid coo ceire, might be nearer tbau Hiram imagined, since Scone my have csmecknned iw place by some leagues— ba gazed a; toe hmiileca ee-line, the shining milee guiug from right tod left into tbe sky from tbe schooner'' sides till toe immensity of what be arre;e<? Sliel bis uut with an oppression thai «raa .ike the despondency #.f tuaui. How else to- »xpre-< be felt? It wss his darling be choognt of— that lone star amid tbia gleam mg immensity which lay bare to tbe sky lor tb'JUi&ndsof; miles — and fancies of ber mado-- the ev-r receding borizoo an insupport&blo; contemplation. All day long be remained on deck. No food erased his lips ; indeed, be coald pot eat. Both Hirers and Stone leU bim to him self. They were awed by tbe breathless yearniu, lo-lc of the man taking in tbe se« on either bow from she bowspnt to tbe fore- rigging. Ii wae not wonderful, it is true, to Hiram, that he ehonld be keeping this strict continuous vigil or watch, becanse tbe cap tain argaed that if Stones Island were realt :be old »e»man might bave wrongly calculated its aitaswon by some miles, whereby it might be sighted sooner or Later than the tims be reckoned on reaching tbe latitude nd longitode named. What struck Hiram, a« it scru.'k Stone, ay, nd tee men forward, as jou Mould have noticed by obserring tbev gltoces tbey directed a; tbe curate, was tho- nail rapt, balf-dietieased, expression of bia face— each a look, perhaps, aa be wore in hie sWep when tbe machinery of his dream had oeoed the ocean island to his mind's s'uht, tad showed Agatha npon it appealing to him. Indeed, some of the men (boughs him postered, and were shj of gains aft or posing along tbe portion of tbe deck he might be striding. lie never seemed weary of walking. Sometimes be would cjame co a - stand, and, gr&iping; a piQ or a b#ekstay» scud bia gue fall of fire round tbe sea u> either quarter, and then resame bis walk. Stone w»9 more affectea tbau Hiram. Tbo - principal ide put into ibe ekipper by Pbr- teicae's manner waa— 'If tbe island's delusion of Stone's, what in tbe name of all that's holy will tbe parson feel and think aod dew when I has to tarn to and say, " Well, I can't find the bitlsnd ? " Hiram's sympathy hadn't length enough to go much further ban that! But Stone seemed to eee Forte scue in bis original character— tbat of the mystic, tbe dreamer, slightly deranged, wrong beaded, may be. on a point or two, and so conSdiuR in bia own imsuinatiooe as to make hia & pathetic subject for thought. Not thaiotd Stooe coold have expreened his ideas; bu\ perception has no reference to words, and the veriest laudaman may perhaps - like to knsw that it is possible for the humblest aid most aulettered sailor to havo- faocies aud 'understandings of things which,. K if robed in Siltonic language, would discover the regality, of Milionic thought. Hence there was mingled with Stone's compaa eionate fesr'tbat tbe curate's dream might prove nothing but a delueion, a reverence for aud awe of the sort of transformation that bad been wrought in him by hie silence, bis restlessness, bia passionate viiigance, tbe strange expression in his face, startling for ite iodefinablenea. Hiram noticed the fascination witb which the old sailor wonld watch the clergyman, swiftly einking or diverting Ms gaz» if Fortescue looked hie. way ; and it rendered tbe bkipper more and more dubious of ' BiII'h Island ' as a faot. ' Depend npon it,' be thought to himself, ' this here maimer of the curate's is appealing to Bill's capacity of acting uoder deliuiou hiaielf. A pretty look out if tbe island's a lie! Bat I don't care! There's no con glomeiatm' of the sou's habitude. If 'my navigation ain't accepted be must ship another cap'n.' Aud Mr. Fortescue himself ! Well. be waa feveriihlj restleei, as bow coald he fail to be, since, if tbe breess held, next day was to show him tbe limit of bis long, long journey, and to verifr or disprove tbe most vital part of hia wonderful dream ! It was not unnatural that he could not eat; or tbat, ngbtmg with (tie fearful doubt inspired by Hiram that Stona'e Island was a flight of senile imaginaf-.ou, he should kep a thirsty gtze fixed upon the sea-line for any shadows which might arive there, soolhiugbis pre«ent dread of nltimaie disappointment by the anticipation oi Hiram'i reckoning ; or that he could not res, seeing what to-morrow might signify, and how fast to day was waning. Hie mind was agitated to its depths. The look upon- hie face of human distress mingled with spiritual hope, was the fixed shadow indi cating the inward motions— a thousand feelings c irrMponding with ai<d combining to that marble-like bxity of ficial reveUtion. Tbe chill of fear corrected tbe ardeucy of imagination, or many times he must have broken into transports hy thinking of tba meeting— if she were there to receive him. The sou sank in elory ; the burning crim son floated to the zeuitb, and a bright star ta the east Hashed diamond lite through the wind that blew on tbe schooner's starboard beam Tbe spleodour qu'cklp died, ths orange-tinted foam fadd Into a pallid glioimeriug alongside, and tbe freeh wind chased the rushing schooner uoder a «ky of velvet black, brilliant with orbs, with here and there a steam- like cloud, tbat looked8 like a dim and infinitely remote coustelU- tioo. Theiotluence of Fortescue's maimer was upon the ve<el, and U was 10 he strangely felt when the ltqaid luminous dusk came dowu in the huBbasof expectation, though there were figur-s of men miviag for vard, and tbe glowing tips of tobacco- pipes. It was each weather as needed no 'standing by/je , instead of coiliog themselves away hir a snooze io odd corners, the watch on deck lightly trod here and thre, peering over th side at the sea-line whh a kind oA anxiotse curiosity in their way, as tnougfe. they hd borrowed from the clergyman tbe feeling that tbe island might he made uut againetfthe low down stare at any moment, and tbey could not rest (or tbe derire to see. it, and wha: might show upon it even in tbe darknesH, so full of tbe supernatural was tbe idea of it to them. Sometimes tbere would be a faint glare ol lightning in the south-west, like the dim »heen of some gigaotic violet-tinted lamp flashed unon the sky Irom behind the sea; again and again meteors of magnifwenee, trailing clouds of splendour, swept tbeia sparkling dust under tbe stars, and Fortescua thought of 'he bri/ht exhalation that had leapt aod sailed aud vanished over the mast hoids of he Verolam as he marked her melting into the dues past the English Fore land. Tne wa'er waa fiery witb phosphorus, aod standing to leeward whenever tb— schooner clove a longer sea than usual, you d- mnrk the bra«sy glare rising to the rounded cloths, and for the moment making tne whole configuration of tbe fabric ghastly with tbia churchyard radiauce a il leaned andor tbe sweepiog stars. From time to time the log was bove, and this was the - only feature of tbe schognet's life that-. Forteacae seemed to notice ; the rattling ol the reel was a summons to him ; hs wonld start and go to tbe lee qaarter, and there — stand like a spectre— sve but for bissleep- le-s eyes, which Bhoue gleaming to the hull'sete the man who turned the glass held to show the running of tbe sand ; whilst- Stone or Hiram dragged in tbe lengifi of the — line through tbe glittering eddying spangle of tbe wake ; and whenever toe speed waa named he moved forward again, ehiftiuft from side to side just before the mainmast with reste between, which hejd take witb bis arms crossed upon tbe rail, staring ooW into tbe windy, starlit night. (TO B£ CONTINUED.) 