ITEMS OF INTEREST. t Tbshe arrival at Naples of large numbers of s fugitives from Sicily creates great antiety. Catania remainsthechief centre of the cholera c epidemic. Oa 10:h July thirty-even cues and eighteen deaths were reported. At Ro cella, in Calabria, there were four caes and two deathe. According to information from Pielermaritz burg, the Natal treasurer' financial state ment made in the Legislative Council showed I that owing to improved traae the deficit at the 1 beginning of the year had been reduced from L23,?000 to L161,00? It is expected that by the financial arrangements made Isat session the deficit will be completely moered daring the current year. Corre spoedence ha been read in the Logisla tve Council which passed between the Secretary of State for the Colonies and Mr. John Robinson, when the fatter wa in London as the Natal delegate to the Colonial Con ference. It ie generally considered that Sir H. Holland means to convey that unler- respon sible Government be accepted by the colony all public works dependent on loans must be Judgmentwa given at Leipeic onSth July in the treason trsal which has been proceed ing before the Imperial Court. Klein was condemned to six years' imprisonment in a penitentiary, and Grebert to five years. Erhart was aquitted. Toe reasons asetoond for the sentences are that the guilt of both Klein and Goebert has been fully proved, partly by their own confession and partly by the depositions of witnesses and the corre. spondenow found to have been exchanged between Klein and S:haehbele. It is further explained that both the accnaed knew that their communications wonud be received by the French Minister of War. In the southern parts of Georgetown county, S.C., says the New York Herald, is a large saeet of fresh water known as Dawbe Lake, widely celebrated for its great quantity of excellent fish of many verneties. About ten days ago a terrific hailstorm of several hon ' adration paseed over that section, doing great damge to growing cromps rnd beating nrge quanritieo of leaves and limbs of trees into the lake. A few days after this storm the fish in the laks began to appear by thousands upon the surface of the water in a dying condition, the quantity increasing daily, until the surface of the Inke was literally corered with dead fishes. The water of this lake has always been of a whitish colour, clear, soft, and pleasant to the taste, but immediately after the storm it became as black as ink and bitter as quinine, in which condition it has since continued. Dawbe Lake is about two miles long, and from two to 500 yards wide, and varies in depth from 10 to 301S. Adjacent lakes were not affected. Particulars of a most sensational murder trial mo California, the sequel of which was the lynJingp of the murderer, are 5men by th' Phtladolphi correspodsent of the "Tome.." One Hong-di, a Chinaman, recently brutal:y murdered a man and a wcman at Colusa. Call forn a. He wae tried on 9th July, the jnay finding a verdict of guilty, and pronooucinr his punishment to be imprisonment for life. Their verdict incensed the crowd in court, who wanted the man banged; and the judge said be would not accept the decision of the jury. Brerybody being armeda, wild scene eoetel io the court- room, a hundred pistols being drawn amid cries of "Lynch himT' The sheriff rose and quitted the crowd, saying that, while he disapproved of the verdict, he hoped no blood would be abed in court. Toe prisoner was then removed togaoL A mob surrounded the bui'dicn at midnight, broke In and sei??t Hang-di, and dragged him out to a bridge, where they barged him by tbrowing him over the parapert with a roperound his neck. The shesoS then took the bdy tack to the gaol. A movement ba been beasn at New York f fort cutting a Nicaroguayan canal under s American auspices. A sum of 100,000lol in sold has been paid to the Nlcaraguayan Government for the concession for cotting the canal The Nicaraguayan Canal Con. struction Company has been organised with 12.000.000doL of capital, and will soon send out engineers to verify and relocate Menocal'e I a.rveye. It is expected that the company will begin the work of excavation and of Shabroor improvement when the advising l r b'al of engineers, mcluding Mr. Menocal, ' approved of the surveys. An interesting ollection of pictures is now sing exhibited at the Amerioms Exhibition at Earl's Court. They prove that America is Sl.arning the business of painting in Paris, and (a. was pretty generally known before) is learning it well ; though whether America Swll long consent to run in French leadlog I strings is quite another quuetion. The pictures a painted under other than French infuence are I for the most part on a different and lower plane of art altogether. Sarh are the large, showy, theatrical landrospes of a mn who has bad eoneiderable v roe in some parts e.g the United States, Albort Bierstalt, a Disseldorf artist. and such the large canvas in which the Penooylvanian I artist Rothermel has attempted the almost i impossible taek of representing the mi.re in she bloody battle of Gettysburg. St:ill, though the palnting of this enormoune picture is faulty enough, it gives a painfully true idea o' the deadly struggla in which, to use the Northern prase. "' the back of the Rebellion was broken." The armi's engaged were, as Molke said, rather two vast armed mobs Ithan trained armies; and bore they are in I collsion, thousands mixed with thousands in the grip of mortal combaL A great pnblic mreting was held in New York on Sunday, 10:h July. at which Father M'Glyon Oered the Papal excommunicatiun. an saId --' I learned under the very shadow of the Vatican that the man who sine arainst his consaence sins against the Holy Ghost, and if any power on earth, e*en thouah it be him who sits enthroned in the Vatican, commands a man to do or say aught againet his oonscience, to obey even that power were to sin against the Holy Ghost. If it were in their power as it way once-thank God it is no 1,,oger--hey would impriaxn the truth in dongeone aol martyr it at the sake in the persons of those who throu?h no fault of their own read God's truth in the facts of rociety, is the strata of the earth, and upon the skies.t l s a notorious fact that religion Ja vanibhing in every part of the world. Men are being alienated from the church. particularly from the Catholic Church. Nowbere is the church more hated than in the so-called Catholic countries. The effort to obtain a Papal reprteentative at Washinoton is quite in keeping with the same volecy that has led the Pope to send two i Italian prelates to Ireland An ErglLsh f noodle of a Catholic lord, the Earl of Denbigh I \--and yoe may alweay mistreae Ecglish t Catholic., erpectally an English Catholio tarl, to :u0to any Proteetant so his hatred or Cathllic Ireland-says that the Pope told him f not merely of his great estefm oAd affection for Ergland, which is well eongh, bout of his great desire to be of use t' England. ten who have fought for Catholicisam hare bern slapped in the face bythe Pane to please Prince Bismarok. So long as the Ciatholics let the Roman machine, of which the Pope is the mere puppet, do this, that machine will usre Paddy in Ireland end the German Paddy and Amerman Padoy as pawne on the political cheseboard, to be sold out at any time for what it san get in return.. Trevethick in 1810 made the first locomotive steam engine. Till his experd. ment it was imagined that turned wheelsa wonld tire no locomotion, and this mistake bsmarurced the introdnction of team neelga- I' tion by revolving paddlis 