Intercolonial. Failing to secure the English sire Limestone, the New Zealand Stud Company have purchased Sword Dance, whose breeding shows that he possesses similar strains of blood to the son of Wenlock, as he is by Tomahawk from Duvernay,. by ^ Beadsman, trpm Cachuca, by Vol tigeur from Ayacanora, by Birdcafcher. He was foaled in 1877* and raced three times as a two-year-old, out of which he was credited with a win in the September Plate for two-year-olds, at Manchester. . As a three-year-old he ; was unsuccessful, though he carried silk eight titpee; but. the following year he ran second to Peter in the Royal . Hunt Cup at Ascot, and won the High Weight Plate with ! an impost of 8st. lllb., at the same meeting. Ho also secured the Grendor Welter Handicap at Four Oaks Park, the Corinthian Plate at Goodwood, and the Alexandra Plate at Doncaster, ere he retired into private life. Such a well-bred and well-performed horse should be a great acquisition to the New Zealand Stud Company. The winter meeting of the Geelong Racing Club takes place to-day. The Tasmanian Racing Club have decided to hold a Spring Meeting at Elwick in November. Tbe entries for the Williamstown Handicap of 400 sovs. number 109, and include the names of Spade Guinea, Pasha, and Teddy Yuille. The members of the Ballarat Turf Club held their annual general meeting on Saturday last, Mr. M. Loughlin presiding. In reviewing the business of the year, the report pointed out that finan cially the spring meeting held in December last had not been a success, as the entries were not in accordance with the value of the prizes. The autumn meeting on Easter Monday was well patronised, though the programme was not so inviting as that for the springy gathering, 'he balance-sheet showed an amount of £127. os. 4d. to the credit of the club ; but, under the cir cumstances, the committee did not deem it advisable to pro ceed with the erection of a new grand stand at present. It was decided to hold the spring meeting on December 2nd and 3rd. The election of office-bearers for the coming year resulted as follows Committee : Messrs. M. Loughlin, F. Wilson, A. Wynne, Rob, Orr, W. Bailey, S. Holgate, and A. Greenfield ; hon. treasurer, Mr. Agar Wynne ; Hon. secretary, Mr. A. M. Greenfield. The seventh annual meeting of the Victorian Club was held on Tuesday afternoon, Mr. C. D. O'Halloran pre siding. The .report and balance-sheet for the past year were presented, and the chairman, in moving their adop tion, referred to the success which had attended the club since possession had been taken of the new premises. The roll of membership had been increased by 100, including some of the leading citizens of Melbourne! and their pre mises had been visited by many distinguished gentlemen, among whom were Lord Carrington and Sir H. B. Loch, and who expressed themselves as greatly pleased with, the club arrangements. Two race meetings had been held under the management of the club during the period under notice, resulting in a surplus of £450. The financial position of the club was most satisfactory. The liabilities amounted to £2400, while the assets could fairly be valued at £5000. The report was adopted. Messrs. L. L. Smith, A. Garner, and D. S. Wallace were elected members of committee, Mr. Grice was appointed treasurer and ex officio member of committee, and Messrs. A. W. Pearson and G. R. Fenner were re-elected as auditors. The committee of thB Victoria Racing Club met on Tues day afternoon, and elected the following, officials for the current year Chairman, Mr. C. B. Fisher ; stewards, Messrs. W. Leonard, D. S. Wallace, R. Power, M. O'Shanassy, and C. B. Fisher ; judge, Mr. R. S. Wakley ; starter, Mr. G. Watson ; handicapper, Mr. E. T. Barnard ; hon. surgeons, Messrs. T. N. Fitzgerald and E. M. James ; treasurer, Mr. J. C. Walker ; works committee, Messrs. S. Gardiner, W. Leonard, H. Smith, J. Whittingham, and S. Miller ; finance committee, Messrs. C. B. Fisher, M. O'Shanassy, and D. S. Wallace ; distressed jockeys' fund' committee, Messrs. W. Leonard, S. Miller, R. Power, aud G. Watson; secretary, Mr. H. Byron Moore. At Messrs. Yuille and Co.'s annual sale of blood stock on Wednesday Musk Rose fetched 225 guineas ; Exminister, 205 guineas ; Chuckster, 160 guineas; The Plunger, 280 guineas ; and Grand Prix, 100 guineas. The ship Port Jackson, which leaves Melbourne for India at an early date, takes over 300 horses for the Eastern market. The shipment includes about a dozen thorough breds lately purchased by Mr. E. Weekes, among whom are Golden Gate, by Grand Flaneur— Verbena (full brother to 'Frisco (the Sydney Cup winner), who has been purchased for Lord Beresford ; Brinkman, Basil, Starlight, The Ghost, Patience, and a Piscator filly. They are a well bred lot, and should distinguish themselves on the Indian turf. The chances of the ' mighty New Zealander' competing on the Australian turf during the spring campaign are dis cussed as under by the sporting writer of the New Zealand Herald'. — 'The lenient treatment Nelson received in the Hew Zealand Cup seemed to leave no. doubt in the minds of the great majority of Auckland turfites that Major George would throw down the gauntlet at Riccarton rather than send the son of King Cole over to try conclusions with the cracks at Flemington; but the persistent manner in which a well-known follower of the stable has been inquiring the horse's price for the Melbourne Cup has caused the small punters a little dismay. The other night all the 100's to 1 on offer about tho horse for the big Flemington race were accepted, and an offer to take 1000 to 15 remained unsatis fied. I learn that Major George has not yet made up his mind which race to go for, so that .backers should not be too rash intheir investments, or they may find themselves in the same plight as overthelast Dunedin Cup, when the horse was sent to Australia, and left them lamenting over the fact that they had a non-goer intheir bpoks, instead of a ' epeeler.' No doubt by ihe time the first forfeit becomes due (August 1st) Major George will have finally made up his mind which race he intends going for, and until such is known backers would do well to be cautious.' Latest New Zealand files give the results of the Steeple chase meeting held under the auspices of the Wellington Racing Club on the 16th instant. The weather was, favourable, and though the course was a trille soft after the late rain, it was not in bad order. The racing was excel lent, and the dose finishes in a couple . of instances brought about a good deal of dissatisfaction, on account of the decisions of the judge. Five saddled up for the Trial Steeplechase Handicap,- 2£ miles, and Owhaoko (12st.) went' to the post a hot favourite, hut he failed to come up to the expectation of his admirers, and was beaten by four lengths Dy Zulu (lOst.), Patriot- (9st.) filling the third place. The Hurdle Handicap, 2 miles, ended in a victory for Kangaroo (lOst. 2lb.), with Kingask (list. 71b.) a couple of lengths away, -and Erebus (lOst. 31b.) thud. Deceiver (9st. olb.) won the Flying Handicap, f-mile, easily by a length and a-half /rom - Wairuna (7st. 121b.) and Fabrication (7st. 71b.). The principal event — the Wellington Steeplechase, of 150 bovs., about 3 miles — attracted a field of half a score horses, including Echo . (9st. 101b.), Mangaohane (list. 41b.), Orient (list.),- Belle (list. 121b.), Secretary (list.),. Victor (lOst.), Mammock (9st 121b.), Kangaroo (9st. 121b.), Erebus (9st. 12lb.), and May wood (9st. 71b.). Mangaohane was favourite, and a great race took place in the' ran home between the son of Pohukara — Wild Duck and Echo, ending in a win for die latter on the post by a none, while Orient beat Belle by a ' head for third place. The judge's decision for this event was subjected to severe criticism, not a few asserting that Mangaohane had won by a head. The distance was covered in 6 minutes. 46 seconds. Forward (fist. . 121b.),' Johnny (9st. 101b.), and Rata (8st. 121b.) filled.the places -in the Selling Hurdle Race, two miles, a length separating the first and second'; and Deceiver (lOst. 71b.) repeated his per formance in the Flying Handicap by. annexing the Welter Handicap, 1£ mile, from Wairorw (9st. 71b.) and Voltiguer (9at), who filled the places, and seven other runners. The j suin of £2500 was passed through the totalisator during the i day. ? The disadvantages which a number of the racing institu tions of Northern Queensland labour under owing to the unfortunate differences that exist between the north mil south, ate fully illustrated by tho following communication from the Courier's correspondent at Norman ton: — ''Our Normanton races were a success. Our club has got into disgrace with the Northern dubs for racing under the Queensland Turf Club rules, but we thought it was best, after a good deal of consideration, to do so. This disqualification of horses is ruining racing here, for now you can only run at one meeting. It is a pity the two clubs don't come to some arrangement to let each run under what rules they please, for no doubt even tually they will all come under the Q. T. C. To show you how it injures us out here, there are races at Burke town thia month, yet horses cannot compete from here, as they run under the Northern rules, so that debars us from going. Then, again, beyond Burketown there are Camoo weel and Boulia, who race under the Q. T. C. If they had all been under the same rules, horses could havo gone from here right through ; now they have to stop at home.' Floyd, the cross country rider, lost two fingers of his left hand last week, through the bursting of a gun which ho was discharging at a hawk. At the annual meeting of the Victoria Racing Club on Monday it was resolved that the minimum weight to be carried by any horse in any handicap fiat race should be 6st. /lb., instead of 6et., as formerly. ?Hie Auckland (N.Z.) correspondent of the Weekly Press writes as under: — ' Although Silver Prince is in such good request for the Melbourne Cup, in Australia, local backers will not have the sou o£ Anteros at any price for great race. Most of the money laid about him here has. been taken by backers in Wellington and Dunedin. I hardly know why this should be, but such is the case.' Tbe South Australian -bred sire, Baron Von Mueller, was awarded first prize in his class for three-year-olds and over, and Champion, at the Warren Agricultural Society's Show, last week. Baron Von Mueller was bred by Sir Thomas Elder. The Hunter's prize fell to Mr. Hell man's Uhlan, by Greyskin from Alice, who was ably ridden by Mr. Parkinson. The weights for the two leading handicaps of the Queens land Turf Club's Winter Meeting were declared on Tues day, and appear elsewhere in this issue. The well-perfonned Pirate has the post of honour in both handicaps, with 9st. 71b. in the Jubilee Plate, and a pound more in the Turf Club Handicap, and, notwithstanding his recent vic tories, tho son of Westminster will have all his work cut out to catch the judge's eye first in either event. Yabba comes next in the Jubilee Plate with a pound less than Pirate ; but in the Handicap they meet on level terms with 9st. 81b. each. Lauristina, who has been making such a good record of late, nothing to complain of in either race, as she has been awarded 7st. 71b. in the Plate, and 31b. more ih the Handicap, and with such handy imposts she should give a good account of herself. Claude has received 7st 81b. in the Plate, and 41b. more in the Handicap, quite sufficient to steady him over the distance in either event, and Moinington has been fairly handicapped out of both events. _ The annual parade of draught and thoroughbred stal lions was held on Monday, at Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co.'s yards, Melbourne. There was a large attendance, among whom was tho Governor. The bidding was inani mate, and many horses were passed in. The following were the chief sales effected: — FitzJames (imp.), an Irish hunting stallion, fell to the bid of Mr. A. Booth, Wagga Wagga, for 600 guineas; Royal Stranger (imp.), an Eng lish roadster sire, was purchased by Mr. Mackenzie, Gipps land, for 490 guineas ; Viscount, a brown Cleveland horse, was bought by Mr. T. Guthrie, Geelong, for 220 guineas; Phenomenon, a dark bay Cleveland colt, realised 200 guineas, his purchaser being Mr. Alexander White, Omeo ; Young Spot, a New Zealand-bred roadster, brought 75 guineas; and Tempest, who was secured by Mr. Johns, 70 guineas. The date for the Spring Meeting of the Bendigo Jockey Club has been fixed for November 23rd and 24th, and the programme will be shortly issued. A match for £100 aside has been arranged to come off at St. Lawrence (Q.), on October 14, between Mr. P. Duff's Cavalier, 7st., and Mr. C. H. Paine's Constance, 8st. ; distance, 2 miles. Tramp, a well-known old performer on the New South Wales turf, and who is now Ideated in the Queensland metropolis, is again in training. He broke down badly last summer, and it was then thought that the son of Idfa Boy would go into permanent retirement, but there is just the bare possibility that he will saddle up during thetsprins campaign. Tipmp won the Jockey Club Handicap, if mile, 'at the winter meeting of the Dubbo Jockey Club last year, when, with 7st. 121b. up, he defeated Liberty 7st. 101bv and Lindesfarn, 7st. 101b., by a length. At the annual meeting of the members of the Victoria Racing Club, held at Melbourne on Monday last, the leso lution affirming the desirableness of raising the minimum weight to be carried in any handicap fiatrace to 6st. 71b., came on for consideration. The mover, Mr. G. Davis, stated that a strong reason why the motion should ba adopted was the difficulty experienced in obtaining suitable jockeys to ride at light weights, and instanced tne case of the coming Melbourne Cup, in which there were 80 horses handicapped at 7st. or under; while there were 40 at 6st. 71b. or under. He* pointed out that justice could not be done to the horses if ridden by . boys in such a great race, while a higher standard would help to exclude weedy racehorses from such events. Ho referred to the danger incurred by a field of horses ridden by inexperienced and incapable boys, and stated that there were not more than a dozen or twenty riders in the colonies who knew how to handle, a horse in a race. Be sides, under the present state of tilings there was no encouragement given to respectable lads to undergo the training necessary for professional riding, as they would soon grow too heavy for the present scale. He did not con sider that middle dass horses would suffer' by the proposed change; and as to the difference that would be caused between the minimum of the V. R. C. and that of the A. J. C. or other dubs, it would furnish cause for specula tion as to whether a horse winning under the lighter mini mum in New South Wales, could cross the Murray and win under the higher scale. He thought that the question was ona - that the clubs should deal with, and not the handicappers, as . it was a matter of policy which should be settled by tho members. The motion was seconded by the Hon. W. Pearson, and supported by Mr. Rennison. Judge Quintan, t Mr. C. D. O'Halloran, and Dr. L. L. Smith opposed the resolution, and the latter, gentleman stated that the. most seriouB accidents which had occurred were due -to other causes than that. the riders were light-weight boys. In reply, Mr. Davis said that on the average the : weights earned in England were higher than they were in the colo nies. .The resolution was then put, and carried by a majority of 24— Ayes, 66; noes, 32. 