PARTICULAR BAPTIST CHURCH. Pastor D. Allen, in charge of the Particular Baptist Church, Castlereagh- street, in response to the thanksgiving proclamation recently issued by the Governor, preached two very eloquent sermons yesterday, the subject being " Christian Loyalty and Seditious Tyranny." Pastor Allen took his text from the 1st Epistle of St. Peter, 2nd chapter, and 17th verse—" Honour all men ; love the brotherhood ; fear God ; honour the King." Here are the four quarters of a Christian life. Honour all men. The more perfect or literal reading would be Esteem all men. Thus we have the life of which they belong, namely, a new existence. We have the redemp- tion of Christian life, the blood of Christ ; we have the election of God in which they are chosen ; we have the great mercy of God which they have obtained ; we have the greut power by which they are preserved ; we have the precious faith of which they are put in posses- sion ; we have the fervent love which the Lord has put in them ; this will make them distinct from the self-conceited and will lift them above the only source of contention, pride. Self esteem is the child of pride and the maker of all contention, and those who are saved from these will esteem their parents, masters, officers, husbands, wives, brothers, sisters, little ones, deacons, pastors, magis- trates, judges, governors, and queens. This is the one- quarter of a Christian's holy obedience to the Lord as dis- tinct from the lawless mobs of seditious persons who stifled free speech in the Town Hall, and have blasphemed God and our Queen in our theatres and parks for years. Love the brotherhood. The second quarter of a Christian's life is love to all the people of God. " All them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity." It must be observed that this is not denomination love, but the fraternal love of the whole body of believers in Christ fiom the Queen on the throne down to her humblest subject. The love of the brotherhood allows of that curse, 1 Corin- thians, 16th chapter and 22nd verse: " If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ let him be Anathema Maranatha." This is the portion of the unloved who have filled our theatres on Sunday nights, to call our belo ed Queen evil names. They have also called the Lord Jesus, " The son of a Ghost." These are not to be loved, but hated. Twice I have sent their tract circulated by thousands on our parks to ex- Attorney-Generals and one to the press, wherein God Al- mighty is set forth as a parent monkey, the Son of God as a young monkey, parsons as lazy monkeys, and Christians as chattering monkeys. My soul trembles when I tell you of their foul and most infernal words. One of these officials in reply wrote me, "I wonder God does not swallow up our noble city of Sydney for allowing such blasphemy to be uttered in our midst." It is no part of Christian loyalty or duty to love, or allow of such monsters of the abyss into which the devils of Ger- gesenes rushed the swine and perished in the sea, and these too must perish except they repent. This love is of God, to God, is the new birth, is divine life, is in every Christian, is Christ's new law. This love purifies the heart. Thus the second quarter of a Christian's sacred duty is to love all who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth. Fear God. To fear God is the third quarter of a Christian's duty. This fear is the beginning of wisdom ; it is named a great number of times in the Word of God, and the people of God are characterised many times by its presence in them. If others seek to blast the fame of God and her Majesty, it is because " they have no fear of God before their eyes," while the Christian affirms, " This, did not I, because of the fear of the Lord." God has put this fear into every one of his people's hearts—" I will put my fear in their hearts, and they shall not depart from me." This fear (1) keeps them from mocking God or the Queen, (2) constrains them to bless God and pray for the Queen, (3) keeps them from violating the laws of God and the Queen, (4) constrains them to obey God's laws and the Queen's, (5) keeps them from despising law and order ; (6) constrains them to the love of law and order in the city. This fear also constrains them to render unto the Queen the things which belong to the Queen, and unto God the things that are God's. Thus it will be impossible for a disloyal person to fear God. This then is the third quarter of a Christian's life, as distinct from the bold blasters of the fame of God and her Majesty, of which sin no God-fearing person can possibly be guilty. Honour the King. Here we have an absolute command from God to us and all his people, personally and relatively, individually and collectively, to " Honour the King" or Queen. All who are disloyal must therefore be breakers of God's commands. They cannot be Christians. Pastor Allen here quoted extensively from his lecture upon "The Bible and the throne of England," which went to show that no one can rebel by defaming against the Bible without rebelling against the Throne, or against the Throne without rebelling against the Bible. The reverend gentleman, shortly before bringing his sermon to a close, gave many instances why we honour our Queen, who with her ancestors have maintained civil and religious liberty in our nation for 173 years. This makes up the fourth quarter of a Christian's life as distinct from a seditious tyrant, " Long live the Queen to know the secret of her nation's glory, Long live the Prince to read the grand old story Which his honoured father knew ; Long stand the Throne and holy Bible in one great combina- tion, Long last the glorious oath of our Monarch's coronation, God make the traitors few. Some excellent verses written by Mr. Allen were read, besides which the address presented by the Particular Baptist Church denomination to her Majesty was also read. 