MR. MULLER'S FAREWELL. On Tuesday evening last, after a sojourn in the colony of two months, Mr. George Muller bade farewell to his friends in an address, delivered in the Baptist Church, Tynte Street, North Adelaide. There was a large attendance. The devotional part of the service was conducted by the Rev. W. E. Rice (pastor) Mr. Muller, on rising to speak, said that as that was the last meeting,which he would have the opportunity to address prior to bis departure from the colony, he desired to ask the prayers of his christian brethren on behalf of himself and wife. He would ask them to pray that they might have journeying mercies on their future travels, that they might have suitable openings resented for usefulness, that they might have spiritual S elp, especially blessing and strength from the Holy Ghost that they might be fit for work and service, and that God would prepare the hearts of those to whom they might speak, so that all their efforts might be used for tbe glory of God. That his friends might know the magnitude of the work in which he was engaged. Mr Muller gave a list of more than 30 countries which he and Mrs. Muller had visited during the past twelve or 13 years, involving journeys amounting in the aggregate to 142.000 miles, or more than six times the circumference of the whole globe. Before he came to South Australia he had hundreds of times prayed for its people, and now that he was going to leave them he asked that they would pray for him, that in his future work the name of Christ might be magnified, and that he might finish his course with joy. The were a few points which he felt laid upon his heart to speak on that evening. The first of these was to exhort christians not to be over much discouraged in trial and affliction. When trouble came it was Satan's aim to overwhelm the believer and to divert his attention away from Christ to the trial itself. The christian should hold fast to the faith that all things worked together for good to those who loved God. He had found again and again in his own experience that though he had been permitted to walk in the midst of trouble, the Lord had revived him, and again shown him His goodness in the land of the living. A second thought was that they should seek to acquaint themselves with God as He had revealed Himself in the Scriptures. They could not confide in God nor understand His ways unless they knew Him. He had revealed Himself in the Scriptures. To that foun tain of truth they should go, and not to any second hand source. If they did so they would be able to trust Him and would be satisfied with His wisdom and goodness. , , „ , In the third place they should seek to make God their portion. If they did so, come what might, they would be at peace. Under all circumstances, even the greatest trials, they would be happy. Those who had not yet made God their portion should do so without delay. Another point he would impress upon them was that they should seek to be lovers of the Word of God. The tendency in the present day was to depart from the Word of God and to substitute something else. All Christians should seek to be lovers of the Word. One means to this end was the consecutive reading of the Bible with praver and meditation on the portion read. He could not 'tell them what a blessing had come to his own soul since he had learned to love the Word. Then every Christian was called to some service. God would have no loiterers in His church. We should all seek to find out what God would have us to do. It was wise to ask the advice of older and more experienced Christians, but we should wait on God until He shows the way. He desired also to ask their constant prayers for those all over the earth who were seeking to teach the truth as it was contained in the Gospels. They should not be* content with doing this on Sunday morning only, but every day in the week. He begged them also to pray for their own pastors. He always knew by a kind of spiritual instinct whether he was labouring amongst a praying people or not. If they would pray for their ministers they would be surprised to see how much good would be done. One more point he would urge was that each should do his part to promote union and brotherly love. It was the desire of Christ that His people should be oue. They should own as brethren all who held the foundation truths of the gospel, and should stand by them and co-operate with them in Christian work. They could do this without sacrificing their own views of truth. He had sought to promote union and brotherly love wherever he had gone by labouring in connection with all demoninations of Christians. If they would all do so, great good would result. He expected to leave on Thursday for Mount Gambier, thence to Melbourne, Tasmania and New Zealand. He thanked them for all the kindness they had shown him, and for all the open doors they had set before him, more indeed than he could well enter into. And in bidding, them farewell, he prayed that the Lord's choicest blessings might rest upon them all. Mr. Chas. Goode, with whom Mr. and Mrs. Muller have been guests during their stay here, said a few "words of farewell on behalf of the laymen of the city, and the Rev. S. Mead spoke on behalf of the ministers. After Mr. Muller had briefly thanked these brethren for their kind words, a hymn was sung; Mr. and Mrs. Muller were commended to God in prayer by pastor R. K. Finlayson, and the meeting closed. 