\- ' >- — MB. 'JEKUrEBE INHEKITANC3. ""The Rer. Glemeat Jenifer bad inherited a «f.n.rty ! .The lo-ye/n letter aonoonaog Jm facUay before him, beeide the breakfast vekieh no bed forgotten in the thnognt ot »H1« unsxprcted good fortune. Itwae uota or8kf48t» HhoQRh Mr. at Cid-a:i j-lort. wa» itill onlf a corauj on h -of £150 ir-.r aDDam, for tnrt.uKf> toe ter p»irt of hw twenty ii boly 5'tlera he had acted on tb© principle that if gno hii timo t© lh© poor it wr as .nuch ma they could expect, and so if they called Eareou Jenifer ' herd' and ' close,' end pre- lArred aoing to the Vicax, why, tout was not Btfa fault. ... . . 'Hie inheritance consisted in a good hons» -end eeveral houdre-is a year, and he sat and thoaght over the difference this woold make in hie future. No more for him the dally wervice, read as part of the dav'e work —no more visiiing of thriftless, complaining, vnaddling poor, wi'h whom he ws« com- gile-ely ont of touch — in a word, do more rlruduery ? Twenty years of. dradgery t That was what his life amounted to. Nut fr.r him the spirit of love that softens and the high, ttioughm that .ancti'y daily ta-ks ; only the grudging gift of obligatory toil. It was written on nie face, in lines marked My twenty yearn— no, not qoite twvntv— he had chonght differently at fir.t — hut by more than a dozen years of diecon'ent nod re pining. It was a pity, too, for the face wB one of great poa.ihilities, clnnded over -by the dnllne.sof the heart that fails to .ee through the service the Master who ia eerved. Kven now he had no regret 'or the kind mid friend who bad left him a goodly -hare mf his property ; no thought that the hand which had ever been ready to help him and -many another was helpless now henceforth ; on spirit of gratitude for this la.t loving gift — only a selfish plensnre in his own good luck, and a feeling of discontent that it had been so long in coming. And thus thinking be rose and went to sea his Vicar to make arrangements fur the visit to hia lawyer, which must precede hia taking possession of -hie new inheritance. lie found no difficulty in obtaining leave of absence for the purpose. The Vicar was a kind and open-hearted man, and pleased at Mb curate's unexpected prosperity. 1 Well, Jenifer,' ha said, '1 am very glad for yon, though you can't apprecinte it as tnucb aa if you hnd a wife and family de- pending on you. All the lame, yon have my hearty congratulations.' 'Ah,' said Mr. Jenifer, 'things generally come too Inta, Now, if this hnd happened when I was ten years younger., what a differ ence it would have made to me 1' ' But your friend's life was a very valuable one to many, waB it not?' aaid the Vicar. Fr'un all I havo heard of him, I Bhnuld think that even now there will be plenty of people to say that the end has come tenyearB too noon, rather than too late.' ' Why, he was nearly ninety I' said Jenifer, kts if the fact were rather a reproach to the old man. Then he hastened away to make big preparations for leaving. The Vicar'e wife came in aa tho enrate went tint. She found her husband gazing rather \--sadly into tho dull street. ' Mury, my dear,' lie said, ' it is my belief 'that after the mirnclee of the loaves and tiabea there were some among the 5,000 who complained that the bread was etale and the fish not ao fresh as it might have been,' Meanwhile Clement Jenifer was speeding on to London to see hia lawyer. He found tbero was one condition which ho must fulfil before be could oall himaelf master of house rnnd income. Mr. Dacre had only willud Waterdeil Unit to him under the proviso that he should pass one night in the house entirely -alone. Mr. Jenifer laughed when this clause was read to him. ' Thnt's net a very hard thing to do,' BBid "4ie. ' But was Mr. TJacre's brain Bolteuing \rtifln he made his will?' ' Not at all,' unsw.red the lawyer, shortly. "Anyone who saw Mr. Dacre in his last hourB -will tell you that the dear old man's mind was as clear to the end as in Mb best days. When you go to Waterdeil, you will not please your poor neighbours there if you suggeat to them that the man who was so universally beloved and revered was crazy. I have no doubt this letter, which be instructed me to deliver to you personally, will explain the -matter.' This was, however, not the caso. The note "was hut a Bhort one, and gave no reason for the testator's wish, except that ha had in- -borited Waterdeil Hall nnder the same stipulation, that he had ever been thankful for having carried it out, and hoped that, though bis friend Olement Jenifer wus older than he himself bad been when ho came into tho property (' for,' he wrote, with a touch of bis ordinary hnmoor, ' I have been, like Charles II., an unconscionable timoa-dying'), yet that a solitary night passed in his future florae would prove as great a blessing to hira aa'it had been to the writer, and so, without farther explanation, signed hitiiBelf his alfectionate friend, Thomas Dacre. That was ull. Clement Jenifer never liked -being-insdo ridiculous, uud he thought that tbie will went voty near that possibility. Yet be conld not lose his inheritance for fear of being absurd, so, after certain business instructions from the lawyer, he went to hia hotel for that night, and next morning started for Waterdeil. He put up at a little Idp in the nearest market town before pro- -ceediug to bis destination, where, the lawyer bad informed hiro, he would find nil things in reudiness to receive him for his lonely vigil, if vigil it was to be. The inn wsb full of the farmers of the neighbourhood come in to the market, and, after much discourse on gin and turnips, the conversation, Mr. Joilifer found— lie being, of course unknown — turned 011 tho death of Mr. Dunre. 'They do any,' said one rod- faced, grey- whiskered man of euhstantial appearance— ' they do say that the ghost has boguu to wallt -again sinco the Squire a death.' 'What ghost?' asked a younger man with an incredulous laogh, ' I never beard of a JillOBt lit Waterdeil.' ' No, you mayn't,' eaid the first man ; ' but 'I've heard tell from iny father, times upon -times, that before Squire Dacre come here there were a power ot queer things seen and heard at Wutordell ; and they say that since ho's deud they become baok.' 'They esy ; who says?' asked a tbin, wea>el- faced farmer. ' Well, rny men Marvel for one ; he went mross by the spinney last night, where he >bas been almost every evening these thirty ytm r, and he swears that be enw someone -walking up and down the long path, and 'beard some awful noises. ' Ah I' Buid iho thin man, with a grant, ' Marvel alwaja were a liar.' ' Liar or no liar,' said the fat farmer rather angrily, ' my father saw the ghost himself aixty years ago ; often and often he has told tne of it ; uud 1 behove the old Squire knew -of -it too, for he never laughed or sc> ffed as oome fools dofwith.ia significant suifi) when folk talked of ghosts. ' And so the talk drifted on to other mat- 4oya, and Air. Jenifer was left to contem plate another element of absurdity intro duced into his wall arranged commonplace -existence, and felt quite angry at the thought that ha of all .men should, by the irony of fate, be brought, into u ghost story. But as be -had never bad believed in ghosts, he did not mean to begin now ; and after inquiring bis way to Waterdeil Hall he found that he must start at once if ho wished to xeacb there before nightfall. It was a somewhat dull walk, which led him at last .lalqhg a narrow road ending in an ahrupt descent, The high hedges on either side had Toat their summer beauty without yet .gaining the glory of autumn ; tho fow ruse- Derries were sickly looking and withered and frqsted with a whitish blight, and their leaves hung shivering on the twigs, while iu the fields beyond the evening mists were Already rising. The road turned ehurply to Abe right, and then Waterdeil Hall lay before ite future owner. Ton cheerful eye it might have seemed aeBtlirig iu a bower of greenery ; but Jenifer, out of tune with things ia general and tired with bis walk, saw in its withdrawn! from th« high rnnri a glllltv SKoIaSlOII I— — observation. Four tall Wellingtouias rose dark and solemn above the littlu wicket gate and cast a gloom ovar the garden patch in which aorne late geraniums and petunias only served by their touches of brilliant colour to acoeutuate the general melancholy. The ltouse itself, instead of boldly looking forth on the passers-by, turned ite face away from thd road, and bad no prospect but the litiie bit of garden and the four sentinel trees The door stood open and Mr. Jenifer entered a narrow passage where no welcoming footsteps -came to meet bis own, only a Virgiuian oreeper, torn by tho wind, tapped on. the porch ; otherwise sil waa still, Mr. Jenifer looked around him for.a moment and then went through the Bilent hoose to the ohief sittingroom It wae neither large nor itizb, but it had that indivtdaal charm which tn age and years of occupation can Jft-' The old-fashioned mantel reached, wK'.it dark, rich carving, to the oeijKfc, ocrois which was. a aa®j'® beam, neatly black with ago- The irgtaoe, with its glAilng logs, gave out a <h««rfal glimmer, refloated in the small quarries of the window opposite, over which bung a carved soroU. whose inscription there was not light enough to read. Mr. Janifer breathed a sigh of relief at the comfortable 1 appearance here, in contrast to the depressing . a«pect of the rest of the house; but instead of settling himself (as he felt tempted to do) by the fire, he again went out to look over tho sarrnnriding property. Behind, the ground rote abruptly, and was bounded by a closety growjng cot-pice, through wr.ich a narrow path seemed to strike in the direction of tho viilage. The parson climbed the hill, leaving the coppios on his left, and standing on tho highest pnrtton of the meadow, looked across the low bedge at the last pageant of the Bnn- set. Some elm trees were silhouetted against the sky, athwart which lay hers of rosy flame, tender , and evanescent. One moment the dying light leaped ap brighter and throbbed throagb all the bnrning heaven, and then suddenly it died away, and the dny done. Jenifer tamed and looked at the hail. Already it teemed to be losing itself in the darkness which gathered around it, hiding iu the recesses of ibe gabies, drawing curtains of miBt over the twisted chimneys. The silence, entire and absolute, struck almost with oppression on the mind of this man accustomed to city noises; but even as he thought to himself, ' How still it nil is,' there HOanded in the coppice close behind him a long, sobbing, moaning cry, which rose and fell, and rose again, and then ceased. Olement Jenif.r was not a particularly tender-hearted or compassionate man, but that sodden cry filled him with a vague fear of some cruel deed jaBt perpetrated — some awfol mystery to he brought to light ; and sfter a moment's hesitation be turned in the direction whence it had seemed to come, and found himself on a long path, with a thick yew hedge on either side. Far shead, in the dim twilight, he conld descry a figure walking slowly away from him : he could hear a moaning sound, as of some one in pain. Mr. Jenifer hastened his pace in order to come up with the sufTerer, and ss in- gained on bim and conld eee him more dis tinctly, it seemed to him that there waB some thing familiar in the gait and bearing nf the nnknown. And as he thought so the figure turned, and facing him, advanced with slow, uncertain footsteps, wringing his bsndB a. he cams. What was it that struck Mr. Jenifer ss ao well kDown to him ? What was it that Oiled him with sudden horror, and sent the hlood back to his heart ? All the tales of ghoa'e and haunting noises at which he had scoffed so lately recurred to his mind, and yet there was nothing unearthly in the aspect of any man who waa approach ing him. And now they two stood face to face, and Clement Jenifer enw that this — he knew not what to call it — bore the face which he himself had home twenty years ago, and he knew — though how he could not tall — ihnt he was standing face to face with the ghost of his own dead past. Then ensued a conversation — Btrango, un- natural — between these two, who still were one; hot whether the words were nttered on the evening air or whether the knowledge of what was in the mind of each was mutual to both, it were hard to say. ' Why do I haunt yon 1' said this double of himself, gazing on him with reproachful eves ' Do not mardered victims haunt, their slayers, and have not you murdered that which was the best part of me ? Where are the promises of your young days ? Where are the aspirations, the deBires after a higher life, the noble purpose with which my sonl was filled ? Dead — dead and buried beneath a crust of selfishness ?' ' Youthful follies,' answered Jenifer ; ' gone the way of all such early fancies. Why do you persecute me? Have I stolen, or mardered, or lived uncleanly ? Have I not kept to my work and done it thoroughly, dis tasteful, us it is ?' ' It ia true,' .aid the other, ' the command ments you have not broken ; but where are the hearts you have helped to bind up ? How many have you helpod by your example? Rather, have you not by daily carulesaness, by dryness ot spirit, by perfunctory per formance of your doty, quenched the light that was, aye, Gud knows it was, in me? And in doing so you have wounded many another. Thero are sinoers who ttluy the body, but you have Blain your own soul ; and woe be to hioi of whom this can be suid.' ' Jenifer laughed in scorn. ' When I was what you are all this would had its terrors for me ; now I am not to bo " frightened with false fire." I know what you are, who think to scare me thus— an illusion of the brain, a disturbance in the nervous syBtem. Come daylight, and this will be as if it had never been,' But the other with the Bad and youthful eyes looked at him in sorrow, and said : 'Even in your blindness you apeuk the truth ; for when you were as I am, ere the world had dimmod your sight, you would have seen the precipice on which you stand. Oh, brother of me, though how degraded I give up your dreams of a selfish future ; turn buck while yet you may ; uho the wealth that has come to you, not for yourself only, but for others. Redeem the time that is left to you, uud bring to a huppier second life the promisee, the aspirations of your youth.' ' Begone 1' said Jenifer, ' If not an iliusi jn, then you are an accomplice in Borne con spiracy 10 betray me into a rash vow. Did you and the old man who is in hia grave plan it between you, and laugh to think how yon would scare your foolish dupe? Away from me 1 und do not hope to work your will. 1 have inherited, and I will enjoy 1' ' Nay, then,' said hie double, ' see to what an end your enjoyment shall bring you. 1, -rhom you have destroyed, am what yon were; see now what you shsli be.' Then for one awful moment the parson knew that not only he himself stood there with the spirit of his once pure and earnegt- hearted youth beside him, but a third and dreadful shape— himself as he should be, if uo hand of grace stayed his down ward course, l'lie lightning flash of awakened perception showed him his own old age, whore that which he had called economy had grown to avarice, where cailousneBS had become cruelty —discontent, envy — carelessness, impiety. He saw himself, degraded, mean, despicable, bad, without affections, without tendernesB, without hope, and as the horror of it swept over him with resistless force, Clement Jenifer— the icy crust of years of life, for self- broken at last— fell upon bis face, with the ugonieed cry of the Apostle of old, 1 Who strati deliver me from the body of this de.th ?' When he came to himself he was in the quaiot old sittingroom iu his new home. The Gre hud burned low aod only dimly illuminated the room, bat as be gozed into the glowing eo hers a hitherto unkindled lop broke into flame, and as it leaped ana flickered the scroll which he had before re marked and failed to decipher caught and threw back the yellow light, and Mr. J-ui'er red in letters of gold the poet'r words : Nor deem the Irrevocable psst As wholly w.otod, whully vain, If,'r|,|nir on Its wreck., at last To somatb'ng uohlur 0 atfe.lo. _ He sank on his knees, and there in contri tion of spirit and aiiguish of soul dedicated anew to hie Maker the rears that should be granted to him, the wealth that he hud in herited—himself, body, soul and spirit, ior evermore- People said afterwards that prosperity had been good for Mr. Jenifer ; that it had made him softer, more compassionate, more tender. Ue alone knew that the vision he had seen had coma only just in time to save bim from that utter ruin of soul to which be was tend, ing; and when he thought, as many a time be did, of that awful night, be bowed his head in contrite humilty, and gave thaukB for 'J® warning that had been sent him.— Temple Bat,' 