OUR PARIS LETTER. ffeom our own correspondent. PARIS, 20th November. Tbe colonial qnestiou clings to Franco like a Nesstts shirt. At each remove the question is a lengthening chuin, linked to fresh difficulties and unpalatable souvenirs. Tonkin and Mada gascar come up like Banquo ghosts, and the death of Paul Bert has opened old wounds afresh. It is likely that with tbat brave en thusiast, who did not hesitate to defend his colonial ideas with bis life, and to attest the sincerity of his convictions, will diasnppear all that was hopeful about the future of Tonkin. He pnt his heart and soul into the work of organisation, and bore up, not only against the natural diffictuties of the task, but against the greatest of al! — the jealousy and opposition of colleagues, who could not bear to see others but themselves score a success. The great obstacle at Tonkin is the climate. There is no remedy for the steaming atmo sphere, the malarious water, and the miosuias from t'ue dismal marshes. Strength leaksaway impere.'ptibly from the system, and fevers soon enter to till the vacancy. Fever is but the first stage of: the peculiar dysentery which attacks Europeans ; and frigorific cholera is the last stage : of the malady. It was thus Paul Beit succumbed, and his death lias already acted as a scare, since his succession has been declined by several patriots. Those journals which denounced at tho time the commence ment of the Tonkin adventure by Jules Ferry now cull upon tbat ex-Prime Minister to go aud imitate Paul Bert by risking his life in a policy he had the criminal honor to inaugurate. However, it was Gambetta first took up the craze. It is rumored that in presence of the climatic dangers ahead the Government had secretly paid the high premium of assurance demanded to cover tho risks of Paul Bert's policy, thus uddiug 400,000 f. to the deceased's own insur ance of half that amount. His widow has been voted a pension off hand of 12,000 f. It was good tact to propose tbe measure on the spur of the moment, when the news arrived of the death, as tbe voting demonstrated how thoroughly sick the deputies were of the whole affair. Paul Bert was a man of hard work. His manners to many were considered ruoc, but, ns Goldsmith observed of Dr. Johnson, " there was nothing of the bear about him but the out side." A devotee of science, absorbed in i severe experiments, always seeking facts and comparing results, the trading politician must have been regarded by him with horror. His holiday, bis repose, was to retire to his labora tory. Had his life been spared, it is likely he might have arrived at some concrete results con- uected with artificial respiration. As for animal grafting, that was uot more thau a toy to illustrate a future of physiology. Fau! Bert has not left behind any finished scientific work ; he was well on the road to definite" conclusions, ns may be surmised from his cast of thought, his criticism of other's labors, his own efforts, aud the great advantages he possessed from being a working assistant iu tbe labora tory of Claud Bernard and similar eminent in- vestigators. Madagascar looks gloomy ; tbe Hovas do not seem inclined to part with' all their indepeu- j deuce, aud tbe French mean to be.lord of the isle, " from the centre, allround the sea." In a word. Franco must now conquer Madagascar, or withdraw. The former alternative is diffi cult, the latter painful. No doubt with suffi cient forces ami time the Malagasvs' must go under. But will France make the sacrifice, or rather, can she in the present complicated situation of Europe ? There's the rub. The discussion of the Budget is the best com- mentary that could be passed on the .condition of the finances. No two persons were ugreed, either us to the amount of the deficit or how it | could be met. Plan after plan was knocked J over like pins, on the bowling green: tbe " Miuister ot Finance resigned : then the Cubiuet threatened to follow suit ; thou ail scrambled into an acquiescence, for i this year only — when the same comedy i will be repeated. M. Gertnaiu. chair- man ot the Credit Lyonnais Bank, writes tliut since 1870 France pars £44,000,000 u year — almost the double of the English I budget — increased taxation, and that her float- iug debt is six milliards, or ,£"240,000.000, To balance this a loan will be required, if expenditure be not reduced, or exportutions augment. General Bouhiuger wants £8.000,000 for new repeating rifles, £c. , and Admiral Aube as much more for torpedoes. France does not cut a very agreeable or en viable figure in Ihe Bulgarian affair. Except ing the Temps, which holds high and firm the haulier cf common sense, the other journals back np the monstrous proceedings of General Kan! burs, and maiutuin the Bulgarians hare uo right to emancipate themselves from Cossack thraldom, and that Russia has treaty rights to dispose of them as she deems fit. Such short-sighted journals fail to perceive that j Russia ut Adrianoplo is within grasping dis tance of Constantinople. Fortunately, Aus tria lias discovered this, and Lord Salisbury understands it. So the Czar must either retire before the indignant opinion of Europe, or fight a coalition, where his dynasty and his empire may both be swept away. There can be no peace in Europe until the Muscovite's ambition is not scotched, but killed. To speak plainly, the attitude of the French press is dnc to the Anglophobia endemic which still huugs over a great section of French ; society. The abuse heaped upon England has borne its natural fruit : it lias thrown England | into the uruis of Auslr «, the Danubian peoples, taly. nud, of course. Germany. This is ex- mplificd in the silent Turk at last rousing j himself up from his fatalic passivity. Ha begins to perceive that a stalwart Bulgaria, for I ever alienated from the Czar, is the best boule- ! vard agaiust the advance of Russia. France ' never was more isolated than now. She stands face to face with Germany.. She counted that a show of alliance with Russia would change again the axis of European politics, aud so it has, but not in the seuse either she or Russia anticipated. . This will speedily be seen iu the bold posi tion England doubtless melius to take up iu the tnii!' t of Egypt. That country is becoming prosperous. The fellahs feel there is justice between them and the pashas and the money- leuders. Southwards, Mahdisin, ancient or new, has burned itself out, save a few flickering embers that must soon expire. That barometer of material prosperity, an excess of receipts, is the most cogent answer to those Fteucltiuen who believe France, not the collective Powers, lias the mission to give England marching orJers by fixing a date for her evacuating the Nile Valley, it is with Turkey that England will arrauge tho conditions of her withdrawal — if that moment ever comes. When Napo leon I., in his descent into Egypt, arrived before Alexandria, he did not swim ashore, like Cresar, holding his commentaries over hie head ; but he sent an address to the army beforo it lauded, full of application for the present moment : — "Soldiers I yon are about undertaking a conquest of. which the effects ou the civilisa. tion aud the commerce of the world will be in calculable. Vou will inflict on England the most sensitive aud direct of blows, preparatory to administering to her her death blow." Political parties coutiuue their old gamo of tearing each other to pieces ; the contemplated fusion of moderate monarchists with moderate republicans, as advocated by M. Raotd Duval, has collapsed. Philanthropists excepted no one had confidence in that generous experi ment to unite tho scattered representatives of good sense in ono fold, aud under one shepherd, only distinct feature in homo politicians is tlia Each party will go on itsown way rejoicing. Tito decided advauce of the extreme Republicans in their demands to no longer shirk carrving out the democratic programme, wherein figure ilia separation of Church from State, the iucoma tax, and military service for all, as the best means for ensuring universal peace. Of tlta 39 daily papers published in Paris, nine ap parently represented action. To supply this want, n coterie of deputies, town councillors ' and publicists, under the leadership of It. Michelin, have founded the Action, a daily paper, price one sou. It has compelled Roehe- fort to reduce the price of his journal to that figure also. France has replied to tho desire of Australia — that no more re'eidicistes should be sent to New Caledonia— by desputchiug a fresh cargo ot over 300 picked gaol birds. This is only ' the vanguard of the army of crime. Tho step needs no comment, and, taken in connection! with the diplomatic silence about the New Hebrides having become a French possession, implies a confidence in the future of the success of France for the extension of Iter dfpotoir in the Southern Pacific for her home prison filth. The works for the 1889 Exhibition have com menced in earnest. The site has been boarded in, and some navvy operations are iu course of execution and extension. To put au cud to- jobbing and favoritism all contracts will be put up to public competition— a kind of auction, priuciple. Minister Lockny hopes before three years Paris will he endowed with a lord mavor, who will welcome his brother lordship of." London. ; Australia has an unexpected rival in gold fields. Paris. has just learned ihatthe quarry of building stone, on which the city rests, and ' out of which it has been chiefly built, coutaius in the mill stoue from one half to one pound of pure gold per ton. Engineers swore to this richness, while others attested the mill stoue contained none at nil, save au "alloy" corres ponding to the current gold coinage. M, Popp induced three Euglish capitalists to put £20,000 in tbe venture — that was all the nuggets found iu tho building stone. M. Popp is un Aus trian, but a naturalised Frenchman, with the ' contract for working the public clocks ou the pneumatic principle, as at Vienna. Hia alchemy was simple. First pulverise the stono ; next add kitchen salt, nnd then boil all iu a copper pau ; continue the process till the gold appears. The boiling process was continued while the £20,000 lasted, but the precions metal, despite all invocations, never appeared. The dupes indict Popp for swindling, and Popp lias a cross action for 40,000 t. for damages, 1 j for reflecting ou his gold mine ' 