UY AUNTS ADm'TDKE, 11V OfiOBOE DO TO! NO Sl'^CUUf# The following incident is a strictly true account of An adventure that happened to my sunt, more than fitly years ago, in ilia city ot London. We were nil gathered around the Chiiai maa fire, and, as was our wont, after tho fos tivities at the day, were telling ghost stories. It was a sort of custom in our family to tell weird and ghostly taleB on that evening. On this particular night our Aunt Alice was present, and after aome persuading, con sented to tell us something thai happened tn her when a girl. " What I am going to tell ie not a gbool story. It is an adventure that befell me many years ago, when ' Burking' was a common crime. No doubt you all know what that means, ns a case occurred not long ago in Baltimore. For those who do not understand I will explain. " In those days the opportunities of pro curing bodies for medical exposition and instruction were limited. The students and professors were therefore compelled to resoit to all aorts ot underhand means, such as robbing churchyards and rifling tombs. But bodies oould uot be procured fast enouGli even by euoh means. There now appeared a man who invented a plan tor which ho became notorious. A fellow called Burke. This wretch would hire some ruffian to steal up behind a man or woman and throw a powerful sticking plaster over his victim's mouth. (Strangulation would shortly eneue and the murderer would then take the body to some medical college and sell it for a high ?riee, as it would be tree from all fracture. 'hie was what we understood by ' Burking,' and, alas I it aeoounted only too truly for many ot the mysterious disappearances in those days. " We were living at the time ot my adven ture in the heart of the' Modern Babylon.' One night lather and I were left alone in tho house, the rest ot the family having gone to visit come friends. We were talking together in his etudy, when he suddenly remembered that he baa an important oommunioation to give to my uncle. "' Oh, ohild, I am sorry they have gone out!'he exclaimed. "'Why?' I asked. *" Tour nnole should have got that letter without foil to-night, and now it is impos sible.' "'Cannot I so?' "« Absurd I Mo, ohild, under no circutn elanoee.' "' Oh, but father,' I continued,' you know it is not tar to nncle'e, and the streets are lighted all the way. I must go, I shan't bo mote than halt an hour; nothing on earth oan happen to me.' "I am afraid I was rather fond of hav ing my own way in those days; for go I did, with the parting admonition,' Don't stay at your nnole'e, but hurry home,' ring ing in my ears. " My nnole'e house was about a mile from ours. There were two ways ot getting to it; one, by a read, although it took longer, was well lighted; the other waa by a oroBS-cut through numerous email street and alleys. "The night was cold and damp. After a brisk walk I readied my nnole's, gave my message and the valuable letter, and was about to go when one of my cousins, tanning up to me, eaid, "'Oh, Annie, oan't you stop a minute and see my new dress?" " * Well I'll stop one minute and no longer,' I replied. " But one minute was prolonged to two, and two to three, and still I lingered. The new dress waB solabsorbing a topio that it had banished my father's words entirely from my mind. I do not know how long I should have Btayed had not my eye at last caught sight of the clock, and 1 saw to my dismay that it was half-past nine. The parting words of my father came to my mind, and I was heartily sorry for my thoughless die obedience. "' Oh, girls, I most go I don't say another word! Good-by.' " Throwing on my oloak and seizing my hat, I rushed down stairs, I almoBt ran now, in my haste to make up for lost time. Suddenly the thought, 'since you are so late, why not take the short outr came to my mind, and I acted upon it immediately. "There were only a few people in the streets as I walked home, and they seemed to get fewer as I approached what had been pointed out to me|as ' Thieves' Allsy.' Past gloomy little shops, whioh Diokens bo marvellously desonbas in his great works, and past numerous odd turnings, 1 hurried. Through' Thieves' Alley,' quiet asa mouse, I stole. I bad passed the worst now, I thought. " I next oama to ft street bounded on both sides by dilapidated houses. The place was to silent that I heard the echo of my own footsteps. I do not know what it was, but a feeling ot impending danger so fell upon my mind I stopped and listened The street waB silent and deserted, I crept along with eye and ear strained to oatoh the slightest sound. I had reached the middle ot the blook when I heard a step behind me. Be fore I could look around my arms were seized, and a terrible weight was presBiog into my back, I tried to scream out my throat seemed paralyzed with fright. I was in the hands of one ot the 'Burke' gang I He had been lying in wait for mc, nnd would kill me I r " " Oh, the horror ot that moment! I shall never forget it. The ruQlan the^ began to draw my arms together. I saw his purpose. He wanted to hold my arms with one hand, so that with the other he might put the dreaded plaster on my face. Suddenly a thought-it was God-given oame to my mind It I oould wrenoh my arms tree at the I moment he would hold them with his ons band I might esoape. Slowly he brought I my utidb together. Hiajpowenul hand wm already grasping my wrists when, with all the nervous passion ot dispair, I threw my two flst> back over my shoulders, and struck the villain full in the faoe. An oath, followed by a tall, wae all I beard. I flew- Girls can run as well as boys sometimes. But horror! the wretoh was following me. Footsteps rattled on the pavement behind. I tore on, but my breath was going. My pursuer waB rapidly approaohing, still I reeled on, when rapture never to be forgotten-I eaw a .peeler,' (that was what they oalled a police man in those days) approaohing. The foot steps behind me etopped, I wae saved I "I gained the highway and reaohed our houBe. In order to gain the instant atten tion of those inside, I thrust my arm through the front window. There was a crash, and I fell fainting on the steps. Father came run ning out and carried me in, where after a time I told him all. 1' That ie my adventure; and in oonolusion, my aunt continued," I trust no one ot you will ever have to undergo euoh an ex perience." 