.' This is iru»i liberty, when frccbom men, It.t-viiiir to aiiviscihc public, may apeak free.' . .."* ?; . . . ; MlLTOH. 1\. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 18S7. POLITICAL HUMAN NATUEE. THERE is an old adage about human nature being very much the samo in the parlour as it is in the kitchen, the truth of which will probably not be doubted by anyone who, has accom plished any considerable distance o£ his earthly pilgrimage. If there be any difference at all we should be inclined to think-so far as modern society is concerned-that a close analysis of the respective classes indicated, would re sult, perhaps, rather frequently in favour of human nature in its simple state belo wstui rs: which, by the way, may be easily understood if, as wo are told, the arch enemy of oil goodness devotes himself more particularly to providing occupation for the idle. After all, the dividing line between good and evil, between honesty and dishonesty, is very finely dr&wn; ; that is, if we con sider the matter in a general sense, and men and women in the mass It is said that every man has his price, which, speaking of man in a generic sense, is no doubt true, although if we take men individually we shall find some natures so immeasurably superior to others that it is sometimes difficult to understand them as being of the same creation. Yet possibly the very best o£ man have their price, and while many strong and noble natures do not find it out: so, on the other hand, some of the very weakest and meanest also escape through not being tempted by the particular contemptible prize which would uc=et their mental balance. Notwithstanding the pom pous preaching of closet theorists, who prate of individual responsibility, and the manufacturing of opportunities, the course of each human life is largely ; regulated or controlled by the accident of circumstances, or the Law of Ohance. Even in savage races no man is held to be a law unto himsolf, and some form of Government, oven among those primitive creatures, will always lie found to exist for the regulation of individual conduct and the vindication of individual rights, crude though it be. And so in the complex forms of Society, the collective wisdom thereof is continually omployed in the task of legislating for the common good, which largely means neither more nor less than protecting man against himself. * * # » * We have been led thus far to wander over well-worn ground, and in some ? jvliat disconnected fnshinn ifc m«' 'y in approaching the very ordinary sub ject of. certain kinds of political turpitude and humbug, our object in the present article being to contribute our humble share to the discussion which has taken place in this colony and Victoria anent the questions of granting life pensions in the shape of free railway passes for political ser vice, and, inore especially, the monstrous proposition to |rauk the letters of members of Parliament, in other words to grant them the privilege of free postage. The resolution that was passed last session with regard to free railway passes to ex-members ' who have " served a certain term " as re presentatives of the people,, was not acted upon, and the discussion since evoked shows, if anything were needed to show, how potent is the influence of public opinion-for it produces in public men what has been described as "the courage that springs, from shame," and. the result is, we find many men, who would, probably, not shrink from enriching themselves " obliquely," and at the expense of the State, " on the quiet," condemning the principle of politicians voting themselves pensions. For, after all, Parliament is merely the mouth- piece of the people; It may occasionally strike false votes, and convey its message imperfectly, but the real " motive power " is behind Parliament, and eventually the right prevails, in democratic communities at least: sinco the welfare of society at large, irrespec tive of individual interests, is the ulti mate aim and end of- all progressive legislation, and most legislation is more or less progressive. Thus it, comes about, that we have frequently the Bpectaole of legislators protecting the country against themselves, or certain of their number; and this is natural enough when we consider that' politi cians are -neither better nor worse then the majority of men, such "measure of fair dealing and up right law- making as they exhibit being in the main due to their vicarious position, limited as it is to a certain term, and also to the conflict ing interests represented among them. a # # * * : Public opinion, as expressed from the platform and through the Press is the one great arbiter on all popular ques tions, and although individual jobs may be perpetrated, the tendency of all our legislation is, happily, for good, thanks to the conditions of life under which wo live. With regard to the recent . attempts to give members of Parliament the: special privileges re ferred to, however, we must confess that it strikes us as being a most bare faced effort to gain unwarrantable concessions for themselves at the ex pense of the public ; and we have been not a littlo surprised to note that some of the leading journals liavo attempted to defend this action on logical grounds. It is unnecessary to rofer to the fact that ovon under existing circumstances, members of Parliament, in many in stances, show by flagrant abuse of their position, that our public life is at a very low ebb. The fact is too notorious. But if opportunities for making of politics a mero trade and means of living exist undor present conditions, where can bo the necessity or justice of increasing such opportunities. The idea of grant ing such special privileges to any dunderhead who may have thus served his country (!) for the matter of a fmv years, is contrary to common sense and a due regard for tho principles of all sound justice, to say nothing of the fact that sucli concessions as granting free railway passes and franked en velopes afford opportunity for tho free extension of such privileges to the profit of the beneficiaries in connection with their private business pursuits. It inay be said that this is an un generous view to take. But there is gospel truth in the assertion that such base uses will inevitably be made of privileges so conferred. There is much to be said even against the principle of granting pensions, as such, for long and meritorious public service, where salaries commensurate with the work performed have been paid ; but in the granting of a pension the exact amount of benefit bestowed is known ; in the other case it ia different. Besides such matters should be regarded in a purely business light, seeing that the consideration asked for is supposed to be a reward for services rendered, and if this view of the case were adopted, fully two-thirds of our mem bers would not be entitled to the ghost of a show. ? » . * * ? * It has also been assorted that to vote for payment of mem bers, and against the free use of the Post-office was inconsistent, but wo fail to see why: If payment of mem bers be admittod well and good. is a distinct principle given effect to by a stated amount of remuneration ; but it by no moans follows that every act o£ a rasmbp.r o£ Parliament, involving expenditure, should be met by payment out of the State purse. If members o£ Parliament are rewarded at all, it should bo as other public servants, and if they are allowed expenses outside of " salary," the vote should be defined. The same remarks apply to railway travelling by those who hold seats. The privilege should be restricted within decent limits. If need were, we could furnish some interesting par ticulars concerning the operation of the free pass system, ancl also as to the uses or abuses in other ways to which the honourable position of M.L.A. is very frequently pub in this colony. All of which would go to show what, indeed, there is no need to demonstrate, that those in high places want watch ing, and we are glad to havo seen that a sense of decency was present and in fluenced some, at least, of the members of u Our Faithful Commons," when these matters were under considera tion. TilK weather eiuce Saturday has been of a very tryiug character, and the violent changes experienced must have beeu severely felt by anyone in delicate health. Saturday and Sunday were very hot, the heat during Sunday being extremely oppressive. As might have been expected, a change Bob in about sundown, and during tbe night a violent thunderstorm raged, with occasional heavy showers of hail. It cleared towards the morning, which broke with a liuc clear sky but for a few lingering clouds. and1, he temperature was wonderfully changed, being almost frosty. During Sunday 20 points of rain fell. As indicating the violence in the chaiige of weather we ruay state the temperatuie was between 30 and 40 degrees lower yesterday than on Sunday. AT the Court House yesterday, on the application of Mr. E. B. Tompsou, tho license of the Old Rose Inn was transferred from John li, Beut to Peter Griliiths, late of the.Little Billabong. BY advertisement elsewhere the Hon. Sec* ROFNW -e *u« n-.i umu IUVILCS members to forward their subscriptions with* out delay, in order to facilitate the labours of the committee in preparing the programme for the inaugural meeting of the club, which will probably be held during the last week in November. A9 Mr. A. Macuamora is about leaving the district, he has resigned the sec retaryship, and has been succeeded by ilr, IS. A. Stinson. YESTERDAY morning an accideut of a serious nature happened to a rnau named Philip Wallace, in the employ of Mr. J. O'Reilly, of the Bridge Hotel. Wallace was in the act of crossing a paling feuee when it gave way, throwing him heavily ou his left side aud breaking his shoulder. The sufferer was at oneee taken to tho hospital for medical treatmeut. THE quarterly meeting of the Early Closing Association will be held at Milleuet's Criterion Hotel, at 8 to-morrow evening. IN last Saturday's issue we referred to a hew banner which the Loyal Southern Lodge of Oddfellows have imported from London, and which arrived in Wagga a few days ago. Yesterday we had an opportunity of inspect ing the banner, which we found to fully bear out expectations. It is one of the most per fect and beautiful specimens of banner work and the decorative art ever im'ported-into the colony, and rellects credit on the well-known establishment of Tutill.of. the City Road Lon don. It is of the largest size, namely 10ft, by,12ft. Gin. The ground work of the decora tive portion is in deep blue, the scroll work being silver and gold. On the obverse the arms of the Order form the centre, consisting of the following symbols-The hour-glass, representing the uncertainty of man's exist ence; the cross keys, Security ; the beehive, Industry ; and the lamb, Meekness ; with the Rose, Thistle, and Shamrock, typical of unity, in the centre. On cither sides are allegorical figures of Hope aud Faith ; and heneath a miniature representative on the Good Samari tan. The whole is surmounted by the name and number of the Lodge in bold letter ing, and at the bottom is the motto M Amicitia Amor . et Veritas" The designs are beautifully brought out, the floral work especially being quite uuique in its delicate cotouriug aud truth to uaturo. The roverse aide is, if anything, more to be admired, containing a large sixe painting representative of tho Guod Samaritan in the act of ministering to the wounded traveller. The artist has put admirable work into this picture. Tho figures of the Good Samuritau, the traveller aud the dromedary, ave most naturally drawn, and in perfect proportion, the closest attention having been paid to detail and finish. It is indeed quite an artisiio study. The bearing rodsund fittiugs generally are in keepiug aa to workmanship, aud we congratulate the Lodge on the pos> session of their very beautiful banner, which, as before stated,- will be on view at the " Social" on Thursday next. Wh fire requested by the Secretary of the Early Closing Association to state that, in publishing the conditions of the competition for the Association's Prize Kssay, it should have been stated that the competition is open to all lady residents of the district as well as to members of the Association.. IN connection with the bazaar proposed to be held during race week for the purpose of liquidating the debt on St. Michael's Church, a meeting of the ladies of St. Michael's Congregation was held in St. Joseph's school* room last Sunday, at A1 p.m. Tho mcetiiig was most unauimous and enthusiastic. It was resolved that the bazaar be held, also that Mrs, Cox of Mangoplah be requested to pre side over the couutry stall, and Mrs. Treacy over the. town stall The children of Mary would also be asked to furnish a stall. The refreshment stall was.entrusted to Mrs. J. Qonuclly and Mrs. liay. A deputation was also appoiuted to wait on: Mr. Cullachor asking him to lend the same valuable assist' ance he lent with so much pleasure and profit on the occasion of tho bazaar last year. We have since learned that Mr. Culluohor, with his usual good nature and desiro to further every useful work, willingly ousented to do so. It was also announced at the meeting that Messrs, Ray and Jeukins had most geneioasly offered tho free use of their auctiou rooms (as being more centrally situated) for tho holding of the bazaar. Another meeting will bo held in St. Josoph'a on Sunday, the 23rd inat., to report progress ami make final arrangements, The bazaar haviog been now fully bunched, and all pre* limioarlcs having been arranged, the ludies having tikoii ifc in hand con -nno o, with nil their wonted energy nnd goodwill, there is little doubt but it will prove a great puceess. Tho time is very short; but each fceems to bo tho spirit that it is not likely to bo in* ferior in interest nnd attractiveness to the Faira of any previous year in Wag^t. TUB antipathy to the Shearers' Uuionaeems to bo disappearing. Combamng, Clear Hills, Juneo, Donrint Coomn, CuJc.iirn, Kimdeeo, Mangoplah, Pullitop, The Ruck, Munda waddera, Egan Creek, Gruhben, Lmdsdowno mid Woodland** started within tholastfew days under Union rules. At Tne Rock several uon»Union men were ordered off the station. Many aheepownera prefer, tho Uuion agreement to their owu, and the Union is gradually livingdown misrepresenta tion. Several sheds havo got their shearers through tho agency of the Union officc in this town. On Wednesday evoning (says the Junee Southern Cross) a meeting was held in the Loftua Hotel for the purpose of making arrangements to preseut a testimonial to the Rev. M. I'helan ou his appointment to the presidency of tit. Patrick's College, lioulburn. Mr. M. it. Mooney, J. I'., was voted to the chair. On: the motion of .Mr. Burke, seconded by Mr. Fowler, Messrs. Walker and Mooney were appointed hon secretaries and treasurers. Mr. J. Grant moved that a sub scription list be opened. The motion was seconded by Mr. H. L'eunoy, ancl a sum o£ £9 18s. was subscribed by those present. Mr. Fowler moved that circulars be printed and forwarded to the friends of the rev. gentleman soliciting subscriptions. . WE learn by telegram that in the sen sational Uallarat case, U'Conochie v. Sl'Conochie, in which the wife of a well known medical man prays for ? judicial separation, the petitioner made an application r,M. iltmnnv A 1 nr;>r nnmher of affidavits were filed in support of the application, and it would scciu from them that the respondent had been drinking heavily early last maaia. lie was arrested for.being aruntc ana dis orderly and was fined 10s. Petitioner stated that respondent's income was £2000 yearly, hut the latter denies this. An order was made for £8 per week for the petitioner, who has eight children to support. THE final heat for the Tenth Carrington Grand Handicap of 250 sovs , for 150 yards, was won on Saturday by J. Price (7yda.), P. Monnghan (7Jyds.) being second, A. M. Hart (12/ds.) third, aad W. Ntilson (13yds.) fourth. 'Ihe time was l-tisec. 