Right Rsv. Dr. Raimondi. (contributed.) The Right Rev. Dr. Raimondt, Vicar Apostolic of Hong Kong, who is travel ling in this colony for the benefit of his health, which had completely broken down under the strain of labour and anxiety, has been the guest of the Bishop -of Armidale for a few days. The unusual downpour of rain unfortunately prevented his Lordship from seeing anything of the city and neighbourhood. He was much gratified, however, by a visit to the Paro chial and Convent schools, and greatly enjoyed a musical performance and vari ous recitations that the children had pre pared for him. Dr. Raimondi is a man of indomitable energy and exceptional talent, and possesses great powers of ad -ministration, which have served him in good stead in the management of his dio cese, and have enabled him, with scanty resources and few fellow workers, to ac complish so much. Hi3 Lordship has also a keen sense of humour, and his descrip tion of the difficulties he encountered in Wb first attempts to conform to Chinese -customs was most amusing. One could scarcely realise that this tall and dignified person had accustomed himself to sit upon the floor and eat his food with chop-sticks, and to wear a pig tail. The missionaries adopt in all things the Chinese mode of living, and assimilate themselves as much as possible to Chinese habits and customs in all that is innocent, and in this manner they gain great influence among their people. One of the chief Christian works in China is the rescue of poor little chil dren who are thrown out and exposed to death by their parents. The nuns and female catechists go about and collect these poor little waifs to the number of 400 or 500 every year. Those of them who survive are brought up iu the Con •vents until they are old enough to marry or become nuns. The support of these orphans is of course a heavy burden on the finances of the missions, but the Sisters say " the bank of Providence never fails them." On Sunday morning Dr. Rai mondi preached at the 11 o'clock Mass. Owing to the wretched weather there was hut a small congregation, and conse quently a very small contribution to the mission fund. His Lordship took for his text a portion of the Gospel for the Sunday (3rd after Rpiphany): " Lord, I am not worthy that Thou shouldest enter under my roof, but only say the word and my servant shall he healed." "The centurion, my dear brethren," said the preacher, " asked a great favour from our Lord ; one beyond the power of an earthly physician to bestow. He who was not of the house of Israel had faith in Israel's Messiah, whom his own people rejected, and Jesus, seeing his faith, im mediately granted the request, and granted above and beyond what the petitioner pleaded for. Our Lord was asked to heal the servant who was at the point of death, and He would not only heal him, He would go to him and put His divine hand upon him. ' I will come and heal him.' \- But the faith of the centurion needed not the evidence of touch and sight, and his humility shrank from so overwhelming a condescension on the part of the great Physician. He required but one word from our Lord ; that was enough : ' Speak only one word and my servant shall be healed.' There was an example of perfect faith. The centurion believed, not only in the healing power of Christ, but realised that He to whom he spoke was very God. This alien, standing among the chosen people, believed, where they doubted; adored, where they criticised ; and won these words of approbation from our Lord's own lips, words which, recorded in the holy Gospel, have echoed through all ages of the Church, and will go on sound ing in Christian ears to the end of time : ' Amen, I say to you I have not found so great faith in Israel.' Here we have a lesson on the inestimable value of the virtue of faith ; that virtue which enables as to see, believe, and realise the truths which God has revealed. We have mauy more instances in the holy Gospel of the wonderful effects of faith. How those who believed obtained healing for soul and body, the forgiveness of sins, the grace of further light and knowledge, and the close friendship and companionship of the Son of God. Men saw with their eyes and heard with their ears the won derful works of God. Many who ought to have been the first to welcome the MeB&iah;, who were learned in prophetic lore and in the signs of his coming, Winded by pride or sensuality, refused to believe, and, therefore, the faith of the centurion, of the Samaritan, and of the publican -sfcocwLjaut in all the stronger contrast and the brighter light. But there is a faith on which our Lord sets a still higher value: the faith of those ' Who have not seen and yet have be lieved.' St. Thomas required the test of touch and sight before he made his con fession of faith in our Lord's divinity, but Jesus said, ' because thou hast seen me thou has believed ; blessed are they who have not seen and yet have believed.' This, my dear brethren, is the faith re quired of us. When our Lord had fin ished his visible ministry on earth, He did not leave His children 'orphans.' Though He took His bodily presence out of their sight, He promised still to be with them to the consummation of the world. The power He had received from His Father He transmitted to those whom He had chosen out of the world and ap pointed to establish his Church—to teach, to rule, and to govern it. ' All power is given to me in heaven and on earth; as my Father sent me, so send I you. Go into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature, and lo, I am with you all days to the consummation of the world.' Into this treasure house of the church Jesus our Lord has put His grace And His power. The unction of the apos tolate has passed on from that first out pouring on the Mount of Olives to this ■our day, and will continue 'all days' in a constant succession of bishops and priests, who are the ministers and dispensers to us of this grace and power. So that we ■who live in these latter days, who cannot see our divine Lord with our bodily eyes, who hear not His voice as it sounded sweet and thrilling along the shores of the Galilean Lake and on the hills of Judea, have this His living church, which He established to teach and guide us, to forgive our sins, and to feed our souls with *the bread that cometh from hea ven.5 In this church our Jesus dwells evermore, according to His promise, in the Holy Sacrament of the altar. In her baptismal waters our souls are washed from the birth staiu of Adam ; the Sacra meut of Penance cleanses them in the precious blood from the sin of later years ; the Sacrament of Confirmation strengthens us with the gifts of the Holy Ghost, the Comforter ; the Sacrament of Holy Orders transmits His power in perpetual succes sion to those who are chosen to be the bishops and priests of his church. ' What more can I do for my vineyard that I have not done to it 2 He asks by the mouth of his prophet, and you now, my dear brethren, live in the full light of all the blessings and privileges of this church; vou are now the Israel, the chosen people of God. On yoa are lavished blessings that the chosen people of old never knew. For you the church is always open, where day by day you can worship our Lord in the Blessed Sacrament. For you priests offer up morning after morning the holy sacrifice of the Mass. You have schools where your children are trained up in the doctrine and practice of our holy faith, and it must be your own fault indeed if you miss the way to heaven. You cannot be too thankful for all your privileges, nor too eager to show your gratitude by the liveliness of your faith, and the fervour of your good works. Far different is it with the poor Catholics whose lot is cast among the heathen, who have once been themselves worshippers of an 4 unknown God.5 My poor faithful children in China, just Tescued from heathenism, have not a hundredth part of the material advantages for the prac tice of their religion which you in this land possess, and yet I can safely say I have found no greater faith, no greater fervour than theirs in Christian lands, and amongst those who have inherited their religion from generations of the faithful. A room in a house serves us for a church, but it is crowded with worshippers, aud wherever we open a mission we find the people eager for instruction. It is only our ex treme poverty that prevents us from es tablishing many more missions, and thus making more converts. These poor peo ple receive the faith with the simplicity of children, and. beg for more and more in struction, but our number of priests is but limited, and those we have must en dure great hardships and many privations, so that only those who possess a true mis sionary spirit and great zeal for the salva tioD of souls offer themselves for the work. A great deal of the work is, however, done by native catechists, who are trained by some of our priests in the college. The vicariate is divided into districts of 50 square miles in extent, and each of these is in charge of a catechist, who goes round to the Christian villages once a month, and assembles the converts toge ther in the largest room that can be pro cured for the purpose, where he instructs them in Christian doctrine. All, from the oldest to the youngest, learn a portion of the Catechism by heart and repeat it to the catechist when he visits them. They listen eagerly to his instructions and ex planations, and join fervently in the prayers which follow. Any who wish to be baptised receive special instructions, as also those who are preparing for the other Sacraments. When the catechist has gone his round, he returns to the college and gives in a report of his work, of the num ber he has instructed, of those preparing for the Sacraments, and of the general condition and needs of the flock. Once a year, or oftener when possible, a priest visits each mission station, and this is a time of joy and jubilee for the poor Ca tholics, who, one and all, assist at the Holy Sacrafice of the Mass with intense devotion and fervour. Not one of those who have been prepared absents himself or herself from the Sacraments; all worldly affairs are put aside that every one may be free to keep the joyful fes tival. As it would be altogether contrary to Chinese ideas and customs that girls or women should be instructed by the young man catechist, the good nuns and Sisters of Charity train up young women for this purpose, and these female catechists have each their district for instructing the wo men and children on the same plan. There are now several colleges in China, where native Christians are being trained up for the priesthood, and convents where girls, who develop a vocation for the religious life, are educated as nuns and teachers, so that, with God's blessing, the future of Christianity in China is secured. Surely the blood of so many martyrs will plead for their countrymen, for the soil of China is as one vast Calvary of suffering and sacrifice. Even within the last few years, and up to the present time, the trials and Sufferings undergone by our converts are almost incredible. We have seemed to build up, only to have our work washed away in torrents of blood. After years of struggle and sacrifice, out of our own and our people's extreme poverty, we had established flourishing schools and missions here and there, and numbered our converts by hundreds. When the animosity excited by the war with France broke out upon the native Christians, whole villages were burned and destroyed; some few of the inhabit ants escaped and took refuge under the British flag in Hong Kong in a state of utter destitution, the rest were massacred, in many instances with horrible cruelty, but thank God there was not found in all our flock one who would buy his life at the price of his faith—not one who did notprefer the loss of his life to the loss of his soul, and now China has once more , added hundreds of names to the bead roll of her martyrs. * In weakness they reco veredstrength; theydespisedthefireandthe sword,' and now, with their waving palms and crowns of triumph, they mingle with the great cloud of witnesses on the steps of the intercessor's throne, pleading for their country and for those who help to bring to the heathen the light of faith. And now I would beg of you, dear breth ren, to lay claims to a share in their prayers. I have told you of our poverty and destitution, and yet we must go on in faith. Will you not aid us by your alms and by your prayers ? These poor people are your brethren in the faith, and out of your abundance I ask you to stretch forth to them a generous hand. We might count our converts a hundredfold more if we had more priests and means to build churches. The Chinese in their uncon verted state have a great reverence for a Supreme Being, and they con with their idea of Kim all that fresh and magnificent. When they see our little mission rooms and the poor huts that serve for churches they say, ' How can the great Being dwell there V and many turn away in perplexity. We are now endeavouring, besides our absolutely es sential work, to build a cathedral at Hong Kong, which shall show these people that our reverence for the great God is equal to theirs. We desire to work upon this germ of good in their character, and lead them by this means to a knowledge of the true God, whom they now ignorantly worship. We have already spent upon this building £10,000, contributed partly by the Society for the Propagation of the Faith, partly by friends in Europe, and partly from the hardly-earned, yet will ing, offerings of our very poor people. £6000 more are required to complete the building, and now that our poor missions have been overwhelmed with calamity, we cannot seek help from our starving peo ple. Had we uot begun the building and advanced so far with it, we should not under the present circumstances have at tempted the work, but, not to go on now, is to lose all the work already done, and bitterly to disappoint our poor Catholics, who have been long looking forward with all the earnestness of their hearts to the great work of God. I, therefore, take the opportunity of an enforced absence from my diocese, on account of failing health and strength to collect alms for this cathe dral, as well as for our orphan schools and our ruined missions, and I can promise you in return the prayers of my poor flock on earth, and I doubt not the fervent intercession of those who have proved a faith * great as that in Israel' by a mar tyr's death." We may add that any contributions from those who had not the privilege of hearing the Bishop's sermon will be thankfully received by the clergy, or by Brother Francis, at the Bishop's House, Armidale. 