ROME NEWS FROM A FRENGB POINT OF VIEW. (from oí"i: own- cokj-.kspo.ndent.) I'aEIS. 2ud A Tho more reliable tlia intelligence received about Ku¿sia and the Russians, tho more it Í3 conflict ing, and tho more cjnfu ed becomes our knowledge. At tho present mjueuL evety one wants to know what is passing inside the Cz it's hoail; is he for peace or war; is he a f:-te agiiit, all autocrat though he beWho are the Constitutionalists, and are they on speaking terms with the Iv'ihihss? Soma "eye witnesses" swear by the Neva or the statue of Peter thu Great, lhat tho Czar and hi, wife drive through the streets of St Petorsbu-g in a simp'e sledge, like ordinary mortals to shop, to visit an hospital or ft schoo'. This recalls a lif.le i'ein the papers amuvviX-d respecting Louis Philippe, the best polled-at Sovereign of his day—"ilia Majesty 10 entered the Tuileries after his constitutional, without any loving Mtbj-ict having a blazo at him. Alatters however, are not so cht'Ory when the Emperor patronizes railway travelling. The lines ho has to run over, have at every time quarter of a mile diitances, a little Uarraek or blockhouse, accommodating 100 ii.en, and com manded by three officer?; the house is half sunk in the soi:; burrowing seem» to baa trait with the Slav. The interval between each blockhouse can bo swept by the rifle for half a mile rouud. Iu addition t ) t'.ie infantry, there aro cavalry pat: ols. As eveiy passing train is supposed to contain the Czar, all the soldiers have to turn out and present i.rms, either to a goods tram with a few c irri. «es, or a Swallow express. As the Czarn.iU to Gatschina, not n Nihilist ora suspicious platelayer can come witlliu ouo liuu dred yatds of the line. Duting Lent all theatres close in Rifsia, save the circu-". It is not precisely clear how the ortho dox justify the distinction. However, Moliere affirms there are accommodations with heaven. The popular pantomime at tila ¿St Petersburg circus brings Germany, Eoglaud and I' f.uic.! into the arena. Bismarck is made up to liffl iu his uniform of white dragoon on a Belgian dray horse, sugges tive of the Heidalbjig tun loaued out to a brewery. The audience hiss and hoot^ tho prince, who rides a* majestically away as the Cid, or say the ghost in Don Uiov.vn , amidst a shower of roasted 'taties. koppecks — for browns are plentiful still in liussia - and oranges _ That's hatred, and sym bolises the unpopularity of tho Germans._ A Cook's excursionist, perhapi with his return ticket expiied, inipar-onatos lingland. John Bull is eimp'y jibed and jeered. He faceí the storm with the yellow grin of the unpopular candidate wooing constituents 011 hustings day. ^ Next ar rives ¡1 pretty cantiuiere, with tricolor jupona ui.d Muscovite favors. She is bewitchingly graceful and coquet, and naturally brings down the home. Bismarck and John Bull aro nowhere in the cotn potitinn wUh lovely woman. France has only to keep her purso strings wall closed, not to be c jjled into loans for Russiin railways, flirt with all nations, -'prio Dieu et tieut sa pondré ee¿he, and she can ride out .ill rough weather no matter from -what quarter the winds blow. In addition to its ordinary lively attractions the Chamber of Deputies now iti-ludes a " Boxing Way." Count de Maillefeu and M.. Saus-Loroy, were members of tho s-ime Parliameut'ry coin' mittee. Une accused the other of beiug a humbug; soon tho polite conversation ran into the "You're another" stage, an 1 ultimately there was an appeal to arm*, wfceti M. Sans-Leroy received tuch a •' surprise" in the shape of two lovely black eyeu, Tho U nnte is the best defended family man in 1?rauca, c in trace his pedigree back to Vercege toric or HugnesC ipet without a fliw, and yet he is the a-.ost 1 xtremo Republican in the country. His temperament is so excitable that the slightest opposition sends him into tile straight - j cket uhasa. Apart fro;n this he is a right good fellow, and would share li s list crust with lr.s bitterest foe. Haviug violated the ru es of the House, he bowed to the law, aud entered the underground drawing prison ti.l the public prosecutor has him condemned to a tine of 200 francs. In Kugla-ad recalcitrant deputies are incarcerated overground, in a tower, with Big Ben for a mu-icU box In 1'ranee '' solitary" confín* merit, with hosts of visi tor*. cigars aud cigtiac, is subterranean. Piilce Pierre Bonaparte tho tirst represen tative who used his lists to clinch his arguments This was ia ISIS, so that peculiar and uuPick wickian manner of polishing otf an adversary is rare in Parliament»» y annals. The authorities h u e had to give .vay on their spasmodic application of the now law again t betting Thi pastime—or v.ce—lia» taken too firm a grip of the French to L.e extirpated iu twenty iour hours by a ch>..ge of the ligia brig-.da tace coiiroo police, led even by the Couimi-sary swathed in his red, white and blue tcarf of oliice. As well suppress lotteries in Italy and gambling among Orientáis Unable to crush horse betting, tl.o Go vernment has resolved 10 become itself guarantor for plav. Henceforth batting will-be truly ufbci-.1; those who wish to try their luck to the extout of a louis or a franc, more if the gambler wishes, as the pool is unlimited, Ins only to piy in his sum to a Vr-n-ed agancv, select hi 1 hone, receive a ticket, and if he has hit on a favorita his dividend will be. vro rata to his stake. Ten p r cent, will be struck on his winnings to eucourage tho br.edu g of horses iu Franco—in tho name '-»f the 1 ruphüt. Vim !—and alto to miiko tho p »or comfuaable Whenever an outsider wins th« yhole pool will become the property of tho ton cent, njterejts. Before M Grevy accopts an invitation to dine out or to'a bill, the old ita of things wi'l be to flourishing, with tho lliiid Republic patronising gambling on horses, as Monaco does on red and black Thero is hope now f»r the bull-tights, y rom the titock Exchange to thimble rig and tho three card-* there is a *calo of exuitfliflúut admira bly adapted for the ivper aud lower soqial tons. I'oets havo had a bloiv out at tho Aoadcmyi their » man," M- l-sconte de L'sla .was revived to occupy tho vacant fau'.oneil of v lotor Hugo. M de Lisle dusted the poet's memory wjtli the choicest words in t!.e F.encli_ dictionary, and M Dumas Gilsrep'iied to tho admitation essay of Nl.de Li-le.It was a race between the two who could Hum msriz.j heaviest the deputed bard. Not much of H.igu's immense "bag^.ge litteraire will go down to postoiity. Dumas shrewdly guspected this, as he invited astronomers to discover s. tew star and dub it Huf/n Juliet wished to have Iloviia.;, wli u he died, nu.de ¡mu little stars to cut out the gari-li Bun Dumas owes .Shakespeare a chalk. Franc j hid ] ji s.ilcil king, and why not A sun poet. In Madrid tha bud fighting season opens simul taneously with Italian a»d otlrr operatic establu-hmonts, and that is now. W¡)il.e ^bscrip turns for seats to tho first have reached ¿30,00.0 /r, the amount, of cash paid m advance for lyrical Die isurea is limited as for filiaros in a l mine salted with nuggets. Then tho circus has three tenor bulUtickers, who, Patti excepted, are tho best paid artists on any stage for a successful " .jrod" at a bull at tho psychological moment. Maigatine receives 5,000ir. Kelaton, the cele brated surgeon, never received mora than 3,000.r lor cuttitii olf a leg, or removing a dissai*4 bone from the knee-pau. Curious situations. Fringe tfajien zillern wm present at tho banquet givau by t}(8 German Amblador at JSIad.idin honor of the SOih anniversary of his Sovereign; this was the Prince who escaped i<¡i¿KÍug over the Spaniards, but caused tho 1SÍ0 war between 1' ranee and Germany. As a sot olf, the £>.iw d' Aasta, who did reign over the hidalgas for aopja tm)ihroom period, was, as delegate of Italy, drfujitpg the JKmi>eror'a ninetieth birth day at Borliu. i^e i present t)ueen Regent ivas not in hor t°eni when her two riv.U were trying to tot up in tho Span^h royal business. Her Mnje,ty, a hint for young mothers, passes the few spare moments the has to photomg herself, h¿r baby, and kivg and then weighing him in a silvjr aya'es ; ilio declared to a íri^.aíl he lux 44 uever been £oynu wjiuting. in lady society at Madrid quits a ^volution has taken p'.Me in Berlin, wool-work Snsiaod 2at?> dogs, ñ .wers, e c, torving as des'gns, a fifetcjf uf , sume simple tíurroat event is immortalised mwool. | This is a eomplimeiit toBiyeux tapestry. Sam-] ■plars will again become histoiical documents. .Kverything it is said happens in Franco. On'y fancy, the goods and chattels a( ti very clo?e relativa of tho ex-queen of Spain hiving b.o¡Jn sold iu the y ltd of the public auction mart for tjebt. The sticks were not many; ali had the nnrfc of royalty -crcu'tis aud lilies. A tobicconiat bought »u arm chair for lSir., in which crowneii heads "reposed." for Uis old mother; the throne, fantellil of Louis XIV, was converted by an eccentric duke into a night chair, and atijl exists; a leading demi mnutlian invested ill a (lower vsse; aud a "livery man " not from Loudon, but ¿Jarx's stables, bought a collar of the Golden Fleeco i'ur 20fr.; he •wore it going honi", wa< followed by a (ixv sHJall boys, and was temporarily arrested for txhibiticg «editions emblems, calculated to ercito disorder. Pranzini's arrest 1ms not yet led to tin discovery of lie murderer of tha threo victims of t)ia ilede Moctaicno. Jewellery belonging to tha murdered «•ouisi has been f..und in his po^saniou. beyond this theuharga has not advanced. Tho whole matter is drifting into speculation and mystoiy. Soma funny ¿¿Iks seem »o considar the occasion suit able to play practical jok^s on the polici. Couite da La Giandtsre belonged to tho marines, from which iv! deserted, aud was puui-hed. Next ho turned swindler, and made owuey for a time. His specialty was. t° Jedara ha fcfllopgeil to fashionable socioty; ha demanded to v.aw ail fjie first class furnished apartments which wora to let, and nianoired while viewing tho rooms to prigiOtt.e valuable bibelot—as a eouvanir. He came round a birnti, and ¡ greed to taks over his room» for 25,000fr. a yo.r; after verbally acceptmcr c .n difions, he and tho baron swore an Jternal friend tíhit) — proof, he lent tho couut lüOír. OíJt of his pocket-bo"!:, s' utfed with bank notes. More, the baroti, invi'.ed him to paas tho night in his apart nieut. Iu tho morning, just a» the baron was getting up. the Comte c»nio to tako leave; ha wanted to givi! his notary instructions to preparo tho loase and pay ront in advance " By the by, Jaaron, dot;a yt Hr b^tlj work well ? " Capitally, dear Cointo-couie aud see." Both entered tha bath room, the liaron undr.-ssfid and jumped into liL> zinc;ub;th.! Co.nto wentto bis(jlothes, snatched tha nocket book and bolted, not forgetting to lock tho door. The barun escaped by anutber ejiit, ¡»i d naked and dripping, gavo ohuso. The poant gcreamed " .NTurdur 1 madman Í" The baroji \vj stopped by his own servants as a lunatrc; th'J more ho struggled to get to [be street, tha moro Bnn'y be was held. But when his caso was known, the Comte was nowherf. After the money was all spent, he returned tho empty pocket-book to its owner. This supplied a clue, the Comte w>s orrested while m the act of writing religious letters, soliciting sssistaiios as a persecutad c mvert. He was sentenced to fivo years imprisonment I*he baron has taken down ths bills as to his ¿partmcut being t« let. fond purveyors advertido that it was owing tu Morlntti patronising their specialty that ho has become as sroir. u«u piiz« Sul-nna. The French Government will allocate over one million frauc-i per mouth in tmbmdise their mail packets to the East t»nd Australia. Everything ct'iiupc.td with the service must bd Ftench. The boats will not exactly go ih« Length of decliningto curry fo eigner's gurda. In the passage to Aus tralia a gain of tbiee days over all rival packet companies id to be secured. An ingenious machine had been presented by the inventor to the Blind Asylum: by it a blind man not only can punt the letters iu lelief ao as to ; read them wits h;s fiugert», but the same type 1 prints the same matter on an ordinary sheet of i paper for the eyea of friendly correspondents. Tlie I telephone companies only charge half-price for those blind, and on their subscription lint. i The Fronch A*my counts throe marshals, aged each noarly 73, MacMahon, Canrobert, and ¡ Lebocuf. There are 300 generals, of whom Negrier is one of the youngest, aged 47; of the total of generala 21 have risen from the ranks. Cruel first of April juke. On the Place de la Concorde U a statue,emblematic of Strasbourg, and iu mourning biuce January, 1871; at some distance is the Obelisk. A blind man begged a passer by to lead him to the Strasbourg statue, instead he was found placed before th i Obelisk, induig ug in patriotic wishes that it %v^u!d soon bo n-joiued to France. 