AI.r,iC!ED UNFAIRNIiSS OF A FRKACHKK. Rkv Un VoilTKR AND lJ.\rTteM, ".T. A."complaitiH»f thecouroo followed by Dr lfortor during his airvicc in tin Colling- wood Town Hall last Sunday ovmiing, and of tho free mmuicir in wlnoh that gentleman wsed his name on that occasion. Ho writes : — Dr Porter had said that ho would if reques ted, preach from any text any one would like him to take. I wrote to him asking him to preach from Acts 1, 5— (l'or Joim truly baptised with water, but ye shall lm tenptiscd with tho Holy Ghost not many days hence.) I received from him a letter as follows " My Dear Sir,— 1 havo much pleasure in complying XI th your request to preach a sermon from cts I, 5, ami, I). V., will do so next Sunday week, 17th July, nml will make an honest effort to speak as the uiaclos of God speak. I Peter, iv„ 10. YVishing you every spiritual blessing. Yours for Christ,— Thomas Portkr." Ho also advertised to preach oti the baptism of John aud of Christ, but for reasons best known to himself he did not take the text I had men tioned, nor any otlier. Evidently ho did not want to facu tno scripture. He called out tho writer's name respeatedly during the service, and did so in an offensive manner. Ho abused the writer of a tract for quoting the Apostlo Paul— Heb. 0-10— who says tho first covenant stood in meats anddrink anddivers baptising. Ho also abu-ed tho Methodists for praying to 1)0 baptised irith the Holy Glrost : aud he abused imtvicrsed beliovers, Who went to other churches. Ho Bald tloy had no right there, and that he did not know what they were doing with their conscience. At the close of the sermon I asked the Doctor to Im? allowed n few Jcamute. to reply to his remarks, aud invited him to meet me in discussion at the Tern j»er #ay to Dr Porter that neither tho tract nor Ytiyself suffered any more from his handling than the full moon docs from the barkiug of a ,dog. At an early date I propose giving a lec- 'ture on the llaptismof the Holy Ghost tvr« the Baptism of Water, and at my lecture tlie iDoctor will bo welcome to a seat on the plat form, and will bo allowed to reply. My law docs not condemn a man before it hears him. 