MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OUR CORRESPONDENT.) Thursday. The Premier has agreed that, pending the decision of the late conference of stock inspectors at Sydney as to the reception of Tasmanian sheep being dealt with by the other Governments, Tasmanian sheep shall be admitted here with one dipping. This is in compliance with scab regula tions. Eight cases of typhoid fever were re ported to-day to the Central Board of Health, but none were fatal. Three were from Mooroopna hospital, one from Nathalia, one from Ballarat East, two from Bungaree, and one from Wallan Wallan. About a hundred of the yardmen at the Spencer-street railway station were absent to-day from their work without leave, pre sumably for the purpose of celebrating the festival of Ireland's patron saint. The consequence of course was that work in the goods sheds was greatly retarded, and the men who were at their post had to perform double work, while their comrades were engaged in displaying their exuberant patriotism by "drowning the shamrock." It is more than probable that the holiday-makers will hear more about the matter when they return to work. The Rev. D. O. Lucas, secretary of the Temperance Alliance of Canada, arrived at Spencer-street railway station by the Sydney express this forenoon, and was met by a deputation of Victorian tee totallers, including Mr J. W. Hunt, president, and Mr John Vale, secretary, of the Victorian Alliance ; Mr. James Munro, M.L.A.; and the Rev. A. R. Edgar. Mr Lucas, who is accompanied by his wife, proposes lecturing on local option throughout the various colonies. High holiday was kept to-day, as usual, in honor of St. Patrick, and green was the prevailing color, happiiy unblemished in Free Australia with " England's Cruel Red." The usual monster procession was formed at St. Patrick's Hall, Victoria Parade, and from thence the members of the various patriotic and religious socie ties marched through the principal streets to the Friendly Societies' Gardens, with all the bravery of bands and banners conspicuous on such occasions. The procession was well arranged and orderly, and was favorably criticised by the im mense crowds who lined the route along Bourke and Swanston streets. The pro gramme at the Friendly Societies' Gardens comprised all kinds of athletic sports and dancing contests,and there was a very large attendance of spectators. Except that the town assumed a carnival air, and crowds of people in their Sunday suits, decorated with green ribbon, were to be seen perambulating the streets, and filling the tramcars, a stranger would have scarcely realised that the fete day of St. Patrick was being celebrated. It afforded gratifying evidence of the absence of sectarian and national bitter ness in Melbourne, that the strains of " St. Patrick's Day in the morning," " Wearing of the green," and " Shan van Voght," which met one at every turn, were never once interrupted by a discor dant note from " The battle of the Boyne," or "Croppies lie down." The police state that the first wife of Smyth, the notorious swindler, declines to give any information which will impli cate him in the charge of bigamy. Miss Dainty, the unfortunate girl whom he married about twelve months ago, is anxious to prosecute the scoundrel, and the police anticipate no difficulty in ob taining the evidence requisite for a con viction. The race meeting which was held at Elsternwlck this afternoon was very well attended. The results were as follow : —Erin Hurdle Race — Leporello, 1 ; Moolgai, 2 ; Spartan, 2. Shamrock Handicap—Beckwith, 1 ; Success, 2 ; Vascosa, 3. Time Handicap Trot— Maude III., 1 ; Leithem Stead, 2 ; Sir Walter Scott, 3. St. Patrick's Steeple- chase—Misfortune, 1; Banker, 2 ; Tand- stickor, 3. Selling Race—Stafford, 1 ; Sorcerer, 2; The Ghost, 3. Shareholders' Purse—Lara, 1 ; Menotti, 2 ; Koliai, 3. The estate of Mr William Robert Merry was compulsorlly sequestrated to day. Mr Merry, as most people know, was one of the contractors for the con struction of the Geelong aud Ballarat railway, and litigation took place between the firm and the Government. This was compromised, as Mr Merry alleges, with out his consent, and some years ago he started an action to set aside the com promise. This action has been hanging fire for some time, and recently Mr Merry took proceedings against Messrs Davies, Price,and Wighton for their negli gent conduct of the case. He failed, and became liable for £202 for costs. The non payment of this amount led to the insolvency proceedings. The probable result will be to stop his action against the crown, though the trustee in insol vency would be at liberty to go on with it if he so liked. (By Electric Telegraph.) Thursday night. A woman named Mary Ferrier, residing in South Melbourne, was seriously in jured this evening whilst riding on a dummy car on the Richmond line, by a lorry backing against the car and jamming her hip, which, it is stated, was crushed. Thomas William Bowie, mechanical engineer, residing at the Sydney Hotel, William-street, has reported that last night a leather purse containing 60 sove reigns was stolen from a portmanteau in his room. James Hennessy, a farmer, living at Lillydale, whilst visiting Hotham, was enticed into a house by two men whom he met in the neighborhood, and robbed of crossed cheques for £17 10s, £14 10s, and £10, drawn by Messrs Campbell, Pratt, and Co. 