jit Half-past tlie tenth flour. A QUEENSLAND STORF:^ Chapter L ' Goto the window, Julian ; the doctor Is so 3ng of coming to-day.' ' De ar me, Leta, you're quite well no v ; fm sore yon don't need to watch for the doc tor's visits that way.71 ' Bat my Head is eo fired, and it always does me good to see him.' 'Well, seeing ail be does is to look in your face, and take your hand so and say, ' How is -? .ay )i^fl patient this morning?' I don?t see .*1 Kimat irooa . he does von. . *' When are von coming riding again with me, Leta? IVe a new horse that would not shy at a circus band-' . . . -I' : . -Julian's voice was soft and guttural, 'as if,' as some one says, ' he brought every word to the tip of his tongue, tasted it, and liked t. .. .the .flavor.' Julian'6 voice was always eoft to CiVESa.. ' Oh, it'fi so hot, and my head i&eo; tired,' and tbe beautiful bead fell back wearily among tbe cushions. A clatter of horses* feet. 'The fair head lifted just a Iittie. A question, and the raised voice of , a servant in reply. ,,The jgyes that u Julian Was gazing into turned towards tbe door. A dang of spurred heels — a quick, light step. Leta' 'r&isfed; herself and held out both her bands. Julian bit bis thick lips and mattered something inaudible. ' Good morning, Dr. Elliot, and you Ve been so long of coming, and my head is so tired — and it is bo hot.' *' My Iittie girl, tbe fever is over now, and rim poor head mnst soon be better. Did you sleep last night, Leta tn Dr. Elliot bent forward to look into tbe brown eyes, and then be glanced up. ' Do you intend to sit through my pro fessional visit, Julian?' Julian's soft guttural voice was perfectly placid in reply. ' Dear me, no. Good-bye, Leta. HI come to take you riding to-morrow, remember.55 ' Yes, yes, I remember,' and Leta smiled after him. The professional part of tbe visit, 'though perhaps not quite eo brief as Julian's description, was soon over. As Dr. Elliot leaned forward to up tbe cushions, something slid from the lounge and fell to tbe floor. In an instant Leta started np, the color surging brightly over her neck mad face. ' Oh, Dr. Elliot, please dont look at it.' ' -Jtat her wish was disregarded. He lifted it gently .and set it on his knee — adolL 'Oh, Miss Leta Brandon — you — you aged .nearly sixteen — you whom a fond motherbe- lieres now able to take your place in society.' The glance that Leta gave htm was one of such piteous, bewildered, sweet entreaty that . be held tbe stiff thing out to her and laughed j. no more. ' When I come back from England, Leta, you will be quite a grown-up young lady — poor dolly will be in tbe dust-bin then.' Leta gave her .favorite a guilty bug. ' Oh, Dr. Elliot, how long do you mean to stay ?' ' Well, Leta, I suppose I shall be away for about a year.' 'A year — a whole year ! Oh, dear me, what will I do, and what will your children do with out you, Dr. Elliot?' Dr. Elliot shaded bis bright eyes for a mo ment with his hand. Weil, IxAa, my children don't «ee much of me as it is, and they are as well :taken care of now as they ever can be — without their mother.' ' Yes,' said Leta softly — any allusion to ! Dr. Elliot's dead wife she felt was beyond tbe pale of her young sympathies — so she only i added vaguely, ** You will miss tbe babies — they are so sweet.' ' Now, my little girl,' said Dr. Elliot, drawing bis chair nearer and looking straight into her face, C4I have something to say to you before I go. Leta, my dear, although you held 1 your doll in your arms all day long, it would not prevent your growing up— you can't help . it, and as yon grow up you will find some toys even more amusing than dolls. 99 .' Toys said Leta, vaguely. ' Playthings, Leta ; there was one of them here half an hour ago.' ' Dogs?' said Leta, but die colored as - ' spoke. i* No, Leta ; men I meant. Now, take care, my little girl, which of th^m yon choose to play with. The Garabots, for axe they mo very nice?' Julian is.' 'What about Edward?' ' Oh, Edward is nice too. Hp is so hand some. But he never talks to me ; be only talks to the others, and looks at me.' 'I dare say he does; and why do you like Julian, then?' Julian is so kind. When he was in Syd was so dull | and now he is nicer '*evBr.v * Our bouse is so quiet. THIa. Tia.s head* aehes all day long, and is always lecturing me, and mother is always ill too, and I hate to talk either to my father or George — they axe .^o horrid* ' Leta ; ^u must notjtalk that way.' tpfy are, and Julian is the only per* sonfthat unusesone. He rides with me, and sits ~and~ talks with me for hours ; and ne's not so very ugiy as they say.' 'Ugly ? nmr Dr. Elliot stroked his shapely chin and smiled. ' Well, his move ments are like a cat — and cats are generally supposed tp be graceful — stall, Leta, fd advise you uori*i mistake Iago for Othello in this instance.' 'Desdemona, Dr.' Elliot Y* ' ?3ie , gentle lady, married to the -Moor,* and Dr. Elliot had to duke the purple cushions and hide bis laughter. 'A Moor f said Leta, indignantly. 'He's tio more a Moor than you are yourself. Dr. 'Elliot. ' v ' ** I am an Englishman, Miss Leta. I did not know there was any close connection between the races.' ' . ' He isrft eo very dark, and many Queens land natives are the-same.' 'Well, he would be the better of some of your fairness, Leta. Now, my rhild, good byeT; you will remember what I said.' ? ' ' About Desdemona?' ' No, not exactly ; but remember that too if you like. Good:bye — goodbye, Leta. I will not see you again till you axe quite grown up, Leta jr go you will kiss me good-bye ? ' Leta smiled, laid her ann across his shoulder, and raised her sweet lips to his.' Dr. Elliot went thoughtfully, along to the' verandah ~ to make fas farewells to tfe'faimly. A y«oiigman leant 'against one of !ttk pillars talking with the ladies. As Dr. Elliot came up He turned away. He was slight* graceful, supple, easy in every moment, and yet like Julian Carabet. *' Wngfr intftrwfawgymmg iriMt^iwnnAa^ the Very,' said JJr. Elliot- following him with: his oy^s. t 'Quite reformed, I believe,' jsaid thejarter.1/ /V . r ' - I . ? ; ! 'Abeheve so, 'But he wants Jnlian's simplicity and steadi ness,'' added thVfrierid. . ^ He does.' : ; - / « .De. Elliot ^rot-short the indefinite good-byes and loijg messages to English friends, As he rode away be just glanced behind h»ni once at the long, flat- roofed house, half sbaoed by trees, A long holiday was before him — a wished- for change of scene — a return to his own countiy— raad Dr. Elliot was intensely patriotic, and yet he felt somehow as if be ^ a tiraffllT? VwAiinfl him Hiw . C&AflEB; n. A year 'afterwards the same white sky, on changed as if be had. been gone bat for a day. The wwtft heavenly clearness of ' sky, hot sun thme and vivid coldrs. - As Dr. Elliot drew bis horse to the side to leta rash of traffic pass down the street, another nderalso stopped — EwartCacabet. When the greetings were over — ? 'TeUraethelatestnews, Carabet,' said Dri Elliot. **£mi wearying to hear some. I have heard no 'Brisbane'gosap for sis; 'inonthjTat least.*' ' Why, what happens thai?' She^iflr reined feck' bis bors^ 'and was a pause before' he replied. *® Oh, onr youngbeaxrf^sfaoarriage, of course, to my brother Jnuan.*' ' i *' You *no*n Hlaiiftf mean Leta ^randon. Jnlian bie allot on his feet -onoe again, yon jJI our unde^s inoney^-— a£ rich as anything now— Brandon mere as sweet on him as possible. He's all that's respectable now — quite reformed, the people say.' . ' I believe them.' ' WelL good morning. See you noon again.' ! 'OhTDesdemonar'says Dr. Elliot, riding slowly np the sunny street. ' We congratulate you, Dr. Elliot,' says the mother, smiling languldlv. ' So you have a wife in England,' says the sister who had tried and failed. ' When are we to see her?' asks the friend. 'I don't understand you, madam.' I ' Yf*ur marriage, Dr. Elliot.' j * 4 My marriage?' j ' Yes, it wa* Julian who told me,' says the mother. ' He showed it in a newspaper,' says the sister. j . 'ne snowea ns tue paper, says me ineou. ** My brother was married in April — proba- bly Mr. Carabet mistook the name.' I 'Oh ! *ha*. must have been tbe mistake. I i remember that the newsjiaper was slightly torn— th^ firet name was not there,' says the mother. 'He said he -had not seen the name, ' says the'friend. ' The less said about such a mistake the better ; but I suppose I must receive the con gratulations of the whole town — I can't escape that; But I came here to congratulate your daughter,' £frs. Brandon. I suppose she s in frhf house — -may I go in and find her as I used to do y A heap of white flounces, two little bands wrong close together, a beautiful golden head bent low, on ihe sill of the window. 'Leta !' 'Oh, Dr. Elliot, is it really you?' ' I have comeback again, you see. How tall you have grown, Mirr Brandon ; you have grown quite out of my acquaintance. (Good Heavens, how lovely !)' 'I hope— I hope that may never be, Dr. Elliot.' ' Well, if I had delayed my coming for two days I doubt if X would have recognised my little patient in Mrs. Julian Carabet. (Mercy ! What a fool I have been.}' ' I hope I shall always be tli* same to you, Dr. Elliot.' 'Now I must congratulate you. I trust you will be very, very happy, Leta.' 'Thank you, Dr. Elliot. |A 6ob.) 'Julian a very ardent lover?' (A stiver.) 'Y«s — very.' (A pause.) 'Dr. Elliot, when are you going to bring your wife to see me ?' 'lily. wife, Leta — I nave .none — I will never marry — now.' 'But I saw it in tbe newspapers — J ulian told me.' 'You saw my brother's marriage in the newspapers — and — and — Leta, have yon not learned yet not to believe all that Julian tells you ?' 'Oh, Dr. Elliot — and I am going to marry him.' ' Leta, may I ask you one question — just one, and then my old position of counsellor and friend is gone for ever.' 'Yes, Dr Elliot.' ' Will you answer now, truly, 'Leta ?' 'Truly — truly as I ever answered you any thing in my life.' ' Do you lore him, Leta ?' '.No, Dr. Elliot, I do not.' 'Did you ever love another man — stand up, Leta, and answer me bravely as you used to do.' ' Yes, Dr. Elliot, I did.' ' Do you love this man etill V 'Yes, Dr. Elliot ; I will love him always.' He came nearer to her, and took her hands in bis. 'Leta; Julian Carabet is a soulless brute; his veiy glance defiles you. I'd rather see you in your shroud than in a bridal dress for him. They call his brother Edward the worst man in the town, but Julian is ten times worse than he.' ' Dr. Elliot, I am going to marry him.' * 4 Leta. you cannot do it.' 'I must.' ' You shall not do it, Leta.' ' I cannot help it now ; I cannot break my promise ; I have not courage.' ' He has lied to you purposely.' ** I know that.' ' Have you not the courage to tell hi™ bo, and be free again 7* ' No, Dr. Elliot.' ' Why, little girl, are you such a coward ?' i ' Yes — for him.' J ' Leta, do you remember, long ago, you rode I through the bosh from Hope's station in the dark with mp_ Were vou frightened then ?' ' No, I was not frightened. ' 'Do you remember what y -u said to me then ? I have never forgotten it, Leta.' ' Yes, I remember.' ' Say it over to me now, Leta ; say it. ' 1 'I would go through the Valley of Death and not be afraid — if you were there.' ' Thank you. Now will you do this and not be afraid — because I ask you ?' 'Yes, Dr. Elliot, I wiiL' 'Leta, dear, why are you so quiet? You haven t said two words since I came in.' ' 'Julian, X have something to say to you.' Julian bent his dark face to kiss her, but she moved away. He followed her, and stood laughing at her downcast eyes. ' Oh, nonsense, I/eta. I hate when you be gin to be serious. Don't, now, there's a good girl. See, I have brought you some rings, but they are not to go on till Wednesday ; the one you have must do till then.' 'Julian, I have something to ask you.' ' Mon Dieu, Leta ! Donx draw yourself np that way ; you look like a white fury. ' Julian, you said you 6aw Dr. Elliot's marriage in the papers. ' Yes ; ''pon my honor, so I did ; you saw the paper yourself, Leta.' ' Dr. Elliot was here this morning. It was his brother's marriage, not his own you saw.' Julian threw back his head and laughed long and loud. 'Bless me, Iieta, have you never found that out before ?' 'Then you told me a lie?' ' Yes, of course. I did. Leta, Leta, darling, you're not angry ? ' He bent down towards her. Then she slowly turned her golden head, raised her face and looked straight into his eyes. The burning words died dumb upon his lips. FTis passionate, imploring eyes felL He stood there silent before that straight, Se^Ed th^l^een love, bonor, or ptmty in the man's soul then it would have answered, but there was none. She drew ihe ring off her finger and laid it down. The great sapphire glowed there be tween them lifc-p an angry blue eye. 'Leta, will you break your bond two days before your marriage?' ' Yes, I will.' *e Do you know what the world will say ?' 'Ido.' 'They win say yon jilted me to many an other man — or WOZS6.' * ' Let them say it,' ' Iieta, do yon mean it really?' *' I do. I do not love you. I never did. I will not marry yon. I have behaved shame fully. I have given you my word aud Vrroken ' it. I deserve to be called everything that is bad, but I would die a thousaud deaths rather riiaii l-e your wife now. You have lied and deceived me. I will break my promise to you. I will never marry you.9' He gave one fierce look into the white, steady, t^eautiful face. 'Go,' she said; and be went. 33ie horse was hard ridden and flecked with foam. ' The rider was hot and angry. He cursed the aervants at the door as he flung than the runs and tamed into the bouse. ** Been to see your bride, Julian ?' 'Yes.' *4 Very charming?' ' Curse her !' ' Julian, axe you mad, or drank, or what now?' If I am — look there 1' and he flung some thing on the table The ligfy trembled on gw great sapphire, anil caugnt tlie slender circle of gold. « 'Oh!— bo Miss Brsjidon has changed her mind? 'Yes.' i ' ' . J ' At half-past the 4fleventii hour indeed !' 'Little devil!' : J Edward liftwi the r -»g and slipped it np and down Ins brown fingei ; smiling. 'perhaps «hg taeii Dr. Elliot — he's come hon^ yon know. .T ^hat Iittie gsune of yours about the ifewspape^ was yery clever, Jtd^n j but it hardly answers as well now it is found out.'^ »: Julian swore at him* 'My little brother, take care what yon say. Don't let your angry passions ? ' 'Oh, if I had her in my power, if only for a day, I ? ' Edward bent lightly and laid a hand like iron on his shoulder. ' Say one word — just one word more — you lying coward, that you are, and I will thrash you within an inch of your life ; that fair name is too white for your lips, you brute !' ' Fair name, indeed ! to jilt me in that way, two days before her marriage- Fair name, in deed !' Edward took two paces across the room, and then faced round suddenly. ' ' Look here, Julian. I loved that girl more than yon ever loved anything in all your sel fish life. But I honored her too much ever to dare to ask her to many a man who had lived a Itfr liira mine. I never °said a word to her. 1 1 scarcely dared to touch her hands — they were £o white— and you — you soulless, bladeheart ed, lying sinner that you are — you thoughtshe would marry you. Afi soon believe you might enter heaven. ' Are you done ?' 'Yes.'' 'Well then, get away — I don't want you.' An hour afterwards ihe gaudy tripping of a French opera air was sounding through the open windows. Julian was teaching tbe green parrots to whistle. But that evening Dr, Elliot rode tip to the house and had a long interview with young Carabet. ' Did you horse- whip him ?' asks the kind brother, smiling, at the door. ' I did not find it necessary,' was tbe reply, and Dr. Elliot rode away. Chapter m. ' Leta looks like a ghost this morning. Dr. Elliot. I'm afraid she will be ilL Will you go and see her?' said tbe unsuspicious, agitated mother. 'She is talrinp- her conduct to heart, I am glad to see,' said the sister. 'You will find her alone in the drawing room,' said the friend. 'Well, Leta, things look very black this morning.' ' Oh, yes, Dr. Elliot ; it is all so dreadful. They say X have behaved so shamefully.' 'So you have.' ' Oh, Dr. Elliot, even you are not my friend. I am so miserable.' 'Why? Because I said that our old rela tions were changed yesterday ? Is there no new one I can assume, Leta ?' 'I don't want a new one.' ' But if I can be your friend no longer, I transform myself into father, brother, or nncle, Leta?' ' ^so, Dr. Elliot ; I don't want a new rela tion to you.' ' But, my Iittie girl, I do. Can you suggest any ?' ' Please don't tease me just now, I am so miserable.' ' ' Lover and husband, Leta? How will that do ?' 'Oh, Dr. Elliot !' ' Will that answer, my dear love?' Leta held out both her hands to him and hid her face on his breast. ' Well, my little girl, here is your mother coming. I have just one thing more to say — J the less time we give them to fallf about us the better. You will marry me soon, Leta?' ' Yes, whenever you like.' 