VA I ETIE S. A celebrated lawyer said that " the three most troublesome clients he over had wore a young lady who wanted to get married, a married woman who wanted a divorce, and an old maid who didn't know what she wanted." One of the strangest of religious sects is that which calls itself the Now and Latter Hlouso of Israel. Ifs headquarters are in Chatham, England, in which town its deovo toes are building an immense temple which will cost 250,000 dols. They believe that they will not die, and that they are the remnant of true Israelitics who will reign with Christ for a thousand years. Their founder was a man named Jezriel, who is now dead, His death was a great shock to the believers, and his wife claimed that it was an accident and declared herself to be his successor. The legal marriage age on the continent is as follows :-Austria, 14 of both sexes; Germany, the nma at 18, the woman at 14; iBelgium, the man at 18, the woman at 15 ; Spain, the nman at 1if, the woman at 12; Franco, thn man at 18, the woman at 15; Greece, the man at 14, the woman at 12; iHungary (Catholics), the man at 14, the woman at 12 ; (Protestants), the man at 18, the woman at 1 ; Portugal, the man at 14, the woman at 12 ; Russia, the man at 18, the woman at 16 ; Saxony, the man at 18, the woman at 16; Switzorlanud, the man at 14, the woman at 12. There is a French Tichborne case on the 'PArls. A property, estimated at £800,000 sterling, is claimed by the son of a man who has been missing for 35 years. The claimsnt has lately como of ago, and ho al. loges that he has boon kept out of his inheri tance through the machinations of the Oleov. reaso family. Some time ago, when M. Camescasse was Prefect of Police, the same claimant was arrested for having created a disturbance before the door of the town house of the Due do Ohevrouse. IIo was not punisheod at the time, and since then he has contrived to got his case taken up by thm lawyers, and intends to fight it out in the courts. It is narrated of a distinguished Ameri. oan journalist that when he visited Egypt for the first time he rode out one morning to take a look at the Pyramids, Mounted upon a bony Assyrian mule lie has inspected those mammoth choe-d'aomvres of the lost arts, whoen suddenly he was brought faco to face with the Sphinx, " Gosh I" said he in tones of astonishment, " What's this 9" "That," explained Hassan Bnow Ali, the faithful Mamalulco guide, " that is the famous Sphinx, emblazoned in song and illu mined in story." " Hump," ejaculated the journalist, after a critical reviow of the placid dame's features, "so this is the Sphinx, oh 7? Well, I don't think she amomults to very much ; wo've giqt girls in our oflico 100 per cenl, better looking than she is I" A remarkable ease was hoard before the COheltenham magistrates, A farmer and milksoller was asunuoned 'for solling milk not of the lnature demanded, A police-sor' geoa, pe urchansd froiml the dcfndtant's man a pint of'inill, which 'vas supplied from an ordinary milk can, also a pint of " babies " ik-il lk from one cow-supplied from a iiuiall can. Sauples of both were sent to the country analyst, Mr. Embrey, who cer tified the Ifirst to be pule, ansid the babils' milkl to cotallill 10 pe'r cont. of added water' l'The correctness of tlme certifllcat was ionll tested, and, at the request of the defendant, the cow in question was milked in his pre sence, and the analyst took samples, which on analysing he found to be poorer than that sent him by the police. lie was satis fied there was no added water, and had he not seen the cow milked he should have certified that water had been added. He believed the milk produced by the cow was the worst sample of genuine milk on record, and one that he should report upon. Tho body of John Summers, a youth 10 years of age, whose hat was found on the footway of the Olift;on Suspension Bridge, Bristol, was discovered among some busthes at the base of St. Vincent Rock, beneath the bridge. The deceased, who had loft lettbrs at his home about a romantic attach. moent, must have leaped from the bridge, a distance of 2410 feet, and come in contact with a projecting rock in his descent, as his head was severely cut. This makes the twenty-third suicide from the bridge since the opening, 23 years ago. For some days past the .inhabitants of Mumbles Hlead have been in?'a state of ex. citoment over alleged mysterious visitation of ghosts about the Mumbles after nightfall. It being determined to fathom the mystery, a number of men secreted themsolves on Newton ]Hill. The spectre duly appeared in the form of a figure clothed in white, with blackened face. lHands wero instantly laid upon the ghost, who was discovered to be a prominent member of the Salvation Army. He was ruthlessly stripped of his garments, and a sound flogging was adulinis" tered, notwithstanding his entreaties and protestations that it was only a joke. A young lady dismissed the young man to whom site was engaged because hi drank. A few days after she had told him she would never speak to him again, a little boy brought a note fromn the wretched young man. The note read: ' Faithless, yet still beloved Fanny,-My sufferings are mnor than I can hear. 1 cannot live without your love. I have, therefore, just taken poison, the eoltets of which 1 am already beginning to feel. When you have read these lines I shall have joined the great silent majority. See that I amn decently bluried, antl shed a silent tear over any tomb in rememnbrance of the happy days gone by.-your dear George.' When the young lady had finished reading the note she asked the little boy who brought it what he was waiting for. ' Tho gentlemanr told me ter wait for ant answer,' was the reply. We quote INESXTINSO a little essay which, as Mark Twniin says, ' is full of nsivot6, brutal truth, and unembarrassed directness, and is the funuiest (genuine) boy's coni position that I thii{i I have ever scon ": Girls are very stuckup and dignifled in their manner andrl bo-have-your. They think more of dress than anything, and like to play with dowls and rags. They cry if they see a cow in a far distanco and aro afraid of guns. They stay at home all the time and go to church on Sunday. They are al-ways sick. They are al-ways funy and making fun of boy's hands and they say how dirty. They can't play marbels. I pity thoem poor things. They make fun of boys and then turn round and love them. :t don't heliove they over killed a cat or anything. They look out every nitt and say oh ant the moon lovely. T.hir is oneo thing I have not told and that is they al.ways now their lessons bottrom boys. An Irishman who had only twopence half penny in his pockot stepped into a public house where the publican was boasting to some customers of being a man of his word. Pat ordered a half- pint, but, not beoing con teont with no short a drink, and having only one penny left, ho began to think hlow hio could get a drinkl out of the publicant, At last he hit upon a plan. Approaching whelore the publican and his customte's wvro speak ing, Ihe said to the fortter, "I'll bet you a penny, sir, you won't say ' throe matches ' to thron quostionts I ask you." After somo hIesitation, tihe publican bet him a penlny. " How's your mother ?" said Pat. "Throo miatclhecs," said the ptublican, 't low much do you think you'ro worth " said Pat, "Threeo matlches," said 1Boniface. " What will you take fer a quart I" said Pat " Threeo matches," said the publican. ." Give meio a quart," said Pit, leaving down throee matcheo s and the penny hIe lost by the bet. lThe landlord, being a man of his wolrd, with a good grace hatlded Pat a quart, An old war veteran, who had botn through half a dcoetn calmpaigns, antd was not very particular about what hIe ate, was invited out to a swell dinner party, 1io snat almost directly opposite tile hostess, anild was pain fully consoious tlhat every Itovs he matido could be observed by hier, Suddenly, at the hoight of the festivities, the voeteratn eamae across a caterpillar in his salad, A furtivc glanco at thle hostess disclosed thI fact tlhat shlc, too, had cliscovetred the embarrassing eircumstance. It was a critical tmomeit, but the old soldier was equal to thoe occasion. Without lchanging a muscle lihei galreod up tihe tatoerpilhr with a fotrkftl of tile salad antd swallowed hIoth. The look of graltitulde wlioh hIe ricetived from his hostcuss a few mitlutos later, wlatrlned the very, cookies of his heart,. .in cun tite the story leak:ed out, and whtut somtibody asked thi' old catin paigo'r low hIto likted cat'erlillar sahul, thi reply cattol liltko a hot-shot : " Jlo ytou tlake nle fu'or t inttlt who wonllild slpoil a ditlln!t pirty for a little tlhing liko a catimrpillar." ThIe wort ftornln of Fi var, Prickly IIotll Saalll lpox, alul 3lcanlla ranpidly ciirill liv lr pIIori tl' o IrYllic nAli:NI " n aialll aIIIy a1o for lhet fnolr haill niaiiil ll In oi i i llih tlloo C. Fil ,lcornllhli U'iirorpnieitI of ltintl:/,ante Gulanidia?n, ii A linni. Alin'itlaint iineicaiil tes llluiliny ellCt i sII wil h v clli hi olll oi. It l I n c?irn for Ollolorn inl runavInriTvIa of Imoat dliaanHi iichleait to Tropicil nit (a?tlilalnlIlae, It nllayn IhIhHt in it rlllllrl e mlll 1 Iainni r miil coolr! anid vilalises tIia llhnlOl. I. S. Plliu'dy Illq wrn ill?s " I w llhl ll l ia r go shliirt. oif any?l:hi,( IihnI Ilii niiavaflailiug tli'avllhrl Tlr Iinid,-Aiv. I.-1i5.81 AtvoclT FirWnla.-Thn anoat niiaslia le oiags i Ilia llihl inra LIlla nio llriiiiig from l)ynppisiia ,ail livr ciiaiplniiit. Moiiia Iini a?raofy-Iva, plr collt of ti' Ieopllo ne al lllicelol with Illesea two iliu la?ma, imill'oeel a lo ill IH Sollil illlllnctls Sim:k lmtnal.alchl , Illlihituil COstivelianas, Pl'llila. lion (iof the Ilalnl lo n, ll- htl, ur i\\\'lflr tlllrli, gnnwil\vi iil ad illrllniig lainsH thlIlu Iit of IIha SLomilliclil, Yellllw Skill, Icnlfafll TlillioU anlld i. nLuctailal lmllu' ii il lhn Iho 1 II, Coliig lip of' food allolr c;linhg. l \, iii iilsi, &, Gl Co I yolur Dl)Ig gist anil gal a l IItIl of A iiguIIt hilrinar°A-.- , 111i alass iliitlaflry at lloiiorn Pr'Icn. Arli. la inI Tm ath, li ta l liti ,, I i li I Soa , ((i i ,ini lil lowur) £115. Miralli l'lrotiheimrn, Sii'geoni lnll. IlIn, 1i33 Elizabolhl SIiaoot, 11ydo 3 Ill k, Syii no?y \--A?tv. B.28.86.y. Towll)1's Poltn yryal 1111and slol pills fri fo lillill Illui kly Ol'rrao t ll I1 rgllll illi s, a111111 ri'llovoa Ih i isreilaa na nyllipt ill llln all IricvalaOi l wil Ii lii ma.-, I .?xna 1?.I I I, IU i1l 2 I lii., olf, all Chmillallnll imlil Pulamit Midralimil V\i1id1l., Plio. aipll i lly ly Tl tlia liilhi iiii 3 liamil l Uiiiiu. fia Driig (loi, Linnolmi, Eimliimlnd. W\holonIll iil ill Ihe l\ oV flelo lalilana. Salitrin uf UnliihI. 