A successful aud well attended race meeting was hold on tho V. A.T.C. course at Caullield ou 7 ill May, the only drawback to the a'lcraoou's enjoyment being tho lato arrival of Ihe last special, which was 12 miuutes louger on the ro.td tlitiii the ordinary trains,' causing nil who travelled by it to miss the iirst race. llouorn won tho Trial Handicap, bcutiug Dufferiu. Vascosa aud 17 others; and the places in thu Hmdlo llaco wore tilled by Whalebone, Roynnd Huntsman. The Celling llaco fell to Stafford, who was .. foUoAved by Success and The Ghost. Hoynl OaWgjjfcgn.-lho Steeplechase after a good contest$ayStu§R-uby and Promotion; mid iu tho Glen Huhlly^Haudicap Menotti, Meteor and ltiugiuustur finished iu the .order named, with not more than n head botwoen first and third The racing ended with the Two Year Old Han dicap, which was won by Dick Swiveller, with A'bzrt Loddon second and Rosewood third. The meeting of the Wyndhnm Racing Club, which took place at the 'Werribee on 30th April, was in every way a most successful one. There was a largo attendance, chiefly provided by Ihe usual Melbourne race goers, but the raciug was not of an exciting character. No very pronounced favorite was served up during tlio afternoon, with the ? excep tiou of Eomanoff, who was backed for a good deal in both tlio races ha started for mill justified tho confidence placed in him by winning both Mambourin and Shire Handicaps very comfortably. Prattler nt last came out in his winning colors iu the Flying Handicap. B ndigo won tlio Hurdle Race and Snip the Selliiii; Race. A protest wns entored against Lightstep, who cume in first for the District Plate, on the ground Hint her owner did not reside iu the district, but it is generally understood that although his work takes him away his wife and family live in tho Werribee district, and this was accepted as being suf ficient to prove ' domicile.' The club should certainly bo the gainer on the day's work, for though the Selling Rucodid not prodnco a very large revenue the attendance of tho public was of a very satisfactor}- character. A week's bicycle tournament nt tho Exhibition building was brought to a conclusion at 11 o'clock on the 30th April, iu the presence of several thousand persons, Clarke of Scotlnnd, who had led for tlio three previous days, carried off the first prize of .£100, l-y accomplishing tho distance of 780 miles : Roberts (retting second prize of .£50, for 772 miles ; Wyburd third, £30, with 730 miles ; and Mitchell fourth, £20, having covered tho required 675 miles to get a place. The finish of Clarke was very exciting; in fact, his riding throughout tho evening was the theme of admiration. Roberts male a vigorous effo.-t to get on terms with Clarke, who, however, never allowed iho New castle representative to come dangerously close to him. Wood broke down in his attempt to cut the record of 100 miles. He did the first 38 miles in 2i hours, when ho wns obliged to temporarily retire through a leg weakness, but returned again to -the track durinir the evening, and raised it to 66 miles in something under four hours. Rollinson's burlesque riding and Miss NeJlio Ponegnn's roller skating and dancing afforded the spectators additional amusoment, 