Chapter IV. Now, when Eobert' arrived at his office that morning he found1 letters 'which' relieved his mind of its lalo mercantile anxieties ; and, having loisure for the' consideration ,o£ his more personal affairs, . ho caino to. tho conclusion, in tho course', of '.tho ''day, that his quarrel with his' wife /rnad. ' lasted *. long enough. They .were acting -like a couple of- childton iu making such; a fuss-.' about such d' trifle. Lexic, --with jail her cultivation and intelligence, was wonderfully young and schoolgirlish' in'many. ways, and he was just as bad as she was.' 'It was high time for them to begin to' behave themselves like reasonable beings. And if 'sho would 'not mako the first advance, he must. -' ' '' So ho got' away 'from business a little. earlier than usual,-' and ho went to' Swanston-strcot and bought.' tho. most beautiful bouquet that' could bo 'had for money. Armed with this peaco offering,' he set off to St. Kilda, and pleased himself as he wont along by thinking of the coining reconciliation — of tho talk he would have .with Loxio,: before' dinnoiv-of the cosy meal, at which, freed from ' all restraint, ho would tell', her the .news of the town- — of tho friendly evening afterwards, when thoy would walk about tho, 'garden -arm in arm together. Not tho ghost of 'a misgiving as to tho issuo of ' his magnanimous project for a moment crossed his mind. For ho- had -never found Lcxie impracticable when ho had humbled himself sufficiently. It was 'on those occasions that she showed, him (for a little while) that sho had a heart like other women. Entering the houso with his latchkey, he looked around with a benignant and a compla cent air. 'What a pretty little nest it was ! How dainty, how tasteful, how orderly, how different from. the houses of his friends, whoso wives were only ordinary persons and not deli- * cute aud fastidious creatures like Lexie. It is true that ho otten wished her. inoro like Mrs. Ponsonby, who had roses on her drawingroom. carpet and a hair- cloth suite in the dining room ; but, nevertheless, he was proud of her unlikeuoss to that oxcellont wifo and mothor — of tho very qualities 'which unfitted her for. the life he desired her to lead. His eager face grew dull, and his sprightly step began to Ing, as ho went, from room to room and failo.l to find her; He ventured to -tap again and agaiu at tho door of her bedchamber, and at last to turn the handle and gently open it. Finally ho wont 'to the kitchou, and Ellen told him that Mrs. Browu had gone out. This was not at all what' ho. had expected, aud ho was sorry ho had been in such a hurry to get homo. Ho put his bouquet in one of her artistic pots, had a bath ami changed his clothes, and' then sat down with a*, magazine to wait for' her. Seven o'clock — dinner time — camo, and sho was still absent. Tho master of the house, who has bccii at his business all day, never likes' to bo kept wailing fur his dinner ; and as tho minutes went by Robert began to fume, and to forgot all about his intention to humblo himself to his wife. Ho opened and shut his watch, he paced up aiid down the verandah aud to and from the gate ; ho grow more aud inoro angry, and further aud further from tho point of reconciliation to which ho had been so nenr. At 20 minutes past, 7 ho shouifd fur Ellen. 'Whore is Mrs . ?'???own gono to ?' ho demanded peremptorily. ?' J. don't know, sir.' said IlIIcu, who looked very aloit and conscious. 'She merely said the was going for a walk.' ' When did sho go?' 11 Well, sir, it couldu't havo been much after half-past 9.' ,' And slio hip wot boon home since ?' 'No, sir.' '??Does sho often go away for all day like this?' 'She haa been away a good deal lately,' siid Ellen. 'She often misses' tier lunch. Yesterday she wouldn't havo any dinner. She 'wouldn't evou lot ine lay the cloth.'-- ' ?. ?- «' But yesterday I was out That- was' quite anotherthing.Sho would not care to sit down by herself. Sho knew I should be at home as usual to-night. ,IIa\o you no idea where sho is gone ?'' , ; ? „ 'Noue, sir, at all.'' She didn't tell mo, nor Sophia either., But'T' think sho mostly' goes on to tho beach. I n'otico the bottoms of* her dresses full of ? hud whoii Ibrush thorn.' Ellen looked as if. she would: like to say more, but was afraid to venture. ? Robert glanced again at his watch and ordered dinner to be ' served. He ate his solitary meal without enjoyment and with a gloomy' face ; aucl''then, having given orders that something was to be kept hot for Mrs. Browu, took his pipe aiid'coffoe to the verandah aud there stretched, himself upon a long cane chair aud resumed his watch. Hev felt quite sure that she was doing this to avoid and to annoy him, but did not doubt that he should see her return when the necessity for joining him at the table was past. When she caino he was determiuod not to make it up with her as ho had intended, but to -give her ;«« a pieco of his mind '' instoad.- There was reason in' all things, 'and not'to beiiiher. piaco 'at dinner ' tima' was going a trifle too fan . He 'wouldY havo to show tier that he was .master in his own house, and not to be -disregarded as if ho were a child. However, 'when 9 o'clock came -ho began-'.' to feel very uneasy — to forgot his personal wrongs in anxiety for her safety. Many a time he had begged -and commanded her not to be but at night alp no, and sho was continually disobeying him (on principle, she said — because she'had as much right to liberty of action as- he had). He was always .in fear of -some accident befalling her on such occasions — that she should bo raolestod 'by casual drunkards or villains, or loso her- ' ,\vay ' in ' th ' dark. Visions of those possiblo disasters began to disturb him now, aud; he fetched his hat and wont out to 'look for her. For an hour, ho hurried up and down the Esplanade and up and 'down tho pior, peering into strangers' faces ; ho investigated dark objects on tho sauds ; ho looked into shop windows ; ho went . to the : station and waitod for two trains to como in. Then he persuaded him self that sho must have returned iu his absence, and went home again. As he entered his garden he saw a female form .on the verandah, and his heart leaped for joy. He was in no mood for scolding her now ; lie would reproach her tenderly for making him so anxious, and thou beg her to kiss him, and to let bygones bo bygones, and .not to bo cold aud cross any more. 'That you, Lsxio ?' ho called, oagorly. 'No, sir,' answered Ellen; aud he saw Ellen's white cap iu tho dusk, and tho shock quite staggered him. 'Its only mo, sir. Horo's something for you, sir.' Ho hurried into the gas lit hall and snatched from her hand a letter — tho letter Lexio had written yesterday. 'I was turning down tho bod in your drossiugroom, sir,' explained Ellon, iu a hurried, c.tcitod voico, '.' aud I took up your nightgown that was lying on the pillow, and the letter was wrapped up iu it and it fell out. 0, sir, I hopo there's nothing tho matter ! Mrs. Brown was very strango this morniug. She was crying before she went out, aud she said pood-byo to Sophia and mo. At least, sho didn't exactly say good bye, but sho gave us both a present, and spoko as if she wore going to do something. I didn't liko to toll you before, but Sophia aud mo both thought tho same — that sho seemed like as if she was going away and not coming back any more' Robort stared at the girl for some seconds as if in a tran co, his ruddy face blanched to a sickly groy, and thoro was a look of dread and horror in his eyes. Thou ho turned into tho drawingroom, shutting and locking the door behind him. And Ellou crept on tip toe to the kitchon, whoro Sophia was 'breathlessly await ing her. ' I always knew how it would bo,' said sho, oracularly. '- Thoy'vo don'd nothing but quarrel, quarrol, quarrel — thoy thought I didn't nol.irc, but I've got oyos like other poople — and somothiug was bound to ' happen. You in.'irk my words, Sophia — she's gono off with somebody olse.' 'No doubt,' said Sophia. 'I suspected it all along. Ladies don't go out alone, morn ing, noon nnd night, tho moment their hus. bands' backs aro turned, neglecting their meals and everything, without it's to moot somebody. Of course not. ' This was their instant' interpretation of the mystery. Needless to say, it was not Robert's. Ho knew Lexie better. She was not so par ?tial.to men as all that.. -But;he,.was quite as wide, .of the' mark' in 1' his conjec tures. When. 'he' read her farewell letter, his strong framo trembling as with a sudden ague, his honest heart bursting with grief, one only explanation of her disappearance presented itself to his mind ; and it took permanent root .there — nothing occurring to displace it. 'I havo made up my mind to set you free. Our marriage has becu a sail mistake, but I am going to do tho only thing I can to rectify it. .' ? ? Think a little kindly of me when' lam gone.' Lexie, in her haste ind agita tion', had not weighed her. words properly, and had,-. had no. thought of suggesting such a meaning as they seeinedobviously to boar to her husband. How, he naturally asked him self, could a marriage be annulled (where the legal process of divorce was out pf.,thoj ques tion), except by death ? How elso', Could, such,'! a mistake— if it were a mistake—be 'rectified P^ It was to him as clear as] day'i that in- writing!; thus Lexie had contemplated/- putting' ,'anVend-y to her life. He remembered how ' tho doctors' ; up-country had warned him that her, mental ;:. state was inclinod to bo morbid, and that'sHe ,/ nocded cheerful surroundings to prevent'^the' development of disease in that direction ;* arid he. thought of the miserable life they, had had togother'. of late— how, while he*- had had;his resources aud distractions in 'office' and- club, sho had had uubroken silence and solitude in ' which to cat her heart and wear .-her '.nerves -to ?- pieces'; and he cursed himself; for a, .blind dolt, md'a heartless villain, believing, himself, to be, wholly responsible for the. ' catastrophe. He felt as if he had murdered her, laud 'was almost nclined to1 go and cut his own' throat in tiis!. remorse and irrief. ' *'? ' ' '.' .' Of course tho houso \ was soarchod, . on tho bare chance that some circumstance might be discovered tending to' disprove .this dreadful ' theory.;- but Lexio(s anxiety not. to be imtno 1 diatoly; followed had .led her. ' to cover her tracks' so well as to baffle thpir investigations/;; Tho trunks in the box jroomVviro'ro1 counted, and wore all fouud to be in their place''; hor pretty bedroom was rummaged over, and apparently, nothing was missing. ? Robert had no idea how many nightgowns'and potticoats his wifo was supposed to have ; - nor had the servants, who had only lived with her during the few weeks of her sojourn in Melbourne ; ' and when they saw the layers of linen in the drawers, and tho familiar drosses hanging on their pegs, and tho last new bonnet lying on the wardrobe sholf, even -Ellen and Sophia were convinced that their early judgment of the case had been a mistaken ono,'nnd that thero was only one explanation possible. The sight of tho' brushes aiid bottles and scraps of jewellery scattered about the toilet table, of the',' dressing gown hung over a chair and the little slippers by tho bedside, 'just as they 'had been used in tho moruing'.and ready for uso at night ; those, inoro than anything, quenched hope utterly. When they wero pointed' out to Robert ho broko down altogether. The servants went away to cry in the kitchen ; and; old Stephen Brown, who had been sent for, hurried off to tell I ho police that his nephew's wife, who was rather weak in her mind (it Lexie had only heard that'!), had, to the best of their belief, committed suicide, aud to iustitute nil iimr.e diato search for tho body. Therp was a sort of fatality about it. Tho search was made, and the white shawl was. dis- covered lying on- tho sand near tho Rod Bluff. Sophia aud Ellen, both swore their most solemn oaths that it had- belonged to their mistress, and tho gardener ;also declared , himself ready to pledge his soul that sho had taken it with her when she left the houso for tho last time. He had seen it with his. own oyes, and ho should knew it again anywhere.'. 'Was not that con-, elusive? None of them, not Robert: himself, . know that Lexio. had two whito Itamporo ' chudduhs— ouo of hor own purchasing when sho was a girl, and tho other a wedding present. For days and weeks the distracted husband hunted round tho bay, on land and ou water, for the corpse of his drowned wife, offered rewards iu all directions for i'.s recovery — of course in vain At last Undo Stophcn urged him to give it up, to put a black baud on his hat, and submit liko a man (o tho will of Pro vidence. ' Tho place swarins with sharks,' said tho aid man. ' You may depend they've got hor, )i' sho'd have boon washed up before now.' That was how thoy settled it — that Loxio - W(l found ft grave in a shark's stomach, Nof. a doubt of her death, nor of the manner of it, remained in anybody's mind. 'If she'd boeu auy where else, she'd have been found by this time,' said Uncle Stephen, when a weak wild hope would dare to lift its voice.- 'If sho was alive, somebody would know' it, and then we should know, for tho newspapers have been full of it for weeks, and everybody reads tho newspapers.' Besides, she'd have come back herself, whon she saw what trouble sho'd made, if she'd been able to.' This statement of the caso seemed quite unanswerable. And yet, as wo know, it was altogether erroneous. Lexie was alive, and nobody did know it — nobody who ivas of any use in* discovering her existence and where abouts. The Melbourne cabman .'who had driven her and the empty portmanteau to St. Kilda had never known the name of his fare, nor the name of- the houso to which she directed him, nor had he given a thought-to cither; and the St. Kilda cabman who drove her aud the full portmanteau to Spoucer-street chanced to fall ill of a brain fever the day. afterwards, and subsequently died unconscious. She was /an utter stranger to the outfitter from whom .she had bought her trunk, and also to the clerks at the shipping office, who supposed her to bo Mrs. Smith. Young Joe Price, when he read of the affair in the newspapers, brushed himself up and went to call on Robert, to tell him of her visit to. the ship at Sand ridgo Pier ; but his history . of that little incident did not seem -.to throw any light upon^tlio caso. v- Owing to the short time sho had lived in Melbourne, aud to. her social exclusiveness,: her : face; was little known in public ;? and neither on her way to Williams town nor on board the steamer had she met anybody who was acquainted with it. And whon sho airived in' England, although con stantly on the .lookout for letters (knowing that her husbaud was familiar with her London haunts, and supposing he would certainly guess that she had returned to them), always expect ing to bo followed or sont for, she novor thought of looking at a colonial paper. In Australis-^sho had ignored tlio .local literature ivrion delivered at her own doors and scattered ibout her own tables ; in London she did not sven reinombor that it existed. And; tho only thing Robert ought to have lone he .did not do, and that was to take action is administrator of her little estate. Had he ookod into her money affairs ho would have dis iovered something that ho would havo been rery glad to know, and that would have set him looking for her iu other places than where tho surf flung the sea's rubbish on tho shore. But ho know what wore, the difficulties and delays 'incident to taking over; property left as Lexio was supposed to have left hers ; and her posses sions were too little, and his own by compari son too large, to make tho matter of any consequence to him. He did not caro to think of it., '' I will wait for a year or two, at lenst, before I do anything,' ho said ? to his uncle, when tho old man, who had a frugal mind, showed a natural anxiety on the subject. ' Tho money is quite safe. I could not get it, if I tried. Aud I'm sure I. don't want it.' 