&fje; iLatJtes' Column. Our Grandmothers. In the National Review the Countess of Jersey attempts to answer Mrs. Lynn Linton's argument on the results of the ■' Woman's Movement" by pointing out that our grandmothers and great-grand mothers were quite as emancipated as ' their descendants, and certainly were not more "domesticated." Clarinda's Dairy. Here, for instance, is an example from good Queen Anne's reign : " The love of pleasure and the vacuous lives of the ladies of Pope's day are nowhere better satirised than by Addison in " Clarinda's Journal of a Week.' It is too familiar and too long to extract in its entirety, but Wednesday may serve as a specimen : —Prom 8 till 10 : Drank two dishes of chocolate in bed, and fell asleep after them. From 10 to 11: eat a slice of bread and butter, drank a dish of bohea, and read the Spectator. From 11 till 1: At my toilet; tried a new hood. Gave orders for Veny to be washed and combed. Mem. : I look best in blue. From 1 till half an hour after 2: Drove to the Change. Cheapened a couple of fans. Till 4: At dinner. Mem.: Mr. Froth passed by in his new liveries." From 4 to 6 : Dressed : paid a visit to old Lady BIythe and her sister, having before heard they were gone out of town that day. From 6 to 11 at Basset. Mem. : Never set again upon the ace of diamonds. Swift's ' Modern Lady,' in 1728, rises, like Belinda in the ' Rape of the Lock,' at noon, spends her day in shopping, her evening in scandal, and her night, till past 4 in the following morning, losing large sums at eards." In Horace Walpole's Time. We need but turn to Horace Walpole to see that our ancestresses knew how to amuse themselves a little later in the cen tury. What can be more lively than his supper at Vauxhall ? " He goes to Lady Caroline Petersham's house, and finds her and little Ashe, or the Pollard Ashe as they call her; they had just finished their last layer of red, and looked as hand some as crimson could make them. They : pick up some other good company in the Mall; but though Lady Caroline runs up to Lord Petersham with e a familiar 1 spring,' he stalks away ' as sulky as a ghost that nobody will speak to first.', This does not appear to affect the lady's spirits; they get into their barge with a boat of French horus attending, and lit tle Ashe singing. At Vauxhall, • the very foolish Miss Sparre,' who has never seen a duel, though she is 13 and anxious for the fun, tries to get Lord March to fight one, but he laughs her out of it. At last we assembled in our booth, Lady Caroline in the front, with the vizor of her hat erect, and looking gloriously jolly and handsome. She had fetched my brother Orford from the next box, where he was enjoying himself with his petite partie, to help us to mince chickens. We minced seven chickens into a china dish, which Lady Caroline stewed over a lamp, with three pats of butter and a flagon of water, stirring and rattling and laughing, and we every minute expecting to have the dish fly about her ears. She had brought Betty, the fruit-girl, with ham pers of strawberries and cherries from Roger's, and made her wait upon ns, and then made her sup by us at a little table. The conversation was no less lively than the whole transaction. In short, the whole air of our party was sufficient, as you will easily imagine, ta take up the whole attention-of the gardea ; so much that, from 11 o'clock, till half- an-hour after 1, we had the whole concourse round our booth. At last they came into the little gardens of each booth on the sides of ours, till Harry Vane took up a bumper aud drank their healths, and waB proceeding to treat them with still greater freedom. It was 3 o'clock before we got home." "Advanced" Women in 1711. Lady Mary Wortley Montagu's uncle wrote to the Spectator: "Whilst they should have been considering the proper ingredients for a sack posset, you should hear a dispute concerning the magnetic virtue of the loadstone or perhaps the pressure of the atmosphere. In a late flt L&S;*>*:e gout I complained of the pain of that distemper, when my niece Kitty begged leave to assure me that, whatever I might think, several great philosophers, both ancient and modern, were of opinion that both pleasure and pain were ima ginary distinctions, and that there was no such thing as either in rerum natura. I have often heard them affirm that the fire was not hot; and one day when I, with the authority of an old fellow, desired one of them to put my blue cloak on my knees, she answered : " Sir, I will reach the cloak; but, take notice, I do not do it as allowing your description; for it might as well be called yellow as blue; for colour is nothing but the various in fractions of the rays of the sun.' Miss Molly told me one day that to say snow was white was allowing a vulgar error; for as it contains a great quantity of nit rous particles, it might more reasonably be supposed to be black." Political Women. Ladies took to politics long before Primrose Leage or women's suffrage days: "Nor were 'platform women' unknown to these good old days. The Mirror of over 100 years ago says : * In London, to which place we are always to look for the " Glass of Fashion," the ladies, not satis fled with showing their spirit in the bold look, the masculine air, and the manly garb, have made inroads into a province from which they were formerly considered as absolutely excluded, I mean that of public oratory. Half a dozen societies have started up this winter, in which fej male speakers exercise their powersy elocution before numerous audiences jivass all manner of subjects and spirit of the bold Duchess of Devonshi! iia&m; have been off allowed manners and customs of her generation, what shall we think of the ladies in 'Be linda 1' An election takes place; Mrs, Luttridge posts down to begin her canvass, and away posts her enemy, Lady Dela cour to canvass for a cousin of her friend Mrs. Freke. Lady Delacouris ambitions to have it said of her that she ' waB the finest figure that ever appeared upon can vass.' On the day of election (? nomina tion) she and Mrs. Freke make their ap pearance on the Hustings 'dressed in splendid party uniforms,' and distribute ribbons and cockades from two enormous panniers. Hot to be outside, Mtb. Lutt dridge sends for panniers twice as big as theirs. Thereupon Lady Delaconr cari catures Mrs. Luttridge as the ass and her panniers.' Mrs. Luttridge, an excellent shot, wishes herself a man that she might take proper notice of her opponent's con duct. Instigated by Mrs. Freke, Lady Delacour sendB her a challenge, which is accepted in due form. The ladies and their seconds meet in man's attire ; bnt the principals are induced to fire into the air, because Mrs. Luttridge is incapaci tated by a whitlow on her forefinger from using her right hand 1" 