JPBTJIT-BEAIinsrG THE TEST OP DISCIPLE * SHIP. , 11 . B.TyTHB;IÍÁTE:EEV. HENEY WABD BBICÇHER^ . i '.,'"'. \ (Preached April 18, 1886.) \ ] ' -sv'Hevem* îs: my father glorified, that ye 'bear much '. friùt;vsô'-shàll'yeheMy disciples."-JOHN-XT. & ? Scarcely any- figure so abounds in all its shapes in 'tho Bihle as that' of the vine ; the vinç, the \- Tineyardj the vintage, the vintner^ every form, .-"'.áB'-it regards both the Church and individual per eons, as it regards those that are good and those .that are . bad. Tho wholo Scripture is full of ^gare's of moral tiuth turning on tho vine. But the height of sacredness is roached when. Christ likens;Himself to the vine and His disciples io the" branches. In this chapter it is run : out almost into an apologue. ' ' -Tho sentiment for our consideration, then, is the? fruitfulness of Christian life as the evidence 'of . religion. The Church is God's vineyard j ;' Christians are God's vino branches.' New HOW 13 GOD GLORIFIED ? It cannot be that we. can add anything to His intrinsic excellence. We can glorify a man by office,-by dignities, by hónors, in Tarions ways. 'The'.father can exalt his son, can plant him in life; can use all his experience and knowledge, and influence to give him dignity, success) prosperity,. And happiness j but nobody can add any thing to . God, nor can'anybody-make God's glory intrinsic. . The stature of His being, the outspread of His powder, His infinito qualities-no man can exalt these. - We cannot in any way increase, we can not even understand the full glory of God; but in our lives and dispositions we can make known to men' tho quality of Divine attributes. One ?drop of water is enough to teach us what'liquid is, but one drop of water would not be enough to; .t;8ach;; u9 what the Atlantic ocean is if wo had \- ; mojb.íseén it j and so one single development of " i ii ^lóvé 'reveals . the glory of the God of love, ^ although-" the ocean, the tides, the-infinities1 ¿t.;V tj&t;'ielQng to. tho Divine Nature we; shall'; not ^ ?'."Tcnbw unÉil^we behold them from a higher point . .. i «of vision,oven if we do then. * ;.-«-;-;.'it 'ÍB'?he 'revelation of these qualities in our-, selves that constitutes the glery of God. .A .diamond is nothing in itself ; and yet, having the: "Dower of refraction and reflection, it'in every .facet gives brilliance and color from light.... So,it isfwith those who aro really God's gems and ? jewels. The light that. flashes from: their lives . front day to day reflects Him, and makes men , easUy to know him, . i' . , . v'Now, look at tho example of. Christ.; ;I ;8umT «non this, because the whole tenor of my discourse this morning is to show you that ; ? \ ; .JHE FOWER OP THE CnTJBCH LIES IN ITS QUALITY, ¡not 'in its quantity j that the few are a. great deal more than tho many ; that as in Israel the great mob of . a hastily gathered army was discharged and sent homo, and two or three hundred did all ' the work, so in a Christian community tho million do not do tho work, but tho few hundreds do it. The power of the Church lies in the abundance . .. ,»nd quality of ita fruit-heart fruit. .'. You will, on reflection, call back the example of Christ, .tie did not organise a church. He was Himself obodiont to tho temple and synagogue. INor did His disciples understand that He had laid the foundation of a church. They themselves continued to attend tho worship of the temple «nd the synagogue nearly to the end of their lives. But consider what Hil habit wa3. Tho .«ùracleà that H«. wrought excited univnvaal ^curiosity: ? Ño.vtown, no toará, .nor hillside waa large enough for tho throng that went out after Him'} and so far frort- encouraging it Ho avoided it ; and when ho wrought any miracle Ho .warned them to go hack, and said : " Go homo to thy house, and seo that. thou tell no man." . It was to pre vent universal publie .eîcittynent. Not that âhilr- wctîy'ît was improper, but that it evaporated the enthusiasm of tho people to look at strange or miraculous things. It subjected them alço to tho suspicion of the Government, that might at any time bring down the bloody hand upon them. At any rate, He was disposed rather to repress than to excite public interest in His affairs. He .was, on tho other hand, perpetually endeavoring tb teach tho disciples that the development of a beautiful life was the power that he . Bought to establish. "It was not an order of the priesthood, it was not a new order of philosophy, it was not new institutions or. methods that He was seeking to build up j it was to . . -, TAKE MAN BY MAN, ' and develop in.him the kingdom oiGod.,. That is the lever, and the sight of the ; highest form of spiritual and .temporal manhood is the instrument hy which the. world is to be convérfed^has been, is, will be. : . y :;¡" ' ;'i \- ;í. If this be, then) the substance ;¿f-'Christ's ^aajhing-^bear 'much , fruit ; *so < shall ye - glorify 'your-father ^hicb. ..is; in heaven-rfthen. I remark, : first; that tfië gro^ the numbers that, .aro \ in ' ft, but by the-graces, the beauty of-Ko^uaess, tho variety and ripeness of .Christian foelihg, character. These are. , "r l-l - ;,'" THE SIGNS Ol' GROWTH. )J 1 ^Whatever tends to make mon, looking upon yiou, revere you, esteem you, love you,; whatever lifts their conception of your spiritual,% excel ; lenee, '. gives strength-to the Church. "< Every ¡where throughout. .the Word of God this ia made prominent; Look, for example, at .the exhortations . which Paul gives in- Kornaus. In the twelfth chapter, beginning: with the ninth verse,'He says--" Let love be without dissimula tion." Do not use :it as a bribe or pretence, or a means of increasing your influence, or gaining .your ends.' Let it burn pure and simple "like a lamp ina temple. ; " Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good. Be kindly affec tioned one tb, .another with brotherly 1*ve ; in honor preferring one* another ; not slothful in business,; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord; rojoioingin 'hope ; patient in tribulation ; con tinuing^ constant inj prayer j distributing to j the necessity of Baints ; given to hospitality. Bless them which persecute you-; ¡ bless and curse not.* Eejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that yeêp.,; Be ''bf the . same mind '.< one to ward another. . Mind. not high things'[fashion, the, higher, classes]) but condescend to men'of low estate." Cóunt' all inen,; from the- top. tb-'the bottom, yourbrethrëni " Be not.wisè in'yoür own conceits. Eecompense tb nb main evil tb evil; Provide things honest in thé\sight: ¿fall-men. "If it be fpbssible, as much as" lieth- in . you, live peaceably with all men. Pearlybelovedj avenge; not' your selves , but rather, give place unto J wrath,' for it us: written, Vengeance isMine¡|:í;wffl;:r^ay);BA :the Lord. \ . -Therefore), if> /thine enemy, hunger, feed him ; if -he thirst)1 give .him.;driht;:,fbr in sb doing. thou shalt heap.coals bf fire ( bn:;his/ head. Be hot overcome bf bvil,but overcbme^evil^with good.^f What- ' ¡»-\ J :. ' ..;,<h.:-:V?? ?'? ' v, ! ' '''' ';: AN INVENTORY OF '^TJAMTIES !' '"-f ? ',' . How. many of-, these db you possess P - Here is the creed, not the Apostles'Creed, but a creed baot of that. ' \Itis .tho creed that, really 'specifies that which' Christ' generically specifies, in His teaching .tb men. Again, " Let no corrupt communication próceed out pf your mouth, but that which is good tb' the' use of edifying [building], that it may minister grace unto the hearers. And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption. Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking be put away from jon, with all malice; and .be ye kind one to another, tender-hearted, forgiving ono another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you." Christ says ?that if ye bear much such fruit as that ' you glorify God, you reveal Him, you: make known His glory.1 |;" ' ' 2.' The courses which jjlorify God and.make the, Church rich are . .'.???-''.'?. j .WITHIN THB REACH OF,EVERYBODY, - J ', the poorest, the plainest, ; the : most : obscure.. There is a profound philosophy underlying moral government. There are profound philbspphibal questions that pertain to the attributes and the; nature of God Himself. There are reaches of thought not unworthy of investigation, which only educated men, trained thinkers, can enter into, and there is an impression which grows up too "often in tho Church that the. mon. who havé great gif tflj-great knowledge, are the glory of the Churöh. No; it is .the man who; has the most fruit of the Spirit bf God that is tho glory of tho Churoh ;'and the-.qualities that constitute fruit ?are those, that. are. open to.everybody-^to tho child, to 'the. young, to. the ungifled,,. to.,,tho ignorant. Everybody knows, or, may know, how tobe gentle.. Everybody knows how to,use. his ?tongue, not as a sword, but as an instrument of pleasure, profit, and instruction tb other men. A man may say, " I can't be patient ; I have never been to college." Probably he would be less so if he had. A man may say, "I can't be humble, I don't know muctí." But there is not a man so ignorant that ho cannot bo patient, humble, long- suffering, gentle. Take the most boisterous woman that ever lived, and the lightest of foot, and the, lightest of head, and she may say, ' ! , I AM NOT FIT TO BE A TEACHER." , That may be,; but when God gives her a school in her own house, and her scholar is her babe, see if she does not know enough to be long--suflerr ing, and -gentle, and full of all manner of 6weet kindnesses-and is there a timo at which a woman is more angelic than when sho bends'over her babe, and yields up every quality in her for tho Bervico of thiB unrequiting little one ? Tho qualities that go to make resplendent characters, and that have tho power of the Gospel in them, are those that ave possible to the lowest, the ' least, and tho poorest. There be Christians that ¡ say : " Well, I never speak in meeting ; i I can't." Year, well j that ia all . right. 1 * ,''.?'.?'''.-..*' r Nobody wants to hear youifyou,get tip to. exhort -you are not fit to exhort, and nobodyjwanta to hear you if.you "undertake" to explain passages" of Scripture ; but if , God "has brought you out of sorrow, and you have ' .. A. WORD OP TESTIMONY "... . " . ! aa to what that sorrow/was, and as to how.deep ifc;phuiged you, and-how in some gracious hour the heavens cleared, and your soul was emanci pated and lifted on high, then you will be listened to with interest. No eloquence is like that of a fact of soul experience. What God is doing within ÜB is the most dramatic thing that ia going on in all the world. There are dramas of history and dramas of passion; but tho silent dramas of the summer of the soul aro moré wonderful than any others that are taking place on earth; and theso are the ones , that mostly slumber, and are not brought out in speech. 3\. The tendenoy to judge ot , < . , ,. C . : ''* REVIVALS-¡r:': ?.????:,. is,. 11 am afraid, becoming more' materialised'. Men glorify God that a great and powerful outr pouring of His spirit has filled the' churches. With what ? Some rivers, when they come down in freshets in spring, bring sand, and destroy the meadows over which, they spread themselves'; while some bring , loam, and refresh all the meadows where the detritus settles down, increase ing tho soil. And a revival is beneficial not by. thé number of persons-supposed to'. ,be ..con-, verted, but:by the "quality of ' the" conversion' thoy have gone through. I say nothing, aganist revivals ; from my, youth up I haye believed in tHem^buir Ï do. Í say .that there is very' great' danger in estimating them, because there'., is so muon enthusiasm connected with them, and sp niuch that is in alliance with pride of flesh; and of numbers, that we are in danger of misjudging them-great revivals, for instance, such as are höld' in Chicago, in Indianapolis, in Louisville, atid in many other places. Why, my young friend, the boy preacher, Harrison, informed me that there were twenty- six hundred persons oónyertedi in one-city where he was. Twenty six hundred gardens öf the Lord ! Well, I wiouldîHkëvto ëee those gardens.... I.would like to seoo ..'-.:'... ; :'v-:-V ;?,?) \ 4' \ \\\ li ' i ll''; -'.'J ; vW^-Ä^ THEY/BEINC^FOUTIT. LLM.^.Cl. .? If 'they simply ' say ' they are'2 in'; the /Churchj and have, a, through ticket,paid.ùp.to.Hèaven, and gpi back junt as they always have lived, I do not very muoh esteem tthat j ¡but, if ¿there could be twent^ix hundred persons that break out with: the blOTrom and fruit of the Iibrd's garden in their hear ts, and they could all bebrought into the: Church in one.company, the millennium would be the next-step, right outside the door.; Çommuni tiefi could not stand such a cloudburst as that. I ithink churches are very largely without the ? con ception of where the force of the Lord's presence in them is. . If the Church is growing in grace,- , and in the "good. works that" springirom it ; if alt the dispositions of the members are ameliorated j if : they are more , honest, ; more ; truthful, ; more ! generous,' more forbearing, more charitable',- in. ? every direction ; if they are sustained under their . grievances!; and thwartines ; if they bear their. cross more easily ; if they are filled with hope, and with a love that Jeads thet»> to prefer others rather than themselves-if this spirit of Jesus,' Cnriet is thus diffused among the churches, why,' there is a revival oí the most important sott. ;, If you could bring hundreds and thousands of others, and- should really come into .the beginnings of thia life, that would, perhaps, be more glorious^ b'ut there is a revival that does not increase, the Church numerically, and yet increases it. " Herein is My Father glorified, that ye bear much. fruit." It ia fruit-bearing that tells the growth of the Church. "So shall ye be My disciples.? . J:..«' ; In every < ora, of life, I think I might.say, iri in every five years, every one of us could afford to be born again; every one of us should grow out of old experience and into another and higher one; and the Church'augments itself, hot in the sense . in; which you count, but'in.the.BenseJn whioh you. weigh. The quality of the life that is developed.'in; tho Christian Churches that .'by which you arei to : mark its morement, its^in qreased yalue. j One of the things .thatn early in my; ministry I remenibèr.. h^ing\\..wa8.:a..man) of^Göd, a tfroud Virginian, 1 who r;be¿ame a '-minister of Christ, and in ; poverty was ' rendered nxost beautifully humble and full of dignity, never seeking anything by ambition/ say to a Church: " It is a great deal better, my brethren, that ono apple-tree should bear twenty , bushels than that twenty apple-trees should bear each one bushel of apples.' It is a great deal better that one man should be increased in fruitfulness to a large degree than that five meii should just begin to bear little. It.is not how many you ' have bearing, but how much they are Dearing, and whatis tho quality of thefruitthey boar." . Now,.Isl:ould'notolfer these general.iyiews as a dissuasion from ' joining- the ' Church; In'à largo and generous nature , they ¿re "persuasive. I do not even invite you to the Church commu nion for the sake of countiug you, nor to produce in you a feeling that-, on the whole, you.are safe. My idea augments with growing years that; it is an heroic thing to be a Christian man. It is a good thing to bo saved, provided you are worth saving, provided there is anything of you to be saved ; but I am afraid there are a multitude of persons whose only idea of religion is that they aro going to get to heaven. That is NOT THE NEW TESTAMENT RELIGION. . The religion of the New Testament is heroism, a highor standard of thought and feeling in every moral relation-moro strength, more beauty; more duty, more love, moro power, a larger and freer manhood ; and the call of mon to this higher life seems to me the noblest calling that can como to human ears. There is your model; there are tho men. and women who have reproduced it in-their own lives through the generations of tho Church-heroic men and noble women. It is tho largest style of manhood known to humanity. There, is the ever- increasing example,' there is the ever-quickening spirit of the Holy Ghost ; and it is to such a life as this 1 that I. invite: everyone who ia a candidate fori; membership m. this Church. We do not want ' aHy moro dry "branches. We do not expect y*u "to CQvaéinto, thia Church and begin to bear fruit . ïn''full'rheamiie ; but we want the idea "with' which you come into this-Church to be . . ~ .;. ; LARGER CHRIST LIKENESS. ."..'. .There ..is '-something in religion, à It'is not mysterious ; it is not miraculous ; it is the unfold ing bf your nature according to JeBus. Christ ;itr is a real education, and glorifies God . while it ' exalts and makes honorable your own nature. It is to that higher life, not in the technical sense in which we hear the word used, but to a life above the flesh, a life of the Spirit, a life» pat terned upon the beauty and glory of God, that I invite every one of you. So, if there be any aspirants, not that say« "See how. wo are already bearing fruit!'' but that say : " Is there room in tho nursery for me tobe planted and grafted into this hew lifo ?" I reply, yes¿ there is. " If there are'any ' that say^T " I desire to be in the Lord's . garden^ and to be cultivated, that I may bring forth thVrigh*t.ftuit, and that abundantly," there is room, too, tor you. If there be any that say rv; v; ? "i. DESIRE TO' BB .SA.yED,":>¡ , ?'? I ask them : Do you desire tb' ^ Do you desire.; tp;bef saved . while .you aré ; going oh in. life'just; as !ypu 'bo ; savéd-'^by1 'putting : off ' the^¿old, ;uian ?> and : puttings on , ^ ? .' Ifj. the latter..is true the.doors .of the .Church and : of God's hoartjare' open to you, and the - hands of power in the ; Holy Ghost are f extended toward yóu¿ drawirijg you and sanctifyihgyouj and in th« other life, when ! you '."risei hq^ ; gifts and your opportunities m'ay h^ been, it you can carry up bne flower or one bluster, Christ will not-'despise it.'; He will accept it at your hands. - If."a , little child, that knows not better, brings me a burdock, or perchance ev«?n a thistle, .and brings it in the spirit of love,-1, can scarcely refrain from tears, andi take it with : great-' joy from his hand, lt is the best he knows how to do.' There will be no rigorous examina- . tipn. .As every man has, so shall he be[judged. If you bring up much fruit, cluster upon cluster, all the more blessed and glorious will it be. To friera that bring such fruit as that Christ can bay: "Your earthly life has led many hither that came before you." Oh, what joy there will be in .that companionship! JWhat heavenly, eloryf; Whenever men can bring another garden; another vine, another harvest of ; blessed; friütagb; ali heaven will rejoice,,and. you will - rejoice for ever and for ever withjtti'em.." "'.-/.-.-?V-i;'-',. 