ITEMS OF INTEREST.. The arrivals at Naples of large numbers of fugitives from Sicily creates great saniesy. Catania remainsthehabef centre of the cholera epidemic, On 10th July thirty-even oases and eighteen deaths were reported. At Roe celia. in Calabrie, there were four casese and two deathe. According to information from Pietermaritz burg, the Natal tremeurer's financial state ment made in the Legislative Council showed that owing to improved trade the deftit at the beginning of the year had been reduced from L223,000 to L16i,000. It is expected that by the finbancial arrangemenls made last session the deficit will be completely covered,. during the current year. Corte. spondeoce has been read in the Legitea tive Council which passed between the Secretary of Slate for the Colonies and Mr. John Robinseon, when the latter was in Loodon as the Natal delegate to the Colonial Coo ference. Is is generally considered that Sir H. Holland means to convey that unless respon. sible Government be accepted by the colony all public works dependent on loans must be stopped. Judgmsentwas given at Leipelio on 8th July in the treason tral which has been proceed. ing before the Imperial Court. Klein was eondemoned to six years' imprisonment in a penitentiary, and Grebert to five years. Erhart wee acquitted. Tne reasons assigned for the sentennces are that the guilt of both Klein and Greb"rt has been fully proved, partly by their own confession and partly by the depositions of witnesses and the corre. spoodenoo found to have been exchanged between Klein and Schnaebele. It is further explained that both the accuete knew that their communications woued be received by the Frenob Minister of War. In the southern parts of Georgetown county, S.C., says the New York Herald, Is a large sheet of fresh water known as Dawbe Lake, widely celebrated for its great quantity of excellent fish of many verseties. About ten days ego a terrific hailstorm of several hoa s' duration passed over that section, doing great damage to growing crops ,ad beating large quantities of leaves and limbs of trees into the Lake. A few days after this storm the fish in the lake began to appear by thousands upon the surface of the water in a dying condition, the quantity increasing daily, until the surface of the lake was literally covered with dead flbes. The water of this lake has always been of a whitish colour, clear, solt, and pleasant to the teste, butimmediately after the storm it became as black as ink and bitter as quinine, in which condition it has sines continued. Dawbe Lake is about two miles long, and from two to 500 yards wide, and varies in depth from 10 to SOft. Adjacent lakes were not affected. Partioclars of a most sensational murder trial on California, the sequel of which wasthe lynching of the murderer, are given by the Philadelphia correepondent of the "Time.." One Hlong'di, a Chinaman, recently brutoally murdered a man and a woman at Ootusa, Cal. forum. He was tried on 9th July, the jury finding a verdict of guilty, and pronouncinl his punishment to be imprisonment for life. Their verdict incensed the crowd in court, who wanted the man hanged' and the judge said be would not accept the decision of the jury. Everybody being armed,a wild eoone eomnsn il the courtroom, a hundred pistols being drawn amid ories of "Lynch him?" The sheritf rose and quitted the crowd, saying that, while he disapproved of the verdict, he hoped no blood would be shed in court. The prisoner was then removed togaol. A mob surrounded the buliding at midnight, broke in and seized Hong-di, and dragged him out to a bridge, where they hanged him by throwing him over the parapet wich a rope sound his neck. The sheriff then took the body back to the gaol. A movement has been begun at New York fors cutting a Nicaraguayan canal under American auspices. A sum of 100,000ol. in gold has been paid to the Nicrarguayan Government for the concession for cutting the canal. The Nicaragnlaun Canal Con. struction Company has been organised with 12.000.000dol. of capital, and will soon send out engineers to verify and relocate Menocel'e surveys. It is expected that the company will begin the work of excavation and of hachour improvement when the advising hoard of eagineers, including Mr. Menocal, '.. approved of the surveys. An interesting collection of pictures Is now cine exhibited at the American Exhibition at Earl's Colr,. They prove that America it learning the businress of painting in Peol, end (es was pretty generally known before) is leerniung it well; though whether America will long consent to ran in French leading strings is quite another question. The pictures painted under other than French influence are for the .oet part on a different and lower plane of art altogether. Such are the large, showy, theatrical land.aspes of a man who bas had conliderable vices in orpie parts of the United States, Albert Bierstadt, a DUsseldorf artist, and snob uch the large canvas In which' the Peousylvanian aetist Rothermel hbs attempted the almost impoesible task of representing the mblee in tbs bloody battle of Gettysborg. Still, though the painting of this enormous picture is faulty enoogb, it.girs a painfully true idea o' tbe deadly strnegla in which, to nus the Northern phreee. " the back of the Rebellion waM broken." Tao armies engaged, wrer, es Moliks said, rather two vast armed mobs than trained armies ;. and here they are In collision; tbonusnds mixed with thousands in the grip of mortal cmber. & greet publico meeting 'was held in New York on Sonday, 10th July, at which Father M'Glynn defied the Papal sxeommunicetion. and eaid:-" I learnd 'under the very shadow of he Vatican that the man who sins eainst I bhis consolence ine' aginat the Holy Ghost, and if any 'power on earthib even toueh it be I him who sitse nthronod in the .Vtican, cosmmand a man. to do . or ' auh against his eolesenhee, so obey aven that' power were. to sin against the Holy Ghost. If it'wers in their power as it waS once-thank God it ile o.llonger-'they would imprison the truth in dueogens andl maotyr it st the slake in the persons of those who through no fault of their own reed God's' tenth in the facts of society, in the etrate of the'earth, and uponthe skies. hiti notorions tact that religion i. vanishing in every part of the world. Men are being alienated from the church, particlarlly from the Catholio oChrch. Nowhere is the church more baled than in the so.ncalld Catholic countries. The effort to obtain Pepal' reprsentative at Weh binten Is quithe io keeping with the ams policy that has ld the Pope to send two Italian prelates to Ireland. An Eogleh neoodle of a Catholic lord, the Erl of Denbigh it -and yon may always misetros English a Catholicer, especally an Englitbsh Ctholio carl, a to outdo any Protestaent n hie hatred ol Catholic Irelind--ays that the Pope told him not merely of his greet esteem 'nd affoctiob for Eongland, bwhch is well enonuh, but of his greet desire to be of use to England. wen who have fought for Catholicism have n been slapped in the face by the Pope to please Prlints Blmarok. So long as the Catholiee let the Roman machine, of which the Pope is the t ere puppet, do this, that mschine will e C Pnddy in Irlsiad eand tbh German Paddy sod tmorica.P~dooy i :pawns on the.political a.eeoro, trd betnold oat st aoy time for what 'revithlck in' 1810, made the firt eI eomotive steam engine. Till his expert , rent ,t was 'imogined abet tnroed bheelo riuld gfve'no locomotion, and 'this miotake w hClyueted'the iutrodaieion ofsteam' navigc- f ar by revolvngpaddles. ... . ' 