THE YOUN1G FOLKS. SONE DAY.OF MY LIFE. To-day Is my birthday, and kind friends shower-gifts -and congratulations on me. I: smiles.and laugh .with ,the gayest ; yet my heartisfuil.of bitter-iorrow.and remorse and: unavailing regrets.-. - . Although to a'enperficial observer my lot has seemed a bright and fortunate one, there' is one day of my life, of which this very day is the anniversary, which has cast a dark shadow over .all my future,' 'and mny soul; from out that-shadow shall be lifted, ever. more.'. .. - It was my fourteenth birthday, a brightand lovely day m arly autumn, and in honour of the occasion my two favourite friends, Julian and Emily, were invited to spend the whole day with me. Oh, how happy we were I We had tea in the garden-a esumptous repast, to which we did ample justice. Then we rambled about the spacious enclosure, picking fruit and flowers to our hearts' content. I remember Julia and Emily made a lovely wreath and crowned me with it, declaring I was to be their queen. 'Don't be pickiig all mi fruit and floeres, young ladies,' said old John the gardener; buhot we only laughed at him. Afterwa-rds. as the eveoning ere. chilly, we sntered she house. stories. One led on to another, and at last we -essayed to frighten each other by relating the -most gruesome ghost stories we could *think of. After a time Julia raid suddenly, -' How thoughtfully you look, Katie; I think I frightened you with that last story of mine.' "Nonsense,' sail I; 'but I have thought of something amusing. Will you and Emily leave the room for five minutes while I hide myself ?' An elfish-or rather, I should soy, a diabolic-l-idea had entered my heao. for I now firmly believe it was an inspiration of the evil one. When the two girls had left me, I ex tinguished all the lights, and, drawing up the blinds, let a flood of moonlight into the room. It was a spacious apartment, full of nooks and corners, which threw dark shadows over a great portion of it. A door opened on the garden, and a large elm tree growing near the house waved its weird-like branches against the window-pane. The room looked uncanny; the shadows assumed grotesque shapes, and the moon light which streamed.in at the window, com. bined with the light from the fire, made these seem more grotesque, -- My heart almost failed me, bat I was resolved to carry oat my idea-it would be such fun, I thought. Selecting a dark corner. where only a few rays of flickering moonlight fell, I -laid myself down full length on the floor. and: rigidly stretchingout my limbs and f,oldinge my hands, assumed the appearance of death. I remember I caught a glimmering riflec. tion of myself in themirror_opposite, and was: half.startlsd and inclined to relinquish my: purpose when I saw it. Ah I if I 'had only: listened to my good angel; but the hand of Fate was on me, and I was destined to-carry: Out to the bitter end her fell behest, To add an additional horror to my appear. ance, i1 took two pennies out of my pocket and placed one over each eye. The fire minutes soon presed, and then'I heard Julia and Emily enter the room., 'How strange,' they both -exclaimed:; 'she has -ut out the lights.'-- " - 'I feel rather frightened; -aid'Emily, who , was the most timid; 'the room looks so gloomy.' . i 'Oh. nonsense,' replied -JTlia. ' It was very clever of her to put out the light, itwill be more fun to find her. Y'ou go and'look under the sofas and chaires, while-I look into all the corners.' I heard them poking about here and there,. and was afraid they would -stumble over my feet in the dark. At last 'Julia exclaimed, "Oh, look, Emily, there -she is; but how strange she looks.' Both girls now-stood over me, and 1 knew -somehow they were staring at me though my eyeo'were shut. •' Katie Katie ' they cried, 'getup. "-We have found you the game is over; doni't usa seizeud my arm 'o drag 'm b up,*tur 'deternined to carry out my game to the beitter end) let it fall'limlly out of her grasp. ' Oh, Julia,' said :poor Emily, in a faint, -heart-sick voice, 4I am afraid she is dead. A-nd look at her -eyes. how dreadful they 'look.' I could keep my-countenance no longer, so springing up with a wild-burst of laughter, I -caught the terrified-irl round the waist,- and -waltzed round theyroom with her. Suddenly I felt her form grow heavy and rigid in my 'grasp, and with -apiercing:acream of agony, which will echo in -my 'brain to my dying -day, the unfortunate girl slid from my arm =and sunk to the floor dead.-- E.,J. T. RoosE. 