THE DAY OF REST. SCIENCE AND INFIDELITY. ID connection with the visit of the British Associa tion to Manchester, special services were held at St. John's Cathedral, Salford, and at the Church of the Holy Name, Manchester. High Mass, coram episccpo, was celebrated in the Cathedral, HiB Lord ship the Bishop, who is a Vice-President of the Association, assisting. The preacher was the Rev. John Burke, B.A., the subject of his discourse being " Science and Infidelity." In the course of his sermon he said there never was a time in which it bo became the Catholic to be iip and stirring, and to gird on his armour, than the days in which we lived. Everything told of battle; the blast of hos tile trumpets filled the air, but the foe this time was dowmigbt infidelity, bold, defiant, blatant unbelief. In this age of advanced science and intellectual development,* we were not allowed even to believe in God in peace. CONCEITED BLASPHEMERS. There was a iarjre and ever-fncreaslajr body of men in this country, belonging chiefly to the mechanic and tradesmen classes, half-taught conceited bias* phemtrs, who began by hating God and went on to deny His existence. Besides this ignorant and impious ma*s, there was another class of men, fewer in number, but more dangerous by far, chiefly icientific professional gentlemen, chemists, physio logists, geologists, botanists, professors in our great schools and universities, men who were able to write eloquently and to speak plausibly, men really eminent in those branches of science to which they bad mainly devoted their lives, but who, unfortu nately »nd sillily, bad crossed their proper limits and hsd gone out of their sphere of experimental science, about which they knew & great deal, to indulge in speculations about philosophy and religion with which they bad no professional acquaintance, and had ended in doubting revelation, metaphysical truth, and religion altogether. DESTRUCTIVE TENETS. These apostles of light-let them call it ninteenth century light-had got it hopelessly into their beads, and were anxious to convince the rest of the world, 1 bat we could make positively sure of nothing except we could either perceive it with the senses or reach at it by means of philosophical instruments or scientific experiments, or can adduce it from acknowledged scientific facts; that Bince God cannot be |seen or beard and had been proved to be beyond the scope of their best instruments and most carefol experiments, it reallv became highly ques tionable whether there be a God or not; that even if there be, it is quite impossible to find out for sure; that modern science bad made fairly satisfactory efforts to account, and might some day succeed in accounting for the cause of all things, animate and inanimate, including mankind, without taking refuse in the idea of a God at all. ^ And, therefore, all that surrounded and accompanied and depended upon thetxistf nee of God- Christianity, Revelation, the truths and facts of Holy Scripture, of religion in the eense In which it has been understood by the civilized world for centuries as a system of fixed unmistakable truth, about which there could be no possibility of error-fell to the ground. Once these destiuctive tenets were launched upon the world it was for the world to form its own judgment upon them, whether the daily conduct of their professors was in conformity with them or not. THE MORAL LAW. If there were so God, then away went the moral law and moral responsibility, for to whom were all responsible if there was no supreme Law-Giver and Omnipotent Judge? Conscience, with its warnings before, and its reproaches after, if it were not a monitor from above, became the enemy of our liberty and the rade disturber of our peace. Heaven, and above all. Hell, that was so dreadfully unpalatable to sceptical men, which defied the test of physical science, were set down as little better than delusions or ghost stories for children. The Christian world baa been befooled and bewitched; the paeans were not far wrong only that they believed in many gods instead of none at all. Christianity, which Jesus Christ founded, which the twelve fishermen miracu lously bore to the furthest ends of the earth, and for which a hundred thousand martyrs had laid down their lives; Christianity, that for nearly four hun dred years met in deadly combat the pride and corruption of the old Boman Empire, and at length, by the power of God, came forth victorious and made the Emperor and his Court biw down their necks beneath the yoke of Christ; Christianity, the destroyer of barbarism and the mother of civilization: Christianity, that had sanctified lives and purified the homes and secured the peace and happiness of whole nations, that hao in every age been the main* spring of the heroic actions of millions, that Christi anity was not a scientific system, based upon scientific evidence, but might be easily proved to be a complete delusion, a mirage in the desert, a will-o tbe-wisp in a bog, born of ignorance, and preserved and made permanent for generation after generation by a narrow and unscientific system of education, but likely soon to disappear like mists before the sun, in face of the searching and detecting lights of modern science. If this was to be called wisdom, then, tbank God, they were all fools. If this was what advanced science came to, then perish the n^me from the minds and hearts of men. We did not want science to teach us lessons that were self* evident. THE IMAGE OF GOD. All the works of the creation had the image of their Maker stamped upon their face; every object in the universe was a loud-voiced trumpet send* log forth the praise of God. We could sea Him in the beauteous variety of tree and green leaf; in the flowers that painted and scented our gar dens ; in the gross that carpeted our fields; we could see Him in the immense world of animal life around us, in the myriads of insects that well*nfgh [deluged the earth, in the winded tribes that wiifr untiring effort kept the air in almost ceaseless vibration; in the army of finny things, from the wbale to the minnow, that peopled the waters of the earth. We could see Him in the surface of the earth's framework, in snow-capped peak, in mountain gorge, in the slumbering valley, in the picturesque landscape; we could see His countenance reflected in the mirror of the deep broad ocean, and bear Him speaking in the low and soft laughter of its ripples and the thunder of its waves. We could Bee Him in the heavens above, in the sun that gilded and warmsd our day, in the moon that lighted our night, among the stars that bespangled the blue vault, in number beyond telling, separated from each other and from us by distances almost immeasurable, swift almost as thought in their flight through epace, most con cordant and unerring in all tneir revolutions-all these were but portraits in miniature of the God that created them; all these had a voice and cried out io one long, deep, full, and ezultant chorus "The Lord God He is our God; He has made us and not we ourselves; blessed for ever be the name of the Lord." THE HEIRLOOM OF FAITH. Would it be possible to deliver up our precious heirloom of faith at the bidding of these scientists, even if we wished to do so? Did not the evidences of that faith confront us and surround us and penetrate us through and through; did they not evince and assert a power over every faculty ot our soul; did they not accord harmoniously with every element in our composition; were they not the pillars upen which were reared up the spiritual temple of our inner life, pillars which, if they were to totter and fall must bring down desolation and ruin upon every portion of our mental and moral being. But how was it come to pass that we were actually called upon by men of talent and learning to abandon in the name of scientific truth these first principles of all philosophy and of all religion; these unquestioned and unquestionable truths which it had ever ever been sacrilegious or atheistical to deny or even so much as to doubt ? They who were Catholics would readily understand the reason why. It was because these men were strangers to that vital Catholic principle THE PRINCIPLE OF AUTHORITY. because they placed unlimited confidence in the capacity of human reason, and deliberately refused to let it be sunplemeuted, still less directed and controlled by the light of Christian revelation, because they obstinately insisted upon seeing before believing, because tbey rebelled at the very idea of anything incomprehensible beyond their reach and outside their domain, because from the nature of their studied and pursuits they got into the way of attaching almost exclusive value to the testimony of the senses and the results of scientific experiment, and paid comparatively little heed to those more subtle yet mighty evidences drawn from the instincts and feelings and longing and inner inspirations of the soul that weighed bo con* clnsively with the great mass of mankind* because being left all alone, without the protection of the Church of God, they were like mariners adrift upon the high seas, exposed to those aberrations and distortions to which reason in the concrete, in the individual, was so liable, because beginning with Rationalism, by force of habit and circumstances tbey rapidly degenerated into Materialism, after which they became mental groundlings, haraiy able to lift themselves up above the level of the matter which clogged and weighed them down, and fling ing aside God and His Law, the world supernatural and the life hereafter, they erected matter into a kind of God itself, tbey sat it upon a throne and tbey knelt down and worsbippea it. Within the fold of the Catholic Church, and there alone, had science and reason a safe field for their full action and development. There alone could the scientific enquirer pursue bis researches, there alone could he enjoy liberty without licence, there coald he pursue his tesearches with the light from above shining down upon fcim, with the proud consciousness that be coutu net wander far astray; there was he like a mariner shaping bis course into a difficult harbour with landmarks and lighthouses to warn him of dangers and to guide him through them. Might God grant that the members of the British Associa tion, which was now holding ita sittings in the mid»t of us, might be kept in their right place and confine their labours to the cause of true science. 