OUR CORRESPONDENT'S LETTER. . Teetulpa, February 19. Early on Friday morning, permission having been obtained from the occupants, work was resumed on the business sites behind Badger's store. Several holes bottomed at depths varying from 7 to 15 feet gave only the color ; but from a hole near Jonas's butcher's shop a second grand prospect which I saw " panned off1 went over two u weights." In a remark ably short space of time all the spare ground within a considerable radios was marked off, and sinking was commenced with hope-recruited energy. So eagea were the men to obtain a "show" within "cooee" of the "golden hole" that the street was again rushed ; but the warden, who was on the spot, reserved it in tha interests of general traffic. A rumor being afloat this morning that a rush had taken place near the north end of Flack's Gully, and Mr. Gee offering me a seat in his buggy, we set out shortly after with the intention of testing its authenticity, visiting en route the Blue Star and Jubilee reefs. In the formec Mr. Lowe reports the reef is again work-, ing, and excellent stone i3 being broken out. The underlay is very slight and the casing hard. The shaky nature of the footwall renders for the-present the use of powder unsafe. At Strawbridge's several parties are still camped. Very few, how ever, are working in the gully, and these with hardly payable results, the majority being married men with families, who foB sanitary reasons, although working in Brady's and Goslin's gullies, prefer re siding at a safe distance from the fever infected field. Brennan's and Flack'a were found to be practically deserted. One or two men are still pegging away in the hope of striking a run of gold. Looking down from an eminence com-' manding an extensive view of the sur rounding country no indications of a rash were to be perceived. If not a hoax the rumor might have originated in the fact: that Mr. Flack had been working lately in a new spot, and the previous day had got a few colors. During the evening at least six zinc buckets of washdirt taken from the shaft in which the rich pro3pect3 . before mentioned had been obtained were washed by diggers holding the adjoining claims. Strange to say only one or two light colors were revealed. As dish aftec dish in succession failed to give a ghost of a show mutterings, not loud but deep, were to be heard on every side, and when the trial was finished many openly ex pressed their dissatisfaction, and hopes which had ascended high in the morning now fell to zero ; a few, however, who know how erratically the gold is dis tributed in even the richest claims on this field, still retain sufficient confidence in Badger's Hill to give it a fair trial. The reserve at the Government Well, opposite the main washing depot, was thrown open on Friday morning, and one or two holes bottomed at about 3 feet have already produced, as far as I can learn, fair prospects, and in one case a iew small pieces have been obtained. The washings at the depots maintain a fair; average, and there being plenty of water and every facility to carry out the work with ease and economy, they are getting .more numerously patronised. An im provement, however, which could be effected at a trivial cost, would be the formation of sludge dams similar to those universally used by puddlers on other goldfields. A few loads of tailings, of which there are any quantity available on the spot, pro perly deposited in a semi-circle belo>7 the bank of which the cradles are worked, would be all that would be required, and the " sludge " and waste water, instead of as at present spreading over a large ex panse of ground and threatening to be ultimately a source of considerable nuisance to the adjoining claimholders, would be collected in a reservoir in which, the heavier earthy material settling, an ample supply of water from the sur face could be collected for dish prospect ing ad libitum by those who can ill afford to test their ground as thoroughly as its naturally uncertain character would rendec advisable. Of course the tailings from these washings would maintain the bank, and if it grefr in course of time to an in convenient height a second outer dam could easily be constructed on the same principle. A number of the claims on the rising ground opposite the main depot are turn ing out well. A load from one of them washed there on Friday gave 2 oz., half of which was picked out of the hopper in one piece. Very good gold also is being ob tained in the lower end of Dam Gully, a run just below the embankment going about 3 oz. of nice shotty gold. Some nice slugs are occasionally being unearthed near the north-east corner in lately-opened ground. The Aurifera reef (Hunter & Co.'s) in this vicinity is giving every satisfaction to its shareholders. A semi-private test of a 10-oz. piece, in which it is stated no gold was visible, on being crushed and washed yielded a residuum that, unless I am much mistaken, when retorted will lift a penny weight. The main body of the reef is no w exposed, and a few days' more work will reveal whether it has any right to its name. Proceedings cle lunatieo inquirendo were heard before Messrs. Reid and Gee, J.P.'s, at the police camp this afternoon. The subject of the enquiry, John Forrest, a* native of Broken Hill, iiew South Wales, was found to be of unsound mind, and an order was made out on Dr. Richardson's certificate for his admission into tha Government asylum. On Friday evening a benefit waa given by Oscar Smith's Indian Tourist Party to Miss Nellie Harley. The company were assisted by amateurs and some members of the circus troupe, and an excellent? programme, appreciated by a full house, was given. This evening Mr. Perry's Circus gives a benefit to the Miners1, Benefit Association, rendered doubly ac ceptable by reason of the numbers of sick and destitute diggers at present on the field. As several extra attractions are combined, and the object is such a worthy one, every seat is certain to be occupied. Typhoid unfortunately appears to be still spreading, in spite of every precau tion that the local authorities can take. Among the last victims who have been compelled to leave the field are Messrs. George Bonnar (of Bonnar & Co., coach proprietors) and Heslop. Mr. Le Corner: is still dangerously ill. 