TUB CHINESE MISSION. St. ICiliin's Pro-cathedral was thronged by a: large congregation at eleven o'clock yesterday morning, whjn high mass was celebrated by the Re* Father Byrne, of the diocese of Queensland. ■ The Most Kev Dr Raimondi, Lord Bishop of Hong Kong, who is on a short visit to this city for the purpose of raising fundi! iu support of the Catholic mission in China, delivered an excsllent discourse, selecting as hia text the memorable words, , addressed by our Saviour to His apostles " Go ye therefore and teach nil nations, baptising them in the name of the Fathor aud of the Son aud of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe nil thin?* whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all dayH oven to tho consummation of the world." AtVospari Dr Raimondi ag^in preached to a large congregation. Dr Raimondi after leaving Europe in 1852, arrived in Sydnsy and proceeded thence to the Pacific IbIbb where the work of conversion was carried on for some three years. He next visited Bornoo, and commenced his mission in Chini iu 1S5S. The seat of hia labors is in Hong King, but Dr Raimondi has under his superintendence the whole of the various missions in the empire which he is in tho hibit of visiting. The list of ecclosiastics comprise 30 bishops, ,r)00 European' priests, and "103 native prie3ta. The Catholics of China number noarly 2,000,000, and on tho averag i about 20,000 conversions aro m-ide overy year. A peculiar superstition exists among tho Chinese, which is that the female sex have only half a sonl, and therefore should not be allowed to live. The consequence ia that oumborless fsmale children are abandoned aud destroyed as soon as they come into the worl4, and about ono por cent of the mvlo children, who exhibit any bodily or mental defect, are treated in tho same manner. One of the principal duties devolving ljpon tho missionaries is to cave ae many of these as possible Some aro brought up by the Government, and become good Christians. In Hong K'»ig there have been established several schools, an orphanage, an asylum, a roformat Ty, an ecclesia3 tical seminary for the education of native priests, a college containing 350 boys, anothor conta-ning 200 girls, and several other institutions of a similar description. 