OUT OFTHE DEPTHS A TALE OF TERROR. , CHAPTER XXI. EDS' A AND CATHOLINA. " Alas," aighed Suzanne, " we shall norer know peace and safety again ! I shall dream nightly of daggers and assassination. >o wonder that poor Jean could not sleep in his bod. Ic is a fearful thing to bo obliged to steal about the streets like a fejon when ono has committed no crijno, and not to bo able to hold his bead among honest people/' There was a light step at tho doqr and a timid knocking. "She has como 1 exclaimed Mnr- igny, springing to the door. In a moment ho was embracing his sister. " I knew you would come ; I did not doubt your faithfulness," he added. " Tea, I hare come. Doctor Paul," she answered. " Vou know you havo bat to speak to command my ler- rices." Sho glanced about the room, as if in search of some ono. "Sho is there," said Merigny, point ing to tho apartment that contained his treasure. M You shall see her soon. But first say something to theso worthy people, who hare also suffered from the eril deeds of the Do Vfllanrillcs. This is Jean Louis tho bricklayer, and this is Suzanne, his wife. Jean can tell you the strangest story. The assassin's dagger ie poised over his head. Ho cannot go ont or como in in security. See, ho is wounded. His lifo bas just been assailed. Do not be alarmed; ho is not dangoroaslf injured. Those stains como from a aero flesh- wound." Edna rallied, and spoke somo friendly words to Suzanne and the bricklayer. "Ab, Paul," she whispered pre eeatly to her brother, " I tremble. I fear to sco this pretty holplcss crea ture of yours. I doubt whether I am good enough to be what you wish to her." " Tou are good enough to bo a saint," ho replied kissing nor hand. "Jealousy is sometimes cruel." " Only with tho cruet Hare you adjusted everything at the house for a long absence? " " According to your wishes and in structions, Mrs. Kirkland was, with somo argument and entreaty, induced to aid and abet in your singular pur pose. ( She knows her part, and will enact woll. The card you used to leave sometimes when you went out, I placed in tho window : " Gone out. Snail be in soon." It will be liko an accusing ghost to the guilty. What will they think, seeing it there day after day ? Then there will be tho fear of a failure on thoir minds, to giro thoso simple words doublo signi ficance.' "You are an invaluable ally. Will you see her now?" " I will sco her. But, Paul, I warn you that I shall hate her !" "You cannot! " said Paul gently. Opening a door, he led Edna to the bed where Catholina was reclining. Sho was white as a lily. Tho faint rays of morning steating through tho shutters, cloned liko dim electric fires over ner face, giving it a soft dreamy brightness. An exquisite hand and arm lay lightly upon tho pillow. The transparent, half-dosed lids, with their long lashes, were raised as tho brother and sister advanced, and tho starry eyes looked up. She glanced from Merigny to his sister. A scarcely percoptiolo wave of colour mounted to her cheeks. Mademoiselle Merigny did not speak, but contemplate the picture before her with intense curiosity, mingled with wonder, while Catholina seemed almost equally affected by the beauty of Edna. "Mademoiselle Catholina, this is my sister. You cannot tell what plea sure it gives me to bring her to you. I am sure thatyoursouls will unite in friendship." £dna. took Catholina s hand, and ahiverb/lhtt0 ®h heldit in here. The young girJ'8 loneliness terrified her. a he was ossuiw that any one might love such a bring. While tbesympa thised with Catholina V sufferings, a painful feeling of jealousy agitated ner. Sho said to herself: "I shall have to abdicate. Here is the real queen of my brother's heart. Doctor Paul was watching her. She met his scorching eyes. Her expression told him, as plainly as possible : " I bare lost you, Dr. Paul ! This piece of wax-work has done mean injury." "Mademoiselle," said Edna, " my brother has informed me what has happened. It is all very dreadful, and you most not think of it. He has a plan— Doctor Paul has— and he thinks I am strong enough to help him. I don't know whether I am ; I shall try." "Mademoiselle, she can do anything she tries. She is the best girl in the world." "She is very good!" murmured Catholina faintly. Then she said to Edna : " Mademoiselle Merigny, I owe jour brother a great debt of gratitude." "Anyone would havo done what ho did. Do not lay too much stress upon his faithfulness," returned Edna. Catholina shook her head and looked incredulous. There was more argument in that motion than Elaa eirthl to contend with. " 1 shall IcaTO you together," said Merignr, "whilo I make arrango- ments for our burial from human sight and obsecration. There is a building, not a stone's throw from tho Old Barrack, which I beliero will answer our purpose. It will not be tedious to bo shut up there a fow weeks or months, I am sure." Edna glanced at Catholina and smiled. " Jean Louis and his wife will be our housekeepers. Saunno will bo very useful. Sho can go and como in disguise, and provision our castlo. And, for that matter, we will all hare disguises," added the doctor smiling. " Romance," said Edna. "Rone for you, for I shall keep you a close prisoner. I had intended that Jean Louis should attend to this ; but since ho is wounded, I most go myself." "Stay, Dr. Paul!" said Edna, authoritatively. " It is far more pru dent for you to remain within doors. Suzanne and I can do all that is to be done, with less risk and better speed." '» What, cngago a houso ?' " A dozen, if necessary." "And make it ready to rccoivo " Certainly, Doctor Paul. The vicinity of the Old Barrack will bo watched to-day, I should suppose, on account of Jean Lonis. Tno person who gave him that wound will wish to know its effects.' " You aro right, ' answered Merigny. "I trust evorything to you. It will, on reflection, bo the safest for Jean and I to remain within doors to-day. To-night wo will flit, like full-fledged birds, from tho neat." An hour later, Edna and Suzanne left tho ccttage on their voluntary errand. On the following day, the Iittlo dwelling of tho bricxlarcr was found closed, anil a pieco of crapo tied to tho door-knob. The neigh bours, in passing, shook their heads, nothing doubting but that the pesti lence bad visited Jean Louis. Meantime the removal had safely taken place. Tho night, having beon dark, favoured them. The hoato selected for their seclusion proved in every respect advantageous. To bo sure it was a dismal fabric, and hod long been tcnantless on that account. There were dwellings near it, but the locality, at that time, was not con sidered desirable. Tho rear looked toward the Old Barrack, and tho brick- layer's cottage could be seen from the upper windows. Catholina submitted to the wishes of Dr. Merigny with charming graco and docility. Ilcr health was hourly improving, and she did her best to appear cheerful and content. It was noticeable, however, that Mademoi selle Edna grew silent and. melancholy, and was often found with a thought ful face and abstracted air. Suzanne proved invaluable, and, among other things, procured various disguises, to be used in case they should be required, or as the desires or necessities of her friends might prompt. TO St C0S7UCK&.) 