ENTERTAINMENTS. MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC. For some time theatregoers have been wait ing patiently for particulars of Gilbert and Sullivan's new opera. Daring the rehearsals even the strictest secrecy has prevailed as to its name and description, in order, it is alleged, that American theatrical pirates might oe baffled. "Buddygore, or The Witch's Curse," is the title of the new opera, which doeB not treat of an Egyptian snbject as was at first supposed. It is stated that some enterprising American hearing that Mr. Gilbert had visited Egypt went to that countiy and purchased the most costly Egyptian dresses in anticipation of playing the " Khedive," which proved to be a canard. The production of this opera will cost £6,000 or £'7,000. Some of the military costumes will coBt £180 apiece. Mr. Gilbert has in formed a contemporary that he has never seen one of his own plays acted for fourteen years, owing to excessive nervousness, whioh he admits grows upon him every day. The Pall Mall Budget gives the following outline of the new opera:—" Buddygore is a burlesque of the old melodrama. The scene is laid at the Cornish fishing village of Bederrin, somewhere about 1812. Sir Bupert Murgatroyd, of Buddygore Castle, wasj a wicked haronet, given to burning witches. But one of the writhing dames cursed him and bis race from the stake, She sayB:— Bach lord of Buddygore, Despite his best endeavour, Shall do one ctime, or more, Onoe, every day, for ever! When the story opens we find the real repre sentative of the Murgatroyds, who has the " manners of a Marquis and the morals of a Methodist," hiding under the name of Bobin Oakapple in Bederrin, whither he had fled to avoid the dreadful penalties of the witch's curse. But Bobin is betrayed to hiB younger brother. Sir Despard, who has borne the weight of the witch's cnrse for many years. In the second act we find Bobin groaning under the weight of the family cnrBe, having exchanged places with his brother. The scene is laid in the picture gallery of the MnrgatroydB,it8 walls nung with the portraits of bygone Baronets. To them the unlncky Baronet appeals. Then the stage darkens, the family portraits step down from their frames, soldiers and divines, and hid the Baronet of Buddygore Down upon the oaken fioor, Down upon those knees of thine 1 Coward, poltroon, shaker, squeamer. Blockhead, sluggard, dullard, dreamer, &o.;, Then the ghost of Sir Boderick steps down to the strains of wild and solemn mueio, the stage is dark, and Sir Arthur's baton is tipped with a ball of fire, Bobin is then put through an examination as to the crimes he has committed. What crime did he com mit on Monday! None; it was a Bank holiday. On Tuesday? Made a false income tax return. That's nothing at all | it's expected of you. Robin's crimes are unanimously voted ] ridiculously inadequate, and he is told to take away a lady. 'I'm not a Bart, of that sort,' replies Bobin in rather a risky line. Eventually, by the usual Gilbertian process of reasoning, a way out of the difficulty is found, the ancestors marry the ohorns of bridesmaids, the two brothers are also made happy, and so oomes the finale." flerr Kohler's second piano reoital on Friday week was not so well attended as the first, but the audience was composed of those who'could appreciate a skilful interpretation of such selections as appeared upon the pro- 1 gramme. Amongst the numbers deserving special mention was one of Schumann's "Symphonic StudieB," a writing which to the ordinary pianist is simply an exerolse, but which when played by an artist snch as 1 Heir Kohler presents beauties that only an artist can develop. In marked contrast to thiB was Liszt's" Gondoliers," evidently founded on the barcarolle "Behold how Brightly" from "Massanielo,"in which an ever-present tuneful melody attracts attention and renders the number pleasing to all hearers. The best performance of the evening was decidedly the "Andante and Finale" from Beethoven's " Emperor" concerto. All pianists of eminence inclnde this work in their repertoires, but probably none who have played before an Adelaide audience have been more successful then Herr Kohler. The delicate observance of light and shade, the skilful manipulation in the ohromatic triplets in octaves which ocour in this writing, and the distinctive character by which the performances was marked were sufficient to Btamp the performer as being in the front rank of his profession. The other numbers, from the writings of Weber, Handel, NicodA Chopin, Liszt, and especially Wagner's "Tannbauser" march, also afforded the pianist the opportunity for displaying his extraordinary talent, which secured for him the genuine approval of his audience and a recall, to which he bowed his acknowledgment. MisB Van Senden sang three songs—" Mignon" (Beethoven), a " Spanish Song". (Jensen), and she repeated her previous success Brahms' "Lullaby," with the result of a well-merited encore. A correspondent wires us from Brisbane that the first Australian production of Mr. Sydney Grundy's "Silver Shield" by St. Mam's Company on Saturday night was an unequivocal suocess. Mr. Bland Holt, the well-known comedian, one of the passengers by the Ormuz to Mel bourne, brings out from England several new dramaB and comedies, which will be pro duced in the colonies by a company which he is abont to form in Melbourne. 