Al 0O.D MAll T.ALH B* CaIEssE C o sarmls.. Yes, it certainly is a tumble-down place at present, with its angular, lo, cramped rooms, andmysterious turrets and gables furniahed you'd think with a ghost. res pectable, ' rim,; and forbidding.. Yet I - remember welt whenit wre a more cheery appearance, with plenty of life, and-noise a from the voices of. numerous children. ] That wood of old trees, surroundg, I looked gloomy and quaintly romantic; now itimparts so much gloom as to render its - weirdness appalling - Let me see-well, it's several- years since the time that ' Old Gabriel Johnson' nailed up the oaken doors and padlocked the gateto the garden, and masons -and joiners, you say are now commig down to 1 repair it ; well, well, there are changes on changes: It- loes not take long, I ansure you, for a homestead to fall into rain when the fire are put out, and the carpets are lifted'andatored in the attic, or taken away I from the building, Now when I recollect F this plaie, there was not a tidier dwelling, nor a residence . more • complete, in. the whole wide region of Stratton; .and 'it is of the olden time, this story is told in the l arender Hall wa then the home of otioabrielJohaon,, here he dwelt in .I peehimaelfand his four pretty dua \- ters, hton e. world -and Lard. b farm respe6fed farmers in. his life. Mr Dunn. sen., a i law of Mr Davis, informed his 'wife that he intended taking a ramble with agun, for the purpose of shooting. Mrs Dunn meanwhile went to her daughter's to pass the time while her husband was absent. Not many minutes, had expired after her arrival there before the report of a gun was heard, but no notice was taken of it, as hares are' so plentiful on the farm that it was supposed that Mr Dunn had met with came. About two hour8 afterwards Mrs Dunn left. her daughter's to return home, *hen to.her horror she discovered her husband lying near the fence. On calling for assistance it was found that thde unfortunate old gentleman was quite dead, the charge having pene trated his left side, and entered his heart. It seems that in passing through the gate the hammer of the gun must. have caught and aaused the weapon to go off. Mr Dunn was a very old colonist, having ar rived in Victoria some 40 years ago, and it is 35 years since he took up his residence in Rushworthl. MINISTEns are now sanguine that the Centennial Exhibition will be a great success. The international success of rh: undertaking is absolutely assured, as every country which has been asked , Lo send exhibits will he represented. 'he Chiet Secretary-states that en-. :ouraging communications are coming o hand byevery snail '.3 .. .c- - 