the rev- o. h. spurgeon withdraws from the baptist union- Tho rumor a fow days ngo that MrSpurgeon was about to leave tho Baptist Union turns out now to bq correct. For soma time past the charges laid by him against mihlsters and cniivcnesot being upon tlm "down grade" theo logically and spiritually have been ardently cambau-d privately, but at the meetings of the Union in Sheffield early this month they were ignored, while? at tho gatherings of the Con gregational Union they were denied. Replying to his critics and declaring Ins final decisiou, Mr Spnrgeon says that " to pursue union at the cxKiisn of truth is treason to thu Lord Jesus. Ho is our Master and Lord, ami wo will keep His words; lc» tam.s'r with His doctrine would be to be traitors to Himself." I'lvcetding, lie argues that as a mattei of fact "beSiuvew in Christ's atonement are now in declared religious union with those who make light of it; those who hold Evangelical doc trine are in open alliance with IhWo who call the Fall a fable, who deny tho personality of the Holy Ghost, who call justification by faith immoral, and hold that there is another proba tion after death, mid a future restitution for tlm lost." " Yes," lie fays, "wo have before us tho wretched spectacle of pro fessedly orthodox Christians publicly avow ing their union with thnso who deny tho taith, and scarcely concealing theirconteinpt of those who cannot be guilty of such gross disloyalty to Christ.' Tin being tho caho lie retires at unutj and distictly from tho Baptist Union, urging that a tho Baptist churches arc each one of thorn rrlf-contamcd and - independent, and tho Union bring only a voluntary associ ation of such ohurchcs, it is a simple matter for a church or an individual to withdraw from it. ( Mr Spurgeoii dors not blamo the Union for tiarlwiwr errors of tho extremest kind," for ho says "so far as wo can see, it is jKwerles. to help itwlf even if it wished to -do so." Replying to the question, " Why not start a now denomina tion?" he says it is a question for niich ho has not any liking. There arc (lenominatu.iH enough in ins opinion, and "if there were a new di'iinminatioii formed the thieves and robbetu wha havo eatc-red other 'gardens walled round would climb into it also, and so nothing would bo gained. Besides the cx- |tcdiV-nt is not- needed among Cl.urchcj which urocaclionrsclf-govnriiingniidsi-li-detcrmimmr. Such Churches ran find their own affinities without difficulty, and can keep their own coasts c'rar of mvuh-rs." In conclusion, Mr Spnrgeon says, " Oh that- the day would c.'mio whim in a larger communion than any other sect can offer, all those who are one in Christ tuny be nblu to blend in manifest unity ! This can only come by the way of growing spiritual life, clearer light upon tho one eternal truth, and a closer cleaving in all things to II ini( who is the Head, even <|cit3 Christ." This decision of Mr S|-urgroii,' .says the Dnihi Xcicz, will be. regretfully received by. the Baptist demmuiintious generally, for," at the meetings in Sheffield, when it was hinted that he intended to leave the Union, an urgent though unofficial wish was expressed Unit lie would not go to that extreme, ami that even if ho did, pressure would be brought to benrujKm him to reconsider audi a decision. 