fill ST#RYT8LLE£. She : a History of Adventure. By H. Rider Haggard. (Author of 'King Solomon's Mines,' 'Dawn,' 'The Witch's Head,' &c.;) Chapter XYIL— THE BALANCE TURNS. In a few minutes, following the lamps of the mutes, that, held out from the body as a bearer holds water in a vessel, had the appearance of floating down the darkness by themselves, wo came to a stair which led us to She's ante room, the same that Billali had crept upon all fours on the previous day. Hare I would have bid the Queen adieu, but we would not. 'Nay,' she said, 'enter with me, oh Holly, for of a truth thy conversation pleasetli me. Think, oh Holly, for 2000 years have I had none to converse with save slaves „,i-„ fl, o-n/l +11r»,n-V. oil ttiic fliin lrin n UUU I41J UH11 KUVUgUUI) auu tuvugu VI. ? ? ? hath much wisdom come, and many secrets been made plain, yet am I weary of my thoughts, and have comc to loathe mine own society, for surely the food that memory gives to eat is bitter to the taste, and it is only with the teeth of hope that we can bear to bite it. Now, though thy thoughts are green and tender, as becometh one so young, yet arc they tliose of a thinking brain, and in truth thou dost bring back to my mind certain of those old philo sophers with whom in days bygono I have disputed at Athens and in Arabia, for thou hast the same crabbed air and dusty look as though thou hadst passed thy days iu reading ill- writ Greek, and been .stained dark with the grime of manuscripts. So draw tlie curtain and sit here by my side, and we will eat fruit and talk of pleasant things. See, 1. will again unveil to thee. Thou ha6t j brought it on thyself, oh Holly. Fairly have 1 warned thee, and thou shalt call me beautiful as even those old philosophers were wont to do. Fie upon them, forgetting their philosophy !' And without more ado she stood up and shook the white wrappings from her and came forth sliming and splendid, like some glittering snake when she has cast her slough ; ay, and iixed her wonderful eyes upon me— more deadly than any basilisk's— and pierced me t'nrougli with their \ Leauty, and sent her light laugh ringing through the air \ like ciiimcs of silver bells. A new mood was on her, and the very colour of her mind seemed to change beneath it. It was no longer torture-torn and 'hatei'uJ, as 1 had seen it when she was cursing her dead rival by the leaping flames, no longer icily terrible as in the judgment hall, no longer rich, and sombre, and splendid, like a Tyrian cloth, as in the dwell ings of the dead. No, her mood now was that of Aphro dite triumphing. Life — radiant, ecstatic, wonderful — seemed to How from her and around her. Softly she laughed and sighed, and swift her glances flew. She shook hc-r heavy tresses, and their perfume filled the place ; she struck her little sandalled foot upon the floor and hummed a snatch of some old Greek epithalamium. All the majesty was gone, or did but lurk and faintly flicker through her laughing eyes, like lightning seen through sunlight. She had cast oil the terror of the leaping flame, the cold power ot judgment that was even now being done, and the wiso sadness of the tombs— cast them off and put ' them behind her, like the white shroud she wore, and now stood out the incarnation of lovely tempting womanhood, made more perfect, and in a way more spiritual, than ever wom&n; was before. 'There, my Holly, sit there where thou canst see me. It is by thine own wish, remember. Again 1 say, blame me not if thou dost spend the rest of thy little span with such a sick pain at jtlie heart that thou wouldst fain have died before ever thy curioiis ? eyes were set upon me. There, sit so, and teil me, for in truth I am inclined for praises — tell me, am I not beautiful ? Kay, speak not so hastily ; consider well the j^oliit ; take me feature by feature, forgetting not my formV;and .my hands and feet, and my hair, and the whiteness' of mv skin, and then tell me truly hast thou ever known a woman who in aught, ay, in one little portion ot her beauty, in the curve of an eyelash even, or tho modelling of a shell-like car, is justi fied to hold a light before my loveliness! Now, my waist ! Perchance thou thinkest it too large ; but of a truth it is not so ; it is this golden snake that is too large, and doth not bind it as it should. It is a wise snake, and knoweth that it is ill to tie in the waist. But see, give ine thy hands— so— now press them round me ; there, with but a little force, thy fingers tpuch, oh Holly.' ^ I could stand it no longer. 1 am but a man, and she was more than a woman. Heaven knows what she was ; I don't. But thon and there I fell upon my knees before her, and told her in a sad mixture of languages — for such moments confuse the thoughts — that .1 worshipped her as never woman was worshipped, and that I would give my immortal soul to marry her, which at that time I certainly 1 would have done, and so, indeed, would any other man, or all the race of men rolled into one. For a moment she looked a little surprised, and then she began to laugh and clap her hands in glee. 'Oh, so sson, ok Holly !' she said. ' I wondcredhow many minutes it would take to bring thee to. thy knees. I have not seen a man kneel before me for so many days, and, believe me, to a woman's heart the sight is sweet ; ay, wis dom and length of days take not from 'that dear pleasure which is our sex's only right. ' What wouldst thou '( what wouldst thou ? Thou dost not know what thou doest. Have I not told thee that 1 am not for thee ! 1 love but one, and it is not thee. Ah, Holly, for all thy wisdom — and in a way thou art wise — thou art but a fool running after folly. Thou wouldst look into mine eyes— thou wouldst kiss me. Well, if it pleaseth thee, look,' and she bent herself towards me and fixed her dark and thrilling orbs upon my own ; ay, and kiss, too, if thou wilt, for, thanks be given' to the scheme of things, kisses leave no marks, except upon the heart. But if th«u dost kiss, 1 tell thee of a surety wilt thou eat out thy breast with love of me and- 'die !' And she bent yet further towards me till her soft hair brushed my brow, and her fragrant breath played- upon my face and made me faint and weak. Then of a sudden, even as I stretched out my arms to clasp, she straightened herself, and a quick change passed over her. Reaching out her hand, she held it over my head, and it seemed to me that some thing flowed from it that chilled me back to common ' sense, and a knowledge of propriety and the domestic virtues. 'Enough of this wanton play,' she said with a touch of sternness. ' .Listen, Holly. Thou art a good and honest man, and I fain would spare thee ; but, oh ! it is so hard for a woman to be merciful. 1 have said I an not for thee; therefore, let thy thoughts pass by me like an idle wind, and the dust of thy imagination sink again into the depths — well, of despair, if thou wilt. Thou dost not know me, Holly. Hadst thou seen me but 10 hours ago, when my passion seized me, thou hadst shrunk from tne in fear and trembling. I am a woman of many moods, and, like the water in that vessel, I reflect many things ; but they pass, ;my Holly; they pass and are forgotten. Oaly the water is the water still, and 1 still am 1, and that which maketh the water maketh it, and that which maketh me maketh me, nor can my quality be altered. Therefore, pay no heed to what 1 seem, seeing that thou canst not know what I am. If thou troublest me again I will veil myself, and thou shalt behold my face no more.' I rose and sank on the cushioned couch beside her, yet quivering with emotion, though for a moment my mad ^ passion had left me, as the leaves of a tree quiver still, although the gust he gone that stirred them. I did not dare to tell her that I had seen her in that deep and ftpliisTi mood, muttering incantations to the lire in the tomb. ' So,' she went on, now eat some fruit ; believe mo, it is the only true food for man. Oh, tell me of the philo sophy of the Hebrew Messiah, who came alter me, and who thou sayest doth now rule Rome and Greece and Egypt and the barbarians beyond. It must have been a strange philosoph that He taught, for in my day the people would have nought of our philosophies. Revel end lust and drink, blood, and cold steel, and the shock of men gathered in the battle— these were the canons of their creeds.' I had recovered myself a little by now, and, feeling bitterly ashamed of the weakness into which I had been betrayed, I did my best to expound to her the doctrines of Christianity, to which, however, with the single exception of our conccption of heaven and hell, I found that she paid but faint attention, her interest being all directed towards the Man who taught them. 'Ah!' she said, 'I see— a new religion! I have known so many, and doubtless there have been many more since I knew aught beyond these caves of Kor. ^Mankind asks ever of the skies to vision out what lies behind them. It is terror for the end, and but a subtler form of selfish ness— this it is lliuc breeds religions. Mark, my Holly, each religion claims the future for its followers ; or, at the least, the good thereof. The evil is for those benighted ones who will bave none of it, seeing the light the true believers worship, as the fishes see the stars, but dimly. The religions. come and the religions pass, and civilisations come and puss, and nought endures but the world and human nature. Ah ! if man would but see that hope is from within and not from without — that he himself must work out his own salvation ! Ho is there, and within him is the breath of life and a knowledge of good and evil as good and evil is to him. Thereon let him build and stand erect, and not cast himself before the image of 6ome un known god, modelled like himself, but with a bigger brain to tliink evil, and a longer arm to do it.' I thought to myself, which shows how old such reason ing is, being, indeed, one of tho recurring quantities of theological discussion, that her argument sounded very like some I have heard in the nineteenth century, and in \- other places than the caves of Kor, and which, by the way, I personally disagree, but I did not care to try to discuss the question with liur. To begin with, my mind was too weary with all the emotions through which I had passed, and, in the second place, I knew that I should get the worst of it. It is hard enough to argue with an ordinary materialist, who hurls statistics and whole strata of geolo gical facts at your head, whilst you can only buffet him with deductions and instincts and the 6nowflakes of faith, that are, alas! so apt to melt in thfe hot embers of our troubles. How little chance, then, should 1 have against one whose brain was supematurally sharpened, and who had 2000 years of experience, besides all manner of know ledge of the secrets of Nature at her command ? Feeling that she would be more likely to convert me than I should to convert her, I thought it best to leave the matter alone, and so sat silent. Many a time since then have I bitterly regretted that I did so, for thereby I lost the only oppor tunity I can remember having had of ascertaining what Ayesha really believed. 'Well, my Holly, art tbou tired of me already that thou dost sit so silent?' she said presently, with a little yawn. ' Faithless man ! And but half an hour since thou wast upon thy knees — the posture does not suit thee, Holly — swearing that thou didst love me. What shall we do 1 — Nay, I have it. I will come and soc this youth, the Lion, as the old man Billali calls him, who came with thee, and who is now so sick. The fever must have run its course by now, and if he is about to die 1 will recover him. Fear not, my Holly, I shall use no magic. Have I not told thee that there is no such thing as magic, though there is such a thing as understanding and applying the forces which are in Nature ? Go now, and presently when I have made the drug ready I will follow thee.'* Accordingly I went only to find Job and Ustane in a great state of grief, and declaring that Leo was in the throes of death, and that they had been searching for me everywhere. I rushed to the couch and glanced at him. Clearly he was dying. He was senseless and breathing heavily, but his lips were quivering, and every now and again a little shudder ran down his frame. I knew enough of doctoring to see that in another hour he would be beyond the reach of earthly help — perhaps in another five minutes. How I cursed my selfishness and the folly that had kept me lingering by Ayesha's side while my dear boy lay dying ! Alas, and alas ! bow easily the best of us are lighted down to evil by the gleam of woman's eyes! What a wicked Wretch was I! Actually, for the last half hour I had scarc^jy thought of Leo, and this, be it remembered, of the man^.Yrho for 20 years had been my dearest companion and fk'a.' one interest of my existence. And now, perhaps, it was too late. I wrung my hands and glanced round. Ustane was sitting by the couch, and in her eyes burnt the dull light oi despair. Job was blubbering — I am sorry I cannot write his distress by any more delicate word— audibly in|the corncr. Seeing my eye fixed upon him he went outside to give way to his grief in the passage. Obviously the only hope lay in Ayesha. She, and she alone — unless, indeed, she was an impostor, which I could not be lieve—could save him. I would go and implore her to come. As I started to do so, however, Job came flying into the room, his hair literally standing on end with terror. 'Oh, God help us, sir!' he ejaculated in a frightened whisper ; ' here's a corpse coming sliding down the pas sage!' For a moment I was puzzled, but presently, of course, it struck me that he must have seen Ayesha, wrapped in her grave-like garment, and been deceived by the extra ordinary undulating smoothness of her walk iuto a belief that she was a white ghost jrliding towards him. Indeed, at that very moment the question was settled, for Ayesha herself was in the apartment, or rather cave. Job turned and saw her sheeted form, and then, with a convulsive howl of ' Here it conies !' sprang into a corner and jammed his face against the wall, and Ustane, guessing whose the dread presence must be, prostrated herself upon her face. ' Thou comest in good time, Ayesha,' I said, ' for my boy lies at the point of death.' ' So,' she said softly ; ''provided he be not dead, it is no natter, for I can bring him back to life, my Holly. Is that man there thy servant, and is that the method wherewith thy servants greet strangers in thy country J' ' He is frightened of thy garb ; it hath a death-like air,' I answered. She laughed. ' And the girl * Ah, I see now. It is her of whom thou didst speak to me,. W^LL, bid them both loave us, and we will see to this sick Lion of thine. I love not that under lings should perceive my wisdom.' Thereon I told Ustane in Arabic and Job in English both to leave the room — an order which the latter obeyed readily enough, and was glad to obey, for be could not in. any way subdue his fear. But it was* otherwise with Ustane. 'What does She want r'' she whispered, divided between her fear of the terrible Queen and her anxiety to remain near Leo. ' It is surely the right of a wife to bo near her husband when he dieth. Kay, I will not go, my lord the Baboon.' 'Why doth not that woman leave us, my Holly?' asked Ayesha, from the other end of the cave, where she was engaged in carelessly examining some sculptures on the wall. ' She doth not like to leave Leo,' I answered, not knowing what to say. Ayesha wheeled round, and point ing to the girl Ustane, said ono word, aad one only, but it was quite enough, for the tone in which it was said meant volumes. 'Go!' And sullenly Ustane crept past her on her hands and knees, and went. 'Thou sccst, my Holly,' said Ayesha, with a little laugh, ' it was time that I gave this people a lesson in i obcdience. ' The girl went nigh to disobeying me, but then she did not learn this morning how I treat the disobedient. 'Well, she has gone ; and now let me see the youth,' and she glided towards the couch on which Leo lay, with his face in the shadow and turned to the wall. ' He hath a noble shape,' she said, as she bent over him to look upon his face. Next second her tall and willowy form was staggering back across the room, as though she had been shot or stabbed, staggering back till at last she struck the cavern wall, and then there burst from her lips the most awful and unearthly scream that I ever heard in all my life. ' What is it, Ayesha ?' I cried, ' Is he deadV' She turned, and sprang towards me like a tigress. 'Than dog!' she said, in her terrible whisper, which sounded like the hiss of a snake, ' why didst thou hide this from me ?' and she stretched out her arm, and I thought she was going to slay mo. 'What?' I ejaculated, in the most lively terror: what?' 'Ah!' she said, ' perchance thou didst not know. Learn, my Holly, leam; there lies — there lies my lost Kallikrates, who lias come back to me at last, as I knew he would, as 1 knew he would,' and she began to sob and to laugh, and generally to go on like any other lady who is a little upset, murmuring ' Kallilaates, Kallikrates.' ' Nonsense,' thought I to myself, but I did not like to say it ; and, indeed, at that moment I was thinking of Leo's life, having forgotten everything else in that terrible anxiety. What I feared now was that he should die whilst she was ' carrying on.' 'Unless thou canst help him, Ayesha,' I put in, by way of a reminder, ' thy Kallikrates will soon be far beyond thy calling. Surely he dieth even now.' ' True,' she said with a start. ' Oh, why did I not come before! I am unnerved— my hand trembles, even miuc — and yet it is very easy. Here, thou Holly, take this phial,' and she produced a tiny jar of pottery from the folds of her garment, ' and pour the liquid in it down his throat. It will cure him if he be not dead. Swift, now ! swift ! the man dies !' 1 glanced towards him ; it was true enough, Leo was in his death-struggle. I saw his poor face turning ashen, and the breath began to rattle in his throat. The phial was stoppered with a little piece of wood. I drew it with my teeth, and a drop of the liuid within flew upon my tongue. It had a sweet flavour, and for a second made my head swim and a mist gather before my eyes, but happily the effect passed away as swiftly as it had arisen. When I reached Leo's side he was plainly expiring — his golden head was slowly turning from side to side, and his mouth was slightly open. I called to Ayesha to hold his head, and this she managed to do, though the woman was quivering from head to foot, like an aspen-leaf or a startled horse. Then, forcing the jaw a little more open, I poured the contents of the phial into his mouth. Instantly a little vapour arose from it, as happens when one disturbs nitric acid, and this sight did not increase my hopes, already faint enough, of the efficacy of the treatment. One thing, however, was certain, the death-throes ceased — at first I thought, because he had got beyond then, and crossed the awful river. His face turned a livid pallor, and his heart-beats, which had been feeble enough before, seemed to die away altogether — only the eyelid still twitched a little. In my doubt 1 looked up' at Ayesha, whose head wrapping had slipped back in her excitement when she went 'reeling across the room. She was still holding Leo's head, and with a face as pale as his watching his counte nance with such an expression of agonised anxiety as I have never seen before. Clearly she did not know if he would live or die. Five minutes passed, and I saw that she j was abandoning hope ; her lovely oval face seemed to fall in and grow visibly thinner beneath the pressure of a mental j agony, whose pencil drew black lines about the hollows of her eyes. The coral faded even from her lips, till they were as white as Leo's face, and quiveted pitifully. It was shocking to see her; even in my own grief I felt for hers. ' Is it too late?' I gasped. She hid her face in her hands, and made no answer, and i I, too, turned away. But as I did so I heard a deep-drawn breath, and, looking down, perceived a line of colour creep ing up Leo's face, then another and another, and then, -wonder of wonders, the man we had thought dead turned ' Thou seest,' I said, in a whisper. I 'I see,' she answered, hoarsely. 'He is saved. X thought we were too late— another moment — one little moment more — and he had been gone !' and she burst into an awful flood of tears, sobbing as though her heart would break, and yet managing to look lovelier than ever as she did it. At last she ceased. ' Forgive me, my Holly — forgive me for my weakness,' she said. 'Thou seest after ail I am a very woman. Think — now think of it. This morning didst thou speak of the place of torment appointed by this new religion of thine. Hell or Hades thou didst call it — a place where the vital cssence lives and retains an individual memory, and where all the errors and faults of judgment anS unsatisfied passions and the unsubstantial terrors of the mind where with it hath at any time had to do come to mock and haunt and gibe and wring the heart for ever and for ever with the vision of its own hopelessness. Thus, even thus, have I lived for 2000 years — for some 60 generations, as ye reckon time — in a Hell, as thou callest it — tormented by the. memory of a crime, tortured day and night with an un ful filled desire — without companionship, without comfort, without death, and led on only down my dreary road by the marsh-lights of hope, which though they flickered here and there, and now glowed strong, and now were not, yet, as my skill told me, would one day lead unto my deliverer. And then — think of it still, oh, Holly, for never shalt thou hear such another tale, or see such another scene, nay, not. even if, I give -thee 10,000' years of life— and thou shalt have it in payment if thou wilt — think; at last my deliverer came — he whom I had watched and waited for through the generations — at the appointed time he came to seek me, as 1 knew he must come, for my wisdom could nor err, though I knew not when or how. Yet sec how ignorant I was ! See how small my knowledge, and how faint my strength ! For hours he lay here sick unto' death, and I felt it not — I who had waited for him for 2G00 years — I knew it not. And then at last I see him, and, behold, my chance is gone but by a hair's breadth even before I had it, for he is in the very jaws of death ; whence no power of mine can draw him. And if he die, surely must the Hell be lived through once more — once more must I face the weary centuries, and wait, and wait till time in its ful ness shall bring my beloved back to me. And then thou gavest him the medicine, and that five minutes dragged along before I knew if he would live or die, and I tell thee that all the €0 generations that are gone were not so long as that five minutes. But they passed at last, and still he showed no sign, and I know that if the drug works not, then it, so far as I had knowledge, works not at. all. Then thought I that he was once more dead, and all the tortures of all the years gathered themselves into a single venomed spear, and pierced me through and through, because once again I had lost Kallikratcs ! And then, when all was done, behold! he sighed, behold! he lived, and I knew that he would live, for none die on whom the drug takes hold. Think of it now, my Holly—think of the wonder of it 1 He will sleep for 12 hours, and then the fever will have left lliltl J' And she stopped, and laid her hand upon the golden head, and then bent down and kissed the brow with a chastened abandonment of tenderness that would have been beautiful to behold had not the sight cut me to the heart — for I was jealous ! Chapteb XVIII.— GO, WOMAN! Then followed a silence of a minute or so, during which She appeared, if one might judge from the almost angelic raptures of her face — for she looked angelic sometimes — to be plunged in a happy ecstasy. Suddenly, however, a new thought struck her, and her expression became the very reverse of angelic. 'Almost had I forgotten,' she said, 'that woman, Ustane. What is she to Kallikrates — his servant, or ? V' and she paused, and her voice trembled. I shrugged my shoulders. ' I understand that she is wed to him according to the custom of the Amahagger,' I an swered ; ' but I know not.' Her face grew dark as a thunder-cloud. Old as she was, Ayesha had not outlived jealousy. ' Then there is an end,' she said; 'she must die. even now !' 'For what crime?' I asked* bonified; 'she is gmlty of nought that thou art not guilty of thyself, oh, Ayesha. She loves the man, and he has been pleased to accept her love; where, then, is her sin?' 'Truly, oh, Holly, thou art foolish,' she answered, almost petulantly. ' Where is her sin ? Her sin is that she stands between me and my desire. Well, I know that , I can take him from her — for dwells there a man upon this earth, oh. Holly, who could resist me if I put out my strength ? Men are faithful for so long only as temptations pass them by. If the temptation be but strong enough, then will the man yield, for every man, like every rope, hath his breaking strain, and passion is to them what gold and power are to women — the weight upon their weakness. Believe me, ill will it fare with the mortal woman in that heaven of which thou speakest, if only the spirits be more fair, for their lords will never turn to look upon them, and their heaven will become their hell. For man can be bought with woman's beauty, if it be but beautiful enough ; and woman's beauty can bo over bought with gold, if only there be gold enough. So was it in nly day, and so it will be to the end of time. The world is a great mart, myJHolly, where all things are for sale to him who bids the highest in the currency of our desires.' These remarks, which were as cynical as might have been expected from a woman of Ayesia's age and experience, jarred upon me, and I answered, testily, that in our heaven there was no marriage or giving in marriage. ' Else would it not be heaven, dost thou mean ?' she put in. ' Fie upon thee, Holly, to think so ill of us poor women! Is it, then, marriage that marks the line between thy heaven and thy hell? But enough of this. This is no 'time for disputing and the challenge of our wits. Why dost tbou always dispute? Art thou also a philosopher of these latter days ? As for this woman, she must die ; for though I can take her husband from ;her, yet, while she lived, might he think tenderly of her, and that I cannot away with. No woman shall dwell in his thoughts ; my empire shall be all my own. She hath had her day, let her bo content; for better is an hour 'with love than a century of loneliness— now night shall swallow her.' ' Nay, nay,' I cried, 'it would be a wicked crime ; and from a crime naught comes but what is evil. For thy own sake do not this deed.' ' Is it, then, a crime, oh, foolish 'man, to put away that which stands between us and our ends? Then is our life one long crime, my Holly ; for day by day we destroy that we may live, since in this world none, save the strongest, can endure. Those who are weak must perish ; the earth is to the strong, and the fruits thereof. For every tree that grows a score shall wither, that the strong ones may take their share. We run to place and power over the dead bodies of those who fail and fall ; ay, we win the food we 1 eat from out the mouths of starving babes. It is the scheme of things. Thou sayest, too, that a crime breeds evil, but therein thou dost lack experience ; for out of crimes come many good things, and out of good grows much evil. The j cruel rage of the tyrant may prove a blessing to thousands who come after him, and the eweet-heartedness of a holy man may make a nation slaves. Man doeth this and doeth that from the good or evil of his heart; but he knoweth not to what end his moral sense doth prompt him ; 'for when he slriketli he is blind to where the blow shall fall, nor can he count the aiiy threads that weave the web of circumstance. Good and evil, love and hate, night and day, sweet and bitter, man and woman, heaven above and earth beneath— all these things are necessary, one to the other, and who knows the end of each ? I tell thee that there is a hand of fate that twines them up to bear the burden of its purpose, and all things are gathered in that great rope to which all things are needful. Therefore doth it not become us to say this thing is evil and this good, or the dark is hateful and the light lovely ; for to other eyes than ours, the evil may be the good and the darkness more beautiful than the day, or all alike be fair. Hearest thou, my Holly ?' I felt it was hopeless to argue against casuistry of this nature, which, if it were carried to its logical conclusion, would absolutely destroy all morality, as we understand it. But her talk gave me a fresh thriil of fear ; for what may not be possible to a being who, unconstrained by human law, is also absolutely unshaken by a moral sense of right and wrong, which, however partial and conventional it may be, is yet based, as our conscience tells us, upon the great wall of individual responsibility that marks olf mankind from the beasts. But I was deeply anxious to save Ustane, whom I liked and respected, from the dire fate that overshadowed her at the hands of her mighty rival. So I made one more appeal. ' Aveslia,' I said, 'thou art too subtle for me; but thou thyself hast told me that each man should be a law unto himself, and follow the teaching of his heart. Hath thy heart no mercy towards her whose place thou wouldst take? Bethink thee, as thou sayest — though to me the thing is incredible— he whom thou desirest has returned to thee after many years, and but now thou hast, as thou sayest also, wrung him from tho jaws of death. Wilt thou celebrate his coming by the murder of one who loved him, and whom perchance he loved — one, at any rate, who saved his life for thee when the spears of thy slaves would have made an end thereof? Thou sayest also that in past days thou didst grievously wrong this man— that with thine own hand thou didst slay him because of the Egyptian Ainen artas whom he loved.' '? How knowest thou that, oh stranger? How knowest thou that name ? I spoke it not to thee,' she broke in with a cry, catching at my arm. ' Perchance I dreamed it,' I answered ; ' strangedrcams do hover about these caves of K6r. It seems that the dream was, indeed, a shadow of the truth. What came to thee of thy mad crime? — 2000 years of waiting, was it not? And now wouldst thou repeat tho history ? Say what thou wilt, I tell thee that evil will come of it; for to him who doeth, at the least, good breeds good and evil evil, even though in after days out of evil cometh good. Offences must needs come; but woe to him by whom tho offence cometh. So said that Messiah of whom I spoke to thee, and it was truly said. If thou slayest this innocent woman, I say unto thee that thou shalt be accursed, and pluck no fruit from thine ancient tree of love. Also, what thinkest thou ? How will this man take thee red-handed from the slaughter of her who loved and tended him?' ' As to that,' she answered, ' I have already answered thee. Had I slain thee as well as her, yet should he love me, Holly, because he could not help himself any more than thou couldst help dying, if by chance I slew thee, oh Holly. And yet maybe there is truth in what thou dost say ; for in some way it presseth on my mind. If it may be, I will spare this woman; for have I not told thee that I am not cruel for the sake of cruelty? I love not to see suffering, or to cause it. Let her come before me — quick now, before my mood changes, ** and she hastily covered her face with its gauzy wrapping. Well pleased to have succeeded even to this extent, I passed out into the passage and called to Ustane, whose white garment I caught sight of some yards away, huddled up against one of the earthenware lamps that were placed at the intervals along the tunnel. She rose, and ran towards me. ' Is my lord dead ? Oh, say not he is dead,' she cried, lifting her noble-looking face, .all stained as it was with tears, up to me with an air of infinite beseeching that went straight to my heart. ' Nav, he lives,' I answered. ' She hath saved him. Enter.' She sighed deeply, and entered, and fell upon her hands and knees, after the custom of the Amahagger people, in the presence of the dread She. ' Stand,' said Ayesha in her coldest voice, 'and come hither.' Ustane obeyed, standing before her with bowed head. Then came a pause, which she broke. ' Who ib this man ?' she said, pointing to the sleeping form of Leo. ' The man is my husband,' she answered in a low voice. ' Who gave him to thee for a husband ?' ' I took him according to the custom of our countrv, oh She.' ' Thou hast done evil, -woman, in taking this man, who is a stranger. He is not a man of tliine own race, and the cuBtom fails. Listen: perchance thou didst this thing through ignorance; therefore, woman, do I spare thee, otherwise hadst thou died. Listen again. Go from hence back to thine ownjplace^ and never dare to a$eak to fg r set thine eyes upon this man again. He is not for thee. Listen a third time. If thou breakest this my law, that moment thou diest. Go.' But Ustane did not move. 'Go, woman!' Then she looked up, and I saw that her face was torn with passion. 'Nay, oh, She, I will not go,' she answered in a choked voice; ' theman is my husband, and I love him — I love him, and I will not leave him. What right hast thou to make me loave my husband ?' I saw a little quiver pass down Ayesha's frame, and shuddered myself, fearing the worst. 'Be pitiful,' I said in Greek; 'it is but natur working.' _ ' I am pitiful,' she answered coldly ; ' had I not been Ditiful she had been dead even now.' Then addressing Ustane : ' Woman, I say to thee, go, before I destroy thee where thou art !' ' I will not go ! _ He is mine— mine !' she cried in anguish. ' I took him, and I saved his life ! Destroy me, then, if thou hast the power! I will not give thee my husband — never — never !' Ayesha made a movement so swift that I could scarcely follow it, but it seemed to me that she lightly struck the poor girl upon the hair with her hand. I looked atUstanc's head, iiiid then staggered back in horror, for there upon her hair, right across her bronze- like tresses, were three finger-marks as white as snow. As for the girl herself, she had put her hands to her head, and was looking dazed. ' Great heavens!' I said, perfectly aghast at this dread ful manifestation of unhuman power; but She did but laugh a little. '' Ihou thinkest, poor ignorant fool,' she said to the bewildered woman, ' that I have not power to slay. Stay, there lies a mirror,' and she pointed to Leo's round (?Laving-gLiBs that had been arranged by Job with other things upon his portmanteau ; ' gho it to this woman, my Holly, and let her see that which lies across her hair, and whether or no I have power to slay.' 1 picked up the glass, and held it before Ustane's eyes. She gazed, then felt at her hair, then gazed again, and then sank upon the ground with a sort of sob. ' Now, wilt thou go, or must I strike a second time f' asked Ayesha, in mockery. ' See, I have set my seal upon thee so that I may know thee till thy hair is all as white as it. If I see thy face here again be sure, too, that thy bones shall soon be whiter than my mark upon thy hair.' U tterly awed and brokon down, the poor creature rose, and, marked with that awful mark, crept from the room, sobbing bitterly. ' Look not so frighted, my Holly,' said Ayesha, when she hadgone. ' I tell thee I deal not in magic — there is no such thing. 'Tis only a force that thou dost not understand. I marked her to strike terror to her heart, else must I have slain her. And now I will bid my servants bear my Lord Kallikrates to a chamber near mine own, that 1 may watch over him, and bo ready to greet him when he wakes ; and thither, too, shalt thou come, my Holly, and the white man, thy servant. But one thing remember at thy peril. Nought must thou 6ay to Kallikrates as to how this woman went, and as little as may be of me. Now, I have warned thee !' and she slid away to give her orders, leaving me more absolutely confounded than ever. Indeed, so bewil dered was I, and racked and torn with such a succession of various emotions, that I began to think that I must be going mad. However, perhaps fortunately, I had but little time to reflect, for presently the mutes arrived to carry the sleeping Leo and our possessions across the central cave, so for a while all was bustle. Our new rooms were situated immediately behind what we used to call Ayesha's boudoir — the curtaincd space where I had first seen her. Where she herself slept I aid not then know, but it was somewhere quite close. That night I passed in Leo's room, but he slept through it like the dead, never once stirring. I also slept fairly well, as, indeed, I needed to do, but my sleep was full of dreams of all the horrors and wonders X had undeigone. Chiefly, however, I was haunted by that frightful piece of diablerie by which Ayesha lett her finger-marks upon her rival's hair. There was something so terrible about the swift, snake- like movement, and the instantaneous blanching of that threefold lino, that, if tho results to Ustane had been much more tremendous, I doubt if they would have impressed me so deeply. To this day, 1 often dream of that dread scene, and see the weeping woman, bereaved, and marked like Cain, cast a last look at her lover, and creep from the presence of her d read Queen. Another dream that troubled me was about the hugo pyramid of bones. I dreamed that they all stood up and marched past me in thousands and tens of thousands — in squadrons, companies, and armies — with the sunlight shining through their hollow ribs. On they rushed across . the plain to K&r;, their imperial home ; 1 saw the draw bridges fallbefore them, and heard their bones clank through the brazen gates. On they went, up the splendid streets, on past fountains, palaces, and temples such as the eye of man never saw. But there was no man to greet them in the market-place, and no woman's head appeared at tho windows— only a bodiless voice went before them, calling, ' Fallen is Imperial Kor! — fallen! — fallen! — fallen!' On, right through tho city, marched those gleaming phalanxes, and the rattle of their bony tread went echoing through the silent air as they pressed grimly on. They passed through the city and clomb the wall, and marched along the great roadway that was made upon it, till at length they once more reached the drawbridge. Then, as the sun was sinking, they returned again towards their sepulchre, and luridly his light shone through them, throwing gigantic shadows of their bones, that stretched away and moved like huge spiders' legs as they wound across the plain. Back they came to tho cave, and once more flung themselves in unending files through the hole into the huge pyramid of bones, and I awoke shud dering to see She, who had evidently been standing be tween my couch and Leo's, glide like a shadow from the room. After this I slept again, soundly this time, till morn ing, when I awoke much refreshed, and got up. At last the hour drew near at which, according to Ayesha, Leo was to awake, and with it came She herself, as usual, veiled. ' 'Thou shalt see, Holly,' she said; ' presently shall he awake in his right mind, the fever having left him.' Hardly were the words out of her mouth when Loo turned and stretched out his arms, yawned, opened his eyes, and perceiving a female form bending over him, threw his arms round her and kissed her, mistaking her, perhaps, for Ustane ; because, next minute, he said, in Arabic, ' Hullo, Ustane, why have you tied your head up like that ?— have you got the toothache?' And then, in English, ' I say, I'm awfully hungry. Why, Job, vou old son of a gun, where the deuce have we got to now. eh ?' ' I am sure I wish I knew, Mr. Leo,' said Job, edging suspiciously past Ayesha, whom he still regarded with the utmost disgust and horror, being by no means sure that she was not an animated corpse ; ' but you mustn't talk, Mr. Leo; you've been very ill and given us a great deal of anxiety, and, if this lady,' looking at Ayesha, ' would be so kind as to move, I'll bring you your soup.' This turned Leo's attention to the 'lady,' who was standing by in perfect silence. 'Hullo:' lie said; 'that is not Ustance ; where is Ustane?' Then, for the first time, Ayesha spoke to him, and her first words were a lie. ' She has gone from hence upon a visit,' she said; 'and, behold, I am here as thine hand maiden.' Ayesha's silver notes seemed to puzzle his half -awakened intellect; as also did her corpse-like wrappings. How ever, he said nothing at the time, but drank off his saup greedily enough, and then turned over and slept again till the evening. When he awoke for the second time he saw me and began to question mc as to what had happened, but I had to put him off as best I could till the morrow, whin he awoke almost miraculously better. Then 1 told liiia something of his illness and of my doings ; but as Ayesha was present I could not tell him much except that 'she was the Queen of the country, and welldis posed towards us, and that it was her pleasure to go veiled ; for, though of course I 6poke in English, I was j afraid that she might understand what we were saving from the expression of our faces, and, besides, I remem bered her warning. [ On the following day Leo got up almost entirely re covered. The flesh wound in his siae was healed, and his JF' ' constitution, naturally a vigorous one, had shaken off the I exhaustion consequent on liis terrible fever with a rapidity | that I can only attribute to the effects of the wonderful j drug which Ayesha had given to him, and also to the fact that his illness had been too short to reduce him very much. With his returning health came back full recol lection. of all his adventures up to the time when be had lost consciousness in the marsh, and of course of Ustane also, to whom I discovered ho had grown considerably attached. Indeed, he overwhelmed xue with questions about the noorgirl, which I did not dare to answer, for after Leo's first wakening She had sent for mo, and again warned me solemnly that 1 was to reveal nothing of the j story to him, delicately hinting that if I did it would he the worse for me. She also, for the second time, cau- j tioned me not to tell Leo anything more than I was obliged about herself, saying that she would tell him in her own time. I Indeed, her whole manner changed. After all that I j had seen I had expected that she would take the earliest opportunity of claiming the man she believed to be her old world lover ; but this, for some reason of her own, which was at the time quite inscrutable to me, she did not do. All that she did was to attend to his wants quietly, and with a humility that was in striking contrast with her former imperious bearing, addressing him always in a tone of something like respect, and keeping him with her as much as possible. Of course his curiosity was as much oxcitcd about this mysterious woman as my own had been, and ho was particularly anxious to see her face, which I had, without entering into particulars, told him was as lovely as her form ana voice. This in itself was enough to raise the expectations of any young man to a dangerous pitch, and had it not been that he had not as yet com pletely shaken off the effects of illness, and was much troubled in mind about Ustane, of whose affection and bravo devotion he spoke in touching terms, I have no doubt that he would have entered into her plans and fallen in lovo with her by anticipation. As it was, however, he was simply wildly curious, and also, like myself, con siderably awed, for though no hint had been given to him by her of her extraordinary age, he not unnaturally came to identify her with the woman spoken of on the potsherd. A i- I..,**. nvitsv n V\tt T\i« mtPft- tions, which he showered on me while he was dressing on ibis third morning, I referred him to Ayesha, saying, with pevfect truth, that I did not know where Ustane was. Accordingly, after he had eaten a hearty breakfast, wo adjourned into She's presence, for her mutes had orders to admit us at all hours. She was, as usual, seated in what, for want of a better term, we called her boudoir, and, on the 'curtains being drawn, she rose from her couch and, stretching out both hands, came forward to greet us, or lather Leo ; for I, as may be imagined, was now quite left in the cold. It was n pretty sight to see her veiled form gliding towards the sturdy young Englishman, dressed in his gray flannel suit ; for though he is half a Greek in blood, Leo'is, with the exception of his hair, one of the most English-looking men I ever saw. He has nothing of the supple form or slippery manner of the modem Greek about him, though I presume that he got his remarkable personal beauty from his foreign mother, whose portrait he resembles not a little. He is very tall aud big- chested, and yet not awkward, as so many big men are, and his head is set upon hiui in such a fashion as to give him a proud and vigorous air, which was well translated in his Amahagger name of the Lion. ' Greeting to theo, my young stranger lord,' she said in her softest voice. ' Eight glad am I to see thee upon thy feet. Believe me, had I not saved thee at the last, never wouldst thou have stood upon those feet again. But the danger is done, and it shall be mv care' — and she flung a world of meaning into the words — 'that it doth never return again.' Leo bowed to her, and then, in his best Arabic, thanked her for all her kindness and courtesy in caring for one un known to her. ''Nay,' she answered softly, 'ill could the world spare such a man. Beauty is too rare upon it. Give tile no thanks, who am made happy by thy coming.' 'Humph! old fellow,' said Master Leo aside to me in English, 'the. lady is uncommonly civil. We seem to have tumbled into clover. I hope you have made tho most of your opportunities. By Jove! what a pair of arms she has got.' I nudged him in the ribs to make him keep quiet, for I caught sight of a gleam from Ayesha's hidden eye regard ing me. curiously. -l I trust,' went on Ayesha, ' that my servants have attended well upon thee ; if there can be comfort in this poor place, be sure it waits on thee. Is there aught that I rah do for thee more?' ' Yes, oh She,' answered Leo hastily. ' I would fain j know where the young lady who was looking after me has gone to.' ' Ah,' said Ayeslia ; ' the girl — yes, I saw her. Nay, I know not ; she said that she would go. I know not whither. Perchance she will return, perchance not. It is 'wearisome waiting on the sick, and these savage women tire fickle.' Leo looked both sulky and distressed ^at this intelli gence. 'It's infernally odd,' he said to me in English ; and then addressing She, ' I cannot understand,' he said ; ' the young lady and I — well, you know exactly — in short, wo had a regard for each other.' Ayesha laughed a little very musically, and then turned 'the subject. 